Lee Elias was a British-American comics artist.
In the early 1990s Gerberg was also a content provider for ABC-TV Multimedia, Prodigy, America Online and, online, BookWire.com.
John Ficarra is an American publishing figure.
In 2012, Hickman ended his run on the Fantastic Four titles to write Avengers and The New Avengers, as part the "Marvel NOW!"
Her first work, Mahōtsukai wa Shitteiru was published in the weekly shōjo anthology Hana to Yume in 1982.
Peter Bagge is an American cartoonist whose best-known work includes the comics Hate and Neat Stuff.
He partnered with Class Comics to publish his work in digital formats.
In 2006, Geppi founded Geppi's Entertainment Museum in Baltimore.
Adrian and Ian Miller are especially well known for their work in the early days of Warhammer and 40k in creating a dark serious atmospheric setting.
He published Taiwan Super Riders and exhibited in Angoulême International Comics Festival  and Planet Manga  of Centre Georges Pompidou in 2012.
During his time there he was an assistant to legendary animator Fred Moore.
Many of these serials were written by Carl Fallberg.
Joel W. Pett is an American Pulitzer Prize-winning editorial cartoonist for the Lexington Herald-Leader.
Joseph "Joe" Shuster was a Canadian-American comic book artist best known for co-creating the DC Comics character Superman, with writer Jerry Siegel, in Action Comics #1.
Wood later worked for Image, creating graphic novels and cover art for the various Spawn properties of Todd McFarlane, and projects with IDW Publishing.
Jim Balent is an American comics artist, writer, and publisher from Pennsylvania.
Don Martin was an American cartoonist whose best-known work was published in Mad from 1956 to 1988.
He is a member of Periscope Studio.
He was the first recipient of The Shuster Award for Outstanding Artist in 2005 for his work on Spider-Man: Doctor Octopus.
In 1940, he and writer-editor Joe Simon created the highly successful superhero character Captain America for Timely Comics, predecessor of Marvel Comics.
In 2008, he was among the select artists chosen to contribute to The Totoro Forest Project charity art auction.
Dick Matena is a Dutch comics writer and cartoonist.
Antonio Segura was a Spanish comics writer.
"Charles Nicholas" is the pseudonymous house name of three early creators of American comic books for the Fox Feature Syndicate and Fox Comics.
Chris Ware credited him for "introducing solemnity and eternity in a medium that normally trades in the snappy and the lurid".
Dærick Gröss Sr. is a writer and illustrator of fantasy and comic book art.
He has produced the art for Seer, Confessional and Vurt.
One of the most popular Mexican cartoonists, Rius has written over a hundred books that remain widely popular, especially amongst his Mexican readers.
He majored in visual arts at university.
Serge Clerc is a French comic book artist and illustrator.
Georges Prosper Remi, known by the pen name Hergé, was a Belgian cartoonist.
Lauren Montgomery is an American film animation director and storyboard artist.
Paul Grist is a British comic book creator, noted for his hard-boiled police series Kane and his unorthodox superhero series Jack Staff.
Stan Lee is an American comic-book writer, editor, film executive producer, and publisher.
LaBan is known for his sympathetic and believable characters, real-life dialogue, tight cartoon style and straightforward storytelling.
The followup Faust: Book of M, was nominated for the 1999 Bram Stoker Award for Best Illustrated Narrative.
Ryo Takamisaki is a Japanese manga artist known for his work on the manga series Megaman NT Warrior which was adapted into an anime franchise.
Madeleine Rosca is an Australian artist and author.
He provided the platform to Anupam Sinha who created the popular superhero Super Commando Dhruva.
Hidekaz Himaruya, romanized as Hidekazu Himaruya, is a Japanese manga artist from Kōriyama, Fukushima.
He also could draw anything, make anything look exciting, and I actually think he was even faster than Jack."
Known for his lush, detailed inklines, Nebres' most prolific period was in the late 1970s and the 1980s.
While still attending Tsuru University, Nishi made her professional manga debut with her story Matte Iru yo in Shogakukan's manga magazine Petit Flower.
William Anthony "Tony" Auth, Jr., was an American editorial cartoonist and children's book illustrator.
Over the course of Orzechowski's career, he has lettered something on the order of 6,000 pages of Chris Claremont's scripts.
Glenn Thompson was an American book publisher and activist.
Kelvin Gosnell is a British comics writer and editor.
Goran Sudžuka is a Croatian comic book artist, known for his work on books such as Y: The Last Man, Hellblazer: Lady Constantine and Ghosted.
In addition to writing comics he has worked in television, video games and film, and began teaching writing at University of Oregon in Fall 2013.
Daisuke Satō was a Japanese board game designer, novelist, and manga writer.
He also draws the color webcomic Jazz Age Chronicles, a comic based in 1920s Boston.
Lee Weeks is an American comics artist known for his work on such titles as Daredevil.
An earlier strip, Rip Trousers, ran in the Kingston Whig-Standard in 1993 and 1994.
His cartoons were published in Best Editorial Cartoons of the Year: 2010 Edition By Charles Brooks
Hiromu Shinozuka is a Japanese manga artist.
He is more usually known as J. Edward Oliver or JEO and to his friends he was Jack.
Hilary Barta is an American comic book writer and artist.
Wheatley has written books, comic books, and television shows, and his illustrations have appeared in magazines, books, comic books, and games.
Les Contes Du Boudoir Hante 1-3, Delcourt, France, 2008-2010
He has mostly drawn covers since number 400th, but sometimes also draws stories, such as Tex #501 - 504.
Akaishi then attended Musashino Art University where she graduated with a degree in commercial plastic model design.
Robby Christopher Schrab is an American comic book creator, actor, comedian, writer, and film and television producer.
His comics writing credits include Saint Germaine, Baker Street and Deadworld.
Alex A. Schomburg, born Alejandro Schomburg y Rosa, was an American commercial artist and comic-book artist and painter whose career lasted over 70 years.
U-Jin is a Japanese manga artist specializing in lewd and pornographic manga.
Faith Erin Hicks is a Canadian cartoonist and animator living in Vancouver, British Columbia.
John Arcudi is an American comic book writer, best known for his work on The Mask and B.P.R.D., and his series Major Bummer.
Liam Roger Sharp is a British comic book artist, writer, publisher, and co-founder/CCO of Madefire Inc.
In 1978 he started his own greeting card company, Rubes Publications, featuring early renditions of his animal characters.
Cardy was inducted into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2005.
Brian Azzarello is an American comic book writer and screenwriter.
He later rose to vice president, operations and vice president, special projects.
Soon after, Chen saw an increase in popularity as media restrictions were relaxed following the Kaohsiung Incident.
Some of these stories featured Launchpad McQuack as the main character.
Francis Tsai was an American comic book artist, illustrator, author and conceptual artist.
He had a feel for the kind of satire that eventually spread everywhere."
Along with his inking partner, Ian Akin, Garvey worked on many superhero comics from 1982–1988.
He cites the art style of European comics Spirou et Fantasio, Asterix and Hergé's The Adventures of Tintin as influences upon his work.
He believed in the far-reaching role of cartoons in education and value formation.
His Dilbert series came to national prominence through the downsizing period in 1990s America and was then distributed worldwide.
She is the character designer for Koei's third Neoromance series, Kin'iro no Corda.
She is a faculty member at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, in 2011 offering a course in writing the graphic novel.
Kevin Brooks Eastman is an American comic book artist and writer, best known as the co-creator alongside Peter Laird of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
During World War II Olesen served as a B-24 pilot in the Burma campaign.
This characteristic might best be compared to that of another Dutch painter, Vermeer.
He is known for the post apocalyptic comic series Wasteland, the graphic novel The Coldest City, and his work on several Image Comics series.
In 1991, he promoted the formation of a group of young children's book illustrators called Ang Ilustrador ng Kabataan.
Rob Williams is a British comics writer, working mainly for 2000 AD.
Set in a medieval fantasy world, El Mercenario follows the adventures of a mercenary in his fight against evil.
Don Freeman was an American painter, printmaker, cartoonist, and an illustrator and writer of children's books.
Primarily known as a scripter for Archie Comics, he co-created that publisher's character Sabrina the Teenage Witch, with artist Dan DeCarlo.
Stelfreeze is a painter, penciller, inker and colorist and has worked for nearly every major American comic book publisher.
Angelo Torres is an American cartoonist and caricaturist whose work has appeared in many comic books, as well as a long-running regular slot in Mad.
Per historian and columnist Mark Evanier, Gill "wrote a staggering number of comics.
He briefly published a creator-owned series called The Tribe with Image Comics in the early 1990s.
Shane White is an American illustrator, comic book writer/artist and author from Massena, New York.
Héctor Germán Oesterheld, also known as his common abbreviation HGO, was an Argentine journalist and writer of graphic novels and comics.
Romberger is also a critic and writer for Publishers Weekly and the comics blog the Hooded Utilitarian.
Phil Winslade is a British comic book artist.
In 2003 he started his collaboration with Jay Lynch, and shortly after that with Harvey Pekar.
Yuhki Kamatani is a Japanese manga writer and illustrator from Hiroshima, Japan.
Peter Alan Laird is an American comic book writer and artist.
Alex Robinson is an American comic book writer and artist.
Taliaferro is best known for his work on the Donald Duck comic strip.
He is best known for his character Thrud the Barbarian, which originally appeared in White Dwarf magazine, and for his work for the Lobster Random comics.
Hiroya Oku is a manga artist who is the creator of Gantz, Zero One and HEN, all of which have been serialized in Weekly Young Jump.
Hans has lived in Syria, Canada, Marseille, France, Bonn, Germany, Beirut, Lebanon, Ankara, Turkey, Montreal, Quebec and most recently Beverly Hills, California.
Two of his works, Ningyo Hime no Kisu and Tsuki to Sakuranbo, have been published in French by Le Temeraire.
Shungiku Nakamura's distinct style of manga has been identified largely throughout Japanese and English yaoi fanbases.
In 1990, the New York Times described him as "the most influential editorial cartoonist now working".
Her debut short story, Ore-tachi no Zettai Jikan, was published in 1983 in Bessatsu Shōjo Comic and received the 1983 Shogakukan Grand Prize for new artists.
He ran his own publishing company, Ground Zero Graphics, which published The Shadowalker Chronicles in 1991.
He is best known for inking Rags Morales' pencils since 2002, most notably on the miniseries Identity Crisis.
He debuted as artist for Il Vittorioso in the late 1940s.
He graduated from New York University: Tisch School of Arts with a BFA in film studies.
Nick Anderson is a Pulitzer Prize-winning American syndicated editorial cartoonist whose cartoons typically present liberal viewpoints.
Walter Crawford Kelly, Jr., commonly known as Walt Kelly, was an American animator and cartoonist, best known for the comic strip Pogo.
Joseph Franz Hedwig Loeckx is a Belgian comic book artist.
She was soon selected to be in the top 10 of Hana to Yume Mangaka Course, and subsequently won the Big Challenge contest.
Frank Margerin is a French author and illustrator of comics.
Ryusuke Hamamoto, also known by pen name Ryu Moto, is a Japanese manga artist from Fukuoka Prefecture.
He was awarded the 1994 Russ Manning Most Promising Newcomer Award, and won four Eisner Awards, in 2000, 2001, 2006, and 2008.
Arnold Levin is an American cartoonist whose work has appeared in The New Yorker and elsewhere.
He and the webcomic have developed a large fanbase, and after leaving NASA, he became a professional webcomic artist.
In 2004, Hi-Horse Omnibus, comprising all new material, was published by Alternative Comics.
Alan Weiss is an American comics artist and writer known for his work for DC Comics and Marvel Comics.
Akane Ogura is a Japanese manga artist from Nagoya, Aichi Prefecture, Japan.
He is former publisher of Apple Comics and co-founder of Fantagraphics.
Cockrum was a prolific and inventive costume designer who updated the uniforms of the Legion of Super-Heroes.
Shinobu Kaitani is a manga artist from Kagoshima, Japan and a recipient of the 1991 Tezuka Award.
Traditional, also trash, naïve, cult, but still very old fashion.
Maurice De Bevere, better known as Morris, was a Belgian cartoonist, comics artist, illustrator and the creator of Lucky Luke.
He studied at Cooper Union and Columbia University, intending to becoming a writer.
After illustrating about 100 cartoons, he began pitching major and minor syndicates.
In May 2008 he announced he was quitting comics to concentrate full-time on videogames which "are more fun, pay better and have a brighter future."
Sowd began his comic book career as an inker for Top Cow, Marvel Comics, and DC Comics.
He is best know for his work for Marvel Comics and DC Comics as well as for his creator-owned projects.
Amongo died on August 10, 2005, at age 68, in Los Baños, Laguna, Philippines.
Bill Hinds is an American sports cartoonist, whose work includes the sports cartoon feature Buzz Beamer, and the syndicated comic strips Cleats and Tank McNamara.
He has also developed a reputation for his ability to do crowd scenes.
He has come to be celebrated as a master in his field and as one of the pioneering artists in Argentine modern comics.
He is best known for his work on titles like Conan, Punisher, Green Lantern, Villains United, Justice Society of America and Fantastic Four.
Mark Farmer is a British comic book artist.
Elder was inducted into the Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2003.
His sports cartoons appear in the Philadelphia Inquirer.
He also contributed to Gracia y Justicia, a periodical critical of Azaña, President of the Second Spanish Republic.
Rustemagić represents artists such as Hermann Huppen, Bane Kerac, and Joe Kubert.
He was one of the pioneers of the comic strip in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia in the interwar period.
Feister is a graduate of the Savannah College of Art and Design.
Jesús Redondo Román is a Spanish comic artist who has been published in many countries, including Spain, the UK, the Netherlands, Sweden and the United States.
In May 2013, Rob Balder announced that David would replace Xin Ye as the artist for Erfworld.
Shane McCarthy is an Australian writer best known for his comic book work.
Julie Delporte is a Canadian cartoonist and illustrator.
Joseph "Joe" Kubert was an American comic book artist, art teacher and founder of The Kubert School.
He followed up the Doubt series with two spiritual sequels, Judge and Secret, all connected by the recurring appearance of the iconic Rabbit mask from Doubt.
His notable works are The Cliff, My Wife's Memories and Beauty Water.
He won the second prize of the Youth Manga Awards in 1988, under the pen name Yahiro Kuon.
Jean-Jacques Sempé, usually known as Sempé, is a French cartoonist.
Iger is not related to comic book publisher Fred Iger.
He also produced work for American comic book publishers, including Charlton Comics, DC Comics and Marvel.
More recently, he has drawn Marvel's Spider-Man Loves Mary Jane.
Atsushi Suzumi is a Japanese manga artist.
Griffin was closely identified with the Grateful Dead, designing some of their best-known posters and album covers such as Aoxomoxoa.
He is best known for his self-published series COPRA and the Ultimate Marvel series All-New Ultimates.
BBC History Magazine: I Wish I’d Said That
Besides editing over thirty titles in ten years, Masulli co-created the Charlton characters Sarge Steel and the Son of Vulcan.
He is known for his detailed artwork which he used in 2000 AD stories like Rogue Trooper and Judge Dredd.
Scott Reed is an American illustrator, comic book artist and author from Reedsville, Ohio.
She has been an editor for Viz Media, working on over 20 manga series including Naruto, One Piece, Inuyasha and Case Closed.
He was the chief editorial cartoonist at the Boston Globe from 1967–2001 and has been syndicated to hundreds of newspapers worldwide.
The film, Tatsumi, is directed by Eric Khoo and The Match Factory is handling world sales.
Jim Salicrup is an American comic book editor, known for his tenures at Marvel Comics and Topps Comics.
Les Contes Du Boudoir Hante #2: Delcourt, France, October, 2008
His endeavors make him legendary; his abilities are feared and also revered by many.
Hari Tokeino is a Japanese shōjo manga artist.
He now resides in Hamilton, with his wife Wendi, and their daughters, Gillian and Jacqueline.
With a career of several commercially successful works, beginning with Urusei Yatsura in 1978, Takahashi is one of Japan's most affluent manga artists.
David T. Wenzel is an illustrator and children's book artist.
He recently illustrated two issues of Shadowpact for DC Comics, as well as two issues of Marvel's Irredeemable Ant-Man.
Rabagliati and director François Bouvier cowrote the film's screenplay.
He was born in Ottawa, Ontario, raised in Grande Prairie, Alberta, and lives in Oakland, California.
Sheldon Mayer was an American comics artist, writer, and editor.
Born in Cleveland, Ohio, Couchey enrolled in the Landon School of Illustration and Cartooning, a correspondence course out of Cleveland.
He was the founding editor of Gay Comix, and created the gay-themed strip Wendel and graphic novel Stuck Rubber Baby.
She has been drawing manga since kindergarten and cites Akira Toriyama and Mutsumi Inomata as influences.
He died in 2008, aged 83, having been confined to bed for a few months following a heart attack and a stroke.
As a journalist he has worked for Entertainment Weekly since 1998, most recently as the publication's television critic.
Wilson spent eleven years, from 1975 to 1986, chronicling The Thing's adventures through different comic titles.
In addition, Thompson made it his business to bring the work of European cartoonists to American readers.
Les has also been occasional freelance contributor to The Portland Mercury newspaper as an illustrator.
Beginning in 1937, he was employed as a writer for King Features Syndicate.
Mack is known for his unique painted and collage-like work.
In Rome he established a popular studio of comics artists called Studio Giolitti after him.
The series ran from 1981 until 2006.
Formosa entered the comics world in 1977 at the age of 18, he created four short stories for Pilote magazine.
Her works including Model and Arcana are licensed by Tokyopop.
Russell Patterson was a celebrated and prolific American cartoonist, illustrator and scenic designer.
Tony Lee is a British comics writer, screenwriter, audio playwright, and novelist.
His work has been included in "best of" anthologies featuring erotic comics, and received critical praise.
Esteban Maroto is a Spanish comic book artist.
In their review of Attitude 3, the American Library Association's Booklist called Fiore's cartoons a standout for their "unique and personal" vision.
He is also a writer and teacher.
Later, at Hanna-Barbera, Gordon worked on several cartoons featuring Yogi Bear, Huckleberry Hound, and others.
Aoi Hiiragi is a Japanese manga artist born in Kamifukuoka, Saitama Prefecture, Japan, though she grew up in Mibu, Shimotsuga, Tochigi Prefecture.
Simon Coleby is a British comic book artist who has worked mainly for British sci-fi comic 2000 AD and Marvel Comics.
Falk also wrote short stories, and he contributed to a series of pulp novels about The Phantom.
The Swiss art products company Caran d'Ache is named after him.
Zhang Leping was a Chinese comic artist born in Jiaxing, Zhejiang province.
Whitney as well had long runs on characters as diverse as the Western masked crime-fighter the Two-Gun Kid, and the career-girl character Millie the Model.
Ed Furness was a Canadian comic book artist associated with the "Canadian Whites", Canadian comic books published during World War II.
Christopher Jones is an American comic book artist living in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
In 1997 he created the first op-ed page comic strip for the New York Times, which ran monthly until 2000.
Teddy Kristiansen is a Danish comic book artist, known for his work in mystery, horror, and dark, suspense-filled comics.
Randolph Holton Holmes was a Canadian artist and illustrator probably best known for his work in underground comix.
By 1993 he began writing and illustrating books aimed at young readers, with several winning awards.
His success and long career have made him a reference point to the newer generations of political cartoonists in México.
Since 1986, he has been writing and drawing the syndicated comic strip Gasoline Alley for Tribune Media Services.
Adrian Alphona is a Canadian comic book artist best known for his work on Marvel Comics' Runaways, which he co-created with writer Brian K. Vaughan.
Moore was born in El Paso, Texas, and was a 1946 graduate of Austin High School in El Paso.
Within the comics community, he was also known as Woody, a name he sometimes used as a signature.
Colan was inducted into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2005.
Fábio Moon is a Brazilian comic book artist best known for his work on Casanova.
Animator Jed Schwartz of Jed Schwartz Productions is his son and type designer Christian Schwartz is his grandson.
In 1972, Yanagisawa won an honorable mention in the 4th Tezuka Shō Manga Story contest for his story Makeru na Kisaburō.
During this period, he also contributed cartoons to the satirical weekly Il Travaso delle idee.
His pieces demonstrate concern about the power of large corporations and satirize the way government has been corrupted by money.
He wrote the manga for Ruin Explorers which was made into an OVA in 1995.
and authoring comic book series published by Image Comics, IDW Publishing, and Dark Horse Comics.
He died in a hospital in Saint-Jérôme, Quebec, aged 86.
His work has appeared in The Stranger, The Comics Journal, The New York Times, The New York Press and other publications.
His past work includes Evil Ernie, Chastity and The Omen for Chaos!
He was assistant to Yasuki Tanaka, creator of Kagijin.
In 2012, Montgomery returned to Nickelodeon and the Avatar franchise as the supervising producer and storyboard artist for the sequel series The Legend of Korra.
Thorson is best known as the man who designed and named Bugs Bunny.
He provided much of the art work in the Clyde Crashcup #1 comic published by Dell.
He was a 2006 inductee into the Canadian comics creators Joe Shuster Hall of Fame.
Beginning in the 2000s, Zabel turned away from printed comics and begun making online digital comic strips.
Heroic Publishing later took on Murcielaga She-Bat for another six issues, but the new issues were limited to reprinting old Murcielaga adventures.
Santos worked as an art director at an advertising agency.
He is known for his frequent partnerships with writer/artist Walter Simonson and also for lettering the entire run of Grant Morrison/Rachel Pollack's Doom Patrol.
Paul Deliège was a Belgian artist and writer of comics, and was married with two children.
Yves Duval was a Belgian comics author who mainly worked for Tintin magazine, but also wrote comics, stories, and articles for other magazines.
In addition to cartooning, Tornoe writes for Editor & Publisher and Poynter Institute about the media and the business of syndication.
John Ostrander is an American writer of comic books, including Suicide Squad, Grimjack and Star Wars: Legacy.
He drew a story in Batman Annual #11, written by Alan Moore.
He is best known for his series Philémon.
Ifor Owen was a Welsh educator who was notable for writing, illustrating and publishing Hwyl, the first children's comic book in the Welsh language.
Richard Felton Outcault was an American cartoonist.
Loubert and Sim met in 1976 and were married from October 6, 1978 to August 20, 1983.
She is best known for the manga Fullmetal Alchemist, which became a hit both domestically and internationally, and was later adapted into two anime television series.
At DC Comics, he is known for co-creating the superhero Firestorm and others, and for writing the Justice League of America for eight years.
Pénélope Bagieu, is a French illustrator and comic designer.
He is also the co-creator of the Nickelodeon cartoon Pig Goat Banana Cricket.
In late 2010 Stegman's She-Hulks was launched.
Cruse was raised in Springville, Alabama, the son of a preacher and a homemaker.
His work on The Infinite Horizon with Gerry Duggan earned him an Eisner nomination for Best New Series.
His comic book art includes much work for Marvel Comics' 1950s forerunner, Atlas Comics.
Shinobu Ohtaka is a Japanese manga artist.
Kurtzman began to work on the New Trend line of comic books at EC Comics' in 1950.
Edvin Biuković was a Croatian comics artist.
Although not one of the big names in early comics, Neville did work on some important comics features from that era.
Following his departure, he did a variety of cartooning work, including editing the short-lived Trump and the self-published Humbug.
His most famous works include the series Blueberry, created with writer Jean-Michel Charlier, featuring one of the first anti-heroes in Western comics.
Mihona Fujii is a Japanese shōjo manga artist.
Vincent Deporter is an international Belgian artist who works in both comics and animation.
Some of his comic works included The Six Million Dollar Man, Logan's Run and Charlie's Angels.
The duo's second series Bakuman., was also successful with 15 million in circulation.
Mike Carey is a British writer of comic books, novels, and films.
Peter Allen David often abbreviated PAD, is an American writer of comic books, novels, television, movies and video games.
In October 2008, it was announced that Taral was the recipient of the annual Rotsler Award.
Hikaru Nakamura is a Japanese manga artist.
Andy Park is a Korean-American comic book artist, illustrator, and concept artist.
Her best-known work was Please Save My Earth, a 21-volume series concerning several alien scientists who are reincarnated as high school students in modern Tokyo.
Kaz joined SpongeBob SquarePants as a storyboard director and writer in 2001 during the production of the series' third season.
So far, three adventures were published, with a fourth left unfinished.
and the 2006 Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize Short Story Award for One Woman, Two Cats, Oi Piitan!
His series Boys on the Run was adapted into a live action film in 2010.
Wilder and Rechin began their Out of Bounds strip in 1986.
Kathleen Webb is an American comic book writer and artist and one of the first female writers for Archie Comics.
He is also a novelist and a poet.
Shane Davis is an American comic book artist best known for his work on Superman and Batman for DC Comics.
Alain Saint-Ogan was a French comics author and artist.
Adrian Bamforth is a British comic book artist who has worked for 2000 AD as well as producing work for British small press comics like FutureQuake.
Julietta Suzuki is a Japanese manga artist born in Fukuoka Prefecture.
He is best known as the co-creator of Robin and the Joker and for his work on behalf of creators' rights.
Frank M. Borth III was an American comic book artist.
Laura Molina, born December 15, 1957, is a Mexican-American artist, musician, and actress from Los Angeles, California.
Jerry Craft is an American cartoonist and children's book illustrator best known for his syndicated newspaper comic strip Mama's Boyz.
Leo Dorfman was an American writer of comic books throughout the Silver Age.
Benito Jacovitti was born in Termoli, Molise.
It was published by the Eros Comix imprint of Fantagraphics in 1992.
His most famous creation, however, is "Bamse", created in the 1960s, an often educational comic featuring "the world's strongest bear".
Rodier made frequent contributions to SAFARIR as well as freelance work for such clients as Tony Levin, Pat Mastelotto and Suzanne Vega.
Kiely now resides in Tucson, Arizona with her daughter.
Richard Sala is an American cartoonist, illustrator, and comic book creator with a unique expressionistic style whose books often combine elements of mystery, horror and whimsy.
Frederick Burr Opper is regarded as one of the pioneers of American newspaper comic strips, best known for his comic strip Happy Hooligan.
James Scancarelli, known professionally as Jim Scancarelli, is an American cartoonist and musician.
On September 18, 1993 it moved from national syndication to CBS Saturday morning children's lineup.
Her style gently satirises the English middle classes and in particular those of a literary bent.
Raeside founded and operated an animation company in 1988 to animate editorial cartoons for CBC Television.
He has worked for both DC Comics and Marvel Comics.
Heisler has also worked for Dark Horse Comics.
Alcaraz is also a performer, and is portraying a Mexican bounty hunter in the upcoming Bill Plympton & Jim Lujan feature animated film, Reveangance.
He also illustrated the series 9S, a sci-fi style action genre light novel.
However, after raising over $48,000, the project is over two years late rewarding his 1,800+ backers with no sign of completion in the future.
Illustrators such as Paul Pope, Sean Phillips, Tim Bradstreet, and John Cassaday have generated covers for Nelson's series.
Mokona is the pen name of the lead artist, colorist, and composition designer of the all-female manga-creating team Clamp.
She was born July 17 in Taipei, Taiwan, and is published by Tong Li Comics.
Peter Milligan is a British writer known for his work in comic books, film, and television.
Simon Christopher Francis Furman is a British comic book writer best known for his work on the Transformers franchise.
Angus McKie is an artist who has worked as a colorist in the comics industry.
She gave her readers characters that were like them, "teenaged Japanese girls dealing with friendships, family, school, and, yes, falling in love."
She studied at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts in Saint-Étienne, at the OCAD University in Toronto, and at the ESI in Angoulême.
It was also around this time he began doing tattooing.
Later she founded the publishing company Astorina, which launched Diabolik on November 1, 1962.
Chynna Clugston Flores is an American comic book creator known for her manga-influenced teen comedy series Blue Monday.
Frédérik Peeters is a contemporary Swiss graphic novelist.
Hideko Mizuno is one of the first successful female Japanese shōjo manga artists.
She created the webcomic Saturnalia, and has worked as a penciller on Simpsons Comics and The Last Airbender: Prequel: Zuko's Story graphic novel.
Eric Holmes is a Scottish writer, creative director and videogame designer.
He also designed the characters for the video game and anime series Gungrave, and has been working on the manga Blood Blockade Battlefront.
He now illustrates a series called NERDS by Michael Buckley.
Other notable works include The Black Coat, Dynamite's Zorro series, and his recent run on Detective Comics with Scott Snyder and Jock.
Simon Bisley is a British comic book artist best known for his 1990s work on ABC Warriors, Lobo and Sláine.
Kunihiko Tanaka is a Japanese manga artist and character designer.
Dash Shaw is a U.S. comic book writer/artist and animator.
In 1965, Bolling was relieved of his duties on Little Archie and moved to the regular Archie comics.
Leinil Francis Yu is a Filipino comic book artist, who began working for the American market through Wildstorm Productions.
Joe Sinnott is an American comic book artist.
Yellow Tanabe is a Japanese manga artist.
Since finishing Kare Kano, she worked on the series Chotto Edo Made which appeared in LaLa from May 2008 through August 2011.
Paul Jason Holden is a Northern Irish comic artist based in Belfast.
His work includes titles such as Captain Marvel, Avengers, Incredible Hulk, Captain America, Ms. Marvel, Deadpool, Supreme Power and Marvel Adventures Fantastic Four.
This game was later turned into an anime.
Ditko was inducted into the comics industry's Jack Kirby Hall of Fame in 1990, and into the Will Eisner Award Hall of Fame in 1994.
He is notable for his work in the satirical magazine Mad, including his trademark feature, the Mad Fold-in.
Michel Kichka is an Israeli cartoonist and illustrator of Belgian origin.
Scott McDaniel is an American comics artist who has drawn numerous books, including Marvel Comics' "Fall from Grace" storyline for the Daredevil series.
He inked most of the 1990s Milestone Media series Icon.
He also began the heroic fantasy series Légendes du Chevalier Cargal in this magazine in 1982.
Sean Kelley McKeever is an American comic book writer.
She is the former assistant of manga artist Masashi Asaki of Psychometrer Eiji fame.
He was born in 1983 in Tehran, and grew up in an art-centered family.
She describes her work as "clean line style" that has been compared to Aubrey Beardsley and Jaime Hernandez.
Her two-volume work Me and My Ainia won a 2008 Outstanding Comics Award from the Institute for Compilation and Translation of Taiwan.
Henderson was born in Woodstock, New York.
Orchard was awarded silver in the comics category in Spectrum 17.
Caza, the pseudonym of Philippe Cazaumayou, is a French comics artist.
Sanchez has created and written such titles as Impossible Tales, Foxwood Falcons, J.A.A.T., and Genie the Genius, which was co-created with former NFL quarterback Boomer Esiason.
He took some white paint, cleaned up the blood from the artwork and went home.
Her current completed work is Gakuen Alice.
Jonathan Vankin is an American author, journalist and comic book writer/editor.
Revisiting the character somewhat, he became the regular artist on Teen Titans.
She also serves as a Young Leaders Committee board member at the youth organization Seeds of Peace.
Tony Harris is an American comic book artist, known for his work on series such as Starman, Iron Man, and Ex Machina.
Ex-Machina was recognized with multiple Eisner Award nominations and won the 2005 Eisner award for Best New Series.
In 2007, he and artist Shane White collaborated on The Overman, an apocalyptic noir science fiction mini-series published by Image Comics.
Rei Omishi is a Japanese screenwriter and manga artist.
He started at Newsday in 1956 in the advertising department and became a cartoonist for the paper the following year.
Magnus, pseudonym of Roberto Raviola, was an Italian comic book artist, regarded as one of the foremost cartoonists of all time in his country.
A prominent writer/artist in the 1990s, he has since been called one of the most controversial figures in the comic industry.
Kathleen L Worley was an American comic book writer best known for her work on Omaha the Cat Dancer.
He has also collaborated with Image Comics co-founder Todd McFarlane on the series Haunt.
Together, using the name "Overland Vegetable Stagecoach," they worked on Mother's Oats Funnies, published by Rip Off Press from 1970–1976.
He had worked in comics for so many years and that was where he made a name for himself.
It was also adapted into English and released to Blu-ray.
Allan McDonald is a Honduran editorial cartoonist.
He has also taught courses on the production of comics at the University of Paris VIII: Vincennes—Saint-Denis.
Brown also penciled the DC title Challengers of the Unknown, taking over from Jack Kirby, from 1959 to 1968.
Brett Breeding is an American comic book artist who was active in the industry in the 1980s and 1990s, primarily as an inker.
He wrote a two-part Liberty Girl story for the latter, the first of which was released in Liberty Comics # 1, September 2007.
He designed a character for Namco Bandai's Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 fighting game, Soulcalibur IV named Shura.
It began in 1960 and continues in syndication, drawn by his son Jeff Keane.
He was also a writer on the CW TV series Ringer and Star-Crossed and currently writes for the CBS TV series Zoo.
He edited and wrote large parts of the first three issues and continues to contribute scripts.
Damion Scott is a comic book artist and writer, known for his work on books such as Batman, Robin, and Batgirl, Web of Spider-Man, and Duppy.
Raju Nair is an Indian newspaper cartoonist.
Balent has also drawn Batman and Lobo for DC Comics, as well as some of the issues of Purgatori for the independent comic book publisher Chaos!
He owns a clothing and accessories business called Santastic!, and has done artwork on several music album covers.
Alcaraz also consults on films, including Pixar's Coco, coming 2017.
It was first published by Tong Li Comics in 2003 and has been released in Hong Kong, Taiwan, Italy, France and Russia.
Brian Pulido is a creator, writer and producer of comic books and films.
Additionally, Maurer created and authored newspaper puzzles, including "Challenger," a number puzzle which was published by King Features Syndicate twenty times per month.
He is best known for his work on titles such as Harley Quinn, Trouble, Marvel Knights Spider-Man, Wonder Woman and Uncanny X-Men.
Nelson's style has been described as "carefully articulated".
Best known for his work in the comics field, Cook was art director and designer for the British comic 2000 AD.
Domingo Roberto Mandrafina, also called Cacho Mandrafina, is an Argentine comics artist.
He was posthumously inducted into the comic book industry's Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame and the Jack Kirby Hall of Fame.
Nao Yazawa is a Japanese manga artist born in Tokyo, Japan.
In 2013, Hickman wrote a six-part miniseries, Infinity, plus Avengers tie-ins for Marvel Comics.
Annie Parkhouse has been one of the leading letterers in British comics for over 30 years.
He was also nominated for the 2006 Russ Manning Most Promising Newcomer Award.
With writer Otto Binder, he co-created the DC characters Supergirl and Brainiac, as well as the teenage team the Legion of Super-Heroes.
Dany, pseudonym for Daniel Henrotin is a Belgian comic book artist, best known for Olivier Rameau and Ça vous intéresse?.
He began publishing his Captain Canuck comic book series  in early 1975.
Origa in Milan became friends with the painter Fernando Carcupino, with him discuss a lot about erotica arts in the tavern "Risotteria".
Clayton Henry is a comic book artist, known mostly for his work for Marvel Comics.
Giard is mostly known for his bold, intense drawings of fat Tintin reproductions, nudes, cars and portraits.
He is considered part of the Pop Surrealism, Lowbrow Art Movement and Art and Designer Toys movement.
Miwa sometimes publishes under the circle name of m.m.m.
Koi Turnbull is an American comic book artist, known for his work with DC Comics, Marvel, Aspen MLT's Fathom.
She won the 1983 Kodansha Manga Award for general manga for P.S.
Higuchi Tachibana is a Japanese manga artist known for her works of Gakuen Alice and Portrait of M and N.
Russell Dauterman is an American comic book illustrator known for work on Supurbia for Boom!
Crumb was born in Woodland, California and lived in the nearby farming town of Winters with her parents until she was nine years old.
Also for The Champion, he wrote football serial "Danny of the Dazzlers" under the pseudonym John Marshall, and "Colwyn Dane" as Mark Grimshaw.
During this time he began to illustrate covers for books such as Comico's Jonny Quest comic series.
Ingels' flair for horror led EC to promote him as Ghastly Graham Ingels, and he began signing his work "Ghastly" in 1952.
Bill White died at his home in Scituate, Massachusetts on the evening of October 27, 2012.
Zarate studied architecture and had a successful career in advertising in Argentina.
He is working for 2000 AD and Titan Books in the United Kingdom, and DC Vertigo, IDW Publishing and Image Comics in the United States.
His other work includes Faction Paradox, and writing Marvel's Exiles and Millennium Visions.
Gaspar Saladino was an American letterer and logo designer who worked for more than sixty years in the comic book industry, mostly for DC Comics.
Bhaskaran Nair, a businessman from Pala, in 1949.
In August 2010, Pariah, a dark comedic look at people surviving a zombie onslaught, was published by Tor Books.
Paul Neary is a British comic book artist, writer and editor.
Goseki Kojima was a Japanese manga artist.
Afterwards, Formosa went to work in the advertising and animation field creating the original character design for Totally Spies.
She received the 2008 Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo manga for Boku no Hatsukoi o Kimi ni Sasagu.
Ron J. Wagner is an American comics artist who has drawn for titles such as G.I.
David "Dave" McKean is an English illustrator, photographer, comic book artist, graphic designer, filmmaker and musician.
Suzuhito Yasuda, is a Japanese manga artist and illustrator.
N.M. Mohan was an Indian comics writer, editor, magazine and advertisement designer, visualiser and architectural consultant.
She has previously worked on series published by IDW Publishing, Girl Scouts of the USA and 803 Studios.
is currently serializing in Hakusensha's monthly shōjo manga magazine, LaLa.
She is based in Wellington, and had a role in establishing the 91 Aro St Gallery, organising the New Zealand Comics Weekend and the Eric Awards.
He was the first full-time newspaper editorial cartoonist in Canada.
She taught at Kyoto Seika University's Faculty of Manga.
Paul Pope is an American alternative comic book writer/artist.
He is a graduate of Oberlin College and Pratt Institute.
Romberger has long contributed work in the comics medium to alternative publications such as World War 3 Illustrated.
More recently, April 2010 saw Warner Bros. using Cook's comic book logo for The Losers film campaign.
His work include the manhua series Confidential Assassination Troop, which is about the approach of World War Three and the communications war which proceeds it.
Branislav "Bane" Kerac is a popular Serbian comic book creator, known best for his series Cat Claw.
He later founded the political comic Anarchy Comics, which was published sporadically by Last Gasp between 1978 and 1987.
Milk Morinaga is a female Japanese yuri manga artist born in Tokyo, Japan.
Sleen was one of the most celebrated comics artists in his home country.
Allan "Al" Jaffee is an American cartoonist.
Thomas was inducted into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2011.
She was a writer and performer for the science fiction comedy radio program Shockwave Radio Theater.
Patterson’s art deco magazine illustrations helped develop and promote the idea of the 1920s and 1930s fashion style known as the flapper.
He created the Eustace Tilley cover portrait and the New Yorker typeface.
His "Figurative Social Surrealist" paintings reflect on the human condition, economic inequality, injustice, and alienation from the natural world.
His comic book career after Superman was relatively unsuccessful, and by the mid-1970s Shuster had left the field completely due to partial blindness.
He is best known to American comic book readers as a writer and editor for Marvel Comics, where he wrote the licensed comic book series G.I.
Mike DeCarlo is an American comics artist.
Hinako Ashihara is a female Japanese manga artist.
Karine Haaland is a Norwegian comic strip creator, animator and illustrator, known for the comic strip Piray.
Klaus Nordling was an American writer-artist for American comic books.
In a 1999 interview, he remembered one challenging MAD assignment:
In 1980, he retired to Rutland, Vermont.
Moving to National Periodical Publications in 1958, Gattel worked as executive vice president Irwin Donenfeld's assistant from 1958–1968, rising to production coordinator in 1968.
Since approximately 1996, he has worked under the pen name of Salgood Sam which is derived from a reverse spelling of his name.
With an interview with Tokyopop she gave a detailed look on how she started as a manga artist:
In 2008 it made its debut as a TV series The Middleman.
Wilson is herself Muslim, and writes Ms. Marvel, a comic series starring a 16-year-old Muslim shapeshifter superhero named Kamala Khan.
In 2005 she published a collection of her work entitled One Nation, Under Surveillance.
Influenced by such illustrative comic-strip artists as Hal Foster and Alex Raymond, Katz attended the School of Industrial Art in New York City.
Wallace Allan Wood was an American comic book writer, artist and independent publisher, best known for his work on EC Comics's Mad and Marvel's Daredevil.
Carol Tyler is an American painter, educator, comedian, and eleven-time Eisner Award-nominated cartoonist known for her autobiographical stories.
Gertler is the publisher of About Comics, and founded an annual cartoonists' challenge, 24 Hour Comics Day.
He produced several dozen editorial cartoons published on the web, appearing on such sites as The Libertarian Enterprise [2], RationalReview.Com [3], and KeepAndBearArms.Com [4].
Hans G. Kresse was a Dutch cartoonist.
Yanwari Kazama was a Japanese manga artist.
Her work has appeared in The Best American Comics, An Anthology of Graphic Fiction, Kramer's Ergot, and The Graphic Cannon.
Outside of comic books, Kleid has written columns for online writer resource Scryptic Studios, and online websites PopCultureShock.com, PopImage.com, Newsarama.com, and SequentialTart.com.
His pen-name, Mizuki, comes from the time when he managed an inn called 'Mizuki Manor' while he drew pictures for kamishibai.
Her Himitsu - Top Secret has been recommended twice by the Japan Media Arts Festival jury in 2007 and 2008.
He was best known for his long-run daily syndicated panel, Out Our Way.
In 2003, he sold Antarctic to start his own development company, Sentai Studios.
Sakura Kinoshita is a Japanese manga artist.
Kirby returned to Marvel briefly in the mid-to-late 1970s, then ventured into television animation and independent comics.
José Delbo is an Argentine comic book artist.
Stamaty was commissioned to provide an illustration for the interior of retailer Sonos's new store in New York City's SoHo district, which opened in July 2016.
Dean John Douglas Alston is an Australian cartoonist who became the editorial cartoonist of The West Australian newspaper in 1986.
In 2007, Whitney was one of two comics creators inducted into the comic-book industry's Will Eisner Award Hall of Fame, as a "Judges Choice".
Craig Elliott is an illustrator, visual development artist and layout artist who works in the animation industry.
During this time he produced a number of striking cover illustrations along with its distinctive, iconic logo still in use to this day.
She worked for some time with Sailor Moon author Naoko Takeuchi.
He is best known for directing the 2015 anime, Charlotte.
Joseph Young, Jr. is a nationally recognized African-American cartoonist and animator, who runs the Hartford Animation & Film Institute.
Jesse Blaze Snider is a comic book writer, voice-over actor, TV/radio host, and rock musician.
Pat Broderick is an American comics artist known for his work on the Micronauts.
For the folksinger, songwriter and actor, Bob Camp, see: Hamilton Camp.
Matt Kindt is an American comic book writer, artist and graphic designer.
She was a vice president for General Products, USA from 1989–1990 and was briefly a guest editor for Wizard.
In 2013, he illustrated the four-issue "Skin Trade," the comic adaptation of the George R.R.
He has been nominated for multiple Harvey Awards.
A full-length animated feature on the life and short stories of Yoshihiro Tatsumi was released in 2011.
Nakajo came in 39th in the 2007 Most Searched Mangaka Names by the Japanese search engine, goo.
It is a story about three dysfunctional families.
Ema Tōyama is a female Japanese manga artist and illustrator.
Guy Davis is an American illustrator known for his work on various comic properties along with conceptual design for film, television and video game projects.
She won the 1995 Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo for Sekai de Ichiban Yasashii Ongaku.
Along with Allen, Leib was also a founding member of the Grammy-nominated band Rubber Rodeo, which recorded two albums for Mercury Records.
Angela and Luciana Giussani were two Italian sisters, famous for their comic book anti-hero series, Diabolik.
Bill Jemas is an American media entrepreneur, writer, and editor.
In 1952 he became editor of The Champion while Smith launched a new title, Lion.
He is best remembered as the creator of one of Australia's longest running children's shows Mr. Squiggle.
He owns a 1980s Toyota Sprinter Trueno with a panda white color scheme, like Initial D's main character Takumi.
In 1999 the Japan Comic Artists Association awarded Ueda a prize.
As of autumn 2010, Amano's work releases have been shifted from a monthly schedule to a seasonal one owing to pregnancy and subsequent childcare.
She married Roy Thomas in May 1981 and legally changed her first name from Danette in the early 1980s.
He is the brother of Brendan McCarthy.
– is an American comic book artist, who created the comic book series Ant.
However, the enrolled has drastically reduced to 663 students.
Alan Barnes is a British writer and editor, particularly noted for work in the field of cult film and television.
Marty Links was an American cartoonist best known for her syndicated comic strip Emmy Lou.
Peter Andrewes "Andy" Schmidt is a comic book editor and writer.
In 1998 he began to work with Pacheco, inking his layouts on titles such as Avengers Forever, Superman/Batman and Green Lantern.
He is best known for his work on Red Robin, Huntress and Soulfire.
He has spoken frequently in support of mentoring, and the need for hands-on education in the entertainment industry.
Hudnall and co-creator Andrew Paquette sued Carter and Fox Television when they failed to give them credits on the show.
Pontiac died on 20 January 2015, after a lengthy battle with severe liver disease.
Don Perlin is an American comic book artist and occasional writer best known for Marvel Comics' Werewolf by Night, The Defenders, and Ghost Rider.
When Frank was four years old, he moved with his parents to 1710 Superior Avenue in Tomah, Wisconsin, where they operated their family general store.
Having illustrated a wide range of series, Bercovici is perhaps most known for Les Femmes en Blanc written by Cauvin, started in 1981.
He is most famous for creating the character Werner.
He was inducted into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2002.
", "The Mean Arena" and "Rogue Trooper", as well as numerous "Tharg the Mighty" stories and "Future Shocks".
Matt Brandstein is an American writer and occasional Bollywood film actor.
She was for a time the highest-paid female illustrator in the world upon the success of the Kewpie dolls.
The pseudonym was used since he was writing for a rival magazine at the time.
Lee Marrs is an American cartoonist and animator, and one of the first female underground comix creators.
Noboru Kawasaki is a Japanese manga artist.
Patrice Killoffer, better known simply as Killoffer, is a writer and artist of comics.
Joe: A Real American Hero, The Incredible Hulk, The Further Adventures of Indiana Jones, and X-Factor.
She writes primarily for the teenage girl market, specializing in comedy, drama and romance.
She is known as a social manga artist, and is a good friend of fellow manga artists Naoko Takeuchi, Ai Yazawa, Miho Obana, and Megumi Mizusawa.
As a contributor to the underground comix movement, his work appeared regularly in Zap Comix.
Simultaneously, Wolfer began freelancing with other companies such as Dark Horse Comics, London Night Studios, Chaos!
David Chester "Dave" Gibbons is an English comic book artist, writer and sometimes letterer.
He briefly returned to DC Comics in the 1970s.
He has won an Eisner Award on six separate occasions.
Tom and Mary Bierbaum are an American husband-and-wife writing team, known for their work on the DC comic book Legion of Super-Heroes.
Lee Moyer is an American painter, illustrator, graphic designer, and Web designer.
He created the character Bucky O'Hare, which was developed into a comic book, a toy line and television cartoon.
She was born June 16, 1970 in New Brunswick, Canada, and presently lives there.
His square-sized short stories were collected in the 2005 book GoddessHead published by Hidden Agenda Press.
Launched in 2002, La Cucaracha has become one of the most controversial in the history of American comic strips.
After serving in the U.S. Navy, he graduated from Vesper George Art School in Boston.
Francis Manapul is a Filipino-Canadian comic book artist and writer.
Ernest Paul "Ernie" Bushmiller, Jr. was an American cartoonist, best known for creating the daily comic strip Nancy.
Shirley and Son, about life after divorce, debuted in 2000 and also ended after Bittle's death.
He is now working for Marvel Comics.
Dan Fraga is a Film Director and comic book artist.
His clients include Marvel Comics, the CBLDF, Harris Publications and McGraw-Hill.
Murray Olderman is an American sports cartoonist and writer.
In 1977, Cruse moved to New York City, where he met Eddie Sedarbaum, his life partner, whom he married after moving to North Adams, Massachusetts.
His work displays a nostalgia for American folk culture of the late 19th and early 20th centuries, and satire of contemporary American culture.
Michal Dutkiewicz is a professional illustrator and comic book artist based in Adelaide, South Australia.
He's especially good at working large blocks of text into his work without making it seem text-heavy."
He's also an artist of hentai manga, and this influence can be seen even in his non-hentai works like Kamikaze and Daphne in the Brilliant Blue.
Neugebauer is considered one of the founders of comics in Croatia, along with Andrija Maurović.
After Angela's death in 1987, Luciana carried on directing the publisher and writing many of Diabolik's episodes.
Gil Formosa is a French cartoonist and an illustrator.
It won the 10th Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize for best creative work in 2006, and the 31st Kodansha Manga Award for general manga in 2007.
Vaughan was a writer, story editor and producer of the television series Lost during seasons three through five.
Cutie B #1: Dargard, France, March, 2008
Wilson was the creator of the comic strip Ziggy, which he drew from 1971 to 1987.
Fumi Yoshinaga is a Japanese manga artist known for her shōjo and shōnen-ai works.
During the course of his career, Bruzenak has been closely associated with both Chaykin and Jim Steranko.
Bertel Bruun was a naturalist, international conservationist and neurologist.
His comic strip "Poor Sailor," originally published in Kramers Ergot #4, was subsequently included in The Best American Nonrequired Reading in 2004.
Gaetano Liberatore, better known as Tanino Liberatore, is an Italian comics author and illustrator.
Robert's mother Phylis worked as a housewife while his father worked locally as a steelworker.
Sergio Cariello is a Brazilian-American comic book artist.
Justiniano has done artwork on such DC titles as 'The Human Race', 'Beast Boy', 'Day of Vengeance'.
The majority of his work tend to be about motorcycles with the exception of SS which is centralised about cars
Cocoa Fujiwara was a Japanese manga author and illustrator from Fukuoka Prefecture.
in the weekly Shōjo Comic, for which she won a Shogakukan New Artist Award.
Eugene "Zim" Zimmerman was a Swiss-American cartoonist.
[1] Most of his cartoons were printed in Canadian Tribune.
He produced a film about Milton Caniff in 1981.
In 1990 he created The Other Coast comic strip which features two dogs and looks at life from a dog's perspective.
Viz Media localized the manga for the North American market, and have released all 27 volumes in English as of October, 2015.
In September 2011, DC is launching a new Superman series written by George Pérez with art by Pérez and Merino.
Craig Rousseau is an American comic book artist.
Cliff Robinson is a British comic book artist, probably best known for his cover work on 2000 AD, and contributions to the Judge Dredd strip.
His final published work appeared in The Wall of Years by Andrew M. Stephenson in 1979.
He worked in the realistic style associated with Stan Drake, Leonard Starr, et al.
He was born in East Cleveland, Ohio.
Her Honey Honey no Suteki na Bouken was adapted as an internationally popular anime television series, licensed in English as Honey Honey on CBN Cable Network.
With Raymond Leblanc he established Tintin magazine in 1946, through which he serialised new Adventures of Tintin stories.
Okazaki is one of the early forebears of the gyaru manga style.
His strip was nationally syndicated and internationally syndicated in 1965.
daily strip from 1983 until DiPreta's retirement in 2000.
In the late 1990s, Igarashi became involved in a number of legal battles related to her intellectual property rights as an illustrator.
Imperial Guards was nominated for the Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize in 2007 and for the first Manga Taishō in 2008.
In 1989, she stepped down as publisher and assumed the title of editor-in-chief while retaining the office of president.
Patrick "Pat" Olliffe is an American comic book artist and penciller.
As the magazine's artistic director, he also oversaw the publication of other successful comics series, such as Edgar P. Jacobs' Blake and Mortimer.
His stories, often involving, sex, drugs, and alcohol, have been compared to those of Jack Kerouac, Ken Kesey, and Charles Bukowski.
Rick Geary is an American cartoonist and illustrator.
He became well known in the industry in the 1980s for his work on DC Comics' The New Teen Titans.
Davide Fabbri is a comic book artist.
She was largely responsible for coloring the Batman line - throughout the 1980s and early 1990s.
He also illustrated left wing publications like the screenplay for Eight Men Speak.
Jordi Bernet Cussó is a Spanish comics artist, best known for the gangster comics series Torpedo and Jonah Hex.
Neal Pozner, sometimes credited as Neil Pozner, was an award-winning art director, editor, and writer known for his work in the comic book industry.
She also did art for three issues of The Hardy Boys manga-style series at Papercutz.
Dale Lazarov is an openly gay American comics writer and poet.
He was nominated for two Harvey Awards in 2003, and won the 2009 Independent Book Publishers Association's Benjamin Franklin Award for Graphic Novel.
James "Jim" H. Williams III, usually credited as J. H. Williams III, is a comics artist and penciller.
A Novel in Pictures;a wordless, dream-like narrative of powerless citizens' struggles with authority in a rapidly deteriorating New York City—which won an American Book Award.
She is often referred to by the nickname "Weezie".
Philip Eustice Blaisdell, better known as Tex Blaisdell, was an American comic strip artist and comic book editor.
Sean Chen is an Asian American comic book artist.
Michel Tacq, or Mitacq, was an author of Belgian comics.
Fletcher has taught children and adults the art of cartooning in the east coast of Australia and Ireland.
Gerald "Jerry" Joseph Bingham, Jr. is an American artist who has worked in the fields of comic books, commercial illustration, and design.
Stefano Tamburini was an Italian graphic artist, comics author and magazine publisher.
McDull, The Alumni, was released in early 2006.
In the mid-1950s he was a key proponent and custodian of the comic book censorship guidelines known as the Comics Code Authority.
His daily vignettes for ABC brought him fame, with each one containing a trademark little dog that soon became known as "el perrito de Xaudaró."
Jacques Lob was a French comic book creator, known for several comics creations, including Superdupont.
James Sherman is an artist known for his work in American comic books, movies and logos.
Keitarou Takahashi is a Japanese manga artist.
Snyder wrote and drew his first project, Fashion in Action, published by Eclipse Comics in 1987.
Dale Eaglesham is a Canadian comic book illustrator who has been working in the American industry since 1986.
Carla Speed McNeil is an American science fiction writer, cartoonist, and illustrator of comics, best known for the science fiction comic book series Finder.
He was not directly involved in The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show, however.
Some of his instructors during that time were Tom Gill and Tarzan comic strip illustrator Burne Hogarth.
Todd Nauck is an American comic book artist and writer.
Clifford Lawrence Meth is an American writer, editor, and publisher best known for his dark fiction, as well as his publishing imprint Aardwolf Publishing.
In the first volume of The Ravages of Time, he described his lack of interest in the current mainstream comic book market.
Baruti is the co-founder of the Atelier de Création et de l'Initiation à l'Art to encourage talented youth in Kinshasa.
His work has appeared in The New York Times, The New Yorker, Spin, Mother Jones, Esquire, The Economist, and The American Prospect.
Kleid has worked on marketing campaigns for Comedy Central and Miramax Films, and his work has appeared in Variety and The New York Times.
He has worked for more than 30 years as a professional artist, ranging from daily newspaper comic strips to animated cartoons.
Yves Sente is a Belgian comic book editor and author.
As part of the comics creator group Man of Action Studios, Casey is one of the creators of the animated series Ben 10.
She also had a short manga series Yūto about long track speed skating that ran in Weekly Shōnen Jump in 2005.
Paul Tucker is a Canadian visual artist and illustrator of graphic novels and webcomics.
Joe: A Real American Hero, Popgun volume 1 from Image Comics, which won the 2008 Harvey Award for Best Anthology.
Cary Burkett is an American radio broadcaster and former comic book writer best known for co-creating the DC Comics character Nemesis with artist Dan Spiegle.
Most of his work was for Charlton Comics, where he co-created the superheroes Captain Atom, Peacemaker, and Judomaster, among others.
Wayne Wright Howard was an African-American comic book artist.
Seko has received great acclaim for having a unique style that is unequaled to most comic-books written within his genre.
He is the author of the graphic novels Cosplayers, Doctors, New School, and Bottomless Belly Button, published by Fantagraphics.
He also wrote a number of books, including novelisations of the TV series Freewheelers, and of the film Digby, the Biggest Dog in the World.
In 1996, she was hired by Pixar after submitting her short feature reel entitled The Eclipse without submitting her resume; her reel focused on human relationships.
He has also supervised, co-written and illustrated three Bastard!!
During World War II, Chmielewski served in the Home Army and took part in the Warsaw Uprising.
He worked as an editorial cartoonist for more than 25 years in Sonoma.
She won the 1st Kodansha Manga Award in 1977 as the artist of Candy Candy.
Naoshi Komi is a Japanese manga artist.
He was 22 years old when he worked on the baseball strip Big Ben in 1912.
Kody Chamberlain is an American comic book artist.
Inachū takkyū-bu, known in English as Ping-Pong Club, published in Young Magazine.
Peter Jackson directed the whole production, while other unit directors included Alun Bollinger, John Mahaffie, Geoff Murphy, Fran Walsh, Barrie Osborne, and Rick Porras.
Akiko Higashimura is a Japanese manga artist from Miyazaki, Japan.
He specializes in making comic adaptations of literature classics.
He is best known for his work at Marvel and is now editing and writing at other companies.
Tommy Lee Edwards is an American illustrator.
Briggs won the 1966 and 1973 Kate Greenaway Medals from the British Library Association, recognising the year's best children's book illustration by a British subject.
Izumi Kazuto is a female Japanese manga artist.
Lee described Brodsky as "my assistant for years and the company's production head.
At Marvel, where he worked for twenty years, he edited books such as The Uncanny X-Men, Fantastic Four, Avengers and various Spider-Man titles.
Most of his works are published by MediaWorks and serialized in their Dengeki Comic Gao!
In his spare time, he freelanced cartoons to magazines.
In 1977, Darcy left editorial cartooning and created a weekly page of social commentary and reporting called "Tom Darcy on Long Island".
He owns and operates a small press publishing company, Giant in the Playground, which he formed to publish his comic work.
He is the co-owner the Family Bookstore in Los Angeles, and the co-founder of Cinefamily.
In 1969 he was elected to the Society of Illustrators' Hall of Fame.
His artwork featured a fluid animation-inspired drawing style coupled with clear, clean layouts well-suited to the book.
From 2000 he is under contract with French comic book publisher Soleil Productions.
Olesen also illustrated a few Phantom stories for the Scandinavian Phantom comics, which he both pencilled and inked.
A heavy smoker who suffered from emphysema, she may also have contracted silicosis from her ceramics materials.
He was first published as a comic author at the age of 16 in Pistil.
He also created the comic strip Mudpie [1].
Rall would later write the foreword to Attack of the 50-Foot Mikhaela!, a collection of Reid's editorial cartoons.
In 2006 Higurashi was the feature of an exhibition of his works at the Matsudo Cultural Hall.
Harry Lucey was an American comic artist best known for his work in MLJ and Archie Comics.
She writes primarily for Shogakukan in the shōjo manga magazine Betsucomi.
He was formerly assistant/student of Jun Sadogawa.
James Guilford Swinnerton was an American cartoonist and a landscape painter of the Southwest deserts.
Don Conway Wright is an American editorial cartoonist.
Lutes was born in New Jersey, but his family soon relocated to Missoula, Montana.
Her comics combined exaggerated fantasy and ribald humor with documentation of her life in the Mission District of San Francisco, California.
Her other works include Omishi Magical Theater: Risky Safety and Maze.
He drew on the syndicated comic strip Little Orphan Annie until it was canceled on June 13, 2010.
Oh Seong-dae is a South Korean webtoon artist.
Slampyak was born in Philadelphia and is a 1987 graduate of Temple University's Tyler School of Art.
Howard Mackie is an American comic book editor and writer.
Maurice Rosy, is a Belgian comics writer who also worked as artistic director of Spirou magazine during its golden period.
He is most famous for the Yoko Tsuno comic series.
His highly stylized, ligne claire illustration, inspired by the films of Jacques Tati and whodunits of the 1950s and 1960s, gradually gained an audience.
At Alicante, he studied at the Parrilla academy and worked in a post office.
Paul Sylvan Newman was an American writer of comic books, comic strips, and books, whose career spanned the 1940s to the 1990s.
He was, at his retirement, the longest-serving Marvel editor-in-chief other than Stan Lee.
He is best known for his work for Marvel Comics on their various "cosmic" titles, most particularly the Silver Surfer series.
Gold is based on Ann Major's novel, "Secret Child."
Cartoonist Johnny Hart, his co-creator, continued writing the strip until his death on April 7, 2007.
He has also used the pseudonym Todd Diamond.
Sakura Asagi is a Japanese animator, illustrator, and manga artist.
Piskor's latest series, Wizzywig deals with Kevin "Boingthump" Phenicle, a young prodigy who becomes fascinated with social engineering, phone phreaking, and eventually computer hacking.
He is the creator of the Emmy-winning ABC/Disney cartoon series, Teacher's Pet, and the artistic designer of Cranium, a popular award-winning board game.
Dury currently draws such cartoons as Biffa Bacon, Spoilt Bastard, Postman Plod and Roger Mellie.
Graton created the famous character Michel Vaillant and the eponymous series in 1957.
Gerry Finley-Day is a Scottish comics writer, prolific from the 1960s to the 1980s, best known as the creator of "Rogue Trooper".
She also uses the names Peco Fujiya and Ryou Fumizuki for doujinshi with her circle, Daisanteikoku.
His younger brother Sal Buscema is also a comic book artist.
He had served as an assistant to the latter for several years before taking over.
He received an Inkpot Award at the 1980 San Diego Comic-Con.
Steve Skeates is an American comic book creator known for his work on such titles as Aquaman, Hawk and Dove, T.H.U.N.D.E.R.
Kean Soo is the creator of the children's comic character Jellaby.
Brigman was the artist of the syndicated newspaper strip Brenda Starr from 1995 to 2011 and in 2016 became the Sunday artist for Mary Worth.
Both men also worked together at the Art Instruction Schools Inc. in Minneapolis while Schulz was creating Peanuts.
The followup Faust: Book of M, was nominated for the 1999 Bram Stoker Award for Best Illustrated Narrative.
George Joseph Herriman was an American cartoonist best known for the comic strip Krazy Kat.
After their collaboration Caramelot, Branca began to illustrate Disney comics for the Danish publisher Egmont.
He is best known for his Palomar/Heartbreak Soup stories in Love and Rockets, an alternative comic book he shared with his brothers Jaime and Mario.
After it folded he moved to The Champion as a sub-editor under Bernard Smith, also writing "Colwyn Dane", a detective strip, for the title.
Another one of his works Luger Code 1951 will be turned into an anime series by Studio Deen.
In 2013, Allan received an award from the Press Emblem Campaign, an organization that focuses on increasing "the legal protection and safety of journalists".
Hanson studied animation at the Sheridan College Institute of Technology and Advanced Learning.
Katie Cook is an American comic artist and writer, currently employed by IDW Publishing.
The book is hardcover with an austere black surface featuring embossed giant type.
Antonio Prohías, born in Cienfuegos, Cuba, was a cartoonist most famous as the creator of the comic strip Spy vs. Spy for Mad magazine.
Anne Gibbons is an American cartoonist and greeting card illustrator.
Her illustrations have appeared in Shout magazine, Kitchen Sink magazine, and the New York Times.
He was also rather restrictive with using his creations for commercial merchandising.
Ramona Fradon is an American comics artist, known for her work illustrating Aquaman and Brenda Starr, and co-creating the superhero Metamorpho.
Dante Quinterno was an Argentine comics artist, agricultural producer, and prolific editorial businessman, famous for being the creator of the Patoruzú, Isidoro Cañones and Patoruzito characters.
Rosa created about 90 stories between 1987 and 2006.
After Sannen ended in 1982, he began publishing Highschool!
Ronald "Ron" Lim is an American comic book artist living in Sacramento, California.
As a writer and editor, Lazarov began publishing literary short fiction in the 1980s.
FSc is also the co-creator of Slave Labor Graphics title, "Nightmares & Fairy Tales," alongside writer Serena Valentino, illustrating issues 1-12, before stepping down in 2005.
He was one of the founding faculty for the Famous Artists School.
Mark Wheatley is an American illustrator, writer, editor, and publisher in the comic book field.
Miel started his Singapore career as the assistant art editor of The Straits Times, Singapore's top English-language daily.
The series was a multiple Harvey and Eisner awards winner, and is now considered one of the hundred best comic book stories of all time.
Each issue of Big Comic during this era featured a large caricature of a famous individual on the cover, typically sports stars, actors and, politicians.
He illustrated the adventures of many famous characters including Donald Duck, Roger Rabbit, The Flintstones, The Jetsons, Scooby-Doo, Richie Rich, Casper the Friendly Ghost, and others.
She was born in Everett, Washington, the second child in a family of six siblings.
His first strip work on Transformers came in #198 for the story Cold Comfort and Joy.
Quest was selected for Cleis' Best Gay Erotica 2014.
He was killed on 7 January 2015 in a terrorist attack on Charlie Hebdo along with other staff.
Adrian Raeside has a homepage www.raesidecartoon.com where readers can view archives of both his editorial cartoons, Other Coast daily and Sunday strips and upcoming projects.
He was the longtime successor artist of the comic strip Joe Palooka and drew the Rex Morgan, M.D.
He became editor-in-chief in 1984, when the incumbent retired.
He is best known for his work at the DC Comics imprint Vertigo.
As of 2011, Yoshizumi has had works serialized in Ribon, Chorus, and Margaret.
In Japan, he is known for his work Blade of the Phantom Master.
His work for Marvel Comics includes The Pulse and Captain America.
He is considered to be the first American cartoonist to use a comic strip to express a political philosophy.
He resides in Berlin with his wife Jelena Kevic Djurdjevic.
After high school, he took up Fine Arts at the University of the Philippines in Diliman.
In August 2013, Marvel Comics premiered the monthly series Ms. Marvel, with Alphona as artist and G. Willow Wilson as writer.
He also collaborated with avant-garde filmmaker Alejandro Jodorowsky for an unproduced adaptation of Dune and the comic book series The Incal.
During this time, Cooper also contributed to Nickelodeon's children's magazine along with other anthologies.
He graduated from Niigata Prefectural Muramatsu High School two years prior to Yoshifumi Kondō.
She was also the lead artist on Legal Drug, The One I Love, Wish, Suki and xxxHolic.
He continued his PhD in Mechanical Engineering at École de technologie supérieure, Université du Québec, in Montreal, Quebec.
Both of these seinen manga series are harem-type romance comedies in which a naive young man finds himself surrounded by pretty girls vying for his attention.
Takeshi Obata is a Japanese manga artist that usually works as the illustrator in collaboration with a writer.
Leib created his animation studio Twinkle in 1993; Twinkle has produced animation and titles for film, TV series, music videos, and websites.
He is now the founder and CEO of Red Dragon Media, a Beijing-based animation studio.
George Ransom Sherman was a publicist for foreign markets and then head of the Publications Department at the Disney Studios.
The label of the Cutty Sark bottle is his creation.
Graham Annable is an Oscar nominated cartoonist and animator living in Portland, Oregon.
In the Japanese comic industry she is also known by the pen name TogaQ and is known as Jun Togai.
Most of Burr's early work in the field was done for small press publishers like Kitchen Sink Press, Eclipse Comics, and Dark Horse Comics.
Bolland remains in high demand as a cover artist, producing the vast majority of his work for DC Comics.
Mavrides worked with underground comix pioneer Gilbert Shelton on The Fabulous Furry Freak Brothers from 1978– 1992.
Dudu Geva was an Israeli cartoonist, illustrator, and comic book creator.
According to an interview with AArisings, Toyoshima is a second-generation Japanese American born in New York City.
At his height in the 1970s, Fass was known as the biggest — multi-title newsstand magazine publisher in the country.
He is also the co-creator of the Image Comics titles Hack/Slash and Revival.
He is also well-known because of his cartoons about Iranian presidential election, 2009.
After self-publishing comics in his homeland, Huat began a career in Western comics, starting with Doom Patrol volume 3 in 2001 by DC Comics.
Because Aragonés' command of English was then shaky, he asked that Prohias be present to serve as an interpreter.
Binder is credited with coining the term zero gravity as part of a 1938 article in Thrilling Wonder Stories.
But the versatile Clarke was also able to provide intricate detail.
The pornographic nature of her work sometimes draws judgement from feminists who see her as helping men exploit women.
Adam Beechen is an American comic book writer who wrote Countdown to Adventure and co-wrote Countdown for DC Comics.
The June 1968 issue saw the most famous of these: the dream-based "Neji-shiki".
He provided scripts for other strips, such as Don Lawrence's Storm.
He joined Battle Picture Weekly in 1976 when Valiant was folded into it, taking "The Black Crow" with it.
As of July 25, 2007, she is the Thursday Six Chix cartoonist.
Brandon Jerwa is an American comic book writer and musician residing in Seattle, Washington.
Luc Giard is a Canadian underground cartoonist and artist.
Anthony Flamini is an American freelance comic book writer.
He has worked for animation projects such as Atlantis: The Lost Empire and the adaptation of his one shot comic book, The Amazing Screw-On Head.
He considered Tiger Mask and Star of the Giants to be his life's work.
Willy Maltaite, better known by the pseudonym Will, was a comics creator and comics artist in the Franco-Belgian tradition.
He also appeared in The Genius: Rules of the Game in 2013.
With writer Arnold Drake, he co-created that company's superhero team the Doom Patrol.
Kevin Colden is an Eisner Award-nominated, Xeric Grant winning American comic book writer and artist.
He is best known for contributing to Amerimanga and web comics through his publications Sakura Pakk and Rumble Pak.
Gerber was posthumously inducted into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2010.
O'Neill also wrote several novels and books of poetry, and was active in the women's suffrage movement.
He was a highly influential comics historian, particularly of British comics from the 19th century to the 1940s.
Raeside left animation production in 1992 but has since written dozens of scripts for animation, series that includes Atomic Betty, The Amazing Adrenalinis and Pirate Express.
In the 1980s, his tags, "Daemon" and "Prof-23" appeared on walls and subway cars in New York City.
William's son Noel Van Horn is also a Disney comics artist, focusing on Mickey Mouse-stories.
In June 2009, Miralles became the first woman to win the "Gran Premio del Salón" at the Barcelona Comics Festival.
He has experimented with producing animation, both traditional and flash-based.
He was an underground comics artist during the mid-1960s and early 1970s in California, eventually relocating to Canada, where he worked in animation.
Michael DeForge is a Canadian comics artist and illustrator.
In year 1996, she first made her professional debut in Bessatsu Hana to Yume's 5th issue, entitled 5 Gatsu no Sakura.
She often cowrites with Fujisaki Miyako, who authored the novels of Yoshino Chiaki no baai in Sekai-ichi Hatsukoi.
Art Spiegelman is an American cartoonist, editor, and comics advocate best known for his graphic novel Maus.
At Fiction House, a publisher known for its female adventure heroes, she worked on such titles as "Camilla," a jungle-girl feature in Planet Comics.
Heath was inducted into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2009.
John Francis Rosenberger, also occasionally credited as John Diehl, was an American comics artist and painter from after the Second World War until the mid-1970s.
Her series Akogare was adapted into a TV drama series, titled Hanayomeishō wa Dare ga Kiru in 1986.
Grace has a Ph.D. in physics from Florida State University, and worked as a nuclear physicist at FSU before turning cartoonist 1979.
Yishan Li is a professional comic/Manhua creator who lives in Edinburgh, UK.
He was murdered in 2010, allegedly by a roommate.
He is most famous for his character Valentina, created in 1965 and very representative of the spirit of the 1960s.
In 2012 she became the first female artist to draw the main Batman title for DC Comics.
Mizuki was also a noted historian, publishing works relating to world history, Japanese history, and his own World War II experience.
In 1994, the Cultural Centre in Kisangani published his album Objectif Terre!, an environmental manifesto.
The position gave him the opportunity to hang out with the top Tribune cartoonists, including Sidney Smith, Harold Gray and E. C. Segar.
Jerwa also collaborates frequently with fellow writer Eric S. Trautmann.
He also freelanced for nearly every major comic book publisher.
Jesse Reklaw is an American cartoonist and painter, author of the syndicated dream-based comic strip Slow Wave.
Raymond Harold Osrin was an American cartoonist.
Wilson served in the U.S. Army from 1953 to 1955.
Among previous pen names, Futago Kamikitazawa and Shimai Kamikita.
Knisley holds a BFA from The School of the Art Institute of Chicago.
Raymond's influence on other cartoonists was considerable during his lifetime and did not diminish after his death.
He has been in the field of cartoon and caricatures for a quite long time, well over three and a half decades.
Glynis Wein is an artist who has worked as a colorist in the comics industry.
He co-created the Batman supervillains Poison Ivy, Mr.
Nicky Lee is the pen name of Li Chung Ping, a popular manhua author in Taiwan.
While attending classes at Osaka University of Arts, he made his debut as a manga artist.
Shinya Owada is a Japanese actor, voice actor and narrator.
A pioneer of the medium itself, Guardineer contributed two features to the seminal Action Comics #1, the comic book that introduced Superman.
Gary Groth is an American comic book editor, publisher and critic.
After finishing high school, he attended the renowned Kubert School for a year.
His son is actor Glenn Scarpelli, who has appeared in several one-off features in the Archie books under the umbrella title "Glenn Scarpelli in Hollywood".
Tokyopop licensed her first serialized manga Gokkun!
He also used a more cartoony style to draw "Pest of the West" and "Georgie's Germs" in Wham!, and "Space Jinx" and "Charlie's Choice" for Smash.
Deporter got his start in comics working as an assistant to Jean Graton, before selling his own strips, as Mike Deporter, to Spirou magazine.
Seth Tobocman is a radical comic book artist who has been living in Manhattan's Lower East Side since 1978.
Stan Sakai is a Japanese-American cartoonist and comic book creator.
Matt Percival is a British cartoonist specializing in single panel gag cartoons.
It has been hailed by Alan Moore, Will Eisner, Harvey Kurtzman, and Art Spiegelman.
Richard Horie is an artist who has worked on many comics, mostly as a penciller and colorist, but also as writer and inker.
Moreover, he produced hits with works of all genres, including sports, comedies, shōnen, shōjo, and Super Robots.
He has also worked on Marvel's Namor: The Sub-Mariner and The Avengers.
During the Silver Age of Comic Books, he was the executive editor of Charlton Comics from 1955–1966.
William Messner-Loebs is an American comics artist and writer from Michigan, also known as Bill Loebs and Bill Messner-Loebs.
Snyder has also illustrated cards for Last Unicorn Games' collectible card game Heresy: Kingdom Come.
Terry Hirst was born in 1932 in Brighton in England.
Eddie Campbell is a Scottish comics artist and cartoonist who now lives in Australia.
Hyung Min-woo is a South Korean manhwa artist best known for Priest.
Longtime Mad writer-cartoonist Al Jaffee called Elder "Absolutely brilliant... he was the star from the beginning.
His most recent graphic novel, "Warlord of Io', is about a spoiled rich kid who inherits a planet.
Russell H. Patterson was born in Omaha, Nebraska.
June Brigman is an American comic book artist and illustrator.
She is currently an Assistant Professor of Interdisciplinary Creativity at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
Colin Upton is a Canadian cartoonist and artist who was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba and grew up in Vancouver, British Columbia.
This continued into the erotica which became his main focus later in his career, and these attributes were a common criticism of his work.
The book's success led Field Enterprises to distribute Sylvia to newspapers as a daily comic strip starting in 1981.
Ben Katchor is an American cartoonist and illustrator best known for his critically acclaimed comic strip Julius Knipl, Real Estate Photographer.
Her latest series, Sengoku Strays, was featured in the inaugural issue of Square Enix's new magazine, Gangan Joker.
Martin "Marty" Riskin, is an American political cartoonist and the author of the Penspeak political cartoon.
He studied architecture briefly at McGill University, then became an undistinguished cartoonist for some newspapers in Montreal, contributing Pierre et Pierrette to La Patrie.
Kim Jeong-hwan, better known by his stage name Kim Poong is a South Korean webcomic artist.
Woodward has employed painting, digital assistance, as well as the more traditional pencil-and-ink and CMYK color method in his work.
When he drew cartoons to this effect, he was accused of working for the CIA by Fidel Castro's government.
Miller is noted for combining film noir and manga influences in his comic art creations.
He has designed many comic book logos.
Dan Wickline is a published writer and photographer.
Thomas Starling Sullivant was an American cartoonist who signed his work T. S. Sullivant.
As of 2011, McKie was reportedly working on the last 2 parts of the work in his spare time.
He has also directed 76 episodes of Peter Puck for Hockey Night in Canada.
His comics are notable for their violence and anti-authoritarianism.
Warner's most prolific period in the comic book field was from 1973–1979.
He drew a number of other features for Atlas, including most of the stories of the Apache Kid.
In 1966, after being the exclusive artist on The Amazing Spider-Man and the "Doctor Strange" feature in Strange Tales, Ditko left Marvel for reasons never specified.
He did some work in romance comics, but was not comfortable there, and drew two covers for 2000 AD in 1977 and 1981.
Reid frequently draws cartoons supporting LGBT rights.
Daniel Branca was an Argentine comic artist.
She is currently working on Ōkiku Furikabutte, which has spanned 27 volumes to date and being serialized in the monthly Afternoon.
She made her professional debut in 1978 with Kotchi muite Marie!!
B. Clay Moore is an American comic book writer, best known for the series Hawaiian Dick.
Wallace Bond Bishop, better known as Wally Bishop, was an American cartoonist who drew his syndicated Muggs and Skeeter comic strip for 49 years.
Although Roddy's Film Companion is biographical, it is also fictional and frequently acknowledges the limitations of 'truth' and 'fact' in historical research.
He has been called "the godfather of British comics".
Ronald George Smith is a retired British comic artist whose career spanned almost fifty years.
He is editor-in-chief of The Comics Journal and a co-founder of Fantagraphics Books.
Harrison's fully painted style uses strong, dark colours and computer effects, though recent series The Ten-Seconders shows him moving towards lighter pencilling.
Brian Augustyn is an American comic book editor and writer.
Steven Cook is a British artist, photographer, and graphic designer.
Kevin Dooley is a former editor at DC Comics.
He is married to cartoonist Aline Kominsky-Crumb, with whom he has frequently collaborated.
Born in Chicago, Illinois, Hollander was the daughter of Shirley Mazur Garrison and Henry Garrison, a labor activist and member of the carpenters union.
He attended Saddleback College, and later transferred to California State University, Sacramento as a history major.
He is currently a cast member in the variety show Please Take Care of My Refrigerator.
In 1978, he popularized the term "graphic novel" with the publication of his book A Contract with God.
Zupan is considered the most important historian of Serbian and Yugoslav comics.
In the late '70s, she "assisted" on the police comic Kerry Drake.
His representative works are Ares, Nephilim, and King Muryeong.
Kent Robert Williams is an American painter and graphic novel artist.
Louie was a small chap, a loser who was constantly annoyed by life's little vicissitudes and minor moments.
Both films were based on characters she created with Richard Linklater.
He was also the host of a television show Tales of Hoff, in which he drew and told stories.
She made her manga debut in the January 1984 issue of Ciao with her story Chotto dake Biyaku.
His largest and emblematic work is the comic series Los Reyes Elfos and is also known for the noir comic series Pulp Héroes.
He was also the first artist for Archie Comics' Sonic the Hedgehog comic book series.
She is the creator of the successful manga series Emma, A Bride's Story and Shirley.
Peter Kuper is an American alternative comics artist and illustrator, best known for his autobiographical, political, and social observations.
In the 1990s, he participated in two political humour magazines: El Chahuistle and El Chamuco.
He cartoons using the pen name, KAL.
John Warner is an American comic book writer and editor, known for his stories of horror and the supernatural.
Mike W. Barr is an American writer of comic books, mystery novels, and science fiction novels.
John M. Ganim is an American author.
Mari Yamazaki is a Japanese manga artist known for her seinen comedy manga Thermae Romae.
His detailed rendering of heavily muscled figures has been compared to that of Frank Frazetta and Michael Turner.
Joan Cornellà Vázquez is a Spanish cartoonist and illustrator, famous for his unsettling, surreal humor and black humor comic strips as well as artwork.
Cummin was also a well-known naturalist and explorer.
Moving to Texas, Bittle debuted Geech in 1982; it ran in syndication until his death in 2003.
Val Mayerik is an American comic-book and commercial artist, best known as co-creator of Marvel Comics' satiric character Howard the Duck.
Barry Blair was a Canadian comics publisher, artist and writer, known for launching Aircel Comics in the 1980s.
His best-known work is Boule et Bill.
As a way to learn to draw the Erfworld characters, he started by drawing the art for E is for Erfworld the Erfabet Book.
In 1988, Burr and writer James Vance created the six-issue limited series Kings in Disguise for Kitchen Sink.
Santos was born in Pasay City in the Philippines.
It belongs to the Agent 327 series.
He drew many of the humor and filler strips that appeared in National Periodical comics from the 1940s through the 1960s.
Lee began drawing comics and graphic novels in 1981.
Addis died of lung cancer at the age of 74 on November 29, 2009.
His group of assistants are called Studio Loud In School.
He grew up in rural North Carolina.
He contributed artwork and stories to many comic book publishers, including DC Comics, Marvel Comics, Archie Comics, Harvey Comics, Spotlight Comics, and Walt Disney Publishing.
He also plays shortstop for the Bangers, a coed softball team based in Mesa, Arizona.
Ogden Whitney was an American comic-book artist and sometime writer active from the 1930s-1940s Golden Age of comics through the 1960s Silver Age.
Her drawing style is often termed as Gothic kawaii or kawaii noir style.
Daniel G. Chichester is an American comic book writer.
In 2014 she became the first woman to win the Herblock Prize.
Ball suggested some names, but having always had a desire to enter the field, worked concurrently on his own strip.
The two married in 1955, living in Arlington, Virginia.
He eventually landed a position as Creative Director for the Silverman Group.
Kazumi Yamashita is a Japanese manga artist.
Around 1949, he joined the staff as their in-house logo, cover lettering and house-ad designer and letterer, and continued in that role until about 1967.
Greg Capullo also published his own creator-owned comic, The Creech, published through Image Comics.
He was an editorial cartoonist for the Colorado Springs Gazette until his retirement on March 28, 2007.
Marc Hempel is an American cartoonist/comics artist best known for his work on The Sandman with Neil Gaiman.
Akira Oze is a Japanese manga artist.
Besides his occupation as a comic author Füleki studies media communication at Chemnitz University of Technology.
In addition to his covers, Cole did interior art for comics published by Holyoke Publications, Gilberton, and Ajax/Farrell.
His younger brother Gus soon followed his example.
He is most known for being the author of the comic La Cucaracha, the first nationally syndicated, politically themed Latino daily comic strip.
His final work for Marvel at the time was as the regular artist for Spider-Man 2099 from #33 to 43.
Theresa Hilda D’Alessio, better known as Hilda Terry, was an American cartoonist who created the comic strip Teena.
John Backderf is an American cartoonist known by the pseudonyms Derf and Derf Backderf.
His work incorporates drawing, painting, photography, collage, found objects, digital art and sculpture.
During that year he began producing Kobo, the Li'l Rascal.
Her latest project, Plutona is a collaboration with Lemire and Jordie Bellaire.
Andrea Di Vito is an Italian comic book artist.
His style is known for big, bold compositions, and a keen sense of contrast and color.
He has written Superman in many media, including television animation, webisodes, and a syndicated newspaper strip for Tribune Media Services, as well as comics.
Xaudaró also did scenographical work for a production of Madame Butterfly.
She became the writer for a new Red Sonja series in 2013 with Dynamite Entertainment, and for the 2017 series Crosswind from Image Comics.
Accro du Shopping: Jungle/Casterman, France, 2012 
Kanigher scripted what is considered the first Silver Age comic book story, "Mystery of the Human Thunderbolt!"
Budd Root is an American cartoonist, and creator of the independent comic book Cavewoman, published by Root's company Basement Comics/Amryl Entertainment.
F'Murr or F'Murrr whose real name is Richard Peyzaret, is a French comics creator.
Kevin still draws each and every comic by hand, including all of the lettering and borders.
She made her professional debut in 1994 in Hana to Yume.
Chieko Hosokawa, Hosokawa Chieko, born January 1, 1935 in Osaka, Japan) is a Japanese manga artist.
In 2015, she won the Manga Taishō for Kakukaku Shikajika.
George Booth is a New Yorker cartoonist.
Ma Wing-shing is a Hong Kong manhua artist, writer and publisher.
She is best known as the author of Backstage Prince and Black Bird.
Interestingly, Raeside is also related to two other members of the Scott Expedition: Sir Raymond Priestley and Griffith Taylor.
For the same company he drew a King Kong adaptation.
He began drawing at the age of four.
Now You're Logging presented, in cartoon form, a complete look at the techniques, tools, and personalities of logging on the West Coast in the 1930s.
Born in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania, Harold Knerr's father was Calvin B. Knerr, a German physician who had migrated to the United States.
Before long, he was working professionally in the comics industry.
Wood generally works in mixed media, often combining oil painting with digital artmaking.
During the 1980s and 1990s, Stamaty's work appeared regularly in the Village Voice.
Laura Watton is a semi-professional UK manga artist and founding member of Sweatdrop Studios.
Through his works, he framed the African-American experience.
Philippe Bercovici is a French comics artist of Franco-Belgian comics.
In 1920, he held a job as a copy boy at the Chicago Tribune for six dollars a week.
She has also worked on the Rogue Trooper strip and on Marvel UK titles like Transformers.
The strip is serialized on the website Boing Boing, and has been recognized by Print, The New Yorker and New York magazines.
Rupert Kinnard also credited as Prof. I.B.
Robert G. "Bob" Haney was an American comic book writer, best known for his work for DC Comics.
He is the creator of Grickle, published by Alternative Comics, and one of the founders of the Hickee humor anthology.
McDuffie earned three Eisner Award nominations for his work in comics.
For the Louisiana state representative from Tangipahoa Parish, see Steve Pugh.
In 2005, Runton won the Ignatz Award for Promising New Talent.
In 2015, Jeph Jacques moved to Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Two years later, his most known work, Mandaraya no Ryouta, started to be published in Jitsugyo no Nihon Sha's Weekly Manga Sunday magazine.
Black Bird received the 2009 Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo manga.
She became a manga artist after placing third in a contest and was approached by an editor.
Dylan Horrocks is a cartoonist born in 1966, in Auckland, New Zealand.
Andrice Arp is a U.S. comics artist and illustrator, and the daughter of Halton Arp.
James Dale Robinson is a British writer of American comic books and screenplays who is known for his interest in vintage collectibles and memorabilia.
Michiyo Akaishi is a Japanese manga artist.
After the death of Morris, the creator of Lucky Luke, Achdé continued the task of drawing new Lucky Luke stories from 2003 onwards.
He then edited An Anthology of Graphic Fiction, Cartoons, and True Stories, which was declared a bestseller by Publishers Weekly in January 2007.
Michael Jay "Mike" Harris is an American comic book artist who was active in the industry from the mid-1980s to the mid-1990s.
Newton also drew several Captain Marvel/Marvel Family stories, and was a fan of the character, having studied under Captain Marvel co-creator C. C. Beck.
Many of his illustrations, such as the cover of the original Players Handbook, became iconic.
Tribolo—L'incroyable Aventure: 70ans Loterie Romande, Switzerland, 2007
Kevin Cannon is an American cartoonist and illustrator.
Yaeger serves as the model for the lead character in the book, because he himself has a prosthetic leg.
She became a prominent shōjo artist in the 1960s and 1970s, starting with White Troika, which serialized in Margaret in 1963.
He's also known as a prolific cover artist for a number of publishers in the industry, including Marvel and DC Comics.
Reiko Shimizu is a Japanese shōjo manga writer and illustrator.
He is known for his work on titles such as Chase, Promethea, Desolation Jones, Batwoman, and The Sandman Overture.
Lee subsequently led the expansion of Marvel Comics from a small division of a publishing house to a large multimedia corporation.
He retired from the comics industry in the 1990s, later teaching at Virginia Marti College of Art and Design in Lakewood, Ohio.
He has created original music for independent and feature films, including the critically acclaimed Ironweed.
Steve Leialoha is an American comics artist whose work first came to prominence in the 1970s.
The D.Gray-man manga series has been adapted into various forms, including an anime series and three light novel adaptations.
Anders Nilsen is an American cartoonist who lives in Portland, Oregon.
Bob de Groot is a Belgian cartoonist, born on 26 October 1941 in Brussels, to Dutch and French parents.
There, in the 1960s, Kirby and writer-editor Stan Lee co-created many of the company's major characters, including the Fantastic Four, the X-Men, and the Hulk.
In 1993, she earned the Kodansha Manga Award for the series.
Layman is most known for writing Chew, published by Image Comics.
Sefton Brian Hill is an English video game developer, director and writer and, with Jamie Walker, the co-founder of Rocksteady Studios.
Joe Pruett is an American comic book writer and occasional editor, and, most recently, a publisher.
The strip debuted in November 1997, and is considered to be one of the first major webcomics.
With fellow Rebel Studios artist Tim Vigil he co-created the Faust series.
These books made him a household name among kids and parents, and he kept producing them until 1980.
Hergé's works have been widely acclaimed for their clarity of draughtsmanship and meticulous, well-researched plots.
His many publishers included Marvel Comics and Mad magazine.
Yurkovich began self-publishing in 1996 following receipt of a grant from Peter Laird's acclaimed Xeric Foundation.
Her comic series Air was nominated for the Eisner Award, and her first novel, Alif the Unseen, won the 2013 World Fantasy Award.
Penders illustrated the cover of the complete series DVD set of Sonic the Hedgehog.
Reiji Yamada is a Japanese manga artist.
Ueda began drawing comic book strips when he worked in his brother's cram school.
Wes Abbott is an artist who has worked as a letterer in comic books.
Victor Moscoso is a Spanish-American artist best known for producing psychedelic rock posters, advertisements, and underground comix in San Francisco during the 1960s and 1970s.
He has also occasionally taught at Portland State University.
Kazuhiro "Kazu" Kibuishi is a Japanese–American graphic novel author and illustrator.
Gosho Aoyama) is a Japanese manga artist.
His work is noted for its exaggerated cartoon style and Yiddish-inflected English dialogue.
She works on pencils and traditional media and colors her work in Photoshop.
Meimu, real name Kō Uchiyama, is a Japanese manga illustrator.
Fred Lasswell was an American cartoonist best known for his decades of work on the comic strip Barney Google and Snuffy Smith.
Bodē was inducted into the Will Eisner Award Hall of Fame for comics artists in 2006.
She is famous for her best-selling manga series Zetsuai 1989, which is considered to have redefined the Shōnen-ai/Yaoi genres in the late 1980s/early 1990s.
Kubert was inducted into the Harvey Awards' Jack Kirby Hall of Fame in 1997, and the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 1998.
He later drew Uncanny X-Force alongside Ron Garney.
He writs and draws mainly realistic historical comics.
His work has also appeared in G.I.
Bodé has also worked for Heavy Metal magazine and on The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
Grace was born in Chester, Pennsylvania, grew up in Florida, and currently resides in Oakton, Virginia.
Went to King's Collegiate School in Windsor, Nova Scotia until 1937. and established himself as a prominent humorist beginning in the 1940s.
Rodier has worked on such world famous characters as Batman, Captain America and Wonder Woman.
One of the most popular Jughead supporting characters, Big Ethel, was designed by Schwartz.
Izumi Aso is a Japanese manga artist known for her Hikari no Densetsu series.
I suggested we should use Werner, even create a comic for him.
He has also done various illustrations for magazines and ero guro work.
Frank Thomas was an American Golden Age cartoonist who worked primarily for Centaur Publications.
Eyeshield 21 was serialized between July 2002 and June 2009 in Weekly Shōnen Jump, and was later adapted into an anime television series.
At Marvel, he served as the company's editor-in-chief from 1976 to the end of 1977.
From 2004 onward, Lodewijk succeeded Willy Vandersteen and Karel Biddeloo as writer for De Rode Ridder, with drawings by Claus Scholz.
The book features more than one hundred of her photos, taken of various comics professionals over the past twenty-plus years.
He was named one of the top ten artists to check out at the 2002 "Small Press Expo" when he was 19 years old.
His son, Jason Szep, a Reuters journalist, also won a Sigma Delta Chi Award and a Pulitzer Prize for International Reporting.
She is the creator of Denin and Vila from Naldar, the Twi'lek Jedi Aayla Secura and the Kiffar Jedi Quinlan Vos.
There she received an honorable mention, and debuted with "Sunspot Visitor" published in the April 1982 edition of Bessatsu Shōjo Comic.
Gordon was one of Famous' first directors, and he wrote and directed several Popeye the Sailor and Superman cartoons.
He works for Serbian, French, Italian and Spanish publishers, lives in Belgrade.
Yu Yagami is a Japanese manga artist.
Abernathy was previously a group editor at DC Comics, and prior to that, a senior editor at WildStorm Productions, an imprint of DC Comics.
Paul Ryan was an American comic artist.
He is also the author of the self-published novel Nuklear Age.
Svetlana Chmakova is a Russian and Canadian comic artist.
She won the 2005 Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo for Oi Pītan!!
James F. Steranko is an American graphic artist, comic book writer/artist, comics historian, magician, publisher and film production illustrator.
Before breaking into comics Dauterman served as a costume illustrator in the movie industry, working on such films as Captain America: The First Avenger.
She writes 07-Ghost together with Yukino Ichihara, which is published in Monthly Comic Zero Sum by Ichijinsha.
Yamada also influenced Hinako Sugiura and Yōko Kondō, her former assistants.
Before he'd left, he had an $800 check and had sold his first three Spy vs. Spy cartoons to Mad.
Her first comic, Communion, was a collaboration with J. Hagey based on a stream-of-conscience poem about a one-night stand.
Tania del Rio is an American cartoonist working mainly in comic books.
Bipolar is an experimental comic book series for which Tomer was nominated for the Eisner, Harvey and Ignatz awards.
He was born in Buenos Aires city, on October 26, 1909, son of Martín Quinterno and Laura Raffo.
Following a shift in EC's direction in 1950, Gaines presided over what became an artistically influential and historically important line of mature-audience comics.
Manley co-hosted the "Diva Lea Show" podcast with Lea Hernandez starting in 2003.
As well, he is the generally recognized co-creator of the characters Sabrina the Teenage Witch, Josie and the Pussycats, and Cheryl Blossom.
Joshua Dysart is an American comic book writer.
Her cartoons tend to be quite liberal in tone and have a special focus on women's issues, such as third world pregnancy and abortion rights.
He drew the company's The Amazing Spider-Man newspaper comic strip during the early to mid-1980s.
He is best known for his work at Marvel Comics and DC Comics in the 1970s and 1980s.
As of 2017, his various manga series have a combined 200 million copies in print worldwide.
He had experience with print ads in TV and newspaper and been involved with the top management.
Burr started out in commercial illustration before turning to comics in the mid-1980s.
From 2005 until his death in 2016, Ryan penciled and inked the daily newspaper comic strip The Phantom for King Features Syndicate.
Serge Clerc began his professional career in 1975 in the monthly magazine Métal Hurlant, after having created his own fanzine, Absolutely Live.
Tom Grindberg is a comic book illustrator.
Playboy publisher Hugh Hefner said, "He was a zany, and a lovable one."
Christina Strain is an American comic book colorist currently working with Marvel Comics, notable for being the colorist of the award-winning series Runaways.
He has been working professionally in comic books as a writer since the mid-1980s.
In addition to her work at Archie, Tania has also written for Marvel, and writes a monthly manga column for Popcultureshock.com called "Read This Way".
Grant Bond is a comic book artist, writer and award-winning editorial cartoonist living in Kansas City, Kansas.
Honoré was among five cartoonists assassinated on 7 January 2015, during the shooting attack on the Charlie Hebdo newspaper office.
Willy Vandersteen was a Belgian creator of comic books.
Arp has illustrated three covers of Scram, a Journal of Unpopular Culture.
After he retired in 1988, he taught at El Paso Community College for a number of years.
In addition to the Pulitzer, Darcy also won the Thomas Nast Award from the Overseas Press Club in 1970 and 1972 and a National Headliner Award.
Alexander has produced illustrations for Dark Horse Comics, Warner Brothers, DC Comics, Hasbro, White Wolf, Inc, and Dalmatian Press.
In 1982 Ueda won the Bungeishunjū Manga Award.
The anime version of Excel Saga contains stories from the first five volumes of the manga, and even features Rikdo as a character.
J. R. Williams is an American cartoonist, animator, and fine artist best-known for his late 1980s/early 1990s work in alternative comics.
Rob Worley is an American writer and editor.
He has illustrated over fifty children's books, including titles by Dick King-Smith, Julie Markes, Laura Leuck and Martin Waddell.
He was inducted into the comic book industry's Will Eisner Award Hall of Fame in 1994 and the Jack Kirby Hall of Fame in 1995.
Fernando Fernández was a Spanish comic book artist.
The two founded three short-lived comic books companies: Mr. Publications, MikeRoss and Klevart Enterprises.
He has made movie posters, corporate identity projects, videos, magazines, and even T-shirts for rock groups.
Durwin Talon is a comics artist, illustrator, author and professor of illustration.
Barr has illustrated several GURPS roleplaying books, including GURPS Ice Age and GURPS Callahan's Crosstime Saloon.
R. Atkinson was an American cartoonist and pioneering female comic book writer-artist who created the long-running Marvel Comics character Millie the Model and co-created Patsy Walker.
His most prominent works include the first two volumes of Alan Moore and Kevin O'Neill's The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen and Batman: Gotham Knights #1-11, #15-37.
He has also acted in some films occasionally, including making a cameo appearance in Dragon Tiger Gate.
His works sold in North America through Viz Media are Slam Dunk, Vagabond and Real, although Slam Dunk was earlier translated by Gutsoon!
In that role, his predecessors were Frank King, Bill Perry and Dick Moores.
He is best known as the co-host of the Earwolf production Hollywood Handbook alongside Sean Clements.
Shūichi Higurashi was a Japanese manga illustrator and magazine artist.
In 2000, he joined CrossGen as an artist, and was later promoted to act as one of the company's art directors.
After breaking into the American market he has worked on a number of superhero titles, including a series of collaborations with Grant Morrison.
Nelson Alexander "Alex" Ross is an American comic book writer/artist known primarily for his painted interiors, covers, and design work.
Jason Shiga is an Asian American cartoonist who incorporates puzzles, mysteries and unconventional narrative techniques into his work.
"Diarmo" is a portmanteau of "Dibujos animados Arola y Moreno" (Spanish for "Arola and Moreno Animations".
She followed the footsteps of father Jan Kruis, best known for his one-page comic Jan, Jans en de Kinderen.
Garry Leach is a British comics artist and publisher.
Obata has mentored several well-known manga artists, including Nobuhiro Watsuki of Rurouni Kenshin fame, Black Cat creator Kentaro Yabuki, and Eyeshield 21 artist Yusuke Murata.
Suzue Miuchi is a Japanese manga artist and author of long-running shōjo manga Glass Mask.
Famous for his realistic and detailed style, he was an inspiration for later UK comic-book artists like Brian Bolland, Dave Gibbons and Chris Weston.
Fred Hembeck is an American cartoonist best known for his parodies of characters from major American comic book publishers.
He is best known for his work on Captain Marvel and the Marvel Family during the Golden Age of comic books for Fawcett Comics.
Higurashi was well known for his work outside of Big Comic.
DeBeck drew with a scratchy line in a "big-foot" style, in which characters had giant feet and bulbous noses.
She received two Ignatz Awards in 2002, for Outstanding Artist and Outstanding Minicomic.
Her brother John Severin was also an artist who worked for EC and Marvel.
Emi Lenox is an American cartoonist from Portland, Oregon.
Saki Hiwatari is a Japanese shōjo manga artist.
The barbarian aardvark Cerebus was sketched initially by Sim as a mascot to accompany Loubert's proposed fanzine, Cerberus, a title which Deni famously misspelled.
Berry was born in Chicago in 1932 and attended Dartmouth College and Ohio Wesleyan University.
Roger Brand was an American writer-editor-illustrator who created stories for both mainstream and underground comic books.
Wilfredo Limbana "Fred" Carrillo was a Filipino comics artist.
She was one of the most popular Japanese comic artists in the 1970s, being best known for The Rose of Versailles.
He also lettered the DC/Marvel intercompany crossover book Superman and Spider-Man.
He has been making films, illustrating and cartooning since 1991.
Michel Régnier, best known by his pseudonym Greg, was a Belgian cartoonist best known for Achille Talon, and later became editor of Tintin magazine.
John Wagner is an American-born British comics writer.
Although not African-American himself, Colwell's comics often portray blacks in strong roles in stories of life on the streets.
He also penciled part of Godzilla #5, one of Dark Horse's earliest licensed properties, in December 1988.
Adrienne Roy was a comic book color artist who worked mostly for DC Comics.
She is also recognized for creating the manga adaptation of the video game Star Ocean: The Second Story.
He served in the Vietnam War, and was the main writer on the popular comic book series The 'Nam, published by Marvel Comics.
Rei Hiroe is a Japanese manga artist who is more recently known for his latest manga, Black Lagoon.
Pierre Christin is a French comics creator and writer.
Freeman’s comic-book illustrating career began with Richard Comely’s independent Canadian publication, Captain Canuck.
Herriman was born in New Orleans, Louisiana, to mulatto Creole parents, and grew up in Los Angeles.
Oze won the 1986 Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen manga for Hatsukoi Scandal and Tobe!
Sansom created the strip Chris Welkin—Planeteer with Russ Winterbotham which ran from 1952 until 1964.
When he created comic books, he used the pen name "Dang."
Hayes suffered from health problems which hampered his ability to create comics.
He became known in the 1990s for his work on various Valiant Comics books, such as Ninjak and Solar, Man of the Atom.
Comics historians consider Gill a top contender as the comic-book field's most prolific writer.
Jo Seok is a South Korean webcomic artist.
Ivan Brandon is a writer/editor known for his work on titles such as DC Comics' Final Crisis Aftermath: Escape and Kobra and Marvel Comics' Secret Invasion.
She received the 1995 Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo for Baby and Me.
Opper's first cartoon was published in Wild Oats in 1876, followed by cartoons and illustrations in Scribner’s Monthly and St. Nicholas Magazine.
He was known for his alternate history novels Seito and Red Sun Black Cross, among others.
Kenji Oiwa is a Japanese manga artist.
Her debut manga was a yomikiri called "Radical Romance" that was published in 1984, in the summer issue of Ribon Original.
It is one of the most fruitful Spanish authors of his generation and has been highlighted in the fantastic comic and the comic policíac.
As the lead artist in xxxHolic, she is in charge of drawing the male characters while Mokona is responsible for the female characters.
His work frequently illustrates the darker elements of life.
It was the first ever syndicated newspaper comic drawn and distributed by computer, a Macintosh SE using Adobe Illustrator-88.
He studied Wildlife Illustration at Dyfed College of Art for a year, before switching to graphic design at Lincoln College of Art, specialising in illustration.
Shōji Satō is a Japanese manga artist who does hentai and non-hentai artwork.
Matt Wagner is an American comics artist and writer who is best known as the creator of the series Mage and Grendel.
David Gonzales is a Mexican-American cartoonist, apparel designer, and toy designer.
Gary Lee Shipman is an American artist, comic book illustrator and writer of Pakkins' Land.
After graduation, he attended Wakō University where he studied fine arts.
Chuck BB is an Eisner Award winning American comic book creator, best known for his work on Spider-Man, Fear Agent, and Oni's Black Metal.
She graduated from Saitama Prefecture's prestigious Urawanishi High School and Hosei University's department of psychology, with a major in sports psychology.
She is also a member of the Year 24 Group.
Jim Lee is a Korean American comic book artist, writer, editor, and publisher.
Irving Rose Tripp, was an American comic book artist, best known as the illustrator of Little Lulu comics.
Miraee, who received an M.A in industrial design, has had cartoons published and exhibited in a number of countries in Europe, Asia, Africa and America.
He has also been featured in the Korean weekly magazine Deja Vu.
He also painted many oil studies and designed the diagrams for the Letts Pocket Guide To The Weather.
Dropping out of high school, he was 15 when he moved with his mother to Chicago.
Jean Henri Gaston Giraud was a French artist, cartoonist and writer who worked in the Franco-Belgian bandes dessinées tradition.
Rechin lived in Spotsylvania County, Virginia with his wife.
Rubin's parents sold advertising and by the early 70s, he was working in the family print shop.
He made his debut in 1993 in IQ Jump.
While he is not a major commercial force in Japan, Igarashi is well respected in critical circles.
William Robert "Bob" Brown was an American comic book artist with an extensive career from the early 1940s through the 1970s.
Ryan Brown is a comic book writer and artist and toy designer best known for his work on Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
Tomm Coker, also known as Thomas L. Coker, is an American comic book artist and film director/writer.
Uri Fink is an Israeli comic book artist and writer, and creator of the comics series Zbeng!.
Nikita Mandryka is a French cartoonist of Russian origin.
Terry Moore is an American cartoonist, known for the series Strangers in Paradise, Rachel Rising, and the founding of Homage Comics.
In 1991, Crumb was inducted into the comic book industry's Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame.
In 2014, Bendis wrote Words for Pictures, a book about comics published by Random House.
He also created covers and short stories for Dark Horse Comics and DC Comics’ Vertigo imprint.
His other series, Mob Psycho 100 is serialized in the online version of Weekly Shōnen Sunday, called Ura Sunday.
Yukari Ichijo is a Japanese shōjo and josei manga artist.
He has since done a variety of projects for both Marvel and DC Comics, such as the 1996 miniseries Kingdom Come, which Ross co-wrote.
In 1959, his first cartoon was published in the newspaper Het Parool, after which he specialized in drawing for commercial advertising.
Kelso is married and lives with her husband and daughter in Seattle, Washington.
Since the mid-1970s, Byrne has worked on many major superheroes.
After him, a lot of [cartoonists] really started to scramble and go, 'Holy [expletive], I think I have to try harder.'"
His work includes Marvel Comics' Alpha Flight, and DC Comics' Hawkman.
Later on he wrote Andanzas y desventuras de Manolo Quaranta; Don Fermín, and Un porteño optimista, for different newspapers.
Dave Lee Stevens was an American illustrator and comics artist.
She chose not to go to high school so that she could draw manga.
He has also written and illustrated children's books, syndicated newspaper features, greeting cards, for advertising, promotional videos and for television.
Joe Chiodo is an artist and colorist who has worked in the comics industry.
Joe Rosen was an American comic book artist, primarily known for his work as a letterer.
Eric Jones is an American comic book artist living in California.
Ricardo Villagran is an Argentine illustrator known for his work in the American comic book industry.
He was a Cooper Union art instructor from 1961 to 1962.
He scripted the first issues of Mike Mignola's Hellboy series and produced a number of Star Trek comics for IDW Publishing.
Claudio Castellini is an Italian comic book artist.
Dave Dorman is a science fiction, horror and fantasy illustrator best known for his Star Wars artwork.
She has also been featured in one of Shueisha's shōnen publications, Jump SQ.
Born and raised in New York, Doug moved to Florida in 1990.
In 1942, Moreno founded Diarmo Films with José María Arola.
John Ridgway is a British comics artist.
Scott Lobdell is an American comic book writer.
He officially changed his name to S. Robert Powell in 1943.
Lutes went to college at the Rhode Island School of Design, graduating with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in 1991.
She is a graduate of Tama Art University, where she studied graphic design.
Matt Howarth is an American comic book writer/artist known for such series as Those Annoying Post Bros, Savage Henry, Star Crossed, and Bugtown.
Yoshiko Nishitani was a pioneering shōjo manga artist who released her works in Shōjo Club and Margaret.
degree from the Iceland Academy of the Arts in 2002.
Several of her series have been dramatized, including Yūkan Club as an anime OVA and Designer and Tadashii Ren'ai no Susume as high-rated live-action television dramas.
Moritat was recently announced as the artist for DC's relaunch of Hellblazer as part of their "Rebirth" relaunch of their popular characters and titles.
He is also the artist and writer of Doubt, which was completed in February 2009.
He is best known for illustrating the American football manga Eyeshield 21, in collaboration with writer Riichiro Inagaki.
Assigned male at birth, she came out in 2009 as a crossdresser and later as a transgender woman.
Josh Wagner is a novelist and playwright from Missoula, Montana.
Mark Ricketts is an American comic book writer, illustrator and cartoonist.
Frank Giacoia was an American comics artist known primarily as an inker.
While he was still at high school, Milt Gross, a popular 1930s cartoonist, told him at an assembly, "Kid, someday you'll be a great cartoonist!"
He started drawing the Taberemasen yonkoma cartoon in 1995 in the Kodansha-published Young Magazine while still in high school, and continued the series until 2013.
He also met Dolores Preusch at this time, and the couple married in 1958.
After Mandrake creator Lee Falk died in 1999, Fredericks became responsible for writing the scripts for the Mandrake strip by himself.
Her daily comic strip Sylvia was syndicated to newspapers nationally by Tribune Media Services and also can be seen on her blog, BadGirl Chats.
Fantasy artist Frank Frazetta called Jones "the greatest living painter".
David Hine is an English comic book writer and artist, known for his work on Silent War and The Bulletproof Coffin.
Paris Cullins is an American comics artist best known for his work on DC Comics' Blue Devil and Blue Beetle, and Marvel Comics' Hyperkind.
He has worked for Antarctic Press, Topps, Marvel and DC Comics and since 1994.
Gary G. Dumm is an Ohio-based comic book artist known particularly for his work illustrating the comics of Harvey Pekar.
Some of his best known comics are series focusing on the Justice Society of America, in particular the Starman character he co-created with Tony Harris.
Gerry Embleton is a British artist, born in London.
He was also part of the crew who worked on the animated sequences in the 2002 film The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys.
Akira Akatsuki is a Japanese manga artist.
He is the younger brother of comics artist John Buscema.
Born in Canastota, New York, she lived in Franklinville, New York and Buffalo, New York.
He wrote the Wildstorm comic series Gen¹³ and the Vertigo comic book series The Exterminators and Hellblazer Presents: Chas - The Knowledge.
His cartoons and comics focus on the law.
Most commonly known as Angus Allan and sometimes credited as Angus P. Allan, he was responsible for original comic strip adaptations of numerous popular TV series.
She taught Kazuma Kodaka, the author of Kizuna: Bonds of Love, shoujo manga drawing techniques.
He was inducted into the comic book industry's Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 1992 and the Jack Kirby Hall of Fame in 1993.
Lauro Zarate Alcala, also known as Larry Alcala, was a well-known editorial cartoonist and illustrator in the Philippines.
His works have rarely been translated–in English, only three short works have appeared.
He also worked in advertising, film and television including Late Night with David Letterman.
He has also worked in comics, being the writer of IDW Publishing's miniseries The Transformers: Megatron Origin.
The series includes Paul in the Country, Paul Has a Summer Job, Paul Moves Out, and Paul Goes Fishing, and The Song Of Roland.
Wendy Pini née Fletcher, and Richard Pini are the husband-and-wife team responsible for creating the well-known Elfquest series of comics, graphic novels and prose works.
His work Ragnarok was adapted into the game Ragnarok Online by Gravity Corp..
He has exhibited widely, and won three Emmy awards for his set designs for Pee-Wee's Playhouse.
Kenta Shinohara is a Japanese manga artist.
Richard Burton is a British comic editor who worked on 2000 AD.
His first work was for Warren Publishing in the 1970s before working with Dez Skinn at Marvel UK as well as work for 2000 AD.
Krizan currently resides in Los Angeles, where she writes and teaches writing courses, most notably at UCLA.
Gina Hart is a British comics artist best known for her colouring work on the Rupert Bear strips.
Diane DiMassa is an American feminist artist, author and cartoonist.
She is the co-director and her duties in the team include applying screentones and correcting manga illustrations.
In their review of Magic Whistle: Bigger, Larger and Bigger!
Michael G. Ploog is an American storyboard and comic book artist, and a visual designer for films.
Snyder gained notoriety shortly thereafter with his work illustrating Matt Wagner's Grendel series.
Eric Talbot is an American comic book writer and artist known for his work on the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles series under Mirage Studios.
Nina Matsumoto is a Japanese-Canadian cartoonist, also known as "space coyote", and most known for creating the comic book series Yōkaiden for Del Rey Manga.
His comics work includes most of the early stories of the Western hero Kid Colt.
How To Draw Manga And Anime: Bridgewater Books, UK, 2009
He is best known for his work illustrating American Splendor, by fellow Clevelander Harvey Pekar.
In 2011, he received the first Humanitarian Award from the Hero Initiative during the Harvey Awards ceremony at the Baltimore Comic-Con.
In 2007, Hyperion published the graphic novel Houdini: The Handcuff King, written by Lutes and illustrated by Nick Bertozzi.
Victor Hubinon was a Belgian comic-book artist, best known for the series Buck Danny and Redbeard.
He was married to Elise Donaldson and had one son, Ted Jr.
He worked there for years, comics like Silangan, Aliwan, Wakasan, Lovelife, Funny Komiks and the like were very popular during those times.
Notable works include Batgirl: Year One, Breach, Doctor Strange: The Oath, The Amazing Spider-Man, Daredevil and The Private Eye.
Aushenker freelances as a screenwriter and continues to write comic books for various companies, including Bongo Comics Group and Heroic Publishing.
In December 2010, he was invited to participate in the first international exhibition of African comics, in Paris.
He is best remembered for his daily newspaper comic panel The Strange World of Mr. Mum.
At the peak of its popularity, it was seen in nearly 90 countries around the world.
He gained prominence in the underground comix scene in the 1970s with short, experimental, and often autobiographical work.
He spent three years in the U.S. Cavalry.
With writer Corbeyran he began the " Double Gauche" series at Dargaud in 2006.
In 1984 he founded Antarctic Press, an American comic book company specializing in Manga-style titles.
Albéric Bourgeois was a French-Canadian cartoonist, credited with creating the first continuing comic strip to use word balloons in Canada.
Andreas, pen name for Andreas Martens, born January 3, 1951 in Weißenfels.
With Tome he created Le Petit Spirou and made several Spirou et Fantasio albums.
Jackie Ormes is known as the first African American woman cartoonist and created the Torchy Brown comic strip and the Patty-Jo 'n' Ginger panel.
He will be teaching illustration at Rio Hondo College in Whittier, CA, starting in fall 2016.
John Stanley was an American cartoonist and comic book writer, best known for writing Little Lulu comic book stories from 1945 to 1959.
Kerry Gammill is an American artist who has worked in the fields of comic books, special effects, storyboards, and character designs.
He is known for the meticulous research that goes into his artwork.
Sousa's characters were inspired by children he knew from his childhood and by his own children.
He attended the University of Texas at El Paso, the American Academy of Art in Chicago, and the Cartoonists and Illustrators School in New York.
Morelli has also worked for DC Comics and Archie Comics.
Howard V. Tayler is the award-winning creator of the webcomic Schlock Mercenary.
He has worked for DC Comics, Marvel Comics, and Image Comics.
His cartoons have also received awards in many important cartoon competitions, such as the Global Editorial Cartoon competition, Diogenes, Taborda festival, Medplan, etc.
He was also nominated for another Harvey in 2013 for another project from DC Comics, Superman Family Adventures.
He was also responsible for two other well-known series, Quick & Flupke and The Adventures of Jo, Zette and Jocko.
In the half-century between April 1964 and April 2013, only one issue of Mad was published without containing new material by Jaffee.
Trevor Hairsine is a British comics artist, whose detailed style has been compared to that of Bryan Hitch.
She currently resides in Brooklyn with her husband, Masheka Wood, and their two children.
Terry Beatty is an artist who has worked as a penciler and inker in the comic book industry.
Robert "Bob" Ingersoll is an American lawyer and writer.
Greg Horn is an American comic book artist best known for his work as a cover artist for Marvel Comics and various other publications.
Fantagraphics Books called him "the Hans Christian Andersen of comic books."
Every Friday Since 2003, Berger and Wyse have produced The Pitchers comic strip in The Guardian.
Beginning in Amazing Adventures #16, the story continued in Justice League of America #103, and concluded in Thor #207.
She writes under the name Nobi Nobita for Boys Love and doujinshi, and for critical works.
Richard Elson is a British comic book artist best known for his work on Sonic the Comic, 2000 AD and Thor.
He was predeceased by his wife and survived by his partner of 26 years, Mary Jo Starsiak.
Nicknamed YOji, she previously used the pen name Yumi Tsukirino.
Two of her major works are Omukae desu and Faster than a Kiss.
François Marcela-Froideval is a French role-playing game creator, video game producer, and comic scenarist.
He is best known for his work in science fiction and fantasy, with over 350 book and magazine covers to his credit.
Lark has provided pencils for DC Comics' Batman, Terminal City, Gotham Central and Legend of the Hawkman.
Manoj Gupta is an Indian publisher, editor, and the President and Co-founder of Raja Pocket Books and its subsidiary Raj comics.
Tom Feister is an American illustrator, animator and comic book artist.
Galip Tekin was a Turkish comic book artist, cartoonist and screenwriter.
He is best known for providing the artwork for the series Thorgal.
George Asakura is a Japanese manga artist.
She has twice won the Shogakukan Manga Award: once in 1980 for Urusei Yatsura, and again in 2001 for Inuyasha.
Faerber is known for his work on Generation X and New Warriors for Marvel Comics, and The Titans and Connor: Spotlight for DC Comics.
Henderson has been self-publishing xeroxed minicomics since 1980.
In 2015, Yoshikawa attended Anime Expo as a guest.
He has also provided the art for Requiem Chevalier Vampire and Sha, both written by Pat Mills.
Sid Couchey was an American comic book artist best known for his work on the Harvey Comics characters Richie Rich, Little Lotta and Little Dot.
Wagner continues to write for 2000 AD and Judge Dredd Megazine.
Marjane Satrapi is an Iranian-born French graphic novelist, cartoonist, illustrator, film director, and children's book author.
In 2015, his book Paul à Québec was adapted into the theatrical film Paul à Québec.
As a comic book artist, he is best known for his work on Power Man and Iron Fist for Marvel Comics and Superman for DC Comics.
He also wrote adaptations of Louis Cha's novels, such as The Return of the Condor Heroes, Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils, and Ode to Gallantry.
Aurelio Galleppini, better known with his nickname Galep, was an Italian comics artist and illustrator, best known as graphic creator of Tex Willer in 1948.
Jean-Claude Fournier, known simply as Fournier, is a French cartoonist best known as the comic book artist who handled Spirou et Fantasio in the years 1969-1979.
Steve Moore was a British comics writer.
Her cousin is fellow manga artist, Yumiko Igarashi.
Barbara Fiske Calhoun was an American cartoonist and painter, one of the few female creators from the Golden Age of Comic Books.
Kyoko Okazaki is a Japanese manga artist.
Mizuno was inspired by Hollywood romantic films like those featuring Audrey Hepburn.
He is best known for his non-fiction books about comics, Understanding Comics, Reinventing Comics, and Making Comics.
He never sold them although they were in great demand.
He strives to create a positive, reassuring effect in his viewers by communicating beauty and elegance.
Hagiwara is a high school drop-out, however he is a graduate from Tokyo Designer Gakuin College.
Kieron Dwyer is an American comics artist.
George R. Evans was an American cartoonist and illustrator who worked in both comic books and comic strips.
He wrote the story for his manga Imperial Guards and Highschool of the Dead.
He scripted plays for Matinee Theater, the afternoon anthology series telecast daily on NBC.
This has resulted in a break with many of his former friends.
She won the 49th Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo manga for Lovely Complex a.k.a.
He has appeared nationally and internationally at different venues, including universities, corporate conferences, synagogues and film festivals.
Fillion also continues to produce illustrations for several gay-themed publications, and has created artwork for numerous events and organizations.
Will Supervillains Be On The Final: Del Rey, Usa, 2011 
In 2016, she provided the character designs for the anime Battery.
and Private Prince, have been published in French and German by Kazé and Tokyopop.
He served as the editor of the children's magazines Macaco and Macaquete.
She was one of few woman illustrating and writing comic books during the period.
to an end after the success of the risqué Playboy feature Little Annie Fanny began to take up his time.
Thompson is the scripter for the first volume of the comic book Lethal Instinct for Alias Enterprises and the writer for the remainder of the series.
Martin Shapiro is an American screenwriter and comic book writer.
Another series, First Love Limited, was adapted into a 12-episode anime television series which ran in 2009.
Maxwell Charles Gaines was a pioneering figure in the creation of the modern comic book.
His pen name is an alternate spelling of his first name.
The retrospective, published June 2007 by Sleeping Giant, delves into Mantlo's life and career.
He returned to editorial cartooning with brief stints at the Houston Post and the Philadelphia Bulletin.
For his contribution as a children's illustrator Briggs was a runner-up for the Hans Christian Andersen Award in 1984.
It was while in Australia he discovered the work of Jamie Hewlett, Dan Clowes, Kim Deitch, Renee French, Chris Ware, Julie Doucet, and Jim Woodring.
She graduated from Saitama Prefectural Dai-Ichi Girls High School.
François Robert Velter, known by his pen-name Rob-Vel, was a French cartoonist.
Clamp has had a huge impact on the "manga explosion" according to an account in the New York Times in 2006.
Richard Moore is an American writer and artist of comic books.
John Ney Rieber is an American comic book writer.
Grant Buist is a cartoonist and animator from Wellington, New Zealand.
Peyer has also worked for Marvel Comics, Wildstorm, and Bongo Comics.
Ric Estrada was a Cuban American comics artist who worked for companies including the major American publisher DC Comics.
The Mandrake Sunday page continued until the final story, "Shadows on Devil Road", ending December 29, 2002.
It was originally serialized in three issues by Eros Comics.
Rea Irvin was an American graphic artist.
He wrote the scenario of several French videogames, working for Infogrames and Cryo Interactive.
Jan is the pseudonym of Juan López Fernández, Spanish comic book writer and artist, most famous for his creation Superlópez.
According to his website, his clients have included MAD magazine and The New York Times.
In 2007, his cover design for the Menomena album Friend and Foe received a Grammy nomination for Best Recording Package.
His first steady comics work was drawing three issues of the unpublished Century comic from Rob Liefeld's Awesome Comics.
He formerly worked as Osamu Uoto's assistant.
His clients include Time Magazine, The New Yorker, Spin, The New York Times, Rolling Stone, MTV, and Saatchi & Saatchi.
When Schwartz did not like a script, Gorelick would tell him "if you don't like it, see what you want to do with it.
Katherine Shannon Collins is a Canadian cartoonist, writer, media personality, stage performer, and composer.
He has also created book covers, movie posters, trading cards, and concept work for film.
A graduate from Parkside High School in Dundas, Graeme attended the University of Ottawa majoring in History and Political Science.
He has worked for Fleetway Publishing on Judge Dredd Megazine and the long running science fiction anthology 2000 AD in the late 1990s.
He currently works as an illustrator and storyboard artist.
She had a daughter with her husband in 2007 before being widowed in 2015.
His style evokes the work of early American cartoonists like George Herriman and Elzie Crisler Segar.
He was best known for the 1940s Quality Comics' Blackhawk and for stories in EC Comics during the 1950s.
Through distribution his cartoons appear across the Internet and in newspapers, big and small, throughout Canada, and occasionally in the United States.
In 2003, he started a slice-of-life manga series Yotsuba&!, about the adventures of a five-year-old girl; it is serialized in the monthly magazine Dengeki Daioh.
Leonard Brandt Cole was a comic book artist, editor, and publisher who worked during the Golden Age of Comic Books, producing work in various genres.
Recent projects include a self-published photo graphic novel series, Nocturne.
Jim McCarthy is a British comics creator.
With John Layman, he wrote the 2007–2009 Tek Jansen comic book, based on the Stephen Colbert character.
Milk Morizono is a Japanese manga artist.
Mohan started his career in the general interest magazine Chithrakarthika.
Roy Eric Peterson, OC was a Canadian editorial cartoonist who drew for The Vancouver Sun from 1962 to 2009.
Baseman’s aesthetic combines iconic pop art images, pre-and post-war vintage motifs, cross-cultural mythology and literary and psychological archetypes.
Sarnath Banerjee is an Indian graphic novelist, artist, and film maker and a co-founder of the comics publishing house, Phantomville.
In the strip's main motif, Ignatz Mouse pelted Krazy with bricks, which the naïve, androgynous Kat interpreted as symbols of love.
An avid outdoorsman, Du Bois had a true affinity for writing stories with natural settings.
Phillips studied at the Chicago Academy of Fine Arts and freelanced cartoons to 36 different magazines during the Great Depression.
Colin Wyatt worked from 1957 to 1980 for IPC Magazines as an illustrator of children's comics.
Khoo Fuk-lung, also known as James Khoo, is a Hong Kong manhua artist and writer.
Miho Obana is a shōjo manga artist born in Tokyo, Japan.
Jack Morelli is a comic book letterer and author, also credited under the name John Morelli.
He studied briefly at Cooper Union, followed by a short stint as pupil and assistant to illustrator Frank Beard.
Luth's work has also appeared in a number of other comics and national periodicals, such as MAD magazine and Flare.
In 2015, Byrne and his X-Men collaborator Chris Claremont were entered into the Will Eisner Award Hall of Fame.
Co-principal Will Eisner, himself a comics creator, recalled,
Keiko Nishi is a Japanese manga artist.
Alan Kupperberg was an American comics artist known for working in both comic books and newspaper strips.
Benny R. Powell is an American businessman who is CEO of Red Giant Entertainment, a transmedia company.
His pen names include Dan Rico, Donella St. Michaels, Donna Richards, Joseph Milton, and N. Korok.
Sal Amendola is an Italian American comics artist and teacher primarily known for his association with DC Comics.
In 2013 Lawson used Kickstarter to fund a new project, a graphic novel series called Dragonfly.
Jason Szep, formerly Southeast Asia Bureau Chief at Reuters, is now U.S. National Affairs Editor for Reuters, based in Washington.
Fox introduced the concept of the Multiverse to DC Comics in the 1961 story "Flash of Two Worlds!"
Manley currently draws two syndicated comic strips, Judge Parker and The Phantom.
Charlie "Spike" Trotman is an American cartoonist and publisher.
His first novel, 'Darkwalker', has been published in by 'Pink Narcissus Press'.
The blog comic has since then been picked up and serialised at コミックエッセイ劇場 under the title name 「シンガポールのオタク漫画家、日本をめざす[2]」.
Nicole J. Georges is an illustrator, zinester and educator living in Portland, Oregon.
In his graphic novel Dream Watcher, Zograf describes "hypnagogic visions" — the haunting imagery that emerges in the transitional state between wakefulness and sleep.
She once ran for a seat in Japan's House of Councillors as part of the Chikyū Club political organization in 1989.
He has also done logo design as well as freelance illustration for various advertising agencies.
Frazer moved to Canada in the mid-1970s, after living in Australia and Asia.
Francisco V. Coching was a Filipino comic books illustrator and writer and is regarded as one of the “pillars of the Philippine Komiks Industry”.
Darick W. Robertson is an American artist best known for his work as a comic book illustrator on series he co-created, notably Transmetropolitan and The Boys.
He is best known for the comic book and novel series Hexed, Supergirl comics, and co-writing the "Day Men" comics series.
After the publisher went bankrupt in 2000, EP publishers published the comic books, the first one in October 2002 and the second one in February 2003.
Kane additionally pioneered an early graphic novel prototype, His Name is...Savage, in 1968, and a seminal graphic novel, Blackmark, in 1971.
He said that his work was "not for the amusement of the comfortable" and that "If it's big and struts through the door, hit it hard."
Robert T. Balder is a professional cartoonist and singer-songwriter.
His manga series have been influenced by hip hop culture, with some of the characters being modeled after rappers.
He is finished working on his most renowned manga, Gantz, which began in July 2000.
He was inducted into the Canadian Comic Book Creator Hall of Fame as part of the 2008 Joe Shuster Awards.
Porcellino's self-published, photocopied, mostly autobiographical series King-Cat Comics is among the best-known and longest-running minicomics produced today.
Gerda Gattel was a comic book creator who worked as a letterer, and later as a proofreader, most notably for DC Comics.
Philippe Liégeois is a Belgian comic book artist.
Michael Terry Gilbert is an American comic book artist and writer who has worked for both mainstream and underground comic book companies.
Brown is an American writer, letterer, publisher, editor, and production manager.
The book was the winner of Finnish Graphic Novel Finlandia Prize in the year 2011.
He has worked principally for Marvel Comics and DC Comics since the 1970s.
He was married to Latha, daughter of Vaikom Chandrasekharan Nair, and their children are currently working in some of the prestigious dailies in India.
Howard Purcell was an American comics artist and writer active from the 1940s Golden Age of Comic Books through the 1960s Silver Age.
Christy Lijewski is an American comic book artist and illustrator who specializes in OEL manga.
Henry Boltinoff was an American cartoonist who worked for both comic strips and comic books.
These books will be published by Harper Collins in Australia the first November of this year.
In fact, the reason why he professionally spells his name with an "!"
Brian Garvey is a comic book artist, known primarily for inking.
Ursula Vernon is an American freelance writer, artist and illustrator.
He was the associate publisher of Mad and the vice president of DC Comics, where he edited numerous titles and ran DC's Special Projects department.
He formerly lived in the area of Northampton, Massachusetts, where Questionable Content is set.
He is the writer and artist of his creator-owned series, The Marquis.
Wolfer was a huge fan of horror and comics as a child, and after high school he attended The Kubert School for two years.
Pertti Jarla is a Finnish comics artist most famous for his humorous Fingerpori comic strip.
Her manga Mary Lou is thought to have opened up the idea of shōjo manga telling stories about ordinary teenagers.
He graduated from the School of Visual Arts and currently lives in Eastern Pennsylvania.
Born in Nantwich, United Kingdom, Coyle has published two graphic novels, Registry of Death which he co-authored with Peter Lamb, and Worry Doll .
He was involved with the character of Batman consistently from 1987 to 1995.
Donald Gordon "Don" Addis was an American comic strip artist.
His third book, Street Posters & Ballads, is a compilation of graphics, poems and songs about the Lower East Side.
He occasionally used the pseudonym Jack Harmon.
His work is in the permanent collection of the New Mexico Museum of Art in Santa Fe.
His lettering and images are often elaborate and sometimes evoke the ragtime era or another early 20th-century American design style.
Dan O'Neill is an American underground cartoonist, creator of the syndicated comic strip Odd Bodkins and founder of the underground comics collective the Air Pirates.
In 2004 he was nominated for an Eisner Award as "Best Cover Artist" for his work on Marvel's NYX, X-Men Unlimited, and New Mutants.
Clarke was born in Mamaroneck, New York, United States, on January 25, 1926.
He is most known for his writing of the popular Jewish children's comic book series Mendy and the Golem.
Yagi's first serialized manga was his comedy-genre Angel Densetsu, which appeared in Monthly Shōnen Jump from 1992 to 2000.
Previously, she created The Adventures of CG for CosmoGIRL!
Sears ran his own comic company briefly in 1994, called Ominous Press, which published three creator owned titles.
The live action film was released in April, 2012, and a trailer can be seen at: http://asianwiki.com/Thermae_Romae.
After leaving National in 1940, Sullivan was hired by the McNaught Newspaper Syndicate to form a new comic book publishing house.
from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1960 and an M.F.A.
Janjetov is among most prominent comics creators of former Yugoslavia, published worldwide.
Schrier's work was also featured in Meef Comix and The Balloon Vendor, and the anti-Nixon comics pamphlets Silent Majority Comics and Uncle Sam Takes LSD.
Chris Moreno is an American comic book illustrator.
Derib is a Swiss francophone comics creator, one of the most famous in Europe, who started his professional career at Peyo's studio.
After being discharged, he spent several years working in advertising.
Marimo Ragawa continues to draw other manga such as Aka-chan to Boku, New York New York, and Itsudemo Otenki Kibun.
D. J. Coffman is an American cartoonist.
His work is sometimes signed Jayzey Lynch.
Craig Matthew Thompson is a graphic novelist best known for his books Good-bye, Chunky Rice, Blankets, Carnet de Voyage and Habibi.
As part of the comics creator group Man of Action Studios, Kelly is one of the creators of the animated series Ben 10.
His most famous book is The Middle Passage: White Ships/Black Cargo.
Gilchrist started his comics career in the late 1970s with Superkernel Comics, a monthly comic book published by Weekly Reader Books in Middletown, Connecticut.
In 2008, she drew the one-shot Chuō-Sen Cinema Paradise for the magazine Jump SQ.
Bliss has a syndicated single-panel comic titled Bliss.
She has created several comic strip characters, such as Piratas do Tietê.
Grzegorz Rosiński is a Polish comic book artist.
Hideyuki Yonehara is a Japanese manga artist whose works include Udauda Yatteru Hima wa Nei and Full Ahead!
The second and final volume of the anthology was released in October 2008.
Laerte has collaborated with several publications such as Balão, O Pasquim, and Chiclete com Banana magazines and draws regularly for Folha de S. Paulo newspaper.
Around 1966 he moved into animation, working on films such as Yellow Submarine.
His brother was Roman Catholic theologian and philosopher Columba Ryan.
She was the creator of Brenda Starr, which at its peak during the 1950s ran in 250 newspapers.
Al Ewing is a British comics writer who has mainly worked in the small press and for 2000 AD.
He rusticated from Waseda University First Literature Department.
She specialises in shōjo manga, the most famous being Kare Kano: His and Hers Circumstances, which is set in Kanagawa.
His editorial cartoons have been published in Cleveland Scene, Cleveland Free Times, and The Plain Dealer.
His artwork is a reflection of his affection for wildlife.
Under the company names Known Associates Press and Amazing Montage Press, Zabel has also published his own series of mystery comics, The Trespassers.
In 2009, at the age of 71, he published The Complete Jack Survives with Buenaventura Press.
He served five years as a US Naval officer and got his break through the assistance of cartoonist Johnny Sajem.
Some of the early Nordling's pen names are Fred Nordley, F. Klaus, Ed Norris, and Clyde North.
Graham Higgins is a British writer and artist, designer and lecturer.
Her story, One More Jump , won the 1994 Shogakukan Manga Award for children's manga.
He is also a comics scholar focusing on literary theory and religious studies.
Louis Paradis is a Canadian comics artist, writer and illustrator from Montmagny, Quebec, Canada.
Andrew Pepoy is an American comic book writer and artist.
In his youth, Williamson developed an interest in comic strips, particularly Alex Raymond's Flash Gordon.
Todd Loren was an American comic book publisher, owner of Revolutionary Comics and its title Rock 'N' Roll Comics.
Seyed Ali Miraee is an Iranian cartoonist and illustrator for economic, political, cultural, and professional newspapers, magazines and Books.
He also wrote graphic novels such as Lex Luthor: The Unauthorized Biography, Sinking, Streets and The Psycho.
He is the artist and writer of The Incredible Conduit and white plastic.
Jason Shawn Alexander or J. Alexander is a painter, illustrator and draftsman from Portland, Tennessee.
In July 2016, she was inducted into the Eisner Hall of Fame.
Lewis served in the RAF, and became involved in science fiction fandom in the early 1950s.
He has cited Shotaro Ishinomori, Fujiko Fujio, and Fujio Akatsuka as manga creators by whom he is heavily inspired.
They dealt with being forced to say "hi" to the in-laws under embarrassing conditions, attending various weddings, and letting out bottled emotions.
Dalibor Talajić is a Croatian comic book artist.
Both manga are published by Monthly GFantasy.
His mother was Melitta Hering, daughter of Constantine Hering, a pioneer of homeopathy.
Warren Girard Ellis is an English comic book writer, novelist, and screenwriter.
Greg LaRocque is an American comics artist best known for his work on the Legion of Super-Heroes and The Flash.
He has worked on feature film tie-in comics such as Star Wars: General Grievous and Superman Returns Prequel #3.
and "The Billion Bug Highway" animations for NPR's Robert Krulwich.
He is best known as the creator of the comic series Usagi Yojimbo.
He is best known for his work on various DC Comics titles, most notably the Superman-related titles and a three-year run on The Power of Shazam!
Steve MacManus is a British comic writer and editor, particularly known for his work at 2000 AD.
As his career progressed, his comic work became more autobiographical.
Timothy Truman is an American writer, artist and musician.
A number of his comic strips have been translated into English, Spanish, Italian, German, Swedish, Danish and Greek.
McGuinness frequent collaborator, writer Jeph Loeb, had characterized McGuinness' art style as incorporating elements of artists Jack Kirby and Arthur Adams.
He drew for the Montreal Standard and for Maclean's he illustrated the writings of Gregory Clark and Robert Thomas Allen.
She also authors the manga adaptation of the game, which has been serialized in Hakusensha's monthly shōjo manga magazine, LaLa, since October 2003.
In 1991, she relocated with her family to Sauve, a village in Southern France.
With Lyn Chevli, she created the feminist anthology comic book series Tits & Clits Comix in 1972.
Dean Mullaney is an American editor, publisher, and designer whose Eclipse Enterprises, founded in 1977, was one of the earliest independent comic book companies.
Currently Kirk is exclusively signed for Marvel Comics.
Her first work was published in Garo in 1993.
He created the characters Nagraj, Doga, Bhokal, Yoddha etc.
Most of her works are featured in the monthly shōjo magazine Ciao.
Mari Ozawa is a Japanese josei manga artist who writes primarily for Kiss and Young You.
As of February 2011, he is working freelance after a period of exclusivity with DC Comics.
He was the co-creator of El Eternauta.
Irving "Irv" Novick was an American comics artist who worked almost continuously from 1939 until the 1990s
Lawrence Welz, better known as Larry Welz, is an American cartoonist, who created Cherry Poptart.
In 2016, Brown published a book about the videogame Tetris called Tetris: The Games People Play through First Second Books.
A graduate of The Kubert School, Parent began working for Archie immediately after graduation.
Margaret Shulock is an American cartoonist who works as a writer-artist on several features.
He was the bassist of the Belgrade rock bands "Viborg Dallas and "Vien lur", now playing in "Dekoder".
There was a period in comics beginning with the middle- to late-'30s when none of the artists owned their own drawings.
Joaquín Cera is a Spanish comic book writer more famous for his Pafman strip.
David Baron is an American comic book colorist from San Diego.
Jacques Martin was a French comics artist and comic book creator.
In the later part of her career, during the 1940s and 1950s, she became one of the country's most accomplished children's book illustrators.
Michael Alan Nelson is an American comic book writer and novelist.
François Walthéry is a Belgian comics artist, best known for his series featuring an adventurous flight attendant, Natacha.
Morales is the co-creator, along with Brian Augustyn, of the 1990s version of Black Condor.
For DC Comics she has edited titles such as Batgirl, Nightwing, Teen Titans, Red Hood and the Outlaws, Birds of Prey, and Green Arrow.
Experimenting with narrative continuity, he played a key role in the development of the comic strip at the end of the 19th century.
She is also an active performer, and is currently fronting the Auckland band The Biscuits.
Signe Wilkinson is an editorial cartoonist best known for her work at the Philadelphia Daily News.
However, Alphona made a return to comics in June 2009, doing art for the Captain Britain and MI: 13 annual.
"Rocke" Mastroserio was an American comic book artist best known as a penciler and inker for Charlton Comics.
Yōko Hanabusa is a Japanese shōjo manga artist.
Ernie Colón is an American comics artist known for his wide-ranging career, including working in the fields of children's comics, horror, and nonfiction.
Another book was released called Sketches from Victorian Times, though it is not an adventure.
In January 2012, he started pencilling Deadpool, written by Daniel Way, beginning with issue #50.
Benedito José Nascimento, better known as Joe Bennett, is a Brazilian comic book artist.
Michael Dalton Allred is an American comic book artist and writer most famous for his independent comics creation, Madman.
Born to Austrian-American immigrants Lewis and Aurelia Burr Oppers in Madison, Ohio, Frederick was the eldest of three children.
He graduated Academy of Fine Arts In Łódź.
During this time, Snyder also illustrated DC Comics' Suicide Squad.
Mark Verheiden is an American television, movie, and comic book writer.
After retiring from Mad, Feldstein concentrated on American paintings of Western wildlife.
Chris Sprouse is an American comics artist.
Gattel worked as a letterer in the production department of Marvel Comics' predecessor Timely Comics from 1947–1952.
Hermann Mejía is a New York artist with Venezuelan roots.
Scancarelli is also a prizewinning bluegrass fiddler.
Erika Moen is an American comic book artist, known for her autobiographical comic DAR, and the educationa/erotic comic Oh Joy, Sex Toy.
Thomas F. "Tom" Sutton was an American comic book artist who sometimes used the pseudonyms Sean Todd and Dementia.
Brodsky worked primarily behind the scenes, uncredited.
His most notable work was as the illustrator for Nisio Isin's manga series Medaka Box, which ran in Weekly Shonen Jump from 2009–13.
Philip Craig Russell, also known as P. Craig Russell, is an American comics artist, writer, and illustrator.
Shiho Sugiura debuted in 1994 and works under the BL publisher Tosuisha.
Renegade Press operated from 1984 to 1989.
For nearly 10 years Les has been working on Jonny Crossbones, a webcomic.
Bolling's work on Little Archie has earned him comparisons to Carl Barks for the wide emotional and stylistic range of his work.
She is best known for Makoto Call!
Her manga are typically shōjo works that are serialized in Ribon magazine.
"Whether it was a telephone or a slot machine or whatever, I would draw the things."
In 2012, Jeffrey Brown told USA Today about how Stamaty's Small in the Saddle had influenced his own career and about subsequently meeting the author.
At age twenty-two, Hanuka moved to New York City.
The third adventure, London Labyrinth, appeared in the Veronica weekly TV magazine and was also published as an album.
Jim Rugg is an American cartoonist and illustrator from Pittsburgh known for his tongue-in-cheek evocation of 1970s-era comics and pop culture.
Currently residing in Cambridge, Cambridgeshire, England Laura creates freelance illustrations.
He is the founder of the leading monthly cartoon magazine Humor & Caricature and is its founding and current publisher and editor-in-chief.
Peter Doherty is a British comic book artist and colourist.
On December 26th 2008 a US flag was flown in his honor over the Headquarters of the Multi-National Corps-Iraq.
Serge Huo-Chao-Si is a contemporary artist and comic book creator.
Chen Uen was a Taiwanese manhua artist.
While there, he worked at various jobs, from loading grain ships in Thunder Bay, Ontario, to surveying on the West Coast.
Norris cartoons remain popular today even though much of their original political or social context is gone.
Frank Le Gall, is a French author of comics.
Spark Plug was a merchandising phenomenon, and has been called the Snoopy of the 1920s.
Scott R. Kurtz is an American webcomic artist.
In November 2001 he went to Afghanistan as a war correspondent for The Village Voice and KFI Radio in Los Angeles.
Heather Nuhfer is an American comic book writer who frequently specializes in all-ages material.
Barry Windsor-Smith is a British comic book illustrator and painter whose best known work has been produced in the United States.
He was still a kid when he started drawing on the pavement of the village's streets.
She writes mainly for Margaret, where she debuted in 1979 at age 15 with Maggie.
Arthee "Art" Baltazar is an American comics artist and writer who currently works for DC Comics.
Gail Simone is an American writer of comic books.
Richard Bassford is an American illustrator who has worked in both advertising and comic books.
Bobby London is an American underground comix and mainstream comics artist.
Luciana Giussani was educated at the German School of Milan.
She exhibited interest in the arts at an early age, and sought a career as an illustrator in New York City at age fifteen.
Anthony Louis "Tony" DiPreta was an American comic book and comic strip artist active from the 1940s Golden Age of comic books.
Other series by her include Silver and Gold.
Newgarden has worked on various TV, film, and multimedia projects over the years for Nickelodeon, The Cartoon Network, Microsoft Corp, Packard-Bell, and others.
Other strips he drew for Battle included "Joe Two Beans", "Coward's Brand on Bradley", "Crazy Keller", "Death Squad", "The Fists of Jimmy Chang" and "Invasion 1984".
When Tower Comics folded, Schwartz spent a year at DC Comics, drawing stories and covers for their teen humor titles, Date with Debbi and Debbi's Dates.
Shirrel Rhoades is an American writer, publisher, professor, filmmaker, and the former executive vice president of Marvel Entertainment.
The Billy Ireland Cartoon Library & Museum was named in his honor in 2009.
Her earliest cartoons were published in Christopher Street and The Village Voice.
The brother-in-law of comics pioneer Joe Simon, Oleck's comic book career was basically in two parts.
Ace Backwords is a former underground cartoonist based in the United States.
as a phrase deflating pomposity and posing.
She is known for her shōjo style manhua.
A trip to Paris gave him the opportunity to paint and attend life-drawing classes.
Travel Foreman is an American comic book artist.
She worked for Marvel Comics throughout the 1980s and 1990s.
She is best known as for her role in helping create DC Comics' Vertigo imprint in 1993 and serving as the line's Executive Editor until 2013.
He was the winner of a 2011 Xeric Grant for the comic Love is a Peculiar Type of Thing.
Mulvihill started in comics at the age of 28.
His books have been translated into many languages.
Eighty of these are found in the collections of the National Museum of American History.
Davide Toffolo is an Italian author of comics books, including graphic non-fiction works, and musician.
Several of her works have been adapted as anime, including Jyu Oh Sei, Oz, Eight Clouds Rising, and Hanasakeru Seishōnen.
Only in 1983 did he find the time to create new stories, this time published in Spirou, where they ran until 1987.
Satoshi Shiki is a Japanese manga artist whose works include Kamikaze and Riot.
Bittle died of a heart attack while on vacation in Honduras.
He is best known for the manga Eyeshield 21, on which he collaborated with artist Yusuke Murata.
Born in Crawfordsville, Indiana, Holman lived as a child in Nappanee, Indiana, a town where six successful cartoonists lived when they were children.
Work on that collection reignited Fingerman’s desire to continue that story.
Higurashi was the cover artist for Big Comic, a Japanese manga magazine, for more than forty years, from 1970 until fall 2011.
Kieron Gillen is a British comic book writer and former computer game and music journalist.
Lundvald was the son of machinist Aage Fritz Lundvald and his wife Johanne Margrethe Frederiksen.
Jean Tabary was a French comics artist.
Bolling also drew the covers for most issues.
He is best known for his work embellishing John Byrne's pencils on Uncanny X-Men from 1977 to 1981.
The structure of the stories is very simple, with each volume having individual strips which follow some general plot guidelines.
White was survived by his wife Sharon, often referred to as "Perfect Wifey", and his children.
He was one of the most important exponents of the Czech comics since the late 1960s.
Eric Orchard is an award-winning Canadian illustrator and cartoonist.
[Art Director] John Putnam really appreciated that."
His work on the Phantom have been published in countries like Sweden, Norway, Finland, Denmark, England, Australia and Brazil.
He is best known for his contributions building the modern DC Comics animated franchise, the DC animated universe.
He first gained international attention for Hikaru no Go with Yumi Hotta, but is better known for Death Note and Bakuman.
Haruka Aizawa is a Japanese manga author and illustrator.
After the Allied liberation of Belgium in 1944, Le Soir was shut down and its staff – including Hergé – accused of having been collaborators.
Known for his comic strips in IPC Magazines comics such as Sweet Tooth and Junior Rotter in Whizzer and Chips.
Root is one of the premiere contemporary "good girl" artists, with an art style similar to Art Adams.'
Born in Truro, Nova Scotia, he grew up in Edmonton, Alberta.
Another series with Obata called Platinum End began in the December 2015 issue of Jump SQ on November 4, 2015.
He served as the editor of the Malayalam comics Poompatta and Balarama.
He is the president and Chief Creative Officer at DC Comics; he has served in the latter position since 2010.
Newgarden's work has appeared in a diverse array of venues from the pivotal avant-garde comics album RAW to the New York Times op-ed page.
Unusually for a creator on this venerable strip, Hart enjoys close links with the fan community.
In addition to his other work, Claassen keeps a daily comic journal, does work as a freelance illustrator / graphic designer, and paints large paintings.
In 1956, Raymond was killed in a car crash at the age of 46; he was survived by his wife and five children.
When Berlin's original publisher Black Eye Productions closed in 1998, Drawn & Quarterly took over the series.
He is widely regarded as one of the founding fathers of both Serbian and Russian comic strip.
His writings have appeared in a wide range of newspapers and magazines, including The Chicago Tribune, The Realist and MacUser magazine.
He is currently working with creator Javier Hernandez on their shared imprint, Xomix Comix.
As of 2016, she is drawing Wonder Woman for DC Comics.
González Loyo is the son of comic book artist Oscar González Guerrero.
Peter O'Donnell was a British writer of mysteries and of comic strips, best known as the creator of Modesty Blaise, an action heroine/undercover trouble-shooter.
Along with Mike Conroy, he started the Eagle Awards in 1976 and, with Dez Skinn, created the character Night Raven.
in the Japanese bishōjo magazine Dengeki G's Magazine.
Tom Fowler is a Canadian cartoonist living in Ottawa, Canada.
Born in Buenos Aires, Branca got interested in comics and arts at an early age, and started his career working for a children's magazine at 14.
These works include Arzach and the Airtight Garage of Jerry Cornelius.
Due to the publication of Muhammad cartoons in Charlie Hebdo, Charb became subject to death threats from Islamists.
It debuted as ninth bestseller on the New York Times Bestseller List for Paperback Graphic Books and remained on the list for three weeks.
His son was musician and restaurateur Zalman Yanovsky.
Sherman's daughter Cathy Sherman Freeman in 2012 published a memoir A Disney Childhood including several chapters on her father.
Most of his works were featured in Akita Shoten's Weekly Shōnen Champion magazine and published by Shonen Champion Comics.
Her most recent work for Marvel features Felicia Hardy, aka Black Cat.
In 2012 he was elected to the Will Eisner Award Hall of Fame.
She debuted in 1966 with the short story Dorobou Tenshi.
Beginning in April, 2000 Chris illustrated his creator-owned series Steampunk.
Although his wife survived, he died from the disease at the age of 43.
Meglia died on August 15, 2008 at the age of 50.
Eyeshield 21 was serialized between July 2002 and June 2009 in Weekly Shōnen Jump, and was later adapted into an anime television series.
Brian Stelfreeze is an American comic book artist.
In 2012, he started the manga series Destro 246 which has charted in Oricon's best-sellers.
The Complete Shojo Art Kit: Ilex Press, UK, 2009; Watson-Guptill, Usa, 2009
Ted Slampyak is an American comic strip cartoonist who until recently drew Little Orphan Annie.
In addition, he challenged the comics' industry's censorship organization, the Comics Code Authority, indirectly leading to it updating its policies.
Chica Umino is the pen name of an anonymous Japanese female manga artist, designer and illustrator.
He has been nominated for numerous Eisner Awards, and won a 2010 Emmy Award for TV design work.
Dean Motter is an illustrator, designer and writer who worked for many years in Toronto, Canada, New York City, and Atlanta.
For the abolitionist, see Henry Box Brown
She was born in Miyagi Prefecture, Japan.
He was inducted into the comic-book industry's Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2006.
Jeremy Talfer Nell, referred to by his pen name Jerm, is a South African cartoonist.
Other strips he worked on included "Jack O' Justice" and "The Duke of Dry Gulch".
Oscar González Guerrero is a comic book artist mostly known for his co-creations Hermelinda Linda and Zor y Los Invencibles.
His work has appeared in many media outlets including The Guardian, The Observer, The Financial Times and he has illustrated over thirty books so far.
Goran Parlov is a Croatian comic book artist.
Kaiji Kawaguchi is a Japanese manga author whose works include Eagle and Zipang.
Bob Budiansky is an American comic book writer, editor, and penciller, best known for his work on Marvel's Transformers comic.
William Morgan DeBeck, better known as Billy DeBeck, was an American cartoonist.
His main creations are Temptation and the semi-autobiographical strip Abe.
Her work is often autobiographical, and food is a common theme.
He conceived and designed the animation for the film Howl.
His most famous comic book work was with the 1960s superspy feature Nick Fury, Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D.
She illustrated the works of Neil Gaiman, Alan Moore, Warren Ellis, Joe R. Lansdale, Anne Rice, J. Michael Straczynski, Peter David and Tori Amos.
He created the comic strips Up All Night and Found in the Street, and has written scripts for DC Comics.
He studied Geology in the University of Tehran, and joined Gol-Agha, an Iranian political satire magazine as a cartoonist in 1991.
Lew Stringer is a freelance comic artist and scriptwriter.
Felipe Sobrepeña Calusa is a Filipino comics artist.
Gajić is best known as the illustrator of Scourge of the Gods, written by Valérie Mangin, and Technotise, written by Darko Grkinić.
Laura DePuy is a colorist who has produced work for several of the major comics companies, including DC Comics, Marvel Comics and CrossGen.
In 2012, she announced plans to republish Wandering Star as a monthly webcomic.
One Million Manga Characters: Andrews Mcmeel, Usa, 2010
Patrick Gleason is a comic book artist.
Sim worked on Cerebus Archives after completing Cerebus, and produced the comic books Glamourpuss, which examines the history of photorealistic comics, and Judenhass, about the Holocaust.
His major work Trigun was adopted into an anime series and film.
They are best known for the manga versions of the Pretty Cure franchise.
Josette Baujot was a Belgian artist and colorist.
Arthur was the recipient of a third-place Multimedia Innovation award from the White House News Photographers Association's 2011 Eyes of History: New Media Contest.
He began his professional career in 1993.
He died aged 54 in March 2009.
During this period, Lutes began writing and self-publishing his own comic work with Penny Dreadful Press.
He is the creator of Shatter, as well as an early adult video game, MacPlaymate.
He is most famous for his satirical comics filled with black humor, which have been published as books and in The Reykjavik Grapevine Magazine.
Harman dropped out of school after seven years and never had any formal art training.
Comics critic Douglas Wolk described it as "a keenly observed letter back home... the pleasure Knisley takes in food and company is infectious."
Serge Chapleau is a French-Canadian political cartoonist from the province of Quebec.
He has also contributed to several Gen¹³ comics, worked as writer and character designer for the Marvel Comics series Livewires, and done numerous freelance works.
William "Will" Henry Dyson was an Australian illustrator and political cartoonist.
Knight is also the artist for two strips appearing in Mad, "Father O'Flannity's Hot Tub Confessions" and "Bully Baby".
He is best known for his work on the Batman franchise at DC Comics.
Segrelles gained popularity in Europe for his painted comic book epic The Mercenary, started in 1980.
Blaise Larmee is best known for his graphic novella Young Lions and his work with 2dcloud.
Choi Kyung-ah is a South Korean manhwa artist.
He illustrated the 1970-71 FSU yearbook, Tally Ho, including a wraparound cover.
Jon Foster is an American freelance illustrator, penciler, and sculptor.
He was a film critic in a popular Icelandic radio program on Radíó X and hosted another program called Hugleikur on the same station.
Kyōko Ariyoshi is a Japanese shōjo manga artist.
Following his death, The Comics Reporter described him as having had "one of the most prolific and successful [cartooning] careers of the late 20th Century."
His style is classically based and often, as he puts it, with "a strong vision quest aspect."
Arp also contributed to the comics anthology Mome.
In 1961, Berry began working for the Newspaper Enterprise Association.
Stan Woch is an American artist who has worked on comic strips and comic books.
He was the creator of the series The Yellow Kid and Buster Brown, and is considered a key pioneer of the modern comic strip.
On his return to comics, the Philippine government commissioned him to do some murals, which he adapted from one of Paul Twitchell's books on Eckankar.
Douglas "Doug" Murray is an American comic book writer.
Steven "Steve" McNiven is a Canadian comic book artist.
He was a co-founder of the famed Franco-Belgian comics magazine Pilote.
He first became known as a cartoonist whose best-known work combines bland clip art with outrageous "trash talk" to incongruous effect.
She has colored Pretty Deadly, The Manhattan Projects, Moon Knight, The Vision, Magneto, Nowhere Men, Zero, and Hawkeye, among other titles.
During the Spanish Civil War, he lived in Valencia, and worked there as a professor of calligraphy at the Academia Comercial Morales.
He first drew Tilley for the cover of the magazine's first issue on February 21, 1925.
He is most famous for drawing the series Star of the Giants.
He spoke no English, but his daughter Marta acted as an interpreter for him.
Danny L. Adkins was an American illustrator who worked mainly for comic books and science-fiction magazines.
Cathy Lee Guisewite is an American cartoonist who created the comic strip Cathy, which had a 34-year run.
He began working for comic-book publishers in the 1940s, during the period fans and historians call the Golden Age of Comic Books.
Albert Chartier was a French-Canadian cartoonist and illustrator, best known for having created the comic strip Onésime.
It was in Taiwan that he was first exposed to Japanese manga.
Roald Als is a Danish cartoonist best known for his editorial cartoons in the Danish newspapers Weekendavisen and Politiken.
Nicholas Albert "Nick" Lowe, is the senior editor of the X-Men titles at Marvel Comics.
Gelman was the co-creator of Popsicle Pete and the co-creator of Bazooka Joe for Topps.
His most notable works include God of Bath and Annarasumanara.
In 1975, Rechin, Don Wilder and Brant Parker launched Crock, a strip depicting the French Foreign Legion.
Protomecha, Batgirl and Titans/Young Justice: Graduation Day.
Yagi's favorite Japanese comedic duo is Downtown.
Joe: A Real American Hero, based on the Hasbro toyline.
Tarpé Mills was the pseudonym of comic book creator June Mills, one of the first major female comics artists.
The series went on hiatus after production began on The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
He was co-publisher of All-American Publications, a seminal comic-book company that introduced such enduring fictional characters as Green Lantern, Wonder Woman and Hawkman.
In 1990, he started to draw "Fred's Bed" in The Beezer as understudy to Tom Paterson, although in practice Parkins drew the vast majority of strips.
Tibet, the pseudonym of Gilbert Gascard, was a French cartoonist in the Franco-Belgian comics tradition.
In 2006, the Library of Congress acquired the original art for Flood!
Steve Lightle is an American comics artist who has worked primarily as a penciller.
He is known as a writer for Blake and Mortimer and Thorgal.
He also made two episodes of Tif et Tondu.
He was nominated in the 2003 Ditmar Award for best Australian Artwork for his AustrAlien Absurdities Cover.
He is associated with Weekly Shōnen Jump.
Other works include Lilim Kiss, Akane-chan overdrive and Ane Doki.
He also had a comic book featuring his own characters, Kaptain Keen and Kompany, which ran for six issues and was optioned for television in 1986.
Joe Gentile is an American author, editor and the founder of Moonstone Books, a Chicago publishing house.
The pen name is derived from the legendary sword-smith Masamune.
Yves Rodier is a Franco-Québécois comic strip creator known for his many pastiches of The Adventures of Tintin.
Robyn E. Kenealy is a comic book artist and organiser in the New Zealand art communities.
Malachy Coney is a comics writer and cartoonist from Belfast, Northern Ireland.
He is best known as the creator of Discovery Kids's animated television series Tutenstein and Cartoon Network's The Secret Saturdays.
It peaked at 50,000 copies per month with over one million comics in print.
Gerber was known for including lengthy text pages in the midst of comic book stories, such as in his graphic novel, Stewart the Rat.
While these series proved commercially unsuccessful and were canceled, the Fourth World's New Gods have continued as a significant part of the DC Universe.
He is also a trustee at the Museum of Comic and Cartoon Art.
He has a cult following amongst minicomic fans with his series Deviant Funnies and Isolation Chamber.
Dawn Marie Best-Eshleman is an American artist and author known for her work in the Archie Comics version of Sonic the Hedgehog.
He is the creator of the Homies line of toys.
Froideval dedicated the Black Moon Chronicles series to Gary Gygax in the last album End of Times through these words:
The book was drawn by Giancarlo Caracuzzo and published by American Mythology Productions.
He's also good to work with — he's always on time, and can meet practically any kind of deadline.
Since that her works are known for her sharp sense of humor and parody.
He has composed cartoons that could be read either horizontally, vertically, or in diagonal, et vice-versa.
Arthur "Art" Adams is an American comic book artist and writer.
Ten weeks later, he walked into Mad's offices unannounced.
He inked comic book version of Tom and Jerry and Bugs Bunny.
It seemed appropriate that I should name the character Linus."
Clarence Matthew Baker was an American comic book artist who drew the costumed crimefighter Phantom Lady, among many other characters.
He was the cartoon editor for The New Yorker magazine from 1997 to April 29, 2017.
Comics Alliance listed Doran as one of twelve women cartoonists deserving of lifetime achievement recognition.
He has written more than 35 books, plays and screenplays.
In 1937, he created his signature strip, the weekly Prince Valiant, a fantasy adventure set in medieval times.
Horikoshi is a graduate of Nagoya University of Arts and a native of Aichi Prefecture.
He worked for almost every major newspaper from the late 1960s to mid-'90s.
Edouard Paape, commonly known as Eddy Paape, was a Belgian comics artist best known for illustrating the series Luc Orient.
Bob Burden is an American comic book artist and writer, best known as the creator of Flaming Carrot Comics and the Mystery Men.
Today, he continues to work for Archie Comics, drawing new stories for digests.
Ed Pinsent is a British cartoonist, artist, and writer.
Other series he wrote scripts for included "Dan Dare" for Eagle, "Jet-Ace Logan" in The Comet and Tiger and "The Spellbinder" for Lion.
SMS is a Lancashire-based artist known for his award-winning covers for science-fiction magazine, Interzone, and for his work for British anthology magazine 2000 AD.
In September 2006, Arp's work was featured in an exhibit at the Cartoon Art Museum in San Francisco, as well as a museum in New York.
Born Violet Barclay, she adopted "Valerie" in adulthood, after actress Valerie Hobson, though without filing for legal change of name.
His idiosyncratic religious conversion in 1996 has coloured his work and writing since, including the later Cerebus novels.
His works were executed in his distinct ligne claire drawing style.
Michael Gaydos is an American comics artist.
He is best known for his work on Wonder Woman for DC Comics and The Transformers for Marvel Comics.
He is also the writer/artist of the black-and white-comic series Paleo: Tales of the Late Cretaceous.
Almost all of her works are published by Kodansha.
Pete Costanza was an American comic book artist and illustrator.
Ethen Beavers is an American comic book artist from Modesto, CA.
William "Will" Murray is an American novelist, journalist, and short-story and comic-book writer.
I first submitted a manga story a while after I graduated from high school.
With writer Nat Gertler, he co-authored The Complete Idiot's Guide to Creating a Graphic Novel.
In 2015, Claremont and his X-Men collaborator John Byrne were entered into the Will Eisner Award Hall of Fame.
Minoru Furuya is a Japanese manga artist from Saitama Prefecture.
In 2011, he became the writer of DC's relaunched Wonder Woman series.
Dennis Morales Francis is a comic book creator, artist, and writer.
Lee received a National Medal of Arts in 2008.
Natsumi Itsuki is a Japanese shōjo manga artist best known for writing science fiction manga.
Born in Richfield, Utah, Bess grew up attending schools in Nevada, Oregon and Utah, finishing high school in Hailey, Idaho.
His work has also been published in the San Francisco Chronicle, The Berkeley Daily Planet, the Algemeiner Journal and others.
Alcaraz recently taught as a faculty member at Otis College of Art & Design.
Richard A. Scott is an ex-Alaskan freelance, comic book artist, writer, videographer and voice talent.
In My Memory: Youth Comic, China, 2002
His work appears internationally in economic, intellectual, political and cultural magazines.
He is best known for his long run on Catwoman between 1993 and 1999.
John Freeman is a British writer/editor/designer known for his work with Marvel UK, and on Doctor Who Magazine and The Really Heavy Greatcoat.
He has worked primarily as an inker, though occasionally as a penciller, for several publishers, including Marvel Comics and later DC Comics.
His magazine writing included pieces for the men's adventure magazines Saga, Stag, and Blue Book, and the more general-interest Coronet.
He retired from logging in 1961 and began work as a commercial fisherman.
Jan van Oort was a Dutch children's book writer and comic strip cartoonist, working under the pseudonym of Jean Dulieu.
Leigh Rubin is the creator of the syndicated comic strip Rubes.
Rumiko Takahashi is a Japanese manga artist.
Jerry Bittle was a cartoonist who drew the comic strips Geech and Shirley and Son.
He then became a staff cartoonist at The Village Voice beginning in 1956, where he produced the weekly comic strip titled Feiffer, until 1997.
Celso L. "Sonny" Trinidad was a Filipino comics artist who worked in the Filipino and American comic book industries.
Simon Davis is a British comics artist known for his fully painted art work on Sinister Dexter, Black Siddha and Stone Island.
Jack Adler was an artist who worked as a cover artist and colorist for DC Comics.
Yuki Amemiya is a Japanese manga artist.
His style is known for big, friendly faces and a sharp sense of visual humor.
The Harvey Award was named in Kurtzman's honor in 1988.
Hart was recognized with several awards, including the Swedish Adamson Award and five from the National Cartoonists Society.
He won National Newspaper Awards in 1986, 1995, 2001 and 2005 for his work.
His hardboiled graphic novels series Alack Sinner is a noted source for Frank Miller's Sin City.
He is co-founder and the general secretary of the Association of Serbian comics artists.
/blankpage was a collaborative project with sixteen other artists belonging to Freelance created for Ip-Art 2004.
In these performances, she described her experiences as an aging woman dealing with physical vanity, sexual desire and an overlong birthday-party guest list.
Oliver Wendell "Ollie" Harrington was an American cartoonist and an outspoken advocate against racism and for civil rights in the United States.
She is best known for the manga series Kekkaishi, which has been adapted as an anime television series and translated into many languages.
After the death of his partner, Templeton completed the strip on its own until its cancellation on January 1, 2000.
They have also appeared in "The Best Editorial Cartoons of Campaign 2008".
She was one of the few women working in mainstream American comics during that time.
He has been designated a "Painter Master" by The Corel Corporation.
In four years, 20 000 copies of each have been sold in France.
He wrote and illustrated the three volume Mail series.
His style is heavily influenced by metafiction, folk tales, and magical realism.
Romberger's book "Post York," which included a flexi-disc of a song by Crosby Romberger, was nominated for an Eisner Award in 2013 for Best Single Issue.
Piskor was fascinated by comics throughout his childhood.
He is the illustrator of Gordon Rennie-scripted horror tale Caballistics, Inc..
William Blake "Bill" Everett was a comic book writer-artist best known for creating Namor the Sub-Mariner and co-creating Daredevil with writer Stan Lee for Marvel Comics.
In 2004, she won the Eisner Award for Best Colorist.
Guido Guidi is an Italian comic book artist and penciller.
Although the series received critical praise, the combination of poor sales, Wagner's lack of business experience, and his divorce in 1991 contributed to financial difficulties.
Among his works were Karpov, Darmo Kandado, Vertud and Children's Bible sa Wikang Filipino.
He worked mainly as a painter, illustrator, and comics artist.
He also served as co-writer on DC's Superboy and the Ravers.
Bernard Verlhac, known by the pseudonym Tignous, was a French cartoonist.
John R. Beatty is an American illustrator who has worked for Marvel Comics and DC Comics, primarily as an inker.
David Anthony Kraft also credited simply as David Kraft, is an American comic book writer, publisher, and critic.
His most notable work was the sports manga Dan Doh!
Kiely was born in Bracebridge, Ontario, raised in Kitchener, and attended the University of Waterloo.
She's the owner and founder of the first Dominican comic books company, XSIDE Comics and also owns a clothing line called Elliz Clothing .
Kou Fumizuki is a Japanese manga artist.
Laura Allred is a comics artist who is best known for her work with her husband, Mike Allred, as a colorist.
As an artist, she has worked with well-known comics creators such as Jeff Lemire, Joe Keatinge and Mike Allred.
Illustrating his mother Joan Raeside's children's books got him his start in the art business.
He was also the first artist to draw Roy of the Rovers.
An attorney who worked as a public defender, Mantlo was the victim of a hit-and-run accident in 1992 and has been in institutional care ever since.
Jackson described the production as the world's largest home movie, due to the independence and sense of family.
Bernard "Hap" Kliban was an American cartoonist.
Akinori Kidera, known under the pen name Daichi Banjō, is a Japanese manga artist.
Bliss has illustrated many books, and produced hundreds of cartoons and 19 covers for The New Yorker.
He also worked on The Tick the New Series from New England Comics.
Freddy Milton is a Danish comic-book writer-artist, best known for his work on Disney comics, Woody Woodpecker and Gnuff.
Ryan worked extensively for Marvel Comics and DC Comics on a number of super-hero comic book titles.
Claire Bretécher is a French cartoonist, known particularly for her portrayals of women and gender issues.
Charles Monroe Schulz, nicknamed Sparky, was an American cartoonist best known for the comic strip Peanuts.
Hernandez has written several short stories for collections of science fiction and fantasy.
He is the brother of comics writer/artist Rick Veitch.
John Lindley Byrne is an American comic-book writer and artist.
Motofumi Kobayashi is a Japanese manga artist.
He is best known for the basketball series Slam Dunk, which is one of the best-selling manga series in history, and the samurai manga Vagabond.
Philippe Dupuy and Charles Berbérian are French cartoonists most famous for their series of Franco-Belgian comics albums featuring the character Monsieur Jean.
Doug "Dougie" Braithwaite is a British comic book artist.
Wolfer soon began writing and illustrating many of Avatar's most popular titles, collaborating with many renowned writers including Warren Ellis, Garth Ennis and Alan Moore.
From 1922 to 1925, Patterson, as Charles N. Landon had done before, distributed a mail-order art instruction course.
At 16, Branca found employment as assistant animator for an advertising company.
He collaborated with his wife, Mary M. Talbot to produce Dotter of Her Father's Eyes, which won the 2012 Costa biography award.
While at AG, he developed the Soft Touch greeting card line.
Slifer was the victim of a hit-and-run accident in 2012 that left him in institutional care until his death.
Anupam Sinha is an Indian comic book artist and writer, credited as the creator of the Raj Comics superhero Super Commando Dhruva.
Ariel Schrag is an American cartoonist and television writer who achieved critical recognition at an unusually early age for her autobiographical comics.
He is best known for his Disney comics, which appeared in Dell Comics and Gold Key Comics from 1946 to 1984.
He is the signature penciler of Marvel's World War II comic Sgt.
Her first piece, a one-shot, was about old-style talking demons.
Lee Bermejo is an American comics artist whose published work includes interior illustrations and cover art.
Up to that time, all Tarzan comics were reprints from the newspaper strips.
He is also known for his soccer series, Hungry Heart: Wild Striker.
Alexander George "Alex" Gurney was an Australian artist, caricaturist, and cartoonist born at Pasley House, Stoke, Devonport, England.
Ralph Snart is his most successful creation that began in 1986, which had newsstand and direct market distribution.
Dumm was one of Pekar's most frequent and longest-running collaborators on American Splendor; his no-frills style fit the tone of Pekar's tales of quotidian life.
Ed Furness was one of five comic book creators inducted into the Joe Shuster Awards Canadian Comic Book Creator Hall of Fame in April 2005.
He was also a prolific contributor to Western Publishing's line of comic books.
William C. "Bill" Jaaska was an American comic book artist.
The first Forðist okkur, is based on one of his books.
Eric Heuvel is a Dutch cartoonist best known for his cartoons about World War II.
The series ended in 1988 as he was busy in college.
The Comics Journal described Johnston as having claimed to be "the oldest extant comics news reporter on the Internet."
A live-action film based on her work Pride was released in 2009.
Frank Odoi, one of Africa's foremost cartoonists, was born in the mining town of Tarkwa in Western Ghana in 1948.
He also drew most of the company's in-house ads, and contributed many covers to titles like Pep Comics.
Guiyeoni is the pen name of internet novelist Lee Yoon-sae.
André François, born André Farkas, was a Hungarian-born French cartoonist.
Sullivan was a guest at the August 1998 Comic-Con International in San Diego, California, where he was reunited with some of his former colleagues.
In the 1970s, Murray edited Heritage, a 2-issue fanzine dedicated to Flash Gordon.
His most recent book, Cosmopolitanism and the Middle Ages, co-edited with Shayne Legassie, was published in 2013.
In 2011, she became the writer for Batgirl.
Andy Runton is the creator of the graphic novel series Owly, first published in 2005 by Top Shelf.
His work includes Marvel Comics' Deadpool and DC Comics' the Justice Society of America.
Titles Yurkovich has written and illustrated include Altercations, Haunted, Death by Chocolate, The S.H.O.P., and The Broccoli Agenda.
Cartoonist Will Elder said he found Wolverton's technique "outrageously inventive, defying every conventional standard yet upholding a very unusual sense of humor.
She often portrays herself as a bespectacled cow.
Both Maurer and Starsiak were widowers when they first met in Sonoma, California.
David Campiti is an American animation producer, comic book writer, talent agent, and co-founder of Innovation Publishing.
His comics are noted for their blending of the real and the surreal.
Ian Akin is a comic book artist, known primarily for inking.
Marie Severin is an American comics artist and colorist best known for her work for Marvel Comics and the 1950s' EC Comics.
Douglas S. Wildey was a cartoonist and comic book artist best known for creating the 1964 animated television series, Jonny Quest for Hanna-Barbera Productions.
Julie Doucet is a Canadian underground cartoonist and artist, best known for her autobiographical works such as Dirty Plotte and My New York Diary.
In 1992, he helped form Image Comics, pulling the occult anti-hero character Spawn from his high school portfolio and updating him for the 1990s.
Sprang's Batman was notable for his square chin, expressive face and barrel chest.
He has been nominated for five Eisner Awards.
He has worked on horror titles such as "Night of the Living Dead," "Friday the 13th," and "Escape of the Living Dead."
The postmodern book depicts Nazis as cats, Jews as mice, and ethnic Poles as pigs, and took thirteen years until its completion in 1991.
Caran d'Ache was the pseudonym of the 19th century French satirist and political cartoonist Emmanuel Poiré.
Her first black-and-white album, El Brillo de una Mirada, came out in 1990, written by Emilio Ruiz.
Luke Pearson is a British cartoonist who is best known for the Hilda series of comics for Nobrow Press.
Martinus Spyridon Johannes Lodewijk is a Dutch comics writer and cartoonist, and advertising adviser.
Arthur Floyd Gottfredson was an American cartoonist best known for his defining work on the Mickey Mouse comic strip.
He draws in a contemporary/gothic manga style.
Antony Johnston is a British writer of comics, video games, and novels.
Since 2001, Kitching has lectured at Teesside University.
His first prose novel, Before Tomorrowland, a prequel to the film and co-written with Case, was released on April 7, 2015.
His work later appeared in Fooey and Sick.
Bittle's family founded the Jerry Bittle Educational Trust in his memory.
Comics, and The Titans, The Flash, Beast Boy, The Human Race, Day of Vengeance, The Creeper, and 52 for DC.
The president of DC Comics from 2002–2009, he has worked for the company for over 35 years in a wide variety of roles.
Jean Roba was a Belgian comics author from the Marcinelle school.
In the early 1970s through his efforts Carl Barks was granted permission to create and sell oil paintings of the Donald Duck clan.
Berryman was a prominent figure in Washington, D.C., and President Harry S. Truman once told him, "You are ageless and timeless.
The series ended in November 2014 and was followed by Masuda Kōsuke Gekijō Gag Manga Biyori GB.
She won a special award in the Sense of Gender Awards in 2003 with her work The Four Hundred Blows.
He sometimes used the pseudonyms Jay Taycee and F. C. Aljohn.
White studied animation under former Disney animator Milt Neil at The Kubert School.
She is best known for Dramacon, an original English-language manga spanning three volumes and published in North America by Tokyopop.
Roger Sabin, a writer about comics and lecturer at Central St. Martins in London, England, said of the Bart Dickon series:
He currently is still working on the same series since 2005 and was occasionally working in Archie Comics' now-ended side-series Sonic X.
Kalman is a native Torontonian and resides there still.
When the designs were approved by Goldwater and Shorten, Bolling was assigned to write and draw the first issue of Little Archie.
She has been nominated for an Eisner Award twice.
In 1993, her high school romance Pops was adapted as an OVA by Madhouse.
Robert Lee Washington III was an American writer of comic books, known for co-creating Static and the Shadow Cabinet, both for Milestone Media.
Boulet, the pen name for Gilles Roussel, is a French comic book creator and cartoonist born 1 February 1975 in Meaux, France.
Milton Knight is an American cartoonist/animator, comic book artist and writer, painter, and storyboard/layout artist known for his Golden Age cartooning style.
His alternative comics caught the public's attention in the early 1980s, via Robert Crumb's Weirdo anthology.
Lutes has two children, Clementine and Max, with his partner Becka Warren.
For The Children's Newspaper, he wrote the adventures of twins "Bill and Jill", starting in 1948.
He did significant work for 2000 AD, and he has frequently worked with writer Alan Moore, most notably as colourist for Watchmen.
Miwa Ueda is a Japanese manga artist known for her works like Peach Girl and Angel Wars.
He scored a success when he headed in a new direction, submitting his cartoons to a variety of different magazines, including Liberty, Redbook, Collier's and Life.
Loubert's brother is Michael Loubert, who designed the original map used as the basis of Cerebus's world, Estarcion.
His paternal grandfather was originally from Piamonte, and emigrated to Argentina to be an Agricultural producer and a fruit seller.
He is best known as the director of Sunrise and Toei Company's Robot Romance Trilogy, which added human drama to the Super Robot Genre.
Although much of his early professional artwork is signed Wallace Wood, he became known as Wally Wood, a name he claimed to dislike.
He also published English-language comics for several British newspapers, including his second best-known work Romeo Brown.
[1] She has also illustrated and published works for 講談社, 飛鳥新社 and other Japanese magazines.「クレアボヤンス」is an e-comic published by 太田出版 in 2011.
She occasionally used the pen name "Sylvia Silicosis."
During the Golden Age of comics Oleck wrote for EC Comics and the Simon-Jack Kirby Studio.
He has a longtime interest in bicycling and hanggliding and is an avid triathlete, having completed his first triathlon in 1981.
Both Backstage Prince and Black Bird are licensed in English in North America by Viz Media.
Smith served as president of the National Cartoonists Society and ran his own syndicate, Al Smith Feature Service.
Clifford Sterrett was an American cartoonist best known as the creator of the comic strip Polly and Her Pals.
Scott Gray is a comic book writer from New Zealand who lives and works in the UK.
After gradually giving up working for Aircel, Cooper spent a few years in a band before eventually returning to comics.
His works have debuted in Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine and its affiliates.
The 1957 comedy film The Sad Sack starring Jerry Lewis was based on Baker's fictional character.
William "Will" Simpson is a Northern Irish comic artist.
Born Bernard Granger in Douai, he studied screen printing at the School of Fine Arts in Angoulême.
Attila Adorjany is a commercial illustrator, web designer and motiongraphics designer, creative consultant and a critically acclaimed comic book creator.
The 1994 horror film Cemetery Man was inspired from Sclavi's novel Dellamorte Dellamore.
He did several commissions for Glénat, Marvel Comics and Semic Comics
He has received critical praise for his unconventional and often surrealist art style.
By this point he was drawing "Desperate Dan" for the Dandy, along with a revival of another Beano strip, "The Three Bears".
Pasko has worked for many comics publishers, but is best known for his work with DC Comics over three decades.
Oscar Zárate is an Argentine comic book artist and illustrator.
Mark Buckingham is a British comic book artist.
Jim Lawson is an American comic book writer and artist best known for his work on the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles series.
William Douglas "Bill" Oakley was a letterer for numerous comic books from Marvel, DC, and other companies.
Harold Anthony LeDoux was an American artist best known for his work on the newspaper comic strip Judge Parker.
Espinosa was nominated for three 2006 Eisner Awards: Best New Series, Best Continuing Series, and Best Cover Artist.
His comics often poke fun at fandom, even while making it clear that Dorkin is a fan himself.
He also worked as an art director at Wells Fargo in San Francisco as well.
In books like Life Under Sanctions and Bulletins from Serbia, he portrays the region's emotional twisting and impossible conditions in a dark yet amusing manner.
Since 2013, Persoff has been working on a comics biography with Scott Marshall of underground journalist John Wilcock.
Clifford Kennedy Berryman was a Pulitzer Prize–winning cartoonist with The Washington Star newspaper from 1907 to 1949.
The Phantom Blot and Super Goof comic books contained many Murry stories.
Sam Henderson is an American cartoonist, writer and expert on American comedy history.
I am never bored with drawing like this.
Briel also did the comic Hulbert and wrote a few others.
In late 2015, Gray announced several new comic book properties he'll be illustrating with actor/comedian, Kenny Hotz.
Describing Jaffee, Peanuts creator Charles Schulz wrote, "Al can cartoon anything."
He has a twin brother named Seth Mann who works primarily as his inker.
Charles Vess is an American fantasy artist and comics artist who has specialized in the illustration of myths and fairy tales.
He currently lives in San Diego, California.
Spawn was a popular hero in the 1990s and encouraged a trend in creator-owned comic book properties.
Adrian Smith is a British illustrator, best known for his numerous illustrations for Games Workshop's games.
Romeo Tanghal is a Filipino comics artist who has worked primarily as an inker.
Tezuka died of stomach cancer in 1989.
Dan Parent is an American comic book artist and writer best known for his work for Archie Comics.
Her debut was in the January 2001 issue of Hana to Yume with Soul Rescue.
His first big hit was a romantic comedy B Virgin, and he is also known for the manga adaptation of Zebraman.
He attended the Art Institute of Pittsburgh, graduating in 1955.
Thomas Albert Wilson, better known as Tom Wilson, was an American cartoonist.
Baker was inducted into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2009.
He is most known for his cover work on Incredible Hulk and Iron Fist, as well as many other comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Alexander "Zander" Cannon is an American cartoonist, known for his work on books such as Top 10 and Smax.
Steve Roberts is a British comics artist, best known for his work on the long-running humour strip Bec & Kawl.
In the late 1990s, he created the series Young Heroes in Love.
Curtis is currently best known for Dick Tracy, but he is also the third largest collector of Superman memorabilia in the United States.
Said Aragonés, who speaks six languages, "Even I could not understand him that well."
Sean Phillips is a British comic book artist, known for his work on DC Comics' Sleeper, WildC.A.T.s, Batman and Hellblazer.
Many of Ahern's comic strips took a surreal or screwball approach, notably The Squirrel Cage with its nonsensical catchphrase "Nov shmoz ka pop."
Esposito was inducted into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2007.
Thompson has received four Harvey Awards, three Eisner Awards, and two Ignatz Awards.
Their daughter Sophie Crumb has also followed a cartooning career.
In 1999 the cartoonist completed writing and directing four episodes of B.
He has even inked and occasionally colored a few issues.
He changed the series title to Poison Elves with #8, and continued through #20.
She was formerly known as Mokona Apapa; she dropped her last name because it sounded too "immature".
He previously worked as a comic book artist in the 1980s and 1990s.
Other comic books by Worden were, Slur, Bongo Dick, Pedestrian Vulgarity, Suburban Teens On Acid, and Acidboy.
David Lewis is an American comic book and graphic novel writer.
Jean Louis Pesch, from his real name Jean-Louis Poisson, is a French author of comics series, including Sylvain et Sylvette.
Onli coined the term "Rhythmism" to define and interpret his stylizations, which fuse primitive and futuristic concepts.
Scott Kolins is an American illustrator, writer, and creator of multiple different superhero and science fiction comic books.
John Leonard Goldwater founded MLJ Comics, and served as editor and co-publisher for many years.
In 2012, Burr collaborated with writer Michael Goodwin on Economix: How our Economy Works In Words and Pictures, published by Abrams Books.
Ivan Reis is a Brazilian comics artist.
Kiriko Nananan is a Japanese manga artist from Tsubame, Niigata.
Since 1996 he has been selected every year for the exhibition of the German Cartoon Prize.
Arcudi grew up in Buffalo, New York.
He was initially known professionally as Jeffery Scott, but is best known as J. Scott Campbell.
More than eighty titles have appeared in the series, which has sold 3 million copies.
On 7 January 2015 Verlhac was killed in the Charlie Hebdo shooting.
Frank Thorne is an American comic book artist-writer, best known for the Marvel Comics character Red Sonja.
Here he received the nickname lisca di pesce because of his thin figure, that he will use as his signature during his career.
Saori Oguri is a Japanese manga artist born in Gifu Prefecture, Japan.
Sturm is also the founder of the National Association of Comics Art Educators, an organization committed to helping facilitate the teaching of comics in higher education.
He is a graduate of and an instructor of second-year classes at The Kubert School, founded by his father who also taught there.
Her debut work was a one volume manga titled Tennen Yuuryouji.
These backups were illustrated by Nate Bellegarde, and included such characters as the Deep-Fried Monkey, Deep-Fried Pirate, and pseudo-autobiographical versions of the duo themselves.
Gary Erskine is a Scottish comic book artist born in Paisley, near Glasgow in 1968.
Florence Steinberg was an American publisher of one of the first independent comic books, the underground/alternative comics hybrid Big Apple Comix, in 1975.
Harris was able to use his personal interests in weapons and martial arts to establish himself as an illustrator for characters like The Punisher and G.I.
Mark Newgarden is an American underground cartoonist.
He also illustrated the children's book Patrick and the Backhoe by Howard White and Bush Poems by Peter Trower.
Returning to Disney, he became head of the Publications Dept.
Peter Gross is an American comic book writer and artist known for such works as The Books of Magic, Lucifer and The Unwritten.
Publisher Bill Moyers brought Darcy back to Newsday, where he would remain until his retirement 1997.
His first comic ever self-written and self-produced Unhuman, based on the Three Kingdoms period and released in 1996, had won him numerous awards and recognitions.
In 1993 he began self-publishing his best-known title, The Magic Whistle, now published by Alternative Comics.
Catootje, the younger bespectacled half of the two daughters, is modelled after Andrea.
Because of the time it takes Ross to produce his art, he primarily serves as a plotter and/or cover artist.
Ed Piskor is an alternative comics artist operating out of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Eight Drabble books and a line of greeting cards have been published, but are currently all out of print at least for the time being.
Ann Carolyn Telnaes is an editorial cartoonist.
It has been adapted into movies and online drama for many times.
Éric Thériault is a Canadian comics artist, writer, illustrator and blogger living in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Her work is concerned with such topics as "sex, violence, menstruation and male/female issues."
Danijel Žeželj is a Croatian comic book artist, animator, painter and illustrator and author of a number of graphic novels.
Christos N. "Chris" Gage is a Greek-American screenwriter and comic book writer.
Alexander Hume Anderson Jr. was an American cartoonist who created the characters of Rocky the Flying Squirrel, Bullwinkle, and Dudley Do-Right, as well as Crusader Rabbit.
Piskor also illustrated Pekar's graphic novel Macedonia, which was released in 2007 through Villard Books.
Dury originally worked with Donald in Donald's small office at his parents' house in Jesmond.
In 2000, Higurashi received a special Shogakukan Manga Award for his lifetime achievement as a manga illustrator.
Asaf Hanuka is an Israeli illustrator and comic book artist, notable for his autobiographical comic The Realist.
Francis Chuck Patton is an African-American comics artist and animator.
He is best known for his work at Jim Lee's Wildstorm Productions.
In January 2012 Yurkovich announced that Five Years, a 350-page graphic novel, was in development and scheduled for a summer 2014 release.
He was a screenwriter for such animated television series as The Mighty Hercules and The Superman/Aquaman Hour of Adventure.
Hughes provided the art for many of the company's comics, including Lady Death, Evil Ernie, and the short-lived superhero series Detonator .
Mullaney and his work have received seven Eisner Awards.
His current project is Empowered, which he has been ongoing since 2007.
Collaborating with him at Dígame and Gutiérrez were Enrique Jardiel Poncela, Edgar Neville, Miguel Mihura, José López Rubio and Tono.
Cutie B #2: Dargard, France, October, 2008
In 2011, "Aaron and Ahmed," a collaboration with MacArthur Prize fellow Jay Cantor, was released by Vertigo/DC Comics.
He is better known for his work on Marvelman and Fables.
In the 1970s he also provided art for some episodes of Enzo Biagi's History of Italy in Comics.
The same year he joined the newly launched Valiant, a title he would be associated with for the next thirteen years.
After a stint in the Army Sherman followed up on Roy Jr's offer and went to work at Disney handling publicity for foreign markets.
Other strips he has drawn include The Secret Gymnast in Bunty.
He was of Taiwanese and Japanese ancestry.
Both as a cartoonist and historian, Robbins has long been involved in creating outlets for and promoting female comics artists.
This series pitted Sherlock Holmes and Dr Watson against a legion of undead zombies.
John Tomlinson is a British comic book writer and editor known for his work on various 2000 AD strips.
Ricardo Álvarez-Rivón  is the creator of Turey el Taino, Puerto Rico's most successful locally produced comic book-magazine.
Alfredo Castelli is an Italian comic book author and writer.
In the 1980s Gröss was editor and publisher of Kung-Fu Warriors, Shred and Tales of the Ninja Warriors.
His most widely circulated effort is a series of space fantasy postage stamps done for the United States Postal Service.
and to create a new series, "Darklight".
Alcaraz was also Consulting Producer and Writer on the Seth MacFarlane–executive produced animated show Bordertown, which ran one 13-episode season on Fox.
His weekly newspaper feature was posted to his Twitter mini-blog page the week after newspapers have published it.
Fernando Pasarin is a Spanish comic book artist.
His older brother Jean-Louis Floch was also a cartoonist and illustrator.
Woodrow Phoenix is a British comics artist, writer, editorial illustrator, graphic designer, font designer and author of children's books.
One of Yardley's first known, original comics was a series known as Nate and Steve, on which he worked with three of his friends.
Two of her works have been made into live-action movies: Blue and Strawberry Shortcakes.
He won a Pulitzer Prize in 2010, the first ever for his genre of editorial cartoons.
Freeze, the second Clayface, and Bat-Mite, as well as the original heroes Bat-Girl, Batwoman, and Ace the Bat-Hound.
Amongo was born in Santa Cruz, Manila, Philippines.
Ueda began producing Furiten-kun, a comic book strip about a mahjong player, in 1979.
Harry Hanan was a British cartoonist, best known as the creator of the pantomime comic strip Louie which he began in 1947.
Overseas, Sailor Moon's anime adaptations have been more successful than the manga and are credited with boosting Japanese animation's popularity in the Western world.
Dustin Nguyen is an Eisner Award winning and New York Times best selling comic book artist.
With husband Batton Lash, Estrada co-founded Exhibit A Press in 1994 to publish Lash’s comic book, Wolff & Byrd, Counselors of the Macabre.
She has done educational book development, children’s book illustration, book cover illustration, and magazine illustration.
He is best known for his work on many different Transformers designs, for both the defunct Dreamwave Productions and with IDW Publishing.
Jeremy Haun is a freelance comic book artist.
Since then, his published comics include Sam's Manhua Series and Leung's Saga Series.
Alice Mak is an artist and cartoonist.
A fine artist by education, Binder had a prolific comics career that lasted primarily from 1937 to 1953, through his most concentrated work was through 1946.
From April 1 to September 9, 2007, Kelso published a weekly comic strip in The New York Times Magazine titled Watergate Sue.
We've been trying to write stories like that ever since, trying to convey those feelings that he put into those stories."
He draws black and white pen/ink portraits: Presley, Divine, Krisma, Eva Robin's, Armani, Fiorucci, Cadinot, Sid Vicious, Pasolini, Warhol.
Among Scott's comic-book work is Hanna-Barbera's The Flintstones, Captain Carrot and His Amazing Zoo Crew, and Simpsons Comics.
Ryan Kelly is an American comic book artist, known for his work on books such as Lucifer and Local.
His major and better known works are the Concombre masqué stories.
Bob was born in South Bank, Middlesbrough, in North Yorkshire on 7 July 1939.
Kristian Donaldson sometimes simply credited as Kristian, is a comic book artist based in Dallas, Texas.
After attending the Episcopal Academy, he studied for two years at the Pennsylvania Museum and School of Industrial Art and then became a newspaper illustrator.
Lustig's scripts have been illustrated by William Van Horn and other artists.
She currently resides in Friendship, New York.
Clarke's style in MAD was distinctive, showing a mastery of line and an eye for the humorous side of things.
Shaun Tan is an Australian artist, writer and film maker.
His work has been nominated for an Ignatz Award, and he has been the recipient of a local Addy Award by the American Advertising Federation.
: Cosmogril Magazine, USA, August 2007 To May 2008 Monthly
Emura is a Japanese manga artist born in Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan who is best known for her series W Juliet.
Probably the most influential work by Tietäväinen is the Invisible Hands comic book released in 2011.
Jean-Richard Geurts, perhaps better known under his pseudonym Janry, is a comics artist.
Jerwa is best known for his work on comic tie-ins for several prominent licensed properties, including Battlestar Galactica, Highlander, G.I.
He also illustrated for books, magazines and advertising.
Philippe Druillet is a French comics artist and creator, and an innovator in visual design.
Friedrich went on to write a smattering of superhero stories for Marvel, Atlas/Seaboard Comics and Topps Comics, and eventually left the comics industry.
Achdé, the pseudonym of Hervé Darmenton, is a French comic book writer and artist.
A museum was constructed in Takarazuka dedicated to his memory and life works, and Tezuka received many posthumous awards.
He attended nursing school as well as EMT training before leaving to pursue his artistic interests.
He is also known for his inking work over pencilers Mike Wieringo, Dale Eaglesham, Steve Scott, and Sanford Greene.
Maki Minami is a Japanese manga author best known for the high school series Special A.
She published a one-shot story in the inaugural issue of the revival of Monthly Shōnen Sunday in May 2009.
He created the Jax and the Hellhound and Major Lancer and the Starlight Squadron comic series that were published by Blackthorne Publishing Inc.
Which we did, and that was how Lorna, the Jungle Girl was born."
Michel Fiffe is a Cuban–American comic book artist and writer.
Jill Thompson is an Eisner Award-winning American comic book writer and illustrator who has worked for stage, film, and television.
Wade von Grawbadger is a comic book artist who is known mostly for his inking work for Marvel and DC comics.
His career has included work for large publishers, and smaller publishers such as Dark Horse Comics and Impact Comics.
Chris Weston is a British comics artist who has worked both in the US and UK comics industries.
In 1988, her first manga series, Chūsei no Akashi, was serialized in Margaret Comics.
He started submitting his work to newspaper syndicates, eventually receiving an offer from NEA.
She debuted as a professional manga artist in 1996 and since then has published several yaoi series and illustrated many light novels.
In addition, he variously wrote, edited and illustrated numerous books on dog breeding and ownership.
She co-founded Quarry Hill Creative Center, one of Vermont's oldest alternative communities, on the Fiske family property, in Rochester, Vermont.
In Cleveland, he began working for the Newspaper Enterprise Association, which syndicated his short-lived animal strip, Billville Birds.
He is a co-host of the Inkstuds radio program, broadcast on CITR-FM at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver.
As a child, Chan was into sci-fi, cartoons, and Ultraman.
He entered the comic book field as editor of True Comics for the Parents Magazine Institute.
He published comics under the name San Francisco Comic Book Company as well as Eric Fromm.
artwork were used for the album covers for the bands Faith No More and Rage Against the Machine.
His work began appearing in the mid-1980s, in various titles produced by independent publishers, including The American for Dark Horse.
Jesse Marsh was a comic book artist and animator.
Rafael Grampá is a Brazilian comic book artist and writer.
He took over drawing the latter strip from Chris Donald when he gave up day-to-day duties in 1999.
He is the father of Hip hop artist Tang Sauce.
Historian Harvey Deneroff of the Savannah College of Art and Design suggests that Figlozzi may have created the first animations to be used on television.
He is a cartoonist and illustrator for Zaman and also illustrates children's books.
Jacques de Loustal is a French comics artist who uses a painterly style reminiscent of David Hockney.
She illustrated the sequel, Odd Is On Our Side, and is illustrating The Boy's Book of Positive Quotations for Fairview Press.
His work is best categorized as part of the Slipstream.
In 2004, Fillion and his partner Fraz created their own publishing company, Class Comics Inc., through which they release a wider range gay-themed erotic comics.
Kala Keerthi Camillus Perera is a Sri Lankan cartoonist.
Little's first graphic novel, Shutterbug Follies, a mystery adventure featuring his heroine Bee, was originally serialized in free weekly papers and on the Internet.
One of his most notable works was Colorful Palette.
Matt Thorn describes her as being a "mania-oriented" artist, with "extremely stylized" character designs and page layouts with a "dream-like quality".
In December 2006, Scholastic's Graphic Novel imprint, Graphix, released the latest work by Norrie, the 192-page Breaking Up, with New York Times best-selling author, Aimee Friedman.
Since March 2010, Henderson's comic Magic Whistle, has been published weekly in Nib-Lit Comics journal.
David Emmett "Dave" Cockrum was an American comics artist known for his co-creation of the new X-Men characters Nightcrawler, Storm, and Colossus.
Rejected by the Canadian army at the start of World War I, he moved to Chicago to become a catalog illustrator.
Jay Oliva is a Filipino-American storyboard artist, film producer and animated film director working for Warner Bros.
He was hired as assistant editor of the American satire magazine Mad in 1980, shortly after his debut as a contributing writer.
V. T. Thomas, also known as Toms, was a cartoonist from Kerala, India who created the cartoon characters Boban and Molly.
Two drama CDs have been made of her work Dear.
He has also received the Shogakukan Manga Award, for A Spirit of the Sun in 2006.
His son is the famous comic cartoonist Enrique Breccia.
George Metzger is an American cartoonist and animator.
The circulation war between the Journal and Joseph Pulitzer's New York World was raging.
Two years later he was published on Luciano Secchi's Eureka, and, in 1973, he became a collaborator of Il Giornalino, for which he realized adventure stories.
Hartley was the son of Congressman Frederick Allan Hartley, Jr., a New Jersey Republican remembered in history for the Taft-Hartley Act.
He previously worked as an assistant under Taro Sekiguchi on the manga serial Wild Baseballers.
He frequently contributes artwork for DC Comics.
Like his friend Roy E. Disney his ashes were scattered in the Pacific Ocean.
Richard Alden "Rick" Griffin was an American artist and one of the leading designers of psychedelic posters in the 1960s.
"I just wanted to put my fantasy world on paper."
Published comics in Yugoslavia an ex-Yugoslav countries, Germany, USA, Netherlands, Cyprus, Italy, etc.
He created the superhero team Justice Machine in 1981, which went on to be featured in comics from several publishers.
Bernard Krigstein, was an American illustrator and gallery artist who received acclaim for his innovative and influential approach to comic book art, notably in EC Comics.
An instrument made by him in 1940 is in the collection of the Musical Instrument Museum of Brussels.
Her current series are Oboreru Knife and TEKE TEKE★RENDEZ-VOUS.
He is also a comic book retailer who co-owns Earth-2 Comics in Northridge, California with Carr D'Angelo and Jud Meyers.
After a childhood in Mariners Harbor, he graduated from Port Richmond High School.
He is best known for creating the superhero Marvelman, later known as Miracleman.
He also worked for Editorial Bruguera and Spanish children comics in general.
Gilbert Joseph "Bus" Griffiths was a cartoonist, lumberjack, and fisherman.
He is the older brother of alternative cartoonist Noah Van Sciver.
Richard Isanove is a French artist and painter working in the American comic book industry.
He was also DC's "movie studio contact," becoming both a producer and story editor on the TV series The Adventures of Superman.
Corinne Rey is a French cartoonist who publishes under the pen name Coco.
Strike a Blow to Vivify have been licensed in English.
Matthew Dow Smith is an American comic book artist.
Grady Lyda is an American comic book artist and writer best known for his time travel series, Tempus Fugit, in Star*Reach magazine.
James Shooter is an American writer, occasional fill-in artist, editor, and publisher for various comic books.
Scott Beatty is an American author who has written comic books and encyclopaedias based on DC Comics characters.
Simply signing her work "Elizabeth," her modern, stylized art was used to illustrate fashion features, horoscope pages, tables of contents, and other various ornamental pieces.
Rosemary Elizabeth "Posy" Simmonds MBE is a British newspaper cartoonist and writer and illustrator of children's books.
She is one of the organizers of Montreal’s annual “48 Heures” comics festival.
Geppi became part owner of the Baltimore Orioles in 1993, and in 1994 purchased Baltimore magazine.
Yusuke Murata is a Japanese manga artist from Miyagi.
Guy Colwell is an American painter and occasional underground cartoonist.
She was the editor of the female cartoonist anthology, Scherherazade: Stories of Love, Treachery, Mothers, and Monsters.
The strip runs in a variety of publications across North America, as well as on the web.
Jim Mitchell is an American underground cartoonist from Milwaukee.
He is the former assistant of manga artist Koushi Rikudou, the creator of the popular manga series Excel Saga.
!, written by Nobuhiro Sakata, in which he was the illustrator.
His most recent published work was the graphic novel Power Lunch: Book 1: First Course, with writer J. Torres, for Oni Press.
Archie Goodwin was an American comic book writer, editor, and artist.
She continues to draw a tennis themed manga, Shanimuni-Go in Hana to Yume.
This company lasted until 1958, after which Sullivan left comics.
Bernard Chang is an Asian American artist/designer best known for his work in the comic book industry and entertainment design.
A reporter once asked Chan about history versus fable, he answered that the true history does not exist.
From 1971 until 1985 he was a top editor at Charlton Comics, where he also became the long-time regular artist on Popeye comic books.
Joey Manley was an online publisher, known as the founder of the webcomics site Modern Tales, as well as numerous other web-specific entertainment properties.
He signed some of his early cartoons Swin, and on one ephemeral comic strip he used Guilford as his signature.
"McDonald" is a pen name; his real name is "Norman Allan Sauceda".
He also wrote "The Adventures of Beau Brummell" for Knockout and "The Return of Monte Cristo" for The Comet, as John Morion.
Len Norris received an honorary doctorate from the University of Windsor.
The gallery's simultaneous ten-year retrospective exhibit of Hollander's work was titled It's Enough to Make a Cat Laugh.
The character appeared in a series of 56 Dell Comics published between 1949 and 1962.
She has written and illustrated many series, two of which have been licensed for publication in English.
We just handed them out with the salary.
Takahashi has published art books, manga, novels, and guides, most of which are of about his manga Captain Tsubasa.
While attending Pomona College he became friends with Roy Disney, Jr. who suggested if Sherman ever needed a job he should apply at the Disney Studio.
The first issue was Pafman redevuelve and the series remains open, with a new album per year.
Tom Peyer is an American comic book creator and editor.
Born on Staten Island, Celardo continued to live there most of his life.
She returned to her maiden name in 1985.
She adapted and did the art for the short story "Troll Bridge" by Neil Gaiman, which also became a "New York Times" bestseller.
He currently illustrates The Kurosagi Corpse Delivery Service, which is authored by Eiji Ōtsuka.
He was a founder and former president of The Cartoonists Guild and is a member of the National Cartoonists Society and The Authors Guild.
The artist is noted for his figure drawing, precise lines, and depiction of well-endowed women.
James Kenneth Woodward, known professionally as J.K. Woodward, is a comic book artist known for illustrating the monthly series Fallen Angel, published by IDW Publishing.
He has designed logos for Minor League baseball teams, including the Portland Sea Dogs, Norwich Navigators, and New Britain Rock Cats, and also designed the J.
On November 14, 1984, while on a working vacation in Bangkok, Thailand, Irons was struck and killed by a bus.
In 2012, Inoue became the first recipient of the Cultural Prize at the Asia Cosmopolitan Awards.
He moved to Europe in 1971 and began to work in earnest as an illustrator.
Jean ridder Van Hamme is a Belgian novelist and comic book writer.
In 2011, Wilkinson received a Visionary Woman Award from Moore College of Art & Design.
Jim Raymond was a comic strip artist and the younger brother of Flash Gordon artist Alex Raymond.
The dolls were wildly popular in the early twentieth century, and are considered to be one of the first mass-marketed toys in the United States.
William Timothy "Bill" Mantlo is an American comic book writer, primarily at Marvel Comics.
Silver is a manga adaptation of a book by Penny Jordan, bearing the same title.
His style is often compared to pop art, as well as commercial and comic art of the 1950s and 1960s.
His other work includes short pieces for various cartoon anthologies, and the Xeric Foundation award-winning one-issue comic book Jack's Luck Runs Out.
Greg Allen Theakston is an American comics artist and illustrator who has worked for numerous publishers.
During that time, Raeside's editorial cartoons were reprinted in hundreds of publications worldwide.
In 2003 he created a short series of inner-city Dublin fables told in rhyme, In Dublin City, published by Atomic Diner.
Jackson also described shooting as like organizing an army, with 2,400 people involved at the height of production.
Kowsar was also a reformist candidate for the second term of city council of Tehran in 2003, an election won by the conservative candidates of Abadgaran.
He and longtime writing partner and friend, Art Baltazar, won their third Eisner in 2014 for the Dark Horse Comics children's series Itty Bitty Hellboy.
Pasqual Ferry is a Spanish comic book artist and penciller
He sometimes signed his work "Rocke M.," "RM," "Rocke," or "RAM."
His drawing style is very similar to that of Akira Toriyama.
It also syndicated his daily panel Hang in There during the same period.
Her other original work includes Nightschool and Awkward for Yen Press.
Alfred Harvey retired in 1982, and his company was sold to HMH Communications in 1989 and renamed Harvey Comics Entertainment.
Joshua Hale Fialkov is an American comic book writer who primarily works in the horror genre.
In the process of the transfer, Macaco was featured in a continuity strip rather than in a gag strip.
His works range from tales of ordinary life to dream-like surrealism, and often show his interest in traveling about Japan.
He later illustrated twenty-five Classics Illustrated titles as well as Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, the debut issue of Classics Illustrated Junior.
She currently resides in New York and is a marathon runner when she's not traveling the world.
Igor Goldkind was born April 20, 1960 in Lansing, Michigan and raised in San Diego, California.
So I was attempting to do a hybrid".
Dan Jolley is an American novelist and comic book writer.
His stories often use black humor and exaggerated cartooning to dramatize the reduced expectations of middle-class American youth.
Since then, Arai has contributed many stories to Ciao, its sister magazine ChuChu, and fellow Shogakukan shojo magazine Cheese!.
In 1988, she was awarded the Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo manga for Boyfriend.
In 2011 he was granted the prestigious Chevalier Des Arts Et Des Lettres honor by the French Culture Ministry.
He is the creator of the series Reid Fleming, World's Toughest Milkman.
In the 1960s he began cartooning in magazines and newspapers, sometimes regarding political themes.
After graduating with an art degree from Ohio Wesleyan University in 1942, Sansom worked as an engineer/draftsman for General Electric.
"Tom [Koch] had this thing that was supposed to be a calendar or something.
She won multiple Eisner and Harvey Awards between 2013-2015.
"Around 1978," she created a comic strip, The Feminist Funnies, later introducing the character who became Sylvia.
Agents, but his main project was Tippy Teen, an Archie-style comic about the adventures of a spunky teenaged girl.
When he was 14 he moved with his family to Sydney, Australia.
Wired describes Vaughan's comics work as "quirky, acclaimed stories that don't pander and still pound pulses".
Kimen-gumi, also in Weekly Shōnen Jump, until 1987.
His work Feel 100% won the International Manga Award that Japanese Government sponsored in 2008.
He was the co-creator of Mary Marvel, along with writer Otto Binder.
Maurice Tillieux was a Belgian writer and comic artist.
Mark van Oppen better known as Marvano, is a Belgian comic artist.
She is associated with the josei magazine, Feel Young.
He was a lifelong atheist and rationalist.
After Pep and Sjors merged into Eppo, Lodewijk became Eppo's chief editor.
Tom Morgan is an American comic book artist known primarily for his work on Marvel Comics' Captain America, The Punisher 2099, Excalibur and Iron Man.
William "Bill" Willingham is an American writer and artist of comics, known for his work on the series Elementals and Fables.
His work is known to have influenced the style of artist Arthur Adams.
Of multi-ethnic descent, Langston Hughes called him "America's greatest African-American cartoonist".
His influences include Víctor de la Fuente, Hugo Pratt, Gino d'Antonio, Don Lawrence, Joe Colquhoun and Harvey Kurtzman.
Julian W. "Bud" Blake, was an American cartoonist who created the popular, long running comic strip Tiger, about a group of suburban boyhood pals.
Scott McCloud is an American cartoonist and comics theorist.
Declan Shalvey is an Irish comic book artist.
Since 1979, Drabble has run daily with the exception of one week in 1983 and one in 2008, due to severe illness.
He was also the brother of Joseph Gillain, famous by the pseudonym Jijé.
So the publishers not only owned the comic strip, they owned the name [of the creator], therefore the guy working for them couldn't lay a claim.
Arie Kaplan is an American writer and comedian.
“Growing up in a single-parent family during America’s first ‘Great Recession’ wasn’t always easy, but I look back on my formative years fondly,” said Feuti.
Eduardo Humberto del Río García, better known by his pen name Rius, was a Mexican intellectual, political cartoonist and writer born in Zamora, Michoacán.
She made her professional debut in 1977 in Bessatsu Shōjo Comic and she has written manga mainly for Flower Comics.
His late father, Stanley Stamaty, was a professional gag cartoonist, and his mother, Clara Gee Stamaty, is a commercial illustrator and fine artist.
In 2001 he won de Prix Bonnet d’âne  at the comic festival Quai des Bulles in Saint-Malo for his entire oeuvre.
Allan collaborated with many well-known British comic strip artists, including Jim Baikie and Arthur Ranson.
In 1969 Schwartz returned to Archie Comics and once again became the main artist on Jughead.
Fred Van Lente is an American writer, primarily of comic books and graphic novels.
Roger Allen Slifer was an American writer of comic books, animation, and video games, who co-created the character Lobo for DC Comics.
Ken Kristensen is an Academy Nicholl-award-winning screenwriter, TV writer, and comic book author.
Liz Prince is an American comics creator, noted for her sketchbook-style autobiographical comics.
Maguro Fujita is a Japanese manga artist.
He was a co-executive producer for the television series Falling Skies for DreamWorks Television and the TNT Network.
Shaenon K. Garrity is a webcomics writer and artist, best known as the creator of Narbonic.
Aya Kanno is a Japanese shōjo manga artist.
He also worked as a writer or illustrator on numerous other strips, including Joe Palooka.
Noomin is the editor of the anthology series Twisted Sisters, and published comix stories in many underground titles, including Wimmen's Comix, Young Lust, Arcade, and Weirdo.
In the West, his status is often compared to that of American cartoonist Robert Crumb.
He draws under the name Aislin, a rendition of the name of his eldest daughter Aislinn.
Mike Richardson is an American publisher, writer, and Emmy-winning producer.
He attended Boiceville, New York's Onteora High School, graduating in 1987, and the School of Visual Arts in New York City, where he graduated in 1991.
Macchio is not related to the actor Ralph Macchio, but is nicknamed "Karate Kid" after that actor's famous role.
They had three children, John B. Hopper III, Peter B. Hopper, and Dr. Anne R. Knutson.
Born one of seven children in Troy, Missouri, he developed a unique, naive style of drawing.
In 2005, Hollander appeared in a one-woman show, Return to Lust, at Pegasus Players in Chicago.
With artist Steve Ditko he co-created the superhero Squirrel Girl.
In 1972 he began work on Now You're Logging to document logging in the era before modern technology.
He is currently writing and drawing children's books, notably the "Gum Girl" series.
Morris S. Weiss was an American comic book and comic strip artist and writer.
Simon and Kirby creations for other comics publishers include Boys' Ranch, Fighting American and the Fly.
After his retirement in 1976, Lampert went on to write many instructional books on contract bridge.
Dariush Ramezani was born in 1976 in Rasht, a northern city in Iran.
He is known for his comic book series Cud, and his syndicated strip Edge City, created with his wife, Patty LaBan, a couples and family therapist.
In 1992, he was the focus of a retrospective exhibition at the Belgian Centre for Comic Strip Art.
Important series he has worked on include Clifton and Taka Takata.
Through these early works, she established her position as one of the most popular manga artists.
He has worked for 2000 AD, Warhammer Monthly, and Judge Dredd Megazine.
Tan was born in Fremantle, Western Australia, in 1974 and grew up in the northern suburbs of Perth, Western Australia.
His work caught the eye of The Hamilton Spectator and in 1997, he was hired as a full-time editorial cartoonist
Box Brown is an Ignatz Award-winning American cartoonist whose first work was the online comic Bellen!.
Gifford's work was largely for humour strips in British comics, often for L. Miller & Son.
After high school he went to CalArts, studying experimental animation and filmmaking, but dropped out to focus on comics.
In the 1930s and 1940s, his work appeared in Fox Comics, Quality Comics, and Fiction House.
The scripts were written by René Goscinny, Greg, Raymond Macherot and Mittéï.
He was married and had four children.
Lee Carter is a British fantasy artist whose work has appeared in 2000 AD.
Natsume Ono is a Japanese manga artist.
However, Matsuda's first published artwork, depicting the X-Force character Cable, appeared in the letter art section of Wizard Magazine.
Another one of his works, Little Forest, was nominated for the Osamu Tezuka Culture Award in 2005.
Riku Sanjo is a Japanese manga writer.
One of his former students was The Wall Street Journal caricaturist Ken Fallin.
Eric Wight is an American professional artist, illustrator and animator.
She was one of two Jews killed in the attack, along with Georges Wolinski.
Jack Ralph Cole was an American cartoonist best known for creating the comedic superhero Plastic Man, and his cartoons for Playboy magazine.
Fascinated by an art correspondence course that his older brother Elmer Woggon was taking, he became interested in drawing.
MAD editor Al Feldstein called Clarke "a singular valuable asset to MAD ... his arrival upon the scene was a godsend."
One of the other artists there was Edgar Pierre Jacobs, who had first met Laudy in the 1920s and who would become a lifelong friend.
Without much action, the story is light-hearted.
With artist collaborators, she created such Marvel characters as Typhoid Mary, Blackheart, Longshot, Mojo, and Spiral.
Lee Sullivan is a comic artist who lives and works in the UK.
Brösel, is a German comic book artist.
He published the popular satirical magazine Mad for over 40 years.
Ellis created The Authority and Planetary for WildStorm, and wrote a run of Hellblazer for Vertigo, and James Bond for Dynamite Entertainment.
Riyoko Ikeda is a Japanese manga artist and singer.
Upton's Happy Hater minicomics are based on the group's concepts and ideas.
His illustrations appear on CD covers, magazines, newspapers, and print advertisements.
Noreen Stevens is a Canadian cartoonist, who created and wrote the lesbian comic strip The Chosen Family.
Animation studio Studio 4°C adapted Tekkonkinkreet into an animated feature film.
Another series, Attention Please, was adapted from a 1970 TV drama series produced for Japan Airlines.
Kimio Yanagisawa is a Japanese manga artist His real name is pronounced the same way, but is written with the kanji 柳澤 公夫.
Michael William Kaluta, sometimes credited as Mike Kaluta or Michael Wm.
Numerous artists have cited Raymond as an inspiration for their work, including comic artists Jack Kirby, Bob Kane, Russ Manning, and Al Williamson.
Geoff Johns is an American comic book and television writer, film producer, and television producer.
Doofus chronicles the misadventures of two small-town weirdos, Doofus and Henry Hotchkiss.
François Bourgeon is a French comics artist, author of several noted European comic books.
Philippe Vandevelde, working under the pseudonym Tome, is a comics script writer.
Along with Patoruzú came other supporting characters as Isidoro Cañones and the young Patoruzú, which later on became their own main character in their own publications.
Jok Church died in San Francisco from a heart attack on April 29, 2016.
He started his career in 1987 by forming his own publishing company, Ground Zero Comics, and self-published "Daikazu" and "Daikazu Vs. Gugoron".
He is also known to be the one to have given artist Art Adams his first professional work.
However, there was one boy who always stood up for her, and Satsuki developed a crush on him.
From approximately 1988 to 1992, he worked for DC Comics, drawing for various titles including The Flash, Justice Society, Green Arrow, and Suicide Squad.
His work has won multiple Harvey and Eisner Awards.
She's most famous for two of her works: Matantei Loki Ragnarok and Tactics.
In 2006, Ghafarizadeh's first individual cartoon exhibition was held in the “Iranian House of Cartoon” in Tehran.
He was born in Malaysia and grew up in Australia.
In 1999, she received the Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo for Peach Girl.
Junko Karube is a Japanese shōjo manga artist.
She wrote the manga Sand Chronicles, Forbidden Dance, "SOS," "Ten-nen Bitter Chocolate", Homemade Home, and "Chouchou Kumo".
He is twin brother of illustrator Tomer Hanuka.
She debuted in 1987 and has published several titles; among her best known serials are Full House and its sequel Full House 2.
The comic ran between 2005 and 2008, for a total of 13 issues.
Hiiragi made her manga debut with Cobalt Blue no Hitoshizuku in the manga magazine Ribon Original in 1984.
The Human Bomb would later be acquired by DC Comics and make sporadic appearances as late as 2005.
She made her manga debut with The Monsters Collection in the June 1997 issue of Wings, published by Shinshokan.
Katsuhiro Otomo is a Japanese manga artist, screenwriter and film director.
Aardvark-Vanaheim, managed by Loubert, began publishing other comics besides Cerebus, such as William Messner-Loebs' Journey and Bob Burden's Flaming Carrot.
Powell also did the pencil art for the bubble gum trading card series Mars Attacks.
In 1919 he began his first weekly comic strip, Life's Little Comedies, which evolved into the rural-centred humorous Birdseye Center in 1923.
Her series Crest of the Royal Family, which received the 1991 Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo, has been continuously serialized in Princess since 1976.
Kevin Nowlan is an American comics artist who works as a penciler, inker, colorist, and letterer.
Stéphane Roux is a French comic book artist who is known mostly in America for his cover work for Marvel, DC and Semic comics.
Considered together with Marc Sleen the founding father of Flemish comics, he is mainly popular in Belgium, the Netherlands and Germany.
His work appeared in Eagle, Tiger, Buster, Smash!
Bud Grace is a cartoonist, who has worked on the comic strip Ernie, whose title was later changed to Piranha Club in the United States.
Ghori has produced work for comic book publishers including Dark Horse Comics and IDW Publishing.
Recently, he has returned to his writing roots, writing for Marvel comics, creator-owned graphic novels, and other projects.
Shapton created the "armpit sex drawing" for Spike Jonze's 2013 film Her.
Tim Sale is an American Eisner Award-winning comics artist.
His daughters were also arrested and disappeared, as were his sons-in-law.
He is also the author of several comic books and graphic novels, notably with a horror slant.
Ron Marz is an American comic book writer, known for his work on titles such as Batman/Aliens, DC vs. Marvel, Green Lantern, Silver Surfer, and Witchblade.
In the 1980s, he edited the publisher's anthology magazine Epic Illustrated and its Epic Comics imprint.
Many of his comics involve satire of those he perceives to be pretentious or out of touch with regular people.
Io Sakisaka is a Japanese manga artist.
2014 also saw the release of the 20th anniversary edition of Fingerman’s first graphic novel, White Like She.
With each book, Cooper's work grew darker in subject matter, while more accomplished visually.
Frank Tieri is an American comic book writer.
Tucci is a graduate of the Fashion Institute of Technology, located in New York, New York.
Arthur B. Sansom, better known as Art Sansom, was an American comic strip cartoonist who created the long-running comic strip The Born Loser.
Lee is a Canadian comic book artist, publisher, former President, and co-founder of the now defunct Dreamwave Productions.
Jean De Mesmaeker known by the pseudonym Jidéhem, was a Belgian comics artist in the Marcinelle school tradition.
He has worked for DC Comics and WildStorm since 2000.
Irving Samuel Kweskin, who sometimes worked under the name Irv Wesley, was an American advertising and comic book artist.
He also penned the Gen¹³ mini-series Gen¹³: Interactive and the one-shot Gen¹³: The Surreal World.
Starting from 1949, Jacovitti produced a series of cartoons for school diaries, named I Diari Vitt and published by A.V.E.
He attended the Joe Kubert School of Cartoon and Graphic Art, in a class which also included Lee Weeks, Andy Kubert, and Adam Kubert.
He draws in both a realistic style, and a cartoon style, with a fondness for drawing majestic landscapes of the American West.
He drew a large number of fantasy, horror and science-fiction stories for Marvel Comics, DC Comics and Valiant Comics.
Mark Bagley is an American comic book artist.
He is regularly cited as the "best-loved comic book editor, ever."
Following his graduation from the School of Visual Arts, he quickly became a regular contributor to many national magazines.
Brian Haberlin is an American comic book artist, writer, editor and producer.
He later wrote his own creator-owned titles for Image Comics, including Noble Causes, Dynamo 5, Near Death and Copperhead.
Simon, who went on to work in advertising and commercial art, also founded the satirical magazine Sick in 1960, remaining with it for a decade.
He later went on to co-own and manage The Hive chain on comic shops on the south coast of England.
He is best known for his work on the Druuna erotic science fiction series.
She left Astorina in 1999 and died two years later.
He is also known as Sylaire and as Yslaire, his current artist name.
A Krazy Kat daily strip began in 1913, and from 1916 the strip also appeared on Sundays.
The Jack Kirby Awards and Jack Kirby Hall of Fame were named in his honor.
Georges Wolinski was a French cartoonist and comics writer.
He worked on the Webby-winning FreeSpeech.org, which he helped start in 1995.
In 1957, he moved to New Jersey.
Farel Dalrymple is an American artist and alternative comics creator.
If you can make it funny, good."
It has also been listed on the Tohan charts four times as of May 2009.
Arkas in Greek means Arcadian or someone from the province of Arcadia.
Then he applied as an illustrator at several comics publication including Graphic Arts Services, Inc., Atlas Publication, Islas Filipinas Publishing Company and ACE Publication.
She is best known for two of her series.
He eventually left the corporate world and opened his own office in the city's Ghirardelli Square.
While his work is humorous and universal in appeal, he also often deals with political, social, and racial issues.
Mike Norton is an American comic book artist and writer, known for his work on Battlepug.
He drew the strip until it was forced to end when the comic folded.
In 1940, he founded the weekly magazine Dígame, serving as its editor.
Bolling received the Inkpot Award in 2005 in recognition of his work on Little Archie.
From 1965 to 1970, he entered his most widely known phase when he produced often surrealistic and introspective works for Garo.
Sana Amanat is an American comic book creator and editor.
He wrote the animated short, Munro, which won an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film in 1961.
Berry won the National Cartoonists Society award for Best Special Feature in 1970 and 1972.
Watton was a member since its inception until 2010, announcing the decision to create works under 'Pinkapplejam.com'.
Coffman also has done work on the Monkey Man comic series with writer Brian Lynch that included a webcomic on Kevin Smith's MoviePoopShoot.com.
His notable works include a run on Hellblazer.
France Edward Herron was an American comic book writer and editor active in the 1940s–1960s, mainly for DC Comics.
William J. Rechin, better known as Bill Rechin, was an American cartoonist who created the comic strips Out of Bounds and Crock.
Roth later drew more Western comics for Marvel, and penciled issues of Superman's Girl Friend, Lois Lane for DC Comics.
Harvey Kurtzman was an American cartoonist and editor.
Dick studied at the Rietveld Art Academy.
Kissell explains that the book series deals with the perception of disabilities as well as PTSD.
He gave up abstraction in 1963 and starting his teaching career at the School of Visual Arts.
He has drawn cartoons for The Guardian, The Observer, The Sunday Times, the Times Higher Education Supplement, The Economist, and Nature.
She made her professional debut in the September 10, 1995 issue of LaLa DX with the one-shot title Ko no Yume ga Same Tara .
Barr has also published a number of novels, including Permanent Party, An Insupportable Light, and Bread and Swans.
The daughter of a book salesman and homemaker, O'Neill was raised in rural Nebraska.
He is also a political cartoonist and his cartoons appear in WHYY-FM, The Press of Atlantic City', The News Journal, and others.
Michael Zulli is an American artist known for his work as an animal and wildlife illustrator and as a comic book illustrator.
He has been exhibiting and writing about Superman since 1973.
Jean-Marc Reiser was a French comics creator.
Nariko Enomoto 榎本ナリコ is a manga author and manga critic who uses this name for children's and women's magazines.
The same work garnered him multiple Eisner awards in 2010 and the regards sur le monde award in Angoulême International Comics Festival in 2012.
He was active from the 1930s to the 1970s.
Is This Supposed to be Funny?, the second cartoon book, was published by Penguin Books in October 2007.
It was also made into a musical for the Takarazuka Revue, an anime series, and a live-action movie.
After a year of service in Korea, clearing minefields, he arrived back in San Francisco on the day the war ended.
Douglas Curtis "Curt" Swan was an American comic book artist.
Craig Kyle is an American writer for Marvel Comics.
Christian Beranek is a United States writer, actress, musician and film/TV producer.
Paul Peart is a British comics artist who has done some work for 2000 AD, Nelson, H.P Lovecraft, and many other publications.
After the war, he entered into art studies, graduating from the Art Career School in 1951.
Joshua Charles Armitage was an English illustrator under the pen name Ionicus.
Before creating "Tutenstein", Jay created several comics, including "Land of Nod", "Oddville!
A specialist in stories of Yōkai, he is considered a master of the genre.
Zdravko Zupan was a Yugoslav comic book creator and historian.
Chris Samnee is an American comic book artist.
Vaughn Bodē was an underground cartoonist and illustrator known for his character Cheech Wizard and his artwork depicting voluptuous women.
Stanley and Clara both attended the Art Academy of Cincinnati.
He won the 2016 Hugo Award for Best Fan Artist.
Kevin Maguire is an American comics artist, known for his work on series such as Justice League, Batman Confidential, Captain America, and X-Men.
He was best known for his work on the Black Cat comic book published by Harvey Comics in the 1940s.
He created several comic strips during the 1960s and 1970s, including "Old Harrigan," "Abracadabra" and "In the Beginning."
He died on 8 August 2017 at the age of 83.
John P. D'Agostino Sr., generally credited as Jon D'Agostino was an Italian-American comic-book artist best known for his Archie Comics work.
In 2012, Éditions TRIP released Bottenberg’s first solo book, Traumstadtdenken, a collection of artworks, graphic literature and comics.
Burr lives in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, with his wife and art partner Debbie Freiberg.
In 1954 he began freelancing for Archie Comics, writing and drawing joke pages.
Her energetic drawing and characters are very attractive, even to non-manga readers.
She received the National Cartoonists Society Greeting Card Award for 1999.
While living in Brooklyn in the mid-2000s she sold her comics on the street and apprenticed herself to a tattoo artist.
Joyce Farmer is an American underground comix cartoonist.
He considers Hal Santiago and Nestor Redondo among his artistic influences.
Pariah is the second of Fingerman's prose novels.
She has been cited as one of the best artists working in the industry today.
He is best known for his work on Punisher, Thor, and X-Men from Marvel Comics.
His series include La Rubrique-à-Brac, Gai-Luron, and Superdupont.
A Novel in Pictures, including preliminary drawings, sketches and cover paintings.
where he was involved with its licensees both domestic and foreign.
Since Nickelodeon Magazine has closed its pages, he now writes and draws for the "Spongebob Comics", as a regular contributor.
Gregory Paul Potter is an American comic book writer best known for co-creating the DC Comics series Jemm, Son of Saturn with artist Gene Colan.
She then has started work on Hinoko, premiering in LaLa in March 2012.
The cartoons appear in approximately 100 newspapers around the United States.
Aleksa Gajić is a Serbian comics artist and film director.
Eugene "Gene" Bilbrew was an African-American cartoonist and fetish artist and was among the most prolific illustrators of sexually oriented pulp fiction book covers.
Martin Joseph "Marty" Pasko is a writer and editor in a diverse array of media, including comic books and television.
Ron Garney is a comic book writer/artist, known for his work on books such as JLA,The Amazing Spider-Man, Silver Surfer, Hulk, Daredevil and Captain America.
Upon completion of this purely fictional work, Fingerman decided to turn his attention inward.
Waldo's appearance is reminiscent of such black cat characters as Felix the Cat, Julius the Cat, and Krazy Kat.
Richard "Rick" Veitch is an American comics artist and writer who has worked in mainstream, underground, and alternative comics.
Gini Cruz Santos is a Filipina animator at Pixar studios based in the San Francisco Bay Area.
In addition to comics, Reed wrote a role-playing game for Palladium and wrote some of the storyline scenarios for Final Fight: Streetwise for Capcom.
Living in Pennsylvania with his wife Corina, Williamson retired in his seventies.
Siegel is the author of the graphic novel for adults Sailor Twain, or the Mermaid in the Hudson, which was serialized online starting in 2010.
Osamu Tezuka3 November 1928 – 9 February 1989) was a Japanese manga artist, cartoonist, animator, film producer, medical doctor and activist.
Kamatani debuted with and is known for Nabari no Ou.
In 1995, these cartoons became Sticks, a self-published calendar and a twice-weekly single-panel cartoon in the Olean Times Herald.
In 1991, Chen was the first foreigner to win an award at the Japanese Cartoonists Association for his work, Heroes of the East Chou Dynasty.
Born in Scugog Island, Ontario, Frise moved to Toronto at 19 and found illustration work on the Toronto Star's Star Weekly supplement.
Job is a Swiss francophone comics creator.
Though he had no formal training in art or writing, Kang launched a website in 2002 to display his comics.
Jean Maurice Jules Cabut, known by the pen-name Cabu, was a French comic strip artist and caricaturist.
Born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, Foster rode his bike to the United States in 1919 and began to study in Chicago, eventually living in America.
Drake was posthumously inducted into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2008.
He started drawing story boards for The Hard Times of RJ Berger and made a one-minute pilot animation which became a television series screened on MTV.
Rhim Ju-yeon is a comics writer from South Korea, the creator of the manhwa President Dad and Ciel.
He worked on a number of comic strips in addition to comic books, and is best known for his Warren and Marvel Comics work.
During the 90's he worked as an artist on, among other things, Neil Gaiman's Mr.
Over the course of his career with Marvel Comics and DC Comics, Rosen lettered such titles as '"The Fantastic Four", "Captain America, Daredevil, Spider-Man, G.I.
Mœbius also contributed storyboards and concept designs to numerous science fiction and fantasy films, such as Alien, Tron, The Fifth Element and The Abyss.
Producer Barrie Osborne saw it as a traveling circus.
Fujiwara's works Watashi no Ookami-san and Dear have both been published in Square Enix's Monthly Gangan Wing.
She is now working as an executive producer and co-showrunner on the animated series Voltron: Legendary Defender with Joaquim Dos Santos.
Holly Golightly is a comics artist and writer.
He also continued his cartoonier work with "Tomboy" in Cor!!
He was inducted into the National Cartoonists Society Hall of Fame in 2011.
Preferring to work in-camera and without compositing, McCarty creates his photographs by sometimes traveling to exotic locations, including active war zones.
He is best known for his artwork on Marvel Team-Up and the DC Comics graphic novel Batman: Son of the Demon.
Kari Korhonen is a Finnish cartoonist known for his stories about Donald Duck.
Pichelli won a 2011 Eagle Award for Favorite Newcomer Artist.
He also worked on the adaption of Anne Rice's the Witching Hour for Millennium Publications in 1992.
During World War II, he served in the Army from 1942 to 1946.
Iger was inducted into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2009.
She is mostly known for Saint Young Men and Arakawa Under the Bridge.
Several of her series have been translated into English and released in the United States.
Takako Shimura is a female manga artist primarily known for her manga works published in Japan which feature LGBT topics.
Andy Winter is a British comics writer.
She was best known as the creator of Little Lulu.
Editorial Ivrea has released the Spanish version of Private Prince in 2011, which is still ongoing.
She earned a Master of Fine Arts degree in Computer Arts from the School of Visual Arts in New York City.
He has drawn political spoofs ranging from Al Gore to Peanuts.
The Professor Palmboom stories are science-fiction, dealing with things like killer plants.
More recently he has been a presenter for Going Deep with David Rees.
Matt Bors is a nationally syndicated American editorial cartoonist and editor of online comics publication The Nib.
Pick-up shoots were conducted annually from 2001 to 2003.
At 16, he enrolled at the National Academy of Design in New York City.
Harry Conway "Bud" Fisher was an American cartoonist who created Mutt and Jeff, the first successful daily comic strip in the United States.
He began drawing comic books and he is best known in that field for being the artistic co-creator of the DC Comics superhero The Flash.
Yoshinori Kobayashi is a Japanese manga artist noted for his controversial political commentary manga Gōmanism Sengen.
To most pencilers, having Joe Sinnott ink their artwork was tantamount to grabbing the brass ring."
He lives in Metro Detroit and continues to work as an illustrator and writer, performing occasionally in a local rock band.
Archive is housed in the Prints & Photographs Division of the Library of Congress, which is open to the public.
Gordon specialized in both genres and combined the two in the world’s first funny-animal teen-humor title.
James Kochalka is an American comic book artist and writer, and rock musician.
Bloom County earned Breathed the Pulitzer Prize for Editorial Cartooning in 1987.
Ethan Persoff is an American cartoonist, archivist, and sound artist.
Ditko also began contributing to small independent publishers, where he created Mr. A, a hero reflecting the influence of Ayn Rand's philosophy of Objectivism.
David Nakayama is an American concept artist and comic book artist, currently working in the video game field.
A 2-part interview with Smith appears in the Judge Dredd Megazine, issues 225-226, alongside a new Bogie Man adventure.
Rubin lives on the California Central Coast with his wife, Teresa and his three sons, Jeremy, Ryan, and Andrew.
He was previously a cartoonist for The Washington Post from 1891 to 1907.
Tracy Yardley is an American comic book artist best known for his work with the Sonic the Hedgehog comic series, published by Archie Comics.
Mark E. Gruenwald was an American comic book writer, editor, and occasional penciler known for his long association with Marvel Comics.
He also served as president of Those Characters From Cleveland, AG's character licensing subsidiary.
Lee Myung-jin is a Korean manhwa artist.
This article is about Filipino comics illustrator.
Stack's main artistic influences were Gustave Doré, Roy Crane, and V. T. Hamlin.
FSc also illustrated variant covers for Oni Press's Invader Zim comics #4 and #9 .
Jeff Matsuda is a Japanese-American concept artist, comics artist, and animator.
Patrick Zircher is an American comic book artist and penciller.
Then I thought about this city, Trondheim… Maybe someday I will publish a book under my real name, in order to remain anonymous."
David Parkins is a British cartoonist and illustrator who has worked for D.C. Thomson, publisher of The Beano and The Dandy.
Williamson spent most of the 1970s working on his own credited strip, another Raymond creation, Secret Agent X-9.
He is not related to the novelist Michael Butterworth, author of the Hawklords series and the Space: 1999 novelizations.
His most significant work in British comics was his 11-year stint on the series Dan Dare in the relaunched Eagle from 1976 to 1987.
Michael "Mike" Manley is an American artist, most notable as a comic strip cartoonist and comic book inker and penciller.
She chose Temari as her pen name since the town she is from, Matsumoto, Nagano Prefecture, is known for making temari.
He is also working on another crime series with his wife titled Control that is set to begin publishing in 2014.
In 1987, a court dismissed King's suit.
in Marvel Comics' Strange Tales and in the subsequent eponymous series.
One of his best-known creations is the Cybersix series, done in partnership with Carlos Trillo.
Momčilo "Moma" Rajin is a Serbian art and music critic, theorist and historian, artist, publisher and cultural facilitator, living and working in Belgrade.
His solo comic Light Comitragies was published in June 1971 by the Print Mint.
He is best known for his creation Kagagi, part of a growing number of Native American superheroes created by Native American writers and artists.
From there, he moved into writing and editing.
He co-created the character of Prime for Malibu Comics, and created and owns the copyright and trademark for the character Metaphysique.
She is one of the Year 24 Group.
She primarily writes and draws characters who are adolescent or young adult women, including various races, body types, sexual orientations, and abilities.
Rhim debuted in 1999 after she won an accessit from the fourth Manwha contest held by "ISSUE", a manwha magazine for girls' readers.
She has also worked for 2000 AD, colouring strips by artists such as John Ridgway and Simon Coleby.
He had a stagecoach, robberies, a bank, and explosions going off in this tiny little spot and I put every single thing in there.
Most of the films produced by SEDA have been lost, although there exist some copies of the film "Falsa noticia de fútbol".
Susie Cagle is an American journalist and editorial cartoonist whose work has appeared in The American Prospect, AlterNet, The Awl, GOOD, and others.
That book, as well as the follow-up Sisters and the fiction graphic novel Drama have all been on the New York Times Best Seller lists.
She has sold more than 10 million copies.
Brent Anderson is an American comics artist known for his work on X-Men: God Loves, Man Kills and the comic book series Astro City.
Mayu Sakai is a female Japanese manga artist who once worked as an assistant to Miho Obana.
In 1998 he became an editor of Marvel Comics' Marvel Knights line, before becoming editor-in-chief of the company in 2000.
Takashi Okazaki is a Japanese manga artist, visual designer and graphic designer, most notable for writing and illustrating the manga series Afro Samurai.
He was hired by long-time classmate and friend Kevin Eastman.
His death had an immediate impact on the Japanese public.
She worked as Direct Sales Manager and Vice President of New Product Development at Marvel Comics from 1981 to 1991.
This includes serials starring Mickey and Goofy in Walt Disney's Comics and Stories and Mickey Mouse Magazine.
He was a member of the Eisner-Iger Studio in 1938-39 and of Funnies, Inc. in 1939-42.
Her duties in the team are Nanase Ohkawa's sounding board, and the character designer of Chobits and line artist for Tsubasa: Reservoir Chronicle.
While in college, he was moonlighting as an illustrator at a local bookstore, providing the drawings for textbooks used in elementary and high schools.
Sonia Leong is a freelance comic artist, illustrator and member of Sweatdrop Studios.
Other works include Hader and the Colonel, The Barr Girls, and Bosom Enemies.
Zoran Janjetov is a Serbian comics artist.
Swan, Swan -The Prayer of Swan- and Applause are the representative works.
He is most famous for his work with the Toronto Star; from 1958 until 1993.
In 1967, Otto Binder, a DC Comics writer and editor, recommended Costanza succeed Curt Swan as artist of the series Superman's Pal, Jimmy Olsen.
The comics were turned into the comedy film My Darling is a Foreigner, released in April 2010.
She debuted in 1979 with Megumi-chan ni Sasageru Comedy in LaLa.
Dave Roman is an American writer and artist of webcomics and comics.
Cem Ozuduru is a Turkish comic book artist.
He grew up in Halifax, Nova Scotia where he began illustrating stories while still in grade school.
He began drawing cartoon in 1997 as a professional cartoonist.
Fred Schrier is an artist, writer, and animator, best known as partner to the underground comic book artist Dave Sheridan.
With his partner phographer, Joe Zattere, founded fashion magazines such as Punk Artist, Focus, and Fumetti d'Italia.
Bill Reinhold is an American comic book artist, known primarily as an inker.
In the mid-1930s he started selling stories to the boys' story papers, his first story being "Snapshot Sammy" for The Triumph.
Wyatt was also selected as one of 2005's five best new comic book writers, contributing to the 2000AD Winter Special.
She was awarded the 2007 Diamond in the Rough scholarship for her CCS application comic, Heart Seed Snow Circuit.
Milton Arthur Paul "Milt" Caniff was an American cartoonist famous for the Terry and the Pirates and Steve Canyon comic strips.
Some of his works include Roachgirl and Taiwan Determination : Legend of Beigang.
Derek McCulloch is an author of graphic novels, comics, and books for children, lyricist, and playwright.
She now lives in Geneva and holds a regular comics section in the daily newspaper Le Courrier.
Altergott is best known for Doofus, a long-running series published by Fantagraphics, notorious for its low-brow, scatological humor.
Fran Walsh described writing the script for the production as laying the track down in front of a moving train.
He was the only boy amongst seven sisters.
Max Bunker, pen name of Luciano Secchi, is an Italian comic book writer, and publisher, best known as the co-author of Alan Ford.
Charles Adlard is a British comic book artist, known for his work on books such as The Walking Dead and Savage.
While stationed at Drew Field in Tampa, FL, he created Droopy the Drew Field Mosquito which ran in the Drew Field Echoes from 1942-1944.
Hodges also draws other subjects, including Captain America, Lord of the Rings, Rush, and original works.
Dion Hamill is a comic book artist born in Australia.
Maréchal terminated the series in 1967 to concentrate more on his job as a French-Spanish teacher in the Royal Atheneum in Verviers.
David Yurkovich is an American independent writer and illustrator of comic books and graphic novels.
A film based on his work called Baba Yaga, featuring the character Valentina, was made in 1973.
Christian De Metter is a French comic book artist.
In the late 1980s and early 1990s, Hollander drew comics for Mother Jones magazine.
She is married to fellow manhwa artist Doha Kang, with whom she has two children.
Larry Hama is an American comic-book writer, artist, actor, and musician who has worked in the fields of entertainment and publishing since the 1960s.
Leonard Kirk is an American-born comic book artist living in Canada.
Lewis Trondheim, is a French cartoonist and one of the founders of the independent publisher L'Association.
He was one of the classic artists of Tintin magazine, alongside Edgar P. Jacobs and Hergé, of whom he was a longtime collaborator.
He is the only child of Rufino Calusa and Teofila Sobrepeña.
Howard "Howie" Post was an American animator, cartoonist and comic strip and comic book writer-artist.
He is best known for creating the character Spirou in 1938.
In 1972, Graziano began to work in comics at StudiOriga in Milan.
Carl Frank Ludwig Ed was a comic strip artist best known as the creator of Harold Teen.
Max Andersson is a Swedish comic creator and film maker, mostly doing "underground style" and "artistic" comics.
Hergé asked Laudy as one of the first artists, together with Jacobs, Paul Cuvelier, and Jacques van Melkebeke, to fill the new Tintin magazine.
He has also illustrated several cards in the Doomtown collectible card game.
Delaf, is a Québécois comics creator and illustrator, notable for his work in The Bellybuttons, a comics feature that he co-created with his wife, Maryse Dubuc.
He was additionally one of the first professional Web journalists, becoming an editor of a Silicon Alley start-up in 1996.
He worked on Takaya Kagami's light novel adaptation of A Dark Rabbit Has Seven Lives.
These were paid for at the fee of three dollars each."
Savage Pencil is a comics artist, and is the nom de plume of English music journalist Edwin Pouncey.
Lee Chi Ching is a Hong Kong manhua illustrator with the pen name "清兒".
Known for her unique, edgy style and storytelling, George Asakura crosses over between the everyday and the fantastic, the hilarious and bittersweet.
Yana Toboso is a Japanese manga artist born in Warabi, Saitama Prefecture, Japan and currently resides in Yokohama.
Dunn was also one of the primary artists involved in the short-lived Marvel Mangaverse project.
Joey Cavalieri is an American writer who has also served as an editor in the comic book field.
Subsequent works appeared in Sing Pao, Oriental Daily and Hong Kong Economic Times.
Something like Spider-Man, a book that never has a third act, that seems crazy."
Moore was credited with showing writer Alan Moore, then a struggling cartoonist, how to write comic scripts.
Philippe Francq is a Belgian comic book artist, best known for the series Largo Winch.
It ran in newspapers from 1944 to 1964.
He was the primary artist on Archie, the company's flagship title, from the late '50s through the mid-'70s.
Initially a comic book artist and illustrator his painterly style led to him leaving this genre and concentrating on fine art in 1996.
His most famous contributions was to the Modesty Blaise comics written by Peter O'Donnell.
Barry Liebmann is a comedy writer whose work has frequently appeared in the pages of MAD Magazine, and has also worked for Looney Tunes comics.
His other works include the Eisner Award-winning sequel Whiteout: Melt, and the thrillers Shooters and Underground.
He returned to Congo, where he published several albums, then moved to Belgium in 1992.
Mel Rubi is an artist best known for his comic book work.
Mike Deodato, sometimes credited as Mike Deodato Jr., is the professional pseudonym of Brazilian comic book artist Deodato Taumaturgo Borges Filho.
He has also worked on several other titles produced by the publishing company Antarctic Press, collaborating with other writers and artists on many of them.
In the early 1990s, the self-taught artist became prominent due to his work on Marvel Comics' The New Mutants and later X-Force.
He is best known as the creator of the Hero by Night comic book series and the webcomic Yirmumah.
He drew a cartoon featuring an L-shaped coffin over which a general exclaims "Good news, we've turned the corner in Vietnam!"
Sui Ishida is a Japanese manga artist.
Initially a science-fiction artist, his story Captain Futur appeared in book form in 1979 by Les Humanoïdes Associés.
Samm Schwartz was an American comic artist best known for his work in MLJ and Archie Comics, specifically on the character Jughead Jones.
Paul Michael Szep is a political cartoonist.
After several episodes of Nick Raider, he became part of the regular staff of Tex.
was published in North America by Viz Media.
The comic book deals with themes like social injustice, illegal immigrants and globalization.
His name is sometimes spelled with one extra letter: Elliott A. Caplin.
Her manga Venus Versus Virus was adapted into an anime television series in 2007.
He eventually became head of the humor staff for Esquire in the late 1930s.
William J. C. "Bill" Amend III is an American cartoonist, best known for his comic strip FoxTrot.
She married Dr. John B. Hopper II in 1944 and started signing her name as "Fran Hopper."
Jen Sorensen is an American cartoonist and illustrator who authors a weekly comic strip that often focuses on current events from a liberal perspective.
Gary Frank is a British comics artist, notable for pencilling on Midnight Nation and Supreme Power, both written by J. Michael Straczynski.
He is possibly best known for his work on the various Batman Adventures titles.
He published the first book collection of Kyle's B&B in September 2004; it was a nominee in the Humour category at the 2005 Lambda Literary Awards.
I remember Harry delivering a job three hours late.
John Costanza is an artist and letterer who has worked in the American comic book industry.
Jeffery Lynn "Jeff" Millar was an American comic strip writer and film critic best known for creating the Tank McNamara comic strip with illustrator Bill Hinds.
Rick Spears is an American comic book writer, best known for Teenagers from Mars and other independent comics.
Dick Briel was a Dutch comic artist living in Amsterdam who followed the Ligne claire style.
Maitena Burundarena, better known as Maitena, is an Argentine cartoonist.
He mainly works for major French publishers.
Tony Tallarico is an American comic book artist, and children's book illustrator and author.
He is a founder and key member of Oubapo association, Ouvroir de BAnde dessinée POtentielle.
John Mark Reppion is a British writer.
He is best known for his series Alix.
Jenette Kahn is an American comic book editor and executive.
Thomas P. Gill was an American comic book artist best known for his nearly 11-year run drawing Dell Comics' The Lone Ranger.
He is best known for his work on The Amazing Spider-Man, Wonder Woman, Flash, Metal Men and for co-creating the character The Punisher.
Sophia Violet "Sophie" Crumb is an American-French comics artist.
In 2005, Brunetti curated The Cartoonist's Eye, an exhibit of 75 artists' work, for the A+D Gallery of Columbia College Chicago.
John Celardo was an American comic strip and comic book artist, best known for illustrating the Tarzan comic strip.
Notable artwork for DC Comics include a long run on Batman as regular penciller, Nightwing, Richard Dragon, and most recently Green Arrow.
In 2002, he won the Prize Josep Toutain a l'Autor Revelació from the Barcelona International Comics Convention.
Richard Case is an American comics artist best known for his work for DC Comics especially the Vertigo imprint.
Steve Pugh is a British comic book artist who has worked for American and British comic producers including DC, Marvel, Dark Horse and 2000 AD.
Kalman Andrasofszky is a Canadian comic book artist, writer, inker, letterer, penciller, and designer.
Her first published comics work appeared in Robert Crumb's anthology magazine Weirdo in 1981.
She made her debut in 1977 with Yakusoku in Lyrica.
Maurer suffered from heart disease and Parkinson's disease during his later years, but continued to draw until shortly before his death.
According to her English-language publisher, Nanami is ambidextrous, but draws her manga only with her left hand.
He currently resides in Columbus, Ohio where he moved after serving as the 2015-16 Fellow at the Center for Cartoon Studies.
Wessler was one of at least five staff writers under editor-in-chief Stan Lee at Marvel's 1950s forerunner, Atlas Comics.
Barry is best known for her weekly comic strip Ernie Pook's Comeek.
At other times, he would eliminate panel lines altogether and draw the characters in an open white space.
Noto has also worked as a concept artist for video games such as BioShock.
Anderson also contributed for many years to PS, the preventive maintenance comics magazine of the U.S. Army.
Cole was particularly known for his bold covers, featuring what he referred to as "poster colors"—the use of primary colors often over black backgrounds.
His work is highly nostalgic, especially for the early-to-mid-20th Century period, and of Southern Ontario.
Michael Manning is an American comic book artist and writer, fine art illustrator, and traditionally trained animator currently based in Los Angeles, California.
Joost Swarte is a Dutch cartoonist and graphic designer.
Called by some the "British Stan Lee," Skinn is one of British comics' most influential figures.
Much of his early work was published by Antarctic Press in Fun and Perils in the Trudyverse.
He is the main author of the animated feature film Technotise: Edit & I released in 2009.
Naoko Takeuchi is a Japanese manga artist.
It is drawn by six female cartoonists who rotate the drawing duties through the week.
He often works with writer/sound magician Pascal Wyse.
Wayne Reynolds is a British artist whose work has appeared in comics and role-playing games.
Feiffer began writing for the theater and film in 1961, with plays including Little Murders, Feiffer's People, and Knock Knock.
Jules Ralph Feiffer is an American syndicated cartoonist and author, who was considered the most widely read satirist in the country.
His main graphic novel Faust was adapted by Brian Yuzna as the 2001 movie Faust: Love of the Damned.
He is known for collaborations with Janry on Spirou et Fantasio and Le Petit Spirou, and with Luc Warnant and later Bruno Gazzotti on Soda.
Alan McKenzie is a British comics writer and editor known for his work at 2000 AD.
Bill Benulis was an American comic book artist in the 1950s.
His work is noted for its satire and parody of popular culture, social critique, and attention to detail.
He then went on to Florida State University where he drew political cartoons for The Florida Flambeau, from 1969 to 1971.
After the war, he started working as a graphic artist in the Świat Młodych magazine, where he also published comics.
Parkins has also illustrated two of Richard Platt's books in the Pirate Diary series.
Rockwell was a nephew of the famed painter and illustrator Norman Rockwell.
Hermann Huppen is a Belgian comic book artist.
They give an overview of their theme without becoming difficult.
A graduate of Wichita State University in Kansas, he worked as an editorial cartoonist for the Wichita Eagle and later the Albuquerque Tribune.
Robert Tinnell is a film screenwriter, director, and producer.
George Pratt is an American painter and illustrator known for his work in the comic book field.
A film featuring God of Bath is in the works.
He was the son of Ransom Sherman, an established vaudeville and radio comedian of the day.
Mizuno is best known for Fire!, one of the first shōjo manga with a boy protagonist, for which she won the 1970 Shogakukan Manga Award.
José Ladrönn is a comic book penciller and inker born in Mexico.
Most of his work has been for DC Comics, ToyBiz, on projects including The Lord of the Rings, Spider-Man, X-Men, World Championship Wrestling, and Harry Potter.
On March 17, 1905, he gave a chalk talk at a Minneapolis St. Patrick's Day celebration.
Pop Mhan is a comic book penciller and inker.
Murry also drew such characters as Donald Duck, Uncle Scrooge, Brer Rabbit, The Sleuth, and others.
Larry Stroman is an American comic book artist and writer.
He co-created and drew The Wizard of Id comic strip until passing the job on to his son, Jeff Parker, in 1997.
Jack Lawrence is a British comics creator.
Briel died of cancer on September 26, 2011.
He contributes a regular strip to the newsletter Music Makers Rag.
In a throwback to the days of underground comix, Ryan's oeuvre is generally an attempt to be as shocking and politically incorrect as possible.
Moore was the Staff Cartoonist in the Texas Navy at Corpus Christi.
Newgarden attended New York's School of Visual Arts in the late 1970s/early 1980s, where his classmates included fellow cartoonists/illustrators Drew Friedman and Kaz.
He also worked for the satirical French weekly Charlie Hebdo for ten years, from 2004 to mid-2014.
This included the first issues of The Incredible Hulk and The X-Men.
Besides Disney, Murry also drew Woody Woodpecker comics, the Buck O'Rue comic strip, and gag cartoons.
She is a graduate of the Oita prefectural Geijutsu Midorigaoka High School.
He wrote scripts for Andy Panda, Little Lulu, Woody Woodpecker and Little Scouts.
Tyrone Templeton is a Canadian comic book artist and writer who has drawn a number of mainstream titles, TV-associated titles, and his own series.
Her notable credits include Ultimate Comics: Spider-Man, and Captain Marvel.
Nanase Ohkawa is a member of the all-female manga-creating team Clamp.
He has illustrated a number of novels, and worked for a while with DC Comics.
Adrian Kleinbergen is a Canadian artist, born in Edmonton, Alberta.
Victor Gorelick is an American comic book editor and executive.
Chin has her own manga blog「日本ラー」 which chronicles her travel experiences to Japan.
Miehm’s other freelance work includes assignments in the advertising and commercial illustration fields.
Vicatan was a Filipino comic book artist and novelist.
During the 1990s he produced a number of creator-owned works, including Next Men and Danger Unlimited.
Seda was originally a painter and ceramics artist, graduating from in Illinois State University with a B.A.
His comic works include Ren and Stimpy, The Adventures of Captain Jack, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Adventures and a number of other cartoon works.
He is a part of the Atlanta-based Studio Revolver.
He was posthumously inducted into the comic book industry's Jack Kirby Hall of Fame in 1991.
Murasaki Yamada, born as Mitsuko Shiratori, was a Japanese feminist essayist, manga artist, and poet.
Gary Panter is a cartoonist, illustrator, painter, designer and part-time musician.
She has contributed to many comics, cartoons and manga publications including Animerica, Nickelodeon Magazine, Otaku USA and websites Anime News Network, The Comics Journal.
He also studied at the Art Students League.
Demons!, a graphic novel she terms "autobiofictionalography".
Joe Phillips is an American artist, known for his mainstream comic book art and for his work depicting his views of gay life.
Phillips provided scripts and animation art for the American Broadcasting Company children's program Curiosity Shop.
Economix was a New York Times bestseller, and received praise from, among others, Wired, Publishers Weekly, and Mother Jones.
Battle's body of work consists mainly of contemporary American-style comic illustrations and fully painted illustration for publishing.
Satsuki Igarashi is a member of the all-female manga-creating team Clamp.
With Joaquín Xaudaró and Antonio Got, he founded the Sociedad Española de Dibujos Animados in 1932.
He is married to Terri Fontana-Hodges, for whom he named the character Vhonte Tervho.
His cartoons were printed as early as the 1930s.
Morvan and Munuera have however used background elements and secondary characters from the whole history of the title, and not just from Franquin's period.
Roger McKenzie is an American comic book writer best known for his work on Daredevil with Frank Miller.
It is about the madness of Hollywood seen through the eyes of a pair of scriptwriters.
Moriarty entered the Pratt Institute in 1956 and earned a BFA in 1960.
He has also worked with author Peter David on The Incredible Hulk and Supergirl.
Alex Maleev is a Bulgarian comic book illustrator, best known for the Marvel Comics' series Daredevil with frequent collaborator Brian Michael Bendis.
This includes that he may draw the poster for the next festival.
Barbara Randall Kesel is an American writer and editor of comic books.
Twelve years later, Mad writer Frank Jacobs reported that Prohias' conversational English was limited to "Hello" and "How are you, brother?"
Adrian Salmon is a comic book artist and illustrator from England.
He has resided in Soest, Dortmund and Berlin and now lives in Cologne.
in 1967 and directing, writing and designing several shorts for Sesame Street in 1969.
Georges Bess is a comics artist and comic book creator, best known for his collaborations with Alejandro Jodorowsky.
He is the brother of Ron Embleton.
Ricardo Garijo is an Argentinian author, publisher and artist, best known for his long career as a comics writer and artist.
Thirteen which was also adapted into a live-action film.
In 1993, he stopped drawing Billy Whizz, but Trevor Metcalfe and Vic Neill had been drawing a number of the strips for some time.
Andrew Cartmel is a British author and journalist.
Minetarō Mochizuki is a Japanese manga artist.
With Bill Jemas and Mark Millar, Bendis was the primary architect of the Ultimate Marvel Universe, launching Ultimate Spider-Man in 2000.
Additional issues were published by Fantagraphics Books, Aeon Press, and then self-published.
Roger Cruz is a Brazilian comic book artist.
His current work can be found in the comic Crickets, which was published by Drawn and Quarterly for its first two issues but is now self-published.
Bernard Edward "Bernie" Mireault is a Canadian comic book artist and writer.
There he created the Chick Call strip feature which appeared worldwide in American Armed Forces publications.
She debuted in 1968 with Yuki no Serenade.
David Thomas Rees is a humorist and cultural critic whose career has moved between various disciplines.
He is best known for his ligne claire or clear line style of drawing, and in fact coined the term.
John F. Ryan IV is an American alternative comics creator.
In 2013, Fredericks retired, and the Mandrake daily comic strip went into reprints from 1995 beginning on July 8, 2013.
However, Dury had been contributing to Viz since as early as 1985, often delivering his cartoons by hand to Donald's house.
Aside from DC, Garza has worked on Marvel Comics's Marvel Knights Spider-Man and Top Cow's Witchblade.
He worked on 22 syndicated features, including Little Orphan Annie, which he drew for five years.
Sean Michael Wilson is a comic book writer from Edinburgh, Scotland, who lives and works in Japan.
He is the creator of Jazz Age Chronicles, which was originally published for two years by EF Graphics and Caliber Comics, and is now a webcomic.
Born in 1968, grew up in Dundas, Ontario.
Jackson "Butch" Guice is an American comics artist who has worked in the comics industry since the 1980s.
In 1956, Archie publisher John Goldwater decided to do a comic about the adventures of Archie as a little boy.
He has also done work for First Comics, Dark Horse Comics, and Windsor-Smith Studios.
Tara Seibel is an American cartoonist, graphic designer and illustrator from Cleveland.
Elmer Simms Campbell was an American cartoonist who signed his work E. Simms Campbell.
He has also created art and designs for book covers.
He was nominated for two Eisner Awards.
After Phineas and Ferb ended production, Kaz returned to SpongeBob in 2015 as a writer.
She was inducted into the Will Eisner Comics Hall of Fame in 2001.
He also drew many covers for Gladstone Publishing's Disney magazines in the 1980s and 1990s in a great variety of styles.
Steve Parkhouse is a writer, artist and letterer who has worked for many British comics, especially 2000 AD and Doctor Who Magazine.
Kichka serves as head of the Israel Cartoonists Guild.
It is pronounced with stress on the second syllable.
Ken Penders is an American comic book creator and writer.
Snyder was a 1989 Eisner Award nominee, in the category of Best Art Team.
In 2010, he worked on Victorian Undead, written by Ian Edginton for Wildstorm.
In 2006, Tomer published The Placebo Man, which compiles much of his work from Bipolar.
Born Maxwell Ginzberg, he was also known as Max Gaines, M. C. Gaines and Charlie Gaines.
Mauricio Araújo de Sousa is a Brazilian cartoonist who has created over 200 characters for his popular series of children's comic books.
Marimo Ragawa was born on September 21 in Hachinohe, Aomori, but her age is not disclosed.
He won two Harvey Awards in 1991, one for best cartoonist and one for his work on Hate.
But Jules Feiffer stated, "I don't like his work.
Kleinbergen’s most recent comics project is the 2001 graphic novel, Frontiers, written and drawn by him and published by MU Press.
He is perhaps best known for his run on DC Comics' Teen Titans Go!.
Fink is considered to be one of Israel's leading comic book artists.
Portacio was also one of the seven co-founders of Image Comics, though he did not become a partner in the company.
Jim Holdaway was a British illustrator, who was famous for his illustrations of numerous comic strips.
Behzad Ghafarizadeh is an Iranian cartoonist and illustrator.
Joann Sfar is a French comics artist, comic book creator, novelist, and film director.
He also worked in comic strips, political cartoons, advertising, storyboarding, and commercial illustration.
He was a descendant of the poet William Blake and of Richard Everett, founder of Dedham, Massachusetts.
He created the animated TV series The Life and Times of Juniper Lee, which ran for three seasons on Cartoon Network.
He was an early contributor to the underground comix movement in the San Francisco area during the late 1960s and early 1970s.
Leah Moore is an English comic book writer, best known for Albion and Wild Girl.
Steven Jay Hughes was an American artist for the Chaos!
Her current work Dōse Mō Nigerarenai has been released in 9 volumes by Shogakukan.
He is best known as artist of the newspaper comic strip Scorchy Smith, about a pilot-adventurer in the inter-war years.
Steve Whitaker was a British artist best known as the colourist on the reprint of V for Vendetta.
He quit his job at Novell several years later in order to work on the webcomic full-time.
Michael Edward "Mike" Luckovich is an editorial cartoonist who has worked for The Atlanta Journal-Constitution since 1989.
Representative works are Magical Pokémon Journey and Fluffy, Fluffy Cinnamoroll.
His first Dennis strips featured the story arc which introduced Bea, Dennis' younger sister.
Ben Edlund is an American cartoonist, screenwriter, television producer, and television director.
He went on to do mainly fantasy and horror illustrations for science-fiction magazines and black-and-white horror-comics magazines.
Munuera is also the artist on the children's comic series Nävis, a spin-off of Philippe Buchet's science fiction series Wake.
He is known for his collaborations with writer Harvey Pekar on his American Splendor series as well as the graphic novel The Quitter.
Berneche also drew the strip True Tales of the RCMP for the Canadian Boy Scout magazine Trailblazers.
Mark Chiarello is an American illustrator, art director and comic book editor.
John Edmond Sparling, better known as Jack Sparling, was a Canadian comics artist.
His style has been compared to that of Mike Mignola, Adam Hughes, and Kevin Nowlan.
He also produced the comic strip Benjy in 1974 and 1975.
He won the 2000 Klasky Csupo screenwriting award for his teleplay "Whiskey Dickel, Int'l Cowgirl."
He was the regular inker on The Flash for over nine years, from issues 38 to #151, through many penciler changes.
He works under the pseudonym of Jo-El Azara.
Dumas was also a writer and essayist, and a columnist for the Greenwich Time.
Davenport has also appeared as a contestant on the game show Jeopardy!.
When he is working on doujin comics he goes by the name Red Bear and TEX-MEX.
Joe: A Real American Hero, The Punisher, Nth Man: The Ultimate Ninja, and Batman: Legends of the Dark Knight.
We had a whole bunch of phony names like Chuck's.
He is best known as the initial author of the series Jérôme K. Jérôme Bloche and La Balade au Bout du monde.
He also worked on the Gene Autry comic book for many years.
Jason Brashill is a British comic book artist.
Sterling Gates is an American comic book writer currently working for DC Comics.
Their collaborative comic book Raisin Pie is published by Fantagraphics.
Geppi founded Diamond Comic Distributors, the largest comic direct distribution service in 1982, and has served as the company's head to the present.
Maryse Dubuc is a Canadian comics writer, known particularly for The Bellybuttons which she created with her husband, artist Marc Delafontaine.
Fingerman has broadened his palette, turning to prose, and continuing to work in comics.
Classically trained as a painter, Texeira broke into the comics field in the early 1980s.
Emond's work is said to be reminiscent of rock n' roll tattoos and classic sign art, and characterised by darkly sardonic humour.
Mukesh Singh is an Indian comic book artist, famous for working with various international comics book companies like Liquid Comics and Marvel comics.
Les Contes Du Boudoir Hante #1: Delcourt, France, May, 2008
Don Allan Figueroa is a Filipino American comic book artist and toy designer.
Not to be confused with Larry Alcala.
Anne Briardy Mergen was an editorial cartoonist who lived in Miami, Florida.
Derek "Dez" Skinn is a British comic and magazine editor, and author of a number of books on comics.
Igarashi is known among manga fans for his bold, detailed art style and innovative storytelling.
His character Count Screwloose's admonition, "Iggy, keep an eye on me!
Henderson currently lives in his hometown of Woodstock, New York.
Pierre Fournier is a French comics writer and comics artist, working under the pen name Makyo.
In 1965, he created The Born Loser for the Newspaper Enterprise Association.
Comic books aside, Seko also works as a story-board artist for Nickelodeon's under-sea cartoon, SpongeBob SquarePants.
Michael Lark is an American comics artist.
Also in 1993 he began the wordless comic strip "Scene but Not Heard," starring a pink man and a red bear, in Nickelodeon Magazine.
In 1962 Bunker wrote a Western-style comic book, Maschera Nera.
Enrique Sánchez Abulí is a Spanish comics author, well known for his participation in the Spanish comics industry.
He was left in the care of aunts and relatives.
Steve Englehart is an American writer of comic books and novels.
In 1979, Archie Comics began to give Bolling more work as a writer-artist, starting by returning him to Little Archie on a part-time basis.
Yūji Terajima is a Japanese manga artist, born in Mannō, Kagawa.
Dean Ormston is a British born comic book artist.
Samuel Maxwell "Jerry" Iger was an American cartoonist.
A follow up book, Hector Plasm: Totentanz, was published in 2009 and has the theme of Halloween celebrations around the world.
Shonen Art Studio, Watson-Guptill, USA, 2009 
Much of his work appeared in a magazine he founded, Weirdo, which was one of the most prominent publications of the alternative comics era.
She is best known for her work on comic book titles such as Power Pack, X-Factor, New Mutants, Superman: The Man of Steel, and Steel.
His work has been published in many countries and his influence on the field has remained strong since his comics heyday.
He graduated from the University of Tehran and received his master’s degree in materials engineering.
Shingo Nanami is a Japanese manga artist.
After two years with Ripley, Clarke joined the army, where he worked for the European edition of Stars and Stripes and met his wife.
Forman was born in Detroit, Michigan and graduated with a bachelor's degree in government from California State University, Los Angeles.
Enrique Badía Romero is a Spanish comics artist, best known to English-speaking audiences for his work on Modesty Blaise.
Clarke's earliest professional job was at the age of 17, as an uncredited assistant on the "Ripley's Believe It or Not" comic strip.
Richard Piers Rayner is an English comic book artist.
Brian Basset is an American comic strip artist.
His first of many collections of satirical cartoons, Sick, Sick, Sick, was published in 1958, and his first novel, Harry, the Rat With Women, in 1963.
Kelley Jones is an American comics artist best known for his work on Batman with writer Doug Moench and on The Sandman with writer Neil Gaiman.
She is also the creator of Cihualyaomiquiz, The Jaguar, a self-published comic book printed under Molina's own Insurgent Comix imprint.
Al Smith was an American cartoonist whose work included a long run on the comic strip Mutt and Jeff.
Miel has a master's degree in design from the University of New South Wales.
Luciana collaborated with her on the series' stories starting from issue #13.
Jack C. Harris is an American comic book writer and editor known mainly for his work in the 1970s and 1980s at DC Comics.
Her popular series Snow Drop is a story about star-crossed teenagers So-na and Hae-gi who fall madly in love.
Her first series, which is also her latest finished work, Kaichō wa Maid-sama!
Kevin Fagan is an American cartoonist and creator of the syndicated comic strip Drabble.
Angela Kincaid, formerly known by her married name of Angela Mills, is a children's book illustrator best known for The Butterfly Children series of picture books.
Benjamin "Ben" Raab is an American comic book writer and editor.
Schrier's solo appeared in Slow Death Funnies #1, published by Last Gasp, Skull Comics #1, and Yellow Dog #19, published in 1971 by The Print Mint.
The episodes subsequently air on other TXN networks, including TV Aichi and TV Osaka.
Buckler drew virtually every major character at Marvel and DC, often as a cover artist.
Her first comics appeared as syndicated strips in the Seattle Stranger and gURL.com, a website aimed at teenage girls.
Born in New Haven, Connecticut, Caplin graduated from Ohio State University in 1936.
Joseph "Joe" Quesada is an American comic book editor, writer and artist.
Edmond Baudoin is a French artist, illustrator, and writer of sequential art and graphic novels.
He created many original second features for Western Publishing, but most of his work for the company was in writing stories with licensed characters.
Kyle Hotz is an American comic book writer and artist.
Terrence "Terry" Dodson is an American comic book artist and penciller.
Notable creators associated with the company included Jack Cole, Reed Crandall, Will Eisner, Lou Fine, Gill Fox, Paul Gustavson, Bob Powell, and Wally Wood.
He is best known for writing the webtoon Dr.
Ed Brubaker is an American comic book writer and cartoonist.
Darren G. Davis is an American independent comic book publisher and writer.
He was inducted into the Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2004.
Régis Loisel is a French cartoonist, best known for the series La Quête de l'oiseau du temps, written by Serge Le Tendre.
Oliphant's work has appeared in several exhibitions, most notably at the National Portrait Gallery.
Adrian Raeside lives in Whistler, British Columbia.
Hickman has mastered a variety of styles and is known for his versatility.
Schwartz was a teacher at the School of Visual Arts during the early 1960s.
She got two diplomas there, in Visual Arts in the Institut Saint-Luc and in Lithography/Engraving at the Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts of Brussels.
In 1965, Schwartz left Archie Comics to become an artist and editor at Tower Comics, founded by former Archie editor Harry Shorten.
He also wrote and illustrated books about cartooning and comic art.
Michel Lacombe is a Canadian comic book artist.
He is a fan of retro-kitsch and likes to incorporate this into his work.
Irving was born in 1921 in Poughkeepsie, New York.
He is known for his creation of Paulus the woodgnome.
Reed Leonard Crandall was an American illustrator and penciller of comic books and magazines.
It consisted of a book as an art object with pages in widely varying media, all put together by a bookbinder.
After degreeing at the Institute of Arts and Crafts in Padua, he debuted as artist in 1970 on the periodical Il Santo dei Miracoli.
During the 1990s, he did the comic Montana.
Dale Keown is a Canadian comic book artist, known for his runs on The Incredible Hulk and his creator-owned book, Pitt.
His feature film work includes concept and narrative art for Spider-Man and Spider-Man 2, and DVD packaging art for the M. Night Shyamalan film Unbreakable.
Jay Odjick is a writer, artist and television producer from the Kitigan Zibi Anishinabeg community.
Hidenori Kusaka is a Japanese manga author known for writing the Pokémon Adventures manga.
The series he is best known for is Gold Digger, a long-running manga style comic.
He died of lung cancer at age of 77 and is buried in Woodlawn Park Cemetery and Mausoleum in Miami, Florida.
Rafael Kayanan is a Filipino-born naturalised American comics artist and Filipino martial arts master in the Sayoc Kali system.
Dan Goldman is an American writer, artist and producer living in Los Angeles.
After graduating he worked as a freelance magazine illustrator to support his Abstract Expressionist painting.
Hanselmann has been nominated four times for an Ignatz Award for his work in comics.
Jim Valentino is an American writer, penciler, editor and publisher of comic books.
He was known as Jimmy to some and Swinny to others.
Malcolm Douglas was an illustrator and an avid fan of folk music.
Fumizuki's most famous work to date is Ai Yori Aoshi, a 17-volume work which has been turned into an anime series.
He is a professor of journalism at Columbia College Chicago and a member of the school's Board of Trustees.
Brockton McKinney is an American comic book writer, short story author and horror film screenwriter.
Knight also appeared in The Marginal Prophets, a hip-hop band.
His first job in comics was assisting cartoonist George Shedd on the adventure comic strip Marlin Keel.
In 1946, the National Cartoonists Society inaugurated the Billy DeBeck Memorial Awards, which became the Reuben Award in 1954.
Rade Tovladijac is a Serbian fantasy and comic book artist, illustrator, painter and architect.
Parkins' first work for The Beano was on "Billy Whizz" in 1989.
Since his death, Peyo's children have continued to promote his work under the brand "Peyo".
Henri Gillain was a Belgian teacher and comics enthusiast who on several occasions wrote scripts for Franco-Belgian comics publications in the segment known as Bande Dessinée.
Mark Alan Stamaty is an American cartoonist and children's writer and illustrator.
Robert Loren Fleming is an American comic book writer.
In 2006 he joined the UNRIC movement Cartooning for Peace.
An episode from Sticky was included in Best Erotic Comics 2008.
He also work as an illustrator for Koei's Romance of the Three Kingdoms PS2 game series.
In 2016, he co-authored with Michael E. Mann The Madhouse Effect, describing the global warming controversy.
As of 2013, he sits on the board of directors of the charity The Hero Initiative and serves on its Disbursement Committee.
He was arrested in Feb. 2000 for drawing a cartoon and spent 6 days at the Evin Prison in Tehran.
Bianchi’s style is distinguished by his use of ink wash, or watercolor halftones, in rendering his work, a non-traditional technique by mainstream American standards.
Along with Bellegarde, Benito Cereno created the supernatural investigator Hector Plasm.
He went on to contribute much significant work to Marvel.
It was illustrated by artist William "Seitu" Hayden.
Common elements in her work are fantastic human/animal hybrids and German culture.
Her manga Moon Child is licensed in English by CMX Manga.
Austin Osueke is an American comic book artist, publisher, and founder of eigoMANGA.
He had been hit by a car.
Raeside began drawing editorial cartoons for the Victoria Times Colonist in Victoria, BC in 1979.
Kaluta, is an American comics artist and writer best known for his acclaimed 1970s adaptation of the pulp magazine hero, The Shadow with writer Dennis O'Neil.
Rafael Aura León was a Spanish comics artist, known primarily as Auraleón, which is how he signed his work.
In 2007 she won the Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen manga for Kekkaishi.
Bob Byrne is an Irish comics writer, artist, and independent publisher, based in Dublin.
The second, Leg, is a musical about teenage pregnancy in the near future of Iceland.
John Hambrock is the creator of the comic strip The Brilliant Mind of Edison Lee.
Marimo Ragawa's calm and cute design is one of the traits of her drawings.
He was involved with the Wonder Woman franchise for over twenty years, taking over the scripting from creator William Moulton Marston.
He is currently working on the critically acclaimed series X-O Manowar from Valiant Entertainment.
Parker himself died eight days later, on April 15.
Born in Brooklyn, New York, Smith was the art editor for the syndication department of the New York World from 1920 to 1930.
Ross' style has been said to exhibit "a Norman-Rockwell-meets-George-Pérez vibe", and has been praised for its realistic, human depictions of classic comic book characters.
Basil Wolverton was an American cartoonist and illustrator, and "Producer of Preposterous Pictures of Peculiar People who Prowl this Perplexing Planet."
She is the owner of Iron Circus Comics.
She also writes dōjinshi under the pen name Fumio Agata.
He is best known for writing the comic strips The Warrumbunglers and On The Rocks.
In 2001, she became the second female cartoonist to win the Pulitzer Prize for Editorial Cartooning.
Ho Che Anderson is a cartoonist and comics artist primarily affiliated with Fantagraphics publishers.
Antonio "Tony" Velasquez is a Filipino illustrator regarded as the Father of Tagalog comics and as the pioneer and founding father of the Philippine comics industry.
District Comics: An Unconventional History of Washington, DC Gn
Whiz presents Tubby, Bullwinkle, Mister Ed and The Munsters.
Allan Stomann is an Australian cartoonist and illustrator.
Some of his works have also appeared in the adult manga magazine Lemon People and the manga anthology series Petit Apple Pie.
After working briefly at a Belgian animation studio, Peyo began making comic strips for daily newspapers such as Le Soir shortly after World War II.
It was named the second best sports book of 2007 by Amazon.com.
Graduating in 1979, he became a freelance illustrator, working on postcards, school textbooks, newspapers and magazines as well as comics.
Bill Day is an American cartoonist best known for his syndicated editorial cartoons.
Ohkawa announced in her blog that from March 1, 2008, she should be addressed as Nanase Ohkawa again.
She is well known for her series Ouran High School Host Club.
Morelli was a staff letterer at Marvel during the 1980s, where he was known by the affectionate nickname "Squid".
"I was known as the "thing" artist," said Clarke.
He also contributed to Le Journal, Pinocho, ABC, Blanco y Negro, El Debate, Ya, Informaciones, Ahora.
Lívia or Livia Rusz is a Romanian and Hungarian graphic artist, best known for her work in illustration, comic strip and comic book genres.
The Russian patronymic for a son of Ilya is "Ilyich", and a daughter is "Ilyinichna".
He is best known as the artist of DC Comics' Legion of Super-Heroes and Doom Patrol titles.
He has done design work for toys and video games, and miniature busts have been produced based on his renditions of notable characters.
Antonino Gilligan "Tony" Consiglio is an American cartoonist.
He also worked for Disney Adventures, Beckett, Image Comics and Marvel Comics' Creative Services.
Back in France, he focused on translating and publishing TSR games until 1989.
Faust : Love of the Damned - adapted by Brian Yuzna as the 2001 movie Faust: Love of the Damned
He was also a prolific illustrator of children's books and created merchandise for babies, small children, and girls.
Coyle's work has a hyper-reality to it which is achieved with fine-tip black Artline pens.
Ruth Atkinson Ford née Ruth Atkinson and a.k.a.
Alberto Aleandro Uderzo, known as Albert Uderzo, is a French comic book artist and scriptwriter.
Joe Harris is an American comic book writer and screenwriter.
Youn In-wan is a South Korean manhwa writer.
Herbert Lawrence Block, commonly known as Herblock, was an American editorial cartoonist and author best known for his commentaries on national domestic and foreign policy.
He is best known for his graphic novel adaptation of J.R.R.
Henry Scarpelli was an American comic book artist who has worked in comics.
After World War II, he created his very first comic strip, Islaw Palitaw, which was printed on the pages of the Filipino weekly magazine, Liwayway).
An editor at DC Comics/Vertigo from 1987 to 1993, he served as assistant editor on Neil Gaiman's groundbreaking Sandman.
He is owner of Comicfix, a media company that has developed licensed properties.
Crockett Johnson was the pen name of the American cartoonist and children's book illustrator David Johnson Leisk.
He is also the author of Yearbook Stories, 1976–1978, published by Top Shelf.
A syndicated daily strip for United Media, The Knight Life, was launched in 2008.
Jorge Rubén Zaffino was a comic book artist born in Argentina.
Chrissie Zullo is a comic book artist whose notable works include the covers for Cinderella: From Fabletown with Love.
His most widely known work is the Action!
He received the Kodansha Manga Award three times, for Actor in 1987, for The Silent Service in 1990, and for Zipang in 2002.
As an editor, he is principally known for editing the various Batman titles.
Schulz and Maurer continued to meet for coffee at Snoopy’s Home Ice skating rink in Santa Rosa, California, until Schulz's death in 2000.
They are currently working on Planet of the Apes for Mr.Comics.
Moldoff is not to be confused with fellow Golden Age comics professional Sheldon Mayer.
Sohmer writes the webcomics Least I Could Do and Looking for Group.
Peter "Pete" Woods is an American comic book artist, known for his work on titles such as Backlash, Deadpool, Robin, Catwoman, Amazons Attack, and Action Comics.
Reed wrote over 200 comics and graphic novels, sometimes under assumed names.
He also owns a Sonic Blue Mica-colored 1999 WRX Type STi Version 6 with a STi sports bumper just like Takumi's father, Bunta.
Noel Van Horn is a cartoonist born in the United States and living in Canada.
His artwork made much use of Navajo and Mexican themes and motifs against shifting desert backgrounds.
Her work includes romantic comic books, coloring books, magazines, and calendars.
During the Second World War he did his military service in the Royal Signal Corps, before acting as editor of The Champion until Smith returned.
Thomas "Tom" Lyle is an American comics artist who is best known as for his work on Starman and Robin for DC Comics.
Some sources list his birth date as March 22 and others as March 29.
In 2011 Phoenix edited and directed the production of Nelson from an original idea by Rob Davis.
He wrote the horror manga The Neighbor No.
Linus Albert Maurer was an American cartoonist, illustrator and puzzle designer.
The Gallery Katsuji Matsumoto in Tokyo is managed by his surviving children.
Mike Kazaleh is an American animator and comic artist, and a one-time member of Rowrbrazzle from Detroit.
He lost his father at an early age and was primarily raised by his mother.
Kyosuke Usuta is a Japanese manga artist.
He currently serialises new work online at hicksvillecomics.com.
When Audrey's mother died a few years later, the shop was sold, and Birnage returned to Amalgamated Press.
He is the winner of two Pulitzer Prizes, having received one in 1966 and a second in 1980.
She is also an accomplished painter with work in galleries and many private collections.
He drew The Slap of Doom in Psychopia.
His trademark is a small penguin character named Punk, who is often seen making a comment about the subject of the panel.
Many of these did not include the Sylvia character.
Since the mid-1980s, Upton has performed numerous times as a member of GX Jupitter-Larsen's noise band / performance art troupe The Haters.
In her childhood she liked to draw pictures of horses and things but had no special interest in manga.
New Yorker cartoonist Arnold Roth said, "Al Jaffee is one of the great cartoonists of our time."
However, Hampson drew only part of the Saturn story and his script was altered when he passed the strip to assistants.
Bonvi, pen name of Franco Bonvicini, was an Italian comic book artist, creator of Sturmtruppen and Nick Carter strips.
Aya Nakahara is a Japanese manga artist.
He has worked mainly for Dark Horse Comics on various Star Wars series.
Guido Crepas, better known by his nom de plume Guido Crepax, was an Italian comics artist.
Stevens and her partner, Jill Town were the first same-sex couple in Manitoba to be granted adoption rights as a couple.
He has been compared to Carl Barks, and cartoonist Fred Hembeck has dubbed him "the most consistently funny cartoonist to work in the comic book medium".
Seda died at age 37 from respiratory failure after catching the flu.
Peter Snejbjerg Nielsen is a Danish comic book artist.
Vincent also painted The Thanos Quest, several graphic novels, posters, trading cards, covers and advertising while working for Marvel.
Nat Gertler is an American writer known for his comic books and his books about comics, including two on Charles Schulz's Peanuts.
Particularly since 9/11, Bolling's work often concerns war.
He is also the co-creator of the post-apocalyptic science fiction strip AXA, as well as a substantial body of work in his native Spain.
His cartoon characters like Gajaman and Siribiris have been published in various Sinhala newspapers ranging from the Sunday Observer to Sivdesa.
He also created comic art for George Lucas such as Clone Wars and Indiana Jones.
Dorthea Antonette "Dori" Seda was an artist best known for her underground comix work in the 1980s.
Signing his work simply as Gilson, he is best known for Mélusine.
She received the 2000 Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo for Bara-Iro no Ashita, and the 2009 Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo for Kiyoku Yawaku.
Arvid Nelson is an American comic book writer, best known for Rex Mundi.
She is married and has a son.
Jamie Delano is a British comics writer.
In 2012, he published his very first full-length fiction, The Virtuals.
He has also storyboarded episodes of the Cartoon Network series Adventure Time, during its fifth and seventh seasons.
His first works were self-published, and later he contributed to Popo Color, Fusée, and Ferraille.
Olivier Ledroit is a French comic book artist, perhaps best known for his work on the Black Moon Chronicles series.
His manga SS has since been adapted into a movie to be released in early 2008.
He also drew "Hook Jaw" for Action.
Lauren Weinstein is an American comic book artist and illustrator.
Martin Kellerman is a Swedish cartoonist, known for the comic strip Rocky.
In 2005–2006, Espinosa produced the comic book Rocketo, published by Speakeasy Comics and Image Comics.
A San Diego resident since the 1950s, Estrada got involved in helping to put on the San Diego Comic-Con in the mid-1970s.
This cartoon has been described as one of the most important in Mexican popular culture.
His rare forays into interior art also include Batman: The Killing Joke, with UK-based writer Alan Moore, and a self-penned Batman: Black and White story.
Since 1992, he has drawn Underworld, an adult-themed syndicated comic strip that appears in many alternative weeklies.
Kelly Sue DeConnick is an American comic book writer and editor and English–language adapter of manga.
Clare A. Briggs was an early American comic strip artist who rose to fame in 1904 with his strip A. Piker Clerk.
Masahiro Anbe is a Japanese manga artist best known for his work Squid Girl.
Norman Nodel was an American comics-illustrator, mostly known for his work in Classics Illustrated.
On June 4, 2008, Slave Labor Graphics released the first "MuZz" graphic novel, containing issues 01-09.
He is best known for comics such as "Tom & Jerry", "Zuzuko", "Munja", "Mickey Mouse", "Goofy" and "Ellsworth".
Li Chi-Tak is a Hong Kong comic artist.
She created a poster for the film.
X-Men #1, the 1991 spinoff series premiere that Claremont co-wrote with Jim Lee, remains the best-selling comic book of all time, according to Guinness World Records.
He wrote the series Rex Libris for the Slave Labor Graphics Publishing Company.
She is best known for her manga series Codename: Sailor V and Pretty Soldier Sailor Moon.
He is represented with Horipro Booking Agency.
Ramón Torrents is a Spanish comic book artist.
His cover of Superman #14 is one of comics' most famous.
Douglas "Doug" Mahnke is an American comic book artist and penciller.
Her bibliography includes work for Crossgen, Dark Horse Comics, DC Comics, Image Comics, and Marvel Comics.
He continued to practice his craft on the back of his school papers.
She is best known for EmiTown, an autobiographical webcomic that was later published in print by Image Comics.
Yoshida is best known for the series Banana Fish.
Wheatley's comic book and pulp creations include Breathtaker, Mars, and Blood of the Innocent, all illustrated by his frequent collaborator Marc Hempel.
He then went on to work for Spirou, creating "Valry Bonpain," a comic series following a jazz musician, with Alain Clement.
She is most commonly associated with fellow Belgian comics writer Hergé and his Adventures of Tintin series.
Much of Kim Deitch's work deals with the animation industry and characters from the world of cartoons.
Dennis Calero is an American comic book artist and illustrator, known for his work on titles such as X Factor, Legion of Superheroes, and Kolchak.
Masamune Shirow is the pen name of Japanese manga artist Masanori Ota.
Tony DeZuniga was a Filipino comics artist and illustrator best known for his works for DC Comics.
Shadi Petosky is an American comics author, designer, and television animator.
In that same year, he founded Dante Quinterno Publishing.
Marguerite Abouet is an Ivorian writer of bandes dessinées, best known for her graphic novel series Aya.
She did art for comics published by Marvel Comics and DC Comics: Marvel Mangaverse: Punisher, and Transmetropolitan.
Graeme MacKay is the Hamilton Spectator's resident editorial cartoonist.
After the success of their one shot "Akuma Bengoshi Kukabara", they have begun to work on Defense Devil for the weekly manga magazine Shōnen Sunday.
Nick Abadzis is a British and writer/artist of comic books.
Much of his fiction has been published under pseudonyms.
Woodrow Gelman, better known as Woody Gelman, was a publisher, cartoonist, novelist and an artist-writer for both animation and comic books.
After studying with cartoonist Nestor Redondo, he had a fruitful career illustrating komiks in his native country.
His other major series are De Rode Ridder with over 200 albums and Bessy with almost 1,000 albums published in Germany.
Henryk Jerzy Chmielewski, also known under his pseudonym Papcio Chmiel, is a Polish comic book artist and journalist.
It’s also fun to see women do amazing things like jump over buildings."
She directed the animated feature film Sita Sings the Blues.
Michael Gustovich is an American artist, known for his comic book art in the 1980s and early 1990s.
His television work includes series such as Babylon 5, Young Justice, Ben 10: Alien Force and Nickelodeon's Space Cases, which he co-created with Bill Mumy.
Fredericks is also well known for inking The Phantom Sunday strips 1995 to 2000; Graham Nolan succeeded Fredericks when he decided to concentrate fully on Mandrake.
A fourth book was left "to be continued" but Ratcliffe Highway has not yet been released.
Spiegelman and Mouly edited eleven issues of Raw from 1980 to 1991.
His most recent work, Claymore, had run in the magazine between 2001 and 2014, completing at 155 chapters.
It won a special Pulitzer Prize in 1992 and has gained a reputation as a pivotal work, responsible for bringing scholarly attention to the comics medium.
His drawings became a trademark of the magazine.
Leblanc and his two partners created Le Lombard publishing, Tintin magazine, PubliArt advertising agency, and Belvision Studios.
Thermae Romae II is set for release in 2014.
Daniel Herman is an American attorney and the founder of Hermes Press, a comic book publication company based in New Castle, Pennsylvania.
Kev Hopgood is a British comic artist who has been drawing comic books since 1984.
In the mid-to-late 1980s he drew and published a comic called Captain Spaz with his friend Bobby Weiss.
Diamond Distribution became the successor to direct market pioneer Phil Seuling's distribution dream when Geppi took over New Media/Irjax's warehouses in 1982.
Virgilio "Virgil" Redondo y Purugganan was a Filipino comic book writer and artist.
He received his bachelor's degree from the University of Florida, where he was in charge of the production lab for the student newspaper, The Alligator.
His work often dwells in surrealism and absurdity "played as seriously as possible."
According to collaborator Geoff Johns, Reis' drawing style resembles a combination of Alan Davis and Neal Adams.
Comics he has worked on include Adam Strange, X-Men, Star Wars, Superman: Birthright, The Matrix Comics, Nextwave, New Avengers, Northlanders, American Vampire, and Nemesis.
Using his degree in music composition, he started an independent record label.
He is widely considered to be one of the most talented animators in the Golden age of American animation.
He is a member of Association of American Editorial Cartoonists.
Johnny Zito is a writer, film maker and artist best known for horror comedy Alpha Girls.
Like Peter Elson, Tony Roberts, Chris Foss and some other artists of the period, he influenced an entire generation of science fiction illustrators and concept artists.
Filipe Melo is a Portuguese musician, film director and comic book writer.
He has worked for Marvel Comics and DC Comics.
In 1951 he joined Archie Comics as a writer.
Marc Silvestri is an American comic book artist, creator and publisher.
Raeside also wrote and illustrated the popular Dennis the Dragon series of children's books.
Doselle Young is an American science fiction author, graphic novelist and contributor to both prose and comics anthologies.
Warren Sattler is an American artist and cartoonist, who contributed work to many popular publications from the early 1960s through the 1990s.
Michael Loubert also wrote "The Aardvarkian Age" columns that appeared in early issues of Cerebus.
He also penciled an early form of graphic novel, St. John Publications' digest-sized "picture novel" It Rhymes with Lust.
As a comic book inker teamed with his childhood friend Ross Andru, he drew for such major titles as The Amazing Spider-Man and Wonder Woman.
Moreno began working as a professional artist in the 1920s, contributing to a satirical magazine, Pulgarcito.
His later style is slightly reminiscent of that of Osamu Tezuka, a famous Japanese manga artist and personal friend.
Her first solo comic, the Xeric award-winning Inside Vineyland, was published in 2003.
He began drawing in the late 1970s, and specialized in manga starting in 1984.
She was born in Nishinomiya, Japan and grew up in Osaka.
He was the twin brother of the photographer and painter Jan Saudek.
Jones is best known for his work on Frank Frazetta's Death Dealer.
Kang's webtoons quickly drew attention, resulting in several film adaption based on his works.
Kazushi Hagiwara is a Japanese manga artist best known for creating the manga Bastard!!.
His main credits are as a penciler but he is an established inker as well as colorist and has some credits as a writer.
Eric Basaldua is an American comic book artist
Characters created by Jacquet's company include the Sub-Mariner and the original Golden Age Human Torch.
Roger Fletcher is an award-winning Australian cartoonist and illustrator.
William Maxwell "Bill" Gaines, was an American publisher and co-editor of EC Comics.
Sammy Harkham is an American cartoonist and editor, best known for editing the Kramer's Ergot alternative comics anthology.
He has worked on such properties as Supergirl, JSA, Star Trek, Batman, and Witchblade.
Jack Abel was an American comic book artist best known as an inker for leading publishers DC Comics and Marvel Comics.
He has drawn for television-related titles such as Gargoyles and Saban Entertainment's Mighty Morphin' Power Rangers.
Francis started as an apprentice to comics DC Comics legend Dick Giordano before working with his partner Neal Adams at Continuity Studios in New York City.
In 2016, he made his writing debut on Oni Press' Rick & Morty series.
Her parents reported that they wanted to remove her from the political conservatives and Christian fundamentalists of the United States.
Arturo Moreno Salvador was a Spanish cartoonist and animator.
Her last credited work appeared in 1948.
Later in his career, he worked for Dell on The Owl, Billy and Bonnie Bee, Buddies and other characters.
Mohiro Kitoh is a Japanese manga artist.
Mike Dawson is a British-American cartoonist, known for his work on books such as Freddie & Me, Ace-Face and Gabagool!
In 2010 they were commissioned by CiTV to develop their Fleabag Monkeyface series for television, acting as key creatives in storyline and character design.
He was also a co-creator of Mars Attacks, adapted into the 1996 movie by Tim Burton.
Dennis P. Eichhorn was an American writer, best known for his adult-oriented autobiographical comic book series Real Stuff.
During the 1970s, he worked with Oscar Fernández, producing various comics for Argentine magazines: "El Sátiro Virgen", "El Mono Relojero".
Luis García Mozos is a Spanish comic book artist.
Previously a resident of San Francisco, in 2007 he moved to Los Angeles.
Tom Orzechowski is a comic book letterer, primarily known for his work on Uncanny X-Men.
Though not seriously hurt, he should have gone to a hospital.
Luis Bermejo Rojo was a Spanish illustrator and comics artist known for his work published in Spain, Italy, Great Britain, and the United States.
In 2005, there were approximately 1350 students from Grades 9 to 12.
Roberta Gregory is an American comic book writer and artist best known for her character Bitchy Bitch from her Fantagraphics Books series Naughty Bits.
Brant Parker co-produced and illustrated Wizard of Id.
Sol Harrison was an American comic book colorist, production manager, and executive whose career spanned nearly 50 years in the industry.
Active in the 1940s and 1950s Golden Age of comic books, he is the first known African-American artist to find success in the comic-book industry.
He debuted in Weekly Shonen Jump with two short stories, Binetsu Rouge and Virgin Tyrant.
Ellis is the author of the novels Crooked Little Vein and Gun Machine, and the novella Normal.
He was the letterer during Alan Moore's acclaimed run on Swamp Thing.
John Arne Sæterøy, better known by the pen name Jason, is a Norwegian cartoonist, known for his sparse drawing style and silent, anthropomorphic animal characters.
James Sturm is an American cartoonist and co-founder of the Center for Cartoon Studies in White River Junction, Vermont.
He is known for adding comments at the end of every chapter in Blade of the Phantom Master.
His style at the time was heavily influenced by the art of Will Eisner, under whom he apprenticed.
He is known for his work with adult comic Viz, having contributed to the magazine from its early years.
He lives in Montreal, Quebec, with his wife, Sue, and son, Caden.
I knew I couldn't satisfy everyone and I had to save the very most important strips for [him].
Richard Bruning is an American graphic designer and comics creator.
Happy, the first of the experimental "Web Premiere Toons" for Cartoonnetwork.com.
Among Battefield's other projects was the January 1958 revised edition of Classics Illustrated #54, The Man in the Iron Mask.
Thomas Gregory "Tom" Toles is an American political cartoonist.
Angelo Agostini was an Italian-born Brazilian illustrator, journalist and founder of several publications, and although born in Italy, is considered the first Brazilian cartoonist.
One of the writers for the Batman comic strip and Super Friends, he also wrote The Inferior Five, among other comics.
His drawing style is noted for a high level of draftsmanship and attention to detail.
Before her career as a manga artist took off, she started out working as an assistant to Kozue Amano, creator of Aria.
Oscar González Loyo is a comic book artist, author of Karmatrón y Los Transformables.
Shirow Miwa is a Japanese manga artist and illustrator.
Gary Spencer Millidge is a British comic book creator best known for his series Strangehaven.
He created the manga Shadow Star and Bokurano: Ours, both of which were adapted into anime series.
In the 1990s, Burr worked for publishers like Paradox Press and Mojo Press.
He also worked on Superman with John Byrne.
He and MacIsaac produced a new full-color framing sequence for a hardcover collection published by Bruno Gmünder Verlag in March 2006.
He is the author of the book Masters of the Comic Book Universe Revealed!, and a writer for Mad magazine.
Though primarily a penciler and inker of interior comic art, he has also done work as a cover artist, colorist and writer.
Maki Enjōji is a Japanese manga artist.
studio where he works and collaborates with his contemporaries like Ramón K Pérez, Marcus To, Cary Nord, Francis Manapul, Scott Hepburn and others.
What exactly that role entailed is unclear, though it is known that the original and credited creator was relying on ghostwriters and artists at that point.
Dave McCaig is a Canadian artist and colourist who also works in the animation industry.
John Armstrong is a British comics artist, best known for his work in Misty and Tammy, for which he drew the long-running strip Bella.
She is currently freelancing and teaching classes in manga.
He is currently writing books for DC Comics and its Vertigo imprint.
His series Rubber Necker from Alternative Comics won the 2003 Harvey Awards for best new talent and best new series.
Rutu Modan is an Israeli illustrator and comic book artist.
He played a key role in the development of modern manhua in China, and is mostly remembered for his work in Sanmao.
His most notable works include Jimbo, Adventures in Paradise, Jimbo's Inferno and Facetasm, which was created together with Charles Burns.
Chin has also collaborated with video game developer WayForward Technologies, providing creature designs for their horror game LIT.
Williams' characters Skinboy and the Bad Boys made recurring appearances in many of his stories.
Mayer was inducted into the comic book industry's Jack Kirby Hall of Fame in 1992 and the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2000.
For Omega the Unknown, Skrenes created the supporting characters Amber Grant and Dian Wilkins.
He came to the art department covered with blood.
In the mid-1950s he left the studio to briefly edit and publish the Baywood Press in Northern California.
Faust: Book of M - nominated for the 1999 Bram Stoker Award for Best Illustrated Narrative
His sacrifice will put them and their culture both on the road to redemption.
He was inducted into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2002.
Mayer is not to be confused with fellow Golden Age comics professional Sheldon Moldoff.
His influences include British "Golden Age" book illustrator Arthur Rackham, Czech Art Nouveau painter Alphonse Mucha, and comic-strip artist Hal Foster, among others.
K-Hito was the pseudonym of Ricardo García López, Spanish humorist, caricaturist, bullfighting critic, film producer, and magazine publisher.
He is the creator of the iconic underground characters The Fabulous Furry Freak Brothers, Fat Freddy's Cat, and Wonder Wart-Hog.
A playwright and theatrical director/producer, Falk directed actors such as Marlon Brando, Charlton Heston, Paul Newman, Chico Marx and Ethel Waters.
Cooper also contributed to Fantagraphics' Duplex Planet Illustrated.
He is best known for his work in British comics, especially Sonic the Comic.
He worked as an architect for 25 years, including 18 years at IDA Ireland.
Paul Kupperberg is a writer and executive editor at Charlton Neo Comics and Pix-C Webcomics, and a contributing author with Crazy 8 Press.
He is best known for his work on Berserker and Battle Hymn.
That's how the name 'Charles Nicholas' started.
In 1992 Newgarden was designated as one of Entertainment Weekly's annual "Faces to Watch".
Yagami’s works are predominantly comedy shōnen manga with science fiction or high fantasy settings—for example, Dokkoida?!
He is also the creator of the comic book Death & Candy.
Christopher Terry Mosher, OC is a Canadian political cartoonist for the Montreal Gazette.
Phillips scripted for motion pictures, including Song of the Open Road, which featured the film debut of Jane Powell.
Alex Sinclair is a Mexican comic-book colorist known for his work with Jim Lee and Scott Williams.
Jaime Hernandez frequently cites Lucey as one of his biggest influences in cartooning, preferring Lucey's work to that of his more famous colleague Dan DeCarlo.
Hiroe's manga were originally published by Kadokawa Shoten in the 1990s but none were complete.
Ted Key, was an American cartoonist and writer.
He has also worked as an animation background designer, magazine illustrator and screenwriter.
Ryō Azumi is a Japanese manga artist whose works draw on Old Norse literature and other subjects from Northern Europe.
The comic strip does not answer readers' questions directly; it gives directions for creating an experiment for one to discover the answer independently.
Daryl Cagle is an American editorial cartoonist, the publisher of Cagle.com and owner of Cagle Cartoons, Inc., a newspaper syndicate.
In 1973 he published the controversial Gionni Peppe on the left-wing oriented magazine Linus, followed in 1981 by Joe Balordo.
Heinberg wrote the screenplay and co-wrote the story for the 2017 superhero film Wonder Woman.
Chris Eliopoulos is an American cartoonist and letterer of comic books.
Mark Fiore is an American political cartoonist specializing in Flash-animated editorial cartoons, whom the Wall Street Journal called the undisputed guru of the form.
Lawson created the Rat King and also co-created the series Planet Racers with Peter Laird.
He developed an allergy to graphite which required him to wear gloves while drawing.
He was the creator of Kenkoy, an “iconic Philippine comic strip character”.
He was an artist for the UK anthology 2000 AD, for which he contributed a large body of work from its first issue in 1977.
As the series progresses, Kevin grows as well as his trials and tribulations with hacking.
Aage Martin Lundvald was a Danish illustrator, cartoonist, and composer.
His 1963 creation Voltar introduced him to an international audience, particularly in the United States.
Leanne Shapton is a Canadian artist and graphic novelist, now living in New York City.
He has illustrated Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Judge Dredd, Sinister Dexter and Biker Mice from Mars, among others.
Alisa Kwitney is a writer of comedic romance novels and graphic novels.
He is best known for his work on Petit Eva: Evangelion@School.
Branca and Fernández moved to Barcelona, Spain, in 1976.
Kelley Puckett is a comic book writer.
Mike Noble is a British comic artist and illustrator, born in Woodford, 17 September 1930.
He was inducted into comic books' Jack Kirby Hall of Fame in 1996.
Presidents, senators and even Supreme Court justices come and go, but the Monument and Berryman stand."
His popularity and prominence were such that the magazine promoted Martin as "Mad's Maddest Artist."
Vernon Ethelbert Grant was a cartoonist who did graphic novels, and is also known for his digest-sized comic book series, The Love Rangers.
He is known for his work on the TV series Daredevil, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, Numbers and the films The Breed and Teenage Caveman.
He won the 2008 Joe Shuster Award for Best Colorist, which was awarded for the first time that year.
Raeside latest book:The Best of Adrian Raeside - A Treasury of BC Cartoons is a collection of the best of his BC-related editorial cartoons.
He authored one of the earliest essays on comic books, a 1942 pamphlet titled Narrative Illustration, The Story of the Comics.
As one commentator has written, "a truly modern bon vivant, Irvin was also a keen appreciator of the century of his birth.
In the late 1990s, he co-produced Eva K, a trilogy of comics albums, with Frank Giroud, followed by Mandrill, a series of four albums.
Her debut was with a work called Calling, which she made when she was only fifteen.
He designed a greeting card series with characters who took the shape of musical notes and later published his first cartoon collection, Notable Quotes, in 1981.
Baron, Neko no Danshaku, was also animated by Studio Ghibli and released as The Cat Returns.
Otto Oscar Binder was an American author of science fiction and non-fiction books and stories, and comic books.
Oliphant moved to the now defunct Washington Star for six years, until the paper folded in 1981.
James Andrew McCann, II is an American writer of comic books, theater and television programs.
Matt was the artist behind FOX's "moving comic" GOTHAM Stories, as well as being published online to promote the new season of Gotham.
Tony Dagos, whose early work was signed "D'Agostino".
He subsequently worked on several superhero comics, such as DC Comics' Green Lantern and Aquaman, and Marvel Comics' Jack of Hearts, and The Avengers.
He is the writer and illustrator of the baseball manga, Daiya no Ace which won the 2008 Shogakukan Manga Award in the shōnen category.
He also contributed to the development of the world of Planet Hulk and the histories/biographical information of several members of Big Hero 6.
Nelson has written two series tapping world famous classic pulp authors: his adaptation of Robert E. Howard's "Hawks of Outremer" and a modern spin on H.P.
The Society of Professional Journalists/Sigma Delta Chi honored him twice with its Distinguished Service Award for Editorial Cartooning.
It comes from the Byzantine Greek pronunciation of the vocative of the Greek Elias.
He is best known for his many scripts for Captain Marvel Adventures and other stories involving the entire superhero Marvel Family.
She left Canada for San Francisco in 1992.
He made two famous comics, Los Supermachos and Los agachados, which were a humorous criticism of the Mexican government.
As part of Clamp's 15th Anniversary, each of the four members changed their names reportedly because they wanted to try out the new monikers.
He has also written for the series Wolverine, Nth Man: The Ultimate Ninja, and Elektra.
He has also illustrated Green Hornet for NOW Comics and Cisco Kid, The Phantom, and RPG werewolf and vampire stories for Moonstone Books.
His contemporary, Kazuhito Kurosaki, also won second place in the same contest.
Moore died in El Paso on July 20, 2015 from throat cancer at the age of 86.
After he graduated from high school in 1897, he worked in the newspaper industry as an illustrator and engraver.
His "outrageous" 1970s and 1980s underground work used searing humor to expose America's racism and bigotry.
Alongside Len Wein, he created Christopher Chance, the second iteration of Human Target.
Trevor Metcalfe born May 1939 in Brotton, Yorkshire is a British illustrator and comic book artist.
Known for his manic, exaggerated cartooning style, Williams brought an underground comix edge to his work during this period.
He began working in comics in 1941 when he joined Dell Comics as a staff artist.
He also painted 21 covers for Science Fantasy, 19 for Science Fiction Adventures and a few for Digit Books between 1957 and 1962.
The World had a huge success with the full-color Sunday feature, Down in Hogan's Alley, better known as the Yellow Kid, starting in 1895.
Pierre Seron was a Belgian comic book artist.
Georges Pichard was a French comics artist, known for numerous magazine covers, serial publications and albums, stereotypically featuring partially exposed voluptuous women.
Mia Ikumi is a Japanese manga artist best known for being the illustrator of Tokyo Mew Mew, a manga series she created with Reiko Yoshida.
Fox began making comics at 12 years old, publishing his first strip at age 14 and continuing to illustrate and create editorial cartoons in college.
He was a staff member of DC's production department from 1946 to 1981, rising steadily up the ranks to production manager and vice president of production.
She also publishes cartoons in Scientific American and the Harvard Business Review.
Fred Perry is well known as author and artist of manga style comics.
Starting in the spring of 2008, he became part of the faculty of the Center for Cartoon Studies; he is now an adjunct professor there.
Knife and Packer are Duncan McCoshan and Jem Packer, best known as illustrators/writers of children's books and cartoonists.
Temari Matsumoto born April 8, is a Japanese manga artist and illustrator from Nagano Prefecture.
Baker has won numerous Eisner Awards and Harvey Awards for his work in the comics field.
Kenealy's early works, Influenza in Wellington and Love Ain't Easy, were predominantly autobiographical comics.
Toles wrote for The Buffalo Courier-Express, The Buffalo News and The Washington Post.
He was given an award for "Best Komiks Illustrator" for his illustrations on the cover of Lovelife Komiks.
It has also spawned several sequel works in 2007–13 including Sotsugyōsei.
Jean-Pierre Gibrat is a French comic artist and scriptwriter.
The award, "Protection of Journalists and Press Freedom 2013", had never been given to a cartoonist before.
Kida also assisted artist Dan Barry on the long-running strip Flash Gordon from 1958 to 1961 and then again from 1968 to 1971.
Rose Cecil O'Neill was an American cartoonist, illustrator, artist, and writer.
winning him a "thanks" credit in the 1994 motion picture Major League II.
Her major works include Hi Izuru Tokoro no Tenshi and Terpsichora, both of which have won manga awards.
Gwendolyn Willow Wilson, known professionally as G. Willow Wilson, is an American comics writer, prose author, essayist, and journalist.
She was the creator of and inspiration for Beverly Switzler, the companion of Howard the Duck.
During the early part of her career, she wrote and illustrated under the pen name Mikan Momokuri.
His works are known for their fast-paced action without narration overpowering or convoluting the story.
He has worked with writers Brian Pulido, Geoff Johns, Ben Raab, Bill Willingham, and Steve Niles.
He has been the chief writer for Archie Comics's Sonic the Hedgehog since issue #160.
He is best known for inking Ed McGuinness, penciler on the Deadpool series.
He then retired from comics, with the exception of a strip in a theatre magazine in 1997-2000, and concentrated on painting and magazine illustration.
Bruce Walter Timm is an American artist, character designer, animator, writer, producer, and actor.
His best known works are the comic books Milk and Cheese and Dork.
This lasting influence is probably visible at its best, about twenty years later, in the visual look developed for the Homeworld videogame.
In 2012, Nakamura released a mystery manga called Utsubora - A Story of a Novelist, which was translated and published into English by Vertical.
In 1979, she won first place in the Shogakukan Shinjin Comic Award contest.
He also created Pig Goat Banana Cricket, a TV show made jointly with Dave Cooper that Nickelodeon picked up.
Wagner was a rotating co-host on the webcast and public access show The Atheist Experience from 2000-2016.
The strip premiered on 16 March 1950.
There he helped Eisner write and illustrate his comic strips, including The Spirit.
Keiko Tobe was a Japanese manga artist who wrote primarily josei manga.
Their artwork has been characterized as "wispy", "fluid" and "dramatic" which has resonated with both male and female demographic readers of manga.
writing and drawing it for several years.
Macaco, the name of both the title character and the magazine that featured it, was started in 1928.
Emily Stone is an American comic book illustrator most known for artwork on Devil’s Due Publishing's HACK/Slash series.
Thiago Furukawa Lucas, who goes by his pen name Yuu Kamiya, is a Japanese-Brazilian novelist and illustrator.
Ronald Sydney Embleton was a British comics artist and illustrator whose work was much admired by fans and editors alike.
Along with co-publisher Gary Groth, Thompson used his position to further the cause of alternative comics in the American market.
She currently illustrates educational texts and children's books from her studio in Kennebunk, Maine, and showcases her fine art in local art shows.
In fact, the Ramis-Cera duet aptly complemented works of distinguished authors such as Ibáñez, Escobar, Jan or Raf.
His other publications include The Savage Sword of Conan, Nick Fury: Agent of Shield, Secret Defenders, Marvel Comics Presents featuring Hawkeye, and other associated reprinted publications.
He received a NEA grant in 1977.
In 1984, Steven Hendrickson,( https://www.facebook.com/steven.hendrickson1?fref=ts)entertainment editor for the Antelope Valley Press, Palmdale, California, approached Rubin about writing a daily comic for the paper.
Following MCAD, Maurer moved to New York City, where he worked as an illustrator for AT&T and IBM.
Like many of MAD's contributors, Clarke occasionally appeared in the humorous photos that appeared in the magazine.
Park Sung-Woo is a South Korean manhwa artist.
In 1946, Prohías was given the Juan Gualberto Gómez award, recognizing him as the foremost cartoonist in Cuba.
Gary Friedrich is an American comic book writer best known for his Silver Age stories for Marvel Comics' Sgt.
The Liberty Cat was published in Japan by Kodansha in Morning magazine.
He also done various illustrations for the novel series, Lie Sha Tian Chou Xiao Shuo.
He graduated from Grants Pass High School in 1989.
A Perfect Day for Love Letters was adapted as a live-action movie and has been licensed in English by Del Rey Manga.
Harry Lampert was an American cartoonist and bridge teacher and writer.
Kiyohiko Azuma is a Japanese manga artist.
Chiefly noted as an artist, he is considered an early master of the Ligne claire style.
He moved on to his Artisanal Pencil Sharpening service and publishing a related book.
Best known as the first writer of the comic book series Hellblazer, featuring John Constantine.
Erik J. Larsen is an American comic book writer, artist and publisher.
He went freelance full-time in 1931, writing for numerous newspapers and magazines.
McCaig also runs a forum for comic book colorists and artists called Gutterzombie.com.
He has additionally drawn, and co-created with Todd DeZago, The Perhapanauts for Dark Horse and Image Comics.
Linus Maurer was the inspiration for the name of Charles M. Schulz's famous character, Linus van Pelt, in the Peanuts comic strip.
Alfred R. Kilgore, who signed his work Al Kilgore, was an American artist who worked as a cartoonist and filmmaker.
Ware often refers to himself in the publicity for his work in self-effacing, even withering tones.
Hayes began self-publishing I, Lusiphur under the Mulehide Graphics imprint in 1991.
In addition to his birth name, Hanks worked under a number of pen names, including "Hank Christy," "Charles Netcher," "C. C. Starr," and "Barclay Flagg."
Also in 2012, Brunetti contributed to The Guardian's "Cartoonists on the world we live in" series.
For contractual reasons, she was credited only on Season Two; however, the first issue stated that she had been involved with the series from the beginning.
He had a creator-owned series, Kin, which he wrote himself, published by Top Cow in 2000.
Several animations were in production at the time of his death along with the final chapters of Phoenix, which were never released.
His signature character was Marvel Comics' the Zombie, for which Marcos drew all but one story in the black-and-white horror-comics magazine Tales of the Zombie.
Sherman's daughter has described him as "a writer at heart but worked for Disney as a day job."
Paul Murry was an American cartoonist and comics artist.
Kyle Higgins is an American comic book writer and film director.
In 1995 he won the Eisner Award for "Best Serialized Story" for his 12-chapter work The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck.
Starting in the late '80s, Doyle became less prolific, but continued to write Archie stories every month until his death.
He was also appeared The Genius: Black Garnet in 2014.
In 2006, he won the Doug Wright Award for Best Book for Paul Moves Out.
Fago headed the Timely animator bullpen, which was largely separate from the superhero group that produced comics featuring the Human Torch, the Sub-Mariner and Captain America.
He sometimes inked under the pseudonym Jay Noel.
On 19 March 2010, Hicklenton chose to end his life at Dignitas in Switzerland.
Fujiwara's manga Inu x Boku SS was adapted into an anime series by David Production which aired in Japan between January and March 2012.
Terry LaBan is an alternative/underground cartoonist and newspaper comic strip artist.
The strip featured Foster's dextrous, detailed artwork; Foster eschewed word balloons, preferring to have narration and dialogue in captions.
He also teaches comics at the School of Visual Arts and Yale University.
In addition to Idiotland, Leib and Allen collaborated on a number of stories in the fund-raising anthology comic Legal Action Comics volume 1, published in 2001.
Born in Humboldt, Minnesota he grew up in Detroit, Michigan before moving to New York City as a teenager.
Sanami Matoh is a Japanese manga artist.
Lily Renée Wilheim Peters Phillips,, often credited as L. Renée, Lily Renée, or Reney, is an Austrian-American artist, writer, and playwright.
Scott James Peterson is an editor at WildStorm Productions, an imprint of DC Comics, and a writer of comic books and children's books.
His usual writer for all three series is Bob de Groot, and the duo "Turk & De Groot" has been very successful.
In 2009 Piskor collaborated with Pekar on the graphic book The Beats: A Graphic History.
Seth draws in a style influenced by the classic cartoonists of The New Yorker.
In between Archie assignments, Bolling wrote and drew the first two issues of Marvel Comics' Wally the Wizard.
She is the daughter of underground comix artists Robert Crumb and Aline Kominsky-Crumb.
See was born in Jae Chun, South Korea.
The strip retained Fisher's signature until his death, however, and not until December 7, 1954 was the strip signed by Smith.
Most of these papers were banned by Saeed Mortazavi.
Jeffrey Paul "Jeph" Jacques is an American cartoonist who writes and draws the webcomics Questionable Content, Alice Grove, and DORD.
Zoran Tucić is a Serbian comic-book and graphic novel creator, architect, scriptwriter and illustrator.
Makoto Tateno, who also uses the pen name Shinjuku Tango, is a Japanese manga artist who made her debut in 1986.
Irving Walter Phillips was a noted American cartoonist, playwright, television scriptwriter, author, illustrator and educator.
He retired in 1990, and left his comic to the publishing house Egmont.
A particular interviewer commented that Urotsukidōji "firmly placed him in the history books—in Japan and abroad—as the pioneer of the genre known as hentai, or perverted".
In the mid-1990s, Lampert became active in the comic book convention circuit, selling new sketches and autographs and speaking about his famous comic book creation.
Brian Thies is an American comic book creator, best known for his work on Star Wars: Legacy, "Secret Avengers" The Amazing Spider-Man, and Winter Soldier.
His best-known work, Two-Fisted Science: Stories About Scientists, features biographical stories about Galileo Galilei, Isaac Newton, Niels Bohr, and several stories about physicist Richard Feynman.
Yagami himself is a karate aficionado, and is a member of the Kendokai Karate-do.
Two albums were published by Oberon in the 1980s, and are again available from Arboris publishers.
Brandstein often employs the use of his Hebrew name Moshe in honor of his Jewish heritage.
Neil Googe is a British comics artist.
Melissa Lasko-Gross is an American comics creator, known for her semi-autobiographical graphic novels Escape from "Special" and A Mess of Everything.
He has illustrated some of Dave Barry's books, and was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize in 1997.
Sarah Glidden is an American cartoonist known for her nonfiction comics and graphic novels.
He became known as "the artist's artist" and his much-imitated style can be seen on the many strips he illustrated.
He also illustrated the Second Ladybird Book Of Nursery Rhymes which was first published in 1966.
Jean-Philippe Stassen is a Belgian comics creator best known for Deogratias, A Tale of Rwanda.
Donald Southam Lawrence was a British comic book artist and author.
Martin Nodell was an American cartoonist and commercial artist, best known as the creator of the Golden Age superhero Green Lantern.
John Lucas is an American comic book inker and penciller, whose style has been compared with that of Russ Heath and Jack Kirby.
En 1949, Villanueva del Arzobispo named him an Adoptive Son and named a street after him.
Mike S. Miller is a comic book illustrator and writer who currently resides in San Diego, California.
Steve Stiles is an American cartoonist and writer, coming out of the science fiction fanzine tradition.
Morris Nolton "Morrie" Turner was an American cartoonist, creator of the strip Wee Pals, the first American syndicated strip with an integrated cast of characters.
Martin Emond, also known under the pseudonyms "Martin Fuckin Emond", "Martyfuck", "Martywood", "Mickey Martin" and "MFE", was a New Zealand cartoon illustrator and painter.
Takehiko Inoue is a Japanese manga artist.
Rudolph Dirks was one of the earliest and most noted comic strip artists, well known for The Katzenjammer Kids.
He is responsible for the character design and illustration for the Highschool of the Dead manga.
She has written a number of comic books for Marvel Comics since 2007, in collaboration with her husband Stuart.
Dan Green is an American comic book illustrator, working as an inker primarily from the early 1970s to the present.
Kevin "Stickman" Tinsley is an American comics creator and publisher.
He has received multiple Eagle and Eisner Awards and nominations for his work.
Michael "Mike" McKone is a British comic book artist.
He has written stories for Marvel Comics, DC Comics, WildStorm, Moonstone Books, Malibu Comics, Harris Publications and Ludovico Technique LLC.
He is an author, poet, and lecturer who currently specializes in Digital Storytelling and Information Architecture.
Allen Bert Christman, known professionally as Bert Christman, was an American cartoonist.
Leigh also enjoys a busy schedule giving thought-provoking and entertaining cartoon presentations at conferences, as well as professional organizations all around the country.
He began his career with the publication of Tales from the Heart, first published by Entropy Enterprises before moving, with issue #3, to Slave Labor Graphics.
Ryan Winn is an American comic book artist and inker residing in Orange County, CA.
Tjaša Iris is a Slovenian-born artist, known for her large paintings painted with bright colors, vivid atmospheres of gardens with lush vegetation and bright light.
Meimu's talents have been featured in various genres of storytelling, from science fiction to horror.
He also contributed to Poison Elves: Lusiphur and Linlith, also for Sirius Entertainment.
Kristiansen was also featured in DC's 8th issue of Solo.
Atsushi Ōkubo was not a model student and was more attracted to drawing than to learning.
Nagahama also directed several hit anime series that are still well known among Japanese viewers.
Gene is also the older brother of Muppet performer, writer and director, Bill Barretta.
Dan Vado is an American comic book publisher and writer, and a fixture of the independent comics community.
He started drawing while growing up in Tomah, where he graduated from Tomah High School in 1901.
As such, gathering all the fables and novels with history books could even possibly exceed the credibility of history books.
Saša Rakezić is a Serbian cartoonist, author of such works as Life Under Sanctions, Psychonaut, Dream Watcher, and Bulletins from Serbia.
Alvarado's animation career spanned almost 60 years.
Dan Raspler is an editor and writer of comic books for DC Comics.
"Gorf", is an American comic book creator, newspaper cartoonist, animation and multi-media entertainment producer.
From 1999 to 2002, he released the four-panel manga series Azumanga Daioh, about a group of high school girls, which was adapted into an anime series.
For example, he has served as President of the New Chaucer Society and is currently Vice-President of the Pacific Ancient and Modern Language Association.
In 1999, Lodewijk published the world's smallest comic book; Minimum Bug.
Joseph P. Gill was an American magazine writer and highly prolific comic book scripter.
He is the creator of the Eisner Award-nominated comic Scratch9.
An Andru-Esposito drawing of Wonder Woman appears on a 2006 U.S. stamp.
Yalcin Didman is a Turkish comic book creator.
Mario Gully – also known professionally as O.M.G.
Matt Timson is a British comic book artist who resides in Leicester.
Claremont scripted many classic stories, including "The Dark Phoenix Saga" and "Days of Future Past", on which he collaborated with John Byrne.
He joined Le Lombard in 1992 but died a few months later.
Usually this includes snobs and people with radical political beliefs.
Robert Rodi is an American novelist, playwright, comic book writer, essayist, and performance artist.
However, she is known for her Whisper of the Heart manga, which was made into an anime film by Studio Ghibli.
Paul Pelletier is an American comic book penciller.
In 2015, he wrote the crossover event Secret Wars.
Félix Mas is a Spanish comic book artist and fine artist.
I'm not suggesting any connection, but he may have been our most brilliant".
Justin Considine Green is an American cartoonist who is known as the "father of autobiographical comics."
His popular comic strip Kudzu, distributed by Universal Press Syndicate from 1981 to 2007, was adapted into a musical comedy.
George Kashdan was an American comic book writer and editor, primarily for DC Comics, who co-created such characters as Tommy Tomorrow, Mysto, Magician Detective, and others.
From the late 1960s until his death in 1981, Oleck worked for DC Comics as a writer for their extensive line of horror/suspense titles.
As a professional editor, Estrada has edited hundreds of books, the majority of them college texts.
And for illustrating the covers of Rogue, Green Lantern Corps and Blackest Night.
His brother, Ray Lai, often inks his work.
She was an early and influential participant in the underground comix movement, and one of the few female artists in the fledgling underground comix movement.
After Shitataka, Shinzawa took a break from publishing manga until 2001, when his current series, Flash!
He is known for working with writer Alan Moore and inker John Totleben on the DC comic book Swamp Thing in the 1980s.
He penciled and inked the 1996 Doom comic book, and also worked on Solar for Valiant Comics in 1995 with writer Dan Jurgens.
Parker's tenure on Captain Marvel comics was cut short when he was conscripted into World War II.
Holman signed some strips with the pseudonym Scat H. He once described himself as "always inclined to humor and acting silly."
Books he has authored include a children's book titled Count Milkula: A Tale of Milk and Monsters!
Darko Macan is a Croatian author and illustrator who has created and collaborated on comics, essays and science fiction and fantasy.
For these works, Baruti "replaced his semi-humorous clear line style with a more realistic one".
The majority of his work depicted female dominance scenarios.
It received positive reviews in several publications, such as USA Today and Salon.com.
He is also an animation storyboard artist, games designer, and portrait artist.
Howard Cruse is an American alternative cartoonist known for the exploration of gay themes in his comics.
Having established an early chain of comic shops in Baltimore in the mid-late 1970s, he is best known for his distributing business.
After co-writing a 5-issue arc of DC Comics's JLA with Geoff Johns, Heinberg and artist Terry Dodson relaunched Wonder Woman following the "Infinite Crisis" mini-series.
Anna Brandoli is an Italian female comic book artist.
Ed Hannigan is an American comics artist, writer, and editor for both Marvel Comics and DC Comics.
René Hausman was a Belgian comic-book writer and artist, best known for his dark fairytales and watercolour drawings.
From 1928 on, he was a collector and maker of pipes, mainly Scottish ones.
For other people of the same name see Thomas Forman
She debuted with Takkyu Shōjo in 1999.
Berryman's cartoons can be found at the Library of Congress, the National Archives, and George Washington University, as well as archives that house presidential collections.
Moldoff is the sole creator of the Black Pirate.
He was involved in the founding of the long-running comic 2000 AD in 1977.
Gabrielle Bell is a British-American alternative cartoonist known for her surrealist, melancholy semi-autobiographical stories.
Mitchell was part of the late-1960s/early-1970s Milwaukee underground comix scene and a co-founder of the Krupp Comics/Kitchen Sink group.
/blankpage now has a permanent home in the Suffolk Record Office, Ipswich.
D'Agostino is not the French comics artist Tony D'Agostino, a.k.a.
He died of esophageal cancer on May 21, 2011.
His most recent illustration project was the covers for the graphic novel adaptation of Harlan Ellison's "PHOENIX WITHOUT ASHES" for IDW.
Stéphane Charbonnier, known as Charb, was a French satirical caricaturist and journalist.
He was drawn to the landscapes of Monument Valley and the Enchanted Mesa, and made Coconino County the location of his Krazy Kat strips.
Ernest Huntley Hart, also known as H.E.
His most popular work is Excel Saga, a manga which he describes as a work dealing with the everyday aspects of living in Japan.
For the fictional character named Tex Blaisdell, see Bob and Ray.
Jason M. Burns is an American comic book writer and assistant publisher at Viper Comics.
Recently, he was the writer for Jughead published by Archie Comics.
Three volumes placed in the top fifty of Japan's bestselling manga of 2008 and the series is one of Weekly Shōnen Jump's bestselling manga series.
After being expelled from his first art class at the age of 15, he moved with his parents to England, then to Canada.
Friedel Stern was a German- born Israeli cartoonist and illustrator.
Richard "Rick" Renick Hoberg is an award-winning American comics artist and animator.
He is one of the original members of Atlanta's Gaijin Studios.
His last story, "Cry Me a River," appeared in Betty and Veronica #104 after his death, with art by DeCarlo.
He is the brother of fellow-comics-creator Bo Hampton.
Sam Viviano is an American caricature artist and art director.
In 2013, 24 years after Kings in Disguise, W. W. Norton released its sequel, On the Ropes, also done by the team of Vance and Burr.
Syd Hoff was a Jewish-American cartoonist and children's book author, best known for his classic early reader Danny and the Dinosaur.
After leaving school he joined the comics department of Amalgamated Press under Reg Eves, initially working on Schooldays.
A collection of the strip was published in 1993 through the publisher Andrews McMeel Publishing.
Comics, Mojo Press, Marvel Comics, Dark Horse Comics, Moonstone and Image Comics.
Roth drew the first dozen issues of Lorna.
Justiniano is an American comic book artist.
Nathan Massengill is an American comic book artist, most known for his work as a brush inker.
His most notable work in different media has used the DC Comics characters Green Lantern, Aquaman, Flash, and Superman.
In 2007, her Four Steps to Romance was dramatized on CTV in Taiwan as Romantic Princess.
in Civil from Gilan University in Rasht in 2000.
Enki Bilal is a French comic book creator, comics artist and film director.
He committed suicide in 1995 shortly before his 30th birthday.
He has also produced several of Marvel's Direct to DVD animated films and co-produced Thor.
Brant Julian Parker was an American cartoonist.
According to fan rumors, he is a psychiatrist, possibly a university professor.
He went on to found Educational Comics, producing the series Picture Stories from the Bible.
Born in England, but raised in Hong Kong, Soo is currently residing in Canada and was formally trained as an engineer.
Zhang generally works in digital painting using a pen with a graphics tablet and image editing software.
Over his career he has worked on many titles including Action Comics, Final Night, Marvel Comics Presents, Nightwing and Y: The Last Man.
Marcus Desha Swayze, known as Marc Swayze, was an American comic book artist from 1941 to 1953 for Fawcett Comics of New York City.
Knisley holds an MFA from the Center for Cartoon Studies.
Irwin Hasen was an American cartoonist, best known as the creator of the Dondi comic strip.
Over his long career, Norem also illustrated covers for novels and gaming books, as well as movie posters, baseball programs, and trading cards.
In 2005 after undertaking the Landmark Education 'Curriculum for Living' Wildman created the charity project Draw the World Together.
Prior to his involvement in TV, he was best known as the creator of the satirical superhero character The Tick.
His most notable work has been Hell Teacher Nūbē which has adapted into an anime series.
Alcante, pen name of Didier Swysen is a Belgian comics writer, best known for his series Pandora Box.
Published by Blank Slate Books, it was The Observer newspaper's Graphic Novel of The Month, November 2011.
Mary Skrenes is a comic book writer and screenwriter.
His best known as the creator of the cartoon character Globi for
Jarla is relatively famous person in Finland and often interviewed by the Finnish media.
Hugleikur is known for all kinds of visual and video art.
Dan Jurgens is an American comic book writer and artist.
He was the creator of the series Hultrasson and Les Frères Clips in Spirou magazine.
Yumi Tsukirino is a female Japanese comics creator born in Saitama Prefecture.
The publishing company he co-founded, Carnal Comics, is best known for launching the movie and cartoon character Demi the Demoness.
He drew the newspaper strip Garth for the Daily Mirror.
He does mainly Disney comics starring Mickey Mouse.
Ryan Sook is an American comic book artist, known for his work on books such as Seven Soldiers: Zatanna, X-Factor and The Spectre.
His artwork, which often applied human characteristics to the robotic protagonists, was divisive amongst some fans but generally lauded for capturing the emotion of Furman's scripts.
In the late '60s, Lucey's health began to deteriorate.
He did a great deal of logo and lettering work for the company in the 1940s.
Unsatisfied with simply assigning jobs, he was eventually aroused him to create his first independent work, Unhuman, and entered it into a few competitions.
He was active in the Society of Friends.
In 1979 Feiffer created his first graphic novel, Tantrum.
She made her debut in 1981 with Crazy Love Hisshouhou, published in Shōjo Comic.
At Crestwood Publications he and Simon created the genre of romance comics and later founded their own short-lived comic company, Mainline Publications.
Educated at the Institut des Arts Appliqués, upon graduation he worked as an illustrator for books and magazines as well as in advertising.
Andrew Foley lives in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada with his wife, graphic designer Tiina Andreakos.
Gordon C. Bess was an American cartoonist, best known for the comic strip Redeye.
She is the director of the team and is primarily responsible for writing the stories and scripts for Clamp's various works.
Waki Yamato is a Japanese manga artist.
His pencils are usually inked by his wife Rachel Dodson, who is a comic book inker and colorist.
Stephen Ross "Steve" Gerber was an American comic book writer best known as co-creator of the satiric Marvel Comics character Howard the Duck.
Hiroaki Samura is a Japanese writer/illustrator and creator of Blade of the Immortal, as well as several other short works.
He began his academic career at the University of California, Riverside in 1974, moving from a lecturer to an Assistant Professor.
George Edward Papp was an American comic book artist.
Her "Suzy's Zoo" line of greeting cards, stickers, stationery, calendars, and similar products is sold in thousands of stores all over the world.
Idiotland, which ran for seven issues in 1993–1994, was nominated for a 1994 Harvey Award for Best New Series.
Scaduto continued to work with Dunn after Hatlo's death in 1963.
His best known fictional character is RanXerox.
She is currently Vice President of Talent Development at DC Comics.
At the 1943 Argentine Film Critics Association Awards, Quinterno won the Special Prize for this film.
Snyder continues to produce comic book covers and illustrate limited series, single issues, and other pieces.
He was inducted into comics' Will Eisner Award Hall of Fame in 2000.
Akimi Yoshida is a Japanese manga artist.
In 1959, he produced the first book-length work of original comics, the adult-oriented, satirical Jungle Book.
His works are usually published by CultureCom Comics, a Hong Kong publishing house.
Tom Veitch is an American writer known for this work in the comic book industry.
Fennell wrote episodes of Fireball XL5 and Stingray and more than ten episodes of Thunderbirds including "30 Minutes After Noon".
David Quinn is a comic book writer.
Jeffrey Brown is a cartoonist born in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Minami Ozaki is a Japanese manga artist, cartoonist and illustrator of novels born on February 27, 1968 in Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.
Tony Gray is the owner of GlassMonkey Studios Inc. and co-owner of its subsidiary, Legacy Comics Publishing.
Specializing primarily in inking, he produced art for dozens of series for various publishers, including Marvel Comics, DC Comics, First Comics, Comico, and Eclipse Comics.
It also published "Sad Sack," the military comic strip.
Brett Booth is an American comic book artist.
Where he lives with his partner Moira.
He is best known for his 1991 to 1996 run as penciler on Fantastic Four, which represents his longest association with an individual comic book series.
After Colquhoun left in 1959, Birnage wrote the strip himself, using the pseudonym Frank Winsor, when not ghost-writing for the credited writer, Bobby Charlton.
He worked as a volunteer missionary for the LDS Church, then graduated from Brigham Young University.
Educated at the Pratt Institute, he worked primarily in the romance and superhero genres of comics, with forays into many other subjects.
Color is the main concern in her painting, exploring its emotional and expressive qualities.
Paul Gustavson was an American-immigrant comic-book writer and artist.
Sara Pichelli is an Italian comic book artist best known for first illustrating the Miles Morales version of Ultimate Spider-Man.
Smith has illustrated cards for the Magic: The Gathering collectible card game.
Thierry "Ted" Benoit was a French comics artist, graphic novelist and prominent figure in the stylish Franco-Belgian ligne claire comics scene in the 1980s.
Dirks was born in Heide, Germany to Johannes and Margaretha Dirks.
He also played the saxophone and led his own orchestras.
Yun Mi-kyung is a South Korean manhwa artist best known for her work Bride of the Water God.
Her books have received Eisner, Harvey, and International Horror Guild Awards.
The series was transmitted on ITV in Autumn 2011.
In the mid-40s the family moved to Hollywood as Ransom built a career in motion pictures and television.
Jen Vaughn is an American comic book creator, best known for her work on Adventure Time: 2013 Spoooktacular, "Adventure Time Sugary Shorts and Cartozia Tales.
Jerry Frissen is an American comic book writer and a toy designer from Los Angeles, California.
It was nominated for the Harvey Award.
Merino's work on DC included art for many issues of Justice Society of America, vol.
Jean-Claude Forest was a writer and illustrator of comics and the creator of character Barbarella.
Both series were penciled by Miguel Munera.
In 1984, while still a student at New York City’s School of Visual Arts, he produced work for Harvey Kurtzman's short-lived young readers anthology Nuts!
Luckyman in all aspects, and also that the storyboards drawn by Ohba greatly resemble Tottemo!
David Heatley is an American cartoonist, illustrator, graphic designer, and musician.
Steve Rude is an American comics artist.
He received the National Cartoonist Society Editorial Cartoon Award for 2003 and the Herblock Prize for 2011.
She illustrates yaoi light novels and manga.
Kang Full is the pen name of Kang Do-young, a South Korean webtoon artist.
She started working for Fiction House in 1943; while there, she became friends with fellow female cartoonist Lily Renée.
For television, Phillips wrote or co-wrote more than 250 scripts, including a first-season episode of The Ruggles, one of the earliest family sitcoms on American television.
Mike Vosburg is an American comic book artist primarily known for his work on the Tales from the Crypt TV series.
Sexual themes abounded in all these projects, often shading into scatological and pornographic comics.
As of 2013, he writes and draws Nancy and Today's Dogg.
Two of her comics have been adapted into television dramas: Full House and Mary Stayed Out All Night.
Atlas editor Stan Lee has described being impressed with Roth's portfolio, particularly his drawings of women, "So I took his samples to show [then-publisher] Martin Goodman.
He is a tribally enrolled member of the Muscogee_(Creek)_Nation.
Boo Cook is a British comic artist, whose work mainly features in the comic 2000 AD.
Shortly after this, a producing deal fell through.
He began his career as an editorial illustrator while still in college.
Luke Ross is a comic artist known for his work on books such as Gen13, Spider-Man, Green Lantern, Indiana Jones and Captain America.
Alberto Saichann is a comic book artist and penciller born in Argentina.
He also has a younger brother, Justin.
Cary Bates is an American comic book, animation television and film writer.
He drew 115 issues from 1968 until his death in 1980.
She made her professional debut as an illustrator for Cobalt Bunko, a shōjo novel imprint from Shueisha.
Milton "Bill" Finger was an American comic strip and comic book writer.
Paul Kirchner is an American writer and illustrator who has worked in diverse areas, from comic strips and toy design to advertising and editorial art.
William Erwin "Will" Eisner was an American cartoonist, writer, and entrepreneur.
Greg Staples is an English comic book artist.
"I realized when I started Sin City that I found American and English comics be too wordy, too constipated, and Japanese comics to be too empty.
Mort Gerberg is a multi-genre American cartoonist and author whose work has appeared in magazines, newspapers, books, online, home video, film and television.
Igor Kordej is a Croatian comic book artist.
In 2015, his newer light novel and manga series Clockwork Planet was greenlit for an anime adaptation.
In the US he also published under his pseudonym H.M. Baker.
She has been described as "the most beloved shōjo manga artist of all time."
Miel's work has been syndicated by the United Feature Syndicate/WittyWorld beginning in 1986, and lately by The New York Times Syndicate/Cartoonists and Writers Syndicate.
Yanick Paquette is Shuster Award-nominated and New-York best sellers Canadian penciller in North American comics.
Rod Espinosa is a Filipino comics creator, writer, and illustrator.
Although never formally credited as such, he served de facto as the first art editor of The New Yorker.
He moved on to Chicago as a sports cartoonist on the Chicago American where he also drew the strip The Tener Alley Gang.
Housui Yamazaki is a Japanese manga artist.
Lawrence Miles is a science fiction author known for his work on original Doctor Who novels and the subsequent spin-off Faction Paradox.
He is the creator of Cudley the Cowlick, Sgt.
In addition to being an "industry pioneer", her body of work "shows a maturity, depth and personal vision found only in the finest of creative artists".
Under the pseudonym Dick Hamilton, he also created the superhero team the Target and the Targeteers for Novelty Press.
Janice Chiang is an Asian American comic-book letterer with over thirty years’ experience in the industry.
Simek's work included such landmarks as The Fantastic Four #1 and Spider-Man's debut in Amazing Fantasy #15.
In the animation field, White worked for Spümcø, Walt Disney Feature Animation, and DiC Entertainment.
In 1961, Moore moved his family back to El Paso.
Her hallmark is "prolonged erotic psychodramas" which has earned her a "cult following" through Margaret.
He has received much acclaim for his work.
Heinberg's Young Avengers was a sales success for Marvel Comics.
He developed the character of Wolverine into a fan favorite.
His books have become popular mainly because of their humour, which attempts to reach the general reader, as well as for their simplicity and intellectual acuteness.
She is the daughter of comics writer Alan Moore and the wife of writer John Reppion.
Originally from Kanagawa, she now resides in Tokyo.
Sanford ran Carnal Comics from 1994 through 2000, before handing over the publishing reins to SS Crompton.
Vicar, a pseudonym for Victor Arriagada Rios,  was a Chilean cartoonist.
He plays also the sousaphone, and participates in several musical bands.
FSc did cover art for Portland, Oregon's Indie/Folk/Punk band Insomniac Folklore on their 2010 Release "LP".
Greg and Tim Hildebrandt, known as the Brothers Hildebrandt, are American twin brothers who worked collaboratively as fantasy and science fiction artists for many years.
François Corteggiani is a French comics artist and writer.
From October 2012 to September 2015 he was editor-in-chief of Dark Horse Comics.
In 1992 he drew his own British small press comics Shooba heavily influenced by underground cartoonist Robert Crumb.
Olesen enjoyed a quiet life with his wife Rigmor, far away from the stressing deadlines he constantly had to face as a cartoonist.
He is best known for creating Earthworm Jim, a character that spawned a video game series, cartoon show, and a toy line.
For example, he refused to publish commercial ads in a book aimed at children.
He was one of Mad's founding cartoonists in 1952.
Makoto Isshiki is a Japanese manga artist.
This feature was highly successful, and was followed by several animated cartoons, as well as a comic book.
Frazer is also an advocate of the open source software movement.
Among his other solo creations, are The Sumo Family and The Liberty Cat.
She was awarded the 3rd Manga Taishō and the Short Story Award in the 2010 Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prizes.
He worked as illustrator at Frank Leslie's Weekly from 1877 to 1880.
Valiant featured covers on historical topics, and Western drew over 500 of these.
Kaneyoshi Izumi is a Japanese shōjo manga artist.
Ronald Wade "Ron" Frenz is an American comics artist known for his work for Marvel Comics.
Between 1988 and 2003, he worked on The Phantom in Sweden.
It also won Webotaku's prize for Manga of the Year 2006.
Nick Bertozzi is an American comic book writer and artist, as well as a commercial illustrator and teacher of cartooning.
He always went by his middle name and signed The Phantom as Wilson McCoy, but his other artwork was signed R. Wilson McCoy.
In school he had been told, "Everything was already explored in painting, everything was already done.
His comic strip Mafalda is very popular in Latin America and many parts of Europe.
Like many Disney comic book artists Murry started his career working at the Walt Disney Studios.
In 2008, the Shuster Awards selected him as Outstanding Canadian Comic Book Artist of the year.
She has since published several other projects including Queen of the Black Black and The Squirrel Mother.
In addition, Rabagliati has published shorter stories featuring Paul including "Paul in the Metro."
Gary Baseman is an American contemporary artist who works in various creative fields, including illustration, fine art, toy design, and animation.
In 1971, DC Comics editor-in-chief Carmine Infantino and editor Joe Orlando traveled to the Philippines on a recruiting trip for artists.
Ben Abernathy is an editor at Madefire, a company that creates motion books.
Tak Toyoshima is an Asian American art director with the Weekly Dig and the author of the comic strip Secret Asian Man.
She was the artist and often the writer of comic strips Nina's Adventures and Fluff, but most of her recent work has been in animation.
Henk Kuijpers is a comics artist most famous for his Franka series.
Before he succeeded Lee Lorenz as cartoon editor, Mankoff was a cartoonist for The New Yorker for twenty years.
He was the editor-in-chief of The Webcomics Examiner, an online magazine of webcomics reviews and interviews.
She made her professional debut in 1983 with Sansaro Monogatari in LaLa, and has written primarily for the publisher Hakusensha.
Minimum Wage resumed all-new for issues in 2014.
Parkins' version of the latter strip was later cited by former Beano editor Euan Kerr as one of his personal favourites.
The Lee–Kirby titles garnered high sales and critical acclaim, but in 1970, feeling he had been treated unfairly, Kirby left the company for rival DC.
Joseph Quarles "Joe" Schenkman is an American publisher and underground cartoonist.
She graduated with a degree in economics from Hitotsubashi University.
Tom Tomorrow is the pen name of editorial cartoonist Dan Perkins.
His works include the OEL manga/webcomic Aoi House and the supernatural comedy series spinoffs Vampire Cheerleaders and Paranormal Mystery Squad.
Wildman and Baskerville followed writer Simon Furman to the American Transformers title soon afterwards, providing the art for issues #69-74 and #76-80.
More influential than popular, Krazy Kat had an appreciative audience among those in the arts.
Eduardo Barros is a Brazilian comic book artist, better known by his pen name of Eddy Barrows.
Juan José Ryp, is a Spanish comic book artist known, among other things, for his work on Black Summer with Warren Ellis.
He also aided in illustrating a number of Disney adaptations, most memorably Dumbo.
Ayano Yamane is a Japanese manga artist, known for specializing in yaoi manga.
Ronald Turner was a British illustrator and comic book artist.
He greatly dislikes Goth and indie culture and claims that he has "the musical taste of a 60-year old".
Norm Rapmund is an American comic book inker.
Vandersteen is best known for Suske en Wiske, which in 2008 sold 3.5 million books.
Randall Patrick Munroe is an American cartoonist, author, and the creator of the webcomic xkcd.
It was syndicated by Miller Services to other local Canadian newspapers, and it also appeared in several newspapers in the Midwestern United States.
Tsuyoshi Yasuda is a manga artist known for the manga Over Drive.
Jonathan Luna and Joshua Luna, professionally known as the Luna Brothers, are American comics artists.
She was the first woman and first Canadian to win the National Cartoonist Society's Reuben Award.
In recognition of her contributions to comics, Comics Alliance listed Simonson as one of twelve women cartoonists deserving of lifetime achievement recognition.
Gil Formosa produced painted covers for a variety of French science fiction, comic book and game American publishers.
Edward Nelson Bridwell was a writer for Mad magazine and various comic books published by DC Comics.
The two of them have become a popular, yet one of the most unlikely pairings on the comic book convention circuit.
While a sequel of sorts, it is not a continuation of the story found in Whisper.
An active artist since 1970, his works have been published in international publications.
He later became editor-in-chief of Marvel UK in the 1990s but is now best known for inking Bryan Hitch's work on The Ultimates for Marvel Comics.
Okazaki often focuses on urban Japanese life in Tokyo from the 1980s and 1990s.
Carl Critchlow is a British fantasy and science fiction comic illustrator.
Mar Amongo was a Filipino comics artist and illustrator.
Dražen Kovačević is a popular Serbian comic-book creator, known best for his comic Wheel created with Goran Skrobonja.
They produced illustrations for comic books, movie posters, children's books, posters, novels, calendars, advertisements, and trading cards.
Birnage left Tiger, and "Roy of the Rovers", in 1963, to edit comics annuals.
At the end of his life, he founded, with Antonio Got and K-Hito, the Sociedad Española de Dibujos Animados in 1932.
He wrote and drew an oversized Wonder Woman story, for DC Comics' Harvey Award-winning Wednesday Comics series.
William W. "Bill" White, Jr. was an American animator, and a comic book writer, penciller, and inker.
Her works usually include large age gaps between the seme and uke and characters with careers in the publishing industry.
Parent has also illustrated Felix the Cat, Barbie, Disney Adventures, and a wide variety of other titles.
Diego Jourdan Pereira is a Uruguayan comic book artist and illustrator, residing in Santiago de Chile, Chile, and specializing in licensed properties.
Paul Mounts is an artist who has worked as a colorist in the comics industry, on comics including Fantastic Four, Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man and Ultimates.
His first book, Guilty, was published in 2004 with a grant from the Xeric Foundation.
Geof Isherwood is a painter, sculptor and comic book illustrator.
Szep also won the prestigious international Thomas Nast Prize.
He is best known as an editor at Marvel Comics and Top Cow Productions and, at the latter, writing The Darkness and Witchblade.
They have been the source of a wide range of adaptations, in theatre, radio, television, cinema, and computer gaming.
Harvey Kurtzman later published two of his drawings in Help!
His works include military comics such as Panzergrenadier, Warrior in Flames -Jochen Peiper & Unternehmen Blau.
Mike Western was a British comics artist.
In addition, he has done the artwork for Subterranean Press's edition of Joe Hill's NOS4A2.
The book will be entitled "I Was a Teenage Michael Jackson Impersonator".
