Tachikawa Aircraft Company was dissolved after the war and the company took the name Fuji Precision Industries.
It became an independent, private business led by current CEO James Goodnight and three other project leaders from the university in 1976.
Personalized letter commercials were made for Barbaro in 2006 and Big Brown in 2008.
A&P Canada was a Canadian supermarket company from 1927 to 2009.
Today it operates independently and is the leading organisation for multinational employers and is also known as FedEE Global.
Since all major competitors are owned by multi-nationals, Moosehead is now the largest fully Canadian-owned brewer.
During the 1990s, there were also multiple locations in Greece.
All of these books included game statistics for characters in the series as well as extensive episode guides and character summaries.
The Dominion Automobile Association is a privately owned company that provides roadside assistance and other automotive services to customers in Canada.
The group, through acquisitions and new developments had over 30 casinos and 1,800 licensed betting offices.
As of July 31, 2016, Legg Mason's assets under management aggregated to $757 billion.
Albion Automotive of Scotstoun, Glasgow is a former Scottish automobile and commercial vehicle manufacturer.
Since the 1980s Pininfarina has also designed high-speed trains, buses, trams, rolling stocks, automated light rail cars, people movers, yachts, airplanes, and private jets.
In February 2010, On2 Technologies was acquired by Google for an estimated $124.6 million.
In July 1987, they purchased Rollei Fototechnic GmbH.
BBN is based next to Fresh Pond in Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA.
Their products range from Japanese-built custom shop instruments to lower end mass-production Korean, Indonesian and Chinese made instruments.
Since then, HIAA has undertaken an aggressive construction schedule to implement long-neglected improvements to the airport infrastructure.
Equal shares in the resulting company were then held by Finmeccanica, and GEC-Marconi), a division of The General Electric Company.
Between November 2001 and September 2013, Baby Einstein products were owned and operated by Disney.
The Society's courses are listed in the UK Learning and Skills Council's Learning Aim Database.
Tempur-Pedic won a 2009 Electronic Retailing Association award for direct marketing.
The company's stock trades publicly on the NYSE MKT stock exchange, with the symbol HKN.
Repco is an Australian automotive engineering/retailer company.
OSHA maintains a list of approved testing laboratories, which are known as Nationally Recognized Testing Laboratories.
Seoul Metro is a public corporation owned by Seoul Metropolitan Government, and one of the two major operators of Seoul Metropolitan Subway with Korail.
In 2007, the newspaper ranked National Oilwell Varco number 15.
The Cirrus Aircraft Corporation is an aircraft manufacturer that was founded in 1984 by Alan and Dale Klapmeier to produce the VK-30 kit aircraft.
According to the Finkelstein Review of Media and Media Regulation, in 2011 News Corp Australia accounted for 23% of the newspaper titles in Australia.
Founded in 1991 by filmmaker George Lucas and venture capitalist Steve Arnold, the Foundation "celebrates and encourages innovation" in K-12 schools.
Peugeot has been involved in motor sport for more than a century.
On June 20, 2016, Dell sold SonicWall to private equity firm Francisco Partners and Elliott Management.
Some stores also serve milkshakes and frozen cappuccinos.
Television Broadcasts Limited, commonly known as TVB, was founded as the first wireless commercial television station in Hong Kong.
They are circular in shape, salted lightly on one side, and have a small scalloped edge.
TrainTech Engineering, currently a part of Interfleet Technology, the technical unit.
Intertrust Technologies Corporation is a software technology company specializing in trusted distributed computing.
1 in the Fortune Global 500 as the world's most profitable corporation.
Work towards balancing human needs with the Earth's ability to sustain all life.
It is now "The Most Fun You'll Ever Make".
The company markets several lines of hard drives with a capacity of up to many terabytes of data, with a choice of interfaces.
Also in October, 2008, Quicksilver premiered an interactive poker game show called The Real Deal at the Venetian Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, NV.
At the time of its original construction, it was the largest film studio in the United Kingdom.
It is part of the Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group.
On March 19, 2007, it was acquired by Freeport-McMoRan and now operates under the name Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold Inc.
Arvest operates in 16 locally managed markets, each with its own president, management team and board of directors, in Arkansas, Oklahoma, Missouri and Kansas.
Corel Corporation is a Canadian software company headquartered in Ottawa, Ontario, specializing in graphics processing.
It is headquartered in Bethesda, Maryland, in the Washington, DC, area.
A series of acquisitions and expansions allowed Zellers to reach its peak in the 1990s, with 350 stores across the country in 1999.
Rap Snacks tries to separate itself from the competition by giving incentives to those that have purchased the chips.
It also runs several digital radio stations.
In 2016, American Marketing Association ranked Nielsen number 1 among top 50 Market Research Firms in the United States.
In 2007, CTT started to offer a mobile phone service in Portugal, under the brand name Phone-ix.
It is one of the world's largest automotive parts manufacturers and has approximately 161,000 employees.
It is the largest casino company worldwide.
The staff at some locations are known to sing and dance every half-hour.
Canada was host to CAD$33bn in state-owned enterprise investment over the period between 2005 and 2012.
General Baking lost money in 1961 and 1965, and control passed to a Canadian firm, Denison Mines, Ltd., before the 1963 annual meeting.
The Norwegian Police Security Service, Nynorsk: Politiets tryggingsteneste) is the police security agency of Norway, somewhat comparable to the British MI5.
Powell's buys around 3,000 used books a day.
The platform serves as the infrastructure for corporate groups, including IBM, McKinsey, Accenture and others.
Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment is the home video distribution division of The Walt Disney Company.
Regnum Online was officially released on May 24, 2007.
Legal Sea Foods is an American restaurant chain of upscale casual-dining seafood restaurants.
However, the majority of their films lost money.
Supré General Manager Elle Roseby is the former CEO of Australian retailer Sportsgirl.
Thomas Tunnock Limited, commonly known as Tunnock's, is a family baker based in Uddingston, Scotland.
In April 2015 it was purchased in bankruptcy court by C&A Marketing.
Buhler pledged $5 million to build a performing arts centre in 2005 at the Morden Collegiate high school in Morden, Manitoba.
DrMaster Publications Inc. was an American distributor of manga and manhua with offices in the United States, Republic of China and Japan.
Although sales rose dramatically due to the attention, the company was weak on fundamentals and lost money on most of its sales.
The company's flagship product is the text based game, GemStone IV, which went live in November 2003, with predecessor games running back to 1988.
The American Fur Company was founded in 1808, by John Jacob Astor, a German immigrant to the United States.
The Berliet marque was phased out by 1980.
The company is headquartered in Takamatsu, Kagawa.
In the late 19th century the company began producing revolvers on various Smith & Wesson patterns.
In the late 1990s, the company's brand was used on video equipment manufactured by other companies.
They presented their first women's collection in 1985 in Milan, where a year later their store would open its doors.
After closing the deal, Raycom sold a number of stations, including two from the Liberty portfolio.
The company is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index.
Later they introduced a next-generation high-end platform for UNIX and Windows NT based on a non-uniform memory access architecture, NUMA-Q.
The bank also offers a range of general insurance products such as home, travel, and health insurance.
Foster's Group Limited was based in Melbourne, Victoria and was renamed Carlton & United Breweries prior to sale to British-South African multinational SABMiller in 2011.
The Wall Street English program is designed for all levels of learners.
CA Technologies, formerly known as Computer Associates International, Inc. and CA, Inc., is an American multinational publicly held corporation headquartered in New York City.
The Warehouse Group is a group that consists of The Warehouse, Warehouse Stationery, Noel Leeming, Warehouse Group Financial Services and Torpedo7 Group.
It is based in Elland, West Yorkshire.
On 27 April 2011, Novell were acquired by The Attachmate Group, which made SUSE an independent business unit.
Some production involves building bus and coach bodies on separate bus chassis from manufacturers such as Volvo and Scania.
Following its merger, the Veritas brand was replaced by that of Symantec.
If the detail on the balloon is intricate, to save cost and weight, the designs may be sprayed or painted on instead.
Rubycon holds a significant world market share in the capacitor market and has 11 production sites, 10 in Japan and one in Indonesia.
Metallica Resources was a publicly held Canadian mineral exploration and development company with a geographic focus in the Americas.
The Alexandria, Virginia-based private company was founded in July 1993 by co-chairmen and brothers David and Tom Gardner; and Erik Rydholm, who has since left.
Additionally, it has representative offices in Shanghai and Taipei.
Argonaut Games plc was a British video game developer, founded in 1982 and liquidated in 2004.
Today, over 100 different items carry the Entenmann's brand.
Jane's Combat Simulations was a brand of PC flight and combat simulators released by Electronic Arts.
It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
In November 2011, following a period of sustained losses, Kesa sold Comet to private equity firm OpCapita for £2.
Between 2007 and 2009 it became an Electronic Arts-owned developer, and shortly afterwards closed.
In 1997 Pinnacle purchased Miro Computer Systems GmbH and in 2001 the video editing business of FAST MultiMedia AG.
They released their last title, Thunderbirds, in 2004 and went out of business in 2007.
Hudson Company merged with the Dayton Company to form the Dayton-Hudson Corporation, adding 21 Michigan-based stores to the total.
In the 1930s, he adopted the Indonesian name Sampoerna meaning "perfection" as his family name, thus becoming the company's namesake.
He convinced Dr.Kurien to stay and help with the mission rest was history in the dairying industry.
Oneida Limited is one of the world’s largest designers and sellers of stainless steel and silverplated cutlery and tableware for the consumer and foodservice industries.
Migros is Switzerland's largest retail company, its largest supermarket chain and largest employer.
Dremel's rotary tools are similar to the pneumatic die grinders used in the metalworking industry by tool or moldmakers.
On August 18, 2008, shareholders approved a merger with the New York Mercantile Exchange and COMEX.
Founded in 1952, it supplies mostly handmade bicycles for the road, track and cyclo-cross.
Pilot Corporation is a petroleum corporation in Knoxville, Tennessee, United States.
Eastman was later put in charge of software development at Berkeley Systems.
On March 12, 2010 it was announced that Vodafone is closing the company and all employees will be let go.
Founded in 1941, CBC News is the largest news broadcaster in Canada and has local, regional and national broadcasts and stations.
Blackbaud was founded in 1981 by Anthony Bakker.
Apogee Software, LLC is an American video game publisher based in Garland, Texas, founded in 2008.
It was founded in 1984 by Peter Gotcher and Evan Brooks.
On February 17, 2017, Hanjin Shipping Co. was declared bankrupt by South Korean courts.
Ralink was a participant in the Wi-Fi Alliance and the IEEE 802.11 standards committees.
It is also one of the forty largest retailers in the world.
Barracuda Networks, Inc. is a company providing security, networking and storage products based on network appliances and cloud services.
The owner began keeping the major currencies on hand.
was forced to retire for health reasons.
Marratech was a Swedish company that made software for e-meetings.
Hellenic Shipyards S.A. is a large shipyard in Skaramagas near Athens, Greece.
has also extended their expertise to model cars, offering many reliable and powerful engines for these vehicles.
For instance the Simca 1307 was sold in Britain as the Chrysler Alpine, and the Horizon was also sold under the Chrysler brand.
In 2004, Kellwood Company bought Phat Fashions for $140 million, but Kimora Lee Simmons maintained control as president and creative director of Baby Phat until 2010.
They began with three puzzles called "Decipher" then moved on to party games and Pente sets, but since 1994 produced collectible card and role-playing games.
However, with the refocusing of the company efforts to the 3D conversion business, the company officially changed names to Legend3D, Inc. in the summer of 2010.
Anglo Swiss Capital exploit investment opportunities related to the position of Switzerland as a global financial, corporate and international affairs centre.
Corporate headquarters are in the financial district of Vancouver, British Columbia.
Allen Family Foods was a large U.S. producer and exporter of chicken, headquartered in Seaford, Delaware.
Yaquinto Publications was the wargame publishing arm of the Robert Yaquinto Printing Company of Dallas, Texas.
Its major products include MATLAB and Simulink.
The company merged with Cadnetix Corporation of Boulder, Colorado in 1988, with the resulting company then known officially as Daisy/Cadnetix, Inc. with the trade name DAZIX.
Veuve Clicquot Ponsardin is a French Champagne house based in Reims, specializing in premium products.
Its corporate emblem was a winged lion.
Genesco exited footwear manufacturing in 2002 and now contracts with independent, third parties located outside the United States to manufacture its branded and licensed footwear.
The new stores are known as Zehrs Markets, as opposed to the new Zehrs Greatfood format that had been opened only a couple of years before.
Citroën is a major French automobile manufacturer, part of the PSA Peugeot Citroën group since 1976, founded in 1919 by French industrialist André-Gustave Citroën.
Kohl's is the second-largest department store by retail sales in the United States.
ACE trades on the NYSE and is a component of the S&P 500 index.
WingNut films also has produced at Pinewood Studios in England.
Kaufmann's was a department store that originated in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Netdevil, Inc. was an American developer of massively multiplayer online games in Louisville, Colorado and owned by Gazillion Entertainment.
In September 2000, it became a subsidiary of Renault and adopted its present name, although Samsung maintained a minority ownership.
Throughout its history, it has produced weapons for the Russian state.
Titles range from Deal or No Deal and A League of Their Own, to EastEnders and Strictly Come Dancing.
Interface, Inc., is the world's largest manufacturer of modular carpet for commercial and residential applications.
In 1908 it moved into the automotive field, before becoming a subsidiary of the United States-based General Motors in 1931.
Holley developed and produced a series of drum printers.
Subsequently, the company is no longer a member of the Ontario Craft Brewers Association.
Beyond Sweden, the company generates power in Denmark, Finland, Germany, the Netherlands, Poland, and the United Kingdom.
Franklins also had stores in Queensland, Victoria and South Australia until 2001.
Until October 2011 AECL was also the vendor of CANDU technology, which it had exported worldwide.
Nine-year-old Patrick Munro of Greenlawn, N.Y. is one of five kids from the Make-A-Wish Foundation whose sports-related wish was highlighted on the SportsCenter series.
Take-Two wholly owns publishers Rockstar Games and 2K Games.
They were responsible for the creation of a wide array of relatively famous scrolling shooters and other arcade games.
Circle Studio was a video game developer located in Derby, United Kingdom.
Soltam Systems serves armed and special forces in more than 60 countries.
The Food Emporium grew throughout the 1990s, converting many of its New York-area A&P stores to The Food Emporium and expanding the chain to New Jersey.
The new Kraft Foods Group was focused mainly on grocery products for the North American market while Mondelēz is focused on international confectionery and snack brands.
Ambrosia Software is a predominantly Macintosh software company located in Rochester, New York, U.S. Ambrosia produces utility software and video games.
In academic use, a journal refers to a serious, scholarly publication that is peer-reviewed.
It employed 3,400 people in three states, with an annual payroll of $90 million.
TVB also runs talent programmes such as the annual Miss Hong Kong and Miss Chinese International beauty pageants.
Historically, production or assembly plants were operated in all mainland states of Australia.
Gaumont predominantly produces, co-produces, and distributes films, and in 2011, 95% of Gaumont's consolidated revenues came from the film division.
The Stradivari Society does not hold title to the instruments.
Harvester Restaurants is a family farmhouse-style restaurant chain with over 230 outlets in the United Kingdom.
Dennis left the company upon the expiry of his contract in January 2017.
ImClone Systems Incorporated is a formerly independent biopharmaceutical company dedicated to developing biologic medicines in the area of oncology.
It operates a 50:50 joint venture with Kenon Holdings, Qoros, which was formed in 2007 and sells a range of premium vehicles in emerging markets.
It was bought by Weyerhaeuser of Federal Way, Washington in 1999.
The production of the combined organization moved Barrick to its current position as the largest gold producer, ahead of Newmont Mining Corporation.
OPSM operates 400 stores in Australia and New Zealand.
The company was headquartered in Northfield, Illinois, a Chicago suburb.
Oxford Instruments plc is a United Kingdom manufacturing and research company that designs and manufactures tools and systems for industry and research.
United Defense Industries was a United States defense contractor which is now part of BAE Systems Land and Armaments.
Cargill declared revenues of $136.7 billion and earnings of $2.31 billion in the 2013 fiscal year.
Their first game, Frontlines: Fuel of War, was released on February 25, 2008.
Fido remains a separate entity from Rogers.
Coktel Vision also developed educational games, most of them starring ADI the alien.
In 1971, it was announced that MGM would merge with 20th Century Fox, a plan which never came into fruition.
Frozenbyte Inc. is a Finnish game-developer founded in 2001 and based in Helsinki, Finland.
As of August 2015, TPG is the second largest internet service provider in Australia and operates the largest mobile virtual network operator.
The stated goals of the XPCC are to develop frontier regions, promote economic development, ensure social stability and ethnic harmony, and consolidate border defense.
Elmer's is a western US general dining restaurant, comparable to Denny's.
Long Trail Ale, a German Altbier, is the company's flagship beer.
Muntz was assisted by Frank Kurtis, who had earlier attempted to produce a sports car under the Kurtis Kraft marque.
The company's corporate headquarters are located in Renton, Washington in the United States of America.
Revell is the well-known brand name today used by two distinct manufacturers of scale plastic models.
In the postwar period it was revived as an independent company under its original name and subsequently joined several consortia before being merged to form MBB.
The company's operating systems, starting with CP/M for 8080/Z80-based microcomputers, were the de facto standard of their era, as MS-DOS and Microsoft Windows came later.
It is now a wholly owned subsidiary of Australia's Woolworths Limited.
Grolsch Brewery, known simply as Grolsch, is a Dutch brewery founded in 1615 by Willem Neerfeldt in Groenlo.
SNK is most notable as creator of the Neo Geo family of arcade, home, and handheld game consoles, beginning in 1990.
Part of their marketing strategy is to use temperature sensitive paper on their bottle label.
Dainese has both off-the-rack and more expensive made to measure products.
It supplies nuclear power stations in about 15 countries, and states that it had a 29% share of the global market for enrichment services in 2011.
The principal place of business was to be at Banana in Putnam County, Florida.
Hershey's products are sold in over 60 countries worldwide.
Legg Mason offers products in equities and fixed income, as well as domestic and international liquidity management and alternative investments.
The firm switched to real estate investment trust status when they were introduced in the United Kingdom in January 2007.
Signet Jewelers owns and operates the companies Zale, Kay Jewelers, and Jared.
At the time of its closure Tooton's had numerous retail locations in operation in the provinces of Newfoundland and Nova Scotia.
Guerlain is a French perfume, cosmetics and skincare house, which is among the oldest in the world.
ESET is an IT security company that offers anti-virus and firewall products such as ESET NOD32.
Associated Electrics is now owned by Thunder Tiger Corporation from Taiwan.
Segments of its systems were intended to be part of the Cape to Cairo Railway.
Dorothy Perkins is a multinational women’s fashion retailer based in the United Kingdom.
Tilted Mill developed the fifth game of the SimCity series, titled SimCity Societies.
The first commercial programmable "desktop computer", the Programma 101, was produced by Olivetti in 1964 and was a commercial success.
Armitage Shanks is a British manufacturer of bathroom fixtures and plumbing supplies.
Former notable employees of Impressions include Chris Beatrice and Peter Haffenreffer, co-founders of Tilted Mill Entertainment and Simon Bradbury, founder of Firefly Studios.
Eventually, other products using honey and beeswax, including edible spreads and furniture polish, were sold, before a move into the personal care line.
the technological basis on which a cellular phone product can be built.
In 2015, Moosehead won a single Gold award in the Canadian Brewing Awards where most of the winners are craft beers.
The trains operate on 1,435 mm track.
Originally a New York corporation, Sinclair Oil reincorporated in Wyoming in 1976.
The Norton Motorcycle Company is a British motorcycle marque, originally from Birmingham, UK.
In 2001, after the release of Grand Theft Auto III, DMA Design was ultimately renamed Rockstar North and became part of the Rockstar Games umbrella.
The Winifred Museum in Winifred, Montana, has a collection of more than 3,000 Tonka toys.
Since 1984, the Isaly's name has enjoyed a comeback of sorts, but one not overseen by members of the Isaly family.
Brazilian conglomerate Cosan owns 61.73% of Comgas's stock, and Shell 17.12%.
Hanna-Barbera's fortunes declined in the mid-1980s when the profitability of Saturday morning cartoons was eclipsed by weekday afternoon syndication.
Many of its general stores are connected to a shopping mall with competing businesses surrounding.
On April 2, 2007 the City of Rochester announced that it had sold the ferry to a German company for $30 million.
Clickteam is a software company founded in 1993 by François Lionet, Yves Lamoureux and Francis Poulain and headquartered in Paris, France.
In 2013, following the shutdown of the Nextel network and concurrent with the acquisition by SoftBank, the company returned to using simply Sprint Corporation.
In addition, the firm has been recognized numerous times for design excellence in the totality of its practice.
Company headquarters are located in Sandefjord, Norway where the company was founded.
Riccardo Sciutto is the CEO of Sergio Rossi.
Avid Audio products will continue to be produced and will now carry the Avid brand name.
American Medical Response, Inc. is a medical transportation company in the United States.
KDU University College is a private university college in Malaysia, with its flagship campus in Utropolis Glenmarie, Shah Alam.
It was founded by Gavriel State, who ran the Linux product division at Corel.
Their distribution network for solar inverters covers 82 distributors and wholesalers across 27 different countries.
Somerfield was a chain of small to medium-sized supermarkets operating in the United Kingdom.
One of these led to a period where the company did business under a different name as I.C.
It has several subsidiary brands or labels: Peach Princess, G-Collections, and JAST Densetsu.
At the time of their bankruptcy they closed all 13 stores.
Clabir and its group of coinvestors sold their stock back to General Host in 1980 for $18 million.
In 2016, its animated sticker-making app - which has been available since 2014 - became the top IMessage App Store app by download growth.
According to its website, NRMA Insurance Group Limited changed its name to Insurance Australia Group Limited on 15 January 2002.
The pair began singing covers and submitting them to the Niconico video sharing website between 2009 and 2010.
Stockbrokers on the Exchange are licensed by the Central Bank of Swaziland and there is no regulation regarding the foreign ownership of brokerage firms.
The remaining 49% will be acquired by Etika Automotive.
The company has stores in all provinces of Canada.
33 on the 2016 edition of the Forbes Global 2000 list of largest public companies.
Guineys also own the shop DenimBar, which specializes in young men's fashion.
In July 2010 Tomkins was acquired by a Canadian consortium of private equity firm Onex Corporation and the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board.
The Group owns the properties Metro Pasar Baru Building, Melawai Plaza Building and Metro Sunter Plaza.
Triborough Bridge, the agency's original namesake and flagship crossing, connecting Manhattan, the Bronx, and Queens, via Randalls and Wards Islands
Its name stands for "TV for you."
Eddie Bauer Holdings, Inc., filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in Delaware on June 17, 2009.
After a great deal of regulatory red tape and negotiation, Bricklin made a deal with Subaru.
Its export brands include Corona, Modelo, and Pacífico.
Village Inn is a casual dining restaurant chain in the United States.
uses buildings formerly occupied by other stores.
The CETME Model 58 and CETME Model L are its most notable projects.
Legg Mason, Inc. is an American investment management firm with a focus on asset management and serves customers worldwide.
Pak Telecom Mobile Limited or Ufone is a Pakistani GSM cellular service provider.
Camelot Co. Ltd. is a Japanese video game developer established in 1990 under the name Sega CD4, but quickly renamed to Sonic!
Big Y is the 268th-largest private company in the United States, according to the 2005 Forbes magazine "500 Largest Private Companies" list.
With factories in China, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Philippines and Taiwan, Amkor is a leading player in the semiconductor industry.
Terra Firma Capital Partners Ltd. is a UK-based private equity firm.
Schroders has two share classes: voting shares and non-voting shares.
Shopko operated Pamida as a separate division until 2007, when Pamida was separated from Shopko and reestablished as a separate company.
It was dedicated to releasing independently produced, low-budget films packaged as double features, primarily of interest to the teenagers of the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s.
Cox Enterprises, Inc. is a privately held American conglomerate based in Atlanta.
Maruei is a department store in Nagoya Japan.
In 2012, Quepasa suspended operations after a $100 million acquisition, name change and sale to MeetMe.
The company was formed by two former employees of Comet Kits, Jack Besser and Bob Reder.
Samuel Smith's Old Brewery, popularly known as Samuel Smith's or Sam Smith's, is an independent British brewery in Tadcaster, North Yorkshire, England.
In addition, biochemicals for research purposes and manufacturing processes are developed.
In April 2006 Miranda Technologies Inc. purchased VertigoXmedia.
On average, a post office serves an area of 21.22 square kilometres and a population of 8,054.
The core products of Wärtsilä include large combustion engines used in cruise ships and ferries.
A large beverage selection is also available at each location, which includes a house blend of coffee made from dark roasted Arabica beans.
Fossil Group, Inc. is an American fashion designer and manufacturer founded in 1984 by Tom Kartsotis and based in Richardson, Texas.
Intel Ireland also operates a research facility in Shannon, County Clare which employs approximately 250 people.
A merger between Veolia Transport and Transdev was announced on 23 July 2009.
Headquartered in Benton Harbor, Michigan, Zenith sold personal computers under both the Heath/Zenith and Zenith Data Systems names.
Northern Foods Ltd is a British food manufacturer headquartered in Leeds, England.
Other Branches can be found in Bristol, Birmingham, Glasgow and Dublin.
The company initially operated in nearly-complete secrecy.
Long Trail Brewing Company is a regional brewery in Bridgewater Corners, Vermont, USA.
They are also known for working on the Prey series and have helped with the development of BioShock Infinite and Defiance.
The National Entertainment Collectibles Association or NECA is an American manufacturer of collectibles typically licensed from films, video-games, sports, music, and television based in New Jersey.
The company was founded by Karl Fazer in 1891, as a "French-Russian confectionary" in central Helsinki.
The sale was completed on August 15, 2005.
It ceased to operate in 1976 after failing to renew its contracts with the United States Navy.
Bechtel Corporation is the largest construction and civil engineering company in the United States, and the 9th-largest privately owned American company in 2016.
Maktoob is an online services company founded in Amman.
Today, the Comarch Group employs nearly 4,500 employees worldwide with a steady yearly revenue stream of over $300 million.
MarkLogic has over 550 customers, including Comcast, Deutsche Bank, Erie Insurance Group, Johnson & Johnson, and the US Army.
Celgene Corporation is an American biotechnology company that discovers, develops and commercializes medicines for cancer and inflammatory disorders.
Hot Mobile provides nationwide wireless service using UMTS in the 2100Mhz band, with supplemented coverage through a domestic roaming agreement with Partner.
Nano-RAM is a proprietary computer memory technology from the company Nantero.
The term weight-watcher, in the same sense, had circulated publicly for several years before the company was formed.
The choice of name, Fjord1, was also not well-accepted among the local population.
In Portuguese the word sadia means "healthy".
IBOPE was established in Brazil in 1942 and provides the largest collection of information in Brazilian and Latin American markets.
Gillig Corporation is an American designer and manufacturer of buses.
Until sometime in the 1980s the company's products were marketed under the brand name "Hamilton Beach Scovill", reflecting a merger that occurred in the 1940s.
EchoStar continues to be the primary technology partner to Dish Network.
Airbus UK is a wholly owned subsidiary of Airbus SAS which produces wings for the Airbus aircraft family.
The company’s portfolio of brands includes Office Depot, OfficeMax, Grand & Toy, Viking Direct, Ativa, TUL, Foray, Realspace, and DiVOGA.
The chief executive of SAIPA is Mehdi Jamali, predecessor of whom was Nematollah Poustindouz.
Waffle House, Inc., is an American restaurant chain with more than 2,100 locations in 25 states in the United States.
In 1993 Falcon Northwest bought out Bay Engineering, who served CAD application users, and continued to serve those customers for several years.
Pentair was founded in the US, where roughly half of the company's revenue is derived as of 2015.
On December 12, 2001, it merged with Swiss food-giant Nestlé's Friskies division to form Nestlé Purina PetCare Company.
The name of the company in Latin means cards for the world.
Castlemaine Perkins is the home of the XXXX beer brand.
G4S has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
National's key markets included wireless handsets, displays and a variety of broad electronics markets, including medical, automotive, industrial and test and measurement applications.
However, as a consequence of the Great Recession, funding became scarce and work on the D-Jet's development was eventually terminated during early 2013.
American Transportation Corporation was an American manufacturer of school bus bodies.
In October 2006 BattleGoat Studios announced that work had begun on a sequel to their first title.
Aisin is a Fortune Global 500 company, ranked 442 on the 2015 rankings.
Established by the Policy Banks Law of 1994, the bank is described as the engine that powers the national government’s economic development policies.
The company was formerly located in Long Island City, Queens, New York, United States, but the plant was moved to Nogales, Mexico in 1999.
Trader Joe's was founded by Joseph "Joe" Coulombe.
The company is headquartered in Runnemede, New Jersey and is still run by the Conway family, co-owned by cousins Jim Conway Jr. and John Conway.
The chain was founded in 1986 by Warren Simmons in Alameda, California.
This chain grew to have stores at railway stations all over India, especially in the north.
Card model names were usually preceded by a "#9" moniker.
Vertical Communications changed its name on January 1, 2005 from Artisoft, Inc. after acquiring Vertical Networks in September 2004.
This special event attracted thousands of citizens eager to see the new premises.
House of Blues is a chain of live music concert halls and restaurants in major markets throughout the United States.
The company was founded in 1917 and is based in Chicago, Illinois.
This makes The Phone Co-op the only telephone co-operative in the UK.
In 2015, MSC Cruises had four new ships on order from STX France and Fincantieri, with options for three more.
Clean Scene Network for Youth operating as Clean Scene is a registered charity located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
As of 2016, Honda reports total production capacity for this joint venture at 480,000 units, yearly.
Tassal‘s Head office is in Hobart, with offices across Tasmania including the Huonville and Margate regions.
In 1971 it merged with Dassault to form Avions Marcel Dassault-Breguet Aviation.
The company was founded in March 1981 by Masayuki Kato.
The Fortune 500 company reported $6.35 billion in sales during fiscal 2013.
Following a 2008 agreement between CLH and the National Energy Commission the latter took over the archives.
Thermo Electron was co-founded in 1956 by George N. Hatsopoulos, Peter M. Nomikos.
Jessops Europe Limited is a British photographic retailing company.
PGE produces and purchases energy primarily from coal and natural gas plants, as well as hydroelectric power from dams on the Clackamas, Willamette and Deschutes rivers.
The agency portrays the views of the North Korean government for foreign consumption.
Midwest Wireless provided 2G and 3G service using CDMA 2000 and EV-DO technologies.
NDS Group was established in 1988 as an Israeli start up company.
On 1 September 1970, the company merged with Hamburg America Line to form Hapag-Lloyd AG.
It is promoted as being "the industry’s first branded boutique hotel experience."
The order for the initial batch of three ships was placed in 1997, with Marconi Marine, which was absorbed into BAE Systems in 1999.
The Canadian competitors maintained several stations in the interior, primarily Spokane House, Kootanae House and Saleesh House.
It is owned and operated by Toyota Motor Corporation of Japan.
It is also the name of the standard hamburger offered by the restaurant, being its first product when it opened in 1972.
Anheuser-Busch InBev is the largest beer producer in the world.
The Permanent University Fund is a sovereign wealth fund created by the State of Texas to fund public higher education within the state.
It is headquartered in Santa Monica, California.
Some of them have been sold to other companies, but SJ AB, Green Cargo and Jernhusen are still fully government owned.
Lionel Corporation was an American toy manufacturer and retailer that was in business from 1900 to 1995.
It is currently shortlisted for more awards including three from the Daily Telegraph British Homes Awards.
Kingfisher is listed on the London Stock Exchange, and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
Founded in 1899 in South Philadelphia by Michael A. Bruder, M.A.B.
Soon after the end of the war Clément-Talbot was brought into a combine named S T D Motors.
It was founded in 1967 by Serge Kampf in Grenoble, France.
On January 1, 1984, New Jersey Bell became part of Bell Atlantic.
Erie Insurance is an American multi-line insurance company, offering auto, home, commercial and life insurance through a network of independent insurance agents.
AT&T Labs is the research & development division of AT&T.
The group began in 1999 when Jack Ma founded the website Alibaba.com, a business-to-business portal to connect Chinese manufacturers with overseas buyers.
In October 2009 the new deepwater Port of Ngqura was commissioned just 7 km outside of Port Elizabeth.
The company was acquired by Nokia in 2007/2008, and fully merged into Nokia in 2011 to form part of the Here business unit.
Whirled, the companies third virtual world, was a player created content platform using Adobe Flash and html5.
In 2004, Woori Bank opened its Gaeseong Industrial Complex branch, in Gaeseong, North Korea.
Akella is a Russian software company specializing in the development, publishing and distribution of video games and multimedia products.
In November 2012 it was named Global Private Bank of the Year by Professional Wealth Management.
Lippo has a collective presence across Asia and North America.
The company rose quickly to prominence and was noted for its polished, high-budget approach to packaging and advertising, as well as its self-promotion and ambition.
As of 2017, the business consists of 20 shops located in England and Scotland.
OMERS has also shown interest in the company.
Reddit was founded by University of Virginia roommates Steve Huffman and Alexis Ohanian in 2005.
The Central Electricity Generating Board was the cornerstone of the British electricity industry for almost forty years, from 1957 to privatisation in the 1990s.
The primary purposes of basic research are documentation, discovery, interpretation, or the research and development of methods and systems for the advancement of human knowledge.
Bitburger is headquartered in Bitburg, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
It has offices in the United States, Germany, the Netherlands, United Kingdom, Japan, Hong Kong, China and South Korea.
Since its founding in 1977, American Family Publishers has been one of America's leading marketers of magazine subscriptions.
The company manufactures heavy-duty engines and chassis components for the on-highway and vocational commercial truck markets.
The company reported sales worth 1.93 billion Euros in its fiscal year 2014/2015.
Interpark is a South Korean online auction and shopping mall where people from all around the world buy and sell goods and services.
Alumina Limited is a public company listed on the Australian and New York Stock Exchanges.
DEC was a leading vendor of computer systems, including computers, software, and peripherals.
In April 2006, Naza developed the Naza Sutera based on Hafei Lobo.
Of the 4,602 hotels, 3,934 operate under franchise agreements, 658 are managed by the company but separately owned, and 10 are directly owned.
The team mostly came from Infogrames, another French video game company, after a disagreement about sequels of the Alone in the Dark bestseller.
The firm's shares are listed on the OMX Stockholm exchange and both 'A' and 'B' classes form part of the benchmark OMXS30 index.
American Electric Power is a major investor-owned electric utility in the United States, delivering electricity to more than five million customers in 11 states.
The US TradeMarks were allowed to languish and the site has been shut down.
HAL Laboratory started off making games for the MSX system and the Commodore VIC-20.
By the spring of 1985 Ashton had decided to make the retailing of plants and flowers, rather than specialty foods, the centerpiece of his company.
Generally, these goods are procured by CSD in bulk, and sold at concessional rates, compared with retail prices.
At that time, Burroughs machines ranged in price from $300 to $500 depending on model.
These were only around for a very short amount of time.
In November 2010, Quad/Graphics, Inc acquired Commercial and Specialty Products Printer HGI Company.
Mycotoxins are toxic compounds produced by molds in human food and farm animal feeds, thus being economically important factors.
Ergon was formed in 1999 by the Queensland Government, from the then six regional Queensland electricity distributors and their subsidiary retailers.
A majority of Bose Corporation's shares were given by Amar Bose in 2011 to his alma mater and former employer, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Norwegian Cruise Line controls approximately 8% of the total worldwide share of the cruise market.
Dow sells directly to end-users primarily in the human and animal health and consumer products markets.
P&O was a British shipping and logistics company dating from the early 19th century.
Konkan Railway Corporation is a subsidiary of the Indian Railways.
In 2011, HTC ranked as the 98th top brand on Interbrand's Best Global Brands report.
Varity also owned Perkins Engines headquartered in Peterborough England and Kelsey-Hayes headquartered in Romulus, Michigan.
However, the show caused significant disruption to neighbouring tenants, resulting in a loss of the lease on M6.
In 2008, Vivendi Games was acquired by and merged with Activision, and Sierra Entertainment was closed shortly after.
Chevron is also one of the first two fuel brands to be Top Tier certified.
In 2011, Mitsubishi Motors was the sixth biggest Japanese automaker and the sixteenth biggest worldwide by production.
After the sale of its Latin American branches in 2006, BankBoston currently exists solely as a subsidiary private bank owned by Bank of America.
It operates intercity rail services in the four prefectures on the island of Shikoku in Japan.
Membership is acquired and maintained through payment of annual dues.
Its headquarters are at Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.
A third online business segment was launched under the name Impresa Digital
The company has been developing and manufacturing advanced artillery systems, mortars, ammunition and peripheral equipment since 1952.
Shintoho Co. Ltd. was a Japanese movie studio.
The company had a consolidated turnover of 1.978 billion euros in 2012.
In April 2002, after France Télécom gained a majority stake it was re-branded to comply with the group's global strategy.
According to Gartner Research in 2013, Transcend was the world's No.
Norbord's furniture factory is based in South Molton, England.
The company was ranked #58 in the most recent Fortune Global 500 list.
Due to their success in the swimwear industry, the word "Speedo" has become synonymous with racing bathing suits.
For the Ohio-based chain, see Acme Fresh Market.
Each Tata company or enterprise operates independently under the guidance and supervision of its own board of directors and shareholders.
To date, Firehouse Subs has opened 1050 franchise restaurants across 44 states, Puerto Rico, Canada, and Mexico.
DALI stands for Danish Audiophile Loudspeaker Industries, a Danish manufacturer of high-end loudspeakers.
The Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc., also known as Kanden, is an electric utility with its operational area of Kansai region, Japan.
In November 2006, Venus, Venus Manufacturing, and WinterSilks, were acquired 80% by Golden Gate Capital, under their Catalog Holdings Group.
InterTAN, the corporate entity, was not included in the sale, and is therefore now considered defunct.
OSE was founded in 1971, taking over from the Hellenic State Railways, which was founded in 1920.
In 1990 IBMA established the World of Bluegrass, a combination trade show, concert, and awards presentation.
Safetran Systems Corporation is a US-based supplier of switch machines, railroad wayside signal systems, rail transit signaling and rail-highway grade crossing active warning systems.
Freedom Press is an anarchist publishing house in Whitechapel, London, United Kingdom.
Kiwibank Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of the state-owned enterprise New Zealand Post Limited.
The Ryan Aeronautical Company was founded by T. Claude Ryan in San Diego, California in 1934.
The headquarters of Thomson UK are in Luton, England.
It also distributes multi-ethnic television programming to consumers via Video On Demand services.
On 16 September 1998, the Reto-Moto development group turned the company into IO Interactive ApS, and into IO Interactive A/S on 14 April 2000.
The company teamed with designer Anish Kapoor in 2006 to produce the PowerPack Backpack that incorporated solar technology for charging phones and PDAs.
On July 7, 2017, the company announced it would be acquired by Berkshire Hathaway.
Herb - who owned the water ski company, H.O.
Since 2011, Telefónica has sponsored a UCI ProTeam squad in cycling under the name of Movistar Team, and since 2014, the MotoGP team Movistar Yamaha MotoGP.
In 2001, Denon was spun off as a separate company with 98% held by Ripplewood Holdings and 2% by Hitachi.
EA Maxis is a subsidiary of Electronic Arts, serving as one of its four major video game development labels.
In the US, the company manufactures in Springfield, Oregon and has additional offices in Portland, Oregon.
In 1950, SAB relocated its headquarters and control from London to South Africa.
Verizon New Jersey, Inc., formerly New Jersey Bell Telephone Company, is the Bell Operating Company serving the U.S. state of New Jersey.
Singapore Telecommunications Limited is a Singaporean telecommunications company.
In 1989, Horipro purchased the publishing assets of famed rock band Kiss.
The Belo Corporation used the A. H. Belo name from 1926 to 2002 when it was shortened to simply Belo.
Its brands include Cathedral City Cheddar cheese, Country Life butter, Utterly Butterly, Vitalite and Clover.
In 2001, Keen opened its eighth Canadian office in Ottawa, Ontario.
In 2015, Mazda was the fifteenth biggest automaker by production worldwide.
Founded in Akron, Ohio in 1870 as Goodrich, Tew & Co. by Dr. Benjamin Franklin Goodrich.
As of Version 6, the SageTV Placeshifter is available for Windows, Linux and Macintosh platforms.
Pei Wei's dishes are made to order in an open concept kitchen using cooking methods like wok firing.
OpenTV was founded in 1994 through the merge of Thomson Multimedia and Sun Microsystems.
VEF, Latvian acronym for Valsts elektrotehniskā fabrika, is a manufacturer of electrical and electronic products in Riga, Latvia.
the smaller ones Arriva, Syntus, Veolia, NS Hispeed, and Connexxion,
Its radio broadcasting division, CHUM Radio has since became Bell Media Radio after Bell Canada took control of CTV's assets, thus becoming Bell Media.
Couchsurfing International Inc. operates Couchsurfing.com, a hospitality service and social networking website.
since 1979, among several Philippine television dramas.
Celesc is headquartered in the Santa Catarina capital of Florianópolis.
That same year, they began cooperation with Mitsubishi, and re-established cooperation with Fiat in 1984.
Stefani came from a family of seamstresses.
The company's operational hub is Nagoya Station.
The Ellesmere Port plant currently employs around 1,880 staff and has a capacity of approximately 187,000 units.
Nissan Motor Manufacturing Ltd, or NMUK, is a car manufacturing plant in Sunderland, Tyne and Wear, England.
The firm often targets under-performing businesses in need of strategic, operational, or management change.
On April19th 2017, Great Wall Motors released a new premium SUV brand named WEY.
Mesh Computers Limited is a private computer company based in London, England.
'Hana' is a word in Korean meaning "one" or "unity", and Hana Financial Group's symbol, "ㅎ", represents the first consonant of 'Hana or 하나' in Korean.
The company's product range also includes handlebars, stems, seat posts, tires, inner tubes, handlebar tape, and bags.
The U.S. subsidiary also contributes to Tama's market research and development.
In 1982 the ZX Spectrum was released, becoming the UK's best selling computer, and competing aggressively against Commodore and Amstrad.
The company is family-owned and employs 19,800 people worldwide.
Started in Dresden, the company is now headquartered in Newark, Ohio.
It was formed in March 2003 when Singaporean land transport companies Comfort Group and DelGro Corporation merged.
American Family Publishers was an American company that sold magazine subscriptions.
Stodir is an international investment company, headquartered in Reykjavík, Iceland with offices in London.
In 2001, Odwalla was acquired by The Coca-Cola Company for US$181 million and became a wholly owned subsidiary.
It is engaged in the provision of financial information and services, primarily in the China market.
However, Jardines' involvement in Hong Kong aviation began as early as 1946 as Jardine Airways.
It became a Fortune 500 company in March 2005 and is the 30th largest retailer in the U.S., based on 2014 revenue.
Cognis was an integrated part of Henkel, a German consumer products company, until 1999, when it became an operationally independent business unit.
The company can also provide access to more than 5 million products from their online catalog.
Students may purchase food and other items using their Signature Card accounts or traditional payment methods.
The Hamilton Watch Company had its genesis as an American watch design and manufacturing company, which incorporated in 1892 and produced its first watch in 1893.
Pampers is an American name brand of baby and toddler products marketed by Procter & Gamble.
Also in 1911, Burroughs introduced a key-driven calculator that looked very much like a Felt & Tarrant Comptometer.
The company manufactures mainly pantyhose and other underwear for women and, since 2010, produces male underwear as well.
The popularity of these arcade games led to them being ported to home consoles, and then ultimately to Psikyo developing games for consoles.
It consists of the following companies, of which PKP SA has the dominant position:
In 2003, the company's assets were bought by Thrush Aircraft.
The store announced it would be closing on August 15, 2016.
The company is owned by a Hong Kong listed company Wing on Company International Limited, incorporated in Bermuda.
Filmways acquired famous companies throughout the years, such as Heatter-Quigley Productions, Ruby-Spears Productions and American International Pictures.
In reality, "David Seville" was Bagdasarian's stage name, and the Chipmunks themselves are named after the executives of their original record label.
FamilyMart is Japan's 2nd largest convenience store chain, behind 7-Eleven.
It is owned by C&C Group plc, which purchased the Tennent Caledonian Breweries subsidiary in late August 2009 from Belgian brewing company Anheuser-Busch InBev.
Beginning 1 February 2002 the acquisition was completed.
Motobécane was a French manufacturer of bicycles, mopeds, motorcycles, and other small vehicles, established in 1923.
For a time WorldCom was the United States's second largest long distance telephone company.
Zipcar is an American car-sharing company and a subsidiary of Avis Budget Group.
Its primary communications segment services are internet access, and services and devices.
The company was acquired by NCR Corporation in 1991, and subsequently spun-off again as an independent public company on October 1, 2007.
Yuengling is pronounced  YENG-ling, and is an Anglicized version of Jüngling, its founder's surname and the German term for "youngling" or "young person".
Reser's Fine Foods, Inc., a United States corporation based in Beaverton, Oregon, manufactures and distributes fresh and frozen prepared foods.
Certain brands operate in the upper middle market.
Based in San Francisco it is one of the five founding members of the IAB Click Measurement Panel.
Tabasco sauce is a brand of hot sauce made exclusively from tabasco peppers, vinegar, and salt.
As of August 2013, the brand is active in the actions sports industry and sponsors skateboard, surf, snow, BMX, and motocross teams.
The Company had an ownership interest in a gold project at Cerro de San Pedro Mexico.
AlliedSignal was an American aerospace, automotive and engineering company created through the 1985 merger of Allied Corp. and Signal Companies.
Persons coming from TRW were important to build up corporations like SpaceX.
It operate under the names Tom Thumb—traditional grocery stores; Flagship Tom Thumb—high end stores, usually in affluent areas.
The bank, which is led by CEO Jerry Schaffner, employs about 1,400 people.
CPI was merged into Centronics and eventually the Rochester facility was closed.
In early 2011, Arla Foods and DMK formed the joint venture company ArNoCo GmbH & Co. KG, to produce whey proteins for the food industry.
Formerly the Midlands Vinegar Company and Smedley HP Foods Limited, it was acquired by Imperial Foods, a division of Imperial Group.
Lebedev Group, which owns several other design and advertising companies.
The company has recently launched the Moixa Energy brand which produces a NiMH rechargeable battery called USBCell.
Kroger's employees are mostly represented by collective bargaining agreements and many are represented by the United Food and Commercial Workers union.
The Acme Aircraft Corporation was an American aircraft manufacturer based in Rockford, Illinois, founded in 1928.
In the 1930s, there were hundreds of dairy cooperatives founded in Quebec due to economic crisis.
Shōnen Gahōsha is a Japanese publisher named for Shōnen Gaho, one of its first magazines.
The channel's news coverage has won awards from the Royal Television Society, Emmy Awards and BAFTAs.
The company has three U.S. patents and eight Origins Awards.
Zehrs stores have been known in Ontario by three distinct names: Zehrs Markets, Zehrs Food Plus and Zehrs Greatfood.
Hardwarehouse was a former chain of hardware stores, with stores located in Australia and New Zealand.
The acronym SINTEF means "The Foundation for Scientific and Industrial Research".
The bank's head office is at 3 Lochside Avenue, Edinburgh EH12 9DJ, and it runs operations from various locations across the UK.
MedcomSoft is a developer of interoperable software tools for the ambulatory care environment.
The company had strategic relationships with GlaxoSmithKline, Schering-Plough, and Sanofi-Aventis.
'ASA was a Norwegian shipping company, and one of the world's largest.
Tembec has approximately 6000 employees located in Canada, United States, and France.
Valrhona's products are generally used in high-end restaurants.
Its headquarters are in Vaughan, Ontario in the Greater Toronto Area.
The business has gone through numerous mergers and divisions, having expanded significantly under its former AURELIUS from 2012 to 2017.
It owned four television channels, a multimedia distribution company, and a school for continuing education and personal growth.
Its generation subsidiaries control more than 23,000 megawatts of capacity, and its distribution lines span over 194,000 miles.
2013 will be the first year of three years that the event will be hosted in Raleigh, North Carolina.
Prior to March 30, 2007, the company was known as Equity Broadcasting, a name later used for its broadcast station subsidiary.
Solutia was bought by Eastman Chemical Company in 2012 for $4.8 billion.
Among the company's major customers are the Israel Defense Forces, the United States Army and NATO countries.
The studio is also known for the Formula One series of licensed racing games, and the Colony Wars series released on the original PlayStation.
It also manufactures diesel engines for heavy vehicles as well as marine and general industrial applications.
Its powers were inherited from those bodies.
Today's Mivar TVs are all made in Italy.
Aoyama Harp is a Japanese manufacturer of pedal harps and folk harps.
Anglo American has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
The Datsun name is internationally well known for the 510, Fairlady roadsters, the Fairlady S130 280ZX coupes, and recently, the Go hatchback.
In 2017 the company opened the Pabst Milwaukee Brewery, a brewpub that brews relatively small batches of different craft-type beers.
Aramex is listed on the Dubai Financial Market.
The company initially grew quickly through a number of mergers and acquisitions, which reflects in the complex history and large diversity of holdings.
The Company employs approximately 9,000 people, maintains relationships with over 18,000 suppliers, and serves over 100,000 customers worldwide.
Following the release of Grand Theft Auto 2, Gremlin was acquired by Infogrames.
After the agreement ended in 2007, the company created its own TNA World Heavyweight and TNA World Tag Team championships.
RockTenn was an American paper and packaging manufacturer based in Norcross, Georgia.
Nufarm is listed on the Australian Stock Exchange and its head office is located at Laverton in Melbourne.
Iron Crown Enterprises has produced role playing, board, miniature, and collectible card games since 1980.
The target customer is low-to-average income consumers.
The project entails the construction of a demonstration power plant at Koeberg near Cape Town and a fuel plant at Pelindaba near Pretoria.
In November 2008, however, the union lost an NLRB-supervised vote to establish a branch.
On 7 November 1987, MRTC started services on Singapore's first MRT section, consisting of five stations from Yio Chu Kang to Toa Payoh.
Its main assets are the two ferry companies MRF and Fylkesbaatane, which service the rugged and numerous fjords of Møre og Romsdal and Sogn og Fjordane.
It was also awarded another Emmy® in 2009 for Pioneering Development of MPEG-4 AVC systems for HDTV.
and the portal closed on 30 September 2014.
SUSE continues to operate as an independent business unit.
Later on, Caldera International changed its name to "SCO" and then to "The SCO Group" to reflect that change in focus.
Roxio, an American software company, specializes in developing consumer digital media products.
Prior to its merger with Sirius, XM was the largest satellite radio company in the United States.
Conoco Inc. was an American oil company founded in 1875 as the Continental Oil and Transportation Company.
Since its acquisition of rival Wenger in 2005, it has become the sole supplier of multi-purpose knives to the Swiss army.
In 2008, the Fight Network began airing Pancrase events in Canada and the U.K.
The operator was the first mobile network operator in Ukraine to introduce EDGE technology that offers high speed data transfer.
The car was first revealed to the public on 26 July 2016, and homologation is set to begin some time in 2018.
The company has made strings since 1875, when Pierre Babolat created the first strings made of natural gut.
Deliveries are made at least once every day except Sundays and bank holidays at uniform charges for all UK destinations.
In 2006, Bernard L. Schwartz retired after leading the company for many years.
Verizon Communications became sole owner in 2014 by buying Vodafone's 45-percent stake in the company.
After completing the acquisition of Walmart's operations in Central America in January 2010, Walmart Mexico changed its name to Walmart de Mexico y Centroamérica.
KFHP is one of the largest not-for-profit organizations in the United States.
This is an article about the U.S. animation studio.
NewPage had facilities in Wisconsin, Minnesota, Michigan, Kentucky, Maryland and Maine.
Swisscom AG is a major telecommunications provider in Switzerland.
It is listed on the London Stock Exchange.
With more than 2,000 locations, Chipotle had a net income of US$475.6 million and a staff of more than 45,000 employees in 2015.
Kangol is a British clothing company famous for its headwear.
Hard Rock Cafe Inc. is a chain of theme restaurants founded in 1971 by Isaac Tigrett and Peter Morton in London.
TEAC was founded in 1953 as the Tokyo Electro Acoustic Company.
It was formed to advance the knowledge of numismatics along educational, historical, and scientific lines, as well as enhance interest in the hobby.
It is major share holder in another group company Reliance Power
The net worth of Virgin Group was estimated at £5–5.5 billion as of November 2014.
Nokia also entered virtual reality and digital health.
In 2015 Hooters announced that it is planning to open more than 30 restaurants in Southeast Asia over the next six years.
MOL's revenue was equal to one fifth of Hungary's GDP at the time.
Messerschmitt-Bölkow-Blohm was a German aerospace manufacturer formed as the result of several mergers in the late 1960s.
Later, in October 2014, the entire Attachmate Group, including SUSE, was acquired by the British firm Micro Focus International.
Hohenberg Bros. Co. is a cotton trading company with headquarters in Memphis, Tennessee.
Wintershall, a consortium of KKR & Co. and Kufpec, and an investment company L1 Energy of Mikhail Fridman made their bids.
It was founded as a joint venture between Wei Yen and Nintendo in 2002.
As at December 2015 it employed 55,000 people and operated 2.2 billion passenger journeys annually.
Following a takeover by the HMV Group in 2006, the chain was merged into the Waterstone's brand.
Imperial Brands plc, formerly Imperial Tobacco Group plc is a British multinational tobacco company headquartered in Bristol, United Kingdom.
The chain is owned by American Blue Ribbon Holdings.
is a Canadian cable television provider, operating in Regina, Saskatchewan and several other communities in Saskatchewan.
Barr Pharmaceuticals was a global specialty pharmaceutical company that operated in more than 30 countries worldwide.
BT controls a number of large subsidiaries.
The stables' two-year-old star colt Jet Pilot survived as he had been shipped to another racetrack.
Iranian Aluminium Company‏‎‎) is an Iranian aluminium manufacturing company.
AEC was a British vehicle manufacturer which built buses, motorcoaches and lorries from 1912 until 1979.
CHC has capabilities in precision flying techniques and technical support.
In France it claims to be leading with 3 Suisses which is owned for 51% by Otto.
Ebisu is the name of the Japanese folk god of money who is usually portrayed with a fishing rod.
The headquarters are located in Brussels at the Muntcenter.
Kmart is an American big box department store chain headquartered in Hoffman Estates, Illinois, United States.
Merrow built a knitting mill on the same site.
HQM Sachsenring GmbH is a Zwickau-based company that supplies chassis and body parts to the automotive industry.
Electro-Harmonix is a New York-based company that makes high-end electronic audio processors and sells rebranded vacuum tubes.
In 1982, its ads proclaimed that it had "140 locations, coast to coast".
The most notable ministry is the Bible Gateway, an online Bible in several translations and languages, which was acquired by Zondervan in 2007.
Under CEO Anthony Caputo, ATS has begun growing both organically and through acquisition.
Omidyar Network was founded on the fundamental belief that every person has the power to make a difference.
Whitbread PLC is a multinational hotel, coffee shop and restaurant company headquartered in Houghton Regis, United Kingdom.
MIMOS' applied research efforts are focused on developing technology platforms upon which local industries can build products for the world market.
Zenith was an early partner with Microsoft, licensing all Microsoft languages for the Heath/Zenith 8-bit computers.
It mainly operates as a franchise(except stores outside Australia), with the main brand and all company-operated stores owned by ASX-listed Harvey Norman Holdings Limited.
Altran operates primarily in high technology and innovation consultancy, which account for nearly 75% of its turnover.
On January 25, 2006, Sony announced that it had acquired Zipper Interactive to add it to its group of development studios.
Heralds of the College accompany the sovereign on many of these occasions.
It is the largest provider of private healthcare in both South Africa and at one stage in the United Kingdom.
The company name, "Gengo," comes from the Japanese word for "language."
Upon acquiring the Cray Research division of Silicon Graphics in 2000, the company was renamed to Cray Inc.
United Space Alliance is a spaceflight operations company.
The company is a subsidiary of the French Groupe Renault.
Programming merger took effect on 1 December 1990.
Dentsu is currently the 5th largest advertising agency network in the world in terms of worldwide revenues.
The resulting IPO of Agilent stock was the largest in the history of Silicon Valley at the time.
Aside from its corporate office in Toronto, Harry Winston also has a rough diamond sorting facility in Toronto and a marketing office in Antwerp, Belgium.
The primary purpose of DigiCube was to market and distribute Square products, most notably video games and related merchandise, including toys, books, and music soundtracks.
Since 1995, Bath Iron Works has been a subsidiary of General Dynamics, the fifth-largest defense contractor in the world.
Since November 2010, SSL International has been a part of Reckitt Benckiser.
In September 2016, it was announced that Yogesh Gupta would be named president and CEO, replacing Phil Pead.
Hays plc is a leading British company providing recruitment and human resources services across 33 countries globally.
It is involved in city projects which consist of the creation of entire cities in the area upcountry from Bangkok.
For both artistic and fiscal reasons, when producing the TV series The White Queen, Company Pictures entered into collaboration with a Flemish production house.
The Cerruti house offers three lines, each for men and women: Cerruti, Cerruti 1881 and 18CRR81.
Petroglyph Games is a video game publisher and video game developer based in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States.
RaLink should not to be confused with Realtek, a manufacturer network communications products that is also based in Taiwan.
On March 20, 2016, Sherwin-Williams announced the acquisition of Valspar for approximately $9 billion.
The word 修斗 can be translated as "learn combat".
Alliance Boots pharmaceutical wholesale division serves over 180,000 pharmacies, doctors, hospitals and health centres from over 370 distribution centres in 20 countries.
It also competes with wild Atlantic salmon from countries such as Denmark and Norway.
B-CAS is a vendor and operator of the ISDB CAS system in Japan.
It was formed in the late 1990s when the Memorial and Hermann systems joined.
Established in 1953, it is the oldest steel making company in Korea.
Since 1999 it has been part of the Louis Vuitton Moët Hennessy group.
It was acquired by Colt Defense on May 20, 2005, in an $18.2 million purchase from parent company Héroux-Devtek Inc, which had purchased Diemaco in 2000.
Skin Food is a South Korean skincare and cosmetics manufacturer and retailer, headquartered in Seoul.
NPCIL was the sole body responsible for constructing and operating India's commercial nuclear power plants till setting up of BHAVINI in October 2003.
James Digby Yarlet Collier FRS FREng is a microelectronics engineer and Chief Technology Officer of Neul Limited.
Foster's wine business was split into a separate company, Treasury Wine Estates, in May 2011.
The company is best known to the consumer public as a large manufacturer of vending machines.
Others have attributed a cookie-cutter aesthetic to the label, mostly in terms of the masks/costumes worn by a number of the bands.
It was a major contributor to the Australian information technology industry through its research, projects with industry, support for training and education.
Muskoka Brewery is a craft brewing company founded in June, 1996 as a very small operation by Gary McMullen and Kirk Evans.
Swedish Minister of Foreign Affairs Anna Lindh was stabbed in the NK Stockholm store on September 10, 2003.
Plum Creek Timber produces a line of softwood lumber products, including common and select boards, studs, edge-glued boards, and finger-jointed studs.
The Indian factory team took the first three places in the 1911 Isle of Man Tourist Trophy.
The company is the operator or franchisor for 83 Big Boy restaurants in the United States.
Without Disney spearheading the construction, the company created a resort similar to Disneyland, abandoning experimental concepts for a planned community.
It was acquired by Kaman Music Corporation in 1988, which was purchased in turn by Fender Musical Instruments Corporation in 2008.
Founded in October 2002, Next Level Games specializes in creating console video games.
As a large developed company, it is consistently placed in the list of Fortune 500 companies.
In India the brand is owned by Dunlop India Ltd. whose parent company is the Ruia Group,.
In 2007, GarageGames was acquired by IAC and the company was renamed TorquePowered.
In 2000, the studio was bought by a consortium including advertising executive and art collector Charles Saatchi and publishing millionaires Neil Mendoza and William Sieghart.
The Foreign Policy Association is a non-profit organization founded in 1918 dedicated to inspiring the American public to learn more about the world.
The project involves digging a 44.9-nautical-mile long deepwater channel linking the shallow Palk Strait with the Gulf of Mannar.
The mainstay of Herpa Wings is in the 1:500 scale, while model airliners are also produced in the 1:400, 1:200, 1:1000, and 1:160 scales.
State enterprise of a special instrumentation Arsenal, also known as Arsenal Factory, is one of the oldest and most famous factories in Kiev.
Michigan Bell is still the legal entity that provides telecommunications services in Michigan under the AT&T name.
Slim Devices was featured in the December 2006 issue of Fast Company magazine.
According to the registration record, the servicemark was not an acronym: the letters stood for nothing at all.
Other members of the Board of Management included Bernard Bot, Marie-Christine Lombard and Harry Koorstra.
The sale of Finlandia to Brown-Forman Corporation is part of a broader privatization program to reduce Finland's government ownership of state-enterprise.
The brewery is the oldest independent brewery in Texas.
Health Net, Inc. is an American health care insurance provider.
PPG Industries, Inc. is an American Fortune 500 company and global supplier of paints, coatings, specialty materials, and fiberglass.
The banner was acquired from bankrupt A&P in late 2015 by Key Food Stores Co-op, Inc., which currently operates seven of The Food Emporium stores.
By the time the company went public in 1990, when it was listed on the NASDAQ, Cisco had a market capitalization of $224 million.
Quiznos is the second-largest submarine sandwich shop chain in North America, behind Subway.
Mack Trucks is a subsidiary of AB Volvo which purchased Mack along with Renault Trucks in 2000.
The Boylan brand was registered in 1891.
The slogan came from the Carson-Roberts advertising agency in 1953.
By 1976 all that was left was 6 miles of track between Appleby in Westmorland and Flitholme.
From 1929-on, Scranton pressed Brunswick, Melotone, Perfect, Banner, Regal, Domino, Conqueror, Vocalion and other ARC labels.
Spark is one of the largest companies by value on the New Zealand Exchange.
Wealthy merchants and aristocrats owned the company's shares.
Founded in 1886, it is the largest anarchist publishing house in the country and the oldest of its kind in the English speaking world.
It has 96 stations with an average interstation distance of 1.5 km.
Before World War II it manufactured large variety of goods, including Minox - then the world's smallest camera.
Electricity is delivered through a network of 18,286 kilometers of transmission lines and 55,254 kilometers of distribution lines.
There were 160 stores across the country as of December 2016.
Comcast also has significant holdings in digital distribution, such as thePlatform, acquired in 2006.
As of 2007, XS4ALL was one of the larger ISPs in The Netherlands.
At Consumer Electronics Show 2015, Ateme has announced a partnership with Kolor and Finwe to deliver LiveSphere technology to tablets, smartphones and virtual-reality headsets.
The deal allowed Rogers to enter the residential phone business to challenge Bell Canada.
Gandini then brought the original Diablo design to Cizeta.
In 2013, the company's revenue was DKK 15.2 billion.
Vizrt is a privately owned company by Nordic Capital Fund VIII.
Armadillo Aerospace was to provide a sub-orbital rocket to fly tourists into space, while Space Adventures would sell tickets for the experience.
After the war and the founder's death in 1948, Hugo Boss started to turn its focus from uniforms to men's suits.
Hamm AG is a German worldwide manufacturer and marketer of road rollers based in Tirschenreuth, Germany.
And the environments were grittier and urban, often set in squalid surroundings—a reflection of the Depression as well as German Expressionism.
Significant customers included Post Office Ltd, the Inland Revenue, the Department for Work and Pensions and the Ministry of Defence.
In 2013, FirstEnergy ranked 181 on the Fortune 500 list of the largest public corporations in America.
With passenger transportation options ranging from 10 seaters to 74 seaters, Ashok Leyland is a market leader in the bus segment.
It is known for its YaST configuration tool.
Aircraft Designs Inc is a US aircraft design and manufacturing firm founded in Monterey, California by Martin Hollmann in 1986.
Volkswagen, shortened to VW, is a German automaker founded on May 28, 1937 by the German Labour Front and headquartered in Wolfsburg.
Superior Coach is a former body manufacturer of the American automotive industry.
It is owned by Mövenpick Holding and the Saudi based Kingdom Group.
The company was founded after a falling-out between J. Frank Duryea and his brother Charles in 1898.
In 2015, Biomet became part of the new company Zimmer Biomet.
In 2000, the brewery merged with Bryggerigruppen, a group of Danish regional breweries.
Funimation is an American entertainment, anime, and foreign licensing company based in Flower Mound, Texas.
This is accomplished via cost-saving measures, such as consistent building architecture and bedding, and the omission of a full-service restaurant.
It sold products under the brand names Orient, Waltham, and Waltham-Orient.
Affin Bank is a wholly owned subsidiary of Armed Forces-linked Affin Holdings Berhad which is listed on the Bursa Malaysia.
Ethyl Corporation is a fuel additive company headquartered in Richmond, Virginia in the United States.
It also launched a series of commercials in 2006 to be aired during the Triple Crown races.
The company was founded in 2000 when it acquired Telia's telephone directory and online services.
The company delisted its ADR from the New York Stock Exchange in September 2007.
Meiji Dairies voluntarily recalled 400,000 cans of formula.
Its products include microcontrollers radio frequency devices including Wi-Fi, EEPROM, and flash memory devices, symmetric and asymmetric security chips, touch sensors and controllers, and application-specific products.
Atlus Co., Ltd. is a Japanese video game developer, publisher and distribution company based in Tokyo, and a subsidiary of Sega.
Gospel Communications International was a non-profit Christian organization and the founder and parent organization of several Christian websites based in Muskegon, Michigan.
Raj Vattikuti founded Covansys in 1985, originally named Complete Business Solutions, Inc., with five employees.
The company started in radio and expanded into digital media toward the end of the 2000s, starting with the acquisition of the MOG Music Network.
Notable titles under the Malibu label included The Men in Black, Ultraforce, The Night Man and Exiles.
It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE SmallCap Index.
Extreme has faced legal charges of obscenity in the U.S.
CHC's major international operating units are based in Australia, Brazil, Ireland, the Netherlands, Norway, and the United Kingdom.
The acquisition closed on September 21, 2007.
It was founded in 2000 and claims to be the first trust bank in Japan to be exclusively engaged in asset administration business.
Nicholson and Arkoff formed ARC in 1954; their first release was the 1955 The Fast and the Furious.
Jardine Airport Services Limited trading as Jardine Aviation Services and JASG, formed in 1988 as a joint venture of Jardine Matheson Group and Air China Group).
The Keisei Electric Railway Co., Ltd. is a major private railway in Chiba Prefecture and Tokyo, Japan.
The company currently operates 210 locations worldwide and has 18,000,000 square feet of warehouse capacity.
State Farm is ranked 44th in the 2013 Fortune 500, which lists American companies by revenue.
In 1997, Raven made an exclusive publishing deal with Activision and was subsequently acquired by them.
A journey along the entirety of the longest route, the 47 km from Naples to Sorrento, takes about one hour.
In addition to PartyPoker.com, PartyPoker also offers dedicated networks for French and Italian based players via PartyPoker.fr and PartyPoker.it, respectively.
Binatone was started in the United Kingdom in 1958 to import and distribute consumer electronics by two brothers, Gulu Lalvani and Partap Lalvani.
Denny's is a full-service pancake house/coffee shop/fast casual family restaurant chain.
Its headquarters are located at Worblaufen near Bern.
Founded in 1990, their first mission was the failed 1993 Mars Observer for which they developed and operated the Mars Observer Camera Ground Data System.
Ncell was the first private company to operate public GSM services in Nepal, initially under Mero Mobile brand, re-branded to Ncell on 12 March 2010.
Founded in 1962 by Pierre Fabre, the company is present in over 130 countries.
Glanbia products are sold or distributed in over 130 countries.
AEBN then purchased Falcon Studios in 2010.
Amstrad was once a FTSE 100 Index constituent but since 2007 is wholly owned by BSkyB.
BDO Unibank is also a member of SM Group owned by Henry Sy.
The company's largest subsidiary retains the old PSE&G name.
It is the only Latin American company to appear in the US list of the top 25 global research organizations.
Warner Bros. is a member of the Motion Picture Association of America.
The first gasoline automobiles to be fully manufactured by Studebaker were marketed in August 1912.
It was broken up and ceased to exist after the 1990s other than as a brand.
On 29 September 2011 Stirling Energy Systems filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy, due to falling PV prices caused by subsidized Chinese Photo Voltaic [1]
Typical engines include OS 18 CV-R and OS 30VG.
Experian is a partner in the UK government's Verify ID system and USPD Address Validation.
On September 6, 2016, Johnson Controls and Tyco completed a merger.
The main shareholder is Itochu with a stake of 37.66%.
The American Institute in Taiwan is a non-profit organization established under the auspices of the United States government to serve its interests in Taiwan.
Valrhona's products are provided as pillow chocolates on cruise ships, as well as being used in cruise ship cuisine.
The company develops technology for making renewable cellulosic biofuels from agricultural residues and other organic wastes.
The company continues to operate the Australian version of iHeartRadio.
The MastCam is the main camera on board taking still and motion images of the surroundings.
In May 1983 Digital Research announced that it would offer PC DOS versions of all of its languages and utilities.
McGraw Hill Financial purchased it from James David Power III in April 2005.
According to Media Metrix, the Artistdirect Network averages 12.4 million uniques.
Telcordia Technologies, Inc., doing business as iconectiv, is an American subsidiary of the Swedish telecommunications company Ericsson.
Roman Polanski claims Barrandov is the world's best studio.
It was previously owned by businessmen and historic racing enthusiasts Bill Hemming and Nick Kovatch who purchased it in 1998.
Forming half of the Lincoln-Mercury Division, the brand was intended to bridge the price gap between the Ford and Lincoln vehicle lines.
Mike Dwyer was a partner in Kingston.
Plextor is a Taiwanese brand best known for its optical disc recorders and SSDs.
Bell-owned Virgin Mobile Canada as well as Loblaws prepaid PC Telecom, operate as MVNOs on the Bell Mobility network.
Despite containing profitable marques such as Jaguar, Rover and Land Rover, as well as the best-selling Mini, British Leyland had a troubled history.
The British Hovercraft Corporation was responsible for the largest Union Flag in the world.
The program was created in 1995 in order to support the Stockpile Stewardship Program.
The monastery also makes four varieties of cheese.
Most new cinema construction uses the Regal Cinemas name, although Regal has built new Edwards locations in California and Idaho.
The idea for the division's name came from the Black Isle in Scotland - founder Feargus Urquhart's ancestral country.
The Crouch Vale Brewery is an independent brewery based in South Woodham Ferrers, Essex, England.
Originally called TOA Medical Electronics, the Sysmex brand was established in 1978, and were mainly involved with haematology analysers.
Some of its staff has helped in the preliminary development of Nintendo's Wii title Super Smash Bros. Brawl.
Since 1970 General Host has been under the direction of Harris J. Ashton, the company's president, chairperson, and chief executive officer.
They featured a mini-mall, food court, arcade, bank, and other kiosk operations.
There will be no shareholders, no stock options will be issued and no dividends will be paid.
As of February 2013, however, the website is completely offline.
CEMIG is present in 22 Brazilian States and in Chile.
Originally, the company was known as Walt Disney Outdoor Recreation Division and later as Walt Disney Attractions.
Aiwa, registered as Aiwa Corp., is a consumer electronics company owned by Chicago-based Joe Born since 2015.
Schneider phased out the "Invensys" name in favour of its own.
William Low was a chain of supermarkets based in Dundee, Scotland, until it was bought out by Tesco for £257m in 1994.
Brooks is the main sponsor of the Hansons-Brooks Distance Project and was also the exclusive uniforms provider of the Chile national football team.
In the past, the owners' names appeared on the banner; however, all stores are now simply called 'Food Basics'.
Koelnmesse GmbH is the name of the international trade fair and exhibition center located in Cologne, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Originally ARN was a joint venture of Australian media conglomerate APN News & Media and United States radio company iHeartMedia.
It is managed by new owners Chris Hall and Lori Baker, formerly managed by Holly and Paul McNally.
In 2012, the company manufactured almost 650,000 vehicles, the 8th-largest production of any Chinese vehicle maker that year.
Robert H. Reny opened his first store in Damariscotta, Maine.
They aim to develop simple, yet robust technology to be the lowest-cost launch provider in the commercial space industry.
As a political party, it formed the government of Alberta from 1921 to 1935.
It is among the world's largest defence companies; it was ranked as the third-largest based on applicable 2015 revenues.
Remington Arms Company, LLC is an American manufacturer of firearms and ammunition in the United States.
In particular it is the world's largest producer of aspartame, with a 40% global market share.
In 1992, Price Club earned $134.1 million on $6.6 billion in revenue from 94 locations.
Skoal was first produced by USSTC in 1934.
The revived studio released the mobile game DomiNations on Android and iOS in April 2015.
It is one of the leading producers of gastronomic chocolate in the world.
NTN Buzztime is a company that produces interactive entertainment across many different platforms.
Avibras also manufactures civilian transportation through a division called Tectran, telecommunications equipment, electronic industrial equipment, automotive painting and explosives.
Nitto Denko is a member of the Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group keiretsu.
Beyerdynamic GmbH & Co. KG is a German audio equipment manufacturer, which produces microphones, headphones, wireless audio systems and conference systems.
Syntel, Inc. is a U.S.-based multinational provider of integrated technology and business services.
Today, MTV remains Viacom International Media Networks Europe's most widely distributed brand as of October 2008 reaching more than 218,186,000 million homes across Europe.
It was formerly called Global China Group Holdings Limited.
The Berkshire, Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire Wildlife Trust is a wildlife trust covering the counties of Berkshire, Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire in England.
The company was formed by a corporate takeover by Granada plc of Carlton Communications.
It is most famous for having developed the Amiga computer, code named Lorraine.
Diavik and Ekati combined are estimated to produce over 7 million carats of diamonds in 2014, worth an estimated $1.1 billion.
Coopers Brewery Limited, the largest Australian-owned brewery, is based in the Adelaide suburb of Regency Park.
Crown closed in March 1991 due to declining demand for school buses at the time.
Long-Term Capital Management L.P. was a hedge fund management firm based in Greenwich, Connecticut that used absolute-return trading strategies combined with high financial leverage.
In the mid-1990s, the company was one of the leading vendors of ISDN modems and concentrators.
The company's line expanded from rubber chickens to glow-in-the-dark aliens, bacon-scented air freshener, and hula-girl swizzle sticks among other items.
Metro Pictures Corporation was a former American motion picture production company founded in early 1915 and was a forerunner of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
Movie Gallery, Inc. was the second largest movie and game rental company in the United States and Canada, behind Blockbuster Video.
Magna Steyr AG & Co KG is an automobile manufacturer based in Graz, Austria, where also its primary manufacturing plant is located.
Weigel's is a convenience store chain based in Powell, Tennessee with 65 locations in the East Tennessee region.
Nvidia expanded its presence in the gaming industry with its handheld SHIELD Portable, SHIELD Tablet and SHIELD Android TV.
In July 2017, Alibaba's market cap rose to USD$389 billion.
Listed on the London Stock Exchange, it is a constituent of the FTSE SmallCap Index.
As of 2017, the company is the 22nd-largest in the United States as well as the largest pharmacy benefit management organization in the United States.
With an average of 50,000 commuters per day the Metrobus 5 bus line is the busiest in Europe.
LaCie's computer display product line is targeted specifically to graphics professionals, with an emphasis on color matching.
Nearly half a million new photos, illustrations, videos and audio files, are added each month.
The current Chairman of the Board of Directors is Rob Morrison.
With the demerger and subsequent sale of its MES division in 1999, GEC's interest in AMS passed to BAE Systems.
The firm was sold to Symantec in 1995.
The group's head office is in the Sainsbury's Store Support Centre in Holborn Circus, City of London.
It was founded in 1991 by trial lawyer H. Matthew Chambers, as an initiative seeking "enlightened design through true American inspiration."
Hess Corporation is an American global independent energy company engaged in the exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas.
The pipeline was formerly owned by the United Gas Pipe Line Company, a subsidiary of United Gas Corporation.
Bachem is a contract manufacturing organization headquartered in Bubendorf, Switzerland.
The Production Director for a number of years was Scotsman James Montgomerie, father of golfer Colin Montgomerie.
The Company is owned by the Government of Oman, the Shell Group, Total and Partex.
Schlotzsky's is a privately held franchise chain of restaurants, specializing in sandwiches.
With headquarters in Elswick, Newcastle upon Tyne, Armstrong Whitworth engaged in the construction of armaments, ships, locomotives, automobiles and aircraft.
Spoetzl Brewery is a brewery located in Shiner, Texas, U.S.
The Paris atelier was operated by Domenico's brother, Augusto, who closed his atelier when Mussolini declared war on France.
Efforts to "redevelop" the property in 1989 were derailed by community activists led by Walt Crowley; however, an attempt in 1990 to gain landmark status failed.
The Company is advancing the liquids-rich BD field offshore Indonesia, along with three additional shallow water fields.
Mister Softee is a United States-based ice cream truck franchisor popular in the Northeast.
It is the world's largest defense contractor based on revenue for fiscal year 2014.
It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Steinway Musical Instruments and was formed in 2003 after Steinway bought United Musical Instruments in 2000.
Zenith-branded products are sold in North America, Germany, Thailand, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, India and Myanmar.
1 bank in Romania on the assets value, No.
Some commercially available products under the Riceland Rice label include milled white, brown and parboiled rice, and Rice 'N Easy Flavored Rice.
was a fashion line by American singer Gwen Stefani, the lead vocalist of the rock band No Doubt.
It designed and manufactured costume jewelry using rhinestones set in gold plate, sterling, vermeil or rhodium-plated base metal.
Sonofon and Cybercity merged in 2006 to form an alliance.
The Society is a member of the National Institute of Adult Continuing Education.
Iron Lore Entertainment was a video game developer that was founded in October 2000 by Brian Sullivan and Paul Chieffo.
In 2007, Virgin Drinks sold over the rights of Virgin Cola to a company called Silver Spring Soft Drinks.
Mutual Savings' thrift operations were sold to CenFed Bank in 1993.
TVB reaches out to the Overseas Chinese communities.
Stephen J. Ross founded UST Global in 1998 in Laguna Hills.
Surface Transportation Board on December 19, 2012.
In 1998, the studio moved from Studio City, California to Burbank in celebration of a new facility, and was renamed Nickelodeon Animation Studio.
Orkla is a Norwegian conglomerate operating in the Nordic region, Eastern Europe, Asia and the US.
Chicken Lips and the World Humor Organization, Inc. are an improvisational comedy company which operate not only in Denver, Colorado, but across the US.
CMI took great measures to keep Gibson and Epiphone separate in different buildings each with its own management team.
Testing and demonstrations of the system are also underway in China, Colombia, Germany, Indonesia, Jamaica, New Zealand, Poland, Switzerland, Thailand, and Ukraine, among other countries.
In 2013, lenders purchased more than 10 billion FICO scores and about 30 million American consumers accessed their scores themselves.
Sina was recognized by Southern Weekend as the "China's Media of the Year" in 2003.
Brit is an international general insurance and reinsurance group specialising in commercial insurance.
It is currently the catalog division for the Warner Elektra Atlantic.
It is best known for the creation and production of the comedy/sci-fi television program Mystery Science Theater 3000, a.k.a.
Illinois Bell Telephone Company is the name of the Bell Operating Company serving Illinois.
In early 2012, it was reported that BDO has been expanding in China rapidly.
Their main product was a search engine that claimed to use artificial intelligence to better understand searches.
TPCA is the company former French president Nicolas Sarkozy had in mind in his televised attack on free trade.
Since 2008, it has been a wholly owned subsidiary of Anheuser-Busch InBev which also has its North American regional management headquarters in St. Louis.
TI produced the world's first commercial silicon transistor in 1950, and designed and manufactured the first transistor radio in 1954.
Its most notable titles include Law & Order: Criminal Intent and Lego Island.
GECAS has a fleet of 1970 aircraft, used by 270 clients.
McDonnell Douglas was a major American aerospace manufacturing corporation and defense contractor formed by the merger of McDonnell Aircraft and the Douglas Aircraft Company in 1967.
Like other manufacturers, Gottlieb first made mechanical pinball machines, including the first successful coin-operated pinball machine Baffle Ball in 1930.
Formed in 1948, the group has its origins as the public transport operator for the city of Paris.
It became a subsidiary of Arch Coal, Inc in 2011.
The successful campaign was the first commodity brand.
Optum is a healthcare service arm of UnitedHealth Group and the largest healthcare IT company in the world by revenue.
... [T]his was the sole purpose of setting up Elixir and something we could never compromise on."
Producers Releasing Corporation was one of the less prestigious film studios of Hollywood that made up what became known as Poverty Row, and lasted from 1939–47.
It was affiliated with the National Wrestling Alliance at various points in its history.
The name is a portmanteau of the founders' surnames, Ko(skull) + Sta(el).
This interface is also what allows a guest to charge their restaurant bill to their guest room bill.
The line is 3 ft narrow gauge and 15.3 miles long.
Macquarie Infrastructure Corporation LLC owns, operates and invests in a diversified group of infrastructure businesses.
In October, 2013, Colonial merged with MAA.
The company was formed in 1997 as a joint venture between British Telecommunications and Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
Bob Yarmuth purchased the company in 1991 and continues as the company’s owner and CEO today.
MTG was formed out of the media holdings of investment company Kinnevik, which in 1997 was distributed to the company stockholders.
The utility lost all of its natural gas-fired plants, which provided most of its electrical generation.
Namiki is most famous for their maki-e designs on urushi.
Acquired by Amazon.com in 2011, the service had reached 2 million subscribers.
They are perhaps best known for creating Micro Machines and distributing the Game Genie in the United States.
The company conducts surveys of customer satisfaction, product quality, and buyer behavior for industries ranging from cars to marketing and advertising firms.
In April 2003, Running With Scissors released a sequel, Postal 2, featuring ex-child actor Gary Coleman.
It was established in 1999 by developers from companies such as 3D Realms and Bethesda Softworks, with one of the founders, Randy Pitchford, as CEO.
28% of the employees worldwide are women.
The company has won 25 Karting World Championships.
Since 1964, COSI has engaged with nearly 30 million unique visitors through on-site and outreach programs.
The state of Lower Saxony holds 12.7% of the company's shares, granting it 20% of the voting rights.
MHI is one of the core companies of the Mitsubishi Group.
Around 1957, that organization was replaced by The International Graphoanalysis Society, which was run by V. Peter Ferrara.
The name Moleskine does not have an official pronunciation in any other language except Italian.
Alcon's American headquarters are located in Fort Worth, Texas.
Ryohin Keikaku Co., Ltd., or Muji is a Japanese retail company which sells a wide variety of household and consumer goods.
During World War II, it produced tank landing ships for the United States Navy.
iStock is an online royalty free, international micro stock photography provider based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
Warburg Pincus invests in the information and communication technology sectors, including investments in Avaya, Bharti Tele-Ventures, Harbour Networks, NeuStar, PayScale, CleanMax Solar and Telcordia.
Currently about 1.3 million people are subscribers to the service.
Its Jongno branch is located in the Gwangtonggwan, the oldest continuously-operating bank building in Korea.
Because of the very small market for cars in the country, Pyeonghwa's output is reportedly very low.
It was established in 1973 as Irish Intercontinental Bank.
3Xtrim has concentrated on the design and production of the 3X55 and 3X47 ultralight aircraft, which first flew in prototype form in 1996.
Originally established in 1979, it has since become an international enterprise with subsidiaries in North America, Europe, and East Asia.
The company, established in 1967, began assembling Isuzu, Toyota, Nissan and Chevrolet vehicles.
The site's creative director is John Noe.
Carrozzeria Sports Cars was a niche carrozzeria in Modena, Italy, active in the 1960s.
On 18 May 2012, Nordisk Film made a multi-year deal with Lionsgate to distribute their films in Scandinavia.
On March 8, 2006, the Proffitt's and McRae's stores were converted into Belk stores.
Chiquita is the leading distributor of bananas in the United States.
Westmalle Tripel is credited with being the first golden strong pale ale to use the term Tripel.
Netzone, stylized as NET:Zone, is computer game developed by Compro Games and published by GameTek in 1996 for the PC.
Gloria Jean's Coffees is a franchised specialty coffeehouse company that has opened more than 1,000 coffee houses across 39 markets worldwide, including over 460 in Australia.
The Denon brand came from a merger of Denki Onkyo and others in 1939.
Its head office is in the Distrito Telefónica in Madrid.
It was best known for its internet and television series using Adobe Flash, Maya and other software.
Gulf's former headquarters, originally referred to as "the Gulf Building", is an Art Deco skyscraper.
The company changed its name to Alco Products, Incorporated in 1955.
Nalge Nunc International is a distributor and manufacturer of plastic laboratory containers that has diversified into the field of containers for outdoor sports and packaging materials.
The company employs more than 11,000 people.
The company was traditionally based at Tamworth in Staffordshire.
Vodafone became the majority stakeholder after it brought 79% of Mobifon's shares from Canadian company Telesystems International Wireless, which had been the previous majority shareholder.
The factory produced British military rifles, muskets and swords from 1816.
Each club generally featured a Living Room, a Playmate Bar, a Dining Room, and a Club Room.
In 1957, he bought and managed Glesmann’s Pharmacy, which was located across the street from Mount Holyoke College.
HAL owns 50% of Warpstar, Inc., the production company that created the Kirby: Right Back at Ya!
Detroit Diesel has built more than 5 million engines since 1938, more than 1 million of which are still in operation worldwide.
Through more than 200 operator partners globally, millions of broadband customer use F-Secure services.
Manga's latest DVD & Blu-ray masters are encoded and provided by Madman Entertainment because of Madman's extremely large and modern DVD & Blu-ray authoring division.
The remaining stations, BBC Radio 1Xtra, 4 Extra, 5 Live Sports Extra and 6 Music, all broadcast on digital platforms only.
Chery began the production of automobiles in 1999 and their export from China in 2001.
They also serve requirements for TV contribution services, corporate networks, mobile communications, Internet backbone connectivity and broadband access for terrestrial, maritime and in-flight applications.
Aside from their core automobile and motorcycle businesses, Honda also manufactures garden equipment, marine engines, personal watercraft and power generators, and other products.
Bennett Environmental Inc. was a Canadian company based in Oakville, Ontario.
British Telecommunications was privatised in 1984, becoming British Telecommunications plc, with some 50 percent of its shares sold to investors.
The inaugural BookFest@Hong Kong was organized in 2008.
It produced a grade-based system of learning software and tools to improve productivity.
Originally a small-town manufacturer of adult work clothing, it has become best known for its children's clothing, especially bibbed overalls.
AMR filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in November 2011, and merged with US Airways Group on December 9, 2013 to form American Airlines Group, Inc.
As part of a three-year plan, Avon will also move its headquarters to the United Kingdom.
Odex also deals in anime merchandise sales.
This 65 km link across the equator connects Fuvahmulah and Gaafu Dhaalu - and therefore Gaafu Alifu atoll.
The name "RED" comes from "Royal Emperor Dragon".
The store was also frequented by screenwriters Josh Olson, Jeff Maguire, John Langley, and Danny Strong.
In 2007 Tata Steel acquired the UK-based steel maker Corus.
Their main manufacturing facilities are located in Kurashiki, Okayama.
In June 2014, Running With Scissors announced an add-on for Postal 2 entitled Paradise Lost, was released on April 17, 2015.
The Behemoth development studio is located in San Diego, California.
The broadcast meteorologists are employed by the Met Office.
People who travel in this way generally refer to themselves as Airhitchers.
After emerging from bankruptcy, the company eventually changed its name to Wang Global.
The company is focused on four business areas: care chemicals; catalysis; natural resources; and plastics & coatings.
Major competitors include Givaudan, International Flavors and Fragrances, Frutarom and Symrise.
Founded in 1920 and based in Kingsport, Tennessee, the company now has more than 40 manufacturing sites worldwide and employs approximately 15,000 people.
The food and beverage rights to the restaurant are currently owned by Wyndham Worldwide.
This partnership was also known as BellSouth Mobility, LLC.
Petroglyph company's founding members worked on Command & Conquer, Earth & Beyond and Dune II.
Cisco Systems acquired Tandberg on 19 April 2010.
Headquartered in Ivrea, in the Metropolitan City of Turin, the company has been part of the Telecom Italia Group since 2003.
SRI's annual revenue in 2014 was approximately $540 million.
In 2001, they accepted a contract by Amiga Incorporated to develop AmigaOS 4 and mainly discontinued their porting business to pursue this development.
The company was founded in 1970, and merged with Time Warner on October 10, 1996.
Fjord1 Nordvestlandske is a Norwegian transport conglomerate, formed in 2001 by the merger of Møre og Romsdal Fylkesbåtar and Fylkesbaatane i Sogn og Fjordane.
Beagle Aircraft Limited was a British light aircraft manufacturer of types such as the Airedale, Basset, Husky and Pup.
CinFin Capital Management Company provides asset management services to institutions, corporations and individuals.
In 1935, playback singing was first used in India in the Bengali film Bhagya Chakra by Nitin Bose.
It is the owner of and was the lead developer of the Kingdom Centre in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
MSC Cruises is a global cruise line that was founded in Italy, is registered in Switzerland, and has its headquarters in Geneva.
Fairchild currently operates the Cantonese channel Fairchild TV, Cantonese & Mandarin radio network Fairchild Radio, and Mandarin channel Talentvision.
Established in August 2003, its first release was 2004's Before Sunset.
With a close inner circle of developers active in installations and global field service, Komori has used over the years Windows-based systems for press console functions.
PKP Cargo is a logistics operator and a part of the PKP Group in Poland.
Star Cruises is the third largest cruise line in the world after Carnival Corporation and Royal Caribbean Cruises.
Yandex Labs is a wholly owned division of Yandex located in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Little Caesar Enterprises, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Ilitch Holdings, Inc.
PNB had 331 branches in the Philippines and 13 branches overseas as of end 2011.
The former motorcycle division became independent from the main company in 1955, forming Yamaha Motor Co., Ltd, although Yamaha Corporation is still the largest shareholder.
It is best known for creating the MacVenture series of adventure games including Shadowgate.
The Harry Needle Railroad Company is a railway spot-hire company, based at Barrow Hill Engine Shed in Derbyshire.
Komplett AS is a Norwegian e-commerce company with nine webshops in 3 countries in Scandinavia.
The company later expanded to the console market.
It is now a Micro Focus International subsidiary.
The player joins a crew to sail with other players and participates in a player-driven trading economy.
It was demerged from GEC and acquired by British Aerospace on 30 November 1999 to form BAE Systems.
By 1988, Walmart was the most profitable retailer in the U.S., and by October 1989, it had become the largest in terms of revenue.
There are two independent divisions within the company — JBL Consumer and JBL Professional.
Cinemex started with a college business plan.
In 2001 the Metis group and product was sold to Computas AS.
The company was known as the Nippon Electric Company, Limited, before rebranding in 1983 as just NEC.
UFIP, acronym for "Unione Fabbricanti Italiani Piatti", is an Italian cymbal manufacturer, based in Pistoia, Tuscany.
The company offers custom solutions in the areas of route operations, sales and distribution, merchandising and consultation, and parts and service.
The company and brand is one of the ancestor companies of the modern day Audi company as one of the four companies that formed Auto-Union.
Iglo is a frozen food brand based in the United Kingdom, with products sold across the European continent.
The company employs approximately 1,000 workers at facilities in Michigan, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, South Dakota and Texas.
Chief Executive Officer: Mr. Baman K. Mehta
It distributes independent films and documentaries under its namesake, Sundance Selects and IFC Midnight brands.
From late 2001 until late 2004, Paramount Parks also managed Terra Mítica, an amusement park in Benidorm, Valencia, Spain.
On April 3, 2008, Aker Kværner was renamed Aker Solutions, partly due to the difficulty that most non-Scandinavians found in pronouncing "Kværner".
They are currently distributed on home video through Lionsgate, with Echo Bridge Home Entertainment briefly handling some as well.
Sales of power window lifter motors are on the rise.
The factory was located in Hamtramck, Michigan and was called the Dodge Main factory from 1910 until its closing in January 1980.
It has international offices in the United Kingdom, Japan, China, India, Romania and Turkey.
In 2014, after completing the acquisition of Sky Italia and Sky Deutschland, the merged company changed its name to Sky plc.
On 19 January 2011, as a part of a bigger European deal, Cinema City acquires 8 multiplexes from Palace Cinemas with 65 screens.
The Tripoli Rocketry Association is one of the two major organizing bodies for high power rocketry.
He succeeded his uncle Sir Bryan Todd when Sir Bryan died.
Since August 2011 they hold the majority stake in Medion.
It is a part of the RELX Group, known until 2015 as Reed Elsevier.
Much of General Electric's fire systems came from the acquisition of Edwards Systems Technology from SPX Corporation in May 2005.
It is headquartered in the Citigroup Center, Chicago, Illinois.
Toshiba Group is the majority owner of Westinghouse.
FJ Management Inc., formerly known as Flying J Inc., is a privately held U.S. corporation which operates convenience stores, oil & refining, banking, and insurance businesses.
Rainier Brewing Company was a Seattle, Washington, company that brewed Rainier Beer, a popular brand in the Pacific Northwest of the United States.
It has more than 24,000 employees worldwide.
Psychophysics quantitatively describes the relationships between the physical qualities of the sensory input and perception.
The extended services serve nine stops within Greater Oslo and take up to 60 minutes.
Ynet was launched in June 2000 in Hebrew only, and in 2004 launched its English edition, Ynetnews.
Yokogawa pioneered the development of distributed control systems and introduced its Centum series DCS in 1975.
The company currently produces a range of commercially available products, most notably the Hepatitis C drugs: Harvoni and Sovaldi.
Despite its relatively small market share, ATV received numerous awards for its programmes.
This resulted in the re-branding of the stores with the current logo.
The use of both GSM and CDMA reflects the fact that the Unicel service area has been assembled through the acquisitions of other wireless carriers.
In 2007, the CEO, William Doyle was by far the highest earning CEO in Canada, earning over $320 million.
Arizona also distributes packed trays of tortilla chip products, consisting of "Nachos 'n' Cheese" and "Salsa 'n' Chips".
George Kellgren is the owner and Chief Engineer.
Lola was acquired by Martin Birrane in 1998 after the unsuccessful MasterCard Lola attempt at Formula One.
Mitsubishi controlled 26.2% of the investment as of March 2013.
It designs, manufactures and distributes passenger and commercial vehicles, motorcycles, engines, and turbomachinery and offers related services including financing, leasing and fleet management.
In April 1919 the company was renamed Sopwith Aviation & Engineering Company Limited.
Fastline was created by six railwaymen who undertook a successful management buyout of Eastern Track Renewals from British Rail in 1996.
Milestone affiliates, State Farm Mutual Automotive Insurance Company, Megasoft Inc., Caterpillar Inc. and NCR Corporation.
BG Group plc was a British multinational oil and gas company headquartered in Reading, United Kingdom.
Various artists use Gibraltar hardware on their drums, including Lamb of God's Chris Adler and Luis Conte.
By January 2009, Network Solutions managed more than 6.6 million domain names.
The subscription service is, in turn, divided into advertising-supported and mostly ad-free tiers.
Hisense has 13 manufacturing facilities in China and several outside of China, namely in Hungary, South Africa, Egypt, Algeria, France and Mexico.
The name Hyder is the Welsh word for "confidence".
Gazprom was created in 1989 when the Soviet Ministry of Gas Industry was converted to a corporation, retaining all of its assets.
The Yokohama Rubber Company, Limited is a tire company based in Tokyo, Japan.
Commonwealth Edison, commonly known as ComEd, is the largest electric utility in Illinois, serving the Chicago and Northern Illinois area.
Waltham Manufacturing Company was a manufacturer of bicycles, motorcycles, motorized tricycles and quadricycles, buckboards, and automobiles in Waltham, Massachusetts.
The company is headquartered in two skyscrapers in The Woodlands, Texas: the Allison Tower and the Hackett Tower, both named after former CEOs of the company.
Chittaranjan Locomotive Works is a state-owned electric locomotive manufacturer based in India.
In June 1985, SITEL became the first publicly traded, independent teleservices company and was listed on the NASDAQ through an initial public offering.
Wide Eye Media is the main cinema advertising company in Ireland.
The company uses the initials JRF as an abbreviated name for identification.
Element Six is organized into two primary commercial divisions – Abrasives and Technologies.
Spiderweb Software is a small indie video game developer founded in 1994 by Jeff Vogel in Seattle, Washington.
PETRONAS, short for Petroliam Nasional Berhad, is a Malaysian oil and gas company that was founded on 17 August 1974.
In June 2009, Sesa Goa Limited acquired VS Dempo & Co.
Total sales for the company in 2009 were 7.8 billion.
ProQuest provides solutions, applications, and products for libraries.
The Jeep became the primary light 4-wheel-drive vehicle of the United States Army and the Allies during World War II, as well as the postwar period.
Eolas is a United States technology company accused of mainly acting as a patent troll and described as "The Web’s longest nightmare".
Japanese licensed distribution is roughly six times larger than the American-made J.
In the past, the company also produced a range of cooking stoves and domestic irons.
The entire line of Mack products is still produced in Macungie, Pennsylvania, with additional assembly plants in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Australia, and Venezuela.
The National Catholic Forensic League is a speech and debate league that was formed in 1951.
In 2013, the company re-formed as nonprofit organization and changed their name to Pulse Asia Research Inc.
Shanghai Tang is a Hong Kong luxury fashion house founded in 1994 by Hong Kong businessman David Tang.
In 2010, the company had worldwide sales of $7.6 billion and approximately 90 manufacturing facilities.
NC+ is a Polish digital satellite platform, owned and operated by French media company Canal+ Group.
2K Games is a publishing subsidiary of Take-Two Interactive.
On 11 December 2001, SMRT merged with TIBS Holdings.
In 1989, they purchased Käsemann/Oberaudorf, a manufacturer of glass and plastic polarizing materials.
Eurocom expanded to several other platforms including handheld game systems and most major video game consoles.
The company produced its films in either New York or Los Angeles and some times at leased facilities in Fort Lee, NJ.
The Longaberger Company is an American manufacturer and distributor of handcrafted maple wood baskets and other home and lifestyle products.
It is the second largest coffeehouse chain in the world behind Starbucks and the largest in the UK.
The building currently features a "UFO" on its facade resulting from an art program in 2000.
Transat A.T. Inc. is an international, vertically integrated tour operator with nearly 20 business units in 8 countries.
In North America, it is the Philco brand owned by Philips.
Saks, Inc., originally Proffitt's Inc. until 1998, is a Fortune 1000 operator of high-end department stores in the United States under the nameplate Saks Fifth Avenue.
As of 2012, they reportedly employ 4,900 employees.
Silvaco, Inc. is a privately owned provider of electronic design automation software and TCAD process and device simulation software.
PGM Précision is a French company manufacturing high-precision rifles for military, law enforcement and sporting usages.
The original American Revell eventually merged with Monogram.
The company also owns the brand Dynastar as well as LOOK.
Under the stewardship of Michael Serruya, CoolBrands held exclusive long-term licenses for brands including Weight Watchers, Godiva, Tropicana, Betty Crocker, Trix, Yoo hoo and Welch's.
Buffalo Rock and Grapico are sold throughout Alabama, parts of Georgia and the panhandle of Florida.
League, LEOC has been the main sponsor of pro soccer team Tokyo Verdy 1969.
The remaining part of the Countryside Agency, largely research and policy functions, became the Commission for Rural Communities.
He surprised many by selling only one type of sandwich, the recipe having been handed down by his mother.
Evektor-Aerotechnik is a Czech aircraft manufacturer based in Kunovice.
Big W is an Australian chain of discount department stores, which was founded in regional New South Wales in 1964.
Lenovo is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the Hang Seng China-Affiliated Corporations Index, often referred to as "Red Chips".
Daisy along with Valid Logic Systems and Mentor Graphics, collectively known as DMV, added front end design to the existing computer-aided design aspects of computer automation.
On September 23, 2009 HP renamed TSG to HP Enterprise Business.
Hearst Television, Inc. is a broadcasting company in the United States, owned by the New York City-based Hearst.
Its resources and tools support research and learning, publishing and dissemination, and the acquisition, management and discovery of library collections.
Nepal Doorsanchar Company Ltd., popularly known as Nepal Telecom is state owned telecommunication service provider in Nepal with 91.49% of the government share.
The company is ranked 215th on the Fortune Global 500 list of the world's biggest corporations as of 2016.
Their products include shotguns produced for Browning Arms Company and rifles licensed by Winchester Firearms.
Wolters Kluwer N.V. is a global information services company.
It was originally an energy brokerage, buying and selling natural gas supplies.
The company employs around 510 people based in Belfast and Paris.
As of July 2013, there were approximately 200,000 subscribers.
The company produced and distributed a number of low-budget horror and fantasy feature films including Trancers and The Dungeonmaster.
Its sister international division is Viacom International Media Networks.
In 2008, TomTom acquired Tele Atlas, a digital map maker, for €2.9 billion.
The Model G was introduced in 1928 with a 5.3 liter side-valve straight eight engine of 125 hp.
Slaight later also acquired CFOX in Montreal and CHOK in Sarnia, and launched CILQ in Toronto.
Deluxe Distribution is an Emrico-owned subsidiary founded in 1986 with limited partner Brian Ware in San Francisco.
BYD Auto Co., Ltd. is a Chinese automobile manufacturer based in Xi'an, Shaanxi Province, and a wholly owned subsidiary of BYD Company.
Herbert H. Franklin founded the H. H. Franklin Manufacturing Company in 1893 and, in 1901, teamed up with engineer John Wilkinson to develop an air-cooled engine.
Much of the available satellite imagery is no more than three years old and is updated on a regular basis.
Vertex was founded in 1989 by Joshua Boger and Kevin J. Kinsella.
Most former Mills facilities have a large movie theater from 10–30 screens, and a large food court.
Its grocery division is a major manufacturer of both branded and private label grocery products and includes the brands Mazola, Ovaltine, Ryvita, Jordans and Twinings.
C F Booth Ltd is a family-owned scrap metal and recycling business based in Rotherham, South Yorkshire, England.
It also has poultry production operations in Germany and Hungary.
The acronym MV stands for Meccanica Verghera, the hamlet where the first MVs were made.
Workers ratified a first labor contract in December 2006, marking the first time the company had ever reached such an agreement outside Spain.
In addition to news services, the company's products provide information related to lifestyle, career and business development.
The company is part of New Zealand Telecommunications Forum.
Tooton immigrated from Damascus, Syria in 1903 after studying photography in Paris.
It also has "Trophy Properties LLC", the "Gun Library", and World's Foremost Bank.
The company was headquartered in Harrison, New York, near White Plains, prior to the merger with Chevron.
It has been managed by a group of volunteers with the occasional luxury of some part-time administrative and fundraising support.
The company was established in the early 1990s by Coles Myer.
Orange Music Electronic Company is an English amplifier manufacturing company, famous for its distinctive sound and bright orange Tolex-like covering on amplifier heads and speaker cabinets.
The Cheyenne Refinery has a capacity of 52,000 barrels per day and the El Dorado Refinery has a capacity of 110,000 bbl/d.
Consolidated Freightways, was an American multinational LTL freight service and logistics company founded on April 1, 1929, in Portland, Oregon, and later relocated to Vancouver, Washington.
Ermenegildo Zegna is an Italian luxury fashion house that makes men's clothing and accessories.
Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. is a multinational specialty pharmaceutical company based in Laval, Quebec, Canada.
Raging Stallion Studios based in San Francisco, is a major adult film studio and one of the world's largest producers of gay pornography.
Upon V. Peter Ferrara's death, ownership of the company fell to his daughter, Kathleen Kusta.
Pamida  was a chain of department stores with more than 175 locations in 16 Midwestern and West Central U.S. states.
It was sold to McDonnell Douglas in 1984 and made a subsidiary under the name McDonnell Douglas Helicopter Systems.
The company began shipping the world’s first MIMO-OFDM chipsets in 2003.
As do other restaurants in Peru, they serve aji on the side.
Mars operates in six business segments around the world: Wm.
The railway carriages displayed a distinct burgundy-red livery with the Mitropa logo.
Among the company's many releases are Peter Jackson's 1992 film Dead Alive, which they chose to release theatrically due to Jackson's possessing a following.
It was listed on the London Stock Exchange until it was acquired by Carillion in 2008.
"Skoal" is an Anglicisation of skål, a term used sometimes in Scandinavian regions to announce a toast of friendship, with connotations of well-wishing.
Tata Steel Europe Ltd. is a steelmaking company headquartered in London, United Kingdom, with its main operations in the United Kingdom and the Netherlands.
The company has undergone many takeovers and mergers since its formation.
Also, Titan announced recently about launching a series of affordable Smartwatches under its brands like Sonata and Fastrack soon.
Telstra head office is the Telstra Corporate Centre located at 242 Exhibition Street, Melbourne, Australia.
It has since been based in Ottawa, Ontario.
The company's mascot was the video game character Gex the Gecko.
Throughout its history, Coleman has produced a wide variety of equipment primarily aimed at the camping and recreational markets.
Slumdog Millionaire is also Searchlight's largest commercial success, with over $377 million of box office receipts, against a production budget of only $15 million.
Robinson Technologies is an independent video game developer, currently located in Japan.
Confederate Motors, Inc. is an American manufacturer of exotic street motorcycles in Birmingham, Alabama.
Auchan had 639 hypermarkets and 2874 supermarkets around the world.
Nexen is a Canadian oil and gas company based in Calgary, Alberta.
The firm took its name from the Voyager space craft.
Its core business is natural gas processing and transportation, with additional petroleum and electricity generation assets.
This combination was ill fated due to high overhead with too many executives and low profits forcing IBC into receivership.
Miguel de Icaza is a Mexican programmer, best known for starting the GNOME, Mono, and Xamarin projects.
It is now part of BAE Systems Surface Ships, owned by BAE Systems, which has also operated the nearby Govan shipyard since 1999.
Since opening on 12 April 1992, the Resort has created more than 30,000 jobs in the region to the east of Paris.
The combined Eicon/Dialogic company changed its name to Dialogic Corporation at the time of the purchase.
For the Canadian grocery chain see valu-mart
The company filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2013.
OJSC "Yukos Oil Company" was an oil and gas company based in Moscow, Russia.
P Productions is a Japanese production company, which has produced anime and tokusatsu programs, with minor work in motion pictures.
Based in Boston, Massachusetts, the company is best known product is their professional-level digital audio workstation software, SONAR.
Its products have been sold throughout North America, Europe, Australia, and Asia through television, print, retail, the Internet, telemarketing, and direct sales.
The company was acquired in 2006 by Nokia.
After the purchase, the Darwen Group rebranded the company as Darwen East Lancs.
KF is a federation of consumer co-operatives in Sweden and a retail group, with groceries as its core business.
This arrangement paved the way for Xerox factories in Great Britain and a sales and distribution system that brought Xerox machines to the European market.
In the past, they have also been the US distributor for games translated by the London-based company Otaku Publishing, Ltd., such as True Love.
In 2013, Reader's Digest Association sold Time Life to Mosaic Media Investment Partners.
Venturi Automobiles is a French-founded Monegasque-based multinational automotive manufacturer that designs, manufactures, and sells luxury electric vehicles.
It changed its name to Hormel Foods in 1993.
Gumstix is an American multinational company headquartered in Redwood City, California.
Darty Limited, formerly Kesa Electricals plc and Darty plc, is a multinational electrical retailing company headquartered in London, United Kingdom.
Pharmacists, therefore, are the experts on drug therapy and are the primary health professionals who optimize use of medication for the benefit of the patients.
In August 2002 the company bought out the Tolly Cobbold brewery.
ATN operates a South Asian Radio service on XM, available in Canada and the United States.
It had factories at Rearsby in Leicestershire and Shoreham in Sussex.
It is listed on the London Stock Exchange.
Lucky is currently operated by Save Mart Supermarkets in Northern California.
An independent entity calling itself Kmart operates in Australia and New Zealand but it no longer has any relation to the American stores except in name.
It provides some of the features an OEM system has, such as Automatic Crash Response, Stolen Vehicle Tracking, Turn-by-Turn Navigation, and Roadside Assistance.
As of December 31, 2014 Warner Home Video has the distribution rights of WWE Home Video titles.
Most recently, Rushes has been Emmy nominated for its Visual Effects work on Discovery's series, Human Body: Pushing The Limits.
Goliath Artists is an American talent firm that manages mostly hip hop artists and acts, most known for being the management house of rapper Eminem.
FASA first appeared as a Traveller licensee, producing supplements for that Game Designers' Workshop role-playing game, especially the work of the Keith Brothers.
To date, TI has more than 43,000 patents worldwide.
Hertz is the second largest U.S. car rental company by sales, locations, and fleet size.
ATS employs approximately 3800 people worldwide, with more than 2.5 million ft² of manufacturing space in 51 manufacturing facilities across North America, Europe and Asia.
Although he is no longer involved with its day-to-day management, the company remains under Trump's ownership.
The machines came in both 32KB and 64KB versions.
Emerson has approximately 111,000 employees and 205 manufacturing locations worldwide.
The organization was founded as the Stanford Research Institute.
Subsequent political manoeuvrings led to the downfall of NVT, as taxpayer-assisted wranglings over amalgamations and sell-offs all but killed the once extensive UK motorcycle industry.
The company specializes in creating applications and business solutions that work with large-scale networks such as cell phones and the Internet.
Baker's Dozen Donut Corporation is a doughnut store operator in the Canadian province of Ontario.
Best known for small, piston-powered aircraft, Cessna also produces business jets.
The following months the company accused the separatists Donetsk People's Republic of setting up its own mobile network operator using these base stations.
By the 1950s, the company would operate a small television network in the eastern Midwest.
Lightolier is also known for its advanced reflector designs, and was the first lighting company to introduce digital lighting systems in the early 1990s.
Kettler is a German company based in Ense-Parsit, with locations all around the world.
The company was acquired by GT Interactive in 1998 and began changing their focus to action games.
Sealed Air Corporation is a packaging company known for its brands: Cryovac food packaging, Bubble Wrap cushioning, and Diversey cleaning and hygiene.
Analysis Group, Inc., founded in 1981 by economists Bruce E. Stangle and Michael F. Koehn, is an economic consulting firm based in North America.
The company mines iron ore at Kiruna and at Malmberget in northern Sweden.
Its founder and chairman is Terry Gou.
Most decisions for each of the regional store companies were made by management at the local headquarters and not by the holding company in St. Louis.
Inclusion of a substance in a pharmacopoeia does not indicate that it is either safe or effective for the treatment of any disease.
On 27 October 2008, the 30th anniversary of KBC's full ownership, the bank was renamed KBC Bank Ireland plc.
In 1984, United Western Recorders was succeeded by and renamed to Ocean Way Recording.
It was granted a Telecommunications licence, and took control of Roebuck Resources, a listed speculative mining investment company, by reverse takeover.
Valio Ltd is a Finnish manufacturer of dairy products and one of the largest companies in Finland.
Space related activities are conducted within KDS itself in addition to its subsidiaries, Kongsberg Spacetec and Kongsberg Satellite Services, both located in Tromsø.
When foreign ownership restrictions on telecommunications companies were introduced, GTE's ownership was grandfathered.
Celebrity Cruises is a premium cruise line which was founded in 1988 by the Greece-based Chandris Group.
JDA Software acquired the firm in July 2006.
MOL Group, commonly known as MOL, is a Hungarian multinational oil and gas company headquartered in Budapest, Hungary.
In 2014, 47.1 million passengers used Manchester Airports Group
Immersion's technology is used in digital technology in mobile devices, automotive touchscreen and touchpads, medical training equipment, gaming consoles and other consumer electronics.
It was acquired by Omnicom Group in 1997, becoming part of the Diversified Agency Services division.
Repsol S.A. is an integrated global energy company based in Madrid, Spain.
Since the purchase by HP Hood, its offices are located at 6 Kimball Lane, Lynnfield, MA 01940.
The rights to the Rover brand were transferred along with the Jaguar Cars and Land Rover businesses, to Tata Motors in 2008.
In September 2006, the Filene's chain folded; the majority of its stores were converted to Macy's over the course of 2006-07.
Harland & Wolff Heavy Industries is a British heavy industrial company, specialising in shipbuilding and offshore construction, located in Belfast, Northern Ireland.
Designs of Cimar guitars are sometimes very similar to Hoshino Gakki's Ibanez guitar brand.
The company was supervised by State Tobacco Monopoly Administration, while the Ministry of Finance of the People's Republic of China acted as the shareholder.
In 2016 CFM delivered 1,665 CFM56 and 77 LEAP, and booked 2,677 orders : 876 CFM56 and 1,801 LEAP for US$36 billion at list price.
Firstly, commoners’ rights were being eroded through army use, including the firing of live artillery shells, and piecemeal enclosure of land around the margins.
As of October 2009, seven clients have participated in the orbital spaceflight program with Space Adventures, including one astronaut who took two separate trips to space.
Skint were the main kit sponsor for Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
It is best known for photographic film products.
In 2012, net sales were $6.9 billion, down from $8.3 billion in 2008.
Prior to its incorporation under the Corporations Act 2001, the company was previously known as Snowy Mountains Hydro-electric Authority.
KCS is also part owner of the Panama Canal Railway Company, which operates the Panama Canal Railway.
It is currently a subsidiary of investment bank B. Riley Financial.
Alesis products are designed in the United States and manufactured in China.
A renovation project is in place to bring the building back to its former glory including a new proposed rooftop destination.
Native Earth Performing Arts is a Canadian theatre company located in Toronto.
The oldest entry dates back to 1895.
Ericsson is the driving force behind the company's mobile network.
BBC Radio is an operational business division and service of the British Broadcasting Corporation.
The company's principal activities are property development and investment, project management, construction, hotel operation, department store operation, finance, investment holding and infrastructure.
Based in Tokyo, Toei owns and operates thirty-four movie theaters across Japan, studios at Tokyo and Kyoto; and is a shareholder in several television companies.
It operates the following services: PSTN, ISDN, GSM 900/1800 network, ADSL, IDSL, Frame Relay, ATM and Inmarsat.
Together with Blue Star Ferries, it is a subsidiary company of Attica Group, which is listed on the Athens Stock Exchange.
ADP, LLC., is an American provider of human resources management software and services.
In 2015, the headquarters were moved to Morris Plains.
It is also active in the production of industrial robots, gas turbines, boilers and other industrial products.
The company's name is Swedish for "waterfall", and is an abbreviation of its original name, Royal Waterfall Board.
Crnogorski Telekom is the main fixed-line service provider in Montenegro.
On 17 July 2014 the company announced it would be rebranding to Wyevale Garden Centres.
Randstad is the world's second-largest HR service provider after Adecco.
In Zara stores, it can take a new garment as little as 15 days to go from design and production to store shelves.
It is also one of the largest government-owned and controlled corporations in the Philippines.
The Hungarian subsidiary, Lufthansa Systems Hungária Kft., was established in 1995 and employed 200 people as of 2005.
Based in Marshall, Minnesota, the company sells frozen foods from home delivery trucks, in grocery store freezers, by mail, and to the food service industry.
DigiCube Co., Ltd. was a Japanese company established as a subsidiary of software developer Square on February 6, 1996 and headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.
Since 2013 the production of the factory is only oriented tables and chairs.
Wells produces the Blue Bunny brand, along with 2nd St. Creamery, Bomb Pop and several private label brands.
Constellation Energy's regulated utility, Baltimore Gas and Electric Company, operated in central Maryland.
For the R.H. Stearns department store in Boston, Massachusetts, see R. H. Stearns
State Grid is the global leader in patent assignments in sustainable energy, highlighting an important trend for the organization.
Hyundai Glovis supplies ocean transportation logistics advice, cargo space, loading/unloading, and packaging services.
Jones Radio Networks & Jones Media Group were branches of Jones International before being sold to Triton Media Group.
The company also previously owned the Kwik Save chain of discount food stores.
The Société des Ateliers d'Aviation Louis Breguet also known as Breguet Aviation was a French aircraft manufacturer.
Zalman's primary competitors include Vantec, Thermaltake, Spire, Cooler Master and Arctic.
Insight was established in 2013 by Science Foundation Ireland with funding of €75m.
Glencore has also announced that they will no longer use the 'Xstrata' brand and it will be phased out.
Clément obtained consent from the Conseil d'Etat to change his name to that of his business in 1909.
Nearly 2,000 stations in the US broadcast with this system.
Laney Amplification is a British designer and manufacturer of guitar amplifiers, bass guitar amplifiers, cabinets, and public address systems.
Frost is the coating or deposit of ice that may form in humid air in cold conditions, usually overnight.
Loki Entertainment Software, Inc. was a video game developer based in Tustin, California, United States, that ported several video games from Microsoft Windows to Linux.
Paul Neary was editor in chief at the time Marvel decided to close the UK arm in 1995.
General Mills bought the company in 1971; in 1988, Spiegel bought it from General Mills.
Swingline is a division of ACCO Brands Corporation that specializes in manufacturing staplers and hole punches.
Since its founding in Vancouver, British Columbia in 1971, MEC has expanded across Canada and now operates stores in 22 cities.
BNFL's headquarters were then moved to Daresbury Park industrial estate, also near Warrington.
Shutterfly's flagship product is its photo book line.
Swiftel Ltd was a listed Australian company founded in 2000 by Christopher Gale.
The company was founded by August Krug in 1849 but acquired by Joseph Schlitz in 1858.
It was formed by the merger of Talkback Productions and Thames Television.
In 2003, Gretsch entered a business agreement with Fender Musical Instruments Corporation.
In addition, the company has expanded into wholesale and export, and real estate development/management, such as siting its stores within larger commercial centres.
The remaining stores were purchased by Trans World Entertainment which also runs FYE, Saturday Matinee, and Suncoast Motion Picture Company.
Indian naan bread, by contrast, is a yeast-leavened bread.
Longo's owns and operates 30 stores in the Greater Toronto and Hamilton Area.
Thomas Friedman profiled the company in his book, The World Is Flat.
Riceland owns and operates seven rice mills, including the largest rice mill in the world, located in Jonesboro, Arkansas.
Some of the group companies are: Laboratórios Bial, Medibial, Bialfar, Bialport, Bial Aristegui, Medimport and Medangol.
They began distributing Commodore 64 titles such as Pitfall!
Additional titles from the Altstaetter/Napton creative team are two Deity spin-offs: Catseye and Kosmic Kat as well as the fantasy genre mini-series Saint Angel.
Based out of Albany, New York, Trans World was founded in 1972 by Robert Higgins.
Valrhona relies on long-term collaborative relationships with planters and chefs.
TransAlta, on several occasions, illegally manipulated the energy market to drive up power prices.
In 1998, the Fran's Restaurant company was purchased by the owner of the College St. location.
Herpa Wings has also produced model aircraft for many of the world's international airlines, which include Singapore Airlines, Cathay Pacific and others.
However, the BBC's network production units located in Belfast, Birmingham, Bristol, Cardiff, Glasgow and Manchester also make radio programmes.
Ketchum is a global public relations firm, offering marketing, branding, and corporate communications services in the corporate, healthcare, food and beverage and technology industries.
The company was founded in Sydney in 1932, and publicly listed in 1953.
The Zimbabwean railway system was largely constructed during the time of British colonial rule and was called Rhodesia Railways until 1980.
The company changed hands a few times before it was acquired by New World Entertainment in 1989.
The group has its headquarters in Winter Park, Florida.
The company is known primarily outside of Japan for being the developers of the Armored Core and Souls series, as well as Bloodborne.
The company has 400,000 customers with the vast majority in Northern Europe.
After Yokoi's resignation in 1996, the group was led by Takehiro Izushi.
ADC Telecommunications was a communications company located in Eden Prairie, Minnesota, a southwest suburb of Minneapolis.
The company was founded on the building and design of gliders and sailplanes.
From 1991 to 2005, the company was publicly held, with stock traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol SKO.
Clayton remained in the position until March 31, 2015 when he retired leaving Ergen to resume the post.
Then, in 1996, the company Compagnie Générale Maritime merged to form the CMA CGM.
It was founded in 1997 by Karlo Starčević.
Profits returned by ALC are distributed to the provinces for their general funds.
Its subsidiary BB&T Insurance Services is one of the largest insurance brokers in the world.
It has been manufacturing aircraft using carbon fiber reinforced polymer since the 1970s.
The two acronyms were combined in 1986 and the company is now known as Eskom.
During its early years, DMA Design was backed by its publisher Psygnosis, primarily focusing on Amiga, Atari ST and Commodore 64 games.
Mega Enterprise or also MEGA, was a South Korean company that specialised in developing video games.
Mindscape published and distributed educational and lifestyle games and software.
The group is funded by member dues.
Its U.S. subsidiary markets products under the Sansui brand, among others.
It has four main business segments: Marine Systems, Combat Systems, Information Systems Technology, and Aerospace.
In a more specific, technical sense, the term refers to interbank trade in securities.
Sony finally launched the wireline MagicLink and Motorola the wireless Envoy, and AT&T launched its PersonaLink network to host the devices.
That deal closed on April 3, 2017.
Network Rail is an arms length public body of the Department for Transport with no shareholders, which reinvests its income in the railways.
Its biggest competitor in the Thai market is Big C.
Projects and Development India Limited is a company under the Department of Fertilizers owned by the Government of India.
BankBoston was a bank based in Boston, Massachusetts, which was created by the 1996 merger of Bank of Boston and BayBank.
Myspace is a social networking website offering an interactive, user-submitted network of friends, personal profiles, blogs, groups, photos, music, and videos.
Common applications include data acquisition, instrument control and machine vision.
Beasley Broadcast Group, Inc., based in Naples, Florida, is an owner/operator of radio stations in the United States.
It was founded by the Government of China in 1997 and is a state-owned corporation.
World Wide Pictures is a film distributor and production company established as a subsidiary of the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association in 1951.
Shutterfly is an American Internet-based image publishing service based in Redwood City, California.
The company was founded in 1984 by Geoff Brown in parallel to his distributor firm CentreSoft, and, like CentreSoft, became part of the Woodward Brown Holdings.
OpenText employs over 10,000 people worldwide and is a publicly traded company, listed on the NASDAQ and the Toronto Stock Exchange.
The company operates primarily through several subsidiaries, including Odyssey Re, Northbridge Financial, Crum & Forster and Zenith Insurance Company.
In 2015 a Swiss court ordered Israel to pay Iran $1.1 billion compensation, which they refused to pay.
Starting in 2007, the company started self-publishing its titles in Japan, while Nintendo took over publishing on their systems internationally.
Vauxhall has major manufacturing facilities in Luton and Ellesmere Port, UK.
Nevasa of 1956 was the final passenger ship built for BI.
The service, which has a top speed of 210 kilometres per hour, is the only high-speed rail service in Norway.
The brewery is best known for its Harpoon India Pale Ale.
However, the company has also diversified into generation of renewable energy through Solar Power Generation and Wind Power Generation.
Drägerwerk AG is a German company based in Lübeck which makes breathing and protection equipment, gas detection and analysis systems, and noninvasive patient monitoring technologies.
It is the fourth largest air navigation service provider in Europe by volume of air traffic, with around 2 million flights per year.
Associated Wholesalers, Inc. is a retailers' cooperative based in Robesonia, Pennsylvania.
Vulcan serves 19 states, the District of Columbia and Mexico.
Focus DIY was a privately owned chain of DIY stores in the United Kingdom.
The factory produced what were known as "assembled cars" until 1931, using components from other manufacturers.
AT&T GoPhone was the brand name of prepaid mobile phone service from AT&T Mobility, a wholly owned subsidiary of AT&T Inc.
Corporate offices are now located at the foot of the George Washington Bridge in Fort Lee, New Jersey.
Wolfram Research served as the mathematical consultant for the CBS television series Numb3rs, a show about the mathematical aspects of crime-solving.
SINTEF, headquartered in Trondheim, Norway, is the largest independent research organisation in Scandinavia.
It was named after the Soviet politician Vyacheslav Malyshev.
The Steam version of BattleBlock Theater was released on May 15, 2014.
Pizitz in Vestavia also became "Louis Pizitz Middle School."
The Austin Rover Group was a British motor manufacturer.
It's H share traded in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange since 15 November 2002.
Netcraft provides web server and web hosting market-share analysis, including web server and operating system detection.
It is based at 84b Whitechapel High Street in the East End of London.
SaskTel offers a wide range of communications products and services including competitive voice, data, internet, entertainment, security monitoring, messaging, cellular, wireless data and directory services.
The company originated in Plano, Texas and relocated to Houston, Texas in January, 2005.
The company's best-known product is its line of laceless, elastic-sided, ankle-length boots.
Its headquarters were in Redwood City, California in the San Francisco Bay Area.
MiTAC International Corp. spun off the Cloud Computing Business Group to the newly incorporated MiTAC Computing Technology Corporation on September 1, 2014.
One of the world's largest oil field service companies, it has operations in more than 70 countries.
The original design of the SimpleTech portable external storage product line was inspired by the Ferrari design team Pininfarina.
UTC Aerospace Systems was formed by United Technologies Corporation in August 2012 by combining two companies: Goodrich Corporation and Hamilton Sundstrand.
The latter includes: clothing, household items, electronics and electrical appliances.
For instance, it marked 1945 as its 30th anniversary.
SageTV Placeshifter allows the user to watch TV from any high speed internet connection, similar to the Slingbox.
Beamish and Crawford was a brewery in Cork, Ireland, established in 1792 by William Beamish and William Crawford on the site of an existing porter brewery.
Outerlight's first major title, The Ship, is a unique, first person multiplayer game set aboard dramatized early-1900s ocean liners.
The company also made a sporting version of the Crawford, called the Dagmar, starting in 1922.
Ibanez manufactures effects, accessories, amps, and instruments in Japan, China, Indonesia and in the USA.
In 1977, Hawker Siddeley became a founding component of the nationalised British Aerospace.
Epyx, Inc. was a video game developer and publisher active in the late 1970s and 1980s.
Eagle was a marque of the Chrysler Corporation following the purchase of American Motors Corporation and aimed at the enthusiast driver.
Lewin was killed aboard American Airlines Flight 11, which crashed in the September 11 attacks of 2001.
It was the first firm to manufacture a glass-fibre sailplane in large numbers.
Serving communities in Maryland, Broadstripe provides both residential and business customers with entertainment and communications products including digital cable, home phone and broadband internet services.
The majority owners, Jim Skildum and John Risdall, have been with the company since its founding in 1979.
In the UK alone there are 78 Fitness First clubs with over 171,000 members.
The railway is fully owned by the Odakyu Group of companies.
Amphenol engineers also invented the commonly used BNC connector.
The Keebler Company is the largest cookie and cracker manufacturer in the United States.
Traidcraft is a UK-based Fairtrade organisation, established in 1979.
Fry's has in-store computer repair and custom computer building services.
It also operates a large research and development facility in Dunton, Essex, which employs over 3,000 engineers.
The company is currently based in Freeport, Maine, United States.
A statement on the M5 Industries Web site says the company no longer does special effects for movies and television.
Opera Software ASA is a Norwegian software company, primarily known for its Opera family of web browsers.
RSA is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
The Fort Garry Brewing Company Ltd brews beer in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
Founded in 1969, Software AG is an enterprise software company with over 10,000 enterprise customers in over 70 countries.
The Cope has branches in the town of Dungloe, as well as Annagry, and Kincasslagh villages.
Barr was engaged in the development, manufacture and marketing of generic and proprietary pharmaceuticals, biopharmaceuticals, and active pharmaceutical ingredients.
The company is the patron of The Sage Gateshead music venue in Gateshead.
Its strong golden pale ale, Duvel, is exported to more than forty countries.
"Sojitz", literally meaning "twin suns", implies a merger of equals between the two companies.
The company licensed worldwide English-language publishing rights to The Settlers of Catan series between 1996 and 2016.
České dráhy, often shortened to ČD, is the main railway operator in the Czech Republic providing regional and long-distance services.
Its first hit game was Mad Dog McCree, a light gun shooter set in the American Old West.
It was spun out as a separate company in 2001.
After becoming a subsidiary of GM, the company was named General Motors-Holden's Ltd, becoming Holden Ltd in 1998 and General Motors Holden in 2005.
On March 10, 2009, Atlus and Sting announced a partnership where Sting games would be published by Atlus in Japan.
Britvic plc is a British producer of soft drinks based in Hemel Hempstead.
Originally called The Blumer Brewery, it adopted the Huber name in 1947.
The Business Headquarters Status was awarded to OSIM by The Economic Development Board.
The brand Statoil was retained as a chain of fuel stations owned by StatoilHydro.
became a model for America's governmental efforts to seek in assisting the modernization of agrarian societies in the developing world.
The companies merge on 10 July 2015.
Much of TIAA operates on a not-for-profit basis, with surplus returned to participants.
Thorn Lighting Ltd, a subsidiary of the Austrian company Zumtobel Group, is a global supplier of both outdoor and indoor luminaires and integrated controls.
Dow has been called the "chemical companies' chemical company" in that most of its sales are to other industries rather than end-users.
In July 2009, following company dissolution, the descendants of Max and Clara Fortunoff reacquired the intellectual property and website.
Its Vermont outlets can be found in Rutland and Bennington counties.
In 2005, SportOdds merged its CENTREBET, SportOdds.com and SuperOdds.co.uk businesses into one entity, known as CENTREBET.
Papa Gino's, Inc. is a restaurant chain based in Dedham, Massachusetts specializing in American-style pizza along with pasta, subs, salads, and a variety of appetizers.
Its headquarters are located in St. Louis, Missouri.
It is a subsidiary of Time Warner's Warner Bros.
Some locations are franchise owned, such as the Caribbean, Australian, and Mexican locations.
It was a pioneer in the field from the late 1990s until 2000.
However, Compaq had little idea what to do with its acquisitions, and soon found itself in financial difficulty of its own.
It's now a part of VDL Bus & Coach bv.
This company was only a holding company that bought, sold, and merged regional department stores, such as Foley's and L.S.
It has a secondary listing on the New York Stock Exchange.
Japan's web portal is the most visited website in Japan, and its internet services are mostly dominant in the country.
C. Hoare & Co. is an English private bank.
It had not received any orders for new vessels since 2000.
The Professional Pilots Rumour Network, or PPRuNe, is an Internet forum catering to airline pilots and others in the aviation industry.
Companhia Siderúrgica Nacional is the largest fully integrated steel producer in Brazil and one of the largest in South America in terms of crude steel production.
These are the four ingredients allowed to be in beer according to the Bavarian Purity Law, which all Creemore Springs beers follow.
Newfoundland Power is the primary retailer of electric power in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Although the name has been applied to a variety of instruments, it is primarily associated with a minimalist "headless" design of electric basses and guitars.
The company ranks 64th in the 2016 Fortune 500.
It is a member of the World Nuclear Association trade group.
Energy Brands is owned primarily by Bikoff, employees, and small investors.
Founded in 1979, AutoZone has over 6,000 stores across the United States, Mexico, and Brazil.
OKI provides products to telecom carriers, financial institutions, government agencies, large corporation as well as SMBs both directly and via distributors and dealers.
Components manufactured in Osceola, Wisconsin and the vehicle assembly in Roseau, Minnesota.
The Vultee Aircraft Corporation became an independent company in 1939 in Los Angeles County, California.
Jeffrey Chernov was once a production executive.
It is the parent organization of a number of Watch Tower subsidiaries, including the Watchtower Society of New York and International Bible Students Association.
As Standard, it remained the largest privately owned multimedia company in Canada until it sold its radio and TV broadcasting assets to Astral Media in 2007.
The company is listed on the London Stock Exchange, and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
The Mitre Corporation is an American not-for-profit organization based in Bedford, Massachusetts, and McLean, Virginia.
The Titanic Brewery is an independent producer of bottle conditioned and cask ales in Burslem, Stoke-on-Trent, England.
Tellabs, Inc. is a global network technology provider providing services towards both private and governmental agencies.
Nordsee is a German fast-food restaurant chain specialising in seafood.
The company was founded in 1990 by Edgar Matias, Steve McGowan, and James McGowan.
The company has been developing and manufacturing a wide variety of firearms, ranging from automatic handguns i.e.
Former Quebecor World plant in Aurora, Ontario is now a TC Transcontinental facility.
The company supplies sterilization technologies and medical isotopes to customers in more than 40 countries around the world.
There were a number of editors in charge of overseeing the UK editions.
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange is an American financial and commodity derivative exchange based in Chicago and located at 20 S. Wacker Drive.
In 2013 Bern's opened a hotel across the street called The Epicurean.
As of 2015, India is the company's third largest market by value.
Today the company operates 15 interconnected generating stations.
The Idaho Botanical Garden is a nonprofit botanical garden located on 50 acres at 2355 North Old Penitentiary Road, Boise, Idaho, United States.
According to NHBC's website, around 80% of new homes built in the UK each year have an NHBC 10-year warranty.
As of 2013, the company lost financially for six years and initiated a turnaround plan to resolve this.
As well as selling equipment, Alfa Laval contracts out to provide individual solutions to the demands of heavy industry, in the form of "Orders".
At its peak, Woolco had hundreds of stores in the US, as well as in Canada and the United Kingdom.
Royal Friesland Foods is a Netherlands-based multinational cooperative that develops, produces and sells branded dairy products and fruit-based drinks.
Clark is credited with having invented the world's first truck with a hydraulic lifting mechanism in 1920, the Truclift, the forerunner to modern forklift trucks.
The Berkeley Group Holdings plc is a British property developer based in Cobham, Surrey.
As of 2014, there are 377 clubs and more than 900,000 members globally.
In June 2014 the site was acquired by Sydney based crowdsourcing website DesignCrowd from Emerge Media.
Permal Group is a global investment management firm focused on hedge funds and private equity funds products for international investors.
It sells its products in over 180 countries and has offices in around 80 countries.
The company was established in 1955 upon separation from Yamaha Corporation, and is headquartered in Iwata, Shizuoka, Japan.
Six Flags, officially Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, is an amusement park corporation based in the United States, with properties in the US, Canada, and Mexico.
Since the 2000s, Lexus has increased sales outside its largest market, the United States.
As of December 2016, IKEA owns and operates 392 stores in 48 countries.
China Resources is a group of companies in a wide variety of businesses in Hong Kong and China.
In 1996, Digi-Key introduced its website that offers complete online commerce capabilities along with access to product inventory.
Prefixes: +421905; +421906; +421907; +421908; +421915; +421916; +421917; +421918; +421919; +421945
British Railways, which from 1965 traded as British Rail, was the operator of most of the rail transport in Great Britain between 1948 and 1997.
Universal Cooperatives, based in Eagan, Minnesota, is a cooperative controlled by 17 regional agricultural marketing and agricultural supply cooperatives.
Pure brands, at the end of the 1990s.
This was only the most recent post-war attempt at building a sporty luxury car in France, following in the footsteps of Facel Vega, Monica, and Ligier.
The Maruchan brand is used for noodle products in Japan, and as the operating name for Toyo Suisan's division in the United States, Maruchan Inc.
Victory Motorcycles is an American motorcycle manufacturer with its final assembly facility in Spirit Lake, Dickinson County, northwestern Iowa, United States.
Valeant reversed the price hikes and ended cooperation with specialty pharmacy Philidor Rx Services and Walgreens took over distribution.
In 2006 Flying J associated with Shell Canada to improve highway services in Canada.
Microïds is a French software brand belonging to Anuman that publishes and develops video games.
The site has been a division of Monster Worldwide since 2004.
Along with FJ Management and CVC Capital Partners, Pilot is joint-owner of Pilot Flying J, the largest truck stop chain in the United States.
Goldcrest Films is an independent British distribution, production, post production and finance company.
Sampoerna A Mild produced and introduced in 1988.
Tom Lee Music Hong Kong is founded in 1953 by Thomas T.V.
Veolia Transport was the international transport services division of the French-based multinational company Veolia Environnement until the 2011 merger that gave rise to Veolia Transdev.
Alternatively, members can use Zipcar's Android or iPhone app to locate a Zipcar by honking its horn as well as to unlock the doors.
The company sells men's, women's and certified pre-owned timepieces.
Union Switch and Signal is a supplier of railway signaling equipment, systems and services in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Although it was never a large motion picture producer, Orion achieved a comparatively high reputation for Hollywood quality.
Polskie Radio Spółka Akcyjna is Poland's state-owned national publicly funded radio broadcasting organization.
Its portfolio includes Axiata, CIMB, Tenaga Nasional, IHH Healthcare, UEM Group, Telekom Malaysia, Malaysia Airlines, and Malaysia Airports.
Omron Corporation is an electronics company based in Kyoto, Japan.
Comdial was a former manufacturer and designer of telecommunication systems.
Morinda has manufacturing factories in Tahiti, Japan, China, Germany, and the United States.
The company covers all aspects of design, manufacture, maintenance, modification, conversion and logistic support of military, commercial and business aircraft.
The Group headquarters are in Nottingham, Stratford, London, and Woking.
The company also makes appliances for professional use.
It was formed by the Liberal government of Alexander Cameron Rutherford in 1906 following the acquisitions by the government of several independent telephone companies.
Wavin B.V. is a Dutch manufacturer of plastic pipes, mainly for drainage and water supply purposes.
Antitrust law required General Mills to sell off some of the products.
The Advocate and Out magazines were the two largest circulation LGBT magazines in the United States, each with corresponding websites; Advocate.com and OUT.com, respectively.
It was formed in December 2007 by the acquisition of Lyondell Chemical Company by Basell Polyolefins for $12.7 billion.
Dolphin Interconnect Solutions develops technology for low latency, very high speed communication, between servers and/or embedded computer systems.
Many immigrants travelled on CP ships from Europe to Canada.
In June 2010, Enercon announced that they would be setting up Irish headquarters in Tralee.
The FTC investigations took place from 1970–79, and afterward, the FTC began using Amway as the model for all other multi-level marketing companies.
TSO developed the website legislation.gov.uk with The National Archives, providing full access to the statute book as open data.
An early investor and vocal supporter of the company was tennis player Billie Jean King.
OshKosh B'Gosh is an American children's apparel company founded in Oshkosh, Wisconsin in 1895.
More executive job shuffles happened at Apple until then-CEO Gil Amelio in 1997 decided to buy Jobs' company to bring him back.
Gimbel Brothers was an American department store corporation from 1887 until 1987.
Its 61 restaurants are mostly located in the Midwestern United States., although the company is also present in Arizona.
It is the oldest bank in the United Kingdom and the world's fourth oldest bank.
Orfalea retained ownership of the original California location and a license to continue using the name in California.
In 1996, Alamo was acquired by Republic Industries.
BRP has a long legacy of innovation and has multiple brands: Ski-Doo, Can-Am motorcycles, Sea-Doo, Lynx, Evinrude Outboard Motors, and Rotax.
A new aftermarket interior rear-view mirror with a built-in OnStar module, branded as OnStar FMV, became available to the public on July 24, 2011.
On October 16, 1981, the Canada Post Corporation Act came into effect.
Archie McPhee has since been featured in Scientific American's "Technology and Business" review[7] and Time Magazine's fifty coolest websites of 2005.
The same year he bought the tanker President de Vogue, in 1937 Charles Racine and in 1939 Anders Jahre.
Production grew from 1936, with the most-famous models being developed from the original designs after the War period in the late 1940s.
Providing independent certification of the trade chain for products, and licensing use of the Fairtrade Mark on products as a consumer guarantee.
The company was founded by entrepreneur Mark Hughes in 1980, and it employs around 7,800 people worldwide.
Atlanta Bread Company is a privately owned bakery cafe chain established in the United States in 1993.
When the larger GCap Media acquired the group in 2005, they were forced to sell the Nottingham-based "106" station to Chrysalis Group for competition reasons.
The majority of its workers are volunteers with only a small percentage of paid staff.
The Cerro de San Pedro case was also being reviewed by the Commission for Environmental Cooperation.
Zion's Cooperative Mercantile Institution was the first department store in the United States.
It is currently owned and operated by David Laxer, son of original owner Bern Laxer.
The store began in 1946 as a grocery store, founded by Albert and Naomi Galyan.
In 2009, Swaraj Mazda started to roll out Luxury buses and medium-duty trucks powered by Isuzu Engines from a new plant in Punjab.
On 29 June 2005, Post and Telecom of Kosovo was transformed into a Joint Stock Company, with the new name PTK J.S.C.
Associated British Foods is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
Softball recreational leagues for children often use an 11-inch ball.
Sopwith aircraft were also used in varying numbers by the French, Belgian, and American air services during the War.
Other Ciba-Geigy and Sandoz businesses were sold, or, like Ciba Specialty Chemicals, spun off as independent companies.
Any profits made by the Mozilla Corporation will be invested back into the Mozilla project.
Among its most notable peers were Peck & Peck, Saks Fifth Avenue and B. Altman and Company.
hibu, formerly Yell Group plc, is a multinational directories and internet services company headquartered in Reading, Berkshire, UK.
It is part of the HSBC Group and is a wholly owned subsidiary of HSBC Holdings plc headquartered in London.
SATS' food solutions business comprises airline catering, food distribution and logistics, industrial catering as well as chilled and frozen food manufacturing, besides linen and laundry services.
Unusually, the pair shared a writer-director-producer credit for most of their films.
It operates as a product distributor, video game developer and publisher company.
In 2006, MuggleNet released a best-selling reference book on Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, the final book in the series.
Ilitch Holdings, Inc. is headquartered in the Fox Theatre Building in Detroit, Michigan.
Nintendo Software Technology is an American video game developer.
Volvo Cars manufactures and markets sport utility vehicles, station wagons, sedans and compact executive sedans.
Tumi have since failed to honour customers who paid the significantly higher rates for the lifetime warranty prior to 2004.
The most popular product was the Star 266.
Bembos was established in 1988, with its first restaurant opening in the Miraflores district of Lima.
For the first two years after its founding the company was located in Watertown, Massachusetts.
Armitage Shanks is one of the sponsors of the Loo of the Year Awards.
Sabeel, which advocates "morally responsible investment," has been described by its critics as promoting an anti-Israel agenda, including divestment from Israel.
In addition to groceries, Daiei is also a department store, selling electronics, home furnishings, and clothes.
The Defense segment produces ordnance and ammunition products.
Thornton's Bookshop was the oldest university bookshop in Oxford, England.
XL888, a synthetic inhibitor of HSP90, a chaperone protein that promotes the activity and stability of a range of regulatory proteins, including kinases.
WingNut Films is a New Zealand production company based in Wellington, New Zealand.
On October 1, 2007, the company moved back into their newly renovated offices.
BBC Worldwide Ltd. is the wholly owned commercial subsidiary of the BBC, formed out of a restructuring of its predecessor BBC Enterprises in 1995.
Since purchasing Local World in November 2015, it has gained 83 print publications, all of which are simply and sensationally written lowbrow publications.
Spudulike serves baked potatoes with a variety of fillings, as well as other potato meals, including crushed potato salads and a selection of side dishes.
The company maintains several branches and subsidiaries in the Americas, Europe, and Asia.
It is the parent company of game developer Chair Entertainment, and also owns game studios in Seattle, Guildford, Berlin, Tokyo, and Seoul.
Some descendants immigrated to the United States, for business reasons and to escape the persecution, and established themselves there.
In 1954, it developed the Alfa Romeo Twin Cam engine, which would remain in production until 1994.
Tupperware Brands Corporation, formerly Tupperware Corporation, is an American multinational direct sales company.
It employs 170,000 people in more than 1,300 locations across six continents.
RailTel's network passes through around 5,000 stations across the country, covering all central business districts, towns, cities, mini/major-metros.
In 1987, the company returned to Canadian ownership.
In October 2014 Fiat Chrysler Automobiles announced its intentions to separate Ferrari S.p.A. from FCA; as of the announcement FCA owned 90 percent of Ferrari.
Each circle is divided into regions, headed by a Postmaster General and comprising field units known as Divisions.
Derbi is a manufacturer of motorcycles, scooters, mopeds and recreational all-terrain vehicles produced by Nacional Motor S.A.U., a Spanish subsidiary of Piaggio & Co. SpA.
Its current CEO is Ian Grabiner, and it is part of the Arcadia Group, which is controlled by Sir Philip Green.
Content is accessed most commonly through library Internet gateways.
In 2013, its main subsidiary Itera Oil & Gas Company—was acquired by Russian state-controlled oil company Rosneft.
Imperial Oil Limited is a Canadian petroleum company.
In January, 2006, they completed refurbishment and commissioned their primary bucket line dredge, and so restarted the SML Bauxite Project.
In 1999, GT Interactive was purchased outright by Infogrames, who later acquired and rebranded themselves as Atari.
The merger consolidated ownership of Cingular Wireless and Yellowpages.com, both of which were joint ventures between BellSouth and AT&T.
Their experience comes from work on over 40 different wooden roller coasters around the world.
The corporate headquarters are located in Irving, Texas.
The company claims to have built the first satellite-to-tablet content delivery system.
The company was introduced to the Stockholm Stock Exchange later the same year.
DLJ Merchant Banking Partners, a private equity firm that focuses on leveraged buyouts, was spun off from Credit Suisse in March 2014.
The bank maintains an extensive network in Austria, with about 7,700 employees serving customers in some 300 branches.
The company is a constituent of the Nikkei 225 stock market index.
In Europe there are mills located in Inverness and Cowie, Scotland, in South Molton, England as well as in Genk, Belgium.
Internally, it is organized into five major business areas: Roche Applied Science, Roche Professional Diagnostics, Roche Diabetes Care, Roche Molecular Diagnostics and Roche Tissue Diagnostics.
Tama Drums, タマ, read tama) is a brand of drum kits and hardware manufactured and marketed by the Japanese musical instrument company, Hoshino Gakki.
Its films are co-produced and/or distributed by Viacom division Paramount Pictures.
The firm used native Australian hardwoods, particularly jarrah, sheoak, spotted gum, marri, wandoo and lemon scented gum for the drums they manufactured.
Detroit Electric was an electric car produced by the Anderson Electric Car Company in Detroit, Michigan.
The current presidents are members of the Hungarian family, Ersching.
It also acquired WSBS-TV in Miami, Florida, KTBU in Houston, Texas and WTCV in San Juan, Puerto Rico, known as MEGA TV.
Founded in 1947 by oil businessman Thomas Slick, Jr., SwRI provides contract research and development services to government and industrial clients.
CSL Limited is a global specialty biotechnology company that researches, develops, manufactures and markets products to treat and prevent serious human medical conditions.
Halfords Group is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
The company's history dates to foundation of an engineering workshop in 1840 in Kilmarnock, Scotland.
The company had financial stakes in mobile operators in both Central and Eastern Europe.
The activities of AECL include marketing, research and development, and policy services.
Bimbo is listed on the Mexican Stock Exchange since 1980 and is a constituent of the IPC, the main benchmark index of Mexican stocks.
The chain takes its name from Rhode Island's nickname, "The Ocean State".
The sale was completed on October 30, 2015.
The Bakery is the recipient of the "E-Award" from the US president.
Schlitterbahn's outdoor waterparks are summer seasonal water parks.
In December 1999, Ticketmaster-CitySearch received a $40 million investment from USA Networks, Inc., then controlled by Barry Diller.
The Hong Kong and Mainland China subsidiaries officially changed their name to AEON on 1 March 2013.
Imperial Chemical Industries was a British chemical company and was, for much of its history, the largest manufacturer in Britain.
From 1897 until 1923, CBN was a unit of the New York-based American Bank Note Company.
Lufkin operates oilfield service centers and gear repair facilities all across the globe.
The studio is best known as the creator of the Wolfenstein: Enemy Territory and Enemy Territory: Quake Wars.
Australian production ceased in 2008 and since that time the company has been exclusively a vehicle importer.
Domino's Pizza Inc. is a large American pizza restaurant chain founded in 1960.
The new firm prospered and, in 1941, moved its headquarters to Fenton, Missouri even though the company website states that the headquarters is in St. Louis.
was a telecommunications company that operated in Albania for 19 years.
Cinemex is a cineplex company based in Mexico that has built a nationally branded cineplex chain.
Operating excursions since 1993, it is the oldest operating steam heritage railway in Ontario and features the second oldest operating steam locomotive in Canada.
Formerly part of Global Wealth Management, Citi Private Bank is now part of Citi's Institutional Clients Group.
They generally specialized in games for the ZX Spectrum even though the company was originally named with the intention of publishing games for Dragon computers.
JUSCO is the acronym for Japan United Stores Company, a chain of "general merchandise stores" and the largest of its type in Japan.
It sells and distributes its main product, Sussex Best Bitter, to other pubs and social clubs in South East England.
Ridley Inc. became a publicly traded company in 1997 and is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol RCL.
Télébec is also an ADSL Internet Service Provider through Télébec Internet which is also closely linked with Bell Sympatico.
Renaissance offers two portfolios to outside investors—Renaissance Institutional Equities Fund and Renaissance Institutional Diversified Alpha.
SATS Security Services Pte Ltd is a subsidiary of SATS Ltd, providing security services for aviation-related activities at the Singapore Changi Airport.
Today, Li & Fung employs about 22,000 people worldwide.
In May 2012, DreamHost spun off Inktank.
Teck's products at 2017 include coal, copper, zinc, lead, silver, gold, molybdenum, germanium, indium and cadmium.
Semperit AG Holding is a manufacturer of industrial rubber and plastic products based in Vienna, Austria.
The intellectual property of Mitel Networks was returned to that company's ownership in 2003.
On April 1, 2013, the company became defunct, following its absorption into Universal Music Japan as a sublabel under the name EMI Records Japan.
The company introduced Kitaca, a smart card ticketing system, from autumn 2008.
It has a long history as a multinational media company.
On November 12, 2012, Jefferies announced its merger with Leucadia, its largest shareholder.
Carnival Films is a British television production company based in London, UK, founded in 1978.
However, the studio remained open and moved to a new office in the Redwood Shores area of Redwood City, California in February 2009.
Checker Motors Corporation was a Kalamazoo, Michigan-based vehicle manufacturer and tier-one subcontractor that manufactured taxicabs used by Checker Taxi.
Together with Nippon Cultural Broadcasting it is a flagship station of the National Radio Network.
Martin is highly regarded for its steel-string guitars and is a leading manufacturer of flat top guitars.
The company was founded as Alroy Industries and formerly went by the name NTN Communications, Inc. from 1985 to 2005.
People Telecom was acquired by M2 Group in December 2008.
Heritage International Ministries is an Evangelical Christian hotel & convention center in Fort Mill, South Carolina.
From 1924 until 1959, it was also the parent company of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios.
CoreStates Financial Corporation, previously known as Philadelphia National Bank, was a United States bank holding company in the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, metropolitan area.
She was the daughter of Michigan automobile pioneer John F. Dodge and a half-sister of Isabel Dodge, owner of the highly successful Brookmeade Stable.
Sarajevo Tobacco Factory is a cigarette producer in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Its former subsidiary company, Power System Operation Corporation Limited handles power management for Power Grid.
The company was merged with Sky Television plc in November 1990 to form British Sky Broadcasting.
The videos and other materials are designed to engage students and assist teachers and home schoolers; they are aligned to state education standards.
Starting in 1996, the company was divided gradually into smaller units.
TBS Television, Inc. has a 28-affiliate news network called JNN, as well as a 34-affiliate radio network called JRN which TBS Radio & Communications, Inc. has.
The Westinghouse Broadcasting Company, also known as Group W, was the broadcasting division of Westinghouse Electric Corporation.
The website is owned by Orbitz Worldwide, Inc., a subsidiary of Expedia Inc.
Baby, The Stars Shine Bright is the name of a Japanese clothing boutique chain created in 1988 by Akinori Isobe and his wife, Fumiyo.
Iveco Magirus is one of the leading manufacturers of fire fighting equipment.
Thermalright Inc. is a Taiwan-based company headquartered in Taipei, established in 2001.
It is wholly owned by NBCUniversal, a division of Comcast.
The group was formed after TF1 was privatised in 1987.
Fendi is also well known for its leather goods such as "Baguette", 2jours, Peekaboo or Pequin handbags.
Marriott Corporation bought Big Boy in 1967.
In October 2012, Manganese entered administration, having not made a profit since 2007.
The company also has offices in Los Angeles, Chicago, Miami, and London.
Alpine's engineering headquarters are in Iwaki, Fukushima Prefecture, Japan.
These include corn & soya based compounds as well as materials of a completely distinct origin.
Established in 1993, the company is best known for the first-person shooter series Serious Sam.
In 1990, Aeritalia and Selenia were merged by parent company Finmeccanica as Alenia Aeronautica.
In April 2004 it became the sole operator of Melbourne rail services, taking over the services of M>Train.
The company is owned by the Hans Wilsdorf Foundation, a family private trust which does not pay corporate tax.
Internationally, it also operates in Canada and Mexico.
Since 1992, they produced expansion packs for MechWarrior 4, Heroes of Might and Magic II, and Warcraft II: Tides of Darkness.
Telia Company AB is the dominant telephone company and mobile network operator in Sweden, Finland and Baltic States.
It employed 4,000 people worldwide and had revenues of $715 million in 2006.
The name, Rio Salado Project, used to refer to the improvement projects along the Salt River through the Phoenix Metropolitan Area, is not related to SRP.
In 1952 it was merged with Morris Motors Limited in the new holding company British Motor Corporation Limited, keeping its separate identity.
One.Tel attempted to create a youth-oriented image to sell their mobile phones and One.Net internet services.
Together, these companies make the Petronas Group, which is involved in various oil and gas based activities.
The Diesel Locomotive Works in Varanasi, India, is a production unit owned by Indian Railways, that manufactures diesel-electric locomotives and its spare parts.
This shirt, along with Ralph Lauren Polo, was popular in the 1970s and '80s among the preppy and Mod sets.
Ausway markets a satellite navigation unit loaded with their mapping data, branded as Navway.
Originally established in 1985 as a computer software company, it expanded into producing for a number of game console and handheld systems.
Computer's Dream was renamed to Haiku Studios in 1993, which developed Down in the Dumps and went defunct in 1997.
Kaman marketed a lower-priced line of Asian-built instruments called the Hamer XT Series and Slammer by Hamer,, which was discontinued in 2009.
In June 2009, Myspace employed approximately 1,600 employees.
SM Prime Holdings, Inc. or SM Prime is the parent company of the SM Group's shopping malls.
Ball had succeeded in making Desilu profitable again by 1967, when she sold her shares of Desilu to Gulf+Western / Paramount Studios for $17 million.
It has a presence in 53 countries and a workforce of approximately 5,400 people It is a public listed company in the Athens Stock Exchange.
Spirit's main competition comes from Triumph Aerostructures - Vought Aircraft Division, UTC Aerospace Systems, Alenia, and Kawasaki Heavy Industries.
An Post is the state-owned provider of postal services in Republic of Ireland.
In 2006, Mervyn's had 189 stores in 10 states.
About twice the length of a dime, the device is typically implanted between the shoulder and elbow area of an individual’s right arm.
Eventually, Wizet reached the global world after having finished developing key features of MapleStory.
The Government National Mortgage Association, or Ginnie Mae, was established in the United States in 1968 to promote home ownership.
It was formed in 1981 by a merger of the Dalziell Society of Motherwell with the St. Cuthbert's Co-operative Society, which had been established in 1859.
Ascend Communications was founded in 1988 and taken public in 1994.
Lyoness is currently active in more than 40 countries, spread over six continents.
It was merged with Computer Sciences Corporation to create a new IT services company DXC Technology in April of 2017.
It has been involved in several controversies related to censorship.
Its subsidiaries include the Emotion Music Company, Limited,, and Lantis Company, Limited music publishing labels.
The building was later occupied by Sunesys Telecommunications.
The sandwich was featured on the PBS special Sandwiches That You Will Like.
Wrexham Lager is a brewery in Wrexham, north-east Wales, that has produced alcoholic drink for more than 120 years.
The Beaugay Handicap at Aqueduct Racetrack is named in the filly's honor.
The current Rainmaker name and insignia was adopted from an older division, the DVD encoding company Rainmaker Digital Pictures, which encoded DVDs as early as 1997.
It was formed through a merger of International Computers and Tabulators, English Electric Leo Marconi and Elliott Automation in 1968.
BMW M also remains the only performance based company to cater motorcycles at the same time, specifically the BMW S1000RR.
The studio was based in New York City and was founded by Larry Schwarz.
The service maintains 50 foreign news bureaux with more than 250 correspondents around the world.
Donaudampfschiffahrtsgesellschaftskapitänsmütze is such a word, which potentially might even have been used, but probably never actually was.
Even though the harbour is crossed by railway and road tunnels, the Star Ferry continues to provide an inexpensive mode of harbour crossing.
Lola Cars International Ltd. was a racing car engineering company founded in 1958 by Eric Broadley and based in Huntingdon, England.
ParaMed Home Health Care is a division of Extendicare Inc. ParaMed was founded more than 30 years ago.
More recently, the differentiation between Shuttle barebones and Shuttle systems has become greater, with the launch of system exclusive models such as the M-series and X-series.
John Harvey established the Bridge Wharf Brewery on its present site by the River Ouse, overlooking Cliffe Bridge.
The agency employs over 1,000 journalists and photographers, and maintains news exchange agreements with over 70 international media outlets.
The company announced its return to independent status through a partnership and majority investment from Lake Capital effective 1 July 2011.
After she married Pennsylvia native Fredrick Van Lennep in 1949, the farm underwent major renovations in order to breed and raise Standardbreds.
TMNET has been serving its customer for more than 20 years.
The Hinduja Group is an Indian conglomerate company headquartered in London, United Kingdom.
It was founded by Dan Wood and later joined by Terrence Talbot.
Nakheel is one of the world’s leading property developers, based in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Its products include ramyun, snacks, and bottled water.
It is one of the largest food and beverage companies in the Philippines.
The company was named after American Charles Goodyear, inventor of vulcanized rubber.
Westinghouse filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on March 29, 2017.
Buca di Beppo is an American restaurant chain specializing in Italian-American food.
Lagardère [laɡaʁdɛʁ] is a multinational media conglomerate headquartered in the 16th arrondissement of Paris.
One of their main customers was Arriva Trains Wales, which used locomotives to haul Manchester to Holyhead services until February 2005.
Sumo Digital Ltd. is a British independent game development studio based in Sheffield, United Kingdom.
The store specialises in homewares, menswear, womenswear and children's clothing.
Each share of Square's common stock was exchanged for 0.85 shares of Enix's common stock.
The best result was a fifth place for Mariella in the Coppa Autodromo at Monza.
Voxan is a French motorcycle manufacturer established in Issoire, France, in 1995.
On January 2, 2014, the company's founder Mike Vraney died after a lengthy battle with lung cancer.
It was established in 1977 as Magnetic Video and was later known as 20th Century Fox Video, CBS/Fox Video and FoxVideo, Inc.
Cobham plc is a British manufacturing company based in Wimborne Minster, Dorset, England.
The company provides cable television, telephone and Internet connectivity services to consumers in parts of Ontario, Quebec, and several regions of the United States.
Ipsos MORI has research offices in London, Manchester, Edinburgh and Belfast.
The XPCC has administrative authority over several medium-sized cities as well as settlements and farms in Xinjiang.
It was founded in 2001 by David Young and the creative team behind the worldwide hit Weakest Link and Hat Trick Productions.
By volume, Gillig is the second-largest transit bus manufacturer in North America.
Astex was founded in 1999 by Sir Tom Blundell, Chris Abell & Harren Jhoti, and is located in Cambridge, England.
The Omni Group was informally founded as a NEXTSTEP consulting company in 1989 by Wil Shipley, who immediately brought on Ken Case and Tim Wood.
As of August 31, 2016, the company operated 8,175 stores in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Culture Brain Inc. is a Japanese video game developer and publisher founded on October 5, 1980.
The firm operates out of Sutton Coldfield, and is best known for the Simon the Sorcerer series of games.
Rough Draft Studios was founded in Van Nuys, Los Angeles, California by Gregg Vanzo.
Spare parts production continues at the Bembridge site with sub assemblies also being supplied from the Romanian facility.
Unlike the train it was capable of reaching the small to medium size cities of the Soviet Bloc.
Red Roof has over 500 properties in the United States, primarily in the Midwest, Southern, and Eastern United States.
It is based at Lang Stracht, Mastrick, Aberdeen and produces the following titles: The Press and Journal, Evening Express, Aberdeen Citizen, Scot-Ads.
APT continues to distribute a wide variety of public television programs nationally, as well as administering the Create and World channels on public TV.
The Stettin shipyard was closed in 1928, opened again in 1939.
K-Swiss, Inc. is an American footwear company based in Westlake Village, California.
Swarovski is an Austrian producer of crystal headquartered in Wattens, Austria.
Immediately after Liggett's purchase, Big Boy Restaurants International—then known as Liggett Restaurant Enterprises—negotiated an agreement with the other large franchise operator, Frisch's Restaurants.
Industries served include OEMs, power, oil and gas, manufacturing, military and aerospace, mining and metals, telecommunications, and water and wastewater industries.
As of the end of 2015, the company had approximately 7,900 full-time employees.
Sonae is a Portuguese retail company with two big partnerships in the shopping centres areas and the Software and Information Systems, Media and Telecommunications.
The company is listed on the AIM.
Aggreko plc is a supplier of temporary power generation equipment and of temperature control equipment.
Seven Stories Press states that they "publish works of the imagination and political titles by voices of conscience."
The company also holds 700 MHz and AWS licenses covering most of Tennessee and Alabama, though it has not yet extended service to these areas.
July 1, 2011 SSC sold its satellite division to the German space company OHB which then formed a Swedish subsidiary named OHB-Sweden.
Yamada-Denki Co., Ltd. is one of the largest consumer electronics retailer chains in Japan.
After additional acquisitions of a geospatial data visualization company and a realtime traffic analyzer, Google Maps was launched in February 2005.
Sasol employs 30,400 people worldwide and has operations in 36 countries.
Archos manufactures tablets, smartphones, portable media players and portable data storage devices.
Saks Fifth Avenue is an American luxury department store owned by the oldest commercial corporation in North America, the Hudson's Bay Company.
South Central Arkansas Electric Cooperative is a non-profit rural electric utility cooperative headquartered in Arkadelphia, Arkansas.
These concepts were frowned upon by the then board of directors, who ordered the Xerox engineers to share them with Apple technicians.
made a strategic investment in Right Media.
Its products and services facilitated the purchase, sale, transfer, and financing of residential and commercial real estate.
Cytec currently has about 3,600 employees in Europe, North and South America, Asia and Australia.
Many of the stores were originally Ottawa-area outlets of the defunct Quebec-based Steinberg's grocery chain.
Caproni made the first aircraft of Italian construction in 1911.
British Energy was the UK's largest electricity generation company by volume, before being taken over by Électricité de France in 2009.
Calls can be made to any telephone number in the US or internationally.
The company formerly operated an outpatient rehabilitation, surgery center and diagnostics division.
Accuracy International's high-accuracy sniper rifles are in use with many military units and police departments around the world.
Other Just Group brands include Jay Jays, Jacqui E, Portmans, Dotti, Peter Alexander, and Smiggle.
Griffin-Bacal's first animations were animated commercials for Hasbro's G.I.
Under its Bryco name, the company was described by the U.S. BATF as one of the "Ring of Fire" companies.
In the early 2010s, Level-5 was one of the ten largest video game companies in Japan, where it held a 3.2% market share by 2013.
It has over 1,176 stores, in eleven countries across Asia and Europe, and its brands include B&Q, Castorama, Brico Dépôt and Screwfix.
Production of Hahn beers was moved to the Tooheys brewery in Auburn.
These technologies are used to convert, condition and process real-world phenomena, such as light, sound, temperature, motion, and pressure into electrical signals.
On the second level of the store, there are kiosks with various Nintendo Switch games running, allowing anyone to play.
The markets where they owned radio stations included Boston, Detroit, Philadelphia, Charlotte, and the state of New Jersey.
Camerica was a Canadian video game company founded in 1988.
Nickelodeon Movies is the theatrical motion picture production arm of the American children's cable channel Nickelodeon.
Hazelden began publishing in 1954 with the book Twenty Four Hours A Day.
On November 13, 2014, Pabst announced that it had completed its sale to Blue Ribbon Intermediate Holdings, LLC.
To that end, the product line now includes antennas and coaxial cables, compound semiconductors and various electronic components, including a terminal antenna for wireless communication.
He designed and produced instruments for Music Man in the 1970s through his company CLF Research.
ANB employed 550 people as of October 2013.
In addition to offering groceries, each store operated full-service produce, floral, delicatessen, bakery, pharmacy, meat, and seafood departments, with some locations including a bank.
The company produced BIOS software for motherboards, server motherboards, storage controllers and remote-management cards.
Third Rail Studios opened in August 2016.
Independent Fabrication was paired with Jeff Swartz, chief executive of Timberland.
The company has offices in USA, India, Mexico, UK, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, and Poland.
Anik F1 carries most mainstream English-language programming; Anik F2 programming includes French-language and HDTV broadcasts.
ICA Banken is a Swedish bank established in February 2002.
Its headquarters are in Kingston upon Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire, where it serves local residents and businesses with Internet and telephony services.
On February 1, 2013, BBN Technologies was awarded the National Medal of Technology and Innovation.
It owns restaurants under various names, many of which are located in Central Ohio.
The group owns retail franchises Four Square, New World and Pak'nSave, in-store private labels Pam's and Budget, and a ten percent stake in The Warehouse.
The College has a wide range of facilities for theoretical education and practical training in fire fighting, fire safety and accident and emergency work.
Once the body shell is completed, it is sent to the Noble factory where the engines, transmissions, etc.
The firm started car production in 1903, building around 650 vehicles in their first year.
Already before the name change, the UD name was prominently displayed to separate the identity from that of their former owner Nissan.
It is now a subsidiary of the game company Wizards of the Coast, which is itself a subsidiary of Hasbro.
It is one of the Mitsubishi core companies.
Ricola Ltd./Ricola AG is a manufacturer of cough drops and breath mints in Switzerland.
Menart Records is a full-service record label with partner companies in Croatia and Serbia.
In addition to assembly, TRU manufactures its own brand car, under the name Thai Rung, based on other small and medium truck platform.
The company is based in the Washington, D.C. area and serves companies and organizations worldwide.
Members in New Zealand can become "Address Verified" by confirming their street address, and sellers may choose to block unverified members from bidding.
HGST, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Western Digital that sells hard disk drives, solid-state drives, and external storage products and services.
The company is headquartered in Abingdon, Oxfordshire, England, with sites in the United Kingdom, United States, Europe, and Asia.
CCL Industries is a specialty packaging company that provides packaging products to the Home & Personal Care, Food & Beverage, Healthcare, Apparel and Specialty markets worldwide.
The company has two primary branches, one dealing with software development and the other with the integration of adaptive systems to industrial, embedded and custom systems.
Kordia is a New Zealand government-owned broadcast and telecommunications company, operating in Australia and New Zealand.
The company was purchased by Warren Buffett for his Berkshire Hathaway Corporation in 1972.
Swisher Hygiene Inc. is a sanitation company in the United States which until 2015 traded on the NASDAQ .
Bally is a Swiss luxury fashion company founded as "Bally & Co" in 1851 by Carl Franz Bally and his brother Fritz.
It has operations in 26 countries across Africa, Asia, Australasia, Europe and South America.
On 1 October 2014, Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi launched Universal Account Number for Employees covered by EPFO to enable PF number portability.
The company's original name was Iran National.
Its assets include the national newspaper USA Today and the erstwhile weekly USA Weekend.
The Damen Group is a Dutch defence, shipbuilding, and engineering conglomerate company based in Gorinchem, South Holland, the Netherlands.
Esri is an international supplier of geographic information system software, web GIS and geodatabase management applications.
As Multikino was the first company to run multiplex cinemas in Poland, the term multikino is often used as a description of multiplex cinema.
Outlet stores - sells merchandise and inventory overstocks at lower prices
Its chairman and chief executive is Sir David Li.
The company has 15 manufacturing sites in six countries and marketing presence in 50 countries.
Pulver sold IPeerX to XConnect in 2006;.
The Carolinian Coffee Shop was owned by brothers Thomas, Kenneth and William Wilson and their brother-in-law T.K.
U-Haul is an American moving equipment and storage rental company, based in Phoenix, Arizona, that has been in operation since 1945.
WWE Home Video is a video distribution and production company that distributes WWE programming, now run by Warner Home Video.
Hummingbird Ltd. is a subsidiary of OpenText and is a provider of enterprise software solutions including Exceed.
Staples, Inc. is an American multinational office supply retailing corporation, with over 1,500 stores in North America.
The factory store portion apparently will remain closed.
Rhodes hoped BSAC would promote colonisation and economic exploitation across much of south-central Africa, as part of the "Scramble for Africa".
Ekornes ASA is the parent company in the Ekornes Group.
Capezio is the trade name of Capezio Ballet Makers Inc., a manufacturer of dance shoes, apparel and accessories.
Submissions with the most up-votes appear on the front page or the top of a category.
A second CRC was established in July 2000: the CRC for Enterprise Distributed System Technology which was also managed by DSTC Pty Ltd.
St-Hubert BBQ Ltd is a chain of Canadian casual dining restaurants best known for its rotisserie chicken.
The Standard Motor Company Limited was a motor vehicle manufacturer, founded in Coventry, England, in 1903 by Reginald Walter Maudslay.
For many years the company was based at 12 East Armour Boulevard, Kansas City, Missouri.
It was founded by Pavel Baudiš and Eduard Kučera in 1988 as a cooperative and has been a private company since 2010.
Rushes has partnered with Industry and Education to provide suitable courses and career paths.
In December 2016, Sasken was rated in the Leadership Zone for the Semiconductor and Telecommunication categories in the Zinnov Zones - 2016 Product Engineering Services.
Honeywell manufactures turbochargers for applications ranging from small passenger cars to large trucks, as well as heavy industrial equipment, construction machinery and aircraft.
They have offices around the world, with headquarters in Nes Ziona, Israel.
The company operates Czech sixth largest airport and a private secondary school.
As of November 2009, three Raley's supermarkets had been awarded Greenchill Partnership Gold-Level Certification by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency for environmentally friendly refrigeration technology.
Ceres Brewery was a brewery company located in Aarhus, Denmark.
It was also a chain of comics shops and a distributor.
It was founded in 1983 by Egyptian-born Frank Agrama and is managed by his daughter, Jehan F. Agrama.
In 2006 underlying profit rose 16.7 per cent to £454 million compared with a year earlier, while post-tax earnings climbed 12.8 per cent to £229 million.
It produces and manufactures sports and luxury cars, usually produced in-house at designated production facilities.
Costa Coffee is a British multinational coffeehouse company headquartered in Dunstable, Bedfordshire, and a wholly owned subsidiary of Whitbread.
In 1985 Hartge was granted manufacturer's status in Germany.
It is a subsidiary of Columbus Nova.
The company was soon acquired by Gremlin Interactive.
OfficeMax is an American office supplies retailer founded in 1988.
DC Thomson & Co Ltd was founded in 1905.
Naugles was a Southern California fast-food Mexican restaurant chain that existed from 1970 to 1995.
The company acquired Howard Publications for $694 million in 2002 and Pulitzer, Inc., for $1.5 billion in 2005.
Syncrude Canada Ltd. is one of the world's largest producers of synthetic crude oil from oil sands and the largest single source producer in Canada.
It is part of the Strangford Lough Ramsar Site.
Gibraltar hardware packs are standard for current Gretsch Drums kits.
Simon Property Group, Inc. is an American commercial real estate company in the United States and the largest real estate investment trust.
This led to Virgin only being sold in select supermarkets and local stores.
Overstock.com, Inc. is an American internet retailer headquartered in Midvale, Utah, near Salt Lake City.
Recently in 2014, Ericsson got its fifth Emmy® Award recognition for its work in developing pioneering JPEG2000 interoperability technology.
Initially named Les Échassiers, they toured Quebec in 1980 as a performing troupe.
Hence they market under the Dreyer's name in the Western United States and Texas, and under the Edy's name in the Eastern and Midwestern United States.
It covers economic and industrial affairs in general, and affairs of specific industries such as automobile, electronics, telecommunication, information technologies, science, etc.
In 1997 Sumitomo gained agreement to use the Dunlop name in its corporate name, and changed the name of its UK subsidiary to Dunlop Tyres Ltd.
It was founded in 1964 in Hamilton, Ontario, by Canadian hockey player Tim Horton and Jim Charade, after an initial venture in hamburger restaurants.
ROH was privately owned by founder Rob Feinstein until 2004.
OIS also has FPGA versions of ORBexpress to allow hardware blocks on an FPGA to interoperate with software.
Sammy Corporation was established on November 1, 1975 and is a leading developer and retailer of pachinko and pachislot systems in Japan.
Palcom also released SNES games that were published in America by Konami itself.
PA Consulting Group is a consultancy specialising in management consulting, technology and innovation.
The company's first department store opened in September 1962.
In 1971, Sansui introduced the Quadphonic Synthesizer QS-1, which could make simulated four channel stereo from two channel sources.
It was founded on May 14, 1955 by Roy Kepler, who had previously been a staff member of the Berkeley listener-supported radio station KPFA.
In the year 2013, the brand was valued at US$12.1 billion, with sales of US$4.7 billion.
More than 6.5 million Minsk motorcycles have been sold worldwide.
In 2010, Pernod Ricard, launched its new wine brand company Pernod Ricard Winemakers - Pernod Ricard.
The company also manufactures acoustic guitars, electric basses, mandolins, banjos, and electric violins, as well as guitar amplifiers, bass amplifiers, and PA equipment.
Fortum Corporation is an energy company focusing on the Nordic and Baltic countries, Poland, Russia and India.
Amazon also sells certain low-end products like USB cables under its in-house brand AmazonBasics.
The company was founded in May 1972.
Additional manufacturing facilities were based in St Ives, Cambridgeshire, England.
Chicken of the Sea is a provider of packaged seafood, formerly US-owned and now owned by the Thai Union Group of in Samut Sakhon, Thailand.
The chain was headquartered in Dallas, Texas until it was acquired by Plano-based Cinemark Theatres.
Ameren is the holding company for the following:
In 2013 the company secured a majority share in the Belgian chocolate producer Bouchard.
Mazda Motor Corporation, commonly referred to as simply Mazda, is a Japanese multinational automaker based in Fuchū, Aki District, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Starting on February 18, 2008 thru to December 2014, Lone Star closed 27 restaurants to leave the company with 152 locations.
The company headquarters is located at 2501 Coolidge Road, East Lansing, Michigan.
Scott Associates Architects Inc was selected as the designer for the Toronto ferry terminal in the Inner Harbour area.
Super Saver stores are located in Utah.
It was established in 1985 as a response to legal and revenue issues that sent the Professional Karate Association into decline.
It addition to making drumset frames and cages it also makes everything from hi-hat stands to drumset thrones.
The fleet is also used to haul "Foot-ex" specials as well as other Riviera Requirements.
Permal is headquartered in London, with offices in New York, Boston, Singapore, Paris, Nassau, Dubai, Hong Kong, and Beijing.
EON Automart also provides after sales and service of the all Mitsubishi models.
American Bridge has also built or helped build the Willis Tower, the Empire State Building, the Chrysler Building, launch pads, resorts, and more.
As a result of nationalization it became an independent company.
The Société Nationale des Chemins de Fer Luxembourgeois is the national railway company of Luxembourg.
It entered the Fortune 500 for the first time in 2006 at #493, the first notable Inland Empire-based company to do so.
Its shares are listed on the Borsa Italiana.
Zapp's operates as a wholly owned subsidiary, continuing to manufacture at the Gramercy plant.
Palm, Inc. was an American company that specialized in manufacturing personal digital assistants and other electronics.
For the steam car manufacturer from New Brighton, Pennsylvania - see Crouch Cars
Norfolkline was a European ferry operator and logistics company owned by Maersk.
Cetaphil products are commonly sold at grocery stores and pharmacies throughout the United States, Canada and India.
From 1960 until 2006, Tower operated retail stores in the United States, which closed when Tower Records filed for bankruptcy and liquidation.
Turner Entertainment Company, Inc. is a multimedia company founded by Ted Turner.
Wing Lung Bank has 48 banking offices in Hong Kong, Macau and Mainland China, and two overseas branches in Los Angeles and the Cayman Islands.
Introversion Software Limited is a British video game developer based in Walton-on-Thames, England.
The company also focuses on water polo, aquatic fitness, recreational swimming and more.
The company dissolved in August 2008 because of financial troubles.
It spends over $660 million a year on research.
The company pioneered the use of cigarette cards within their packaging.
PwC is a network of firms in 157 countries, 756 locations, with more than 223,000 people.
Angiotech, based in Vancouver, British Columbia, was founded in 1992 by William L. Hunter, M.D., Lindsay Machan, M.D., and Larry Arsenault, Ph.D.
British Power International provides design and advisory solutions to the power sector and is based in Colchester, Essex.
Shortly after filing for bankruptcy in 1993, it became Citicasters and was, in 1999, acquired by Clear Channel Communications, which was renamed iHeartMedia in 2014.
The company has been making motor boats since 1969.
Stores are large and have a no-frills environment, often with unlined interiors and concrete floors.
The list below converts any cm designations on earlier lenses to mm.
Troika Games was a video game developer co-founded by Jason Anderson, Tim Cain and Leonard Boyarsky.
Many of the products fall under the general category of "signal recovery".
The company provides analytical instruments, software, services and consumables for the entire laboratory workflow.
It was founded in 1842, and was located in Hartford End, Essex.
More than 18,000 Tupolev aircraft were produced for the USSR and the Eastern Bloc.
The company produces the Little Giant Ladder System, a convertible aluminium ladder system.
Funimation is a portmanteau of the English words "fun" and "animation".
The SageTV software has an integrated Electronic Programming Guide that is updated via the Internet.
Many GCI designed roller coasters also contain an on-ride camera midway through or towards the end of the ride.
It is considered to have been a pioneer in the home video market.
On December 18, 2014, Spyker confirmed that it deliberately had gone bankrupt, hoping to restructure its finances and getting back on its feet.
SAP BusinessObjects is an enterprise software company, specializing in business intelligence.
They released several other board games and card games, but the Adventure Games Division was eventually closed in 2006.
It operates in the United States, including Puerto Rico.
The Australian Radio Network is a group of commercial radio stations around Australia.
In 1972, Panavision helped revolutionize filmmaking with the lightweight Panaflex 35 mm movie camera.
The use of independent in its name was not literal, as it was a division of Warner Bros., itself a division of media conglomerate Time Warner.
As of 2012, the company was listed the fourth-largest in the world among the Forbes Global 2000, further metrics being taken into account.
The Brown-Forman Corporation is one of the largest American-owned companies in the spirits and wine business.
ERCO hired Harold Morehouse, former engineer in charge of small engine design at Continental Motors, to design a new engine.
New Jersey Bell was founded in 1904 as an AT&T company serving southern New Jersey, named Delaware and Atlantic Telegraph & Telephone Company.
Dave Kaemmer left Papyrus in late 2002, just before the release of NASCAR Racing 2003 Season.
He began the productions of Grand Concert Harps.
The company was founded in 1926 as Investors Syndicate.
A secondary studio was maintained in Naha, Okinawa prefecture, Japan.
PrimeCo's operations in Hawaii were sold to Sprint PCS in 1999.
Berliet was a French manufacturer of automobiles, buses, trucks and military vehicles among other vehicles based in Vénissieux, outside of Lyon, France.
Trinity Mirror's headquarters are at Canary Wharf in London.
Nevada Bell Telephone Company, originally Bell Telephone Company of Nevada, was the Bell System's telephone provider in Nevada.
In November 2001, Cognis was bought by private equity funds Permira, GS Capital Partners and SV Life Sciences.
Zagato is an independent coachbuilding company and total design center located northwest of Milan in the Terrazzano frazione of Rho, Lombardy, Italy.
Mitsuoka Motors is a small Japanese automobile company.
CamelBak is also a supplier of hydration packs, protective gear, and other products to the U.S. military and law enforcement agencies around the world.
In 2002, it sold the company's assets to Cendant Corporation, which also owned Avis and in September 2006, Cendant Corporation separated into four independent companies.
The directors decided in the late 1940s that the company was too small to survive alone and agreed a take over by AEC.
The first cinema to use the Odeon brand name was Deutsch's cinema at Perry Barr, Birmingham in 1930.
Advance Newspapers, based in Hudsonville, Michigan, publishes weekly community newspapers for Kent County, Michigan and portions of Muskegon, Ottawa, and Allegan counties.
As of 2017, it remains among the largest online poker card rooms.
HP Hood operates as a subsidiary of Catamount Dairy Holdings LP, based in Chelsea, Massachusetts.
The brand achieved significant popularity in the 1960s, through the endorsement of The Beatles' drummer Ringo Starr.
Meanwhile, in 1989, IBM had introduced its own TCP/IP offering on MVS.
The company had 2013 sales of $16.3 billion, across two businesses: BioScience and Medical Products.
In 1925, the railway activities were separated from the Romeo company, and in 1928, Nicola Romeo left.
Candover Investments is structured as an investment trust.
Merchant Ivory Productions is a film company founded in 1961 by producer Ismail Merchant and director James Ivory.
PG&E's and WAPA's Path 15 and Path 66, respectively, from Buttonwillow north eventually connect to BPA's grid in the Pacific Northwest.
In 1998 it took over the operations from the previous gaming operator Harrah's Entertainment.
Kurzweil Music Systems is an American company that produces electronic musical instruments.
It was founded by Chung Ju-yung in 1947 as a construction firm and Chung was directly in control of the company until his death in 2001.
The company claims that its products are chemically safer than other brands.
These relationships with Eastman and others helped keep Tooton's business up-to-date with photo technology as well as Industry standards.
Carl Zeiss AG is the premier company of the Zeiss Gruppe, one of the two large divisions of the Carl-Zeiss-Stiftung.
Hamm's Brewing Co. All Hamm's Brands are now brewed by the Miller Brewing Company of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Six Apart is headquartered in Tokyo and is planning to open an office in New York.
of Health and Human Services investigated Humana in 2009 for sending flyers to Medicare recipients that the AARP characterized as deceptive.
Debswana Diamond Company Ltd, or simply Debswana, is a mining company located in Botswana, and is the world's leading producer of diamonds by value.
POWERGRID also operates a telecom business under the name POWERTEL.
ProQuest is part of Cambridge Information Group.
The ongoing second phase of expansion is set to make it the sixth largest producer of the metal in the world.
The act and the company's articles of incorporation further stipulate that Brewers Retail cannot sell "hard liquor", or consumer goods.
The Pep Boys: Manny, Moe & Jack, is an American automotive aftermarket retail and service chain.
The company had technology for virtualization, cloud automation and backup and recovery.
Early members who helped expand the club were Curtis W. Hughes, Kenneth J.
Nepal Telecom Launched 4G LTE Service on 1 January 2017.
Western Wireless traces its roots to Stanton Communications, founded in 1988 by John W. Stanton and Theresa Gillespie.
As of 2007, they manufactured over 197 products for facial and body skin care, lip care, hair care, baby care, men's grooming, and outdoor remedies.
Monnett designs are displayed in the Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center of the National Air and Space Museum near Washington D.C.
SATS subsidiaries includes SATS Airport Services, SATS Catering, SATS Security Services, Aero Laundry & Linen Services, Aerolog Express, Country Foods Pte Ltd. and Singapore Food Industries.
United Gas Pipe Line Co. v. Mccombs, 442 U.S. 529
Puget Sound Energy is a Washington state energy utility providing electrical power and natural gas primarily in the Puget Sound region of the northwest United States.
Following a hostile takeover of the Damon Corporation in 1989, Estes Industries was divested and became part of Hobby Products.
Scholastic had cut the number of employees to just nine people earlier in 2015.
WebMoney Transfer also provides online financial services, P2P payment solutions, internet based trading platforms, merchant services and online billing systems.
Audi-branded vehicles are produced in nine production facilities worldwide.
Landmark Theatres is the United States' largest theater chain dedicated to exhibiting and marketing independent and foreign films.
Simulations Publications, Inc. was an American publisher of board wargames and related magazines, particularly its flagship Strategy & Tactics, in the 1970s and early 1980s.
Foreign direct investment by country and by industry are tracked by Statistics Canada; the total in 2012 of FDI was CAD$634bn.
The stores included branches of Pathmark, A&P, Waldbaums, Food Emporium and Food Basics USA.
The company can be recognized by its green crocodile logo.
During that year PREIT acquired six shopping malls from The Rouse Company, sold several multifamily residential properties, and completed a merger with Crown American Realty Trust.
The Carlsberg Group reported organic operating profit of 5% in 2016.
Evinrude Outboard Motors is an American company that builds a major brand of outboard motors for boats.
Spyker or Spijker was a Dutch car manufacturer started in 1880 by smelters Jacobus and Hendrik-Jan Spijker as a coach production company.
Yamaichi Securities Co., Ltd. was a Japanese securities trading firm.
Making heartfelt communication between you and Dipper Dan, that's our wishness.
Premier Foods also produce cakes under the Cadbury's name, using the brand under licence.
Verizon Pennsylvania LLC, formerly traded as Bell of Pennsylvania, is the Bell Operating Company serving most of Pennsylvania.
In 1983, it was renamed and rebranded with more emphasis placed on consumer electronics.
It is headquartered in Hauppauge, New York.
According to Cofetel, as of July 2008, Telcel's subscribers represented an estimated 77.2% share of the Mexican wireless market.
Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc. is the franchiser and operator of Popeyes restaurants like Popeyes Chicken and Biscuits and Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen.
Only 2000 of each of these vehicles were produced for Canada.
Schlitterbahn began its first park, Schlitterbahn Waterpark Resort, in 1979.
Studio XD is best known for illustrating the X-Men: Evolution comics, but they also illustrate many other comics including Robotech and Last Shot.
On May 29, 2009, Deadline Games filed for bankruptcy, only a few months after releasing Watchmen: The End Is Nigh.
It was acquired by HSBC in 1980, and changed its name to HSBC Bank USA in 1999.
The company began making cars in 1919 and diversified into light commercial vehicles in 1924.
In 1987, the company suspended film production in order to concentrate on the television industry through its subsidiary TVB.
It was created in the year 2000 following the EU directive on the deregulation of rail transport.
Once the supply of parts ran out, the company manufactured various aircraft components including radios and dirgible gondolas.
Acura's 2005 RL flagship introduced SH-AWD, a torque-vectoring all-wheel drive system.
Panavision operates exclusively as a rental facility—the company owns its entire inventory, unlike most of its competitors.
Threadless designs are created by and chosen by an online community.
At the end of 2015, Cargotec had approximately 11,000 personnel working in over 100 countries.
It was ranked 486th in the 2014 Fortune Global 500 ranking of the world's biggest corporations.
As of 2010 the bulk of the group is part of the ArcelorMittal multinational steel group, where it is known as ArcelorMittal Liege.
Second Cup Coffee Co. is a Canadian specialty coffee retailer operating more than 300 cafes across the country.
Company turnover in 2015 was 7.3 billion NOK with 800 employees and 1 800,000 active customers
The Royal Mint is a government owned mint that produces coins for the United Kingdom.
Cargill remains a family-owned business, as the descendants of the founder own over 90% of the company.
It was founded in 1981 by Jimmy Lambatos and sold to Rick and Richard Schaden ten years later, before growing to nearly 5,000 restaurants afterwards.
The firm serves institutional clients including pension funds, endowments, foundations, foreign governments and central banks.
BD was one of the first companies to sell U.S.-made glass syringes.
In 2014 Gloria Jeans was purchased by the Retail Food Group for $163.5 million.
Originally independent, it was acquired by THQ in 2001, until being acquired by Nordic Games in 2013, and incorporated as Rainbow Studios Inc., in 2015.
There are both national products, sold in only one country, and international products, sold in all countries.
It was the first lesbian/feminist bookstore in the U.S.
Magnum Photos is an international photographic cooperative owned by its photographer-members, with offices in New York City, Paris, London and Tokyo.
GS comprises GS Holdings, subsidiaries & affiliates including GS Caltex, GS Retail, GS Shop, GS EPS, GS Global, GS Sports and GS E&C among others.
Emerging Markets: Manages a broad investment program across the Middle East and North Africa region, including LBOs, funds and co-investments, infrastructure, growth and development capital
In July 2014 the company was acquired by the international company Lindt & Sprüngli.
The company, previously named the Fender Electric Instrument Manufacturing Company, was founded in Fullerton, California, by Clarence Leonidas "Leo" Fender in 1946.
AbeBooks is an e-commerce global online marketplace with seven national domains that offers Books, Fine Art, and Collectibles from sellers in 50+ countries.
William Isaly's first dairy was established in Mansfield, Ohio where he acquired the Mansfield Pure Milk Company.
A group of nine employees left the Cyrix division of Via in March 2000 to staff the company.
LEOC JAPAN Co., Ltd. is Japan's most famous catering service company.
Many of the products of the company and its successors were badged with the Lloyd marque.
The magazine has more than 100,000 subscribers in over 17 countries.
The sale of HMV's Hong Kong and Singapore business to private equity firm Aid Partners was completed on 28 February 2013.
On April 12, 2010, HP completed the acquisition of 3Com.
With six business segments and 60 active companies, Emaar has collective presence in 36 markets across the Middle East, North Africa, Pan-Asia, Europe and North America.
Firstly, processing sensory input, which transforms these low-level information to higher-level information.
The company has field offices in every U.S. state, plus operations in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Singapore, China, Canada, and Brazil.
Magna operates under a corporate constitution which calls for distribution of profits to employees and shareholders.
Eastern Mountain Sports is an outdoor clothing and equipment retailer in the U.S. Northeast headquartered in Meriden, Connecticut.
Today, Nordisk Film is the oldest movie production company in operation in the world.
On October 4, 2016, DC announced that Wildstorm would be revived by comic writer Warren Ellis.
It provides 14 million people with electricity across a service territory of approximately 50,000 square miles.
It was an independent company until August 2011, but has worked exclusively with Sony Interactive Entertainment since 2000.
In 1938 Zellwolle Lenzing AG was founded, starting pulp and viscose fiber production and in 1962 the company's name was changed to Chemiefaser Lenzing AG.
The Company is one of the fastest growing cinema chains in Europe with current plans to open 36 new multiplexes based on existing binding lease agreements.
Hitachi Cable, Ltd. was established in 1956 as a manufacturer of electric wire and cable for power distribution.
The publisher's program focuses on books for children, i.e.
In 1985, Unicord Corporation was purchased by Korg, and Univox brand was discontinued due to a fire at the Matsumoku factory in 1987.
It has minor renewable energy activities in the form of biofuels.
Until September 2012 MAN SE was one of the top 30 companies listed on the German stock exchange.
Pavlovsky Avtobusny Zavod is a manufacturer of buses in Russia, located in the city of Pavlovo, Nizhny Novgorod Oblast.
It has a global workforce of over 19,000 employees, 84 subsidiary and 3 affiliated companies operating in 55 countries.
It inherited the traditions of UK air traffic control, which was the world's first air traffic control regime.
Its stated mission is to accelerate the move to a sustainable, low carbon economy.
Since its founding in 1884, BIW has built private, commercial and military vessels, most of which have been ordered by the United States Navy.
Pancho's also provides takeout and catering services.
Headquartered in the City of London, it is traded on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
Its headquarters and main plant are in Eindhoven.
Pacnet was a global telecommunications service provider between 2008 and 2015.
The word Odigo comes from the Greek "οδηγώ" which means "I guide/lead/drive/steer".
Whittman-Hart was a services company dealing with digital communications.
Bitburger brewery is a large German brewery founded in 1817 by Johann Wallenborn.
It sells clothing, footwear, perfume, leather goods, watches, eyewear, and most famously polo shirts.
After World War II the company diversified into mechanical engineering and boat-building.
The station is partly owned by Nihon Keizai Shimbun.
Globally, T-Mobile International's subsidiaries had a combined total of approximately 230 million subscribers.
Tom Lee Engineering Ltd. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Tom Lee Music.
Timbuk2 is owned by private equity firms VMG Equity Partners and Capital Logic Partners.
Its rail services began on 7 November 1987.
Malibu also owned a small software development company that designed video games in the early to mid-1990s called Malibu Interactive.
Matthew spoke highly of the youth theatre on the night of the celebrations and the following morning on his own show.
SNB was the first public sector multi-service agency to be established in Canada.
It supports a variety of features found in today's engines, such as hardware shaders support, continuous world loading, asynchronous resource management and a flexible gameplay system.
The company was owned by Invensys plc before being sold to Siemens in 2013.
BBN became a wholly owned subsidiary of Raytheon in 2009.
The first and headquarters store of Animate opened in 1983 and is located in Ikebukuro, a district in Tokyo, Japan.
SL Corporation is a multinational automotive components manufacturing company headquartered in Gyeongsan, South Korea.
As of 2016, It now owned by Apollo.
Barrett Firearms Manufacturing is an American manufacturer of firearms and ammunition located in the unincorporated town of Christiana, Tennessee.
Its first release was Big Jim McLain with Warner Brothers in 1952, and its final film was also with Warner Brothers, McQ, in 1974.
The group came into existence in 1996 when the company was established as the owner of the Skycity Auckland complex.
As of 30 September 2016, Infineon had 36,299 employees worldwide.
TomTom NV is a Dutch company that produces traffic, navigation and mapping products.
On 16 September 2013, Ragdoll Worldwide was sold to Canadian production company DHX Media for £17.4 million.
The Swedish State Railways or SJ, originally the Royal Railway Board, was the former government agency responsible for operating the state railways in Sweden.
The San Diego Convention Center is the primary convention center in San Diego, California.
ORBCOMM is licensed to provide service in more than 130 countries and territories worldwide.
As WeatherData Services, Inc., an AccuWeather company, the Wichita facility now houses AccuWeather’s specialized severe weather forecasters.
The division was subdivided into four sub-sectors; coal, petroleum, metals and construction.
The Crossroads Group was a Dallas-based private equity fund of funds firm focusing on venture capital investments.
Devon Energy Corporation is an independent natural gas, natural gas liquids, and petroleum producer focused on onshore exploration and production in North America.
Today the DDSG exists in the form of the two private companies DDSG-Blue Danube Schiffahrt GmbH and the DDSG-Cargo GmbH.
FTLife has over 2,800 financial consultants and staff.
Destination was founded in Austin, Texas to develop massively multiplayer online role-playing games.
Spark has officially laid off all of their staff, and closed down in May 2015.
Sprocket Systems moved from San Anselmo following a disastrous flood in January 1982.
The company was incorporated in London on 18 April 1888, and granted a royal charter by Queen Victoria on 6 September 1888.
Premier Cruise Line, a subsidiary of Premier Cruises, was a cruise line that was headquartered in Cape Canaveral, Florida.
Founded in Eugene, Oregon, the company now has offices in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States and its headquarters in Vancouver, Washington.
Changhe, officially Jiangxi Changhe Automobile Co Ltd, is a Chinese automobile manufacturer based in Jingdezhen, Jiangxi province, China.
DayQuil was introduced in 1974 under the name "DayCare" and is currently advertised for daytime use because of its non-drowsy active ingredients.
Cosgrove Hall was once a major producer of children's television and animated programmes; Cosgrove Hall's programmes are still seen in over eighty countries.
They have a plastic concavity in the sole, which allows the wearer to grind on objects such as pipes, handrails, and stone ledges.
The company also built the two crawler-transporters used by NASA for transporting the Saturn V rocket and later the Space Shuttle to their launch pads.
In 2016 Barrick produced 5.52 million ounces of gold at all-in sustaining costs of $730 per ounce.
Launched as a PC maker, it diversified into IT distribution, systems integration and providing of internet services and manufacturing.
Washington Federal is a Washington Corporation headquartered in Seattle, Washington.
Today the name is used by a number of Australian bus operators.
It is the largest railway freightcarrier in Poland and second largest in the European Union.
Videos deemed potentially offensive are available only to registered users affirming themselves to be at least 18 years old.
It is responsible for monitoring and securing the interior security in Norway.
As its primary product, it provides an independent software repository for Solaris in a similar manner to the repositories for Linux distributions.
Porterbrook is one of the three major rolling stock operating companies in the United Kingdom.
The company charged shoppers a $25 annual membership fee to purchase bulk products at discount prices in a no-frills warehouse setting.
They reached commercial success with their hit game MapleStory and were absorbed into their publishing company, Nexon America.
East Side Mario's is a Canadian chain of casual dining restaurants, managed by its parent holding company Prime Restaurants.
In February 2013, Vodafone New Zealand launched their LTE network which is currently available in 54 centres in total.
Steyr-Daimler-Puch was a large manufacturing conglomerate based in Steyr, Austria, which was broken up in stages between 1987 and 2001.
Huggies is the brand name of a disposable diaper marketed by Kimberly-Clark.
Currently, its films are distributed by Warner Bros.
Bigelow Aerospace is an American space technology startup company, based in North Las Vegas, Nevada that manufactures and develops expandable space station modules.
The chain operates 24 flagship, boutique, and warehouse stores in the United States.
Marlin Firearms Co., formerly of North Haven, Connecticut, is a manufacturer of semi-automatic, lever-action, and bolt-action rifles.
An Post provides a "universal postal service" to all parts of the country as a member of the Universal Postal Union.
The website provides a platform for members to stay as a guest at someone's home, host travelers, meet other members, or join an event.
It specializes in mountain bikes but also has other types.
It was founded in 1971 by Charles R. Schwab.
On 15 May 2007, the Thomson Corporation reached an agreement with Reuters to combine the two companies, a deal valued at $17.2 billion.
It operated over 450 stores in 31 states and the District of Columbia.
Nuance merged with its competitor in the commercial large-scale speech application business, ScanSoft, in October 2005.
Headquartered in Miami, Florida, Sitel is one of the world’s leading outsourcing providers of customer experience management.
BBC Sport is a department of the BBC North division providing national sports coverage for BBC Television, radio and online.
The relaunch of the Oxford Street store in London received considerable media interest, and was attended by several celebrities, including the actor James Corden.
Monocoque bodies without a chassis became general for mass-produced cars and Facel lost their big customers.
In 1990, Iveco took over Enasa, and the Pegaso name disappeared in 1994.
Some of these modules take the form of sensory maps, mapping some aspect of the world across part of the brain's surface.
Palm developed several versions of Palm OS for PDAs and smartphones.
The company's initial public offering was completed on October 28, 1993.
Phoenix Venture Holdings, also known as the Phoenix Consortium, was a British company formed by four businessmen.
The Odyssey Bookshop is an independent bookstore in South Hadley, Massachusetts.
The mission of Seattle BioMed's 250+ employees is to eliminate the world's most devastating infectious diseases through leadership in scientific discovery.
The company's security products include products for protection against email, web surfing, web hackers and instant messaging threats such as spam, spyware, trojans, and viruses.
It represents many motor brands and is based in Stretford, Manchester.
Founded in 1991 and headquartered in Amsterdam, the company currently has 4,600 employees worldwide and sells products in over 50 countries.
Various organizations tried to perpetuate the Indian Brand name in subsequent years, with limited success.
The Hazelden Foundation is a non-profit organization based in Center City, Minnesota.
VR or VR Group is a state-owned railway company in Finland.
Twickenham Studios is a film studio in St Margarets, London, United Kingdom used by various motion picture and television companies.
It is best known for its grand pianos, upright pianos, electronic keyboards and electronic synthesizers.
It is the largest telecommunications equipment manufacturer in the world, having overtaken Ericsson in 2012.
The company expanded throughout the U.S., Canada, and Mexico.
LKAB has subsidiaries for industrial minerals with processing plants in Sweden, Finland, the UK, the Netherlands, Turkey and China.
In addition, Hancom’s near-bankruptcy brought the issue of software piracy under the national spotlight.
On 19 October 2015, ITV announced it would buy UTV for £100 million, with ownership transferring to ITV on 29 February 2016.
The company was founded in 1985 as DigiBoard and went public as Digi International in 1989.
Lionhead started as a breakaway from developer Bullfrog Productions, which was also founded by Molyneux.
The system was at least partially online by March 1992, and open to the public in November of that year.
Approximately 70% of the gas infrastructure has been completed using 'No Dig' technology.
Its most popular brand is Sampoerna 'A' Mild, a filter cigarette in white paper.
Verotik is an American mature-themed comic book company founded in August 1994 by heavy metal/horror punk musician Glenn Danzig.
The company's main route runs between Central and Tsim Sha Tsui.
By November 2011 the former assembly buildings were dismantled and the factory test track was sold for other use.
It attempted to buy the Enron energy trading firm in 2001, but disengaged from the proposed acquisition due to the scandal at Enron.
In Taiwan, TVB operates through its TVBS subsidiary.
On July 9, 2008, Activision merged with Vivendi Games, culminating in the inclusion of the Blizzard brand name in the title of the resulting holding company.
At its peak in 2004, Western Wireless provided service to 1.4 million domestic subscribers.
The Luxembourg rail system comprises 275 route-kilometres, of which 140 km is double track and 135 km single track.
David Pedrick designed for the new owners starting in the mid 90's after Tillotson-Pearson Composites sold the yacht division off.
It currently operates more than 1262 stores as of May 31, 2014.
After the acquisition, many of the studio's original developers, largely responsible for creating the Heretic and Hexen: Beyond Heretic games, left to form Human Head Studios.
Rogers Telecom Inc. is a subsidiary of Rogers Communications.
Fairmont Hotels & Resorts is a Canadian operator of luxury hotels and resorts.
Aérospatiale formed several large-scale international consortia, for example with British Aerospace and Messerschmitt-Bölkow-Blohm to form Airbus, and ultimately merged into European aerospace company EADS in 2000.
Bata is a family-owned global footwear and fashion accessory manufacturer and retailer with acting headquarters located in Lausanne, Switzerland.
The company's headquarters are located in Norway's oil capital Stavanger.
Headquartered in Montreal, Telefilm provides services to the Canadian audiovisual industry with four regional offices in Vancouver, Toronto, Montreal and Halifax.
2001 also saw an increase of nearly 500,000 tickets sold.
The company was started by Cameron's father, Walter Grant in the 1940s.
It developed and operates the Transport Direct Portal which is a public facing multi-modal journey planner.
Arcinella Assets and Sforza Properties hold 7% respective 6.5% of the shares, six others hold 5% each; the remaining 48% are spread in smaller allotments.
It was created in 1982 as the mass-market car manufacturing subsidiary of British Leyland.
The company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Intel.
Eddy Bakeries, formerly a wholly owned subsidiary, was merged into General Baking as a division.
They also serve coffee, frozen beverages, and sub sandwiches.
Riverside Health System is a non-profit healthcare organization based in Newport News, Virginia.
Company's long-lived advertisement slogan was "United States Tires are Good Tires."
Niederegger marzipan made by 'canditors' since the days of the Hanseatic League is classed as 100% marzipan.
Bastiaens resigned in August 1996, and Quarterdeck continued under acting Co-CEOs King R. Lee, and Anatoly Tikhman, the former CEO of Vertisoft.
In December 2003, the production was stopped for financial reasons.
The firm is established and led by four partners: Ron Fisher, Eric Hippeau, Steve Murray, and Michael Perlis.
Leap has all-digital CDMA 1X, EV-DO and LTE networks that have expanded significantly in the past few years.
In 2015, Peugeot returned to the Dakar Rally after its four victories in the 1980s.
Magnetic Video Corporation is a defunct home video/home audio duplication service, that operated between 1968-1982.
In the early 1990s, Woody's started a few regular locations around the island.
In 1964, Hornby and Meccano were bought by their competitor, Tri-Ang, and sold on when Tri-ang went into receivership.
The company markets its products and services under more than 35 different brands worldwide.
Alpena Power has one 138KV interconnection with Consumers Energy/METC.
It held around 25% market share in the enterprise VSAT marketplace, according to the Comsys 2005 industry study.
Lafayette Radio Electronics Corporation was a radio manufacturer and retailer based in Syosset, New York.
Cryptomathic has its headquarters in Aarhus, Denmark.
In 2008, Banedanmark announced plans for the conversion of signalling across the entire national network to European Train Control System Level 2.
These underwriters, or "members", are a collection of both corporations and private individuals, the latter being traditionally known as "Names".
Sur La Table plans to include a kitchen into every new store that they open.
The American subsidiary, Data East USA, had been headquartered in San Jose, California.
Making a smiley face with ketchup on the paper plate when serving French fries is a Johnny Rockets trademark.
Silja Line is a Finnish cruiseferry brand operated by the Estonian ferry company AS Tallink Grupp, for car and passenger traffic between Finland and Sweden.
Obsidian has developed a close relationship with another studio that was founded by ex-Interplay Entertainment employees, inXile Entertainment.
They work in fields such as fast-moving consumer goods, impulse products, beauty and personal care, fashion, baby, telecommunications and entertainment.
Carlsen is one of the ten biggest publishers of children's books.
The division is headquartered in Irvine, California.
Based in Indianapolis, USATF is a non-profit organization with a membership of nearly 100,000.
Their first project was NHL Hitz Pro, which was published by Midway Games in 2003.
Packard was an American luxury automobile marque built by the Packard Motor Car Company of Detroit, Michigan, United States.
Uralvagonzavod is a Russian machine building company located in Nizhny Tagil, Russia.
Its shares are listed on the London Stock Exchange and the FTSE 100 Index.
Essilor is responsible for creating Varilux, the world's first progressive lens which corrects presbyopia and allows clear vision in the wearer's near, intermediate and far vision.
They only use four natural ingredients: spring water from Caledon, Ontario; hops from Czech Republic and Germany; two-row barley; and yeast.
The Geometry Engine was the first very-large-scale integration implementation of a geometry pipeline, specialized hardware that accelerated the "inner-loop" geometric computations needed to display three-dimensional images.
In June 2011 it ceased trading as a separate brand, and became part of QR National.
Since 2011, Hans-Jürgen Abt has run the company.
As of November 2011, it has five principal art directors and over 100 employees.
Founded in 1999, the label can be found in premium doors across Australia, North America and Europe.
The company was formed in 1956 in Southbridge, Massachusetts, and its headquarters were located in Braintree, Massachusetts.
Private shareholders are from Saudi Arabia and other countries of the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council.
The company has been a subsidiary of Hasbro since 1999.
David Teten is a venture capitalist, a serial entrepreneur, an author, and a frequent keynote speaker.
The chain was reported to be struggling with heavy debt and falling sales.
Paramount Resources Ltd. is a Canadian petroleum company that was incorporated in 1978.
Timbuk2 is one of the few remaining manufacturing facilities operating in San Francisco.
There were times in which two different May's own stores had operated in the same geographical market but were aimed at different customers.
As subsidiary of a television company, ZDS could obtain monitors at cost.
Astral was rebranded in 2003 by Brandient, when it launched a new marketing image as well as the motto Created to evolve.
It is oil-free and can be applied to all types of skin because of its simplicity and non-harsh chemical build up.
As part of a program honoring important horse racing tracks and racing stables, the Pennsylvania Railroad named its baggage car #5865 the "Castleton Farm".
As of 2016 the company had won 32 IFMAR World titles.
Salem owns 117 radio stations in 38 markets, including 60 stations in the top 25 markets and 29 in the top 10.
Some programs feature local journalists from radio, print and TV media.
It held radio, television broadcasting and publishing assets in several countries, primarily in Canada.
The restaurant is known for its red and yellow colour scheme and meat pies.
In 1990, is established ROMPRES and six years later ROMPRES becomes a member of the European Alliance of News Agencies.
Yahoo was one of the pioneers of the early Internet era in the 1990s.
In 2005, H.323 support was added to communicate with traditional video conferencing equipment.
Its offices are headquartered in the Glenside neighborhood of Cheltenham Township on the northern border of Philadelphia.
The firm has built many bridges in the U.S. and elsewhere; the Historic American Engineering Record notes at least 81.
Tandberg Data GmbH is a company focused on data storage products, especially streamers, headquartered in Dortmund, Germany.
Olympic Arms, Inc. was a manufacturer and marketer of AR-15 and M16 pattern rifles, carbines and pistols.
Founded by Thomas Haffa, after the fallout from the dot-com bubble and reorganisation, the company has grown through acquisition.
Toyo Keizai Inc. is a book and magazine publisher specializing in politics, economics and business, based in Tokyo, Japan.
They also distribute titles from Relativity Media, EuropaCorp U.S.A., Annapurna Pictures and Entertainment One.
The company later branched out into live action shorts, series, comedy, Let's Play videos and full animated productions.
In October 2004, the company was acquired by Google, which converted it into a web application.
Emaar Properties is a real estate development company located in the United Arab Emirates.
Colt's Manufacturing Company now serves the civilian market, while Colt Defense serves the law enforcement, military, and private security markets worldwide.
Tranz Rail, formally Tranz Rail Holdings Limited, was the main rail operator in New Zealand from 1991 until it was purchased by Toll Holdings in 2003.
Groupe Royer is the largest shoe distributor in Europe, distributing brands including Converse, New Balance, and Charles Jourdan.
Beginning in 2006, it partnered with Cisco Systems as the service provider for the Cisco IP VSAT Satellite Network WAN Module in the United States.
He sold the company to Sierra Entertainment in 1995, who was then bought out by Cendant and eventually, Vivendi Universal.
In the 2007–2008 business year, Esprit generated a worldwide sales of around €3.25 billion.
The company's head office has been in Södertälje since 1912.
Biwako Broadcasting Co., Ltd. is a fee-free commercial terrestrial television station serving Shiga Prefecture of Japan.
NationLink Telecom is a telecommunications firm based in Somalia.
It is headquartered in Woodland Hills, California, United States.
The company's CEO from mid-2004 onwards is Helge Lund, formerly CEO of Aker Kværner.
On 17 January 2013, the company closed the store along with the website, and the brand ceased to exist.
The company has $785B in assets under management and $1.4 trillion in assets under administration.
Raising awareness of the need for fair trade in the public and the role of the Fairtrade Mark in making trade fair.
Du Pont Motors was founded by E. Paul du Pont to produce marine engines for the Allied nations in World War I.
SIX Swiss Exchange also trades other securities such as Swiss government bonds and derivatives such as stock options.
The company was incorporated in 1994 and operates in more than 100 countries.
It was previously a multinational independent software vendor that was acquired by Parametric Technology Corporation on May 31, 2011.
The company was formed in 1933 by George Hollingbery as a business charging batteries for customers on a weekly basis.
Sandline ceased all operations on 16 April 2004.
However, these were sold off to Pacific Equity Partners in 2008, then were later sold again to REDgroup Retail.
It has a market share of 18% among mobile operators.
EMI was a British multinational conglomerate founded in March 1931 and was based in London.
In January 2017, American Apparel laid off 2,400 Southern California workers and started the process of shutting down company factories and closing its 110 stores.
Since 2010, the maintenance and the construction of the railway network have been the responsibility of the Finnish Transport Agency.
The company also previously owned and operated several acute care hospitals that specialized in orthopedics, but sold all of those hospitals by 2006.
In 2011, Waves won a Technical Grammy Award.
As part of this rich legacy, it was instrumental in the transport of many hundreds of thousands of immigrants from the Netherlands to North America.
Eilam previously headed the company's Americas division.
In October 2008 the web page said: "Dear Accoona search users, Due to an overwhelmingly competitive search market, Accoona.com and Accoona.cn will no longer be active.
In 2004 Frog City was bought by Gathering, which was itself bought by Take 2 Interactive in 2005.
These are marketed under the brand name FermaSol.
The company was established in 1978 as part of the Chessie System and Seaboard Coast Line Industries merger.
During that year Nanjing merged with SAIC Motor.
Citigold is a bank account product offered by Citibank for customers that maintain a bank account balance of at least US$200,000.
Their phone services use the Telstra GSM and CDMA networks and they resell Telstra ADSL.
The majority of Hammerson's portfolio is in the United Kingdom, but is also operates in continental Europe, including operations in France, Ireland, Spain, and Germany.
While the bank has many stakeholders, prominent shareholders include the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi, along with several major Japanese insurance companies
The group's corporate headquarters is in North Ryde, a suburb of Sydney.
The brand was launched in the United States and Canada in March 1986, marketing luxury, performance, and high-performance vehicles.
Granada acquired a 68% controlling interest of the newly formed company whilst Carlton retained the 32% remaining shares.
Magma software products were used in major elements of chip development, including: synthesis, placement, routing, power management, circuit simulation, verification and analog/mixed-signal design.
Since then, Cinemex has opened cineplexes in Mexico City, Guadalajara, Monterrey, Toluca, Cd.
The Swan Brewery is a brewing company, whose brewery was located in Perth, Western Australia.
Chevrolet vehicles will continue to be marketed in the CIS states, including Russia.
Datel is a UK-based electronics and game console peripherals manufacturer.
It was named for the Philippine national flower, sampaguita.
They steadily expanded, owning many theaters in New York and across the country.
In addition, the firm operates the Gulf Opportunity Fund investing in the MENA region, and a number of technology funds.
During its most successful period in the 1920s and 1930s, it dominated the civil aviation market.
Headquartered in Manhattan Beach, California, the brand was founded in 1992.
Sadia's former chairman Luís Fernando Furlan was appointed Minister of Industry and Foreign Trade by president Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva in 2003.
Despite efforts over the years to restore it, the Bonwit Teller brand is now defunct.
Sevin Rosen Funds is a venture capital firm that was established in 1980 by L. J. Sevin and Ben Rosen.
Velocette is the name given to motorcycles made by Veloce Ltd, in Hall Green, Birmingham, England.
The VAZ factory is the largest car manufacturer in Russia and one of the largest in the world, with over 140 kilometres of production lines.
On 12 September 2013, Blitz Games Studios announced that they had ceased trading after being unable to secure funds to sustain the business.
Gazprom also produced about 32.3 million tons of crude oil and nearly 12.1 million tons of gas condensate.
VIE ceased to exist in mid-2003 after being acquired by French publisher Titus Software who rebranded them to Avalon Interactive in July of that year.
The game was released on Steam on 30 September 2008.
It ran 3 branches throughout the area, with its head office in Airdrie at the time of closure.
The company also produces the Scream TV series for MTV.
NS runs 4,800 scheduled domestic trains a day, serving 1.1 million passengers.
Embratel is a major Brazilian telecommunications company headquartered in Rio de Janeiro.
The company had eight properties in seven markets.
Cangene was 61% owned by Canadian pharmaceutical giant Apotex and was publicly listed on the TSX under the symbol CNJ.
Getronics is an ICT service company, founded in 1887, Amsterdam, Netherlands.
The company also maintains a small division which does software and system development for military and government agencies.
Since 1997, it has been part of the Meyer Neptun Group together with Neptun Werft in Rostock.
It later became a subsidiary of New World Entertainment and eventually of News Corporation.
DHW itself filed for insolvency on 2014-08-15 and was dissolved in April 2015, thereby ending any further production of cameras, lenses and accessories.
Candlewood Suites is a hotel chain within the InterContinental Hotels Group.
Chili's Grill & Bar is an American casual dining restaurant chain that features Tex-Mex-style cuisine.
Prior to manufacturing PCs, the company was called NPC Electronics.
Skyworth, full name Hong Kong Skyworth Digital Holdings Co., Ltd., is a Chinese holding company.
Alaska Communications is a telecommunications corporation headquartered in Anchorage, Alaska.
In the Philippines Tabacalera is also the common name of Compañia General de Tabacos de Filipinas, S.A.
The company also built its own thrill rides and roller coasters from 1998 to 2001.
Chery's principal products are passenger cars, minivans, and SUVs; it sells passenger cars under the Chery marque and commercial vehicles under the Karry brand.
Its international operations were headquartered in Utrecht, The Netherlands.
Electric vehicle company Green4U, founded in September 2016, currently owns Panoz LLC, Team Panoz Racing and DeltaWing.
Following World War II, Zündapp expanded into the microcar, moped and scooter markets.
The goal of AEC is to create local capabilities in strategic areas like advanced manufacturing technologies, communication systems, and product support.
The Black Sun Press evolved into one of the most important small presses in Paris in the 1920s.
Its foreign divisions, such as the one based in China, still require IE.
Its capital was two hundred eight million yen and its sales were twelve billion four hundred million yen as of March 2004.
All the electrified lines use 25 kV AC electric traction.
deCODE genetics, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company based in Reykjavík, Iceland.
Complex games could and did take days or even weeks, and AH set up a system for people to play games by mail.
This was unexpected, given that commercial broadcasters around the world normally interrupt their programs to make money.
Mahindra Satyam was an Indian IT services company based in Hyderabad, India.
Cunard withdrew from its year-round service in 1968 to concentrate on cruising and summer transatlantic voyages for vacationers.
The chain is known for its vintage photographs hung closely spaced throughout the entire restaurant; it is said that they have more than 2,500 pictures.
Mutant Enemy Productions is a production company that was created in 1996 by Joss Whedon to produce Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
AMX is an American manufacturer of video switching and control devices.
Its products now include equipment for radio amateurs, pilots, maritime applications, land mobile professional applications and radio scanner enthusiasts.
The first two parks were in the City of Garland and the City of The Colony, both in Texas.
It was reopened by GB Breweries, who became part of Bryggerigruppen in 1991, and in 2002 was sold to Gardener-Shaw for £3.4 million.
Touchstone Pictures merely serves as a brand and not a distinct business operation, and does not exist as a separate company.
It is wholly owned by Mars, Incorporated.
In March 2016, St-Hubert agreed to be purchased by Cara Operations, the owner of the rival Swiss Chalet rotisserie chicken chain, for $537 million.
Since 1992, Eagle Boys national headquarters have been located in Annerley, Queensland.
The company is named after a famous episode of early Reconstruction.
The game was a commercial disappointment, but received highly positive reviews and a positive post-release response.
The first batch of bottled Steam Whistle pilsner rolled off the line onto market on May 24, 2000
The sale of the DVD division at bankruptcy auction was announced August 10, 2015.
The system was introduced on January 21, 2002.
Its headquarters are located in the JR Central Towers in Nakamura-ku, Nagoya, Aichi Prefecture.
Engineering and Research Corporation was started by Henry Berliner in 1930.
Lithuanian Radio and Television Centre or LRTC for short, otherwise called as Telecentras, has the most extensive experience in the field of telecommunications among Lithuanian companies.
The separate pre-amp/power-amp CA-F1/BA-F1 topped the model range along with the AU-X1 integrated amplifier.
Tribhuvan das became the founding chairman of the organization which he led till his last day of his life.
TM Net was established in 1995 by Telekom Malaysia as part of Malaysia National Broadband Plan.
The Bufori MKI, MKII and MKIII La Joya are displayed at the Malaysian National Automotive Museum based at the Sepang International Circuit since 2003.
The company specializes in high-volume data processing applications and enterprise application integration.
The organisation maintains a freely available archive of opinion polls and public attitude research from 1970 onwards on its UK website.
The company's first commercial brew, 'Hightale Ale' amber ale, was released in October 1997.
In 1851, Samuel Colt filed and won a historic patent infringement lawsuit against the Massachusetts Arms Company.
Conn was divested of its Elkhart production facilities in 1970, leaving remaining production in satellite facilities and contractor sources.
Western Ferries Ltd is a private ferry company with its headquarters in Hunters Quay, Scotland.
Scientific Educational Korea or SEK Studio is a North Korean animation studio, based in Othan-dong, Central District, Pyongyang.
The company was the parent of Intersil.
Publix Super Markets, Inc., commonly known as Publix, is an employee-owned, American supermarket chain headquartered in Lakeland, Florida.
In 1989, the automobile division of Saab-Scania was restructured into an independent company, Saab Automobile AB.
In addition to DSL and mobile phone service, Saunalahti also offers Finnish users Voice over IP without a monthly fee.
In 2012, NCO and APAC Customer Services merged to form Expert Global Solutions.
Cineplex is also a joint partner in the Scene loyalty program with Scotiabank.
The Pulp, Paper & Paperboard Group consists of 9 pulp manufacturing plants, 5 paper manufacturing plants and 1 paperboard plant.
Columbia Sportswear also produces footwear, headgear, camping equipment, skiwear, and outerwear accessories.
Hubs of Panalpina are situated in Luxembourg, at Findel Airport, and in Huntsville, Alabama, at Huntsville International Airport.
Hampton by Hilton, formerly known as Hampton Inn, is a brand of hotels trademarked by Hilton Worldwide.
Still, the company suffered losses, which it attributed primarily to a mistake in Frank's Nursery's computerized accounts-payable system, which had understated the amount owed to suppliers.
The remaining businesses of CDC currently operate as Ceridian.
LS Group is a South Korean chaebol.
The company specializes in high-tech entertainment systems, films, film technologies, film-based software, and services.
On January 22, 2015, Family Dollar shareholders approved the Dollar Tree bid.
It is a subsidiary of Swimwear Anywhere.
The London Company struggled financially, especially with labor shortages in its Virginia colony.
It is a network TV station of NNN, FNN/FNS, and ANN.
Besides celebrities, West Coast Customs has also created vehicles for global brands such as Virgin, Nintendo, and Microsoft.
Its investment portfolio is managed by its three subsidiaries: GIC Asset Management Pte Ltd, GIC Real Estate Pte Ltd and GIC Special Investments Pte Ltd.
(680 ml) of iced teas, juice drinks and other beverages that retail for around the price of $0.99 in the United States.
Known for fashion items and basics at an affordable price point, the Supré product offering is aimed at the youth market.
Winbond is currently the largest brand name integrated circuit supplier in Taiwan, and one of the biggest suppliers of semiconductor solutions worldwide.
IFM Investors own a 35.5% stake in MAG.
In early 2003, the chain began franchising, and thus allowing for rapid expansion.
The company operates internationally providing property development and management services.
The company has a deal with SuperValu to place kiosks in their stores.
CITIC Capital Partners, a leading China based private equity firm, has a minority stake in Gerber Scientific alongside Vector.
Before the purchase, they were distributed by Genius Products and Sony Pictures Home Entertainment.
The MLP converted to a real estate investment trust on July 1, 1999 in order to obtain tax and accounting advantages available to real estate developers.
It was listed in NYSE with stock symbol "CYT".
It is known for unconventional designs, for its use of non-metal, composite materials, and for winning the Ansari X Prize with its experimental spacecraft SpaceShipOne.
It was founded by David Russell in 1978 and is headquartered in Evansville, Indiana.
Wiener Börse AG, together with its holding company, CEESEG, cooperates with over ten exchanges in CEE and is globally recognized for this unique know-how.
The acquisition was completed on October 1, 2007.
At its peak, Video Ezy had over 500 stores.
Associated British Ports Holdings Ltd owns and operates 21 ports in the United Kingdom, managing around 25 per cent of the UK's sea-borne trade.
They are a family-owned company which manufactures their shoes in Texas, United States of America.
In addition to automobiles, Daimler manufactures buses and provides financial services through its Daimler Financial Services arm.
The Carlsberg Group is a global brewer employing around 41,000 people, primarily located in Western Europe, Eastern Europe and Asia.
The brewery operations began in 1999 and were moved to the Keatings Hotel in 2005, where the Brewhouse also operates a restaurant and hotel.
Its principal business is Consumers Energy, a public utility that provides electricity and natural gas to more than 6 million of Michigan’s 10 million residents.
Li & Fung was founded in 1906 in modern-day Guangzhou and is headquartered in Hong Kong.
The postal division delivers 59 million letters each day in Germany, making it Europe's largest such company.
Chorus Communications was a communications provider in Ireland, it offered internet, television and telephone services.
In 2016, Celanese reported net sales of $5.4 billion.
RSA is known for allegedly incorporating backdoors developed by the NSA in its products.
Despite losing men crossing the Great Plains and later at the Snake River, they arrived in groups throughout January and February 1812 at Fort Astoria.
HES currently is the distributor for Saitek, Gamester and Mad Catz joysticks, cables, memory cards, and other peripherals.
Founded in 1941, the chain was headquartered in San Rafael, California until it was acquired by Cinemark Theatres from Plano, Texas in 2006.
They offer consumer tax software, formerly called TaxCut, as well as online tax preparation and electronic filing from their website.
Showa Denko is a member of the Mizuho keiretsu.
However, Harpoon root beer is currently available at both of their breweries.
The "Gates" in the firm's name is William H. Gates, Sr., father of Microsoft founder Bill Gates.
Makro is an international brand of Warehouse clubs, also called cash and carries.
The brand name currently exists as a brand under Córdoba Music Group.
However, in 2003, O2 sold the company to Greenfield Capital Partners.
In North America Asko only imports dishwashers and laundry.
CRL-published games that achieved critical success include Tau Ceti and Academy.
Case's corporate entities and brands changed repeatedly in the 1980s and 1990s.
After the acquisition, Nullsoft headquarters were moved to San Francisco, California.
The Company operates two business units and holds a 50% interest in a major joint venture with INEOS Group Limited, called INEOS NOVA.
There was a small but powerful set of system APIs, each with a synchronous and an asynchronous variant.
The head office of Ilyushin is located in Aeroport District, Northern Administrative Okrug, Moscow.
Wing Enterprises is a Springville, Utah company, and the largest manufacturer of American-made ladders.
"Teracom has always been the main shareholder in Boxer and acquiring all the shares is a logical continuation of that ownership.
The Chapter 11 case was ultimately converted to Chapter 7.
Extra power is exported from the province and Hydro-Québec supplies 10 per cent of New England's power requirements.
Funcom Oslo AS is a Norwegian video game developer specializing in online games.
Harrods Estates was started in 1897 and has expanded gradually since then.
Ibaraki Prefecture is located to the northeast of Tokyo and has a total population of 3,976,000.
In February 2011, GDF Suez acquired a 70% interest in International Power.
Regal has acquired several smaller chains since this merger; these, however, have been rebranded as Regal Cinemas.
It is the world's largest industrial gas company by market share as well as revenue.
Pierce Manufacturing is an Appleton, Wisconsin-based manufacturer of custom fire and rescue apparatus and a wholly owned subsidiary of Oshkosh Corporation.
Kemira Oyj is a chemical industry group that consists of three main segments.
Barrandov Studios is a famous set of film studios in Prague, Czech Republic.
George Ketchum founded the firm as a Pittsburgh-based advertising company in 1923.
K2 is known for pioneering fiberglass ski technology, which made skis significantly lighter and more lively than their wood and metal contemporaries.
The company is named after Lewis' 1967 film Something Weird, and the logo is taken from that film's original poster art.
Cabela's mail-order catalogs are shipped to 50 states and 120 countries.
From the late 1990s the make has been popular among football fan 'casuals' in England and throughout the rest of Europe.
The company was formed in Flint, Michigan, in 1993.
In 2005 Computas Technology was merged with Troux Technologies, which was acquired by Planview Inc. in 2015.
Stephan Shakespeare, the firm's CEO as of 2017, once stood as a Conservative candidate for Colchester; he was also a Conservative Party pollster.
and formerly Tricon Global Restaurants, Inc., is an American fast food company.
CHC provides helicopter services in Australia for the Fire and Emergency Services Authority of Western Australia, Victoria Police and the Ambulance Service of New South Wales.
As of January, 2011, there were 65 active dioceses with NCFL leagues.
It was founded in 1961 with a store in Jamestown, New York, and at its peak operated 138 stores in the Northeast and mid-Atlantic regions.
In August 2005 the company was acquired by seven private equity firms and de-listed from the NYSE.
In 1991, Cifra and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. signed a joint venture agreement.
IDG's brands include CIO, Computerworld, PCWorld and Macworld.
The case was eventually settled out of court in favor of Sony.
GE Honda Aero Engines LLC is a joint venture between GE Aviation and Honda Aero based in Cincinnati, Ohio.
Newfoundland Power, serving 85% of the population of Newfoundland and Labrador
Schroders plc is a British multinational asset management company, founded in 1804.
Krell Industries Inc., founded by its C.E.O.
It is a subsidiary of BT Group plc.
The company has its headquarters in Oslo, Norway, and is listed on Oslo Stock Exchange.
Under GFG, the brand has opened new locations across the country and moved into the franchising space.
Similar organisations also exist in New Zealand, Spain, Ukraine, and elsewhere under similar banners.
Ocean State Job Lot opened for business in 1977 as a single store operation in North Kingstown, RI.
It is the leading European piano manufacturer, exporting to more than 60 countries.
Panoz products have included the Panoz Roadster and AIV Roadster, and the Panoz Esperante.
It started building motorcycles and Rover cars, using their established marque with the iconic Viking Longship, from 1904 onwards.
Digital Research was based in Pacific Grove, California.
Paiste is an Estonian and Finnish word that means "shine".
Thomson Financial was an arm of information provider Thomson Corporation.
Teufel Nursery is a family-owned landscaping company based in Hillsboro, Oregon, United States.
The company is often referred to as an example of the dot-com bubble.
Gartner clients include large corporations, government agencies, technology companies and the investment community.
After the bursting of the dot-com bubble, Inktomi was acquired by Yahoo!
Though the merger wasn't well received at first, it was allowed to occur with some conditions.
They inherited the name from the American parent company which had owned the Tradewest trademark since 1996.
In the mid 1990s, the studio began to create and develop new intellectual properties, whilst continuing to oversee production on the Sonic series.
To base its European operations in Ireland, Intel received over IRE£87m in grants from IDA Ireland.
In June 1933, United Van Service was dissolved, and its assets and liabilities were transferred to a new entity incorporated as United Van Lines.
The production facilities are located in Brazil, China, Slovakia, Spain, Switzerland, India and the United States.
The majority of Evergreen's shipping containers are painted green with the word "Evergreen" placed on the sides in white letters.
The name was retained as one of Hasbro's brands until it was discontinued in the 2000s.
CODELCO is a Chilean state owned copper mining company.
inXile Entertainment is an American video game developer that specializes in role-playing video games.
Norfolkline employed more than 2,200 employees in 13 countries across Europe, operating out of 35 different locations.
In September 2002, MS Öresund was chartered by SeaWind Line, renamed MS Sky Wind and put on the Stockholm–Turku route along with MS Sea Wind.
ANZ New Zealand operates under a variety of different brands, such as ANZ, UDC Finance, Bonus Bonds and Direct Broking.
It also operates Cricket Wireless branded retail stores as an authorized agent.
In 1986, the company was acquired by Penguin Group and split into two imprints: Dutton and Dutton Children's Books.
Clinique Laboratories, LLC is an American manufacturer of skincare, cosmetics, toiletries and fragrances, usually sold in high end department stores.
KAvZ is a subsidiary of Russian Buses which is a subsidiary of GAZ Group.
It is Japan's oldest major movie studio.
They have also partnered with AP Racing to develop the AP Racing Radi-CAL by STILLEN big brake kit.
With its QX60 crossover Infiniti began to produce vehicle outside Japan.
TASS is a major news agency in Russia, founded in 1902.
Founded in 1961, they went on to develop a number of early microprocessors and support chips, as well as the widely used 555 timer chip.
Given the small size of the first Macintosh screens, this product had some use and the idea was widely copied.
In 2015 the company had 10,000 employees.
The result of this work has led to numerous major decisions involving the Trident Weapons Systems.
The Auto Fund is financially self-sustaining, operating on a break-even basis over time.
An enormously successful business, it turned out thousands of clocks in a large number of styles.
Two notable brands owned by SAIC itself are MG, a historic British car marque, and Roewe, one of the few domestic Chinese luxury car brands.
IMCO also developed an enlarged and refined version of the aircraft, designated the B-1.
Parkway Pantai, Ltd. is a medical company based in Singapore and is Southeast Asia's largest private healthcare provider, and one of the largest in Asia.
It continued to operate as a subsidiary of Gulf+Western until 1981, when a management-led buyout acquired it under the name of Horsehead Industries.
In 1997, under the direction of Jerry Ticerelli, Xidex declared bankruptcy.
The ships were refitted to resemble 19th century sailing vessels called windjammers.
This left the Criterion Collection in the possession of three of the original partners: Aleen Stein, the Becker family, and the Turell family.
The Hamburger Verkehrsverbund is a company coordinating public transport in and around Hamburg, Germany.
Until a spin-off in March 2008, Philip Morris International was an operating company of Altria Group.
It was planning to market a light-sport aircraft, the Cirrus SR Sport, but suspended the project in 2009 due to costs and lack of market demand.
Architecture for Humanity was a US-based charitable organization that sought architectural solutions to humanitarian crises and brought professional design services to clients.
Nidar is a Norwegian producer and distributor of confectionery.
Jack the Ripper was the first game to receive an 18 certificate, Wolfman also gained an 18 certificate.
Their Charleston Tea Plantation in South Carolina is the only tea plantation in America.
eigoMANGA is a comic book publishing company that produces original Japanese-influenced comics and digital media.
Rogue Ales is a brewery founded in 1988 in Ashland, Oregon, United States.
The company was founded by Thomas Siebel and Patricia House in 1993.
Regent Seven Seas specializes in ships with small passenger capacity and many included amenities.
In addition, life:) subscribers can order life:) services through 153 branded points of sale and 49 487 GSM and non-GSM sales points throughout Ukraine.
Travelzoo employs more than 250 "Deal Experts" worldwide who research, evaluate, negotiate and test offers to find and confirm the best deals.
After the merger, CSR executed substantial layoffs of former Zoran employees.
It is best known for RuneScape, the world's largest free-to-play massively multiplayer online role-playing game.
The company also markets information subscription services related to their products.
In late 2015, Walgreens announced that it would acquire Rite Aid for $9.4 billion pending approval.
The company also operates in the lodging, sporting, airport, gaming and entertainment industries.
The Aoyama harp factory, which was finished in 1992, includes a museum of antique harps as well as a concert hall.
In 2005, UPC Romania acquired Astral Telecom.
Originally named Ameritech Mobile Communications, it later became known as Ameritech Cellular.
Mitsui Group is one of the largest keiretsu in Japan and one of the largest corporate groups in the world.
It provides IT services and is one of the world's largest IT consulting, outsourcing and professional services companies with almost 190,000 employees in over 40 countries.
As well as board games they made the Brickplayer construction toy.
Other projects include reality shows, video game development, entertainment news programs and podcasts.
During the first ten years the company operated exclusively as a designer and manufacturer of several helicopters that set world records and achieved many aviation firsts.
V&S Group, founded in 1917, is an international producer and distributor of alcoholic beverages.
Vauxhall Motors is one of the oldest established vehicle manufacturers and distribution companies in Great Britain and has its headquarters in Luton, Bedfordshire, England.
It was 49.97% owned by the Cheung Kong Group.
To resolve the concerns of Swiss government regulators, ETA has entered into an agreement that governs certain business practices.
The AmTran corporate headquarters and manufacturing facilities were located in Conway, Arkansas.
The company is involved in the development of therapeutic proteins.
In October 1993, Deckers initiated a public offering of stock in its company.
Meggitt plc acquired the Dunlop Aerospace Design and Manufacturing division.
In 1961, the company was moved to a 77-acre tract of land on the outskirts of Penrose, Colorado.
Together, the three companies comprise the BNDES System.
GE Aviation is among the top aircraft engine suppliers, and offers engines for the majority of commercial aircraft.
In 2005, the company had a turnover of 86.1 million euro, realising a 15.4 million euro profit before taxes.
Under Ashton, General Host acquired 86 percent of another meat processor, Cudahy Corp., in July 1971.
Shugo Chara was also turned later into an Anime television series.
Fortune Brands was a holding company founded in 1969 as American Brands and later renamed in 1997 and split apart in 2011.
Ensoniq Corp. was an American electronics manufacturer, best known throughout the mid-1980s and 1990s for its musical instruments, principally samplers and synthesizers.
After the retirement of longtime president and founder Richard Hesse in 1973, Ace was sold to its retailers, becoming a retailer-owned cooperative.
Constellation is the largest beer import company measured by sales and has the third-largest market share of all major beer suppliers.
UPS also operates its own airline and air cargo delivery service based in Louisville, Kentucky, United States.
This company had an estimated 3.8 percent share of the Canadian domestic market in 2016.
It was founded on 26 June 1958 by Tjoa Ing Hwie, who changed his name to Surya Wonowidjojo.
On 29 April 2016, Lionhead Studios closed down.
WebMoney Transfer commonly known as WebMoney is a global settlement system and environment for online business activities, established in 1998.
Wesfarmers was founded in 1914 as a co-operative to provide services and merchandise to Western Australian farmers.
It was founded by Palestinian Anglican priest, Rev.
As of 2016 It was notable for its vigor and public support during the economic crisis in Venezuela.
Qualcomm Atheros chipsets for the IEEE 802.11 standard of wireless networking are used by over 30 different wireless device manufacturers.
NAD's philosophy is to include only genuinely useful features for aesthetically understated designs when compared to other competitors' products.
Its principal activities are in the United Kingdom and North Eastern United States.
Notable items include the Nintendo Power Glove, original Nintendo Entertainment System, and the Nintendo Famicom from Japan.
The organization is headquartered in Denver, Colorado.
The Rank Group is a British gambling company based in the United Kingdom.
Ciena sells products and services across four segments: Converged Packet Optical, Packet Networking, Optical Transport, and Software & Services.
Kennedy Fried Chickens typically compete with Kentucky Fried Chicken in the inner city neighborhoods of several states along the East Coast.
The company launched an Android games service at the end of 2011 with T-Mobile.
The VOC enjoyed huge profits from its spice monopoly through most of the 17th century.
It was acquired by Activision in 2002.
Petoro is not an operator of any fields and does not directly own the licenses.
They became known in particular for releasing games from a variety of different genres that usually came to be regarded as leaders in their respective fields.
Syracuse China Corporation, located in Syracuse, New York, was a manufacturer of fine china.
Frederick Brewing Company is considered to exemplify the 1990s microbeer bubble.
SK Telecom owns 44% of the company's shares.
It was Bridger and his partners that gave the enterprise the name "Rocky Mountain Fur Company."
The sale, which excluded all but 2,000 of Motorola's patents and ATAP, its team-based division who worked on Ara, was completed on October 30, 2014.
In March 1999, LucasVarity was purchased by US automotive company TRW.
Alessandro Sartori oversees creative direction for all departments of the brand.
Most Southern African import and export commodities are handled through South Africa's six largest ports: Richards Bay, Durban, Saldanha, Cape Town, Port Elizabeth and East London.
Maxis Berhad is a communications service provider in Malaysia.
Their mascot is a rabbit named Bernie, who appears in the seal of approval called the "Rabbit of Approval".
Train operation consists of shuttle trains conveying cars and coaches and other trains conveying heavy goods vehicles between the two terminals.
Sperry Corporation was a major American equipment and electronics company whose existence spanned more than seven decades of the 20th century.
The WYCA is also responsible for delivery of transport policies.
Its principal competitor in Latin America is América Móvil.
Snus and moist snuff accounted for 35 percent of sales and 54 percent of Swedish Match’s operating profit.
Telenor Montenegro's signal covers 98% of the places where Montenegro's inhabitants reside - much less than 50% of the territory of Montenegro.
MLB Advanced Media also owns and operates BaseballChannel.tv and MLB Radio.
Harpoon has four seasonal beers, including an Octoberfest Marzen style Ale  and The Long Thaw White IPA.
The H. J. Heinz Company, or Heinz, was an American food processing company with world headquarters in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Under its old name as McLaren Composites, the company also produced landing equipment and solar panels for Beagle 2.
They have also licensed a factory in the United Kingdom to increase production capacity for worldwide markets.
The company provides shipping services Pacific-wide, mainly to and from the Hawaiian islands.
Hyundai announced that the initial investment in the plant as $1.1 billion but the current investment is $1.7 billion.
The chain operated more than 194 stores located in shopping centers, malls, and urban areas in 19 states throughout the United States.
Other brands used included Coast Cable along the Sunshine Coast, Delta Cable near the Fraser River Delta, and Northern Cablevision in parts of rural Alberta.
Wenxuecity.com has a broad influence as the largest overseas Chinese tabloid website.
Ataute, S.L., better known by their trading name Kukuxumusu, is a Spanish company from Pamplona, Navarra specialising in clothing and product design.
It is a subsidiary of the American-British company Carnival Corporation & PLC, one of the largest travel and tourism companies in the world.
Airbus Military was a business unit of Airbus, which was part of EADS, during the period 2009–2013.
AND1 continues to sponsor NBA athletes, as well as numerous High School and AAU teams in America.
Lear has two major divisions: the seating business segment and the electrical business segment.
It was established in 1978 by Shih Wing-ching.
US$300 million of investment capital vanished with the company's failure.
296 in the Fortune 500 list for 2012 and is number one in the packaging and container industry for the same list.
CVS Pharmacy is currently the largest pharmacy chain in the United States by number of locations and total prescription revenue.
2 paid cable broadcaster following KT, is being opposed by competitors, who charge that the merger will help SK unfairly dominate the market.
On March 12, 2003, the firm became a wholly owned subsidiary of Mizuho Financial Group.
In January, 2005, the company had a market share of 31.4%.
AGERPRES is the national news agency of Romania.
As of 2013, the chain consists of 812 stores in 46 U.S. states.
The company produced the MT900R racer and the street-legal MT900S, as well as several unique project vehicles, until its demise in June 2013.
Exelixis has several compounds in various stages of FDA approval including :
The factory opened its door in 1948 and has produced over 120,000 vehicles for use in the Soviet Union.
The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2017.
Its competitors in Korea include SK Energy, GS Caltex, and Hyundai Oilbank.
Many programs offered from Tribune Entertainment have been broadcast on the company's television stations.
He currently services exotic cars as well as continuing to build the Cizeta V16T.
Rockwell Automation, Inc., is an American provider of industrial automation and information products.
Sydney Besthoff III, the grandson of the drugstore founder, and his wife, Walda are well-known local philanthropists and collectors of Museum quality works of art.
Rolls-Royce Holdings and Daimler AG acquired Tognum in 2011.
The company operates a number of websites, including its commercial website Sugarcrm.com and Sugar Exchange, and user forums.
A minimal staff, including Michel and myself, will be here until the end of October."
Due to having so many projects cancelled, the company entered a severe financial crisis in 2012.
In particular, cooperation among the ADB member states of Afghanistan, Azerbaijan, People's Republic of China, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyz Republic, Mongolia, Pakistan, Turkmenistan, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan.
The company is led by CEO and President Rakesh Khanna.
ZF-Division Computer Input Devices was outsourced as Cherry GmbH in January 2016 and will continue to sell products under the Cherry brand.
The agency performs threat analysis at the national level, and is also known to work with experts on computer security and with data encryption.
Technicolor SA, formerly Thomson SARL and Thomson Multimedia, is a French multinational corporation that provides services and products for the communication, media and entertainment industries.
Digital Chocolate, Inc. was a video game developer and publisher headquartered in San Mateo, California.
It was founded by Pierre Péladeau, and remains run by his family.
It is now part of BAE Systems Electronics & Integrated Solutions, a subsidiary of BAE Systems.
With an installed electricity generation capacity of 10,577MW, it is India's largest power company.
It was acquired by Eckerd in 1998.
Intelligent Finance sponsored the Scottish First Division football team Livingston FC.
Netflix entered the content-production industry in 2013, debuting its first series, House of Cards.
Pobjoy Airmotors and Aircraft was a British manufacturer of small aircraft engines.
Over most of its 80 plus years of existence MLSE was a public company.
The company has now ceased all trading, it has been placed into solvent liquidation and remaining funds distributed to shareholders.
MTV Films is the motion picture production arm of the American cable television channel MTV.
Its main administrative offices are in White Plains.
The North American headquarters are in Fremont, California, which was also the previous corporate headquarters before the merger.
ATEN has facilities in the United States, Taiwan, Belgium, Canada, Japan, UK and China.
The majority shareholder of Bottega is the US/Brazilian entrepreneur Nana Baffour, who operates in the IT services market through Grupo Cimcorp in Brazil.
The Voith GmbH has around 39,302 employees worldwide, with 14,434 working in Germany.
All Wizards of the Coast stores were closed in 2004.
In 2005, the name became Veolia Transport.
In 1960, long before the merger with GEC, English Electric Aircraft merged with Vickers and Bristol to form British Aircraft Corporation.
The work in design and development produces useful software which is licensed for profit by Topcoder.
The corporation also owns Pierce Manufacturing, a fire apparatus manufacturer.
Until 2003 its headquarters were at Risley, near Warrington, England.
Andy Frain, was the Managing Director of Island World Communications; a loss making subsidiary at the time of Chris Blackwell and John Heyman's Island World Group.
In October 2015, GoGet had over 65,000 members, which is estimated to take 100,000 cars off the road.
Headquartered in Cambridge, UK, Sepura has an international network of partners supplying organisations in over 100 countries worldwide.
A service called Nullsoft Television was announced in 2003 using NSV.
The company's chief competitor is Telus Corporation.
This was done as part of SBS's upcoming operation of the North East Line in the north east.
Bertone styling is distinctive, with most cars having a strong "family resemblance" even if they are badged by different manufacturers.
Until June 2002, it was called News International plc.
An 80 percent interest in Calloway's Nursery Inc. was acquired by 1988 but was sold off three years later for $13.5 million.
Headquartered in Copenhagen, the group has approximately 6,800 employees in more than 80 locations in 40 countries.
According to McCartney, Jackson then said, "I'm going to get [the Beatles' songs]".
The majority owner of Lenzing, with 90.15% of voting rights, is B & C Industrieholding GmbH along with its subsidiaries.
In 1897 Edmund D. Teller was admitted to the partnership and the store moved to 23rd Street, east of Sixth Avenue.
It is an indirect subsidiary of AT&T Inc., owned by AT&T Teleholdings.
Listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange since 1995, in the fiscal year 2014/15 the company generated revenues of 157.35 million euros.
In 2015 Macy's was the largest U.S. department store company by retail sales.
Northwestern Bell Telephone Company served the states of the upper Midwest opposite the Southwestern Bell area, including Iowa, Minnesota, South Dakota, North Dakota, and Nebraska.
Officeworks is a chain of Australian office supplies stores operated under Wesfarmers.
In 1994 the company formed Trimark Interactive.
The company entered the cruise business in the 1960s, operating two ships, the Angelina Lauro and MS Achille Lauro.
Scania's sales and service organisation and finance companies are worldwide.
Woori Bank has operations in Bangladesh and in Indonesia.
The e-auction is being conducted by C1 India Pvt.
Its web archive, the Wayback Machine, contains over 150 billion web captures.
Approaches to research depend on epistemologies, which vary considerably both within and between humanities and sciences.
The company gradually diversified into electricity and into a number of different locations.
CGI is also a constituent of the S&P/TSX 60, and has a secondary listing on the New York Stock Exchange.
Since being acquired, MedImmune has remained a Maryland-based biotechnology development enterprise.
Ralston Purina Company was a St. Louis, Missouri-based American animal feed and pet food company.
The fledgling company was listed on the Stock Exchange of Singapore in 1978 under the name of Singapore Bus Service Limited.
Virgin.net also offered bundled phone-services via Carrier Preselect to broadband subscribers.
Stagecoach in Mansfield is the sector of the Stagecoach Group that operates buses in Mansfield.
As of 2016, PwC is the 5th-largest privately owned company in the United States.
Named after Francis Ayer's father N. W. Ayer, it ventured into advertising in 1884.
CoreCivic, formerly the Corrections Corporation of America, is a company that owns and manages private prisons and detention centers and operates others on a concession basis.
It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
On July 27, 2005, the company announced its first major order: 68 transit and 221 suburban buses for New Jersey Transit.
Wizard World Inc., formerly known as Wizard Press and Wizard Entertainment, is a producer of multigenre fan conventions across North America.
It also owns locomotive and coach production facilities at several places in India.
Black Isle Studios was a division of the computer and video game developer and publisher Interplay Entertainment that developed role-playing video games.
The name can also refer to Karelia, a historical province in eastern Finland.
In 2005, Federated Department Stores bought May Department Stores, which resulted in Federated reacquiring Filene's.
Since their pieces were handmade in Britain rather than mass-produced like many figurines, each statue is different.
This store was about 190 square metres, and had eight family members working there.
It has vested interests and close relationships with the Malaysian government.
Philco,, was a pioneer in battery, radio, and television production.
ZTE is one of the top five largest smartphone manufacturers in its home market.
Valio is Finland’s biggest food exporter and sells products to nearly 60 countries.
While the mass media often referred to Sandline as a mercenary company, the company's founders disputed that characterisation.
It provides a number of financial services, including banking services, asset finance, investments and payment "solutions".
Egg is a former British internet bank headquartered in Derby, that is now a trading name of Yorkshire Building Society.
All WebEx products are part of the Cisco collaboration portfolio.
It was a member of Retailer Owned Food Distributors & Associates and distributed Shurfine products in its stores.
By October 2016, the chain was reduced to 12 restaurants in 9 states and by July 2017 there were only 9.
Houston Cellular began providing service in May 1986.
Touchstone Television Productions, LLC, is the television production unit of ABC Entertainment Group, part of Disney–ABC Television Group.
It has made numerous corporate acquisitions, including Cambridge Antibody Technology, MedImmune, Spirogen and Definiens.
The BPPR in the logo stands for Banco Popular de Puerto Rico, where the bank has its major historical footprint.
The holding is owned at about 61% by the Sabancı family, one of Turkey's wealthiest.The remaining 39% is listed in the Istanbul Stock Exchange.
Matra Marconi Space was a Franco-British aerospace company.
Technosoft was a Japanese video game developer that was active from 1980 to 2001.
For the restaurant, see Dickey's Barbecue Pit.
CNH's operations were organized into three business segments: agricultural equipment, construction equipment and financial services.
Roland Gumpert, the founder of Apollo, once held the position of director of Audi Sport.
Aerocar International was a roadable aircraft manufacturer, founded by Moulton Taylor in Longview, Washington.
Pininfarina was run by Battista's son Sergio Pininfarina until 2001, then his grandson Andrea Pininfarina until his death in 2008.
Their sophomore project, Hail to the Chimp, was released June 23, 2008 by Gamecock Media Group for seventh-generation consoles.
It designs, develops, manufactures and sells products including television sets, mobile phones, air conditioners, washing machines, refrigerators and small electrical appliances.
This proved advantageous for both, and soon HP’s fabs were open to anyone.
Torani remains a family legacy, owned by Paul Lucheta and Lisa Lucheta, grandchildren of Rinaldo and Ezilda.
In 2006, the company earned US$350 million in revenues.
Similar models in the United Kingdom, Germany and New Zealand
It was owned by a private investor group comprising Ashmore Investment Management Limited, Spinnaker Capital Limited and Clearwater Capital Partners.
The company is listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the Nikkei 225 stock index.
Pioneer Corporation commonly referred to as Pioneer, is a Japanese multinational corporation that specializes in digital entertainment products, based in Tokyo, Japan.
Constellation Energy was a Fortune 500 company and was one of the top electricity producers in the United States.
Thanks to their quality, Uberti replicas are also sought after by collectors and historical firearm enthusiasts.
Cisco Videoscape is a former Israeli development group that has been acquired by Cisco, which develops software for the pay TV industry.
The name Lustre is a portmanteau word derived from Linux and cluster.
King produced a wide range of pharmaceuticals, including Altace for heart attack prevention, Levoxyl for hypothyroidism, Sonata, a sleeping aid, and Skelaxin, a muscle relaxant.
It is Australia's largest ISP and is based in Melbourne.
In 2005, Rakuten started expanding outside Japan, mainly through acquisitions and joint ventures.
The company is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Singapore Exchange.
The success of the animated commercials led partners Tom Griffin and Joe Bacal to form Sunbow Productions.
Since September 2014, Proximus becomes the commercial brand of all Belgacom products.
Serotta was an American bicycle builder located in Saratoga Springs, New York.
Transdev was then a subsidiary of Caisse des Dépôts.
Wienerschnitzels now sell Tastee-Freez ice cream, a brand also owned by Galardi.
With the merger of GEC's defence business Marconi Electronic Systems and British Aerospace in 1999, the resulting BAE Systems acquired Marconi's 49.9% share in TMS.
Its corporate headquarters are in Constellation Place in Century City, Los Angeles.
AA was used as a base load for Wylfa and saved the grid the cost of keeping a power station on standby.
S3 Graphics, Ltd is an American computer graphics company.
Cinemas Guzzo was started by Angelo Guzzo shortly after immigrating to Canada.
In 2016, Harris was named one of the top hundred federal contractors by Defense News.
In 2016, 62.3 percent of Walmart's US$478.614 billion sales came from its U.S. operations.
The company was a provider of demand, supply, and transportation planning software, with several very large-scale customers, particularly in the food production industry.
Gucci operates about 278 directly operated stores worldwide as of September 2009, and it wholesales its products through franchisees and upscale department stores.
In 1914, following an antitrust suit, Burroughs was banned from buying competing companies.
Plans have also been made to mine the Yamal Peninsula.
Chang serves as chairman of Trend Micro.
The next day, September 26, Washington Mutual, Inc. filed for Chapter 11 voluntary bankruptcy in Delaware, where it was incorporated.
With that change, it began to offer its services to all comers rather than only to the American military.
Between 1997 and April 2002, the company operated under two brand names Dialog and Alo.
Pluto 13 GmbH, doing business as Piranha Bytes is a German video game developer known for their Gothic role-playing video game series.
It was founded in 1901 by McColl and his brother Tom.
CCSI specialises in developing software for air conditioning and engineering applications as well as virtual reality and 3D visualisation tools.
Since December 2012, the Fuller Brush Company has been owned and operated by David Sabin and Victory Park Capital.
Schlumberger bought the firm in 1979 and sold it to National Semiconductor in 1987; Fairchild was spun off as an independent company again in 1997.
Warner Music Canada is the Canadian division of Warner Music Group.
In April 2011, UnXis, Inc. bought The SCO Group, Inc. operating assets and intellectual property rights after having been approved by the bankruptcy court in Delaware.
Przewozy Regionalne, trading as POLREGIO, formerly PKP Przewozy Regionalne, is a train operator in Poland, responsible for local and interregional passenger transportation.
By the end of 2005, all former SouthTrust branches that remained open carried the Wachovia name.
A second game, Word Realms was developed between 2008 and 2012, and was released on May 21, 2013.
The Bubba Gump restaurant is named after the film's characters Benjamin Buford "Bubba" Blue and Forrest Gump.
The name softball was given to the game in 1926, because the ball used to be soft.
Founded in 1981 by Atari and Mattel Intellivision expatriates, its best-selling titles were Atlantis, Cosmic Ark, and Demon Attack.
Since 2008, SMC has ventured beyond its core businesses, becoming involved in fuel & oil, power generation and infrastructure.
It has been the world's largest furniture retailer since at least 2008.
As a part of a turnaround strategy, Kodak began to focus on digital photography and digital printing, and attempted to generate revenues through aggressive patent litigation.
Thielert Aircraft Engines GmbH was well known as the manufacturer of the Centurion range of aircraft Diesel engines that run on jet fuel.
Victory was profitable for a number of years but was in the red three of its last five years.
Captain Submarine is a Canadian fast-food restaurant chain whose menu is highlighted by submarine sandwiches.
Private investors are estimated to account for under 10% of the total market capitalisation.
Its European headquarters is in Waterloo, Belgium.
The company was sold in 1998 to Voyager.net of East Lansing, MI.
Since its inception, Hyperwerks has created a three-part Deity mini-series: Original Series, Darkness & Light and Revelations which was published under the Image Comics banner.
Volkswagen Group China) is division of the German automotive concern Volkswagen Group in the People's Republic of China.
Medical News Today is owned by Healthline Media.
It is the world's largest toy maker in terms of revenue.
Telenor Group is a Norwegian mostly government-owned multinational telecommunications company headquartered at Fornebu in Bærum, close to Oslo.
Sky Television and its rival British Satellite Broadcasting suffered large financial losses and merged on 2 November 1990 to form British Sky Broadcasting.
The studio focuses primarily on artists who write their own shorts, series, and movies.
Cliff Bleszinski, Epic's design director, announced his departure on October 3, 2012.
As of December 31, 2009, the 15 wholly owned properties had 7,550 hotel rooms.
Coca-Cola HBC has been named the industry leader among beverage companies in the 2014 Dow Jones Sustainability Index and is also included in the FTSE4Good Index.
Cross Generation Entertainment, or CrossGen, was an American comic book publisher and entertainment company that operated from 1998 to 2004.
Both the Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor brands were actively used until 2007.
Ursus Breweries, a subsidiary of SABMiller plc, is one of the top brewers in Romania.
Most recently this has seen TM venture into the Long Term Evolution space with the launch of TMgo, its first 4G offering.
It is the Flagship company of the company in the metals business.
It works with 15,000 suppliers to service 8,000 customers.
ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited, New Zealand's largest financial-services group, operates as a subsidiary of Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited of Australia.
Olde Towne stopped bottling beer December 2010, stopped brewing February 2011, and ceased operations.
Teradyne's high-profile customers include Samsung, Qualcomm, Intel, Analog Devices, Texas Instruments and IBM.
E.ON SE is a European holding company based in Essen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
The developer has created several notable Nintendo series such as Metroid, Tetris, Mario Bros., and Donkey Kong.
UKTV's channels are available via digital satellite and cable subscriptions in the UK and Ireland.
The company is one of the largest media companies in Austria, Croatia and Slovenia, and is also present in several other countries.
It runs local and express rail service between Himeji and Kobe, and also connects directly with Hanshin Main Line to Osaka.
Quick Chek is a privately owned, Whitehouse Station, New Jersey based chain of convenience stores with 140 stores in New Jersey and New York.
It has a subsidiary in the United States, Piaggio America, located at West Palm Beach, Florida.
Established on 2 February 1987, it is a subsidiary of Córas Iompair Éireann.
Combat Zone Wrestling is an American independent wrestling promotion.
It is an affiliate company of Kintetsu Corporation.
Astor left his company in 1830, the company declared bankruptcy in 1842, and the American Fur Company ultimately ceased trading in 1847.
The brand develops and produces a line of women's apparel and accessories, which it markets under the Bebe, BebeSport, and Bebe Outlet names.
In 2016 the former subsidiary banks Bankhaus Hallbaum, Bankhaus Löbbecke, Bankhaus Carl F. Plump & CO and Schwäbische Bank were amalgamated with M.M.Warburg & CO.
More recently, a chain of retail outlets has been operating under the name "Ideas by Gul Ahmed".
It was originally a producer of the children's show Romper Room.
On September 28, 2009, Xerox Corporation announced plans to acquire ACS in a $6.4 billion transaction.
In 2016, it had sales of US$4.5 billion with free cash flow of $234 million.
As of early 2011, there are 75 store locations.
Since 2013, Wenger Swiss Army knives are integrated in the Victorinox collection; the brand Wenger remains for watches and licensed products.
Vizrt products connect to newsroom control system like iNews, ENPS, Dalet, aQ Broadcast, Octopus, Annova Systems]].
This was changed to NIE Networks in 2015.
Roughly half of its turnover comes from the private sector and half from the public sector.
MDA's Robotics and Automation is an operating unit of MacDonald, Dettwiler and Associates Ltd.,
Founded in 1969, they began manufacturing pre-amps before building complete instruments.
RMT designs and manufactures various engineered bearings in addition to offering turbo analysis services and repair services.
Timberland’s corporate headquarters are located in Stratham, New Hampshire.
NorthernTel is a telephone company in Ontario, Canada.
It was established in 1989 following a merger between International Thomson Organisation Ltd and Thomson Newspapers.
In 2007, they created the Guzzo Environment-Cancer Research Chair of the Cancer Research Society in partnership with the Université de Montréal.
Run from London's West End they were respectively based in the Midlands and south of England.
The financial troubles that followed the bursting of the dot-com bubble in 2001 led to the restructuring in 2003 of Marconi plc into Marconi Corporation plc.
NewPage was headquartered in Miamisburg, Ohio, and owned paper mills in Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota and Wisconsin.
When EMI Music Japan was trading as Toshiba-EMI, it was involved with the production of anime.
In 2011 several Walker Digital executives purchased TEDMED, the annual conference on the future of health and medicine.
Karelia Software, or Karelia is a software company with a headquarters in Alameda, California that claims to pioneer the desktop Web application market.
[2] In June 2016, Dell announced the sale of their software division, including the Quest business, to Francisco Partners and Elliott Management Corporation.
Bharat Earth Movers Limited, now known as BEML, is an Indian Public Sector Undertaking, with headquarters in Bengaluru.
In 1995, Fleer acquired the trading card company SkyBox International and, over Thanksgiving vacation shuttered its Philadelphia plant.
and 6 ton replaced the 5 ton.
Nitto Denko Corporation is a Japanese company which produces tapes, vinyl, LCDs, insulation, and several other products.
It also sells clients software for large-scale data exploitation, and analytics for intelligence-grade security and financial crime work.
It was founded by producer Arlene Klasky, animator Gábor Csupó and their nephew Attila Csupó, hence the company's name.
The intention was to improve railway reliability and efficiency, while reducing costs and improving revenue.
They must provide a regular accounting of trust income and expenditures.
Through a series of mergers, divisions and restructuring in 1997-1998, GPT was amalgamated with two major companies: Marconi Communications and Siemens Communications.
Technōs Japan Corp. was a Japanese video game developer, best known for the Double Dragon Franchises and Kunio-kun.
The firm's shares are listed on the London and Johannesburg stock exchanges and it is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
The company also has five passenger boats running in four routes.
The payload was two Galileo navigation satellites.
After undergoing renovations, Randall 15 IMAX in Batavia, Illinois featured an IMAX screen, as does Portage 16 IMAX in Portage, Indiana.
One of the original three car manufacturers in India, founded in 1942 by Mr. B.M.
Hyundai Capital also runs auto financing consultancies in Russia, Brazil, India, and Australia to support the sales of Hyundai and Kia cars at respective countries.
Shaw Communications Inc. is a Canadian telecommunications company which provides telephone, Internet, television, and mobile services all backed by a fibre optic network.
Its headquarters and main industrial grounds were originally located in Novosibirsk, and were later transferred to Kiev.
A related company, Tippmann Industrial Products manufactures manual and pneumatic heavy-duty sewing machines primarily used for leather, other leather-related equipment, and some industrial products.
Founded in Sydney in 1855 as the Colonial Sugar Refining Company, the company expanded into milling cane in Queensland and Fiji from the 1870s.
Alexander Dennis is a British bus building company based in Scotland.
In addition to traditional fixed-line telephone service, Telmex offers Internet access, data, hosted services and IPTV.
Audio-Technica Corporation is a Japanese company that designs and manufactures professional microphones, headphones, phonographic magnetic cartridges, and other audio equipment.
Some of the key programs broadcast include the Friday Sermon by the current Khalifatul Massih, educational and cultural programs, world news, and a various Talk Shows.
The tire business and use of the name was sold to Michelin.
The merger was completed in May 2005.
RELX PLC, the London Stock Exchange listed shareholding vehicle, holds 52.9% of the shares in RELX Group.
The main Fazer café is on Kluuvikatu in Helsinki, and which is a rare example of Art Deco design in Finland.
Tosoh is a member of the Mizuho keiretsu.
Time Warner Cable was an American cable television company.
The company was purchased by Woolworths, owned by Paternoster Stores in 1984.
Bogdan Corporation — a part of the concern Ukrprominvest — is a leading Ukrainian automobile-manufacturing group, including several car- and bus-makers of the country.
PetroVietnam is the trading name of Vietnam Oil and Gas Group.
The VLIW core implemented features specifically designed to accelerate CMS and translations.
The Koo family retained control of the LG Group while the Huh family formed GS Holdings.
The company was reorganized on April 1, 2002, when its subsidiaries were realigned and rebranded with the Mizuho name.
Most of the games released by Disney Interactive Studios were typically tie-in products to existing character franchises.
It has more than 475 outlets across the country and has recently begun expansion into foreign markets.
It has sold considerably well among civilians, and has enjoyed some success with foreign military units.
In 2012, Rocawear was a €490 million clothing business.
The Kewpee Restaurant in Lima, Ohio is considered a historic site.
The company is a privately held corporation with Andy Mooney serving as the Chief Executive Officer.
Under his management, Audi won a total of 25 World Rally Championship races and four World Rally Championship titles.
The current iteration of the company was formed on April 1, 2008, with the focus on the toy consumer business.
It is used by individuals and organisations involved in pharmaceutical research, development, manufacture and testing.
It was a state-owned company and was created to manage the Portuguese rail infrastructure, previously under control of CP, which became exclusively a train service operator.
ABR owns a Johor Bahru bakery, Season Confectionery under another subsidiary.
Presently, the company is famous for its durable sports sunglasses.
The lines operated include metro and commuter lines in and around the city of Barcelona, tourist mountain railways, and rural railway lines.
SAS runs the frequent flyer program EuroBonus.
The menu offers fried seafood or chicken, accompanied by chips.
Although the trains stop in Beeton, passengers cannot disembark, as there is not a station there.
World Wildlife Foundation publishes an annual scorecard of the palm-oil policies of 59 companies.
Minted is an online marketplace of independent artists and designers.
In 1988, the company was sold to the Japanese Bridgestone Corporation.
It has around 32,000 rooms under management or in construction through long-term partnerships with 15 UK universities and over 800 employees.
Outokumpu has a long history as a mining company, and still mines chromium ore in Keminmaa for use as ferrochrome in stainless steel.
In December 2015, Citrix employed approximately 9,500 people, but noted that its November restructure was due to eliminate nearly 700 full-time jobs.
It has a secondary listing on the New York Stock Exchange.
The chief executive officer of Thomson Reuters is Jim Smith, and the chairman is David Thomson, formerly of the Thomson Corporation.
Maple Leaf Foods Inc. is a major Canadian consumer packaged meats company.
A takeover by Cineworld was announced in January, 2014.
It ventured into property development in 1984, followed by oil palm plantations and refineries in 1985.
For many of CinéGroupe's animated productions, the company often relies on a pre-formed crew of voice actors to do the work.
It became their flagship franchise and spun off a comic book series, television documentary, books, and action figures.
In 2003 Company Pictures became part of All3Media.
STILLEN is the automotive aftermarket parts company created by Steve Millen, a former racecar driver for Nissan who was known for racing the 300ZX.
Yang Ming Marine Transport Corporation is an ocean shipping company based in Keelung, Taiwan.
As of the third quarter of 2007, SunCom was providing digital wireless communications services to approximately 1.1 million customers and employed more than 1,900 people.
All are owned by the Jim Pattison Group.
It operates as the online video arm of Discovery Communications since its acquisition in May 2012.
They have 20 different levels of English language courses ranging from beginner to advanced.
Its OSB mills in the US are located in Minnesota, Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama, South Carolina and 2 in Texas.
Exelon operates regulated utilities in Illinois, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Delaware, New Jersey, and Washington, DC.
The Trump Organization is an American privately owned international conglomerate based in Trump Tower in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.
It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
McLaren Applied Technologies is a British technology company that works in conjunction with companies such as GSK, NHS and more.
TelstraClear Limited was New Zealand's third-largest telecommunications company before being acquired by Vodafone New Zealand in October 2012.
3D Realms is an American video game publisher and video game developer based in Garland, Texas, United States, established in 1987.
Other branches followed in Tralee and Waterford.
Ports of its arcade titles were released for the Sega CD, CD-i and DOS computers equipped with CD-ROM drives.
As of 2015 TomTom's business has four business units: Consumer, Automotive, Licensing and Telematics through which it sells and licences its technology and products.
Jowett was a manufacturer of light cars and light commercial vehicles in Bradford, West Riding of Yorkshire, England from 1906 to 1954.
Thinkorswim is used in conjunction with trades of equity securities, fixed income, index products, options, futures, other derivatives and foreign exchange.
Its product line includes tools for setting up digital media projects, media conversion software, and content distribution systems.
In 2017, they are at three locations from a high of originally 82.
DR had better get its act together."
On 16 November 2016, Rakuten signed a $200m deal for global sponsorship with Spanish football club FC Barcelona till 2020.
Formed in 1917 by Giuseppe Ratti, Persol originally catered to pilots and sports drivers.
MS Kristina Katarina, originally built in 1982 as M/S Konstantin Simonov, was the latest ship.
The films were often based upon novels or short stories, particularly the work of Henry James, E. M. Forster, and two novels by Jhabvala herself.
As of 2016, Enoki Films' North American division is now defunct, since it bought its operations to an end in 2010.
NZX has offices across New Zealand and Australia.
Strong product sales have placed Apple among the top-tier retail stores, with sales over $16 billion globally in 2011.
Mayflower's Operations division and its Customer Service arm remain elusive and reminiscent of a shadow corporation.
Qinetiq is a British multinational defence technology company headquartered in Farnborough, Hampshire.
Customers go through an interactive process in which the stuffed animal of their choice is assembled and customized during their visit to the store.
Harley-Davidson, Inc., or Harley, is an American motorcycle manufacturer, founded in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 1903.
The aroma is sharp, warm, and complex, with vanilla up front; and then tangy sweet fruit, spices, and an aged rum like presence.
Thomson Marconi Sonar was formed as Ferranti Thomson Sonar Systems in 1990 by the merger of the sonar systems businesses of Thomson-CSF and Ferranti.
After Harry died in a suicide pact with one of his many lovers, Caresse Crosby continued the press' work into the 1940s.
Piaggio Aerospace, formerly Piaggio Aero Industries, is a multinational aerospace manufacturing company headquartered in Genoa, Italy.
Nvidia Corporation is an American technology company based in Santa Clara, California.
The company was in operation from 1976 to 2003, and released 150 video game titles.
Its best known brands were Durex and Scholl; other significant brands were Sauber and Mister Baby.
Current fleets with the new liveries are the C801A and the C151B trains.
In February 2006 it purchased Silverton Rail.
One store in Winter Park, Florida was re-established as Jacobson's in 2004, but closed on December 21, 2011.
In the 1970s, one of Hori Productions' most famous stars was singer Momoe Yamaguchi.
The company is best known for releasing historical strategy computer games.
Midway was ranked the fourth largest-selling video game publisher in 2000.
United Gas Pipe Line Co. v. Mobile Gas Service Corp., 350 U.S. 332
In March 2015, Lufthansa Systems undertook a reorganization to reform into three operating units: Infrastructure, Airline Solutions and Industry Solutions.
In 2002, after experiencing major financial difficulty, most of Railtrack's operations were transferred to the state-controlled non-profit company Network Rail.
Biomet, Inc. was a medical device manufacturer located in the Warsaw, Indiana business cluster.
It is made from sheep's milk with no salt.
Lionel, LLC is an American designer and importer of toy trains and model railroads that is based in Concord, North Carolina.
The company was founded in 1999 by Martin Kenwright and Ian Hetherington, following the purchase of their studio Digital Image Design's publisher Ocean Software by Infogrames.
The company's Chief Executive Officer is Karyn Schoenbart.
Carcraft was established by Frank McKee, and was bought out in 1998 by his sons Noel and Darren McKee.
Surefire products are commonly used in the US by law enforcement agencies.
Namiki is a Japanese brand of fountain pens and other writing equipment.
For privacy reasons, only modules with publicly available content can be shared.
It will sell insurance products, including savings-oriented endowment insurance policies.
The company is a subsidiary of Wolverine World Wide.
It takes place on the Orient Express, days before the start of World War I.
It incorporates 7 factories and 1 R&D institute involved in different stages of the development, research, manufacturing cycle.
The company also operates a Chattanooga, Tennessee location where programming, engineering and network operations reside.
Hovertravel is now the world's oldest hovercraft operator, and this service is believed to be unique in western Europe.
The Roton was intended to reduce costs of launching payloads into low earth orbit by a factor of ten.
In a similar context, Buick and Oldsmobile played the same role within General Motors while the Chrysler Division did so within Chrysler Corporation.
Woolworths Limited is a major Australian company with extensive retail interest throughout Australia and New Zealand.
The upgrade to D1 would cost $2 million and increase rutile recovery by 5,000 tonnes and Ilmenite recovery by 1,000 tonnes per annum.
The company is headquartered in Houston, Texas and, as of 2008 employed approximately 8,800 people in Texas, Florida, Alabama, and the Washington, D.C. area.
Shin'en Multimedia is a German video game developer.
BHP dismissed the plan saying the costs and risks of Elliott's proposal outweighed any potential benefits.
Bottled and keg products are brewed at AB-InBev's own brewery in Samlesbury for export, except in the United States and Belgium, where Bass is brewed locally.
The company refers to itself as an "industry cluster", but it may serve as an anchor for multiple integrated industrial-base sites.
In 2015, the company reported $100.3 million in revenue.
ATV operated two main over-the-air channels: the Cantonese-language ATV Home, and ATV World.
The company was also involved in starting the alternative weekly Metro Pulse, although the two companies are now independent.
A North American branch of the company, Atlus USA was founded in 1991 in order to focus on publishing and localizing games for North America.
History Since 2012, GBL divested more and more its stakes in Total and ENGIE.
The ESRB was established in 1994 by the Entertainment Software Association, in response to criticism of controversial video games with excessively violent or sexual content.
Since all non-railroad owners of railcars must append an "X" to the end of their mark, GAT became GATX.
Exelon Corporation is an American Fortune 100 energy company headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.
Dolphin Interconnect Solutions was founded in 1992 as a spin-off from Dolphin Server Technology which was in turn a spin-off from Norsk Data in 1989.
Tazo Tea Company is a tea & herbal tea manufacturer and distributor founded in Portland, Oregon, now a division of Starbucks based in Kent, Washington.
It is the sole tire supplier for NASCAR series.
Equinix data centers host more than 2,750 cloud and IT service providers.
DoubleClick was founded in 1996 by Kevin O'Connor and Dwight Merriman.
LoJack Corporation claims that over 300,000 vehicles have been recovered worldwide since the product was introduced more than two decades ago.
The company has over 1,000 branded stores and franchises around the world and also sells through third-party distribution.
In May 2006, Fisher Scientific and Thermo Electron announced that they would merge in a tax-free, stock-for-stock exchange.
When the café first opened in 1984, it was intended as a women's space, with men allowed entry only when accompanied by women.
The company was historically the Naval Construction Works of Vickers Armstrongs and has a heritage of building large naval warships and armaments.
Darashaw had the distinction of being the Sole Broker to the Nizam of Hyderabad, the then single largest player in the capital markets.
Newfoundland Capital Corporation Ltd. is a Canadian broadcasting company, majority-owned by Harold R. Steele.
By the end of the 1990s, the company's revenues were around US$500 million and in 2003 their revenue reached $633 million.
In 1967 the Cerruti label was officially launched with the opening of the flagship store and headquarters, at 3 Place de la Madeleine in Paris, France.
Thanks to the Telstra global network Boost is an international telecommunications provider.
The company provides core transport, IP, voice, video, and content delivery for medium-to-large Internet carriers in North America, Latin America, Europe, and selected cities in Asia.
Nobody was hurt and, according to Moby's online journal, it was Kelly's decision whether the cafe was going to be rebuilt or not.
In 1998, Call-Net acquired long-distance service and data-circuit provider Fonorola of Montreal for about $1.8 billion and merged it into Sprint Canada.
In 27 January 2016, Türk Telekom decided to use single brand "Türk Telekom", for its mobile networking, landlines and internet service provider.
Begun in Grandville, Michigan, the chain consists of 11 stores, nine of which are in the southwestern Lower Peninsula of Michigan.
It is headquartered in Moon Township, Pennsylvania, a suburb of Pittsburgh.
It is owned by Cerberus Capital Management.
In October 2015 Aegis was taken over by Canadian security company GardaWorld.
In 2015, it bought 65% of King Country Energy Ltd from Nova Energy.
Unic was a French manufacturer founded in 1905, and active as an automobile producer until July 1938.
Cafédirect was founded in 1991 by Oxfam, Traidcraft, Equal Exchange Trading and Twin Trading as a response to the 1989 global collapse in coffee prices.
In 2000, Canada Post created a company called Epost, allowed customers to receive their bill online for free.
Movistar is a major telecommunications brand owned by Telefónica, operating in Spain and in many Hispanic American countries.
Bauer retired and sold the company in 1968.
Khazanah is owned by the Malaysian government and administered by the Minister of Finance Incorporated, except for one share held by the Federal Land Commissioner.
Launched in 2000, it was one of the earliest and longest lived search engines dedicated to multimedia content.
The group is currently owned by Pernod Ricard.
Other subsidiaries handle services such as payphones and long distance calling.
Dapol Ltd is a Welsh model railway manufacturer based in Chirk, Wales.
The company was founded in 1842 by Samuel R. Mott in Bouckville, New York, who made apple cider and vinegar.
In December 2014, Compuware was acquired by private equity firm Thoma Bravo and became a privately held company.
AmSouth's size more than doubled in 2000 when it absorbed Nashville, Tennessee-based First American National Bank.
ihug was New Zealand's third largest ISP, before it was bought, then absorbed by Vodafone New Zealand.
Buglife – The Invertebrate Conservation Trust is a British-based nature conservation charity.
The NES service area covers 700 square miles, all of Nashville/Davidson County and portions of the six surrounding counties.
DEC was a major player overseas where Compaq had less presence.
Henkel Corporation, formerly Dial Corporation, is an American company based in Scottsdale, Arizona.
HP now markets the Peregrine products as part of its IT Service Management solutions, within the HP Software Division portfolio.
The company also reported sales growth forecast which topped every analyst's estimate, while at the same time surpassing Tencent to become Asia's most valuable company.
His old firm became Wild Heerbrugg in 1937.
It spun off its interests in heavy building products, then producing more than half the group's profits, to a separate listed company, Rinker Group, in 2003.
Arts Vision Incorporated is a Japanese talent agency that employs a large number of high-profile voice actors.
Domark developed and published many games for home computers during the 1980s.
Internationally, as an ICANN-accredited registrar, Melbourne IT is ranked around fifth in the world, making the company the largest Australian domain name registrar.
Begun in the 1970s in Los Angeles as the mail-order business Accoutrements, in 1983 it opened a retail outlet dubbed "Archie McPhee" after Pahlow's wife's great-uncle.
The Bauxite mines called "Panchpatmalli Mines" is situated atop a set of five mountains called Panchpatmalli.
Tele2 operates in Austria, Croatia, Estonia, Germany, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Lithuania, the Netherlands, Russia and Sweden.
Hasbro is the third largest toy maker in the world with revenues of approximately $4.45 billion.
The company went into administration in June 2005 and its technology was bought by Motorola.
The bank provides a variety of financial services including credit and capital market products, mergers and acquisitions, merchant banking and other investment banking advisory services.
On April 1, 2008, Isetan and Mitsukoshi were merged under a joint holding company called Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings Ltd..
Massimo Osti started his first label C.P.
From 2001 through 2005 Quicksilver developed a series of military training products for the U.S. Army and the Singapore Armed Forces.
The company manufactured tracking devices for people, animals, the food supply, government/military arena, and commercial assets.
Denso Corporation is a global automotive components manufacturer headquartered in the city of Kariya, Aichi Prefecture, Japan.
It is currently a subsidiary of the Sequential Brands Group, and is sold nationally and around the world by Sporting Goods retailers.
SpaceX announced in 2011 that they were beginning a privately funded reusable launch system technology development program.
Diners Club International and its franchises service individuals from around the globe with operations in 59 countries.
The firm operates in a variety of business sectors including distribution, logistics, advertising, information technology, publishing and market research.
Many members of the studio moved on to form Tilted Mill Entertainment.
The firm is headquartered in Azusa, California, with offices and manufacturing facilities in Tucson, Arizona, Mexico, France, and China.
It is best known for manufacturing graphics cards and motherboards, although it also produces sound cards, modems and memory modules.
Seven Arts also distributed feature films and TV programs for television.
Forbes estimates that in the 2015 financial year, Bose received revenue of US$3.5 billion and employed approximately 11,700 people.
Their Volk Racing wheels are popular with owners of sport compact and import cars on the race and show circuits.
On August 4, 2005, Clarecraft announced they would be shutting down at the end of October and would stop taking orders in mid-October.
The International Star Registry is an organization founded in 1979 for the purpose of giving the general public the novelty of unofficially naming stars.
All of the company's consumer services were rebranded under the Virgin Media name in February 2007.
SIX Swiss Exchange is the joint owner of Eurex, the world's largest futures and derivatives exchange along with their German partners Deutsche Börse.
It offers truckload, less than truckload, air freight, intermodal, and ocean transportation.
CNPC was ranked the third in 2016 Fortune Global 500.
Originally, the exchange was a non-profit organization.
The company name comes from the weta, "New Zealand's coolest little monster, a bizarre and prickly prehistoric cricket".
Karstadt paid €800m, though a condition of the agreement was that Lufthansa would retain a stake in Condor for at least two years.
SNECMA Group acquired the company in September 2001.
Mayfair Games is an American publisher of board, card, and roleplaying games that also licenses Euro-style board games to publish them in English.
Ask.com is currently owned by InterActiveCorp under the NASDAQ symbol NASDAQ: IAC.
Fjord1 MRF formerly called Møre og Romsdal Fylkesbåtar, short form MRF is a regional Norwegian transportation company, part of the Fjord1 Nordvestlandske group.
The Mr. Coffee brand manufactures automatic-drip kitchen coffee machines as well as other products.
It is one of three core companies of the Seiko Group.
In addition to its raw research, WIR consults for a variety of clients in the photography, archival, and digital print media fields.
This process culminated in 2002, by the formation of the Fjord1 Nordvestlandske group, a joint venture with Sogn og Fjordane's Fylkesbaatane.
The Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited is a government-owned corporation of India based in Mumbai in the state of Maharashtra.
AIS is listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand on 5 November 1991.
Tofaş is the only Turkish automaker that manufactures both passenger cars and light commercial vehicles.
Cablevision also offered a WiFi-only mobile phone service dubbed Freewheel.
Del Taco is an American fast food restaurant chain which specializes in American-style Mexican cuisine as well as American foods such as burgers, fries, and shakes.
It was located in San Francisco, California.
Scientific Atlanta, Inc. is a Georgia-based manufacturer of cable television, telecommunications, and broadband equipment.
Shows are performed by a cast of about 75 actors and 20 horses in each location.
It retails and provides maintenance services for taxis in major cities globally.
By 2011, there were around 85 restaurants in Sweden, compared to just 40 five years earlier.
RTL Group is a European entertainment company.
Allied Irish Banks confirmed plans to sell off the bank in April 2010 as part of plans to raise capital.
Since the rise of experimental psychology in the 19th Century, psychology's understanding of perception has progressed by combining a variety of techniques.
The Land Rover is regarded as a British icon, and was granted a Royal Warrant by King George VI in 1951.
The store concept adopted by Officeworks was based on the US chain Office Depot.
Operations are carried out in Malaysia, Mauritius, Pakistan, India and Indonesia.
Its origins are connected with the Royal Hellenic Naval Shipyard created in 1937 in order to build warships.
There are three branches in Milan, all founded by offshoots of the clan, one even claiming to be the "real Caraceni."
The Archive has data centers in three Californian cities, San Francisco, Redwood City, and Richmond.
Select rights are also distributed by Warner Bros., Universal, Lionsgate, Fox, Columbia Pictures, MGM and other entertainment distribution companies worldwide.
The usage share of Netscape had fallen from over ninety percent in the mid-1990s to less than one percent by the end of 2006.
In 2014, HSBC generated a pre-tax profit of €213.6m in Germany.
Carlos González Nova, Comercial Mexicana's co-founder, served as the chairman of the company's board of directors until 1998.
Openwave was a founding member of the WAP Forum.
COSI features more than 300 interactive exhibits throughout themed exhibition areas.
This includes a new iPhone version of the game, after the success of the 2010 version.
Shurgard Storage Centers, Inc. was a Real estate investment trust based in the Cascade neighborhood of Seattle, Washington.
The company's headquarters are located in Hammersmith in West London, United Kingdom and Clonskeagh, Dublin.
Volvo Cars was founded as a subsidiary of the ball bearing manufacturer SKF.
The Pronto Pups flour mix is used for a batter to dip and then fry hot dogs.
In 1981, Myer purchased Country Road, but was sold in 1987-88 and listed on the share market.
Boddingtons of Manchester took over in 1985.
Between the world wars, Caproni produced mostly bombers and light transport planes.
In 1995, the company name was changed to MSC Cruises.
In 1999 Steve Lawson sold Bad Animals to Mike McAuliffe, Dave Howe, Charlie Nordstrom and Tom McGurk.
Griffin Technology currently employs 350+ employees, worldwide.
Key developers at Epic Games include chairman, CEO and technical director Tim Sweeney, and lead programmer Steve Polge.
Ulead Systems is a Taiwanese computer software company headquartered in Neihu district in Taipei, Taiwan.
Eskom represents South Africa in the Southern African Power Pool.
It was previously known as Amena until 2005, when it was bought by France Télécom.
stock.xchng was a website providing free-to use stock photography and illustrations, its name being a reduced version of "stock exchange".
MECC had its headquarters in the Brookdale Corporate Center in Brooklyn Center, Minnesota.
It produces hair care and skin care products.
This is evidenced by changes in its marketing imagery, which historically focused on high level climbing and alpinist imagery.
In 2005, Lionhead released The Movies and Black & White 2.
Rand McNally is an American technology and publishing company that provides mapping, software and hardware for the consumer electronics, commercial transportation and education markets.
It is a subsidiary of L1 Energy.
WCG is a member of the Manitoba Cooperative Association.
Marquee Brands sold off the UK operations of Ben Sherman just six months after buying the brand.
LG Cable was spun off from LG Electronics and changed its name to LS Cable in 2005.
Arla Foods has three major brands: Arla, Lurpak and Castello cheeses that are sold worldwide.
BASF SE is a German chemical company and the largest chemical producer in the world.
Another subsidiary, Tallink Silja AB, handles marketing and sales in Sweden.
On December 13, 2012, the company announced that it had emerged from bankruptcy.
In 2015, CZW signed a deal for pay-per-views on In Demand.
Based in Sheffield, Zushi is the owner of the multi-million selling Premier Manager series and best known for Alien Hominid.
As of 2014, Juniper has been focused on developing new software-defined networking products.
General Motors produces vehicles in 37 countries under twelve brands: Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, Cadillac, Holden, HSV, Opel, Vauxhall, Wuling, Baojun, Jie Fang, and Ravon.
Orient Lines was a cruise line specialising in exotic destinations that was in operation 1993–2008.
Shubb is a company that specialises in producing capos for all kinds of stringed instruments.
Conspiracy Entertainment is currently publishing UMD videos for the PlayStation Portable and games for the Wii console.
The company also ruled the beginnings of the British Empire in India.
The most recent game in the series, Killzone Shadow Fall, was first released in North America on 15 November 2013.
Since January 9, 2009, the company is a subsidiary of Oi.
TippingPoint now functions as a part of Trend Micro Security.
After the acquisition, the Bekins Van Lines brand name continued to be used as a separate brand.
In recent years, the business has expanded to Taipei and Singapore markets, and is gradually expanding in other Chinese-speaking areas around the world.
Elf was founded on April 27, 1989 in Tokyo.
The menu, presentation, counter seating and grilling area are based on an original restaurant from 1947, The Apple Pan in West Los Angeles.
The Evening Express reaches a region of great industry and prosperity.
More than 90% of Raytheon's revenues were obtained from military contracts and, as of 2012, it was the fifth-largest military contractor in the world.
MINCE and SCRIBBLE, an Emacs-like editor and Scribe-like text formatter for CP/M machines.
They developed the video game Call of Duty, along with six other installments in the Call of Duty series.
The company was founded by Michael Wood and Robert Lally in 1994.
Filmways, Inc. was a television and film production company founded by American film executive Martin Ransohoff, and Edwin Kasper in 1952.
The globally operating Hehl Group recorded a consolidated turnover of 596 million euros in 2015.
The company has activities in music, television, film, video games, telecommunications, tickets and video hosting service.
Over the years, United Gas Pipe Line was acquired by a number of companies: Pennzoil, MidCon Corporation, LaSalle Energy Corporation and Koch Industries.
It owned 96% of Fullers Ferries in Auckland but has sold this shareholding.
Twin has also launched OKÉ and Liberation Nuts.
Surreal Software's technical capabilities increased, with the advancement of multi-platform offerings, and a proprietary real-time game development engine.
Under the Affero GPL terms, Hancom would be required to open source their code.
Also known as "Teleto", a blend of "terebi" and "Tokyo", it is the key station of TX Network.
It is the largest car rental company in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, and Israel.
In addition, PST is in charge of all VIP protection domestically and abroad except for the royal family, which has its own independent escort service.
Tripwire's second game, Killing Floor, was released on May 14, 2009.
Avast has over 1,000 employees with offices in the Czech Republic, United States, Germany, China, South Korea and Taiwan.
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc., is a public subsidiary of iHeartMedia, and is one of the world's largest outdoor advertising corporations.
The CEO of TJX companies is Ernie Herrman.
Komori Corporation is one of the largest manufacturer of printing presses.
Veikkaus is managed by the Finnish Ministry of Education.
In Canadian and USA markets DHL Supply Chain operated under the name Exel until January 2016.
Turner Sports Car Company Limited was a 1950s British sports car manufacturer, that closed in 1966.
Origin is an Australian energy company headquartered in Sydney.
Anschütz rifles are used by many competitive shooters participating in the Summer Olympics 50 meter rifle events and Winter Olympics biathlons.
Blue Origin is employing an incremental approach from suborbital to orbital flight, with each developmental step building on its prior work.
The website was named after its creator, Google employee Orkut Büyükkökten.
Within a decade, Liberty had grown large enough to buy his former employer.
The success of the website has led to a number of proprietary sports nutrition products and accessories being developed and sold under its name.
The company was based in Yukon, Oklahoma.
Jung-A Hydraulic Co., Ltd. is a South Korean auto parts company, established in 1994.
Its assets are fundamentally toll roads and car parks, in which it has a total investment of €16billion.
It is also the parent corporation of OXO International and Kaz.
PKP Intercity is a company of PKP Group responsible for long-distance passenger transport.
In 1998, Mycom Setdco and V'Power sold Lamborghini to the Volkswagen Group where it was placed under the control of the group's Audi division.
Hundreds of stores were slated to be opened, but only 89 ever were.
Though its revenue comes from a customer relationship management product, Salesforce also capitalizes on commercial applications of social networking through acquisition.
Celera is a subsidiary of Quest Diagnostics which focuses on genetic sequencing and related technologies.
The recently announced financial results for 2015/2016 show a +8.2% increment from the previous year.
It offers integrated communications products and services to global enterprises in cloud computing, unified communications and collaboration; which manage and integrate the complexity of international communications.
The PTV is one of the well-expanded broadcasting network infrastructure and media broadcasting divisions in the cities of Pakistan and abroad.
Nugget Markets is a family-owned upscale supermarket chain operating within the greater Sacramento metropolitan area.
Currently, there are 101 Outback Steakhouse locations throughout South Korea.
Digital River is headquartered in Minnetonka, Minnesota.
Their building has been recently renamed in honor of one of their deceased soldiers, SFC Scott "Smitty" Smith, who was killed in Iraq in July 2006.
MDS America was the primary party responsible for the invalidation of Northpoint Technology Inc's patents having to do with terrestrial rebroadcast of satellite signals.
Marine Atlantic's corporate headquarters are in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador.
The PlayStation 4 version was later cancelled.
A very small artisanal shop, Somec makes only a few bikes a year, out of steel or aluminum.
The Morris family, having bought back intellectual property rights to the company in 2009, announced plans to relaunch Mervyn's as an internet-based enterprise.
The Trodat international group of companies has its company headquarters in Wels, Austria.
As of 2016, 61.4% of its 31,416 worldwide employees were still in Sweden.
In 1997, the Paramax business unit was separated from Lockheed Martin under the control of Frank Lanza, and is now a subsidiary of L-3 Communications.
Its corporate office is located at Sansad Marg, New Delhi and registered office in D N Road, Mumbai.
The bitterness from the delays in restoring power helped bring down the Shoreham Plant and eventually helped force the sale of the company.
Both Dayton's and Hudson's retained their individual store names until 2001, when they were united under the Marshall Field's nameplate.
Holden also distributed the European Opel brand in Australia in 2012 until the Opel brand's Australian demise in mid-2013.
Rogers TV serves over 2.3 million cable subscribers.
tri-Ace games have sold over 3.8 million copies worldwide as of September 2005.
It was bought by Lotus in 1985.
In January 2014, Vertex completed its move from Cambridge, Massachusetts to Boston, Massachusetts, and took residence in a new, $800 million complex.
Established in 1956 by cousins Louis and Shaol Pozez, Payless is a privately held company owned by Blum Capital, and Golden Gate Capital.
The Retail Group consists of 70 company-owned stores in the US.
Daily pages display the current moon phase, the day/week of the year, and short quotations from a variety of sources.
It also manufactured the first Atlas rockets, including the rockets that were used for the manned orbital flights of Project Mercury.
Allison Transmission is an American manufacturer of commercial duty automatic transmissions and hybrid propulsion systems.
Its headquarters are in Sandy Springs, Georgia.
Midway Games, Inc. was an American video game developer and publisher.
The company has also conducted research into suspension technologies for cars and heavy-duty trucks and into the subject of cold fusion.
The company's core businesses are livestock and aquaculture.
Mazzio's began as a pizza parlor and is located throughout Oklahoma, Kansas, Texas, Iowa, Missouri, Arkansas, Tennessee, Mississippi, Georgia, and Illinois.
Max Schaefer and Erich Schaefer moved on to help form Runic Games.
Telemedia was a Canadian media company, which had holdings in radio, television and magazine publishing.
Publix stores are found as far north as Virginia, and as far south as Key West, Florida, while the westernmost location is in greater Mobile, Alabama.
Tower International is a global designer and producer of structural components and assemblies used by some major automotive vehicle manufacturers.
These products are primarily sold to industry, university, and government labs, or sold as OEM components to other manufacturers.
Volcom, Inc. is a lifestyle brand that designs, markets, and distributes boardsports-oriented products.
In July 2009, PNR unveiled a new corporate identity and inaugurated new rolling stock.
The company was founded in 1920 as International Telephone & Telegraph.
Barry's Tea is a family-owned Irish tea company founded in 1901 by James J. Barry in Cork City.
Its biscuits are also exported to Europe, North America and the Far East.
Bertha "Beatrice" Alexander Behrman, known as Madame Alexander, was an American dollmaker.
In 1933, the company introduced prune juice.
Hotel Formule 1, or hotelF1 in France, is an international chain of "super low budget" or "no frills" hotels owned by AccorHotels.
It was listed in Guinness World Records for selling more than 10 million copies of Command & Conquer worldwide.
Although the name Dobro is generically associated with the single-inverted-cone design, Gibson has announced that it would defend its right to exclusively use the name.
It is a subsidiary of HCL Enterprise.
The Winton Motor Carriage Company was a pioneer United States automobile manufacturer based in Cleveland, Ohio.
However, the company declined in the mid-1990s due to waning interest in full motion video games.
CYBG plc's other banking business, Yorkshire Bank operates as a trading division of Clydesdale Bank plc under its banking licence.
These caskets had ornate carvings made by casket and furniture companies.
At Cerrejón, low-ash, low-sulphur bituminous coal from the Cerrejón Formation is excavated.
G4S Secure Solutions is a United States/ British-based, German-owned security services company, and a split subsidiary of G4S plc and R.T. Vanderbilt Company Inc.
The group exclusively makes role-playing video games, and is known for giving their games action-packed battle systems and deep skill systems.
Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec is an institutional investor that manages several public and parapublic pension plans and insurance programs in Quebec.
Shubb capos remain a "top-selling" capo forty years after their invention.
Orlen is a major sponsor of the Polish volleyball, both the national teams and the women's national tournament.
Redback Networks was a telecommunications equipment company, specializing in hardware and software used by ISPs to manage broadband services.
Eutelsat Communications Chief Executive Officer is currently Rodolphe Belmer.
The company has sold more than half a billion units world wide.
Univar Canada is the Canadian subsidiary of Univar Inc. and one of the largest industrial and agricultural chemical distributors in Canada.
The New York Power Authority, officially the Power Authority of the State of New York, is the largest state public power organization in the United States.
In 1931 Western Cartridge Company purchased Winchester Repeating Arms and combined with it to form Winchester-Western.
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank is Crédit Agricole's corporate and investment banking entity.
CR is a chloroprene balloon and was developed in 1966.
The Sagami Railway Co Ltd, or Sotetsu, is a private railway company operating three lines in Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.
The company was founded in 1878 by Maximilian Berlitz in Providence, Rhode Island.
In 2002, they established a branch internal to the company dedicated to the development of non-electronic games, including role-playing games, board games and card games.
ActewAGL Retail is owned equally by Icon Water Limited and AGL Energy Ltd via subsidiary companies.
However on a large corporate estate a 10-day cycle is more appropriate to reduce network traffic as well as the volume of historical data Centennial stores.
NYPA uses no state tax dollars and incurs no state debt, financing its projects principally through the sale of bonds.
Wideload focused on a core team and many external developers in developing games.
A Smartlabs subsidiary, also named Insteon, was created to market the technology.
Airware is an American venture-funded startup that provides commercial unmanned aerial vehicles for enterprises.
The company serves the construction, transport, engineering, packaging, aluminium, chemical and electronic industries.
More than 60% of its apparel is made in China and the average store size is 38,000 square feet.
The company has seven different major operating segments, with a wide variety of products made by each one.
The company changed its name to Sodexo Justice Services in 2011.
The company is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is part of the FTSE 100 Index of companies.
Between 2004 and 2007, most of Yukos's assets were seized and transferred for a fraction of their value to state-owned oil companies.
Created on April 1, 1993, as part of the national telecommunications restructuring, Moldtelecom was a state company.
In the past it has also launched fashion project and operated in renewable energy and sustainable mobility.
The company sells micro turbine generators for electrical power generation, cogeneration, biogas-fueled renewable energy, and hybrid vehicle power.
It is listed on the London Stock Exchange, and is a constituent of the FTSE 250.
It also published several games from other developers.
Umbro designs, sources, and markets football-related apparel, footwear, and equipment.
Debt troubles lead to the company's bankruptcy at the end of 2014.
The company was also involved in several appeals to the Supreme Court which were not granted certiorari.
Weta Digital is a digital visual effects company based in Wellington, New Zealand.
Telus is the incumbent local exchange carrier in British Columbia and Alberta.
Glanbia is listed on the Irish and London Stock Exchange.
Bell Aliant plans on continuing to use the DMTS brand name.
Prior to this, the latest Annual Report showed that the company had revenues of $US242.4m and an Operating Profit of 14.8%.
Beyond its subscriber base and media coverage, content from Stiftung Warentest can be disseminated through word of mouth.
Systembolaget, colloquially known as systemet or bolaget, is a government-owned chain of liquor stores in Sweden.
Severn Trent plc is a UK water company that is traded on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
MPI Media Group is an American producer, distributor and licensor of theatrical film and home entertainment.
Ulysse Nardin has operated out of the same building headquartered in Le Locle, Switzerland since 1865.
Under the name Covance Research Products Inc., based in Denver, Pennsylvania, the company also deals in the import, breeding and sale of laboratory animals.
In India, it was the first company to provide Internet using the CATV network.
It was founded in 1924, being among the largest companies of its kind in Portugal.
The company's name is a portmanteau of those of Harold "Matt" Matson and Elliot Handler, who founded the company in 1945.
The businesses are listed in the Indonesian and Singapore stock exchanges.
The B-STDX and CBX/GX lines were the workhorses of most RBOC Frame Relay and ATM networks throughout the 1990s and into the 21st century.
MTS's network codes in Ukraine are 50, 66, 95, and 99.
It is named after Melitta Bentz who founded the company after she invented the drip brew paper coffee filter.
Pernod Ricard is a French company that produces distilled beverages.
The REC registry currently manages over 13.5 million objects within stringent SLAs covering availability and response times.
It ranked as the 286th largest company by revenue for 2016 in the Fortune Global 500 list.
The Bellona Foundation is an international environmental NGO based in Oslo, Norway.
Holdings include Santa Fe Gold, Battle Mountain Gold, Normandy Mining, Franco-Nevada Corp and Fronteer Gold.
The corporate headquarters were in Richmond, Indiana, in Wayne County, Indiana, in the United States.
The New Zealand Treasury's Commercial Operations group monitors the performance of Transpower on behalf of the shareholding Ministers.
It was founded in Birmingham, Alabama and is currently headquartered in New York City.
Many of the company's successful fighter aircraft designs were slight modifications of the Focke-Wulf Fw 190.
After the North American launch of the Super Nintendo Entertainment System, Nintendo became less strict on the number of games third parties could publish.
Vivisimo's public web search engine Clusty was a metasearch engine with document clustering; it was sold to Yippy, Inc. in 2010.
It was founded by William Randolph Hearst as an owner of newspapers, and the Hearst family remains involved in its ownership and management.
Grupo Modelo has exclusive rights in Mexico for the import and distribution of beer produced by Anheuser-Busch.
The combined TV Station Group reaches approximately 9.5 percent of total United States television households.
The American Tobacco Company dominated the industry by acquiring the Lucky Strike Company and over 200 other rival firms.
In addition to Thailand and China, Mitr Phol has operations and investments in Lao PDR, Cambodia, and most recently Australia.
Deals was an American chain of discount variety stores owned by Dollar Tree.
It has 15,700 employees working at 35 production sites, offices, and MRO facilities worldwide.
Gillig was located in Hayward, California, for more than 80 years before moving to Livermore in 2017.
The label's slogan was "Empty Pleasures and Desperate Measures since 1994."
Penn National Gaming, Inc. is an operator of casinos and racetracks, based in Wyomissing, Pennsylvania.
Disney Store is a partner in Disney at Harrods, which includes a Bibbidi Bobbidi Boutique salon.
Menards Inc. is a chain of home improvement centers primarily in the Midwestern United States.
Kohler Co., founded in 1873 by John Michael Kohler, is an American manufacturing company based in Kohler, Wisconsin.
Griffin Technology is a privately held U.S. company founded in Nashville, Tennessee in 1992 by Paul Griffin.
The remaining stores now operate under the Best Buy branding.
Digi-Key serves design engineers and the prototyping market, as well as an expanding role in supplying production quantities for OEMs and contract manufacturers.
However, STILLEN became known for specializing in parts for Nissan cars, but also supplies parts for other vehicles such as the Ford GT and Toyota 86.
Bethesda Softworks LLC is an American video game publisher based in Rockville, Maryland.
Like his predecessor, Ashton was not one to stand still.
His first cars were belt-driven, with single- or twin-cylinder engines mounted at the rear.
Portfolio Management consists largely of the corporation's non-rail and non-Great Lakes assets.
The company was founded in 1906 as the "New Balance Arch Support Company" and is one of the world's major sports footwear manufacturers.
Model and entrepreneur Kimora Lee Simmons developed the brand in 1999 and served as the president and creative director until 2010.
In mid-2003, Worth1000 began hosting similar competitions for photography, creative writing, and multimedia.
The dairy produces cultured dairy products and private-label milk for all Dillons stores.
Vulcan is the largest producer of construction materials, primarily gravel, crushed stone, and sand, and employs approximately 7,000 people at over 300 facilities.
The Knox Automobile Company was a manufacturer of automobiles in Springfield, Massachusetts, United States, between 1900 and 1914.
The business is a provider for healthy protein supplements.
Since 2012, Sunoco has been a wholly owned subsidiary of Energy Transfer Partners, based in Dallas, Texas.
The bank has been traded at the Athens Stock Exchange since 26 January 1963.
Libyan Foreign Bank was established in 1972 in Tripoli, Libya as Libyan Arab Foreign Bank; it was renamed Libyan Foreign Bank in 2005.
In 2005, Nexen Tire was awarded a patent for the technology to manufacture rubber/stratified silicate nano-composite tires.
Since 1980, Vauxhall products have been largely identical to those of Opel, GM's former German subsidiary, and most models are principally engineered in Rüsselsheim, Germany.
Some of these shows aired for many years including Sports Beat and Our Town.
It is a multinational company active both in the consumer and industrial sector.
It is currently divided into two studios: Creative Union of the Soyuzmultfilm Film Studio and the Soyuzmultfilm Film Fund.
It had offices located in Germany, Italy, Sri Lanka, France, Japan, the United Kingdom, the United States, Brazil, Mexico and other countries around the world.
In March 2007, Ripplewood led a group that took The Reader's Digest Association private and treated Time Life as a division of RDA.
In the Asia Pacific Region, Husky’s Liwan Gas Project in the South China Sea achieved first production in 2014.
In addition, they have held screenings for multiple official Nintendo broadcasts, most commonly Nintendo's annual main E3 presentation.
In addition to its flagship subsidiary, Square Enix Holdings owns the arcade gaming corporation Taito, known for games such as Space Invaders, Bubble Bobble and Darius.
News Limited was renamed News Corp Australia following the listing of the new News Corp on 1 July 2013.
Yukos was acquired from the Russian government by Russian oligarch Mikhail Khodorkovsky's Bank Menatep during the controversial "loans for shares" auctions of the mid 1990s.
On 27 September 2016, Apollo Global Management, LLC acquired Outerwall, Inc. for $52.00 per share in cash.
Wideload Games was an American game developer located in Chicago, Illinois.
The name is a contraction of the Turkish language Ereğli Demir ve Çelik Fabrikaları, which means "Ereğli Iron and Steel Factories".
", which was used in the chain's theater policy ads from the 1980s through the 1990s, when Sony rebranded the chain.
The route network covered destinations in 47 states, as well as international destinations.
Net sales by country was Finland 47%, Sweden 36%, and International 17%.
Man's Ruin Records was an independent record label, owned and founded by Bay Area artist Frank Kozik.
Karsan is a Turkish commercial vehicles manufacturer, based in Akçalar, Nilüfer, Bursa Province.
The rest were in the form of dating personals from several of the farm's stallions, seeking mares.
Ransom E. Olds was an entrepreneur who founded multiple companies in the automobile industry.
All WaMu branches were rebranded as Chase branches by the end of 2009.
The company cited financial issues stemming from the effects of Hurricane Sandy in late-2012 as a motive for the decision to explore strategic alternatives.
It also has established their Labex to develop research and prospect trends in the United States, France, United Kingdom, Netherlands and South Korea.
Headquartered in West Sacramento, California, Raley's is the dominant supermarket operator in the Sacramento metropolitan area.
Human Head Studios, Inc. is an American computer game development company located in Madison, Wisconsin.
The company produces bicycles, riding toys, leisure gear, patio furniture and exercise equipment.
The brand developed three engines, with its V8 setting the standard for the American automotive industry.
Its market share has fallen since then, but it remains the third largest online poker room in the world, behind PokerStars and Full Tilt Poker.
It was acquired by Hathway Investments Pvt Ltd in 1999.
The Assembly Line was a British video game development company which created games for the Atari ST, Commodore 64 and Amiga systems.
It was founded by the RIKEN zaibatsu on 6 February 1936 as Riken Sensitized Paper.
When EMC was acquired by Dell Technologies in 2016, RSA became a subsidiary of Dell EMC Infrastructure Solutions Group.
In August 2007, the brand was purchased by Focus Brands.
With the 1986 creation of Pininfarina Extra it has consulted on industrial design, interior design, architecture, and graphic design.
BYU Creamery has four locations in Provo, Utah: Creamery on Ninth East, Helaman Creamery, Wyview Creamery, and the Creamery Outlet.
City Brewing Company is a large brewery located in La Crosse, Wisconsin, USA.
Key Artoon personnel include Yoji Ishii, Manabu Kusunoki, Hidetoshi Takeshita, Yutaka Sugano, Masamichi Harada, Takuya Matsumoto and Naoto Ohshima.
The company previously produced TDM PBX systems and applications but after a change in ownership in 2001 now focuses almost entirely on Voice-over-IP products.
Ritz Crackers are a brand of snack cracker introduced by Nabisco in 1934.
Fujikon Industrial Holdings Ltd. is a Hong Kong-based company founded in 1982.
R-kioski is a chain of convenience stores that is part of the Reitan Convenience group and owned by the Reitan Group.
It was formed as a holding company for Loftleiðir and Air Iceland.
Mills self-published a closely related book, The Grand Unified Theory of Classical Physics and has co-authored articles on claimed hydrino-related phenomena.
Its head office was located in the 17th arrondissement of Paris.
From October 2007 to February 2008 the company was known as P2 Entertainment.
Currently company operates as Jelcz with focus on offroad military trucks manufacturing.
Toe Rag Studios is an analogue recording studio located in Hackney, London, England.
National Beverage Corp. is ranked by Beverage Digest as the fifth-largest soft drink company in the United States.
BOC was a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index and the FT 30.
Alcatel-Lucent was absorbed by Nokia in January 2016.
The original Pontins company was founded in 1946 by Fred Pontin.
The Walgreen Company is an American company which operates as the second-largest pharmacy store chain in the United States behind CVS Health.
The customer base is heavily skewed toward women, who accounted for 80% of customers as reported in 2013.
Customers began transferring to TalkTalk from February 2015.
The total workforce is around 450 employees.
The society, through the international network of the Red Cross, helps the world’s vulnerable populations, including victims of armed conflicts and communities destroyed by disasters.
Intercon Security, Ltd. was a global security solution provider with headquarters in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
In the mid-1970s, Cassano's was ranked by the National Restaurant Association as one of the top four pizza chains in the United States.
It operates over 1,700 pubs in the UK, and is the world's largest brewer of cask ale.
Many of its former staff members have since left to other companies such as Retro Studios, Certain Affinity, and the now-defunct Vigil Games.
Other major feature films included Two a Penny, which starred Cliff Richard.
BMARC was a UK-based firm designing and producing defence products, particularly aircraft cannon and naval anti-aircraft cannon.
"The good news is that none of this impacts Milwaukee or Wisconsin.
It carries out upstream and downstream activities throughout the entire world.
As of December 2006, Costcutter was owned by James A. Barry and Co.
Blue Byte GmbH is a video game developer and publisher based in Düsseldorf, Germany, founded in 1988.
Other customers include the New York and London Stock Exchanges.
Comarch is a Polish multinational software house and systems integrator based in Kraków, Poland.
The company's catalog has expanded to include over 13,000 songs in each major genre.
Rebellion Developments bought Elixir's intellectual property in March 2006, including Evil Genius.
Flying J is cited by the Terror-Free Oil Initiative as a company that does not purchase oil from terrorism-sponsoring nations.
Renewi plc is a leading European waste management company operating in Europe and North America.
Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited majority-owned and founded by the Government of India, is an engineering and manufacturing company based in New Delhi, India.
Renys purchases small lots of high quality brands at a discount by buying production overruns, closeouts, irregulars, and factory seconds.
Founded by Andy Gavin and Jason Rubin in 1984 as an independent developer, the studio was acquired by Sony Computer Entertainment in 2001.
Noritsu Koki Co., Ltd. is a photo processing machine manufacturer based in Tokyo, Japan.
The Bank of Hawaii Corporation is a regional commercial bank headquartered in Honolulu, Hawaii.
In 1954 Kieft started to make a two-seater sports car which could also be used as a road car.
Aurora Cable Internet was a Canadian company that provided digital cable television, cable Internet and VOIP service in the towns of Aurora and Oak Ridges, Ontario.
Boeing Capital is a subsidiary of The Boeing Company, providing asset-based leasing and lending services.
The company designs, manufactures, and markets a complete line of motion control systems.
The new owners also closed the Toronto brewery and moved the operations to its Guelph, Ontario facility.
The Arri Group is a global supplier of motion picture film equipment.
Conn-Selmer, Inc. is an American manufacturer of musical instruments for concert bands, marching bands and orchestras.
Like major competitors Equifax and Experian, TransUnion markets credit reports directly to consumers.
It was founded in Eindhoven in 1891, by Gerard Philips and his father Frederik.
Some of their computers were MSX-compliant or IBM PC compatible.
Traveller's Tales was founded in 1989 by Jon Burton.
In Indonesia, Cetaphil entered the market in January 2013 partnering with Parazelsus Indonesia as its Indonesian distributor.
It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
The commercial version was released through Steam in July, 2006.
As of 2011, Sverre Quale has been employed as the Chief Executive at Multiconsult.
"Trust-busting" critics accused Standard Oil of using aggressive pricing to destroy competitors and form a monopoly that threatened other businesses.
The company is headquartered in Morris Plains, New Jersey.
Mutual of Omaha is a privately held Fortune 500 mutual insurance and financial services company based in Omaha, Nebraska.
Ooredoo Maldives is a mobile operator in the Maldives, owned by Ooredoo Group.
The company's stock is listed on the Amman Stock Exchange; its symbol is JOST.
Genovese Drug Stores had no connection to the Genovese crime family, one of the "Five Families" of the city's Mafia.
Atmel serves applications including consumer, communications, computer networking, industrial, medical, automotive, aerospace and military.
The factory started producing buses in 1958, based on trucks from GAZ.
Cedar Fair, L.P., doing business as the Cedar Fair Entertainment Company, is a publicly traded partnership headquartered at its Cedar Point amusement park in Sandusky, Ohio.
The company was founded in 1969 and, as of 2014, had 21,900 employees worldwide and a reported $3.1 billion in sales.
At the height of Kmart's popularity, the phrase "Attention Kmart shoppers!"
Former GM automotive brands include McLaughlin, Oakland, Oldsmobile, Pontiac, Hummer, Saab, Saturn, as well as Vauxhall, and Opel, which were bought by Groupe PSA in 2017.
It has also been named Agency of the Year in 2005 by Adweek, Advertising Age, and Campaign.
There are two main subdivisions within it; XCOR Space Expeditions provides marketing and sales, and XCOR Science conducts scientific and educational payload flights.
MSCI Inc., is an American provider of equity, fixed income, hedge fund stock market indexes, and equity portfolio analysis tools.
The eighth-largest American manufacturing company in 1941 and the ninth-largest in 1979, Gulf Oil was one of the so-called Seven Sisters oil companies.
In 2006, Newsweek has estimated that the company sales have increased from $12 million in 2003 to $91 million in that year.
XING provides its paying members very easy email access to any members.
Around 70% of the employees worked for MySQL from their home offices.
Institute for Systems Biology is a non-profit research institution located in Seattle, Washington, United States.
and Hyperlite to form a new watersports company named Square One with a new wakeboarding brand, Ronix, that would compete with Hyperlite.
ASC Pty Ltd, formerly the Australian Submarine Corporation, is an Australian government business enterprise involved with Australian naval shipbuilding, headquartered in Osborne, South Australia.
In 2006, Photobox merged with French counterpart Photoways and later, in July 2011, Photobox merged with personalised card company Moonpig creating the ‘Photobox Group’.
Wyevale Garden Centres, formerly The Garden Centre Group, is a chain of 151 garden centres in England and Wales.
It was founded by Miguel de Icaza and Nat Friedman in 1999 and was bought by Novell in 2003.
Cosmos Engineering was a company that manufactured aero-engines in a factory in Fishponds, Bristol during World War I.
Chartered Semiconductor was created in 1987, as a venture that included Singapore Technologies Engineering Ltd.
The location of such a large industrial plant in downtown Creemore generated debate.
This event had significantly lowered team morale and forced the team to rename the ARMA 3's setting to a fictional one.
Time Out Market, launched in 2014 in Lisbon, enables people to discover, book, live and share their experiences on one platform.
Property Vision was acquired by HSBC in 2001 and specialises in managing and providing advice on property purchases.
Outerlight had released an earlier prototype of the game as a Half-Life mod in 2004.
Hatsopoulos is a MIT PhD in mechanical engineering and Nomikos a Harvard Business School graduate.
Butler Capital Partners is a European private equity firm focusing primarily on investments in France and Europe.
The "Sierra" brand name was re-activated as a publishing label by Activision in 2014.
On bank holidays, a Sunday service is operated.
During the late 1950s, the company started making electric guitars and later amplifiers.
Prometric's corporate headquarters are located in Canton in the United States.
Shortly after the merger, Amoco stations began a rebranding that saw the stations change their names to the BP marque while continuing to sell Amoco-branded fuel.
Happy Joe's Pizza & Ice Cream Parlor is an American pizza parlor chain based in Bettendorf, Iowa.
They publish comics such as Lullaby, The 10th Muse, The Legend of Isis, and Sixgun Samurai.
is controlled by the Koç family, one of Turkey's wealthiest families.
Prior to its closure in 2016, it developed and distributed multi-platform video games and interactive entertainment worldwide.
Do it Best Corp. is the second-largest co-op in the industry with sales of $3.02 billion in FY 2016.
At that time, Ford Canada was a separate company from Ford USA.
National Grid has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange, and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
As of September 2016, Vodafone UK has 18.01 million subscribers and is the third largest mobile telecommunications network nationally after EE and O2.
The company was founded in 1982 as a corporate and real estate investment firm, and diversified in 1997 into hedge funds.
Grupo Financiero Banorte is listed on the Mexican Stock Exchange, on the Latibex, and on the U.S. OTC securities market through ADRs.
It is ranked on the list of US largest privately owned corporations.
Lucas Oil has two major plants in the United States.
Harvey's Brewery is a brewery in Lewes, East Sussex, England.
Its main plant is located in the city of Volta Redonda, in the state of Rio de Janeiro.
For the current company, see Thomson Reuters.
It purchased P&O Group of the United Kingdom in 2006 for £3.9 billion, which was at the time the world's fourth largest ports operator.
In European markets, these products are sold under both the Miroku and Browning brand names.
Smaller electricity customers which are not economic continue to be billed by Ergon Energy and the electricity distribution network remains in public ownership.
DST was founded in February 1969 as Data·Sys·Tance, a subsidiary of Kansas City Southern Industries and is headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri.
The brand Ideal Standard dates to the early 1900s.
Sold in 1986, Laurence Pearce produced variants of the Jaguar XJS before producing a bespoke sports car, the Lister Storm.
As Coreland, the company was responsible for the arcade game Pengo, which was published by Sega in 1982.
St. Jude Medical was founded in 1976 and went public in 1977, and the company has been listed in the Fortune 500 every year since 2010.
It has research and development centres in Pune, Jamshedpur, Lucknow, and Dharwad, India and in South Korea, Great Britain and Spain.
Its founder, James Wang, started the studio in 1978 as an overseas facility for the U.S. animation outlet Hanna–Barbera.
CSN also owns its own source of iron ore.
Currently, Denso ranks the second largest auto parts supplier.
The company was formed in 1950 in Sasolburg, South Africa, and is the world's first oil-from-coal company.
In 1976, all activities of the Watch Tower Society were brought under the supervision of the Governing Body of Jehovah's Witnesses.
In 1991, K&W began offering takeout service through the To Go Shop.
Joe Longo Sr. died in fall 2008.
The Ulster Transport Authority ran rail and bus transport in Northern Ireland from 1948 until 1966.
However, in the early years, some have retailed under the Holden name in Australia whereas most cars for export have retailed under different names.
Vicks DayQuil is an over-the-counter combination medication product used for the temporary relief of common cold and flu symptoms.
Originally a manufacturer of automatic looms, it is the company from which Toyota Motor Corporation developed.
Together, they own about 14 percent of its shares, and control 56 percent of the stockholder voting power through supervoting stock.
As part of the transfer, or privatization, Nav Canada paid the government CA$1.5 billion.
CMS Energy, based in Jackson, Michigan, is an energy company that is focused principally on utility operations in Michigan.
The current managing director of Matalan is Jason Hargreaves.
The company sells more than 2,000 products in 112 countries.
Controls include a centrally mounted control column, brake and trim lever.
Homewood Suites competes in the upscale tier of the extended-stay market, along with Staybridge Suites by IHG and Residence Inn by Marriott.
Hampton by Hilton is one of the largest hotel franchises in the U.S..
Nash Motors Company was an American automobile manufacturer based in Kenosha, Wisconsin, in the United States from 1916 to 1937.
Monogram has been a premier maker of scale plastic models of aircraft, spacecraft, ships, cars, and military vehicles since the early 1950s.
ESP Company, Limited is a Japanese guitar manufacturer, primarily focused on the production of electric guitars and basses.
The German company had also purchased another 17.62% shares from the market through an open offer at the same price.
Softball is a variant of baseball played with a larger ball on a smaller field.
The 125cc motorcycle won the 3rd Mount Fuji Ascent Race in its class.
Namesys was a California corporation responsible for the design and implementation of the ReiserFS and Reiser4 filesystems.
Iceland has very high taxes on alcohol.
It was purchased by PeopleSoft, Inc. in 2003.
They also produce a line of single-origin, vintaged chocolate bars under the brand name Chocolatour.
This store was sold in 2007 to the Vergo Retail Ltd and closed in 2010.
Today, the company has an annual sales revenue of about $2.2 billion.
Anadolu Group was founded in the early 1950s by the Özilhan and Yazıcı families.
Magneti Marelli S.p.A. [maɲˈɲɛti maˈrɛlli] develops and manufactures high-tech components for the automotive industry.
Additionally, NASCAR Thunder 2003 and NASCAR Thunder 2004 were released not only for the PlayStation 2, but for the original PlayStation as well.
He is currently the owner of Capitol News Company, the parent company of political newspaper and website Politico.
Siemens-Schuckert was a German electrical engineering company headquartered in Berlin, Erlangen and Nuremberg that was incorporated into the Siemens AG in 1966.
Tata Group is an Indian multinational conglomerate holding company headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.
they produce 1-2% of power for the area using 3 hydro electric dams located on the thunder bay river.
The domain gamespot.com attracted at least 60 million visitors annually by 2008 according to a Compete.com study.
Vodacom Group Limited is an African mobile communications company, providing voice, messaging, data and converged services to over 55 million customers.
EDO Corporation was an American company, which was acquired by ITT Corporation in 2007.
After a combination of a merger and demerger with Alinta in 2006, it was replaced by AGL Energy.
It was owned by Jan Cameron's Retail Adventures along with Sam's Warehouse, Crazy Clark's and Chickenfeed stores.
Through stage productions, new script development, apprenticeships and internships, Native Earth seeks to fulfill a community of artistic visions.
The company's corporate headquarters are located at the "Little Creamery" in Brenham, Texas.
Publicis Groupe S.A. is presided by Arthur Sadoun, and its agencies provide digital and traditional advertising, media services and marketing services to national and multinational clients.
Cisco Annual Security Report on 20 January 2016 reveals a decline in defender confidence and the increased impact of industrialized attackers.
During its early years, DMA Design was backed by its publisher Psygnosis, primarily focusing on Amiga, Atari ST and Commodore 64 games.
Founded in England in 1932, the company holds a Royal Warrant from Queen Elizabeth II.
Its network radio access serves to the following Mobile Virtual network Operators: MasMovil, Happy Móvil, Carrefour Móvil, Jazztel Movil, Día Móvil and Simyo.
United Online, Inc. was an independent public company formed by the 2001 merger of NetZero and Juno Online Services.
This Cosworth-powered device featured a simple riveted aluminium monocoque with tubular sub-frame carrying the radiator and front suspension.
As a result of its pioneering work and the ensuing popularity of microarray products, Affymetrix derives significant benefit from its patent portfolio in this area.
Deutsche Post AG is listed on the Börse Frankfurt as DPW and is in the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index.
In 1971, the Schering Corporation merged with Plough to form Schering-Plough.
Lexus is the luxury vehicle division of Japanese car maker Toyota.
The company takes its name and logo from Cerberus, a large three-headed creature of Greek mythology.
Celcom also provides rural communications services using CDMA Technology and Satellite Phone.
Other products that use Hynix memory include DVD players, cellular phones, set-top boxes, personal digital assistants, networking equipment, and hard disk drives.
In 2016, Optum was named "North America Company of the Year for Population Health Management" by Frost & Sullivan
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited is an Indian state-owned telecommunications company headquartered in New Delhi.
The last head of RAO UES was Anatoly Chubais.
Crystal Cruise Lines, most commonly referred to as Crystal Cruises, is an American luxury cruise line with its headquarters in Los Angeles in the United States.
Avio S.p.A. is an Italian company operating in the aerospace sector with its head office in Rivalta di Torino, Turin, Italy.
The website was also used for dating and discovering new events, bands and hobbies.
MySQL AB was a Swedish software company founded in 1995.
The company's headquarters was in Calabasas, California.
British Aerospace plc was a British aircraft, munitions and defence-systems manufacturer.
Today, the company is one of the top three sōgō shōsha companies in the world.
Ariolasoft GmbH, later known as United Software, was a German computer game developer, publisher and distributor.
The company's principal activities include the operation of Pan Malaysian Pools Sdn Bhd, a Malaysian lottery business.
It usually means either "enemy" or "servant".
The shop premises on Broad Street were frequently used for television adaptations like Brideshead Revisited and the last Inspector Morse episode The Remorseful Day..
Thomas Law, who was the head of the business, found his answer in a scientific magazine he picked up by chance.
Guests can request items such as yoga mats, guitars, cupcakes, sound pillows, hair diffusers and golf putters.
Then in January 1996, consortium ETL and PTT of Montenegro obtained a 20-year concession for establishing a GSM 900 mobile network in Montenegro.
Products are manufactured in Norway and marketed across large parts of the world by a network of national and regional sales companies.
7th Level was a video game development company based in Dallas, Texas and founded in 1993.
In 2006 SSTL won the Times Higher Education Supplement award for outstanding contribution to innovation and technology.
The RECARO Holding independent business divisions include;
Wally Heider Studios was a recording studio in San Francisco, California between 1969 and 1980, started by recording engineer and studio owner Wally Heider.
It has retail outlets in South Asia and Eastern Europe.
Its service territory comprises most of Portland west of the Willamette River, sharing most of the city east of the river with Pacific Power.
For the horse racing track, known simply as Jockey Club, located in Paraguay see: Jockey Club del Paraguay.
The Olympia Brewing Company was a brewery in the northwest United States, located in Tumwater, Washington, near Olympia.
On January 25, 2009 Verizon Wireless officially took over all operations of Unicel.
The company manufactures skateboard decks using 7-ply, 8-ply, and carbon fiber constructions, while the decks are bound with resin epoxy glue.
Until the formation of News Corporation in 1979, News Limited was the principal holding company for the business interests of Rupert Murdoch and his family.
It was marketed as the sleeping pill Contergan, and promoted as a morning sickness preventative.
They brew in small batches in order to create the highest quality of beer possible.
The Economist Newspaper Limited, trading as The Economist Group, is a British multinational media company headquartered in London and best known as publisher of The Economist.
During the 1970s, LexisNexis pioneered the electronic accessibility of legal and journalistic documents.
Founded in 1971 in Merzig, Germany, the company moved to its current location in Beckingen in 1974.
They are typically around 450 square feet for a standard suite and 750 for a two-bedroom suite.
Menlo Logistics is a global supply chain company operating in 20 countries on five continents.
Antofagasta is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
Fresh Del Monte acquired Del Monte Europe in 2004.
The Synanon organization, initially a drug rehabilitation program, was founded by Charles E. "Chuck" Dederich, Sr., in 1958 in Santa Monica, California, United States.
Mike Ryder, former president of Sierra Entertainment, forced a change in management in October 2001, during development of Lords of the Realm III.
It remains active primarily as an informational depository on the UFO phenomenon.
It was founded in 1984 and has its corporate headquarters in Bridgewater, New Jersey and its research headquarters in New York City.
The company had five local subsidiaries including STX Offshore & Shipbuilding, STX Engine, STX Heavy Industries, STX PanOcean and STX Energy.
In 1973, Sansui introduced the more advanced QS Vario Matrix decoder with 20 dB separation.
Patek Philippe & Co. is a Swiss watch manufacturer founded in 1851, located in Geneva and the Vallée de Joux.
Asahi Breweries, Ltd. is a leading brewery and soft drink company based in Tokyo, Japan.
A Fortune Global 500 company, Schneider Electric is publicly traded on the Euronext Exchange and is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index.
It is the leading subsidiary of the holding company PG&E Corporation which has a market capitalization of $29.37 billion.
Yamaha Motor Company Limited is a Japanese manufacturer of motorcycles, marine products such as boats and outboard motors, and other motorized products.
ADVAN wheels and tires have a strong presence in the aftermarket scene worldwide.
The Lynde and Harry Bradley Foundation, based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, is a charitable foundation with more than $800 million U.S. dollars in assets.
Prometric now operates as a wholly owned subsidiary of ETS.
Its headquarters are in Minato, Tokyo, Japan.
It is aimed mainly at competitive ISSF shooting events, including some contested at the Olympic Games as governed by the International Shooting Sport Federation.
In addition, Surefire makes knives, sound suppressors, Picatinny Rails and batteries.
[5] In 2008, he handed over the day-to-day running of the business to Lohan Presencer.
The Cerruti house designs, manufactures, distributes, and retails luxury ready-to-wear, jeans, fragrances, sportswear, leather goods, watches, and accessories.
Qwest Communications International Inc. merged with CenturyLink on April 1, 2011 and the Qwest brand was replaced by the CenturyLink brand.
In 1526 its inaugural product was arquebus barrels; by all accounts Beretta-made barrels equipped the Venetian fleet at the Battle of Lepanto in 1571.
In September 2013, HP announced that it entered the next-generation firewall market with a new line of TippingPoint firewalls.
Virtutech's idea is to provide tools that allow developers to develop software faster than they would using hardware and traditional development methods.
In 2006, the company re-incoprorated as Egosoft GmbH.
Asda's marketing promotions are usually based solely on price, and since 2015, like its parent company, Walmart, Asda has promoted itself under the slogan "Save Money.
Dow Chemical Company bought Rohm and Haas for $15 billion in 2009.
Through its subsidiaries it serves 9 million gas and electric utility customers in nine states.
It was known as Canadian Satellite Communications prior to its acquisition by Shaw.
Its motto is "Contribute to culture and industry through creativity".
On December 16, 2008 SpaceDev announced its acquisition by Sierra Nevada Corporation had been completed.
For the Tibetan village see Tomra, Tibet.
The company's track record around transparency, policies and practices has improved since a damning 2010 study accused the company of human rights violations.
Iogen is based in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
The Blue Moon remains one of the few surviving blue-collar landmarks in Seattle.
The original company was established in 1883 in Chicago, Illinois.
Since 1995, Setra has been a member of the Daimler Benz subsidiary, EvoBus GmbH.
It was founded by Harry Gordon Selfridge.
It began as Sprocket Systems in San Anselmo, California and its name officially changed to Skywalker Sound in 1987 after the company moved to Skywalker Ranch.
Ruby-Spears Productions was a Burbank, California-based American entertainment production company that specialized in animation; with another branch in Rome, Italy.
It was announced Friday, January 17, 2014 they would cease operations.
This product was the flagship software produced by HavenTree Software Limited, of Kingston, Ontario Canada.
GATX Corporation is divided into four business segments: Rail North America, Rail International, American Steamship Company, and Portfolio Management.
Molex Incorporated is a manufacturer of electronic, electrical and fiber optic interconnection systems.
The company was formerly active in the provision of broadband Internet services, but sold this unit to United Internet for €123 million in 2009.
Renishaw plc is a British engineering company based in Wotton-under-Edge, Gloucestershire.
The company's headquarters are in Shinagawa, Tokyo.
The name "Toei" is derived from the company's former name "Tōkyō Eiga Haikyū".
In the Caribbean, CONTEL purchased several major stakes in the newly independent countries of the British West Indies.
He had built his first amp, a Fender Bassman clone, with the aid of books being discarded by a library.
It has two main divisions: Menzies Distribution and Menzies Aviation and is listed on the London Stock Exchange.
MSC Cruises is the world's largest privately owned cruise company, employing 16,300 people worldwide and having offices in 45 countries as of July 2014.
Auto Trader Group plc is an automotive classified advertising business.
Employing a staff of 218 people, it is known for developing such games as the Dragon Ball Z: Budokai trilogy for the PlayStation 2.
The company develops secure software solutions for the financial and governmental industries.
The first version appeared in early 1994, making SUSE one of the oldest existing commercial distributions.
It was founded in 1948 by C. E. "Doc" Toland, who had worked in a cooperative in Little Rock, Arkansas called Model Markets.
The company gained a good name in motorsport, which gave a sporty image to the whole marque.
This was originally set in Owensboro, before moving to Louisville, Kentucky in 1997.
The corporate headquarters is located in Pawtucket, Rhode Island.
Geographically, the Company’s total sales are essentially equally balanced between Asia, Europe and the Americas.
Airgo is now owned by Qualcomm, although still located in Palo Alto, while Qualcomm's headquarters is in San Diego.
Canterbury of New Zealand was established in 1904, producing garments in Canterbury, New Zealand.
Charles H. Spaulding, founder of Spaulding & Slye
There are 25 low, mid, and high-rise office structures in the area.
In February 2012, it was announced that due to the studio going into administration, it would close before June, just a year before its centenary.
Guardian Media Group plc is a British mass media company owning various media operations including The Guardian and The Observer.
Its operations began in December 1999 when it launched wireless services as the second operator.
Santa Monica Studio, LLC is an American first-party video game developer and part of SIE Worldwide Studios, which is owned by Sony Interactive Entertainment.
Its business includes manufacturing and construction of nuclear power plants, thermal power stations, turbines and generators, desalination plants, castings, and forgings.
Destron Fearing, a subsidiary of Digital Angel, initially developed the technology for the PositiveID.
Its online sales and profits surpassed all US retailers combined since 2015.
The organization has over 4,400 employees across the United States, Canada and Australia.
By comparison, in 2001 only 32.1% of Toyota vehicles sold in Canada were produced in Canada and only 45.1% were produced in North America.
Green Cargo have purchased 16 Bombardier TRAXX locomotives, named Re by Green Cargo.
It is one of the oldest cosmetics companies in the world.
The company supplies modern business management systems, enterprise resource planning software and IT services to manufacturers, distributors and wholesale businesses across North America, Europe and Asia.
Spag's was, from 1934 to 2004, a discount department store on Route 9 in Shrewsbury, Massachusetts.
The company runs about 425 grocery and convenience stores.
Many of these outlets are located at the wineries, breweries or distilleries themselves; certain wine retail shops are located within grocery stores.
Products include locomotives, trains, metros, freight and fuel wagons, and equipment for passenger boarding of aircraft.
Brian Henson serves as chairman, while Lisa Henson serves as CEO.
The rail and land based haulage and container activities are operated by DFDS Logistics.
In 2013, it was third-largest television producer by market share.
UnionBanCal had assets of $105 billion as of December 31, 2013.
The company soon got into licensed characters, which by the 1950s, became the bulk of their output.
Thermo Electron Corporation was a major provider of analytical instruments and services for a variety of domains.
During its period of operation the Bombay Talkies produced 40 movies in Malad, a suburb of the Indian city of Mumbai.
Forest Laboratories was known for licensing European pharmaceuticals for sale in the United States.
In 2002, sales for the whole company were C$1.9 billion.
The company also provides services through registered investment advisers.
EKOS has begun using interactive voice response for its political polls and to recruit for its research panel, known as Probit.
The name was changed to Connex in 2000, and in November 2002 Compagnie générale française des transports et entreprises was incorporated.
People Ready is part of TrueBlue which also includes CLP, Spartan Staffing, Plane Techs, and Centerline Drivers.
The companies were previously producing TV commercials.
On March 31, 2011, Northrop Grumman spun off its shipbuilding sector into a new corporation, Huntington Ingalls Industries.
Walt Disney Television's television productions are broadcast, mostly on Disney Channel, Disney Junior, Disney XD, ABC.
Noweco or Norwegian Welding Control AS is an industrial company based in Harstad and Hammerfest, Norway.
She died the next day after undergoing various unsuccessful operations.
In June 2014, Vodafone was ranked the fastest mobile network on the planet by speed-testing service Ookla.
Belo had its headquarters in the Belo Building in Downtown Dallas, designed by Dallas architects Omniplan and constructed between 1983 and 1985.
The track gauge is 1,435 mm, differing from the more common Japanese track gauge of 1,067 mm.
All of its operations are now outside the United States.
The chain also once operated in the United States and Canada but exited those countries in 2004.
It was founded in 1929 by Marcel Bloch as Société des Avions Marcel Bloch or "MB".
With the PC-24, it offers a twin-engined STOL jet aircraft capable from operating from unpaved runways.
Bristol has only one sales showroom, on Kensington High Street in London.
Its headquarters is in the Near Northwest district of Houston, Texas.
Whataburger was known for many years for its distinct A-framed orange-and-white stripe-roofed buildings.
The NTCOF filed an amicus curiae brief in 2004 for Elk Grove Unified School District v. Newdow, supporting Michael Newdow's argument.
MTV Networks Europe is primarily based in London while also hosting a number of local offices throughout Europe, including Paris and Stockholm.
Development of the Championship Manager series will however continue.
The company has its origins in Tolerant Systems, founded in 1983 and later renamed Veritas Software.
Gazprom's gas transport system includes 158,200 kilometres of gas trunk lines.
Run by Flytoget AS, it operates on the high-speed Gardermoen Line using sixteen GMB Class 71 electric trains.
The motto of Vodafone is Trăiește fiecare clipă.
He formed a new company, Dan D'Agostino Master Audio Systems that competes with his old firm.
They were well known for their recordable optical media, and were regarded by many to be the very best in the industry.
In 2014, Alstom and General Electric announced that a US$17 billion bid for the company's power and grid divisions had been made and provisionally accepted.
With sales over 43 billion USD in 2015, it is the world's largest wholesaler in technology products and services.
The division is based at the RTÉ Television Centre in Donnybrook, Dublin, however, the station also operates regional bureaux across Ireland and the world.
Since 2003, Clark has been owned by the Young An Hat Company of Korea.
Amiga, Inc. is a company that holds some trademarks and other assets associated with the Amiga personal computer.
The biggest characters for the studio were Woody Woodpecker, Andy Panda, Chilly Willy, and Oswald the Lucky Rabbit.
The GoPhone brand name is still in use even after "Cingular" renamed itself "AT&T Mobility".
Until September 2011, TippingPoint was within HP Networking, the networking division of HP.
Canal Digital's cable system in the newer network areas which includes most of Canal Digital's cable networks in Norway is based on hybrid fibre-coaxial technology.
Originally based in Leamington Spa, the company moved to Coventry in 2001 and Warwick in
The main brewery is located today in Enschede.
It featured its own unique design, with aluminum body panels and a removable fiberglass top that were manufactured in-house.
Initially centered on creating antivirus software, the company has since expanded its line of business to advanced cybersecurity services with technology for preventing cybercrime.
Alenia Aeronautica was created in 1990 by concentrating the Finmeccanica aerospace and defense industries Aeritalia and Selenia.
Topcon Corporation is a Japanese manufacturer of optical equipment for ophthalmology and surveying.
The vehicles are mostly late-model hatchbacks, but also include vans, utes and premium vehicles.
Industries served by these segments includes: chemical industries, commercial construction, food and beverage, general and commercial aviation, and power generation.
Though it is a major international group doing business in 120 countries, it remains a private family-owned company.
The company was originally known for their software instruments, but has also expanded its product line to include various other music equipment segments in recent years.
In addition to games, Pangea also specializes in panoramic photography services.
It began producing boats in the 1980s and kayaks in 1998
A very good-selling model was the Tomos "4L", produced from 1969 until 1980.
It is named after the Staten Island Advance, the first newspaper owned by the Newhouse family, in which Sam Newhouse bought a controlling interest in 1922.
Throughout the years, the company has advocated the belief of "Market Transparency and A Fair Deal".
Knowledge Adventure, Inc. is an American maker of educational software including the Adiboo and JumpStart series of grade-based and subject-based titles, such as My First Encyclopedia.
In April 2012, Footstar was merged into Xstelos Holdings, Inc.
Taco John's is a Cheyenne, Wyoming-based fast-food restaurant featuring Mexican-inspired fast food.
LaCie also has a series of mobile bus-powered hard drives.
AmSouth was in the financial services industry and at its peak employed over twelve thousand people.
When the company commenced its service on 15 January 2000, it bought 14 ferries and rented seven hovercraft and catamarans from its predecessor.
The company focused on product development activities on viruses and human disease, including those caused by cytomegalovirus and hepatitis C virus infections.
Home Hardware Stores Ltd. is a privately held Canadian home improvement, construction materials, and furniture retailer.
It operates sixteen casino properties, located in Colorado, Indiana, Iowa, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, Nevada, Pennsylvania, and Ohio, and a horse track in Texas.
Speight's is a brewery in Dunedin, New Zealand.
In 2011 the first all new MG for 16 years was launched in the UK.
Metronet entered administration in 2008 and was bought by TfL.
The NutraSweet Company states that its product is used in more than 5,000 products and consumed by some 250 million people worldwide.
Michael Soldano originally worked with his head technician Bill Sundt at Stars Guitars, modifying amps brought to him.
It was later bought by AT&T in 1995 and used by the pre-2004 "AT&T Wireless" after Cingular's purchase of AT&T Wireless in 2004 for $41 billion.
The corporation was established on 15 January 1921.
Niederegger was founded in Lübeck on 1 March 1806 by Johann Georg Niederegger.
In 2014, Leidos reported US$5.06 billion in revenue.
Swatch is a Swiss watchmaker founded in 1983 by Nicolas Hayek, and is subsidiary of The Swatch Group.
In 1963, Chopard was sold to Karl Scheufele, a watchmaker from Pforzheim, Germany.
It has a staff of over 90 employees.
QinetiQ continues to be a strategic partner.
Formed by bandleader Shin Watanabe and his wife Misa Watanabe in 1955, the company has become one of the most influential of its kind in Japan.
The company developed crocheting machines for its own use and by 1887 evolved to design, build and market sewing machines exclusively.
The Yang Ming Group includes a logistics unit, container terminals in Taiwan, Belgium, Netherlands and the USA, as well as stevedoring services.
MV Agusta, originally Meccanica Verghera Agusta, is a motorcycle manufacturer founded on 12 February 1945 near Milan in Cascina Costa, Italy.
In 2013, Lister Cars was acquired by Lawrence Whittaker's company Warrantywise.
With a factory located on the shores of Lake Varese, the firm originally manufactured a series of Nieuport designs, as well as seaplanes.
The Qt Company operates in China, Finland, Germany, Norway, Russia, Korea and the United States.
Unified.js is part of the JavaScript language framework.
It was best known for its work on the Might and Magic role-playing video game series and its spin-offs, especially Heroes of Might and Magic.
Ryman is a UK stationery retail company with 212 outlets nationwide in the UK.
In April 2014 BMG Rights Management acquired Skint records.
On January 30, 2003, MacSoft was acquired by Destineer, and founder Peter Tamte again became the company's director.
On March 1st, 2017, Sound United LLC completed the acquisition of D+M Holdings.
It produces petroleum, petrochemical, and lubricant products, as well as polysilicon products through its investment in Hankook Silicon.
They are best known for their women's fashion and accessories, which are aimed at the 25–35 age range.
Tele Monte Carlo was the Italian language television channel from the Principality of Monaco.
Leonardo S.p.A., formerly Leonardo-Finmeccanica and Finmeccanica, is an Italian global high-tech company and one of the key players in aerospace, defence and security.
The company was founded as George A. Hormel & Company in Austin by George A. Hormel in 1891.
Moskvitch was a Soviet/Russian automobile brand produced by AZLK from 1946 to 1991 and by OAO Moskvitch from 1991 to 2001.
Reinforced KAMAZ trucks are used by the Russian army.
Osaka Gas Co., Ltd., commonly written as 大阪ガス, is a Japanese gas company based in Osaka, Japan.
In an interesting move, two Swedish filmmakers sued the TV4 Group over copyright infringement in November 2004 for placing commercials during their film's TV broadcasts.
The T-Online brand is also used in Hungary, Austria and Switzerland.
It is accountable to the public through the Scottish Government.
Kamov merged with Mil and Rostvertol to form Russian Helicopters.
Shares that Loewe had in other gun- and ammunition plants were transferred to DWM.
That sale made the state the single largest shareholder.
Founded by entrepreneur Victor S. Fox, it produced such titles as Blue Beetle, Fantastic Comics and Mystery Men Comics.
Despite similar names, Woolworths Limited has no affiliation with the F.W.
It is the largest cymbal manufacturer in the world.
It merged on 1 October 2005, with the BAWAG to form BAWAG P.S.K..
PRISA Televisión, S.A.U is a leading pay TV company in Spain.
Founded in 1897 and headquartered in Franklin Lakes, New Jersey, BD employs nearly 50,000 people in more than 50 countries throughout the world.
All of its personnel in the USA were working pursuant to extended H-1B visas or temporary L-1 visas.
Philo Farnsworth, who invented cathode ray tube television, worked at Philco for some time.
Through its wholly owned subsidiaries ECAPS and NanoSpace, SSC is also engaged in the development of environmentally friendly propulsion systems and micromechanical systems for space applications.
In 2005, when it had 12 stores, the group was acquired by House of Fraser.
Invented and patented by Claudio Vincetelli in May 1998, production is currently undertaken by Geomagworld SA at the production facilities in Novazzano, Switzerland.
It is the second largest company by revenue in the world according to the 2016 Fortune Global 500 ranking.
The book became a major best-seller and something of a social phenomenon.
It also has a joint venture with NEC, Lenovo NEC Holdings, which produces personal computers for the Japanese market.
The main initiators of the construction of a new facility were count Gustav Pongratz and baron Petar Dragutin Turković.
Vulcan's innovative Crescent Market project led to construction of a large quarry and deep water seaport on the Yucatán Peninsula of Mexico, just south of Cancun.
As of the end of 2015, Swisscom had around 21,000 employees and generated revenues of CHF 11,678 billions.
It owns the Shurfine Markets supermarket chain in Pennsylvania.
Until 2005, RCC also operated 850 MHz cellular service under the brand name Cellular 2000.
In June 2013 Otto did a full takeover to become its only shareholder.
The postal service is under the Department of Posts, which is part of the Ministry of Communications and Information Technology of the Government of India.
Handmark is a developer and distributor of mobile content, based in Kansas City, Missouri.
The same year the company name was changed from Bankers Box to Fellowes to reflect an expansion into business machines and computer accessory products.
In 1940 the factory was hastily dismantled and transported to Minsk, where the "Vyacheslav Molotov" Radio Factory was set up.
Windstar Cruises is a cruise ship line that operates a fleet of small luxury cruise ships.
A solution for Nova's failure to pay wages was promised by 19 October in a fax sent to branch schools.
Its current CEO is Dato' Norhisam bin Mohamed @ Mohamed Nor.
Woody's has had a drastic decline in franchised locations in the last 5 years due to the economic recession.
It is also a popular tourism and recreation centre, containing natural and artificial attractions including an amusement park.
Austar's television subscriber base grew to 747,148, making it the largest subscription television operator in regional and rural Australia.
In 1998, Interlink introduced e-Control, a new TCP/IP network management product for the mainframe.
It is associated with another adult film company, Evolution Erotica.
MARC USA operates full-service offices in Chicago, Illinois, Boston, Massachusetts and Pittsburgh.
They have shops in Byres Road in Glasgow and in Victoria Street in Edinburgh and an internet business.
Washburn Guitars is an American manufacturer and importer of guitars, mandolins, and other string instruments.
Originally known for its Fibre Channel storage networks, the company expanded include a wide range of products marketed as third platform technologies.
It operated the former Fairfield Shipyard and took its name from the Govan area in which it was located.
The company went public in 01/31/07 and was traded at the Bovespa's Novo Mercado under the ticker symbol CCIM3 in 2012 the company was delisted.
Sitel is a company of Acticall Sitel Group and collaborates with global brands to help deliver customer experiences.
Agropur Cooperative is a North American dairy industry leader headquartered in Saint-Hubert, Québec, Canada.
Mirkin was joined in 1959 by Julius Lederer who built the company, and made it an international company.
Digicel is a mobile phone network provider operating in 31 markets across the Caribbean, Central America, and Oceania regions.
For the Ogilvy's department store in Montreal, Quebec, see Ogilvy.
In Fall 2006, Metro Inc. began to renovate Food Basics stores.
They participate in the fast food industry, running a franchise of KFC in Saitama.
There is a US$15 activation fee for every radio activated.
It is the largest amusement park company in the world, based on the number of properties owned, and is ranked fifth in terms of attendance.
A remix is a piece of media which has been altered from its original state by adding, removing, and/or changing pieces of the item.
The Deseret Management Corporation is a management and holding company of for-profit businesses owned by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Muji is distinguished by its design minimalism, emphasis on recycling, avoidance of waste in production and packaging, and no-logo or "no-brand" policy.
In 2016, as part of a USD$1.8 billion product deal with LogMeIn, Citrix spun off the GoTo product line into a new business entity, entitled GetGo.
The global after-sales organisation, MAN Diesel PrimeServ, comprises a network of the company’s own service centers, supported by authorized partners.
Center Parcs is a European network of holiday villages that was founded in the Netherlands in 1968.
The competition's audience is students at Swedish universities and high schools, particularly those studying game development and software engineering.
It is a parent company of a television network named Tokyo Broadcasting System Television, Inc. and radio network named TBS Radio & Communications, Inc..
Its active properties currently include Baroque, Dokapon, and the Dept.
Yogi Tea and Yogi are global brands of herbal tea products operating primarily in North America and Europe.
The company has its headquarters in Mumbai.
MicroProse Software Inc. was an American video game publisher and developer founded by "Wild" Bill Stealey and Sid Meier in 1982.
MindSpring Enterprise was a major Internet service provider headquartered in Midtown Atlanta, Georgia.
It is best known for a series of popular guitar effects pedals introduced in the 1970s and 1990s.
NeXT later released much of the NeXTSTEP system as a programming environment standard called OpenStep.
Freesat is a free-to-air digital satellite television joint venture between the BBC and ITV plc, serving the United Kingdom.
The company was founded by Stuart Epperson and Edward G. Atsinger III and, unlike many Christian broadcasters, is a for-profit corporation.
Founded in 1903 shipbuilding ended in 2010 and the company was taken over by the Schaaf Industrie AG, which among others produces components for off-shore systems.
It was purchased by Peregrine Systems on 16 June 2000.
Founded in Manchester, Vermont, in 1856 by Charles F. Orvis to sell fishing tackle, it is the oldest mail-order retailer in the United States.
Uhse remained the chairwoman of the company until her death in 2001.
It was awarded the Koninklijk title in 1995.
Mitsubishi Estate Co., Ltd. is one of the largest real-estate developer in Japan and is involved in property management and architecture research and design.
Only one new design was produced by the British Hovercraft Corporation, the BH.7.
On March 20, 2011, AT&T Mobility announced its intention to acquire T-Mobile USA from Deutsche Telekom for $39 billion.
It is the largest diesel-electric locomotive manufacturer in India.
'M2' refers to the codename which was used when the project to establish Perodua was still top secret.
Lockheed Martin Orincon Corporation is a systems integration and information technology company that supports Lockheed Martin's position in the Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance industry.
The company also operates the Qdoba Mexican Grill chain.
TEPCO's management subsequently made a proposal to its shareholders for the company to be part-nationalized.
Jamesway was a chain of discount department stores based in Secaucus, New Jersey.
Its headquarters is located in Bangkok, Thailand.
Joseph Clayton became president and chief executive officer of the company in June 2011, while Charlie Ergen remained chairman.
Swiss Chalet and Harvey's franchises share many locations.
DLJ,, announced on August 30, 2000 that it was being acquired by Credit Suisse First Boston for $11.5 billion.
The company has offices throughout the world including three in Europe, three in Asia and two in the United States.
Of the four persons in the lobby/cafeteria building at the time of the explosion, three sustained minor injuries.
Aprilia has enjoyed considerable success in road-racing.
PJ Media also operated the online television and video network PJTV, which ceased to exist on May 11, 2016.
Second Cup sales continue to compete with Starbucks, Tim Hortons and McDonald's, which also feature espresso-based specialty drinks.
Pizza Hut has over 15,000 locations worldwide as of 2015, and is a subsidiary of Yum!
Triumph Films is a film studio division of Sony Pictures Entertainment geared towards theatre and direct-to-video film production and distribution.
Mozilla Japan was founded on August 18, 2004.
Waterloo Maple Inc. is a Canadian software company, headquartered in Waterloo, Ontario.
This was followed by the ISDN Vigor204 ISDN terminal adaptor/PBX and Vigor2000, their first router.
iParty's stores were re-branded under the Party City brand.
Founded in 1968, the Café de Coral group opened its first Café de Coral restaurant in the Causeway Bay district of Hong Kong in 1969.
EPoX was a manufacturer of motherboards, video cards and communication products.
Founded by Brewster Kahle in May 1996, the Archive is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit operating in the United States.
Kodak provides packaging, functional printing, graphic communications and professional services for businesses around the world.
Stevens Point Brewery is a regional American brewery located in Stevens Point, Wisconsin.
Hohner Musikinstrumente GmbH & Co. KG is a German company specialising in the manufacture of musical instruments.
Cryptomathic has a tradition of collaborative research with academic institutes.
It was formed in Chicago in 1936 by Louis Skidmore and Nathaniel Owings; in 1939 they were joined by John O. Merrill.
As of 2016 the company employed more than 18,000 workers in over 70 countries.
It uses the OKICA as its contactless card.
CodeWeavers also provides porting and consulting services around Wine and other open-source software projects.
Multiple turbines can be combined with Capstone's APS or Advanced Power Server to create multiple megawatt installations.
These two companies were merged into software company, ERDAS, Inc. ERDAS purchased Acquis, ER Mapper and IONIC in 2007.
Effective 29 September 2013, CNH Global N.V. and Fiat Industrial S.p.A. were merged into CNH Industrial N.V.
Stanley Black & Decker is the result of the merger of Stanley Works and Black & Decker on March 12, 2010.
During the 1970s and 1980s, the Vauxhall and Opel ranges were rationalised into one consistent range across Europe.
It owns a collection of regional radio and television stations.
Today the brand is one of more than twenty watch brands belonging to the Swatch Group, the world's largest watch manufacturer and marketer.
It is headquartered in the 7th arrondissement of Paris, France.
The company has five locations, including four in Torrance: its headquarters, a distribution center and museum, the Russell division, and the exhaust plant.
The Jane's Information Group branding was purchased by Electronic Arts to lend authenticity and accuracy to their growing line of combat games.
They shifted their focus to small-budgeted independent films in the early '80s, beginning with the surprise success of Valley Girl in 1983, directed by Martha Coolidge.
While it is a fast food restaurant, the food is cooked and made to order.
ITN is based in London, with bureaux and offices in Beijing, Brussels, Jerusalem, Johannesburg, New York, Paris, Sydney and Washington DC.
It had six other UK offices in Croydon, York, Birmingham, Crawley, Swanley and Glasgow.
The majority of the stores however follow the Quick Stop format, as Musgrave also offers the SuperValu format, which is geared towards larger supermarkets.
The store was also described as "one of Topanga’s unfortunately best-kept secrets".
Soon after its founding, ZymoGenetics began working on recombinant proteins with Danish company Novo Nordisk, and was acquired by that company in 1988.
Mercury is a New Zealand electricity generation and electricity retailing company.
His experience was chronicled June 30 during SportsCenter's "My Wish" series on ESPN.
Headquartered in Paderborn, Germany, it became the fourth largest computer company in Europe, and a worldwide specialist in banking and point-of-sale systems.
Some of Ralink's 802.11n RT2800 chipsets have been accepted into the Wi-Fi Alliance 802.11n draft 2.0 core technology testbed.
Prior reports suggested the price agreed upon was around $700 million.
Milton S. Hershey established HE&R in 1927 to distinguish and separate his chocolate manufacturing company from his other business ventures.
Geron Corporation is a biotechnology company located in Menlo Park, California that specializes in developing and commercialization of therapeutic products for cancer that inhibit telomerase.
Diamond Shamrock Corp. or Diamond Shamrock Refining and Marketing was an oil refinery and gas station company in the United States, headquartered in San Antonio, Texas.
Henry Weinhard's Private Reserve and Blitz-Weinhard are brands of beer first brewed in 1856 in Portland, Oregon.
The company operates Checkers and Rally's restaurants in 28 states and the District of Columbia.
Cameco Corporation is the world's largest publicly traded uranium company, based in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
