It began in 1987, and has continued to grow in both scope and size every year.
Nan Desu Kan is an annual three-day anime convention held during September at the Sheraton Denver Downtown Hotel in Denver, Colorado.
It is sponsored by the San Diego Speculative Fiction Society a California non-profit corporation.
Attendance for Biketoberfest 2013 was estimated to be c. 100,000 visitors.
Cityscape Global is the world's largest networking exhibition and conference on property development.
The Northwest Pinball and Arcade Show is an annual pinball and arcade game festival held in Tacoma, Washington, United States
They kick off the fair with an awards ceremony, a Daegu collection, an international fashion design contest and a classic costume show.
The name of the convention comes from the Japanese word Kumori, meaning cloudy.
The event was founded in 1987 and ran for 18 years, until it was replaced by the Peacock After Dark event in 2005.
The Binder Twine Festival, or usually Binder Twine, is an annual festival held the first Saturday after Labour Day in Kleinburg, Ontario, Canada.
The three-day event is the largest military air show in the United States, with total annual attendance estimated at 700,000.
It is presented by the Computer Entertainment Supplier's Association and Nikkei Business Publications, Inc.
Spotlight Singapore began as an international showcase for Singapore artists and their works.
Warrior Dash is a 5 km mud run put on by Red Frog Events, an event company based in Chicago, Illinois.
In 1992, individual residents hosted their own house parties with a concentration of people gathering in the backyards of 19, 21, 23 and 25 Palmer Street.
Some festival-goers attend while dressed in period clothing, and everyone is invited to do so.
The festival runs for 11 days, from the last week of June to the first week of July every year.
The theme was the Whiskey Rebellion, an important event in Western Pennsylvania history, with information on the history of ryes and whiskeys.
The Hillside Festival occurs in late July on Guelph Lake Island.
The 2014 meeting was held in Atlanta from May 14 to 17.
A 501(c)(3) non-profit entity, Lunar Solis Corp., has since been created to operate the convention and manage its charity efforts.
The United Kingdom Comic Art Convention was a British comic book convention which was held between 1985 and 1998.
As of November 2012, the show was in its 51st year.
It is held annually for adult fans of LEGO and hobbyists in Seattle, Washington.
BrickCon runs over four days, generally Thursday through Sunday, and is usually held the first weekend in October.
The festival brings in an average of 195,000 visitors during its fall season and had 210,000 for the 2016 season.
The Good Food & Wine Show is Australia's largest consumer exhibition.
Intaglio is the annual international Business school summit hosted by Indian Institute of Management Calcutta.
The Biennial aims to create a meeting point in İstanbul in the field of visual arts between artists from diverse cultures and the audience.
The State Fairgrounds consists of a large open field for carnivals and exhibitions, a horse track, grandstands, and several exhibition buildings.
It was previously held at the Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre and will be held at the same place again in 2015.
Summernats, is an annual car festival held in Canberra, Australia since 1987.
Earlier concerns had prompted the creation of a city ordinance with unusually detailed definitions of body coverage, gaining international attention.
Convergence is the annual net.goth party run by and for members of the alt.gothic and alt.gothic.fashion newsgroup, and other related Usenet newsgroups.
The GITEX Shopper & Consumer Electronics Expo attracts ICT retailers and suppliers such as Gateway Group, 50 Cent, Etisalat, RedHat, and Dell.
The start of the race takes place at the Maloja Palace Hotel with an elevation of 1,820 metres.
ICDSC is the name of the annual conference on Data Science convened by the IEEE organization.
The 2012 show was held from 13 to 14 March 2012, it had been open to all interested in the field.
Waldstock is organised entirely by volunteers, many of them musicians themselves, and the bands who appear give their time totally free of charge.
The idea for “Estamos en la Calle” arose in late 2007, inspired by a much smaller event, where a few rock groups gathered to perform.
The Kentucky Apple Festival is an annual festival held in Paintsville, Kentucky during the first Friday and Saturday in October.
This caught the notice of TOR Books' senior editor David Hartwell, who came to CAN•CON and signed deals with many Canadian science fiction and fantasy writers.
During Wiki Loves Monuments 2012, more than 350,000 photographs of historic monuments were uploaded by more than 15,000 participants.
Peacock in the Park is an annual LGBT variety show, held at Washington Park in Portland, Oregon, in the United States.
They say it is cruel and that it ravages the seal population.
It is held with the aim of preserving and developing Kannada language, its literature, arts, culture and music.
The following year, the bride and groom held a Sunday afternoon cocktail party where guests had been asked to wear their wedding outfits.
From 1988 to 1996, the main event was a Formula 1 single elimination competition, with competitors like Rubens Barrichello, Johnny Herbert, Gabriele Tarquini and Giancarlo Fisichella.
Exotic supercars often steal the spotlight during their debuts at the show.
Championship sculling events race on Saturday afternoon.
Boomslang was primarily volunteer-run, relying on the efforts of WRFL staff members and led by WRFL's student Board of Directors.
The Utah State Fair is held at the Utah State Fairpark in Salt Lake City.
Bernie Mac - 1990 Grand Prize Winner
The Kannada Sahitya Parishat is responsible for holding the gathering.
The event attracted over 12000 Emirati nationals alone in 2011 and an overall of 28000 visitors.
It works to promote Indian movies both commercial and independent.
The first Comiket was held on December 21, 1975, with only about 32 participating circles and an estimated 600 attendees.
The Berlin event starts with three professional days closed to the general public, and then on Friday, Saturday and Sunday the public are allowed in.
São Paulo LGBT Pride Parade is an annual gay pride parade that takes place in Avenida Paulista, in the city of São Paulo, Brazil, since 1997.
The UK Centre for Carnival Arts is a home dedicated to carnival arts, communities, learning and enterprise.
Animaritime is an anime and gaming convention founded by members of the Mount Allison University anime club.
The 2015 edition of EGS will take place in October 2, 3 and 4 at Centro Banamex.
The record for attendance at the Ex is 223,183 paid visitors, set in 2011.
A Fire Conclave and Drum Circle directly precede the main burn.
Komikazen is sponsored by the Mirada Association and organized by Elettra Stamboulis and Gianluca Costantini.
During the weekend after the trade show the public can visit the rolling stock on display.
Organiser and kite designer Martin Lester was inducted into the World Kite Museum hall of fame in 1998.
Firefly is a camping event that celebrates art for art's sake and espouses a gift economy where no vending, sales or barter are permitted.
The previous conference was held on 18–20 May 2016 in Malmö, Sweden.
Classic Fighters is a biennial airshow in Blenheim, New Zealand, held on the Easter weekend of odd-numbered years.
TSR were acquired by Wizards of the Coast in 1997, which was subsequently acquired by Hasbro.
The European Table Tennis Championships is an international table tennis competition for the national teams of the member associations of the European Table Tennis Union.
Some houses are become in Spanish bars decorated with motifs like flags, grimaldas and posters.
"SHOT", besides being a general reference to shooting, is an acronym for "Shooting, Hunting and Outdoor Trade".
The primary sponsor of the festival was HBO, with co-sponsorship by Caesars Palace, TBS, GEICO Insurance, Twix candy bars and Smirnoff Vodka.
The first festival was held in 2001, initiated by Robert Kolar, the former MP for culture.
Bradford Mela is a large scale celebration principally of South Asian culture and was the first such event in Europe.
While Lota lota is known locally as eelpout, eelpout also may refer to a family of marine fishes.
Since then ACU has hosted regional CPACs in Chicago, Denver, St. Louis, and San Diego.
Many attendees wear elaborate costumes and create decorated "mutant vehicles".
The event takes up seven of the building's sixteen floors.
Tathva is an annual techno-management festival, organized by the National Institute of Technology Calicut at Kozhikode, in Kerala, India, in the month of September or October.
The guests of honor were Lester del Rey and Bob Tucker.
The Maryland Renaissance Festival is a Renaissance fair located in Crownsville, Maryland.
Yuricon has a publishing arm, ALC Publishing, which is the only all-yuri publisher in the world.
The event was first televised on NYE 1996–97.
More than 8,000 people attend the eight-day annual event to network and to sell, finance and acquire films.
Some pavilions also incorporate additional services such as henna tattoo application, and some have late night parties.
Until 2016, Alchemy was held at Cherokee Farms, a private campground in La Fayette, Georgia, approximately 100 miles northwest of Atlanta.
Other gaming-related entertainment in 2017 included performances from John Robertson, Paul Flannery and James Cook and a concert.
The premise of the festival is to use the entire island as a stage, although two primary stages are set up.
The Mela is one of the four fairs traditionally recognized as Kumbh Melas.
The twentieth edition held from 28th to the 31st January, witnessed more than 80 events.
Comic Fiesta 2013, which was held on 21–22 December 2013 at Kuala Lumpur Convention Centre was expected to attract approximately 35,000 visitors.
Open Engagement is an international conference and artist project focussing on art and social practice.
ECCB is organized annually in different European cities.
RTX has gained attention for its "celebration of that convergence of gaming and Internet culture."
Toronto Ribfest is an annual ribfest held in Centennial Park in Etobicoke, Toronto, Ontario, Canada during the Canada Day weekend.
There are about 10 competitions per season, held in the months between July and October.
There was also a science track discussing recent developments in various branches of science and exploring the real science behind science fiction technologies.
Being held at Nellis means that the Thunderbirds usually perform at this air show at their home base as their last show of the year.
The event occurs around Easter each year, usually over a period of seven days.
Musical acts vary from local artists to nationally known artists like Carlos Santana, Moby, Kenny Rogers or Robert Plant.
It is the successor to three former conferences: the Conference on Computerized Family History and Genealogy, the Family History Technology Workshop and the FamilySearch Developers Conference.
The programming consists of panels on science fiction and fantasy literature, media, science, fandom, art, comics, music, costuming, etc.
A portion of the profits from the annual SPX festival including raising activities that take place during the convention weekend, go to the CBLDF.
The primary sponsor is the Port of San Diego.
Fastener Taiwan is one of the world's largest professional trade fairs focused on the fastener industry.
The Arizona Exposition and State Fair is a self-supporting state agency, and receives all the monies from the state's General Fund.
The Detroit Black Pride Society and KICK partner to produce Hotter Than July.
DEXCON 19 will be held June 29 - July 3, 2016; and DEXCON 20 is planned to be held July 5–9, 2017.
FunnyFest was also the first comedy festival to be held in Calgary, Alberta.
The rally is usually held on the second weekend of February.
2007: Guy Gavriel Kay, R. A. Salvatore, Jeffrey Carver, Sharyn November, Shaenon Garrity, Jeffrey Rowland
The Australian Film Walk of Fame is a collection of plaques on the footpath outside the Ritz Cinema in the suburb of Randwick, Sydney, Australia.
Over the years, each organization has acquired the right to sell a particular delicacy.
It is one of the biggest technical festivals in South India.
The fair was canceled in 1861 and 1862 due to the American Civil War.
It takes place in the small university city of Grahamstown, in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.
It is a festival to show respect to the departed ancestors and remember their contribution to society.
Fright Night Film Fest launches careers internationally.
It had around 30 guests over the 3-day event.
Starting in 2009 the conference is instead held inside Nyhemshallen.
Due to popular demand, Peacock in the Park returned in 2014.
It runs in conjunction with A Taste of Edmonton and – from 2006 through 2012 – the Edmonton Indy.
The third Fashion Week had a theme of "ecologically friendly fashion"
MidSouthCon is an American science-fiction convention held each March in Memphis, Tennessee, since 1982, evolving from similar events in the late 1970s.
Contrary to most American furry conventions, Eurofurence traditionally took place at youth hostels.
Gamescom is a trade fair for video games held annually at the Koelnmesse in Cologne, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Lake of Stars Festival is an annual three-day international festival held on the shores of Lake Malawi, the third largest lake in Africa.
ILF Samanvay was conceived in 2011 as an annual celebration of writing in Indian languages.
It is the largest event of its kind in the world, as it drew 27,876 players on 7,046 teams in 2011.
The event did not return in 2014.
The lilac flowers are often blooming throughout the area at this time.
Cityscape Abu Dhabi is a real estate event, taking place in Abu Dhabi every year since 2007.
Works juried for the exhibition travel for exhibitions within the U.S. as well as internationally, with exhibitions in Cedar Rapids, Iowa and Riga, Latvia, to date.
The 2013 concert headlined by The Eagles was panned by critics for the poor planning.
In 1979, Bratislava Jazz Days welcomed their first American musician - the trumpeter Lee Harper.
Social alcohol, smoking and even streaking are tolerated.
The 3 October Festival is a festival in Leiden, Netherlands, held annually on that date since 1886.
In 2002 Black Bike week had 375,000 attendees, versus 200,000 for Harley-Davidson Week of the same year.
The festival presents talks, workshops, machines, presentations and films.
Started in 1977 as Starcon Denver, Starfest Denver is one of the longest running fan-produced conventions in the country.
From 2012 to 2014 the even was hosted in Las Vegas, Nevada.
In some of the places in Odisha, ghantapatuas pierce metal nails and tie rope with them to hooks and perform.
A collection of select book fair sessions, dating back to 2006, are available in audio and video format via Miami Dade College at iTunes U.
The competition takes place in July, and takes place over 5 days, where every active day is a competition stage.
The event also has a range of lectures, panel discussions and other presentations covering different aspects of gaming.
It was founded as the Canadian National Comic Book Expo in 1995 by Hobby Star Marketing Inc.
The at-the-door membership price was US$1, the same price charged from the 1st through the 12th Worldcon
The 2014 concert achieved controversy during the planning stages.
Spring 1991 saw the first car show in eastern Germany following the country’s reunification the previous year.
OFF talks are live-streamed and consist of lectures and panel discussions taking place in front of a live audience.
Dak'Art's focus has been on Contemporary African Art since 1996.
On 10 August 2013 they broke a balloon fiesta record after 74 balloons landed in one field near the former Somerdale Factory in Keynsham.
There are also made invitations to international animation film experts, animators and animation filmmakers to exchange their experience with the Armenian participants, beginners and professionals.
It is held in Charlottesville, Virginia at the DoubleTree of Charlottesville.
In 2010, World Maths Day created a Guinness World Record for the Largest Online Maths Competition.
The Fair generates a national economic impact of more than $250 million, roughly the equivalent of hosting a Super Bowl every year.
The Conference included camping outdoors and preaching by Angus Buchan.
Its location means that festival visitors and townspeople rub shoulders with the artists and performers.
These boards, chaired by Sergeant Major of the Army Kenneth O. Preston, evaluate competitor appearance, military bearing and knowledge of critical Army topics.
The tradition of 'dress up Sunday' started in 1990 with a hen party for a Towersey regular.
MineCon is a convention for the video game Minecraft, hosted by Mojang.
It is owned by the Virginia Farm Bureau Federation.
The show is hosted at the Geneva Palexpo, a convention centre located next to the Geneva Cointrin International Airport.
Besides video games, the event also covers Infotainment, Hardware, and Edutainment.
It is run by MileHiCon, Inc., a Colorado not-for-profit corporation, and donates money each year to local literacy programs.
Each year a different village is the organizer.
The online signup for hosted games has been reduced to only the select few staples of FallCon: 12 Man Titan, Formula De, Roborally and Circus Maximus.
These tracks included cosplay, filk, a dealer's room, panels, author readings and signings, Birds of a Feather sessions, and an art show.
New games is being introduce during the exhibition.
Famous fans present included Sam Moskowitz, Wilson Tucker, Dave Kyle, Roger Sims, Terry Carr, and Lee Hoffman.
The mud is considered rich in minerals and used to manufacture cosmetics.
Exxxotica is an annual three-day adult-themed event produced by 3XEvents.
The Pride Winnipeg Festival is organized by Pride Winnipeg, a non-profit, volunteer organization.
Until 2015, Aspen Words was known as the Aspen Writers' Foundation.
AVCon is an anime and video games convention held in Adelaide, South Australia each year.
Other sponsors include British Council, and Fetswallet.
The event, which began as a radio promotion, has grown to encompass television, the Internet, and a contest for women who are termed "the Wingettes."
RecentChangesCamp was an unconference focused on wikis, held from 2006 to 2012.
2001–02, the anniversary 50th edition, Sven Hannawald became the first to win all the four events in the same edition.
No races took place over the period 2011 – 2014, but the race resumed in 2015.
There were representatives from more than 30 countries, as well as members of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation and from 13 regions of the Russian Federation.
LARF is also last renaissance festival of the year-long season and closes the season with a closing gate jam and firework display over the lake.
IDEF, as a high technology defence industry fair, incorporating main defence industry branches and their subordinates, is an essential international marketing arena for defence industry companies.
Several new technologies are typically demonstrated during Drupa.
In 1990 the event became internationalized and the domestic industry showed its capacity for global competition.
Past guests have included actors, authors, artists, scientists, musicians, producers, and even the occasional pooka.
With more than 70 entrants and 130,000 spectators, it is the most well-attended single-day hot air balloon race in the United States.
The fairgrounds serve as a host facility for a number of different tradeshows, events, and entertainment.
The Pima County Fair is a funfair that happens every year.
Detcon1 was the 11th occasional North American Science Fiction Convention.
The festival itself consists of over 150 individual events including free classes, concerts and ceilidhs throughout the week.
The balloons are launched from the forecourt of Canberra's Old Parliament House.
In addition to these events, an exhibit hall with vendors and exhibitors is available to attendees as well as the general public.
FallCon Ambassadors are called upon several times in a year to host boardgame events at other large conventions in Calgary.
The Liberty Political Action Conference was an annual political conference attended by conservative and libertarian activists and elected officials from across the United States.
Carnival of Huanchaco, is a summer festival held each year in Huanchaco, one of the most visited beaches of Trujillo city, in northern Peru.
Salt Lake Comic Con is a biannual multi-genre fan convention held in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States.
It was established in 1998 by Rene McLean, founder and CEO of RPM GRP.
Bob Corby founded the convention as a gathering place for "the comics and the creators with no distractions."
It always starts on 1 May and is funded by the city of Recklinghausen and the labour union Deutscher Gewerkschaftsbund.
It is the world's largest permanent light and sound show according to Guinness World Records.
For years the marathon's start was given in Matu with the finish in Elva.
The show's original name was the Wonderful World of Comics Convention.
September 4, 2015 marks the 7th Annual FRYfest, presented by MidWestOne Bank.
Sunday 13 June - The Rocky Horror Picture Show / Shock Treatment @ Theatre Royal, Winchester
The convention features a large floorspace for exhibitors, including comic book dealers and collectibles merchants.
In particular, the Institute for Historic and Educational Arts maintains a large presence.
The 19th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Seacon, was held September 2–4, 1961, at the Hyatt House Hotel in Seattle, Washington, United States.
Arcanacon is a role-playing convention held in Melbourne annually.
ConCarolinas is a three-day-long science fiction convention held once each year in Charlotte, North Carolina, hosted by ConCarolinas, Inc., a non-profit corporation.
In addition to these, Leyendas traditionally ends with performances by cover bands and/or karaoke, and with a costume contest.
The first event was held in 2003, amid some questioning whether a "beer city" like Pittsburgh could sustain a wine festival.
The official motto of WCG was "Beyond the Game", which is also the title of a documentary about eSports.
Everything is made out of ice and snow at this festival.
The third Midburn event, in 2016, had an attendance of 8,000 participants, making it the 2nd biggest regional event outside the US, after AfrikaBurn.
"My dear boy, you are under a wrong impression.
The convention was chaired by David Grigg.
Firefly is a participatory arts and music gathering in the woods of Vermont."
It is focused on innovation and artistry in interactive media, aiming to create a public perception of games as rich, diverse, artistic, and culturally significant.
HeroesCon focuses primarily on comic books, almost to the exclusion of TV, movies, and video games seen at most other major so-called comic book conventions.
All major Tamil and English publishing houses participate in this fair.
The activities range from movie showings to open swims in the aquatic center, and even an open stage in the University’s coffee shop.
Participants walk 30, 40 or 50 kilometers daily depending on their age and gender, and, on completion, receive a royally approved medal.
Mischief Management, LLC is a company that organizes annual fandom-based conferences, including BroadwayCon, GeekyCon, Con of Thrones, and LeakyCon.
The exhibitors involved in the event exhibit their products inside the purpose built Mahsuri International Exhibition Centre, adjacent to the terminal at Langkawi International Airport.
2008: Orson Scott Card, Lois Lowry, M.T.
The fairgrounds are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Following the convention, Advent:Publishers published The Proceedings: Chicon III, edited by Earl Kemp.
Since 2011, Ultra has taken place across three days during the month of March.
The club also publishes a regular newsletter, Instant Message.
Presently owned by Renaissance Entertainment Productions, it is a commercial reenactment of a 1580s market faire at Port Deptford, a waterfront town in Elizabethan England.
The 50th Festival took place from 19 October to 4 November 2012.
Every PAX also features the Omegathon, a festival long tournament consisting of a group of randomly selected attendees competing for a grand prize.
The outdoor festival celebrates the arts with a wide array of performances, exhibits, demonstrations, and hands-on activities.
There was also a gospel concert that was attended by hundreds of people.
It has been running since 1985  and involves charity and home show exhibits.
In addition, it fosters interaction with both local businesses and organizations, making it truly a Waltham community event.
The date was shifted from November due to 350th Prakash Parv.
The City of Sydney Council is the official presenter of Sydney New Year's Eve.
The convention has been held since 1982 and is one of the oldest and largest independent comic book conventions in the United States.
The festival has aimed at generating dialogue across Indian languages at various levels and has emerged as the only literature festival dedicated exclusively to Indian languages.
The event is adults-only and event organizers have threatened on their blog to call child protective services on any parent who brings kids to the event.
Its first edition was the 1995 Canada Cup.
It includes three separate parades, along with a number of other activities.
This marked the first time since 2005 that the Chinese Blogger Conference had not been held.
Wizard hosts thirteen annual conventions, including in Chicago, Philadelphia, Anaheim, Austin, and New Orleans.
The Adelaide Fringe is the world's second-largest annual arts festival, and the largest in the Southern Hemisphere, held in the South Australian capital of Adelaide.
The first Windycon was held the following year and has been held annually ever since either in Chicago or a Chicago suburb.
E3 was formerly an industry-only event; individuals who wished to attend were required by the ESA to verify a professional connection to the video-game industry.
It is held annually in September to honor Queen Oronsen, a mythical wife of Rerengejen.
The activities, themes and corporate sponsors have changed over the years since the festival began in 1995.
Latest KAEST took place in Modra, Slovakia, from the 15th to 18 November 2012.
Catoctin Colorfest is an annual arts and crafts festival in Thurmont, MD.
Ohayocon's name is derived from the similarity between "Ohio", the convention's location, and Ohayou, which means "good morning" in Japanese.
Submissions for the film portion may be made through Withoutabox.
Oregon Brewers Festival is a five-day craft beer festival held annually since 1988 at the Tom McCall Waterfront Park in downtown Portland, Oregon.
International Children´s and Young Adult Literature is a programme section of the Berlin International Literature Festival, which was founded by Ulrich Schreiber.
All the proceeds from the 2012 Winchester Film Festival were donated to Naomi House.
The 2011 Glastonbury Festival of Contemporary Performing Arts was held from 22–26 June 2011.
The convention is family-friendly, with activities for children.
It features comedies from Canada and all over the world.
NAB Show is an annual trade show produced by the National Association of Broadcasters.
Since season 1996–97, the tournament is part of the Euro Hockey Tour in which the Czech Republic, Finland, Russia and Sweden participate.
Note: LEN also conducts an annual short-course swimming championship, which is a separate and different event.
Although sections of the convention had been run with various theme over the years, at Arcanacon XII the convention itself started running an overall theme.
The event is one of the largest outdoor events in the world with over 1500 exhibitors and attendances of over 200,000.
It includes a hot air balloon competition and recreational exhibitions such as a night glow and fireworks.
This was followed by the usual Sunday evening session in the Barn.
Expozine is an annual small press, zine and comics fair in Montreal, Quebec.
Major events of the convention include the panel discussions, the Guest of Honour presentations, the dealer's room, and the awards ceremony.
LibrePlanet is a community project created and supported by the Free Software Foundation.
There is also a Junior Royale parade for children and a Festival Airshow, including periodic visits from the Blue Angels.
In 2013, Fan Expo Canada's parent company Hobby Star Marketing was acquired by Informa Canada Inc, which now organizes the event.
Other notable acts included The Charlatans, Groove Armada, The Feeling, and Soulwax playing Nite Versions.
The convention committee was chaired by Ken Keller, who had also chaired the "KC in '76" bid.
The 2009 Guest of Honor was Sid Meier, of Civilization and Sid Meier's Pirates fame.
The festival has permanent support from the Ministry of Culture and Church Affairs, the Sami parliament, Troms county and Kåfjord municipality.
The Janusz A. Zajdel Award is awarded during the convention.
They offer the dance to goddesses Sarala, Hingula, Charchika, Bhagabati, Mangala and Chandi as servants.
The wait for a tent reservation is said to be years long.
At first China celebrated it then Harbin took over.
Being invited to talk at the ICM has been called "the equivalent [...] of an induction to a hall of fame."
It is held annually on the third week of September in Ruidoso, New Mexico and has been ongoing since 1986.
The airshow was held annually for 27 years, before its cancellation was announced by Southend-on-Sea Borough Council on 14 January 2013.
Kumoricon is run by a volunteer staff and was previously held in Vancouver, Washington at the Hilton Vancouver Washington/Red Lion Vancouver at the Quay.
Free transportation is provided to and from the festival by Oakville Transit from the Oakville GO station.
As of 2017 the event has not been held since 2013, the 2014 convention being cancelled after its producer was unable to fund it.
The second X-STEM Symposium was held as a stand-alone event on April 14, 2016.
Admission is without charge thanks to community support and donations from attendees.
It is known as "Kumbh" in Hindi; in Sanskrit and some other Indian languages, it is more often known by its original name "Kumbha".
Established in 1913, it is one of the Sooke community's longest-running annual events.
As the festival grew each year, it became necessary to locate a more spacious venue.
This NASFiC was held because Yokohama, Japan, was selected as the location for the 2007 Worldcon.
From 1971 on, it lasted the three days of Memorial Day weekend.
He and Birger de la Pena created the "Michigan Wargaming Club" in 1988 and began having monthly gatherings at the Michigan Union to play games.
LARF was opened in 1999 to become Louisiana's first public annual renaissance festival.
Me-dam-me-phi is celebrated by the Ahom people on 31 January every year in memory of the departed.
"I could see people wanted exciting theatre that didn't have to happen in a theatre," he says.
BotCon is a syllabic abbreviation for "Robot Convention" but also refers to "Autobot" and "Decepticon", the protagonist and antagonist robot factions in the Transformers franchise.
The focal point is the City Hall Square in the city centre.
It has awards for the best films of the year as well as honorary awards.
In 2014, a total of nineteen teams participated, and in 2015 participation increased to twenty-seven teams.
The festival management were criticised for their decision to place Daft Punk in the 10,000 capacity Clash Arena instead of the mainstage.
Spielwarenmesse is the largest international trade fair for toys and games hold annually since 1949.
A dedicated children’s stage featuring Irish dancing, magic shows, scientific experiments, and much more.
The website post cited major ongoing development at Rockford International Airport as the main cause for the cancellations.
The Karachi International Book Fair forms a part of Pakistan Publisher's and Booksellers Association strategy to transform Karachi into a major centre in the publishing world.
In 2016, the celebration started on 12 August and ended on 23 August.
The Texas Renaissance Festival claims to be "the nation’s largest Renaissance theme park."
The regatta is organised by a committee appointed at a public meeting each year called by Dartmouth Town Council.
All household members were punished by death if a Jew was found concealed in their home or on their property.
The convention is organized by the Alaska Association of Asian Cultural Learning.
Dragon Con is a North America multigenre convention, founded in 1987, which takes place annually over the Labor Day weekend in Atlanta, Georgia.
In April of 2016. the traveling museum celebrated the building of a permanent facility known as the National Videogame Museum National Videogame Museum in Frisco, Texas.
The IT Leader Forum is held annually in Moscow, Russia.
Hosted by Aesthetica, the festival is supported by York St John University, the City of York Council, Arts Council England and the British Film Institute.
The Great Allentown Fair is an annual fair and agricultural show that is held at the Allentown Fairgrounds in Allentown, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania.
The founder was Gloria Forouzan of Lawrenceville.
In 2005, Con-Version held a mini-convention, Con-Version 21.5, in conjunction with that year's Westercon, which was also in Calgary.
In 2008, Supanova expanded to include Melbourne and Perth.
It is East Europe's most important event dedicated to fans of comics, animations, video games, as well as TV series and movies.
It is sponsored by LepreCon, Inc., an Arizona non-profit corporation.
The festival has no commercial areas, but is instead focused on exhibitions, workshops, and discussions.
Membership costs $24 per year starting in September, pro-rated for members who join during later months.
This conference was run by Stichting HAL2001, a not-for-profit organization.
The festival will open with Education Thinker, Prof. Aijaz Ahmad discussing the possibility of evolving a methodology for language and literary studies in the country.
It is currently part of the ITTF World Tour.
The main convention is traditionally held over a weekend in mid-November.
The event took place at the Los Angeles Convention Center in Los Angeles, California.
The event is organized and worked by volunteer students, alumni, professors, and personnel, the university collaborate in an institutional level and collaborates in other matters.
Held since 1897, the show continues to grow year-on-year, and attracts over 3,700 competitive entries from around the world in 260 categories.
Ministers from around the world gather to debate future practice in education focused around certain "themes".
It debuted in 1968 and has been a part of Worldloppet as long as Worldloppet has been around.
It is organised by the Union civil aviation ministry.
Augusta Pride is the LGBT pride organization in Augusta, Georgia.
Flashback Weekend Chicago Horror Con celebrates its 15th Anniversary August 4-6, 2017.
It’s a great honor for ReAnimania that Max Howard and Tiziana Loschi, Charlie Sansonetti joined the festival as International Advisory Board members.
COMPUTEX Taipei, or Taipei International Information Technology Show, is a computer expo held annually in Taipei, Taiwan.
The Varsity is a rowing regatta on the Amsterdam–Rhine Canal in Houten, Netherlands each Spring.
The first ShadowCon was held in January 1997 and ShadowCon 22 is scheduled for January 5 and 6, 2018.
In 1996, Con-Version was the Canvention—the Canadian National Science Fiction Convention, at which the Prix Aurora Awards were presented.
The international exhibition of high-tech achievements is also part of Forum.
The festival is under consideration to be bestowed with the Intangible Cultural Heritage status by UNESCO.
The club originally began as an open university course on science fiction with Stephen Rynas, a university junior, as the instructor.
In 2015, the show accommodated 463 exhibitors and 13,938 visitors from 83 countries.
They prepare elaborate costumes, performance routines, and moveable scenery, which take months to complete.
It is the main attraction of India's Republic Day celebrations, which last for 3 days.
Northern Voice 2012 - June 15 and 16, 2012
According to the Jane's Defence Weekly website, IDEX is the largest arms exhibition in the Middle East.
Its typical summer attendance exceeds 100,000 bikers.
The name of the convention comes from the state that the convention is located in, South Dakota.
The Christmas Adventure also contains a Christmas shop and a café.
Diversicon provides programming and social opportunities to encourage the multicultural, multimedia exploration and celebration of SF by those within and outside of the traditional SF community.
A list of well-known writers and musicians at the festival held in 2012 included Tom Stoppard, Richard Dawkins, Simon Sebag Montefiore, David Thompson, and Jason Kouchak
Boomslang: A Celebration of Sound & Art was an annual multi-venue music festival in Lexington, Kentucky, organized by the University of Kentucky's college radio station, WRFL.
Asian Aerospace is an international trade fair for the aerospace business.
The Festival's founding and current artistic director is Francis Coady.
The curated programme brings together over 230 events from all corners of the globe fusing making, design, fashion, art, luxury, food, culture and shopping.
The Bristol International Comic & Small Press Expo, commonly known as Comic Expo or BCE, was an annual comic book convention held in the United Kingdom.
The third Fair featured 20 contests and was held on September 22, 2012 at community festival Barracks Row Fall Festival.
Hollywood Book Festival is an annual book festival in Hollywood, California.
Acharya organises the Acharya Habba, an annual two-day intercollegiate cultural festival that is one of the largest in Bengaluru and Karnataka.
Many retailers in Downtown Pittsburgh remain open late, and street vendors and other concessionaires sell food and give away hot beverages, treats and promotional items.
has prevailed festival, fierce competition and fruitful discussions in the various galleries in the city.
Each year a different town organizes the event.
The 2009 edition took place in Flanders Expo for the first time and has been expending there ever since.
Held in Cape Town, South Africa Infecting the City is a public arts festival that is committed to making art freely available to everyone.
The festival is located in the northeastern corner of the German state of Bavaria, in the small town of Hof.
On March 23, 2016, North Carolina passed House Bill 2 as a remedy to Charlotte Ordinance 7056.
Half a million people congregate on the shores of San Diego Bay to watch the show.
Since 2007, the conference has been held jointly with Intelligent Systems for Molecular Biology every second year.
Located in Villa Martelli, in the Vicente Lopez division, Tecnopolis was inaugurated on July 14, 2011, by President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner.
Billed as a "Celebration of Sexy", Exxxotica Expo shows are held yearly in Edison, New Jersey, Chicago, and Dallas.
In 1995 it moved to Wellington, repeatedly changing venues to deal with growth until finally finding a stable venue at Wellington High School in 2003.
It was founded by Stu Hughes in 2001 and has since grown to become Western Canada's largest comedy festival.
In 1989 it dropped the word "Celebration" and became simply "Toronto Trek".
The first of these was Animation Asia Conference, held in 2009.
If a selected player is injured and cannot participate, the NBA commissioner selects a replacement.
The workshops organized are very interesting and include classes on Mocktail Making, Siporex Art, Graffiti Making, Hip-Hop Dancing and other such creative arts.
It started in the year 1964 in New Delhi, and was brought to Kolkata in the year 1968 as The Statesman Vintage Car Rally.
It was first held in 1990 with an attendance of 270,000 people.
The first SHOT Show was held in St. Louis, Missouri, in 1979.
Most of the Gatecon conventions have been held in Vancouver, Canada.
Vijyoshi is an annual national science camp in India organised by KVPY in coolaboration with INSPIRE programme, IISc Bangalore and IISER-Kolkata.
The airshow features a large number of planes, including the Red Arrows and the Eurofighter Typhoon.
Elite Model Look is a yearly fashion modeling event held by Elite Model Management, an international model management group.
Ghats In Kurnool District: Patala Ganga Ghat, Sangameswaram River Ghat
In 2011, ACU took CPAC on the road with its first Regional CPAC in Orlando, Florida.
The event is staged annually in Kiev and in one of the main industries of Ukraine.
Site selection is by vote of the membership of a given DSC, for the convention to be held 2 years in the future.
According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 1,870 people died across Syria during the nine days of the conference.
Hence the U.S. Census and the OMB are using the terms differently.
The festival, Kentucky's largest single annual event, first ran from 1935 to 1937, and restarted in 1956 and includes:
Elsie Wollheim had also been chosen as a special Guest of Honor, but died before the convention.
The Dubai Airshow is a biennial show held in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
The parade attracts many celebrities, both Puerto Rican and of Puerto Rican heritage, and many politicians from the Tri-State area.
The biennial USA Science & Engineering Festival is a free science festival held in Washington, D.C..
It is both the largest and one of the most prestigious shows of its kind.
It was founded in 2007, amid growth in whiskey's popularity.
The Stockton International Riverside Festival is an annual outdoor arts festival in Stockton-on-Tees, England.
Lakefair has taken place for over fifty years.
Except where indicated otherwise, all information is taken from the "History of Capricon" page at Capricon's web site.
Established in 1909, it claims to be world's oldest air show, and it is among the largest and most important aerospace trade fairs today.
Interpretations of 19th century death and mourning customs with our historically accurate hearse.
Volunteering was available at RockNess through 'Festival Volunteer'.
The Museum worked with a committee composed of several members of the steampunk community and many local business professionals to make the festival possible.
Tha track record of 1:16:10h was set by Hervé Balland in 1994.
The languages that will be explored in detail at ILF Samanvay 2015 are Tamil, Bangla, Marathi and Dogri.
It first started in 2004 and includes performances from around the world.
Dota 2 has a widespread and active competitive scene, with teams from across the world playing professionally in various leagues and tournaments.
the Kentucky Derby Festival Marathon & miniMarathon.
Anyone with original comedy material can apply to compete.
Moreover, the Louisville government publicly announced that this film festival is the country's largest genre-specific film festival.
In August 2016, it held its first event in Montreal, Quebec.
According to the official website, it is "a celebration of the spirit of radical self-expression, community, and participation".
The 2012 Festival was due to take place over the August Bank Holiday weekend but was cancelled and the festival has not taken place since then.
They work as temple servants in the goddesses' temples  and perform in Jhama nata during Pana Sankranti, celebrated mainly in Odisha.
The Exploits Valley Salmon Festival is an annual festival held in Grand Falls-Windsor of the Exploits Valley, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada that dates back to 1985.
In the last edition of this anniversary week took place the Trujillo Book Festival held in the traditional Plazuela El Recreo.
Since 2011 it has become a four-day-long event.
It has been called "The Biggest Picnic of Summer".
The convention had 7485 members, of whom 6008 actually attended the convention.
Since theatre troupes from other countries are performing in their own languages, tourists are also encouraged to come and watch performances.
Middle distance – previously called short distance
Here at Samanvay, we invite you to partake in the discussions that would take this conversation one step forward.”
Comedy Opera, Dirk and Guido: The Swordsmen!
Durham Regatta is a rowing regatta held annually on the second weekend in June on the River Wear in Durham, North East of England.
This tradition that dates back two centuries, livens up the small town of Jamugurihat.
Each troupe is represented by a queen that creates a spectacular costume.
Spread over 3 days and 4 nights, Alcheringa is conducted towards the end of January every year.
Sci-Fi on the Rock is an annual science fiction, fantasy and horror festival held in St. John's, Newfoundland, Canada.
Gamers' Day started in Saudi Arabia in 2008, every year its experience high number of visitors and exhibitors.
In recent years, the event has diversified to include small scale air displays, attracting the likes of The Blades, Typhoon display team and the Red Arrows.
It has also provided a platform for non-profit and political groups and various visual artists.
The Centre runs carnival-inspired courses, workshops, seminars, outreach, exhibitions showcases, galas and events.
Formerly accompanied by thullal, this aspect of the festival has in more recent years been suppressed by ecclesiastical order.
Tawdheef career fair is a recruitment exhibition held every year at Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre.
The charity aims to strengthen the local community through musical events.
Anime Punch is a Columbus, Ohio-based organization that hosts a number of events for fans of Japanese animation in the Central Ohio area.
Firefly is a regional event inspired by the annual Burning Man festival in Nevada.
In 2009, IndieCade launched a conference track featuring classes, panels, workshops, and keynotes.
Their website claims 13,500 attendees in 2012 and 80,000 online followers.
The convention was first held in 1997 in New York State, and draws over 7,000 attendees annually.
This depends on if the FIS World Cup starts by late October, or mid-late November.
It is the oldest and one of the largest state fairs in the United States, with nearly one million visitors annually.
FlightSimCon 2016 saw over 520 people attend the event.
The West Coast Computer Faire was an annual computer industry conference and exposition most often associated with San Francisco, its first and most frequent venue.
Each year, BBC Radio 3 broadcasts a number of concerts from the festival.
In 2008 the convention was a two-day event.
Zenkaikon's name is a combination of Zentrancon and Kosaikon, created when they merged in 2006.
In 2011, The town signed a deal with concert promoters RFO.
It is billed as "the largest two-day event in Wisconsin," with an attendance of almost 1,000,000 people in 2012.
The distance is 3,000 m, first 2,000 m in Vanån then 1,000 m in Västerdal River.
The annual event is free to the public and attracts over half a million visitors.
The fair has taken place every year since 1886 except for varying periods during World War I and World War II.
RootsTech is a family history and technology conference and trade show held annually in the Salt Palace Convention Center, Salt Lake City, Utah.
Flashback Weekend is a horror convention held annually in Rosemont, Illinois.
A team event was scheduled for those championships, but it was canceled because of weather conditions.
Pushkaram has been an age old practice in southern states Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Telangana.
The show is owned and organized by UBM Advanstar.
It is geared more toward adults, with the average attendee age being between 35 and 55.
I/O was inaugurated in 2008, and is organized by the executive team.
The fair has a religious significance to Hindus, but it has also attracted people from other faiths.
Seafair has been an annual event in Seattle since 1950 but its roots can be traced to the 1911 Seattle Golden Potlatch Celebrations.
Attendees can participate in hands-on labs with Apple engineers, and in-depth sessions covering a wide variety of topics.
The top 25 winners are interviewed for television broadcast and have their documentaries aired on C-SPAN.
The festival was founded in 2007 by Chris Maher with Paul Slattery and Redmond O Hanlon.
The duration of Paryushana is for eight days for Śvētāmbara Jains and ten days for Jains belonging to the Digambara sect.
The Fest for Beatles Fans is a twice-annual, three-day festival that honors the lasting legacy of the Beatles.
The most recent convention, Dimension Jump XIX, was held at the Nottingham Crowne Plaza Hotel from 7–9 April 2017.
It is the longest-running science fiction and fantasy convention in Utah, and one of the largest and longest-running academic science fiction conferences.
Grand Kerala Shopping Festival is an annual shopping event in Kerala.
The festival offers a variety of attractions.
The Tauranga City Airshow is a biennial show held in Tauranga, New Zealand.
The first Pittsburgh Fashion Week was held in 2010, with events held in Heinz History Center and the Omni William Penn Hotel.
The Transjurassienne is an annual cross-country ski race held on the second Weekend of February between Lamoura and Mouthe in the French Jura mountains.
The Lucknow Literature Festival /Lucknow Literary Festival is an international literary festival held annually in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India since 2013.
The event is held annually, generally in Trujillo city.
It was originally based in Minnesota until moving before the 2007 convention.
An important moment was the launch of the campaign Sustainable Fish that aims at improving the position of sustainable fish in restaurants.
The 2015 Gympie Muster attracted a crowd of over 23,000.
The convention also has a strong focus on giving money to charity, in a similar vein to many Irish conventions.
It is a 3-day event that celebrates creativity in all its forms.
Aircraft from Canada and the United States, as well as other countries, perform over Lake Ontario for three days in September.
OUToberfest is a gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transsexual festival held annually during October in Jackson, Mississippi.
The exposition was started in 1999 under the name Jump Festa 2000.
Saarang is the annual social and cultural festival of IIT Madras.
Located in a former airplane hangar, the covered terrace nightclub holds 1,500 partiers.
It is in Hampshire, located approximately 85 kilometres southwest of London, and was established in September 1975.
Rose City Comic Con is an annual comic book and pop culture convention that takes place in Portland, Oregon each September.
2009: Kim Stanley Robinson, Elizabeth Bear, Paul Di Filippo, Allen Steele, Robert V.S.
The programme, organised by UNESCO and the Arab League, is designed to promote Arab culture and encourage cooperation in the Arab world.
the rest of the lineup consisting of local bands.
The guests of honor were A. E. Van Vogt and E. Mayne Hull.
The Edmonton International Fringe Festival is an annual arts festival held every August in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
It takes place in Cologne - Germany biennially.
The themes of radical self-expression and radical self-reliance are also borrowed from Burning Man.
At EDEX Expo, service providers from various related sectors showcase opportunities in a mutually interacting environment of visitors and exhibitors.
Initially, the track stretched from Hämeenlinna to Lahti.
Gatecon 2006 was the first event held in the United Kingdom.
The first Wiki Loves Monuments competition was held in 2010 in the Netherlands as pilot project.
It is organised by Swedish Football Association and televised by TV4.
Palmer Street is a major student neighborhood of Ohio University.
Every year about 125,000 people attend, making it one of the largest festivals of its kind on the east coast of the United States.
The event draws visitors from all over the country.
These four fairs are held periodically at one of the following places by rotation: Haridwar, Allahabad, Nashik district, and Ujjain.
The main distance is 50 km free style, in one or two laps.
Thousands more stay in their own recreational vehicles, parked on the grounds.
The Autobacs M-1 Grand Prix, was an annual Manzai competition planned by Shinsuke Shimada and run by Yoshimoto Kogyo.
The festival was Daft Punks first Scottish show in over 10 years which made the set a "must see" for many of the 35,000 festival goers.
First held in Selsey, the event moved to Bognor Regis in 1978.
2010's event, dubbed SANCOM10, was a two-day event conducted at West Point, New York.
The Louisiana Renaissance Festival is a renaissance fair near Hammond, Louisiana.
Other characters portrayed include the "Swagmen", temperance ladies, the undertaker, and the barber.
The Dominion Exhibition was an exhibition held annually in Canada from 1879 to 1913.
The Big Live Comedy Show began the event, was hosted by Kyle Mooney, and was opened by Sarah Silverman and Seth Rogen.
It is one of the largest book prizes in the UK.
In 2017, the State Fair will be held from August 10-20, and an admission fee will be charged.
Traditionally it took place on the Spring Bank Holiday Monday every year, but since 2013 it has been on the Sunday of the bank holiday weekend.
The first Wiki Conference India conference was held in November 2011, in Mumbai, the capital of the Indian state of Maharashtra.
The Winnipeg International Children's Festival, also known as Kidsfest, is a children's festival held annually at The Forks National Historic Park.
Venders carry a range of merchandise including books, games and gaming supplies, costume clothing, jewelry, artwork, and various items of SCA and fandom interest.
The charity event "Draw the World Together" was an annual part of the show.
The model was put to a referendum in November 1999 and rejected by the Australian electorate.
All of the 20,000 tickets were sold at price of £32.50.
Marriage equality was a dominant theme in the 2011 Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras Parade with at least 15 floats lobbying for same-sex marriage.
HSF is a recognized Actors' Equity Association theatre.
The event is known as an outgrowth of the counter-culture movement, and for using environmentally-friendly practices during the fair.
In 2009 the Raindance Film Festival had approximately 6069 attendees, followed by 4694 in 2010.
The Carolina Renaissance Festival is a Renaissance fair held annually on Saturdays and Sundays in October and November.
Over time the Festival has had various financial supporters, three primary locations and one name change.
The conference is positioned as the annual national flagship event for Wikimedia in India and is open to participation from citizens of all nations.
Dapper Day is not private but does require park admission.
The Northwest Pinball and Arcade Show draws between 3,000 collectors and fans each June to the Seattle area.
It featured sixteen separate stages, each sponsored by a national retail brand and a media sponsor compatible to the stage's format, e.g.
The outdoor music festival features the hottest headliners of today’s country music.
The Annual NASA Convention is the annual get together of National Association of Students of Architecture.
Roanoke is the largest municipality in Southwest Virginia, and is the principal municipality of the Roanoke Metropolitan Statistical Area, which had a 2010 population of 308,707.
The proceedings of the conference are currently published by the journal Bioinformatics.
Thomso now celebrates its 34th year, with this year’s theme being "Song of the Wildflower".
It was started in 1929 by the local Lions Club, after several attempts by locals in the previous 20 years to promote the local strawberry crop.
From 1965 on, it happened every year.
The larger of Oklahoma's two state fairs, in 2015, it attracted about 1,200,000 visitors compared to the Oklahoma State Fair's 900,000 - a difference of 22%.
Admission to the basic festival is included with park admission, but guests must purchase the food and drink separately.
Origins Game Fair is an annual gaming convention that was first held in 1975.
MangaNEXT is an inactive fan convention focused exclusively on Japanese manga that occurred every other year in New Jersey.
It occurs in June–July every year in Husbondliden in Lycksele Municipality, Sweden.
A recycling program, carbon offset credits and a partnership with the Texas Campaign for the Environment are implemented to help this festival become a greener experience.
Rules normally vary per year regarding age limitations, genre, or in the case of group cosplay, the number of members involved.
The Niigata Comic Market, commonly known as Gataket, is a bimonthly dōjinshi comic book convention held in Niigata city in Japan.
The founder and chair is Constance Steinkuehler.
The Japan Festival is located in Hermann Park, typically adjacent to the Japanese Garden near downtown Houston.
The Lapland Week is a major annual conference by the Swedish Pentecostal Movement.
The Italian stage Jumping Verona is held inside the Exhibition Centre during the event.
74 restaurants in Bangalore participated in the event in 2010
It was founded as the Canadian National Comic Book Expo in 1995 by Hobby Star Marketing Inc.
First Nations artwork and traditional crafts are also displayed.
Its location changes every year but every decade it returns to its founding city of Kansas City, Missouri.
Included were also alpine skiing between 1950–1953 and biathlon in 1984.
The first Festival took place in Stockholm, Sweden, in December 2008, based on the Eurobest Awards, which were launched in 1988.
It features exhibitions by numerous purveyors of luxury aircraft, automobile, banking, boat, footwear, handbag, jewellery, real estate and wine products.
Its European counterpart is the Musik Messe in Frankfurt.
On Day 3, a translation workshop has been planned with exercises that would lead to a publication.
The Game Developers Conference is the largest annual gathering of professional video game developers, focusing on learning, inspiration, and networking.
NRF represents an industry that contains over 1.6 million U.S. retail establishments with more than 24 million employees and sales of $4.4 trillion.
It is recognized as one of the main Japanese cultural events in the city.
It debuted in 1980 and has been a part of Worldloppet since 1981.
The purpose of the conference is to discuss global education, research collaboration and cultural exchanges between the U.S. and Chinese institutions.
Set in the fictional village of "Fairhaven," it is one of the largest Renaissance festivals in the country.
This Pushkaram is observed for a period of 12 days from the time of entry of Jupiter into Vrushabha Rasi.
The largest of them is known as The International, which is produced annually by Valve and held at the KeyArena in Seattle.
CeBIT is a German language acronym for Centrum für Büroautomation, Informationstechnologie und Telekommunikation, which translates as "Center for Office Automation, Information Technology and Telecommunication".
It has been hosted at the Quintal Park since its debut in 1998.
World Naked Gardening Day is an annual international event celebrated on the first Saturday of May by gardeners and non-gardeners alike.
The presentation of the National Comics Awards was a regular feature of Comic Festival from 1999–2003.
Under the cross is the text "Est.
The reputation of the ACL television show helped contribute to the success of the first festival.
Since 2010 the festival has also included workshops in scriptwriting, directing, cinematography, editing and animation, led by renown artists and pedagogues from foreign film schools.
Computer Industry and commonly held in December.
In 1993 they formed the Melbourne Underground Development crew with Phil Woodman.
Nintendo released 2014's NES Remix 2, featuring the reminiscent Nintendo World Championships Remix, which uses emulation and online leaderboards to incite informal public competitiveness.
From its inception through 1997 and its revival in 2003, the festival toured North America.
The readings occur at the Zalk Theater on the campus of Ojai's Besant Hill School.
The International Defence Exhibition and Seminar, more commonly referred to as IDEAS, is a defence sector event, held biennially, in Pakistan.
Saturday 6 April - The Third Man @ The Chesil Tunnel, Winchester
before women's competitions were introduced in 1917.
The sessions are broadcast worldwide in over 90 languages, primarily through local and international media outlets, and over the Internet.
The main Super Art Fight style involves individual artists facing off in front of a live audience.
Al-Quds is the Arabic name for Jerusalem, the proclaimed capital of the State of Palestine, although the seat of government and de facto capital is Ramallah.
The Kochi-Muziris Biennale is an international exhibition of contemporary art held in Kochi, Kerala.
Intervention is a yearly Internet Culture convention held in September in Rockville Maryland at the Hilton Rockville/Washington D.C. hotel.
FedCon is the biggest Star Trek convention in Europe.
FlightSimCon 2017 is scheduled for June 10-11, 2017.
The organizers of the Ottawa Comiccon primarily come from the Montreal Comiccon organization.
On August 19, 1975, Penn & Teller did their first show together at the Minnesota Renaissance Festival.
The program is open to university students aged 18 or over.
The three co-chairmen of that Worldcon each represented their city's fandom; they were Ben Jason of Cleveland, Howard DeVore of Detroit, and Lou Tabakow of Cincinnati.
The Ex was started in 1952 at the Osborne Stadium complex near the Manitoba Legislative Building.
The 7th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Cinvention, was held September 3–5.
IDEX for the past several show have been held in the United Arab Emirates at Abu Dhabi and will again host in 2015.
It is the largest auto show in North America.
Running over Christmas they satirised events of the previous year whilst including folklore and customs of each month.
Magnum Opus Con petered out by the early 2000s due to bad feelings and competition from the much larger and more popular Atlanta-based Dragon Con.
SpoCon is a non-profit organization that supports literacy and the public schools through annual events and donations.
But from the season 2002/03 on, summer events counts in separated men's summer rankings.
Participants take pictures of local historical monuments and heritage sites in their region, and upload them to Wikimedia Commons.
The show's tagline is "Where Content Comes to Life".
The organising committee was co-chaired by Charles Crayne and Bruce Pelz.
The recipients of the ISCB Overton Prize and ISCB Accomplishment by a Senior Scientist Award are invited to give keynote talks as part of the programme.
One of the major highlights of the annual festival is the artistic display by Masquerades, dancers and fire eaters.
Toronto ComiCon is an annual comic book and pop culture convention held in Toronto, Ontario, Canada at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre since 2001.
The Canadian Ski Marathon is a ski tour.
Animecon II was the first major cosplay event in Finland,  and the practice has been noted for its abundance in later ones.
It is held each year in Mexico City, since 2002, usually during early October.
The Salmon Arm Roots and Blues Festival is a three-day music festival that occurs every third weekend in August.
It is an annual contest tours the country each June and July in pursuit of the top two spellers from 12 cities nationwide.
It usually occurred on the July 4th holiday weekend.
One of the 12 rivers is the river Tapti.
The Swedish Open, also known as the Swedish Open Championships, is an annual table tennis tournament in Sweden, run by the International Table Tennis Federation.
Around 300 crews of women compete for over a dozen trophies and pennants.
An annual parade and antique car show are also held in conjunction with the festival.
Sunday 13 June - Savages @ Avington Park, Winchester
Musicians include Billy Bragg, now an annual fixture, Dick Gaughan, David Rovics and Graham Moore.
The Paskuhan is the culmination of the university wide Christmas activities of the University of Santo Tomas in Manila, Philippines.
The event was established in the city by Jay Calderin in 1995.
The Oregon Shakespeare Festival is a regional repertory theatre in Ashland, Oregon, United States.
It was the first Worldcon to present the Hugo Awards.
Kempenfest runs two stages at the event.
KansasFest is an annual event for Apple II computer enthusiasts.
While the programming is typical of a steampunk festival, including art exhibitions, panel discussions on a variety of topics, Steampunk music, crafts workshops, vendors, and performances.
The convention is supported by the New Zealand Live Action Role Playing Society, and has run annually since 2008.
The first women's C1 team event took place at the 2011 world championships, but no medals were awarded.
A large craft market and open-air performances also form part of the event, drawing crowds of more than 150,000 people every year.
Animecon and Finncon have been held in conjunction, sharing premises but no events; they even often held separate opening ceremonies.
Pushkaram is the Hindu festival about the 12 auspicious rivers in India.
This atypical concours d’elegance was established to create a competitive event for motorcycles that previously, only had been associated with fine automobiles.
Total attendance was approximately 190; noteworthy attendees included Forrest J. Ackerman, Hannes Bok, Lester del Rey.
Wai-Con was created by and is run by the non-profit incorporation Perth Anime Convention.
The 2016 Festival recorded over 350,000 tickets sold, valued at $9.3 million and attendance at free and ticketed events was almost one million.
The designers continue the tradition of repeatedly raising the bar on previous years, to develop beautiful, imaginative and thought provoking designs.
The Boryeong Mud Festival is an annual festival which takes place during the summer in Boryeong, a town around 200 km south of Seoul, South Korea.
Polarjazz or The Polar Jazz Festival is the northernmost jazz festival in the world, and is arranged every year in February.
The Vesta Veterans International Eights Head of the River Race is a rowing race held annually on the River Thames over the Championship Course.
Aardklop was an annual South African arts festival held from 1998 to 2015 in the town of Potchefstroom in the North-West province of South Africa.
CIFIT is currently China's only international investment promotion event aimed at facilitating bilateral investment.
In 2016, it will take place from 29 January until 8 February.
It is a not-for-profit cultural festival including workshops, talks and other events, and is organised by a small committee of volunteers.
Y4iT has inspired thousands of students and educators alike from across the country, encouraging awareness and networking with like-minded IT professionals.
It has been held in even years in Zhuhai, Guangdong since 1996.
The Gympie Music Muster is an Australian music festival held in the Amamoor Creek State Forest near Gympie, Queensland.
The show is held annually at the Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wisconsin, United States.
Jump Festa is an annual party or exposition in Japan, all about anime and manga, sponsored by Shueisha, creators of the various Jump anthologies.
The Clark County Fair is an annual ten-day event held at the Clark County Event Center at the Fairgrounds in Ridgefield, Washington.
Nušićijada is an annual comedy festival held in the town of Ivanjica, in the Moravica region of western Serbia.
Established in 1968 as a wargames convention by Gary Gygax, who later co-created Dungeons & Dragons, Gen Con was first held in Lake Geneva, Wisconsin.
The Great State of Maine Air Show is an airshow held in August at Brunswick Executive Airport in Brunswick, Maine.
These included media companies such as movie studios and TV networks, as well as anime, toy, and manga dealers with many top collectibles merchants as well.
The tournament was open only to teams of the Idrottsföreningen Kamraterna association, but was still an important tournament in the early years of Swedish football.
The festival is unique with different genres of theatre melting in the same pot.
In 1986 SFeraKon hosted a Eurocon, the European Science fiction convention, with Sam Lundwall as a guest of honour.
The principal focus of the conference is on the development and application of advanced computational methods for biological problems.
There are also many events prior to the big weekend, such as the Friendship Night Gala, that bring out the Portuguese community.
Bound together by a unique, poignant theme, each year's series typically features 6-7 events, including a Presidential Lecture and the newly launched Anne Smedinghoff Memorial Lecture.
Carlson Hockey Games, previously Kajotbet Hockey Games and Česká Pojišťovna Cup, is an annual ice hockey event held in Czech Republic.
The festival producer, David Caffery, told media that in producing Art Not Apart, he is consciously trying not to copy other events.
Since it began, the Anywhere Festival has grown in size and popularity as it inhabited the nooks and crannies of this city of ours 
The airshow is sponsored by the Experimental Aircraft Association, an international organization based in Oshkosh, and is the largest of its kind in the world.
A portmanteau of the phrase "Glamour Convention", it was founded by entrepreneur Robert Schulz.
Markham Fair is one of Canada's oldest country fairs, an annual event established in 1844 and hosted by the Markham, Ontario and East York agricultural society.
After 1908 the trophy was revived on seven occasions in the twentieth century to raise funds for grassroots football causes in matches played between London-based sides.
The festival features costumes from the 19th century, street theatre involving the character of Moondyne Joe, street stalls, and displays of art and antiques.
According to the Chartered Quality Institute, the responsibility of the quality professional can be defined through five main areas – governance, assurance, improvement, leadership and context.
The 2012 top award went to the film Coming Forth by Day by Hala Lotfi.
These themes are focused on a certain scripture from the bible.
The pop-up collaborations in form of events, are made possible through joint ventures adding value to the field of art and humanities.
The festival falls on the first day of the month of Karkkidakam, which coincides with the month of July.
It is generally the last event at which the two U.S. presidential candidates share a stage before the election.
Midwestcon is an informal type of convention known as a "relaxacon," which means that it has no programming.
The ECBACC is a 501(3) non-profit community-based organization focused on education, literacy and the arts.
Bisected by the Roanoke River, Roanoke is the commercial and cultural hub of much of Southwest Virginia and portions of Southern West Virginia.
Exhibitors demonstrate a variety of solutions for strengthening competitiveness while reducing the use of energy, water and food in production.
Vulkon Entertainment organized five to ten conventions each year in many cities across America, as well as science fiction-themed cruises.
Thunder Over Louisville, the annual kickoff event of the Kentucky Derby Festival, is an airshow and fireworks display in Louisville, Kentucky.
Over 800 performers take part in more than 200 shows at the festival each year.
The 19th edition in 2015 had 197.450 visitors and the 20th edition in 2016 counted in at 220.000 visitors.
Known as "Pacificon I", it was the first time the annual event had been held since 1941, due to the Second World War.
Since the 1980s it has included a rock section and since 2001 a hip-hop section.
BronyCon was previously styled as BroNYCon, as its first three conventions were held in New York City.
The convention is no longer being run.
The day was designed to increase worldwide awareness of the important contribution that quality makes towards both organisational and national growth, and prosperity.
The Salon is organised by the Organisation Internationale des Constructeurs d'Automobiles, and is considered an important major international auto show.
Olavsfestdagene is a church and cultural festival held in Trondheim around Olsok every year.
Comicpalooza is the largest annual, multi-genre, comic book, science fiction, anime, gaming, and pop culture convention in Southern United States and is held in Houston, Texas.
It is currently presented every November by the Baja Arizona Science Fiction Association, a 501(c)(4) not-for-profit corporation.
It is one of the region's "marquee annual concerts."
Ghantapatuas are traditional male folk artistes from the Indian state of Odisha.
The two runners up receive contracts of $150,000 and $100,000 respectively.
Geekmoot 2015 had a dozen or more Ambassadors volunteer their time to run the boardgame room.
In recent years it has attracted between 700,000 and 800,000 visitors each year.
This mixture of people, professions, skills and experience is a valuable component of the events' success.
The first one was held in Santa Monica, California in 1970.
Thursday 10 June - Matt Berry Retrospective [plus Q&A with Matt Berry] @ The Vault, The University of Winchester, Winchester
The focus was to have fans bring their creations, often referred to as MOCs, to display and share with fellow enthusiasts.
This allows the best couples to skip the hardest elimination rounds at the next year Russian Federation Championship based on results of the previous year.
Lexington had previously been home to other gaming conventions, most notably Forge, however none had lasted.
The festival site in Mackin Park is dominated by the main stage tent where most of Canadian folk, Celtic and world music artists perform.
AfrikaBurn is an official Burning Man regional event, held annually in the Tankwa Karoo National Park in South Africa since 2007.
In 2011, The Contemporary Museum, Honolulu became part of the Honolulu Museum of Art, with the latter institution continuing the biennial.
TCF Bank joined as the title sponsor and the Milwaukee Air & Water Show staged its first event at Veterans Park in 2004.
Tungabhadra Pushkaram is a festival of River Tungabhadra normally occurs once in 12 years.
The New Music Seminar is a Music Conference and Festival held annually each June in New York City.
Although the event did not have a long history, it and its prizes were recognized in the industry.
The care and training of Paso horses in this place is a very old tradition.
A portion of MOBICON's proceeds benefit a charity that is chosen each year by its Board of Directors.
The Festival is currently celebrating its 85th year - "Rooted in Tradition."
The event is run and staffed by volunteers, most of whom come every year to both support and enjoy the festival.
Ensembles including Peärls Before Swïne Experience, Kroumata, Stockholm Saxophone Quartet and Sonanza have been featured as well as composers ranging from Annie Gosfield to Trevor Wishart.
The London Motor Show returned in May 2016 at Battersea Park, with Prince Michael of Kent as its patron.
The festival is arranged by some of Sweden's most prominent institutions for contemporary music including Samtida Musik, Kroumata, Fylkingen, SEKT and Stockholm Saxophone Quartet.
Many regular attendees of DeepSouthCon are also members of the Southern Fandom Confederation, but there is no direct relationship between the two organizations.
The festival began as a one-day Renaissance Fayre, held during the spring semester in an attempt to recreate the Renaissance era.
Aspen Summer Words is a festival of words, stories and ideas held each June in Aspen, Colorado.
The 2015 Wickham Festival was named Best Festival at the Live UK Music Business Awards.
It has been held since 2007 and was appointed as a Worldloppet event in June 2012.
Providing a forum for addressing pressing international concerns since 1961, NAFAC seeks to explore current, demanding issues from both a civilian and military perspective.
RealmsCon is an annual three-day multi-genre convention held during October at the American Bank Center in Corpus Christi, Texas.
It is estimated that the 2010 Dayton Air Show attracted nearly 80,000 people and had a $5 million impact on the Dayton region's local economy.
It is organised every year in Nijmegen, Netherlands in mid-July as a means of promoting sport and exercise.
Notable local guests have included Brandon Sanderson, L.E.
The Dolomitenlauf is a cross-country skiing marathon in Austria.
It is the first of its kind to run in New Zealand.
Ikasucon is an annual three-day anime convention held during July at the Grand Wayne Convention Center in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
Although South African literature features prominently literature from across the world is also featured with both Anglophone and Francophone authors featuring prominently in the festivals events.
WLM is according to the Guinness Book of Records, is the world largest photography competition.
The first four days are dedicated exclusively to trade, with the final three days open to the public.
Sangyaw Festival is a religious and socio-cultural event in the Philippines.
GIS 2012 - Signed 259 MOUs for setting up projects worth Rs 4.31 Trillion
SMOFcon is an annual convention that focuses on the organisation of science fiction conventions.
The Indian Film Festival Japan is a film festival in Japan.
Each of the ten players independently controls a powerful character, known as a "hero", who all have unique abilities and styles of play.
It started in 2012 as the very first tech festival organised through crowdfunding.
The Guests of Honor were Gene Wolfe and Ted White.
The Central Pennsylvania Festival of the Arts is held each year in State College, Pennsylvania and on the campus of Pennsylvania State University.
It is dedicated to anime, comic books, science fiction, fantasy, video games, trading card games and board games.
Cardinal Francis Spellman founded and hosted the first dinner in 1945 after Smith's death the previous year.
The festival is attended by a large number well known local and international stars.
In 2016, JustUs Productions attempted a similar model to MACE West in Wilmington, NC, calling it MACE East.
The festival lasts four days and attracts thousands of spectators.
Concerts take place at culturally important locations, such as Eberbach Abbey and Schloss Johannisberg, in the wine-growing Rheingau region between Wiesbaden and Lorch.
Hood Jazz Festival was an annual jazz festival held in Gresham, Oregon, United States.
The Detroit Triple Fan Fair was a multigenre convention generally held annually in Detroit, Michigan, from 1965 to 1977.
A carnival runs from Wednesday to Sunday.
It usually begins the last Friday in September and ends 24 days later.
World Innovation Forum  is an annual conference held each year in Kuala Lumpur.
The ACL Music Festival has eight stages where musical groups from genres including rock, indie, country, folk, electronic and hip hop perform for fans.
Most Houstoncons took place over three days in June, from Friday to Sunday.
It is a large commercial event, with a major purpose being to demonstrate military and civilian aircraft to potential customers.
The UST Baccalaureate Mass is annual event of the University of Santo Tomas in Manila, Philippines.
The show is hosted at Nellis Air Force Base in November of each year.
Anime Central is an annual three-day anime convention held during May at the Hyatt Regency O'Hare & Donald E. Stephens Convention Center in Rosemont, Illinois.
Ice Music Festival is a "glacial instrument" festival founded by Terje Isungset together with Pål Knutsson Medhus.
The Caramoor Summer Music Festival also features a wide variety of music beyond Bel Canto Opera.
Films and albums recorded at Glastonbury have been released, and the festival receives extensive television and newspaper coverage.
It was produced by the Houston-based company Utopia Entertainment.
Visual and performance artists from all over the New England region and the East Coast create a temporary community for the weekend.
The conference is attended by tens of thousands of computer professionals.
Every year the federal government awarded the role of host of the exhibition to one of the country's larger fairs.
The Expo predates the more well-known "Comic Con" event which had its first Middle East Film and Comic Con in 2012
Attendance has been steadily rising since then, to 2573 at Eurofurence 22, making it the largest furry convention outside the United States.
The project is held annually in May and September on the Biryuchyi Island, located in the Azov Sea.
It is the first festival of its kind in the country.
It was created from the merger of the Tokyo International Anime Fair with the Anime Contents Expo.
In 2001, the convention moved to the Australia Day Weekend.
Over 4700 Elkhart county youth are involved in 4-H, displaying 8000 projects at the Fair annually.
It was created to increase awareness of advantages of the a digital world.
Since 2011, the winner of the Wikipedian of the Year award has been announced at Wikimania.
In 2007, it had been renamed as Valencian Community's Tourist Interest Festivity and it aspires to be Spain's Tourist Interest Festivity.
The convention was previously held in Paducah, Kentucky.
Sakura-Con is an annual three-day anime convention held during March or April at the Washington State Convention Center in Seattle, Washington.
The name is a derived acronym from the names of the schools in that order.
NashiCon is an annual three-day anime convention held during March/April at the Columbia Metropolitan Convention Center in Columbia, South Carolina.
FallCon 365 is a directive managed by one of the FallCon Ambassadors to expand the Boardgame community to the general public.
Both the marinera dance and the Peruvian paso horse have been declared to be part of the cultural heritage of the nation by the Peruvian government.
PortConMaine is an annual anime and gaming convention held in the summer in Portland and South Portland, Maine.
The Asia Game Show, also known as AGS, is an annual video game expo held at the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre in Hong Kong.
During the 1980s the security improved, and the event recovered the trust of the potential venues.
It is organised by Queer Screen Limited, a non-profit organization, and is one of the world's largest platforms for queer cinema.
In 2017 SOZO enter a partnership with Sotsu forming C3AFA
It is a gastronomic event where snails are the protagonists and which incorporates music, brass bands and parades through the city.
Some former Cepheid Variable members have gone on to become science fiction/fantasy writers, including Martha Wells, Jayme Blaschke, and Steven Gould.
The attendance at the 2011 festival, which did not feature the typical car show, was estimated at 20,000.
It is supported by city organizations, businesses and the WCS student volunteer organization Omotenashi.
The convention encompasses anime, video games, LARP, webcomics, comics, costuming, card games, board games, science fiction and prop armor construction, among other things.
The events are curated to fit with the Festival’s aims to ‘educate, entertain and inspire’.
A large number of people throng the temple to feed the elephants.
The supporter Asahi Broadcasting Corporation broadcast the final live throughout Japan via All-Nippon News Network in December 2010.
The event began in 1988, and has an annual attendance of 65,000.
The folk art is mainly practiced in Thrissur district of Kerala.
TimeGate is an Atlanta-based science fiction convention dedicated to Doctor Who and Stargate fandom, though general SF/F interests are also represented.
The Barrie Rotary Club hosts the main beer gardens and main stage.
According to the Central Massachusetts Convention and Visitors Bureau, it is the largest automotive event on the East Coast.
Since the early 2000s, it is among one of the largest computer and technology trade shows in the world.
SoonerCon is a fan-run multi-genre convention held annually in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma and suburbs, currently Midwest City since 2013.
The parent company, Rocky Mountain Anime Association, is a registered 501(c)(4) nonprofit organization.
The New York Clown Theatre Festival is an annual festival of the art of clown, held at The Brick Theater in Brooklyn, New York.
The conference promotes collaboration among leaders from workforce development, business, economic development, education, community-based organizations, and philanthropy.
The conference has been held every year since 1997 and is a major international conference in computational biology, alongside the ISMB and ECCB conferences.
The show is frequently used by manufacturers to debut new models.
The exhibition includes between 80-90 quilts, and after the conclusion of the Quilt National selections of the exhibits also tour the country.
A permanent chairlift also resided onsite until 2005.
The main show features a line-up of African acts from countries including Nigeria, Ghana, South Africa, Congo, Kenya, and the United Kingdom.
Former ARMM vice-governor, Mahid Mutilan was the most prominent one.
Sister events of Cityscape global are Cityscape Abu Dhabi, Cityscape Egypt, Cityscape Riyadh, Cityscape Jeddah, Cityscape Qatar, Latin America and Cityscape Asia
Edinburgh Comic Con is an annual fan convention organised by Hero Conventions and run at the Edinburgh International Conference Centre in Edinburgh, Scotland since 2014.
UNFCCC's Executive Secretary Christiana Figueres and Poland's Minister of the Environment Marcin Korolec led the negotiations.
MAGFest is an annual festival held in the Washington metropolitan area that celebrates video games and video game music, as well as their surrounding culture.
The festival has become one of the most successful multicultural festivals in Australia.
Attendance has been variously reported as 350,000, 375,000, and as high as 400,000.
The DWGE showcases game and app developers, game publishers, game distributors, retailers, and other businesses related to interactive entertainment.
Other Cedar Fair parks including Dorney Park, Valley Fair, and Worlds of Fun all have formerly used the HalloWeekends name.
The festival had its 20th anniversary in 2011.
In 1991, a short distance race was added and a sprint race was added in 2001.
Hotels, motels and backpackers around Wanaka are usually booked well in advance.
The business conducted at the 2005 IDEX totalled 2 billion US dollars.
Two sessions are held each year, each involving 180 secondary school students.
The festival sits on 55 acres of land, and offers camping facilities to patrons.
In 2017, attendance reached a record high of 2,611,176 people requiring over 32,000 volunteers.
Recent years have seen high profile performances from rock and pop artists, including James Blunt, Wilko Johnson and Lightning Seeds.
The ski marathon is a part of the Demino Cup, which includes also a cross-country cycling marathon and running half-marathon.
The Electrical Water Pageant is a show that takes place every evening on Walt Disney World's Seven Seas Lagoon and Bay Lake.
The conference first took place in 1978 in Czechoslovakia.
The Bioinformatics Open Source Conference is an academic conference on open source programming in bioinformatics organised by the Open Bioinformatics Foundation.
It showcases local and regional musicians, and frequently brings national recording artists to western Oklahoma as headliners.
The Nyhem Week is a major annual conference by the Swedish Pentecostal Movement.
Twilight Festival was a cultural festival that began in 1990 in Columbia, Missouri.
The goal of the festival is to bring forward both Sami culture and that of other indigenous peoples.
These have included The Midland Hotel, New Century House and a variety of pubs, clubs and bar spaces across the city centre.
The convention was chaired by Peggy Rae Pavlat.
The festival took place in 17 venues throughout Manhattan and Brooklyn.
Redick, Catherynne Valente, Don D'Ammassa, Marie Brennan, Brad Guigar, Kristofer Straub
The event is funded by local radio station FM 104.7, and the display is synchronised to a soundtrack of music broadcast on the station.
However the 2014 cap is set at 3,200 participants as was the 2015 cap.
Supermodel of the World is an international modeling contest established by Eileen Ford in 1980.
Chic Meets Geek is a red carpet event and conference hosted by Carol Tran.
Starbase Indy is a science fiction convention.
The Athletics competition took place on 3 February at the Green Point Ahletics Stadium in Cape Town.
Since 2008, participants of The Russia Forum have gathered every year in Moscow to exchange opinions.
The event brings together the fan community that has evolved as a result of the Internet and helps them explore and develop their LEGO hobby.
DJ Pete Martin was responsible for the competition from its launch in 2003 to 2008 respectively.
Annual events include the "Quickdraw Contest," in which artists create drawings on the spot for prizes; and an art auction.
The festival showcases the films of Australian talent working in a variety of mediums, including; feature films, short films, television and online web content.
Some of the most notable have been the introduction of the LANceGS Ethernet Card, and the Marinetti TCP/IP stack for the Apple IIGS.
The OpenForum was a six-hundred-delegate, three-day conference held in the Cape Town International Convention Centre in Cape Town, South Africa, in May 2012.
Participants dress in fashions ranging from vintage inspired to contemporary chic.
It is held at the Dutchess County Fairgrounds in Rhinebeck, New York.
Total attendance was 6,837, of 7,795 paid memberships.
The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette defended the decision in light of public outcry.
The convention featured a large floorspace for exhibitors, including comic book dealers and collectibles merchants.
At first it was intermittent and small, with an attendance as low as 22 people.
It became the first Canadian Lego convention for adult fans of Lego at its inaugural event in 2011.
The Channel One Cup is an annual ice hockey event held in Russia under the auspices of Channel One.
Manifest was run by the not-for-profit organisation MAFI and staffed entirely by volunteers.
In the mid-1970s, Abbotsford was designated as Canada's National Airshow by Prime Minister Pierre E. Trudeau.
Due to tide changes on the Tideway, the race may therefore be in October or in November.
Svenska Mästerskapet was a Swedish football cup held to decide the Swedish Champions between 1896 and 1925.
In 2013, it was held March 5–7.
The town hall, School of Fine Arts and the other organizations in Mykonos provide context for the presentation of contemporary art and culture.
Related exhibitions in various venues in the Ravenna area generally remain on display for at least a month after the festival.
Each year a wreath is laid at the grave of James Hammett, one of the martyrs, in the churchyard of Tolpuddle parish church.
The People’s Choice Awards are held at the end of the weekend festival, when the favourite entry by popular vote is revealed.
Other fields include common race rowing classes like the 4+, 4-, 2- and skiff, but also more traditional clinker-built boats.
It was created in October 2007 by comedians Andy Wood and Matt Braunger and filmmaker Kimberly Brady.
It takes place during Pentecost at the Cerny airfield 48°29′50″N 2°20′13″E, which is owned and operated by the "Amicale Jean-Baptiste Salis".
The event took place at the Los Angeles Convention Center in Los Angeles, California.
The Desert Runners documentary received many film awards.
Paris Fashion Week is a series of designer presentations held biannually in Paris, France with spring/summer and autumn/winter events held each year.
These casetas usually belong to prominent families of Seville, groups of friends, clubs, trade associations and political parties.
The convention was chaired by Kathleen Meyer.
All-Con provides an umbrella of content supporting fans of science fiction, fantasy, Renaissance, anime, costuming, theater/performing arts, mystery, art, crafts, collecting, and filmmaking.
The Augusta-based event was commonly referred to as the Sussex County Fair by locals.
In addition to contemporary music, the festival hosts dance, comedy, theatre, circus, cabaret, and other arts.
A non-profit beneficiary is highlighted at every Chic Meets Geek event and is themed around the speaker panelists’ expertise, often ranging from fashion to science.
Often the society would collectively purchase a bull or seed grain, which would be made available to members only.
Hi-Ex was the name given to a Scottish comics convention held from 2008–2012.
Auto Mobil International has evolved into a top annual European exhibition attracting more than 400 exhibitors from 20 countries and around 270,000 visitors from 50 nations.
Yaoi-Con is an annual three-day anime convention, founded in 2001, aimed at fans of yaoi-related anime, manga, and other aspects of Asian culture.
Some jumpers alternate between the World Cup and the Continental Cup and therefore, the winner of the Continental Cup is not necessarily the best jumper.
The first convention took place at the Salt Palace Convention Center in Salt Lake City.
MAKS is an international airshow held at Zhukovsky International Airport, the home of the Gromov Flight Research Institute in Zhukovsky, 40 km southeast of Moscow, Russia.
As one of the few festival awards rewarded in comics, they are voted on by attendees.
It is owned and organized by Reed MIDEM, a subsidiary of Reed Exhibitions.
Rum bottles tilted together take the place of nasal passages, crossed unadorned bones lie behind the skull.
An annual highlight is the parade of up to 25,000 riders take a common exit with very large media presence around Lake Faak.
The festival site is divided into 10 areas, each offering a unique festival experience.
The TromaDance Film Festival is a free annual independent film festival organized by Troma Entertainment.
The Great Mind Challenge is an annual nationwide software development competition, created by the Academic Initiative of IBM.
Those are common activities from real world trade shows, transported to the Internet.
HackTX is open to all college students and held on the University of Texas at Austin’s campus.
The event is organised jointly by Abhivyakti Natya Manch and a social group called Maas.
The Bologna Motor Show is an auto show scheduled to be held annually in December, in Bologna, Italy.
The festival also included a World Science Summit, a meeting of high-level participants from the worlds of science, politics, administration, and business.
Dreamworld's 30th Birthday was celebrated throughout 2011 at the Dreamworld amusement park on the Gold Coast, Australia.
It faced a few setbacks in the early years, but is now increasing its popularity and importance, as Boston becomes a more fashion forward city.
Maria Canins won from 1979 until 1988 10 times the Marcialonga.
In 2012 The Northern Lights Festival celebrated their 25th anniversary.
The festival is the largest celebration of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines in the United States.
The Festival du Voyageur is an annual 10-day winter festival that takes place in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
It is staged in the airspace above and off the coast of the Jones Beach State Park in Wantagh, New York, located on Long Island.
During this 'run', youngsters would jump among them to show off their bravado.
Performances take place in the pubs, halls, cafes, churches, parks and streets of Cygnet.
In 1991, the festival hosted the World Cup Sport Kite Championship.
The science fiction side had three main tracks: an anime track, a literary track, and a gaming track.
This NASFiC was held because Brighton, England, was selected as the location for the 1979 Worldcon.
As of June 24, 2014, the event has raised more than $500,000 during the seven years it has been running.
Federal and local agencies also participate, such as the "Autoridad de Desperdicios Sólidos", "Servicio de Extensión Agrícola" and the Department of Agriculture, among others.
Chennai Book Fair or Madras Book Fair is an annual book fair organized in the Chennai, India by the Booksellers and Publishers Association of South India.
The Festivals 15th anniversary in 1996 featured Flirt.
It has been held each year since 1939.
The 1998 Disclave, scheduled for a different hotel on a different weekend, was canceled six weeks before the convention by the hotel.
The Thrissur Motor Show is South India’s largest motor show held annually in Thrissur city, Kerala, India.
The event adheres to the ten principles of the Burning Man event in Nevada.
They would later announce a lineup consisting of headliner Trooper as well as The Stampeders and Newfoundland favorite Buddy Wasisname and the Other Fellers.
The International Music Conference is a multiple day music conference held annually in Atlanta, Georgia.
It is held each January at the Doha Exhibitions Centre.
It consists of thousands of people camping at the fairgrounds in large, green, rented tents with asphalt floors.
The fair features multiples stages with live entertainment, DJs, food vendors, community-group stalls as well as a curated artisan alley with dozens of Northern California artists.
The festival, held on October 23 and 24 of each year, is one of the most important Christian festivals in Kerala.
This year’s festival will include 30 show gardens, which are often referred to as the jewel in the crown of the Bord Bia festival.
Established in 2011, the mission of the Festival is to make Istanbul the shopping, culture and entertainment center of the world.
It is traditionally kicked off by the SideWalk Cafe open-mic, one of the longest-running traditional open-mics in New York City.
AdaCamp was a series of unconferences organized by the Ada Initiative.
Playa del Fuego is a camping event that celebrates art for art's sake and espouses a gift economy where no vending, sales or barter are permitted.
The International Music Conference is run by a parent company called the Bridge Entertainment, registered in London, England.
DigiCon from the International Digital Publishing Forum runs concurrently with BEA.
The festival historically took place during early July, but now takes place annually during Autumn in Cambridge.
The Berlin Motor Show originally started in 1897 in the German capital Berlin as the home of the International Motor Show and ran until 1939.
The show features championship rodeo action, livestock competitions, concerts, a carnival, pig racing, barbecue and the Rodeo Uncorked!
It is a four-day event, operating generally Thursday through Sunday, and is typically held during the late June or early July.
It has been succeeded by a smaller-scale air show event titled The Festival of Flight which was launched in June 2014.
It is held annually in mid-November at the Zagreb Fair grounds in Zagreb, Croatia.
[1] Attendance increased every year from 2000 to 2005.
Many of the filmmakers have garnered distribution and representation as a result of the notable festival among Hollywood horror filmmakers.
Adriatic Boat Show is an international nautical show of new and used vessels that annually takes place in the city of Šibenik, Croatia.
The fair is a ten-day event at the end of July.
It will be held in the precinct of the Parco del Valentino.
The main race is 50 km long, and the event has been named after Vasaloppet in Sweden.
Karolinka - the Anna Jantar Award, for the winner of the Debiuty show,
The festival began as a one-week celebration of gay pride in 1989.
This is one of the oldest churches built in 18th-century Kerala.
OFF was founded by human rights activist Thor Halvorssen.
Many credit San Japan with forcing open the doors for big pop-culture conventions in the Alamo City, such as Alamo City Comic Con.
The Oglebay Winter Festival of Lights is a similar event at Oglebay Park in Wheeling, West Virginia.
This location was selected in August 2015 by the members of the 73rd World Science Fiction Convention in Spokane, Washington.
Approximately 3,000 exhibitors enter more than 12,000 items, which are judged and put on display during the fair.
The biggest crowd of the weekend was drawn by Lionel Richie, who drew 100,000-120,000 for the "Legend" slot on Sunday afternoon.
With a total footfall of over 2 million people, it is world's largest book fair by attendance.
The event has been running for more than 12 years.
The first RAI exhibition was organised there in 1895.
Feria Agrícola Educativa Cinco Días con Nuestra Tierra is a five-day agricultural fair held every year in the University of Puerto Rico at Mayagüez.
It is organized by the AnimeJapan Executive Committee with support from The Association of Japanese Animations and The Association of Manga Publishers.
It is organized by MP International and sponsored by The Chamber of H.K.
Hoopfest is not just a basketball event, as there is often live music being played in Riverfront Park, along with merchandisers and various food tents.
The festivals include different activities such as: thematic workshops, lectures, cultural events, exhibitions, parties and concerts.
The main structure, the "effigy", is burned the last night, as are many other pieces of art around Flipside.
The National Menorah is a large hanukkah menorah located in the northeast quadrant of The Ellipse near the White House in Washington, D.C.
The event, produced and supported by the City of Dublin, is one of America's largest Irish festivals.
The consumer participants include IT professionals, technology enthusiasts, students and consumers as well as regional traders.
It is one of the world’s largest and most important agricultural shows, drawing larger crowds than any other in Paris except the Foire de Paris.
The Expo started two days after the mass shooting at an Orlando, Florida nightclub.
The pelts and oil are sold to buyers in Norway, Russia, and China.
The 2012 show was on July 5–8.
Sangyaw means "to herald news" in Waray language.
Superfan Rick Sneary had a cardboard sign at this convention that read "We'll do it again in 2010" that he carried to numerous future Worldcons.
While the main focus of each convention was Doctor Who, Visions often invited actors from Blake's 7, Red Dwarf and Robin of Sherwood.
In 2009, the festival was awarded the title of "Best Festival" by the Houston Press.
The festival also has a beauty pageant, with the coronation of a Strawberry Queen.
The ShockerFest International Film Festival is a Californian film and video festival for horror, fantasy and science fiction films since 2002.
The festival also features the Crown Kitchens - a selection of food stalls serving turkey legs, food skewers, sandwiches, ice cream and other items.
Norwescon is one of the largest regional science fiction and fantasy conventions in the United States.
Jerash Festival for Culture and Arts, is an annually held event held in Jerash, Jordan.
In 2015, attendance was 982,305, the fair's highest 12-day attendance on record.
Publications include translations from the Japanese—such as Rica 'tte Kanji!?
Canada's Largest Ribfest is the name of an annual ribfest food festival held in Spencer Smith Park by the lake shore in Burlington, Ontario.
Organized by comics retailer Roland Castle, the convention was designed to attract science fiction fans of all stripes.
It is not open to the general public.
On 8 August 2015, the run was held in Silvassa, Dadra and Nagar Haveli.
In 2010, 51,515 people attended Burning Man.
The exhibition is for products and services including equipment, systems and software for projects in the professional entertainment, event, construction and installation sectors.
Both the female and male winners of the 2013 Supermodel of the Bahamas competition appeared at VFW in September 2013.
The convention's name comes from the Japanese word 'matsuri' meaning festival.
It has now grown, attracting about 10,000 students in over 60 events and with prize money of around Rs.
The festival's official mascot since 2004 has been "Steamer" the clam.
Brickworld also operates several exposition only events around the Midwest and Florida.
Total attendance was 5,319, of 6,368 paid memberships.
The airfield is also the site of a museum which sports an impressive number of pre-World War I up to present aircraft.
It is currently defunct with the website shut down.
The event was first held in 2007.
The 2010 fair increased its record to over 308,000.
Edward Hayden, TV Chef and Food Writer
2010: Timothy Zahn, Katherine Howe, Resa Nelson, Paul Tremblay, Greer Gilman, John Crowley, Randall Munroe, Dorothy Gambrell, Michael Terracciano.
Panoply has had record attendances of over 100,000 in 2007, 2008, and 2009.
Ballarat Begonia Festival is a carnival and community cultural festival held annually in Ballarat, Victoria, Australia.
The Kangaroo Hoppet event consists of three races:
Kaamulan comes from the Binukid word “amul” meaning to gather.
The first SMOFcon took place in 1984, and most have taken place in the United States.
A portion of the proceeds of the event are donated to Making Strides with Breast Cancer.
Ski Classics is a commercially sponsored international long-distance cross-country skiing cup competition, held in Europe.
RockNess 2013 was the eighth RockNess Festival to take place.
All categories of track and off-road motor racing are represented, including Formula One, BTCC, 24 Hours of Le Mans and much, much more.
LexiCon is notable for the large number of events it hosts relative to its size and regional nature.
Shoujocon was an American fan convention for anime and manga which focused on the shōjo subgenre.
On Light Up Night, the skyscrapers and buildings in and around downtown keep their lights on throughout the night, lending to the name.
The event showcases fashion collections from various designers, including ready-to-wear, accessories, styling and other new designs.
It was first arranged for the 1983–84 season.
The primary aim of ISCOMS is getting medical students acquainted with research and its many elements.
It was held in Raleigh, North Carolina, on August 5–8, 2010, at the Raleigh Convention Center, Marriott City Center, and the Downtown Raleigh Sheraton.
The closing sequence of the show features the bridge before all firing points explode in an "all-white" finale.
It takes place in downtown Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
The event is the largest festival in Chicago.
Laughlin River Run is an annual motorcycle rally held in Laughlin, Nevada.
The airshow usually spans a two-day period in the May of each year, and is the largest free airshow in Europe.
Tbilisi Fashion Week is a Georgian fashion week in its capital city of Tbilisi.
In 2011, the team behind the competition added a second event World Spelling Day - and officially rebranded as the World Education Games.
Eurofurence is a furry convention held in changing places in Europe every year.
Transformus celebrates the principles of radical inclusion, radical gifting, radical decommodification, radical self-reliance, radical self-expression, communal effort, civic responsibility, leaving no trace, participation and immediacy.
First Friday of every month is earmarked National Batakari day or simply Batakari day across Ghana.
The festival hosts a wide variety of activities for all ages, including arts, crafts, music, sports, amusement rides, food, and oyster shucking.
"I find that most performances in a theatre space are just a little sterile.
The AVN Adult Entertainment Expo is an adult entertainment convention and trade show held each January in Las Vegas, Nevada and is sponsored by AVN magazine.
The Marian Days is the main festival and pilgrimage for Vietnamese American Roman Catholics.
The name HAL was primarily derived from the film 2001: A Space Odyssey, in which HAL is the name of the ship's artificial intelligence.
The chairmen were Ross Pavlac and Larry Propp; Larry Smith and Bob Hillis were vice-chairmen.
FilKONtario is a fan-run convention in the Mississauga, Ontario area dedicated to filk, the music of science fiction and fantasy fandom.
Popular activities at the convention included filking and gaming.
The festival was first organised in 2004.
The Under the Radar Festival is a theater festival in New York City, founded in 2005 by Mark Russell, former Artistic Director of P.S.
Proceeds from the annual game were distributed to hospitals and charities.
The first Linucon was held October 8–10, 2004, at the Red Lion Inn located at 6121 North I-35 in Austin.
Molde International Jazz Festival or Moldejazz takes place annually in July, and is known as one of the oldest jazz festivals in Europe.
It is a 10-man relay which includes both night and daytime legs.
On May 28, 2013 the event was cancelled due to low ticket sales.
By its vastness, the Pacific Ocean inhibits social and cultural interchange between the inhabitants of its mostly island countries.
Atlanta Pride, also colloquially called the Atlanta Gay Pride Festival, is a week-long annual lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender pride parade held in Atlanta, Georgia.
This number nearly equals Spokane's 2010 Census population of 208,000.
The event includes over 150 literary events, featuring over 100 authors over 5 days.
Eximius provides a platform for budding entrepreneurs to innovate and analyze before taking the plunge.
Saint Stephen's Day bandy is a Swedish tradition in which elite bandy matches are played on Saint Stephen's Day.
It is an international marketplace for game developers, service providers and publishers looking to expand their network and find the right business partners.
In the beginning, the festival was called All-Polish Convention of Comic Creators.
Conjecture is an annual science fiction convention held in and around San Diego, California in the fall.
Established in 2003, Y4iT primarily targets college students, professionals, educators, IT experts and enthusiasts.
The show in 2003 was canceled because of Operation Iraqi Freedom and the show in 2005 was canceled for unknown reasons.
The Bon Soo Winter Carnival is an annual winter carnival in Sault Ste.
Insubordination Fest is an American annual punk rock music festival held in Baltimore, Maryland, that usually takes place over three days, in late June.
Meetings are held monthly, held mostly at MIT or at the NESFA Clubhouse in Somerville, and are open to the public.
The organizations that participated included environmental, business, medical and educational groups.
The 2009 Oerol Festival took place from June 12-21, and in 2010, the Oerol Festival took place from June 11-20.
The show typically features a flying display containing a wide variety of historic and modern aircraft.
Activities have included concerts, books signings and demonstrations.
The guests of honor were Harlan Ellison and Bill Bowers.
SPX is closely associated with the Comic Book Legal Defense Fund.
Hereditarnia is a special word that cannot be found in any dictionary.
It is one of the oldest festivals in the country and the most awaited event in the region.
Anderson, Elizabeth Haydon, James Patrick Kelly, Kelly Link, Donna Jo Napoli, Sharyn November, Cassandra Clare, William Sleator, Pete Abrams, Jeph Jacques, Randall Munroe
Click Asia Summit is India's first and largest Digital & Mobile Marketing conference, expo, and workshop.
Penguicon expanded its focus over the years to include panels and events for foodies, cosplay, filk music, gaming, and makerspaces.
The day is held annually on September 15, the anniversary of the Lehman Brothers' 2008 filing for bankruptcy.
Solacon was physically in Los Angeles, but technically in South Gate, California, to fulfill their bid slogan of "South Gate in '58."
Many organizations had put up tables to display products they had for sale.
In 1931 the Michigan Legislature renamed the festival to the National Cherry Festival, and moved the event to the summer.
The event was last held in Memphis from September 19–28, 2008, in its 152nd year.
In 2006 the former California International Auto Show has announced its name will change to the "Orange County International Auto Show".
The central theme of Samanvay 2015, Insider/Outsider: Writing India’s Dreams and Realities, evokes the liminality of the writer/creative artist/inventor in a given context.
The convention is run by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Club of Wayne State College.
While still small in comparison to other older renaissance festivals, including the neighboring giant, Texas Renaissance Festival, whose open season partly overlaps LARF.
The first meeting took place with 15,000 participants.
The Australian Fitness & Health Expo is Australia’s largest fitness and health event and is owned and organised by Diversified Exhibitions Australia.
Matching uniforms are very common among the male and female high school divisions, and some teams have taken it as far as to wear Halloween costumes.
We have added a Games Library that we make available to all who attend the con for FREE.
In 2010, the convention was acquired by Wizard Entertainment.
In 2007, there were 307 statues created at the Odori Park site, 32 at the Satoland site and 100 at the Susukino site.
Northern Voice 2008 - February 22 and 23, 2008
Although an investigation determined that neither Disclave nor WSFA were responsible, "the Disclave flood" was forever associated with the convention.
All major international manufacturers, as well as representatives of the military forces of many countries, attend the Paris Air Show.
The year also saw the debut of the restored Vulcan bomber, a project that cost over £6m over 15 years.
Animazement is an annual three-day anime convention held during May at the Raleigh Convention Center in Raleigh, North Carolina.
APE is currently held in San Jose after being held in San Francisco for 15 years.
Prior to November 2008, canoe slalom was known as whitewater slalom.
The event is organized and run completely by volunteers.
It is part of En svensk klassiker, the "Swedish Classic" which also includes crosscountry skiing, biking and running.
It is the largest event of its type in the world.
In 2011, the show included the Battle of Britain Memorial Flight.
Most editions of the UKCAC took place in September, over two days, usually on a Saturday and Sunday.
The Stratford Festival is an internationally recognized annual repertory theatre festival running annually from April to October in the city of Stratford, Ontario, Canada.
These bots face off bots built by other teams and the team that builds the best bots win.
The Guests of Honor were Algis Budrys, Michael Moorcock, Don Maitz, and Roy Tackett.
The size of the town - which itself is very small - ensures that the festival will not grow beyond certain bounds.
Heats were held across the country with final being held in Glasgow.
In 2013, Yuri's Night was celebrated at over 350 events in 57 countries.
Sunderland International Airshow is the biggest free annual airshow in Europe, held at the Roker and Seaburn seafronts.
Group guests generally include SG-Operations, the 501st Stormtroopers, KAG, and Society for Creative Anachronism.
The Colorado State Fair is an event held annually in late August in Pueblo, Colorado.
Soundtrack Beat Battle is a Nashville-based producers competition where beat makers compete on stage for a grand prize.
Rally Finland was first held under the name Jyväskylän Suurajot in 1951.
The Mud Rush is an all-terrain marathon style adventure festival held in India.
The festival consists of local bands playing throughout downtown Columbia, in addition to a booked band on the William Woods stage.
They were revived in 2014 and continue today.
In 2017, KCON announced that they will be hosting their first KCON Mexico at the Mexico City Arena on March 17 and 18, 2017.
The World Village Festival is an annual festival in Helsinki, Finland that exhibits cultures from around the world.
It was founded by Art Personas and CEO Ronnie Cruz.
In addition the Daft Punk set was initially held up by nearly an hour due to lighting problems.
These events a generally held at local game stores, the Legion 285, or at several Calgary Co-Op grocery store community rooms.
The festival is typically held over a weekend at the end of July or beginning of August.
Since 1985, the World Championships have been held in odd-numbered years.
The sessions are non-technical and are meant to increase awareness, interest, and funding for the SETI Institute.
Past clients include People, Kia Motors, GE Transportation, Mars, Incorporated, Olympus Corporation, Fortune, and the New Jersey Society of Certified Public Accountants.
He participated for the Norwegian team Team Xtra Personell.
The full title has the seasonal version appended, or.
The total registered membership of the convention was 5202, of which 4115 physically attended.
On the conmemoration of this civic date it is declared a holiday for the whole province for the festivities of this celebration.
The Texas Mile is a land speed auto racing event in Victoria, Texas at the Victoria Regional Airport.
With the change of organisers, the festival name was changed to Wimborne Minster Folk Festival following the request from the previous organisers.
This Air Show takes place on a weekend in mid-July each year, but as of 2013, late June.
SoonerCon was founded in 1986 but went dormant after the 1997 event.
It later moved to the Polo Park Race Track and then to the Winnipeg Stadium, Winnipeg Arena, and Winnipeg Velodrome facilities.
BotCon has been held annually since 1994.
In 2005 AS Karup, in 2006 AS Skrydstrup, in 2007 AS Aalborg and in 2008 AS Karup.
The Grand Raid de la Réunion, also called La diagonale des fous is a mountain ultramarathon race.
It is held yearly at the beginning of July for four days in the Parc des Expositions de Villepinte.
This performance consists of a medley of songs during which the students effectively create a "human LCD screen" on the pavilion.
The fair is held in Yakima, Washington at the State Fair Park.
ReAnimania's aim is to expand and extend the border of Armenia through the Art of Animation and Animated Films.
It was founded in 1994 by Michael and Renee George.
Green Man will return for its 15th year anniversary celebration - 17–20 August 2017.
Saturday 12 June - The Seventh Seal @ Winchester Cathedral, Winchester
The ten-day festival is focused on live, public theatre as well as music and visual arts.
AGRO is the largest Ukrainian exhibition for agriculture, agricultural machinery, livestock farming and the food industry.
The festival represents all genres of electronic music, bringing top international DJs and live acts from multiple countries to four stages.
Larry Bock and Ray O. Johnson of the Lockheed Martin Corporation founded the festival.
The first edition, in 2012, featured guests such as William Shatner, and other special guests.
Started in 2010 the convention is held in the South Western part of Connecticut near the New York border.
They are broadcast worldwide via the European Broadcasting Union.
Each year it is held at the International Agri-Center in Tulare, California, in the United States starting on the second Tuesday of February.
From 2005 to 2011, there was no entry fee to MomoCon; the convention sold T-shirts and highlight DVDs to fund the next year.
It has since drawn in the likes of J. Scott Campbell, Neal Adams, George Pérez, Dave Gibbons, Dan Slott, Charlie Adlard, Max Brooks and Jonathan Ross.
Recently the event has been held almost every year, but occasionally a year is skipped if no city is found to host the event that year.
The theme was "Our Troops Bring Home Paradise: A Tiki Explosion" and included car shows, film screenings and other events.
In 2016, Fringe World facilitated the purchase of a spiegeltent for Edith Cowan University; the venue will be re-named The Edith Spiegeltent.
The tournament started in 1994 as the Pragobanka Cup but with the new sponsor Česká pojišťovna it changed its name in 1998.
The Expo features aircraft for visitors to see up close as well as aerial demonstrations in both fighter jets and antique planes.
It is one of the largest film festivals in Canada.
It features a week of events that culminate with a nighttime parade of boats lighted with Christmas-themed decorations on the Tombigbee River at Demopolis.
TeenStar is a singing competition in the UK, it is run by Future Music.
The NAMM Show is an annual event in the US that its organizers describe as "the world’s largest trade-only event for the music products industry".
The Ottawa Comiccon is a fan convention with focus on comics, sci-fi, horror, anime and games.
The festival of Uttarayan marks the day when winter begins to turn into summer, according to the Indian calendar.
Hacking at Random was an outdoor hacker conference that took place in the Netherlands from August 13 to August 16, 2009.
The venue, the instruments and the art.
Eximius showcases the best entrepreneurial minds of the country by facilitating discussions on their cutting edge innovations with Venture Capitalists and Industry veterans.
The Fair typically has around 75 amusement rides, 110 food booths, and 300 commercial sales booths.
The BICF includes comedic performances and acts from around the world, featuring sketch shows and stand-up acts.
The Snellville Days Festival is a two-day event held annually in Snellville, Georgia that draws crowds from all over the Southeast.
Hyper Japan a Japanese culture event held in London, England.
The carnival is renowned for a lack of alcohol and an early finish.
The flagship event of IIM-C, it was started in 1989 as the National Business School Meet.
Many cities in Gujarat organize kite competition between their citizens where the people all compete with each other.
Various workshops, volunteer sessions, conversations, book exhibitions and performances will also be an integral part of Samanvay 2015.
The first fair was held in 1977 and was organized by Jim Warren and Bob Reiling.
The festival has a musical profile with an emphasis on ethnic and contemporary jazz.
RockNess 2007 was the second RockNess Festival to take place.
The Orchestra of St Luke's is the orchestra in residence under conductor Donald Runnicles of the San Francisco Opera.
While remaining true to its literary roots, ConClave celebrates fantasy and science fiction in all its myriad forms, including art, music, theatrical performance, and film.
The 13th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Clevention, was held on September 2–5, 1955, at the Manger Hotel in Cleveland, Ohio, United States.
This was the first of a planned annual YouTube Comedy Week.
Weather continues to be a concern, as rising global temperatures reduce the likelihood of appropriately snowy conditions every year.
Northern Voice 2009 - February 20 and 21, 2009
Midwest FurFest is a furry convention, which takes place in Rosemont, Illinois each December.
The Renaissance Pleasure Faire of Southern California is the first modern Renaissance faire to occur in America.
In 2009 Newcastle took the overall title for the first time and in 2010 the event was a draw.
The modern competition started in 1922 and it has been a part of the Worldloppet events since 1978.
There is a variety of ground displays by organisations such as the local flying clubs and the armed forces, and of classic cars and vehicles.
The Joey Hoppet is a 7 km race, and does not count as either a main race or a short race.
Events were scheduled, including races, shows and a motorcycle hill climb competition.
The Dhaka Literary Festival is a literary festival held in the Bangladeshi capital Dhaka.
The festival takes place all around Dublin City Centre.
Steinman produced the album Bat Out of Hell II: Back into Hell.
It takes place biennially in the Kaohsiung Arena in Kaohsiung, Taiwan, creating a global platform for cutting-edge technologies and transactions.
Bergenfest started out as an intimate blues and Americana festival, situated at various venues in the city center of Bergen.
The Washington State Apple Blossom Festival is a festival held annually in Wenatchee, Washington from the last weekend in April to the first weekend in May.
The convention displays LEGO models, displays and trains covering about 35,000 square feet of convention space.
"The King of Where-I-Go" was a finalist for the Hugo Award and the Locus Award.
The focus of the parade is on educating Chicago's youth.
In 2005 it had an estimated 120,000 attendance.
PL Art of Fireworks is a religious event of the Church of Perfect Liberty held on August 1 every year in Tondabayashi, Osaka Prefecture, Japan.
The highest attendance was 1485, 85 more members than in 1981 when Isaac Asimov was the Guest of Honor.
Pulikkali is also performed during various other festive seasons.
Past headling acts included Siobhan Owen, Meinir Gwilym, and Poxy Boggards.
Encompassing Sarasota and Manatee Counties, Florida, the annual festival is scheduled every October and includes artists from all over the world.
LexiCon features a game library of over 1,200 titles, provided by LexiCon founders, convention supporters, local board game groups and the convention itself.
Some shikaras are still used for fishing, harvesting aquatic vegetation, and transport, while most are covered with tarpaulins and are used by tourists.
As of May 2015, it is the largest anime convention in Western Canada.
"Young people in the audience, I think there's a really good chance you're going to see this happen."
40 km x 4 days – Wearing uniform + at least 10 kg marching weight for males aged 18–49, for females the weight is optional.
The supporting organization was the Austin Literary Arts Maintenance Organization.
The festival covers an extensive scope of performances from local folk and traditional music genres to world fusion and contemporary world music across the globe.
'Thundermarch' is the annual rock and metal fest of National Institute of Technology Silchar.
Bobcaygeon was the sole host in 2011.
Starting in 2016, the show kicks off with AutoMobility LA, four days full of activity for journalists, designers and industry representatives alike.
Bouchercon, the Anthony Boucher Memorial World Mystery Convention, is an annual convention of creators and devotees of mystery and detective fiction.
The Istanbul Shopping Fest is an annual shopping fest held in Istanbul, Turkey.
AUKcon was a one-day anime convention held in London, England, on 19 February 1994.
The celebration is organized around a circuit, where you are involve in certain activities that are aimed at the general public.
Prix de l'Agence intergouvernementale de la francophonie du meilleur jeune prix.photographe de la francophonie to Ulrich-Rodney Mahoungou
The dates of the 29th annual KansasFest are July 17–23, 2017.
Beaches, woods, dunes and other landscapes can function as performance spaces, and shows have also taken place in farm sheds, boathouses and an army bunker.
Retail’s BIG Show is an annual event held over four days in New York City.
The conference is invitation-only and self-organized, originally inspired by Tim O'Reilly's Foo Camp.
ConAdian was the first Worldcon with its own official website.
Starting from 2007 the tournament is recognized as an international one being held in Adler, from 2009 on the tournament has been held in Sochi.
ULTIMA Oslo Contemporary Music Festival is a Norwegian music festival for contemporary music.
First held in 1989, Cinéfest quickly became a popular destination for Canadian filmmakers.
Miller Brewing Company usually collaborated with Chicago radio station WGCI-FM to host the event at various venues.
It is not a race, it is merely a means of getting crews to do long rows"
Comic Expos' boardgame room in 2013 was run by FallCon Ambassadors.
It is an open tournament of teams representing various nations, composed of professionals playing in European professional hockey leagues.
The International Four Day Marches Nijmegen is the largest multiple day marching event in the world.
The forum has published five books and hosts a working paper series on its website.
PAC was created by the New England Anime Society, a Massachusetts-based nonprofit organization also responsible for creating Anime Boston.
BayCon is the San Francisco Bay Area's longest-running fan-run science fiction and fantasy convention.
China International Aviation & Aerospace Exhibition, also known as Airshow China or Zhuhai Airshow, is the largest airshow in mainland China.
The FIS Ski Jumping Grand Prix is a summer circuit yearly arranged by International Ski Federation.
The convention displays Lego models, displays and trains, most often covering more than 100,000 square feet of convention space.
Total prize money topped $5,000 in 2011, and over $100,000 worth of artworks were shown during the 2010 festival.
Jonbeel Mela is a three-day Tiwa community fair held the weekend of Magh Bihu at a historic place known as Dayang Belguri at Joonbeel.
The Dubai World Game Expo is a multigenre convention held annually in Dubai, United Arab Emirates in the month of November.
The event takes place at Exhibition Park and features a midway, concerts, stage shows, and agricultural exhibits.
The chairmen were Craig Miller and Milt Stevens.
The Gallery was officially opened by the Mayor of Townsville, Alderman M F Reynolds, on 25 September 1981.
TwiCon's guests included Twilight actors Christian Serratos, Billy Burke, Peter Facinelli, Jackson Rathbone, Kellan Lutz, and New Moon actor Alex Meraz.
The annual exhibition at the City Hall organised by the Hong Kong Publishing Federation could be regarded as the predecessor of the Hong Kong Book Fair.
The competition is filmed by A&E Networks and broadcast on the network Fyi as the World Food Championships TV series.
Since the construction of the pop-up Westside shipping container precinct, the festival has grown to also include Westside Acton Park.
It is the American subsidiary of the JTS Group, the organizing group of Japan Expo in Paris, France.
; which was followed by the next edition in November 2012.
Thanks to the cool temperature in October when it takes place and the easy course, the race is considered fast.
Druga godba is a world music festival organized yearly in Ljubljana, Slovenia.
Since then, the event has been hosted annually in different cities across North America.
Participants in the walk raise money for charity.
It is produced by the creative company Serious in association with BBC Radio 3.
It was announced in March 2015 that the University would not continue with the festival and was going to stop funding the festival.
The Greifswald International Students' Festival is an event organised by the non-profit organisation GrIStuF e.V.
After a four-year hiatus WSFA began a new convention, Capclave.
The guest of honor was James Blish.
Orange County International Auto Show is an annual event in Anaheim, California, that has been held since 1996.
The event is held annually on the last weekend of July and runs for 3 days from Friday, through to the end of Sunday.
Total attendance was reported as 6,703 members.
The event has a history that goes back to 1986, when the first Convergence was held in Seattle, Washington.
The guests of honor were Jack Williamson and Robert A. Madle.
It is traditionally a three-day event typically held the weekend before Labour Day during the summer in Toronto, Canada, at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre.
This display is set from Capitol Lake on the last evening of the fair.
The adjacent field, as well as having camping space, has a marquee, Workers Beer Company bar and merchandise stalls.
Beginning in 2011, the Conference began publishing the Brigham–Kanner Property Rights Conference Journal as a chronicle of the Conference's panels.
Taste of Asia is a non-profit, annual street festival organized by the Federation of Chinese Canadians in Markham and is located in Markham, Ontario, Canada.
Cinéfest presents an annual programme of over 135 films, both domestic and international, often screened towards English and French language audiences.
The Hamilton County Fair, formerly known as the Carthage Fair, is the county fair of Hamilton County, Ohio.
Romics is a semiannual comic book, Animation, and gaming convention in Rome, Lazio.
Every year the number of statues displayed is around 400 in total.
There is also a significant social aspect.
It is also for people to have fun with, and prepare for the races.
Activities include Irish and other Celtic music, genealogy, food and drink, dance, cultural exhibits, games, sports, arts and crafts, and children's activities.
It is currently held at the Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre where the last show was held in October 2012.
55 km x 4 days – reinstated specially for the 100th edition
The International Kolkata Book Fair is a winter fair in Kolkata.
What The Hack was an outdoor hacker conference held in Liempde, Netherlands between the 28th and 31st of July, 2005.
Rhode Island Comic Con is a three-day comic convention held during November at the Rhode Island Convention Center and Dunkin' Donuts Center in Providence, Rhode Island.
It is one of the events that celebrates the old tradition of teenagers cruising from hangout spot to hangout spot.
The fairgrounds also holds horse shows and rodeos in itef.
The Georgia National Fair is a state-sponsored fair that is held every October on the Georgia National Fairgrounds and Agricenter in Perry, Georgia, United States.
The ConClave convention has been held each year from 1976 to 2011, and again in 2013.
It's a part of the Reflections|Projections Conference hosted by ACM @ Illinois, the ACM chapter at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
It focused on the art of anime and manga, East Asian culture, and its associated fandoms.
The Interliber - International Book and Teaching Appliances Fair is the largest Croatian trade fair for books and teaching appliances.
Qatar Motor Show is an annual international motor show held in Doha, Qatar.
LARF is a sponsor of the Renaissance Living History Center.
TheSpeedGamers is a group of video gamers based out of Arlington, Texas, who raise money for various charities.
This Pushkaram is observed for a period of 12 days from the time of entry of Jupiter into Kumbha rasi.
Established in the late 19th century after the Bayreuth Festival, the festival is one of the most distinguished international theatre and music festivals in the world.
According to the City Tourist Board, the number of visitors is one of the top touristic events in Serbia.
Entry is free but there is a charge for car parking.
Commonly, it is held the third weekend of January.
Carnival involves highly skilled art forms across music, movement and costume.
Males wear knee length trousers, stockings, and a shirt.
Barbarella is an annual music festival held in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic since 2011 by Presidente.
The fund is to distribute US$100 billion per year to help poor countries adapt to climate impacts.
Club My War))) is a platform for underground metal and punk bands to play at intimate venues in the greater Los Angeles area, notably Hollywood.
The festival was originally conceived as a marketing vehicle for Boryeong mud cosmetics.
In September 2012, Chief Executive of Allegheny County Rich Fitzgerald announced that he was cancelling the Celebration of Lights due to inability to find corporate sponsorship.
The Quebec Winter Carnival or the Carnaval de Québec is a festival held in Quebec City.
Skepticon is one of the largest skeptic and secular conventions held in the United States.
In 2013, an event was held in Melbourne, Australia, and dubbed PAX Australia.
The rally has been cancelled twice; in 1974 due to the oil crisis and in 1990 because of the mild weather.
The Festival is organised by the Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity, owned by British publisher and conference organiser Ascential.
Power Summit, previously known as Mixshow Power Summit, is an annual four-day urban music conference.
The goal of the campaign is that by the end of 2010 at least 250 restaurants will hold a Marine Stewardship Council certification.
The inaugural event took place on the same weekend as Coquitlam's Festival du Bois.
Since then, the Schools Spectacular has evolved significantly.
The fair's official website states, "As a non-profit organization, our mission is not to make money.
Since 2007, the competition has been contested annually.
After the grand success of the festival in 2014, Kolkata Youth Theatre Festival is primed to become bigger and better.
U.S. Cup was a soccer competition held annually in the United States from 1992 to 2000, except for the World Cup years of 1994 and 1998.
The Allahabad Kumbh Mela is a mela held every 12 years at Prayag, India.
After Warren sold the show, it had a few more good years, and then declined rapidly.
The Electronic Entertainment Expo 2015, commonly known as E3 2015, was the 21st Electronic Entertainment Expo held.
The initiative was started in 2011 from Lahore.
Also in 2015 the BBC streamed much of its content.
The 2009 Glastonbury Festival of Contemporary Performing Arts was held from 24–29 June 2009.
The Bedford River Festival is held biennially in Bedford, England, on the banks of the River Great Ouse.
Android Developer Days, or ADD, is an open conference held at various locations worldwide each year.
In keeping with its artistic beginnings, KCRF features over 150 shops and vendors, many of which sell original crafts and artwork.
The first show, Mosaeroshow-92, was held in 1992.
AiM is now known as Marrakech Biennale.
Formerly, the Grant Park Music Festival was held at the Petrillo Music Shell in Grant Park.
A series of technical conferences addressing the electronics industry is held in Munich at the same time as the fair.
Kaamulan started as a festival on May 15, 1974, during the fiesta celebration of the then municipality of Malaybalay.
The Lagos Countdown, now One Lagos Fiesta, is an annual New Year's Eve event at the Bar Beach in Lagos.
The festival occurs in May, with live music and interactive art across indoor and outdoor locations in Dalston.
Other Gen Con conventions have been held sporadically in various locations around the United States, as well as internationally.
Supanova Comic-Con and Gaming is a fan convention focusing on science fiction and fantasy film and TV, comic books, anime, gaming and collectables.
For the past six years the event has been sponsored by Ordnance Survey as part of a contract which ended with the 2009 event.
Da Vinci Days is an annual festival held in Corvallis in the U.S. state of Oregon.
The event grew from gay rights parades held annually since 1978, when numerous participants had been arrested by New South Wales Police.
The Jersey International Air Display is an air show which is held every year on the island of Jersey, in the Channel Islands.
Free Money Day is an annual, global event held since 2011 as a social experiment and to promote sharing and alternative economic ideas.
The two-day festival is free, except for an open-air concert which is normally held on the Saturday evening at Tynemouth Priory and Castle.
The chairmen were Nick and Noreen Falasca.
AggieCon is the oldest and largest student-run multigenre convention in the United States.
The Dartmouth Conference is the longest continuous bilateral dialogue between American and Soviet representatives.
Although called a Block Party the festivities span several blocks and revelers can be found at house parties around the city.
The Alligator Festival is an annual event held during the last weekend of September in Luling, Louisiana.
The Moondyne Festival is a festival held in Toodyay, Western Australia, celebrating the life and times of Moondyne Joe.
The festival consists of lectures, exhibitions, interactive workshops, as well as meetings with scientists.
The gathering lasts around 5 days and each day is focused on a form of service.
The event was held at Makuhari Messe, a convention and exhibition center in Tokyo Bay, in late March.
In 2013 the show expanded in size, prompting a move from the Seattle Center to the Greater Tacoma Convention and Trade Center.
The Canada Cup or Maple Cup was a men's invitational international football tournament for national football teams.
Dapper Day is a semi-annual gathering that takes place at the Disney theme parks in Los Angeles, Orlando, and Paris.
It was founded on 27 May 2015 by
The articles were written by leading scholars and practitioners from the U.S. and China.
The Swedish Ski Games is an annual cross-country skiing event in Sweden, started in Sundsvall in 1947 but moved to Falun in 1959.
The festival is held annually the last full weekend of April in downtown Huntsville's Big Spring International Park and Von Braun Center.
The fest includes events cultural contests in literary, performing arts and fine arts categories, along with a number of other activities on different themes.
The inaugural convention was held June 15–17, 2012, and was created as a program for the non-profit educational organization Comic Book Classroom.
D-Con is an annual event run around the end of February/beginning of March.
The race is currently the second largest marathon in Sweden with 303 starting runners 2008.
The Boom Festival is a biennial transformational festival in Portugal.
Founded in 1999, this event is the only long-running film festival created by a critic.
DHSI also has an International Advisory Board.
Youth of the Nation conferences and events are hosted by The Youth Of The Nation Trust in collaboration with other churches from around New Zealand.
The 2014 event was headlined by Third World.
ConCoction is a full-spectrum multi-genre fantasy and science fiction convention based in Cleveland, Ohio, and is annually in March.
The ILA Berlin Air Show) combines a major trade exhibition for the aerospace and defence industries with a public airshow.
The 2017 Dublin Irish Festival takes place on August 4th, 5th and 6th.
The event takes the entire year to plan.
The event is organised by Singapore’s Energy Market Authority.
It is planned by the non-profit organization Annual Milford Oyster Festival, inc., largely run by volunteers.
Ghats In Kurnool District: Patala Ganga Ghat, Sangameswaram River Ghat
It has been described as "The Chelsea of the West", and attracts around 24,000 visitors over its two days.
The current incarnation is centered in the Five Points area in the neighborhood of Riverside.
A Celebration of Friends is an annual social gathering for gay mature men in Florida.
The Scarborough Renaissance Festival also features 200 shops selling goods such as candles, soaps, jewelry, children's toys and even musical instruments.
Sterling Renaissance Festival is a Renaissance Festival that operates in Sterling, New York.
It is an open access performing arts festival, meaning there is no selection committee, and anyone may participate, with any type of performance.
It wasn't just a lack of available theatre venues that prompted him to act.
The Portugal Day Festival in Newark, New Jersey is a street festival celebrating the Portuguese people, language, and their culture.
Fan Expo Canada is an annual speculative fiction fan convention held in Toronto, Ontario.
The Electronic Entertainment Expo 2010, commonly known as E3 2010, was the 16th Electronic Entertainment Expo held.
Trujillo Book Festival is an international literary festival held in Trujillo, a Peruvian city.
Former Miss World, Agbani Darego has served as host for the international exhibition.
It is a free-entry public event, and includes food stalls and entertainment, as well as boat exhibits.
Fringe World is an open access Festival, which means that artists from anywhere in the world can register to be part of the Festival.
The event is organized by WOBI, an executive education and management content firm.
The TCON Promotional Society is a not-for-profit corporation based out of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The Elkhart County 4-H Fair is known for its free grandstand entertainment and concerts.
The Canterbury A&P Show attracts on average 100,000 people, over 7000 livestock and features competition entries and over 600 trade exhibitors.
For the historical Russian marriage custom, see Bride-show.
Lexicon Gaming, LLC was officially formed in October 2013, and the date of the inaugural Lexicon Gaming Convention set for May 2–4, 2014.
It is the largest state fair in the United States by average daily attendance.
In the 1970s, the racetrack had to be relocated to make room for Ronald Reagan Cross County Highway's West Side extension.
A variety of organizations have been accredited with administering the day, including Global Youth Action Network, Youth Service America, and Points of Light Foundation.
Music performances took place in three main venues, with other smaller venues hosting DJs, cinema and "fringe" events.
It was inaugurated in the presence of Jean-Luc Monterosso, director of the European House of Photography, MEP).
It is operated by a private for-profit corporation, with the help of a 1,500-member volunteer staff.
Astronomical tattoos are not uncommon among attendees.
There are 21 stages with more than 200 performances.
RockNess 2006 was the first RockNess Festival to take place.
The European Conference on Computational Biology is a scientific meeting on the subjects of bioinformatics and computational biology.
BrickFest was typically held on a weekend in mid-August in the Washington, D.C area annually from 2000 through 2006.
The Roar on the Shore is motorcycle rally that takes place annually in Erie, Pennsylvania.
INPEX provides a forum for inventors to exhibit their inventions and pitch their ideas with companies interested in licensing, marketing or manufacturing their new products.
There are two book groups that meet on a monthly basis, as well as a monthly Game Day, and a monthly Game Night.
It also is the name of the award-winning 1998 documentary film that chronicles the fundraiser.
The Summernats spectator attendance record was set in 2017 with 119,184 attendees.
The official final and detailed report of the iBridge Berlin was released by organizer in October 2015.
Two years later, in 1988, Toronto Trek Celebration 2 took place.
The Business Centre at Leipzig was reserved for professional visitors.
The parade has been broadcast since 1993 on WPHL-TV, which has live streamed the event on its website since 2011.
Gary Farber was the de facto vice-chairman as well as director of operations during the convention.
The Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo, also called RodeoHouston or abbreviated HLSR, is the largest livestock exhibitions and rodeo in the world.
The three-day event premiered 14 November 2014.
The festival features performers of different music genres often playing unusual instruments in a series of street shows, dances and acrobatics.
Raindance showcases features and shorts by filmmakers from around the world to an audience of film executives and buyers, journalists, film fans and filmmakers.
The festival has been criticised by animal welfare and animal rights supporters.
The Ann Arbor Summer Festival is an annual display of performing arts, outdoor entertainment and community spirit in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
The Catalyst Conference is a series of leadership conferences focused on a new generation of church leaders.
The rally has its origin in the Loudon Classic motorcycle race started in 1923 and the Gypsy tour, where many motorcyclists passed through Laconia.
The Opole Festival is meant as a summary of the past year's achievements by Polish song writers and performers.
The museum was inaugurated on 29 August 2009; the opening date for the museum is 15 June 2016.
Brickworld's private convention offers workshops, presentations, roundtable discussions, special events and challenges.
ConFusion is an annual science fiction convention organized by the Stilyagi Air Corps and its parent organization, the Ann Arbor Science Fiction Association.
The success of the festival is based largely on the commitment and enthusiasm of its nearly 1800 volunteers.
Industrial archeology tours of the site’s functional over-shot waterwheel.
The B-17 Flying Fortress used in the motion picture Memphis Belle is a permanent project of the AJ-BS group.
Glastonbury Festival is a five-day festival of contemporary performing arts that takes place near Pilton, Somerset.
These awards, the highest and oldest honor in science fiction, were first awarded at the 1953 Worldcon in Philadelphia.
The organizing committee was chaired by Tom Veal.
The All-Star game was first staged at the Boston Garden on March 2, 1951.
The FunnyFest Talent Search has talent competitions over 6 different nights to find the funniest person.
INTERMAT Middle East is an annual international trade show for the construction and materials industries.
The event is open on Friday nights, Saturdays and Sundays.
Burning Flipside is an annual effigy burn, display of creative arts, and self-expression of performances staged in Central Texas near Austin.
This event was founded in 2003 by high school student Jennifer Barlow of Midlothian, Virginia and its popularity and participation increases every year.
The dates for Fashion Week, in March and October, are determined by the China Fashion Federation.
The 48th World Science Fiction Convention, was ConFiction, which was held in The Hague, Netherlands 23rd-27 August 1990 at the Netherlands Congress Centre.
The series was taped in front of a live audience at The Berkeley Church in Toronto, Ontario.
The show typically attracts a total of 150,000 to 160,000 spectators over the weekend.
The RockNess organisers held a DJ competition throughout Scotland to find new DJ talent.
The festival has an attendance of 10,000 people each night.
Typically there are over 175 hours of programming on all aspects of pop culture over the weekend.
In 2013, Taste of Edmonton introduced Sip 'n Savour, which added programming such as culinary workshops, culinary adventures, and evening pop ups during the festival.
The San Francisco Comedy Competition is a stand-up comedy contest held each September in San Francisco, California, and neighboring areas of Northern California.
The open access policy is similar to that of the Adelaide Fringe and Edinburgh Fringe festivals.
The 2009 conference hosted in Seoul was attended by over 850 officials from 28 countries.
Presentations at the conference cover such topics as social commerce, digital marketing, mobile commerce, customer relationship management, and free and open-source software.
The 2017 State Fair will be from September 8 through September 17.
The Ansan Street Arts Festival is an annual street festival held every May in the city of Ansan, South Korea.
Tourist organization of Serbia awarded the Festival with the award Tourist Flower, in the category Cultural-tourist manifestation contributing to tourism.
FunnyFest has inspired others to copy its success.
With approximately 1.5 million visitors each year, the CNE is Canada’s largest annual fair and the fifth largest in North America.
The Zwarte Cross Festival is the biggest paid festival in the Netherlands, and the biggest motor event in the world.
The event is organized by Reed Exhibitions.
In addition to those staying on the fair grounds, daily visitors come for rides, food, bingo, animal shows, livestock contests and concerts.
Bubonicon is an annual multigenre convention in Albuquerque, New Mexico, typically held during the last weekend of August.
Guests for the 2010 convention were Johnny Yong Bosch, Robert Axelrod, Spike Spencer, Eyeshine, and The Man Power.
Since 2015 the race had been sponsored by the NE1 business development company.
The event was first held in 2001 and is produced by XIX Events.
Staff-led lectures on the origins of Steampunk, the Crystal Palace Exhibition, and the Historic Fashions in the life of England’s Queen Victoria.
The Indian Civil Aviation Airshow is a biennial air show held in Hyderabad, India at the Begumpet Airport.
Light Up Night is also a time for free music, including many choirs, street performers, and even rock concerts, downtown and in Station Square.
The fair is held annually in late March to early April.
By 2017 however, only three of the 14 productions were Shakespeare's works.
Pakistan won grand prize in 2015 edition of Wiki Loves Earth with the photo of Shangrila Resort, located at Skardu, Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.
These events include Learn-to-Play activities, tournaments, RPG events, Cosplay demonstrations and parties in addition to scheduled and unscheduled individual games.
The show is owned and sponsored by the National Shooting Sports Foundation.
Each pavilion presents a show featuring the song and dance of their culture, along with trademark ethnic cuisine and a cultural display.
The Minnesota Renaissance Festival is one of several such events in the United States owned and operated by Mid-America Festivals.
The Chennai Book Fair is considered to an important event in the Chennai cultural calendar along with the Chennai music season.
In 2016, the dates were changed to a mid-August festival, with the first August fair taking place on the 16th thru 20th.
Yama-Con’s name comes from the Japanese word for mountain.
Eat|See|Hear is an outdoor movie, live music and food truck event series based in Los Angeles, California.
Beginning with the first festival, presentations have showcased street performers, musical works, theater, poetry, fine and graf artists, jugglers, live bands, documentary screenings, and news conferences.
In 2008, the offerings were expanded to include cocktails, That year, the sponsors sought to reach the female demographic.
While in 2014, on ReAnimania’s 6th edition, the figures were quite higher, received over 1000 submission entries from more than 75 countries.
Since 1984, it has been a member of the World Federation of International Music Competitions.
Brickworld consists of both a private convention and a public exposition.
It is staged at the Schomberg Agricultural Fairgrounds.
Each participant of the tournament receives rating points and takes his or her position in the world ratings based on the rank achieved.
is also an official rating tournament of the Dance Sport Federation of Russia.
At ROFLCon 2012, it was announced that there would not be another ROFLCon.
Since 2004, European meetings have been held jointly with the European Conference on Computational Biology.
The Championships were originally held on the Las Vegas Strip but in 2013 they were moved to the Fremont Street Experience in Downtown Las Vegas.
The festival is held in the spring in the town of Laugharne.
Ragstock is an annual concert based in South London.
PDXLAN is the largest computer LAN Party event in the American Northwest.
In 2011, the conference was split into three streams: lighting, projection technology and home automation
Big Dance 2016 will be the final festival bringing Big Dance to a finale after a decade.
It is the oldest county fair in Ohio, first held in 1820 on the Ezekiel Hutchinson farm and in 1855 at the present location.
Many of the craftsmen selling their goods also provide demonstrations on how the items are made.
The 9th edition took place from 13–17 April 2010, in Manizales, Colombia.
It is common to have crowds of over 100,000 on each of the four days of the festival.
Two weekend meetings are held every month: a Business Meeting, and the Other Meeting.
The Nazar Foundation Nazar Foundation is the owner and parent body of the Delhi Photo Festival.
Eleven seasons of Biruchiy contemporary art project were attended by 193 artists and 11 art groups from 14 countries.
Prior to MIPCOM, a spin-off event known as MIPJunior is held, which is devoted exclusively to the children's television industry.
The exhibition is held at Northlands, south of Northlands Coliseum.
The convention is said to have been the place where Sturgeon's Law was first formulated.
Students from above 450 colleges from all over the country participated and a footfall of more than 90,000 people was estimated.
Although various events occur the week prior, the actual street festival typically takes place on the weekend closest to June 10, the official Portugal Day.
The fair is organised by Frankfurter Buchmesse GmbH, a subsidiary of the German Publishers and Booksellers Association.
It recognizes that "the Earth and its ecosystems are our home" and that "it is necessary to promote harmony with nature and the Earth."
The 4th addition in 2013 attendance was capped at 14,000
COMDEX was a computer expo held at various locations in the Las Vegas Valley of Nevada, USA, each November from 1979 to 2003.
It is the longest running fan-run convention of this type in northeast Nebraska.
2015 saw 1,500 multi-arts acts perform across 17 stages.
The Abbotsford International Airshow is held annually on the second Friday, Saturday and Sunday in August at Abbotsford International Airport in Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada.
It is a family event and although the event supports the rescue and rehabilitation of Boxers, dogs of all breeds are always welcome.
However, beginning in 2010 there has been a revival initiative.
It includes festivals that have stopped running.
Currently, the fair is held annually over an 11-day period concluding on Labor Day of each year.
It was a one-day festival from 1999 to 2006, then grew into a two-day weekend event from 2007 to 2010.
The market holds two major shows each year, one in April and another in October, running for 6 days each time.
The competition welcomes cosplayers from Anime / Manga / Games / Comics / Movies / Western Animation genres.
It seeks to inspire new generations of young women and girls.
The second event, Salt Lake Comic Con FanXperience, took place in April 2014.
Bloom continues to blossom and grow each year as Ireland’s largest garden, food and family festival, attracting over 100,000 visitors.
The event is held annually, usually during the summer months, in Spokane, Washington, USA, typically spanning from 3 to 5 days.
These Valas will conclude at the foot of the rock-cross of the church.
Due to illness, the Pushworth team took a break for 2015 and 2016.
From 2014, it is held on the Queens Birthday long weekend in June.
ConCoction as a convention offers several tracks of programming in the arts, costuming, music/filk, literary, media, and the sciences.
This is a list of auditions held for the J-pop group Morning Musume.
Additional, there is Automotive Pioneers Statue unveiling, "Artomotive" competition, Pinewood Derby race and Hot Ride High program.
It was the first of such conventions to be held at that venue.
The Portland Alley Sweeper, also called the Alley Sweeper Urban Enduro, is a motorcycle rally in the city alleys of Portland, Oregon.
Quark is the annual technical festival of BITS, Pilani - K. K. Birla Goa Campus.
The carnivale is named after its mascot Bon Soo, created by Ken MacDougall.
The Florida State Fair is held annually at the Florida State Fairgrounds in Tampa.
Nordic Game is a video game conference held annually in Malmö, Sweden.
However, RFF ceased operation in January 2010.
Trondheim Jazz Festival or Jazzfest Trondheim is an annual music festival held in spring time.
A corraleja is a bullfighting festival in the Caribbean region of Colombia.
The South Texas State Fair is an annual regional state fair held in Beaumont, Texas.
Since 2007, the anime programming has been provided by members of Mu Epsilon Kappa's University of North Texas chapter.
He captained the Regina Victorias when it won the Junior Championship of Canada in 1913 and 1914.
It has a reputation for attracting leading game industry talent to participate, and hosts several national and world gaming championships.
With upwards of 100,000 plus attendees each year Armageddon has become the largest fantasy event in New Zealand.
The Ulster Bank Belfast Festival at Queen's is an annual arts festival held in Belfast, Northern Ireland.
The name means "ten [Swedish] miles" and refers to the total distance run by each team.
The American Birkebeiner is the largest, and one of the longest cross country ski races in North America.
WisCon or Wiscon, a Wisconsin science fiction convention, is the oldest, and often called the world's leading, feminist science fiction convention and conference.
Maghe Sankranti is similar to solstice festivals in other religious traditions.
The Bix 7 Road Race is held annually in Davenport, Iowa, as a commemoration to Davenport native and jazz musician Bix Beiderbecke.
Lakme Fashion Week is a bi-annual fashion event that takes place in Mumbai.
Houstoncon was an annual multi-genre fan convention which was held between 1967 and 1982 in Houston, Texas.
It debuted in 1935 and is part of Worldloppet since 2014.
It takes its name from the French word "festif" meaning "festive".
The FIS race director is a Norwegian ex ski jumper and ex world record holder Lasse Ottesen.
The show attracts up to about 80,000 visitors every year.
To many people in the Greater Toronto Area and the surrounding communities, the CNE is an annual family tradition.
The Model European Parliament is an international simulation of the working of the European Parliament for students aged 16–19.
The main speeches and performances take place on a small stage in front of the Tolpuddle cottages and museum, with audience space on the green.
This event also served as the 31st Canvention, Canada's national science fiction convention.
Brickworld was featured in the 2014 documentary A Lego Brickumentary.
The Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras is one of Australia's biggest tourist drawcards, with the parade and dance party attracting many international and domestic tourists.
It started in 2013 with a series of mini meet-ups and in 2014 a whole convention was held as a big meet up.
Arisias 2007–2010 were held at the Hyatt Regency in Cambridge, MA.
The events include screenings of contemporary short films and feature animated films also from the periphery of mainstream cinema.
The World Cup is held annually, and is considered the premier competition for alpine ski racing after the quadrennial Winter Olympics.
This annual event showcases the very best international and British creativity and craftsmanship through a ‘beyond luxury’ journey-of-discovery.
The event is run by volunteers, particularly the Australian chapter of the Open Knowledge Foundation, and is led by Pia Waugh, head of the national team.
The topic of the conference is centered on internet technology and attendees range from Fortune 500 companies to smaller tech companies.
In a chasing start the overall leader in each class starts first and the remaining competitors start according to the total time they trail.
In 2014 it moved to Melbourne High School, joining Conquest www.conquest.asn.au and Unicon www.unicon.asn.au at that venue.
In 2014, the festival returned to its original one weekend format, selling out pre sale tickets in under five minutes.
The five main vows are emphasized during this time.
Men's and women's events are held together on the same days, with the only difference being the distance skied.
Three nations competed: Canada, Chile and Northern Ireland.
Its concept was created by the Leipziger Messe in cooperation with Bundesverband für Interaktive Unterhaltungssoftware amongst others.
Ceilidhs, all-night bonfires and secret gigs all add to the festival's unique identity.
The festival celebrates the life of Colonel Sanders, founder of Kentucky Fried Chicken.
Lower competitive circuits include the NorAm Cup in North America and the Europa Cup in Europe.
A few men in their seventies have participated in Hoopfest.
The event is celebrated over four days, incorporating the Labour Day long weekend, from Friday to the second Monday in March.
Guests have included authors, actors, directors, producers, and writers from classic and upcoming horror titles.
It began in 1986 as a relaxacon as Toronto Trek Celebration.
The event is mainly held in the Ericsson Globe in Stockholm, Sweden, although a few games may exclusively be hosted in other countries.
Robert Bloch was the Toastmaster for the Hugo Ceremony, and Jerry Pournelle was the Master of Ceremonies for the Other Awards Ceremony.
It includes distinctly branded sections, including GX and SFX, and formerly CNAnime.
As of July 2015 it has raised over £3½ million for the charity.
Animazement is run by unpaid staff and volunteers.
Entertainment and the pride parade are highlights of the day.
The conventions have typically been held in the Las Vegas Valley, Nevada, but have sometimes been held in Silicon Valley.
Seybold Seminars was a leading seminar and "the premier trade show for the desktop publishing and pre-press industry."
Ian Barry at Falcon Motorcycles also unveiled The Bullet Falcon, at the 2008 concours.
The festival is supported among others by Arts Council of Wales, and has been awarded Major Events Status by the Welsh Government.
It is an interdisciplinary conference, with talks focusing on a wide range of issues related to the search for extraterrestrial intelligence.
The Golden Aspen Rally, formerly Aspencade, is an annual motorcycle rally.
The main festival takes place on either side of the town's Main Street.
It started in 2013, and is a music showcase of the annual SXSW music festival in Austin, Texas.
The event is usually done on December 16, and serves as a protest to contemporary national issues.
LFDW provides a platform for buyers, media, and fashion enthusiasts to view collections from leading designers from Nigeria and across Africa.
The Southern California Fair is an annual fair held at the Lake Perris Fairgrounds in Perris, California, United States.
Square Roots is a two- to three-day music festival that has been held each summer in the Lincoln Square neighborhood in Chicago since 1998.
2013 will see the competition in its 10th year.
The first motorcycle meeting at Lake Faak took place in 1998 and was a Harley-Davidson anniversary event at this time.
Other free activities are also available to the public: concerts, parades and hiking routes.
Polcon is the oldest Polish science fiction convention, organized each year in a different place by the local science fiction club.
The Midwest Ski Film Festival is a Film Festival takes place annually in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Aero GP officially started in 2005 in Slovenia.
The convention was the successor to ClipperCon(1984-1989) and was succeeded by Farpoint(1993–present).
The 2012 convention ran from 21–22 January 2012.
The Washington State Fair hosts two annual events: the 21-day Washington State Fair every September, and the four-day Washington State Spring Fair every April.
The competition launched in 1990, touring twenty-nine cities across the United States.
In 2009, for instance, the guests of honor were the living writers Elizabeth Hand and Greer Gilman and the memorial guest of honor was Hope Mirrlees.
Currently, one of the founding members, John Hardie.
The festival aims to create a cultural site on the streets and change them into spaces of art.
The week also contributes to a sense of civic pride about what the region has to offer and how it continues to evolve.
The Festival is housed in the Jay Pritzker Pavilion in Millennium Park section of Grant Park in the Loop community area of Chicago.
It is originally held in São Paulo, Brazil during the month of July, and it has now expanded to Argentina and Chile.
FIL is held every year, starting on the last Saturday in November and continuing for nine days, in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico.
Dimension Jump is a roughly annual convention organised by the official Red Dwarf fan club.
Appearances had also been made by Jeremy Bulloch and Dirk Benedict.
The 37th World Science Fiction Convention was Seacon '79, which was held in Brighton, United Kingdom, 23–26 August 1979 at the Metropole Hotel.
Convencion de Juegos de Mesa y Comics is a multi-genre convention held bi-annually in Monterrey, Mexico by Entretenimiento Creativo SA de CV.
It now offers programming dealing with science fiction, fantasy, pop culture, gaming, anime, comic books and webcomics.
It usually occurs around mid/end of August.
The National Eisteddfod of Wales is the most important of several eisteddfodau that are held annually, mostly in Wales.
It debuted in 2003 with shows only in Båstad, before becoming a touring event in 2004.
Each kreet adheres to a specific theme that has been chosen by that particular school.
Koreaboo again broke news that KCON would be expanding to Australia for the first time, making it the 7th expansion country since KCON launched in 2012.
Since its founding, the Radom Air Show has become the most popular air show in Poland.
Arisia is a Boston-area, volunteer run science fiction convention, named for a planet in the Lensman novels by E. E. "Doc" Smith.
The market has since grown and is now the largest of its kind in Scandinavia.
Brick Fiesta or BrickFiesta is a Lego convention and exhibition held yearly in Texas, United States.
Open Innovations is an annual international forum that focuses on new technologies and perspectives of the international cooperation on innovations.
In 2014, it was merged with the Anime Contents Expo to form AnimeJapan.
The Love Parade was a popular electronic dance music festival and technoparade that originated in 1989 in West Berlin, Germany.
The event will be held at Marina Barrage and free tickets are available.
The Atlanta Fantasy Fair was a multigenre convention which took place once each summer in Atlanta, Georgia from 1975–1995.
The convention attracts professional scientists, educators, space enthusiasts, and science fiction fans.
The name "Otakuthon" is a portmanteau of the Japanese word "otaku" and "marathon".
Frontier Fiesta features free live concerts each night, variety shows by student organizations, carnival booths, multicultural performances, and a BBQ Cook–Off and Bake Fiesta."
The Folk Arts Council of Winnipeg is the organizing body of Folklorama.
ALS Awareness Month is a campaign to spread awareness of and raise funds for research for a cure for ALS.
the Pegasus Parade, one of the largest parades in the United States; and
SXSW is run by the company SXSW, LLC which organizes conferences, trade shows, festivals, and other events.
Hiroshima Dreamination is a winter festival of electric light held in Hiroshima, Japan since 2002.
The first Wiki Loves Earth competition was held in 2013 in the Ukraine as pilot project.
Established in 2007 by filmmakers Shonie and Andee De La Rosa.
ColossalCon, formerly called Cleveland Colossal Convention, is an annual four-day anime convention held during June at the Kalahari Resort and Convention Center in Sandusky, Ohio.
JVF's Community Director Vinod Joshi is its regional advisor.
It is held annually in late May, coinciding with Festspillene i Bergen, and is located at Verftet in Bergen.
The forum covers relevant themes and current challenges from the European business market.
The second DatClave was held in 2008.
Torcon 3 was the 61st World Science Fiction Convention, held in Toronto, Ontario, Canada on August 28-September 1, 2003.
The National Tribal Festival is celebrated by the aborigines & tribal of India in the National Capital Region, of India i.e.
New Music Seminar 2015 took place June 21-23 in New York City.
The festival itself was created by volunteers nearly 20 years ago and is still operated by a volunteer staff.
The Australian International Airshow, also called the Avalon Airshow, is a large air show held biennially at Avalon Airport, between Melbourne and Geelong in Victoria.
Grand prix winning animations include Hungary's The District!, Japan's Tokyo Marble Chocolate, and the Irish-Belgian-French The Secret of Kells.
Total attendance was 8,365, a record and the largest to date.
The event is complete with on site entertainment, activities and food and drink.
GIS 2010 - Signed 107 MOUs for setting up projects worth Rs 2.35 Trillion
Other events occurring in Adelaide during this period include the Clipsal 500.
The mainstays of the display have traditionally been the aircraft from Sir Tim's Alpine Fighter Collection, based at the New Zealand Fighter Pilots' Museum.
It is the largest event of its type in New Zealand, attracting over 150 people.
FallCon is the largest and only boardgame convention in Calgary, Alberta featuring a broad range of modern boardgames and miniatures.
These events gradually became more of the focus of the convention, to the detriment of the panels and workshops.
This conference was pursued by UN peace envoy to Syria Lakhdar Brahimi in cooperation with the United States and Russia.
Palmerfest is an annual block party in Athens, Ohio, usually taking place annually in May on Palmer Street near the city's eastern edge.
Pstereo is a music festival arranged at Marinen, Trondheim, every year in August.
It is arranged by the local culture organization Kulturföreningen Humlan.
Aviation Nation, sometimes referred to as America's Air Show, is the annual award-winning air show of the United States Air Force.
The fair is held on a hundred-acre plot of land just outside the city limits of Fairbanks, in the approximate center of College Road.
Held in September, the festival's mandate is to create a user-friendly environment for emerging Canadian and International Filmmakers.
Some of the other Guests of Honor included Lois McMaster Bujold, Gene Wolfe, George R. R. Martin, Connie Willis and William Gibson.
In 2007 the main stage was called the "We Rock Stage" and the second stage "Eastpak Core Stage".
The latter made a live recording there in 1995.
The London Ribfest is a festival held annually in London, Canada on the weekend of Civic Holiday.
It attracted over 60,000 attendees to its 630,000 square feet of exhibition space in Las Vegas.
Established in 1971, it is one of the oldest pride parades in the United States.
Foods such as jester chips, bread bowls, turkey legs, and gourmet mushrooms are served.
The 2014 Mr. Olympia contest was an IFBB professional bodybuilding competition and part of Joe Weider's Olympia Fitness & Performance Weekend 2014
The Conservative Political Action Conference is an annual political conference attended by conservative activists and elected officials from across the United States.
Saturday is devoted to classic-style with races taking place over 25 km and 50 km.
In addition to performances by military teams such as the Thunderbirds and the Blue Angels, the show also features appearances by civilian aerial performers.
A custom camp currency, illuminated flying objects at night and lock picking contests during the day where accompanied by techno-dj's generating baselines from raw-network modulation data.
The focus is on German language films complemented by a few foreign language productions.
The show is open for trade visitors only.
Red River Exhibition Park was built as a multi-purpose facility on only 90 of those acres leaving almost 400 acres for future growth and expansion.
The Seoul Motor Show is a biennial auto show held at KINTEX, Goyang, Gyeonggi-do.
The last Allahabad Kumbh Mela took place in 2013; the next one is scheduled in 2025, with an Ardh Kumbh Mela scheduled in 2019.
In 2014, a sprint relay was added with two men and two women participating and with starting order woman-man-man-woman.
Don Ford carried out the duties of Chairman, but was officially Secretary-Treasurer; Charles R. Tanner had the honorary title of Chairman.
The gallery focuses on artwork relevant to North Queensland and the Tropics.
2012 highlights included now-popular television star Big Freedia, critically acclaimed noise producer Oneohtrix Point Never and Album of the Year Grammy-winner Todd Edwards.
The convention was created to give Canadians the opportunity to celebrate their love for the Transformers franchise.
In 2012, 2013, and 2014, Taste of Asia was named as one of the top festivals in Ontario by Festivals and Events Ontario.
The cast members dress in renaissance inspired clothing.
ConDFW is a literary science fiction and fantasy convention held annually in the Dallas, Texas, area.
According to Wired Magazine, "If the global human-rights movement were to create its own unified representative body, it would look something like this."
An accessible and immersive cultural experience, London Craft Week’s visitors can eat, drink and view performances, meet artists, designers,
I-CON is a [roughly] annual fan convention, held on various college campuses in Suffolk County, Long Island, New York.
The ILF Samanvay logo is the visual embodiment of the above design concept.
The main venue is the Ruhrfestspielhaus, which has won awards for its architecture.
The chairmen were Suzanne Carnival and Don C. Thompson.
Originally run by local University anime societies, Animania is now organised by Aurora Entertainment, and includes several events in Sydney, Brisbane, Melbourne, and Adelaide.
In turn, Aspen replaced the festival with similar events, the Aspen RooftopComedy Festival and the Aspen Laff Festival.
Oslo International Jazz Festival is a Norwegian music event, held in August, with a focus on music form the jazz genere, performed on stages in Oslo.
It is the largest gathering of bikes and bikers in the Western United States.
The air show is a three-day event and is open to the public for the last two days.
DWCon was first held in 1996 by members of the Usenet newsgroup alt.fan.pratchett.
Velo-city is a forum, the place to be for stakeholders from local, regional and national authorities, politicians, academics, consultants, industrials, and bicycle users.
Eastercon is the common name for the British national science fiction convention.
The UKCCA is a living, breathing, creative space designed by Ash Sakula Architects specifically to unite, engage and support carnival arts.
The National Arts Festival is an annual festival of performing arts in Grahamstown, South Africa.
In 2015, Nepal's temple trust on announced to cancel all future animal sacrifice at the country's Gadhimai festival.
The Arctic Thunder Air Show is an air show and open house event held biennial at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson, Anchorage, Alaska since 1990.
Despite the name, this was the first "IguanaCon".
The name is also transliterated as Sinhastha or Singhastha.
However, since NerdaCon v6 was held on November 11, 2011, each day was extended by 11 minutes, making it end at 11:11 PM.
Rhythm Festival was founded by music promoter Jim Driver.
Festival Of Colours is a concert like event with music and coloured powder.
It has taken place over the four-day Easter holiday weekend ever since then.
The next event in the planning stage is Gatecon The Invasion 2018, back at the Sheraton Vancouver Airport hotel.
Again, as we need an insignia for thinkers who can make relevant changes, the red dot becomes the mark of that awareness.
AnimeIowa is a volunteer run three-day anime convention held each July in Coralville, Iowa by the non-profit Mindbridge Foundation.
The conferences are one of the world's primary forums for the exchange of bicycling expertise.
Shikaras are of varied sizes and are used for multiple purposes, including transportation of people.
INSTALL presents AV installation and integration technologies, and MUSAC is a regional forum for traditional and contemporary musical instruments and accessories.
It was originally organized by The Contemporary Museum, Honolulu and known as “The Contemporary Museum Biennial of Hawaii Artists”.
The final weekend of the festival is normally on the second weekend in July.
The second edition was the 1999 Canada Cup, again in the Commonwealth Stadium in Edmonton, Alberta.
Magnum Opus Con worked on a "membership" basis, which enabled attendees to gain admittance to the convention for the entire weekend.
FlightSimCon is an annual aviation and flight simulation conference held on the grounds of Hartford's Bradley International Airport, just north of Hartford, Connecticut.
It is open to the public for ten days each year, filling 760,000 square feet of exhibit space.
The airshow was first held in 1989 as a single day show, and was planned to be a one-off event, when it attracted 250,000 spectators.
The first two editions of the Delhi Photo Festival were in partnership with the India Habitat Centre and were hosted at the IHC.
Luton International Carnival is a large carnival in Luton, Bedfordshire.
The name is a portmanteau derived from convention and the Japanese word otaku.
It was the first anime con to be held in the Canadian Maritimes.
The regatta is formally opened on the preceding Wednesday evening, although as the regatta has grown, some events start as early as the weekend before.
The special side tents offering off-the-tracks program added to the open atmosphere which was manly driven by mixing technology, art and social aspects together.
Works emphasize mainly paintings and other two-dimensional displays, using a variety of techniques.
Many people in Ansan that are associated with the Street School and AISSA CLUB programs participate in the festival.
Since 2011, the game has been hosted in a different Triple-A city each year.
This spring festival is considered one of the most representative of Trujillo city and honors its nickname of City of the everlasting spring.
The fair was first held in 1852 to showcase agricultural advancements and to entertain patrons.
While it is a freestyle race, there are separate tracks for skiers practicing classic style for all but the narrowest parts of the race.
Working with the organizers of Yuricon, the Shoujo Arts Society later announced a joint event called Onna!
Events at the convention included an address by Willy Ley.
It was the entry point of the Muslim conquest of North Africa.
Unicon outgrew any facilities in College Park and moved to the Silver Spring Sheraton for a successful run into the 1980s.
Vulkon historically attracted 1,000-3,000 visitors from all over the United States.
Otakuthon strives to be a bilingual event, having programming, the masquerade, and the program book in both official languages.
Held annually in Harlem, New York, the Harlem Book Fair features exhibition booths, panel discussions, book sales, and workshops.
It takes place in early March around International Women's Day.
This album's title also became the title for two more Meat Loaf albums.
The Festival was founded in 1976 by Dennis Ouellette, Sr., and later owned and operated by Gerald and Virginia Young .
Attendees engage in a variety of tournament and interactive game sessions.
NRF is also an umbrella group that represents more than 100 associations of state, national and international retailers.
Cardistry-Con is an annual three-day cardistry convention and interactive conference for cardists all over the world.
The majority of staff are volunteers, helping the festival to raise millions of pounds for charity organisations.
Established in 2006, the convention took place at the Cook Hotel and Lod & Carole Cook Alumni Center on the campus of Louisiana State University.
The fair is typically held in the last full week of August.
Pacificon was combined with Westercon, the annual West Coast Science Fantasy Conference, sharing guests of honor and chairmen.
Liverpool City Council is hoping to organise alternative events to replace the show this year
The Festival of Street Musicians is a non-competitive festival, which gathers the street art performers and musicians.
Schools Spectacular 2016 broke the Guinness World Record for "Largest Amateur Variety Act", with 5,500 performers.
The third festival featured the first X-STEM Symposium on April 24, 2014, with interactive presentations and workshops.
Lack of snow has sometimes required the event to be moved to other places.
The keynote speech was given, via pre-recorded video, by Steven F. Scharff, manager of the Microfreedom Index.
Paryushana or Daslakshana is the most important annual holy events for Jains and is usually celebrated in August or September.
The special events that Waves, BITS Pilani, Goa offers include Natyanjali, Fashion Parade and Mr. and Ms.
It is the largest general-interest science fiction convention in New Mexico and among the oldest in the Southwest.
This session on the opening evening will lead the discourse of ‘Insider/Outsider’ forward into the main festival sessions.
In 1999, they were increased to twenty-five minutes.
Officially, the convention was hosted by three cities in the region: Cincinnati, Cleveland, and Detroit, — hence the name "Tricon".
It was founded 2007, and has attracted over 40,000 entrants annually since its inception.
One popular attraction is the night glow, when balloons are inflated and glow to music after dark.
Cancelled after the 2013-2014 season, it was announced on 19 January 2016 that the tournament will restart during the 2016-2017 season.
There are over 100 merchants offering hand crafted wares.
Among the stand-up comedians that participated in the festival include:
Connect Expo is an annual Australian business and ICT trade show held in Melbourne organized by Association and Communications Events in partnership with the Victorian government.
The parade and championship are held in Nagoya, Aichi, Japan with several related events being held in the Kanto, Kansai and Tokai areas.
The exact age of the festival is uncertain.
Also attending were Robert A. Heinlein, Jack Williamson, and Forrest J Ackerman.
The exhibition halls at BEXCO will house more than 170 cars and trucks on display.
The most recent edition of Ultra, in 2016, welcomed 165,000 people to the festival.
Jaime Shulman was VFW's executive director from 2005 - 2008.
The convention featured a large range of pop culture elements, primarily comic books but also television serials, science fiction/fantasy, film/television, animation, toys, and horror.
Due to rising costs, 2012 was the first year that an admission fee was required.
i Light Marina Bay is Asia’s leading sustainable light art festival, held in the Marina Bay district of Singapore.
An estimated 10,000 to 30,000 party-goers dressed in all manner of costume descend upon the City of Athens with a population of 23,832.
During Colorfest a free shuttlebus service is provided to get to and from the parking areas.
Both Ujjain and Nashik fairs adopted the Kumbha myth from the Haridwar Kumbh Mela.
The festival has been credited as a factor in keeping the anti-folk movement "vital, evolving and inclusive of what is now a generation of artists."
The beauty pageant is well described in "The Strawberry Girls" by Anne Hull, which appeared in the New Yorker magazine, August 11 & 18, 2008.
The convention was founded by members of the University of Wisconsin–Eau Claire Anime Appreciation Society.
Friday 11 June - Neil Marshall Retrospective @ The Screen, Winchester
Originally taking place at the city's CenturyLink Field, the venue changed in 2008 to its current home at the Washington State Convention and Trade Center.
It is held over Memorial Day weekend in the San Francisco Bay Area, California.
In the past, their funds have been distributed to organizations such as Tuesday’s Angels, the Pride Center at Equality Park, and Buzzy’s Boys.
SummerTyne Americana Festival is an annual music festival held in July since 2006.
Strategicon is a series of gaming conventions held in Southern California, focusing on role-playing games, Board Games, card games and miniatures gaming.
Displays include animation, television, fantasy role-play, and renaissance reenactment.
The Festival's artistic director is Michaela McGuire.
Authors, librarians, and buyers for book retailers also attend the event.
The supporting organization was San Francisco Science Fiction Conventions, Inc.
The European Aquatics Championships is the continental Aquatics championship for Europe, which is organized by LEN—the governing body for aquatics in Europe.
The Royal Melbourne Show is an agricultural show held at Melbourne Showgrounds every September.
Web Summit runs events throughout the world including F.ounders, RISE in Hong Kong, Collision in New Orleans, SURGE in Bangalore and MoneyConf in Madrid.
During its operation, the grounds are transformed via decorative props, thematic music, eerie lighting to further create its scary atmosphere.
The fair has been held in conjunction with the Sussex County Farm and Horse Show since 1999 and draws 220,000 residents annually.
The competition which involves human 'birdmen' attempting to fly off the end of a pier into the sea for prize money.
The Pepper Jelly Festival is a celebration of rural life and traditions in western Alabama.
U2 were initially announced as headliners, but withdrew on 25 May 2010 citing Bono's recent back surgery.
It takes place during the first weekend of August, and attracts over 100,000 visitors to eight entertainment stages on 29 acres in and beyond Coffman Park.
For more information on Bord Bia, please log on to www.bordbia.ie
From 2005 to 2011, Readercon was the official venue for presentation of the Rhysling Award.
The Laugharne Weekend concentrates on literature and music, drawing largely from writers and musicians from Wales or who have a connection with Wales.
Originally named "Otakucon", the convention was renamed to "Kunicon" after controversy erupted over the name being similar to Otakon, an anime convention held in Baltimore, Maryland.
The festival has occurred every year on Labor Day since its inception in 1986.
The Leskovac Grill Festival is a yearly grilled-meat festival organised in Leskovac, Serbia at the beginning of September.
Expozine has showcased work from notable small press writers and publishers such as Invisible Books, Broken Pencil, Maisonneuve, New Escapologist, Kate Beaton, and Drawn and Quarterly.
The Christmas Adventure is a seasonal event held at the 2,000-acre Stockeld Park estate in North Yorkshire.
It most recently was run in 2007 after a six-year hiatus.
Anime Festival Wichita is an annual three-day anime convention held in June or July at the Hyatt Regency Wichita in Wichita, Kansas.
Each year, the three-week event offers dozens of performances, events, activities, exhibitions, parties and more, with eclectic music, dance, theater, film, visual arts and family fun.
It was inaugurated in 1922 in the Coliseum, on the grounds of Exhibition Place.
Loosely based on a theme, each year's event offers panels and workshops related to small press comics along with the opportunity to buy and sell them.
The speakers at this camp are eminent scientists and mathematicians.
This Pushkaram is observed for a period of 12 days from the time of entry of Jupiter into Mithuna rasi.
A ‘Chill Out Sunday’ usually follows which includes sports, arts and culture events across the city.
The festival has been held every August since 2003, and is organized by The Calgary Fireworks Festival Society.
The competition is judged by a panel of local DJs and industry experts.
The winner of the international final event receives a $250,000 modeling contract with Ford Models.
An expansion adds direct touch experiences with contemporary technologies such as virtual reality, self-driving cars, the internet of things, and robotics.
It debuted in 1932 and has been a part of Worldloppet as long as Worldloppet has been around.
The first recorded regatta was in 1822 and the regatta was formally established in 1834.
Women participating in the event, however, is not unheard of.
Summa Cabaret which featured Hugh Jackman, Geraldine Turner, and the ensembles Combo Fiasco and The Great Big Opera Company.
SpoCon is a full-spectrum science fiction and fantasy convention held annually in Spokane, Washington, USA.
It has expanded to also take up the Enercare Centre and remains an important exhibit for livestock breeders.
The convention featured exhibitions of art by professional and amateur graphic artists, introductory role-playing sessions, film projections, talks and lectures, etc.
The organization was a branching off of the Science Fiction League of Iowa Students, which was founded by author Joe Haldeman.
Political debates are also held in some of the tents.
The festival was started in 2004 and attracts over 3,000 attendees with musical acts from Africa and the United Kingdom.
It meets once every four years, hosted by the International Mathematical Union.
The Oklahoma State Fair is a fairly large fair and exposition in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
Further Confusion donated over $100,000 to various charitable beneficiaries in the period 1999-2008.
In 2014, over 150,000 people attended the festival, making it one of Perth's largest street festivals.
The convention is run and organized by La Société d'Animation Japonaise de Gatineauα and is one of two anime conventions in the Ottawa-Gatineau Area.
One resident said that the mostly small-displacement dual-sport motorcycles and scooters "sound like tanks".
An Ardh Kumbh Mela is held six years after a Kumbh Mela.
These fairs run throughout the summer, from spring to fall.
It is currently held at Tokyo Big Sight twice a year, in spring and autumn, and also once a year in Osaka.
The fair also showcases the best of Texas Country music with nightly concerts free with admission to the fair.
The festival started in 2006 as a tenth-anniversary showcase for Insubordination Records, and has been held every summer since.
Desert Runners, directed by Jennifer Steinman, follows four participants as they attempt to complete the series in 2010.
London Film and Comic Con is a convention held annually in London that focuses on films, cult television, gaming, anime.
MomoCon is a fan convention held in March or May in Atlanta, Georgia.
In 2010, an independent olympiad was created and has taken place every year since.
Well-preserved remnants of wooden houses and traces of pavements were discovered by archaeologists, who suggested opening a museum of ancient Opole on the spot.
Over 13,000 people are expected to attend the 2015 convention, being held from July 9 - 12.
"Dapper Day" is a registered trademark and Dapper Day events are not associated with The Walt Disney Company.
The Fair is considered the most important event in the Arabic publishing world.
Further announcements took place between March and May.
It is the world's leading annual retail event, bringing together 27,000 retail professionals and vendors from more than 80 countries for educational and networking opportunities.
The first three days are restricted exclusively to trade visitors; the general public can attend on the weekend, for a fee.
The Piping Centre also produces and releases albums around the festival, such as Seudan by the band of the same name in 2011.
The Lompoc Valley Flower Festival is an annual flower festival held in the city of Lompoc, located northern Santa Barbara County, California.
The Southbank Centre has been listed in the Times Top 50 employers for women.
Kilometroak is a festival organized every year on the first Sunday of October to reach out to the ikastolas in Gipuzkoa, Basque Country, Spain.
Fright Nights is a seasonal Halloween event held at Warner Bros. Movie World on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.
No official MLB All-Star Game was held in 1945 including the official selection of players due to World War II travel restrictions.
The Regional Conflicts Task Force extended the sustained dialogue model, based on the Dartmouth experience, to conflicts in Tajikistan and Nagorno-Karabakh.
The convention was held in the Metro Toronto Convention Centre, as well as the Fairmont Royal York and Crowne Plaza hotels.
FIS plans to start a women's continental cup from the 2017-2018 season.
The Gidi Culture Festival provides a venue for live bands, DJs, and musical acts to perform.
Dealers:GMT Games, Worthington Games, Columbia Games and others.
All organising members of the festival are current students of IIT Madras.
The End of Summer Concert Series features 19 nights of first-run musical entertainment and freestyle motocross.
The show included an autograph area, as well as an Artists' Alley where comics artists signed autographs and sold or did free sketches.
Open House Melbourne is an event held in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia that showcases many of the city's buildings to the public.
The University of Maryland Science Fiction Club was the organizing body.
Friday morning and afternoon slots were added in 2005.
Featured shows include Theatre in the Ground, jousting with the Knights of Valour and Shane Adams DaVinci Bros.
Formatted as a "relaxacon", it drew 81 guests, and lost money.
Among the locations were the Harris Theater in Pittsburgh's Cultural District among others.
It is organised by the Chilean Chamber for Books.
The subject of the statues varies and often features an event, famous building or person from the previous year.
The series consists of six concerts on Wednesday evenings.
Chapter 41" of the United States Office of Personnel Management.
IgroMir is the first large-scale annual exhibition of computer and video games in Russia, organized by the committee of the Russian Game Developers Conference.
Featured programming included a writers track, an art show, a dealer room, a masquerade, and a play put on by the Penguin Playhouse Troupe.
The category filled with six nominations due to a tie for fifth place.
Alfaaz is the biggest literary festival of North East India and is also the biggest, scale wise, when compared to any engineering institute in India.
This session, among others, has ensured more youth participation in the organization of the festival.
The bride still attends the festival regularly as a steward.
The New Jersey State Fair is a non-profit agricultural fair held every August at the Sussex County Fairgrounds in Augusta, New Jersey.
The fair regularly has attendance over 200,000 people per year.
Competitors may use any programming language and development environment to obtain their solutions.
The Quick Chek New Jersey Festival of Ballooning has been held annually at the Solberg Airport in Readington Township, New Jersey since 1983.
Phoenix Comicon has also begun to expand programming into the surrounding hotels, including the Hyatt Regency, Marriott Renaissance and Sheraton Phoenix Downtown Hotels.
Organized by A.C.F.F., Ltd., the convention was a nonprofit entity designed to promote the fantasy genre in the American Southeast.
It was founded as the Canadian National Anime Expo in 1998 by Hobby Star Marketing Inc.
In its current form, it began in the 18th century when the Maratha ruler Ranoji Shinde invited ascetics from Nashik to Ujjain's local festival.
It is held once a year in Cusset, Allier since 1999.
The Community Cup is an annual charity event held in Melbourne, Australia which features a celebrity Australian rules football match.
The Resolution was introduced by The Plurinational State of Bolivia and endorsed by over 50 member states.
The first edition of Otakuthon was held in 2006 in mid June, but later moved to early-mid August / late July from 2007 onward.
Participants build a temporary city called Pyropolis; all of the structures in this city are dismantled and removed at the end of the event.
The Harvest Festival comes under the ambit of what is known as Momolianism, the belief system and life philosophy of the Kadazan-Dusun.
The event is described as fashionable outings to Disney Parks that are intended to celebrate the tradition of "stepping out in style".
The Seville Fair is held in Andalusian capital of Seville, Spain.
The Grange Fair is an annual fair and camping event held in Centre Hall in Centre County, Pennsylvania each year since 1874.
Battle for the Tiara is the original name for the Aid For AIDS fundraiser, Best In Drag Show, held annually in Los Angeles.
Ojai participants have included Tony Award– and Pulitzer Prize–winning writers as well as first time emerging voices.
Located in the Willamette Valley, the site is about 13 miles west of Eugene along the Long Tom River near the unincorporated community of Elmira.
On 18 January, 2013 organisers announced the addition of a loch side camping area to the festival site.
Maker Faire is an event created by Make magazine to "celebrate arts, crafts, engineering, science projects and the Do-It-Yourself mindset".
The name of the fairgrounds was changed to "The Puyallup Fair and Events Center."
Attendance has since swelled to over a half million people.
It retains vestiges of these traditions, such as the Green Fields area, which includes sections known as the Green Futures and Healing Fields.
This festivities begin on the Tuesday before Thanksgiving and ends on the Canadian Thanksgiving Monday.
Taylor and Roshi Fernando., Sashi Tharoor, Shyam Selvadurai etc.
Although less widely recognised, World Championship events are also held in
Comedy week was an event that ran from May 19-25, 2013, and brought "the best of UK and US talent together on YouTube."
Keynote speakers at Northern Voice included Anil Dash, Matt Mullenweg of WordPress, Nora Young of CBC Radio, Chris Messina, April Smith and Chris Wilson.
The National Astronomy Meeting is an annual scientific conference of astronomers, usually held in the British Isles.
HeliRussia is an important event in Russian business.
The festival is produced by the Gresham/Mt.
the festival was increased to two days, had additional stages and capacity was increased to 35,000.
The Pushkaram is observed for a period of 12 days from the time of entry of Jupiter into Virgo.
Windycon is a science fiction convention held in Lombard, Illinois, on the weekend closest to Veterans Day.
The non-material sponsor is German Agricultural Society.
The decision to hold the conference was made by UN General Assembly Resolution A/RES/64/236 on 24 December 2009.
In 2016 the show beat both national and international records, when more than 150.000 spectators visits Skrydstrup airport.
The Northern Lights Pinball Show is a part of Play Expo, held at Event City in Manchester, England.
The event aims to showcase artistic vision – from runway choreography, setup, music, to visuals and models.
The festival attracts significant numbers of local and international visitors and is one of the biggest contributors to the economy of the region.
Past SIGGRAPH conferences have been held in Los Angeles, Dallas, New Orleans, Boston, Vancouver, and elsewhere in North America.
The number of attendees grew rapidly, with numbers reportedly rising to 600 in 2005 to 1060 in 2006, 7,400 in 2007 and 60,000 in 2008.
It was at this Worldcon that the idea for the Hugo science fiction awards was first proposed and adopted.
Saturday 12 June - Treey Jones Retrospective [plus Q&A with Terry Jones] @ Theatre Royal, Winchester
The climactic scenes of the 2009 film Morris: A Life with Bells On, a mockumentary about morris dancing, were filmed at the festival.
Americade also offers a large motorcycle trade show, TourExpo, located in two locations in Lake George: Million Dollar Beach and The Forum.
At Otakon 2016, it was revealed that Otakon will be at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center until Otakon 2024.
"Kumbh" in its literal English translation means "Pot", which emerged from "Samudra Manthan"(Churning of the Ocean) between Gods and Devils.
Each convention has a central theme to it.
The autumn/winter event is held in February/March of each year, and the spring/summer event is held in September/October of each year.
To attract tourists from Serbia and abroad, the tourist organization organizes every year attractive concerts, fashion shows, carnivals, Miss Election during the period of Roštiljijada Festival.
In 2013, Fan Expo Canada's parent company Hobby Star Marketing was acquired by Informa Canada Inc, which now organizes the event.
Aarhus Festuge is a 10-day arts and culture festival in the city of Aarhus, Denmark.
The theatre festival was conceived as a way to use the Adams Memorial Theatre on the Williams campus for a resident summer theatre company.
Festival Internacional de Quadrinhos is an comic convention held in Belo Horizonte, Brazil, every two years.
Miss La Libertad is a beauty contest that selects the representative for the La Libertad Region in the Miss Peru pageant.
The first event began with MerpCon I in 2005, transitioning to Tolkienmoot in 2009, and continuing each year.
The Values Voter Summit is hosted by the Family Research Council with numerous conservative organizations sponsoring or otherwise participating in the conference.
Electric Zoo received International Dance Music Awards nominations in 2010, 2011, 2012, and 2013 for "Best Music Event".
Otakon announced that an additional new convention would be created in Las Vegas, Nevada starting in 2014.
Its founder and artistic director is Omar Sangare.
It is generally held each April, about two weeks before the first Saturday in May, or Derby Day.
Events are usually organised by quality professionals based within organisations and are designed to spread the ‘importance of quality’ message to non-quality professionals.
The 2009 Festival featured 63 productions, out of which 51 are from India and 12 are overseas plays, over a span of 12 days.
Game Market is a Japanese gaming convention featuring "analog games" that do not require electricity, such as board games and card games.
Pride Winnipeg currently consists of a president, vice-presidents, directors, coordinators, and managers.
In 2011 Wyvern Lingo won the competition and won a spot at the soul picnic.
This was repeated in following years and evolved into 'Dress Up Sunday'.
I-CON was jointly held by ICON Science Fiction, Inc., a tax-exempt educational foundation, and the I-CON Campus Chapter of Stony Brook.
Phish Communications managed the 2003, 2004 and 2006 editions of the festival.
Kinnernet is an annual networking event for Internet professionals, held at the Ohalo Resort in Israel in the Spring since 2003.
Costumes range from cheap party store items to high-quality theatrical costumes.
Competitions, presentations, exhibitions of vanguard painting and sculpture are held within the limits of the festival.
Comedy is the largest section and the one that in modern times has the highest public profile, due in part to the Edinburgh Comedy Awards.
In 2016, Stephanie Taylor took over management of the program.
The Film North – Huntsville International Film Festival is a film festival that takes place annually in Huntsville, Ontario, Canada.
The first comic book convention held in the Orlando area, OrlandoCon billed itself as a "Central Florida comic art convention and early TV/film festival."
The bishounen are male volunteers who represent the attractive characters shown in Yaoi manga, and run many of the events.
The Biennale Foundation has a continuous existence supporting the arts, as well as organizing the following separate events:
2013: Tamora Pierce, Jeffrey Carver, Greer Gilman, N. K. Jemisin, Shira Lipkin, Seanan McGuire, Jennifer Pelland, Jo Walton
Tsubasacon is a three-day anime convention held on a weekend during the fall.
It regularly moves to different host cities; in 2009, it took place in November at the Beurs van Berlage in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
The Tour de Ski is a cross-country skiing event held annually since the 2006-2007 season in Central Europe, modeled on the Tour de France of cycling.
The Special Olympics World Games are an international sporting competition for athletes with intellectual disabilities, organized by the IOC-recognised Special Olympics organisation.
After being run for a number of years by Naval Air Station Brunswick, the even returned in 2011 with an all-volunteer base.
Approximately 130,000 people attended the 2012 event.
The venue is a unique architectural jewel with a long touring history in Europe.
The Jersey Battle of Flowers is an annual carnival held in the Channel Island of Jersey in the second Thursday of August.
It is noted for its cult following, celebrity appearances and media profile.
Short+Sweet is a multi-form arts platform presenting festivals in theatre, dance, music-theatre, comedy and cabaret across Australia and Asia.
The convention hosts panels, workshops, movie showings, music concerts, open gaming, and dance events.
The Boat show was receiving support from Liverpool City Council, The Mersey Partnership and transport companies such as Virgin Trains and Easyjet.
The state fair has been celebrated almost every year since 1853.
It was established in 2005 for several reasons including:
Abhijit Banerjee is a leading tabla player in India.
The Gatineau Loppet, earlier known as Rivière Rouge, Gatineau 55 and Keskinada Loppet, is a cross-country skiing marathon in Canada.
The 2016 event featured over 100 buildings.
Northern Voice 2005 - February 19, 2005
The convention moved to Charlotte in 2012.
It is free to the public and is home to a variety of multicultural performances, food vendors, and artisans.
From 2003 to 2009 and in 2011 the convention included the anime convention Animecon, which boosted the convention's attendance and public visibility significantly.
The 2nd World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Chicon I, was held September 1–2, 1940, at the Hotel Chicagoan in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
It is the main tourist-attracting event in the town.
NAIDOC Week is an Australian observance lasting from the first Sunday in July until the following Sunday.
The trophy is given to the driver who has won the competition three times.
The event, which lasts five days, attracts thousands of entries each year and is now in its seventh edition.
BrickCon is not affiliated to the LEGO company.
The festival was the brainchild of Columbia University physicist Brian Greene and his wife, Emmy Award-winning television journalist Tracy Day.
The Handel Festival in Halle an der Saale, Saxony-Anhalt, is an international music festival concentrating on the music of George Frideric Handel in the composer's birthplace.
The Bon Soo Winter Carnival is a remnant of French Canadian culture, tracing its roots back to the Montreal Carnivale.
India Is is a series of photography and video challenges organized by the Public Diplomacy Division of the Ministry of External Affairs, Government of India.
The convention returned to the Anaheim Convention Center in 2017 after a one-year stint in Los Angeles.
Every year more than 500,000 attendees enjoy the National Cherry Festival, which is now in its 90th year.
According to Hindu mythology, Vishnu dropped drops of amrita at four places, while transporting it in a kumbha.
Vendors sell food and range of items such as toys, candles, clothes and jewelry.
Considered the largest and most important dairy cattle show in North America, it has been held in the first week of October since 1967.
There have been 10 double-LP series of live recordings from the Bratislava Jazz Days festival 1976–1989, recorded by the Czechoslovak Radio Bratislava and released by Opus.
The event held March 3-6, 2016 was the eighth Gary Con.
The convention chairman was Walter J. Daugherty.
preceding the Robot Wars TV series by more than decade.
The festival has hosted several of the most prominent musicians, ensembles and composers in the Sweden and abroad.
After a poor lineup and diminishing interest, organizers for Bayfest announced its ending just two weeks before its planned 2015 festival.
Freethought Festival is a student-run freethinking convention held annually in Madison, Wisconsin by the student group Atheists, Humanists, and Agnostics at the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
The Philadelphia Inquirer described it as an "anti-left nirvana."
The city of Athens has traditionally charged for parking at the Fairgrounds as a way to offset the costs of additional police and emergency response teams.
It is a Hindu festival, organized once every 12 years.
DHSI now attracts over 600 participants for two weeks of courses, forum discussions, paper sessions, and unconferences.
It was named to correspond to the Bandy World Cup for men's club teams.
The Alaska State Fair is an annual state fair held in Palmer, Alaska, United States.
Yuri's Night is named for the first human to launch into space, Yuri Gagarin, who flew the Vostok 1 spaceship on April 12, 1961.
Other notable attendees included Muppets creator Jim Henson and actor Jeff Pomerantz.
It is the largest 2-day regatta on the Inland Rivers System, with more than 2,000 athletes rowing from over 75 universities, colleges and high schools.
The festival especially attracts foreign tourists as the shops offer tax free shopping.
The Hungarian Festival is a one-day event held the first Saturday of June in Fifth Ward in New Brunswick, New Jersey.
It is taking place every first full moon of the year at Geilo, Norway.
From 1993 to 1997 the parties were held at the Global Village in suburban, Footscray.
At the Satoland site, visitors can enjoy long snow and ice slides as well as a huge maze made of snow.
The event, initially named as GSM World Congress and later renamed as the 3GSM World Congress, is still often referred to as 3GSM or 3GSM World.
Individual and pair entries are accepted, but all write the same paper for their grade.
The show's charity partner is the Teenage Cancer Trust to which a significant donation is made each year.
Denver Comic Con is a 3-day multigenre convention held annually in Denver, Colorado, in the United States.
Thursday 5 May – I Confess @ Winchester Cathedral, Winchester
Hosted in winter time, and free to attend, the festival typically comprises a number of light art-installations, as well as illuminating iconic buildings and locations.
In 2011 surpassed visitors to events like Comic-Con in San Diego and is now considered the biggest comic convention in America.
Total cumulative attendance since 2008 as of 2016 is 1,117,950.
Google Developers Live is the live, streaming content for the developers and Google developers on many of Google's platforms.
Qutub Festival is a three-day festival usually held in November–December in the Qutub complex in the Indian metropolis of Delhi organized by Delhi Tourism, Govt.
It will be closed on Tuesdays under this schedule revision.
It was founded in 1922 and it grew into a center of Handel studies and performance in Europe.
Jones, the Trans Atlantic Fan Fund winner, replaced Ted White.
The 2008 World Science Festival was a science festival held in New York City.
It is the world's third largest annual conglomeration of books after the Frankfurt Book Fair and the London Book Fair.
It features amusement rides, food concessions, competitive exhibits, contests and live performances.
Among the attractions is a chain saw carving competition.
Gamaya is the national level multi-technical fest organized by college union, NSS College Of Engineering, Palakkad.
Modeled on and associated with Burning Man, Flipside is First created Regional Burns.
Beyond The Border Wales International Storytelling Festival is a Wales-based international arts festival dedicated to celebrating the retelling of the world’s traditional stories.
The conference was organized by members of the Vancouver blogging community, who attempted to keep the event accessible to as many people as possible.
1843" for the year of the first Plunderathon.
These four places, including Ujjain, are identified as the present-day sites of the Kumbh Mela.
The festival kicks off with the Mayor's Luncheon.
Games Convention Asia serves as an entryway for companies trying to enter the Asian interactive entertainment market.
The festival programme offers classical music, jazz, folk to indie, literature and drama, film, dance, workshops and free events.
It has been decided to organize it in the capital mainly for economic reasons.
The food offerings include items such as jambalaya, pastalaya, fried and grilled alligator, funnel cakes, Hamburgers, French fries, hot dogs plus other local, homemade dishes.
The fair was first established in 1889 and is the nation's largest campground fair.
The Castro Street Fair was founded by Harvey Milk, and the group he led, the Castro Valley Association, in 1974.
Other observers criticize the retreat for being held in New York instead of within Pennsylvania.
Tornedalsloppet is an annual ski marathon held in Övertorneå, Sweden.
The 2009 event sought to reach an even broader audience, especially younger individuals.
FutureM is an annual two-day marketing conference; a series of events, discussions and parties throughout the Greater Boston, Massachusetts, United States, area.
The Durham Miners' Gala is a large annual gathering held on the second Saturday in July in the city of Durham, England.
Most years, one of the guest artists creates their own variation on the logo for the convention.
The event, organized by the Entertainment Software Association, took place at the Los Angeles Convention Center from June 14–16, 2016.
The event, which debuted in 2008, is San Antonio's first major anime convention and has developed into the largest Japanese fan-oriented convention in the city.
It was conceived as an "experiential marketplace for spirits."
It is the manifestation of the concept of ancestor worship that the Ahoms share with other peoples originating from the Tai-Shan stock.
It was the first anime convention in South Carolina and Nashi stands for Nippon Anime Society of Heavenly Imagery.
The foreign participating countries in 2005 included Germany, Australia, France, United Kingdom, Italy, The Netherlands, Russia, Ukraine, Switzerland, Sweden, Belgium, Malaysia, and United Arab Emirates.
NFFTY brings very young through college age filmmakers together for cross mentoring and networking with industry professionals.
DPE considers the IOCT to be one of the best evaluations of total body fitness given in the Army.
The First Hong Kong Book Fair was held in 1990 and this year is its 28th year.
There is an old tradition that on the last night of the festival a lot of the men dress up as women.
The festival stages more than 400 performances each year that attract more than 300,000 visitors from throughout the United States and more than 60 countries.
Its emphasis is on World War I aircraft including as many as seven Fokker Dr.I triplanes.
It is organised by SELL, a French organisation that promotes the interests of video game developers.
Seafest is a festival in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia which celebrates life by the sea.
The 2008 show drew over half a million visitors.
Founded by members of the Iowa Bacon Board, the festival sold 200 tickets to the first festival in 2008.
The Yarmouth Clam Festival is an annual three-day event which takes place in the American town of Yarmouth, Maine, during the third weekend in July.
In 2005 Colorfest was recgonised as one of the top 35 arts and craft shows in the United States by Sunshine Artists Magazine.
Mark Twain was "channeled" by Jon deCles.
Since 1989 it has taken place in the Bavarian forest, near the Czech border, where snow is guaranteed.
The club grew through a huge mailing list, word-of-mouth, and Georgia Tech community support.
It runs for 10 days, ending the last weekend of July.
In September 2015 Paddy Cosgrave, Web Summit co-founder and CEO, announced that Web Summit would be held in Lisbon starting in 2016.
The fair has carnival rides, agricultural expositions, government and commercial exhibitions, and a variety of musical and performance entertainment.
Since 1993, the airshow was renamed as MAKS and is held biennially on odd years.
Established in 1963, its traditional patrons include Polskie Radio and Telewizja Polska, as well as the Society of Friends of Opole.
Traditional events included screening rooms devoted to Japanese animation, with over 175 hours of other programming on all aspects of pop culture.
The Pacific Science Center hosts the event in its IMAX theater which resides on the campus of Seattle Center.
Photos from the Dubai Motor Show 2005:
Together with the Sopot Festival it is one of the two most important music festivals in Poland.
The venue was the Conway Hall, and the registration charge was £10.
Junior Livestock Auction and still exhibits, such as photography, food items, artwork, homemade wine and homebrew are all on display throughout the Fair’s four-day run.
NASFiC bids voted on by the Worldcon membership the year after a non-North American Worldcon site has been selected.
The Electronic Entertainment Expo 2011, commonly known as E3 2011, was the 17th Electronic Entertainment Expo held.
The 10th World Science Fiction Convention was held on Labor Day weekend from August 30 to September 1, 1952, at the Morrison Hotel in Chicago, Illinois.
The aerodrome is now known as Dunsfold Park and owned by The Rutland Group.
From 2007 until 2009 Leslie Hawthorn, who has been involved in the project since 2006, was the program manager.
"Redneck Games" is also the name of a duet song by comedian Jeff Foxworthy and country music artist Alan Jackson.
To date MerpCon has been held each year in Spokane, WA, USA.
Culrav is a cultural festival of Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology, Allahabad.
Arab Health is a healthcare conference and trade show in the Middle East.
Zoobomb is a weekly bicycling activity in Portland, Oregon, United States during which participants ride bicycles rapidly downhill in the city's West Hills.
Kuthiyottam and Kettukazhcha are the highlights of the festival.
The programme subsequently grew to become a "business-friendly" event utilising cultural diplomacy.
It is held at the Sooke Community Hall on Vancouver Island, Canada, every September.
Originally developed as an offshoot of the Yale Indonesia Forum, it is now maintained independently.
It is organized by the Royal College Union in collaboration with the Government of Sri Lanka.
The Wing Bowl is traditionally held on the Friday before the Super Bowl.
Ghantapatuas perform in a group of two or four  perform wearing dresses that resemble women's dresses.
It is held annually on the first Sunday in May.
The newly named PotashCorp Fringe Theatre Festival is an annual fringe theatre festival in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.
The first COMDEX was held in 1979 at the MGM Grand, with 167 exhibitors and 3904 attendees.
Skyfire is an annual March fireworks show held over Lake Burley Griffin in Canberra, Australia since 1989.
It includes a large, paid, bring-your-own-computer computer gaming event with a competitive tournament held every year in Dallas, Texas, USA.
ShadowCon is the name of a science fiction and fantasy convention held in Memphis, Tennessee, annually since 1997.
The Rashi or the Hindu zodiac sign for this river is Dhanus or Sagittarius.
Active and retired military are encouraged to wear their service uniforms or dress blues; however, other costumes or cosplay are considered more appropriate for other events.
A 2008 Burson-Marsteller survey ranked the forum among the world's top five most influential venues for C-Suite executives.
The festival is owned by the Beaufort Street Network and, since 2012, presented and delivered by festival directors JumpClimb Events.
Kaamatan or Pesta Kaamatan is a form of harvest festival celebrated annually in the state of Sabah in Malaysia.
In 2007 the Dublin City Soul Festival won the Irish Times Living Dublin Award for Culture and Tourism.
Big Dance is a dance initiative in the United Kingdom, which has happened every 2 years since 2006.
Outburst Queer Arts Festival Belfast is Northern Ireland’s annual queer arts festival.
It is claimed to be one of the largest annual fireworks displays in the United States.
It is a free event open to the general public and one of the largest public events in Alaska.
The convention mainly focuses on anime, manga, video games, sci-fi, cosplay & popular media from the United Kingdom, United States and Japan.
The convention suite featured caffeinated Jell-O and ice cream made with liquid nitrogen.
The Nadathur S Raghavan Centre for Entrepreneurial Learning, an incubator of start-ups at IIM Bangalore, supports and aids the students in the conduct of the event.
The festival is owned and operated by YFC, Inc., a non-profit organization.
This article is about the American anime convention with the initials "AN".
The Vulkon franchise was officially put on hiatus shortly thereafter.
Hal-Con Sci-Fi, Fantasy & Comic Convention, commonly known as Hal-Con, was founded in the 1970s and revived in the 2010s.
Delhi Photo Festival is a biennial photography festival organised by the Nazar Foundation in Delhi.
Along with panels, seminars, and workshops with comic book professionals, one of the highlights of Comicon was the Saturday all-night film show.
By 2000, it began to operate under the auspices of the Olympia Rainbow Center while operating as an independent group with a committee and elected officers.
The rights to the name and race were sold to an Australian event company because of its failure in the United States.
Performances take place across the city in approximately 60 venues as well as in various outdoor locations for the street performances.
Back to the Bricks is an annual car cruise run by a group of the same name.
Since its inception, Gatecon raised money for the Make-a-Wish Foundation through a series of auction evenings.
The city is decorated with Christmas lights, trees, among other holiday decorations.
Since 1960 it has met on the evenings of the first and third Fridays of each month in the homes of members.
Typical programming includes panel discussions, a competitive masquerade, fan videos, an art show, filking and celebrity guest appearances.
The Windsor Free Festival was a British Free Festival held in Windsor Great Park from 1972 to 1974.
The Mykonos Bienniale is held every odd year at the start of the summer on the Greek island of Mykonos.
Chattacon is an annual science fiction convention held in Chattanooga, Tennessee.
The 2017 event will be at SAIT.
It is a regular stop for many "warbirds" that make the airshow circuit each year, including the CAF's B-17 Flying Fortress Sentimental Journey.
The Lubbock Arts Festival is an annual arts festival held in April at the Lubbock Memorial Civic Center in Lubbock, Texas.
Techkriti is an annual inter-collegiate technical and entrepreneurship festival organized by the students of Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur.
Reserved seating, VIP packages are available to upgrade your day of music.
The festival had an attendance upwards of 1,000 people.
The New Hampshire Pumpkin Festival, officially the Let it Shine!
The tournament was open both to club teams and national teams.
Calgary's national and international identity is tied to the event.
Tuesday 9 April - Backdraft @ Hampshire & Isle of Wight Fire & Rescue HQ, Winchester
The two-day event featured free camping, free parking, and no service fees for concert-goers.
It began on June 5, 2012, and ended on June 7, 2012, with 45,700 total attendees.
The Critter Crunch is a table top combat robot competition that takes place annually at the MileHiCon science fiction convention.
Held in October, the festival is the premier showcase for ski films from both independent and professional ski film companies.
In 2017, the Festival will take place in London, United Kingdom.
Awards such as the Corman award are presented to films, actors, or directors that excel within their respective categories.
The conference also encourages students to explore the biblical mandate for cross-cultural missions and encourages them to participate in missions.
And, secondly, they are surrounded by recently formed alliances consisting of as yet poorly known stakeholders, which create new spheres of influence.
The Birkebeinerrennet is one of three races held under the Birkebeiner moniker, the other two being Birkebeinerrittet and Birkebeinerløpet.
It is one of the major cross-country skiing events in the Alps.
Supanova is an Australian-made, independent event not affiliated with foreign exposition producers.
This sports meet, usually held around mid-September is a prominent showcase of sporting talents from around the country and abroad too.
Guest speakers are invited to discuss skepticism, science, education, activism, and other related topics.
Pulikkali is a recreational folk art from the state of Kerala.
MIPCOM is slightly better attended than MIPTV.
The guests of honour were Ursula K. Le Guin, Susan Wood, Mike Glicksohn, and Donald Tuck.
It was held on the weekend preceding Memorial Day until 2007 and has since taken place on the following weekend.
It was created by hockey legend Sven "Tumba" Johansson.
JoakimFest is Serbian theater festival of the best theatrical performances of Serbia as per texts by domestic authors.
Net proceeds from the event are donated to local charities including those that support World War II veterans and the preservation of aviation history.
Its exhibitions in the Middle East have attracted numerous participants, most notably in 2009 when Microsoft released Windows 7 with 150,019 people present.
It is one of the largest gaming conventions in New Zealand, and the longest running, having run every Wellington Anniversary Weekend since 1993.
Maryland Deathfest is an American extreme music festival held in or near Baltimore, Maryland during Memorial Day weekend each year.
The 2015 convention in Berlin is called "the largest gathering of Iranians outside the country in more than three decades".
At Samanvay, the workshop sessions are not supplementary but are integral to the exploration of languages outside of the verbal realm, too.
The Kangaroo Hoppet is a 42 km race, and for the purposes of the Worldloppet counts as a main race.
BEA was held at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center in New York City from 2009 through 2015.
The Southern New Mexico State Fair & Rodeo is an annual state fair, held at a permanent fairgrounds in Las Cruces, New Mexico.
Comix Fair was a comic convention that was held annually between 1983 and 1996 in Houston, Texas.
The PSB aims for "critical mass" in sub-disciplines within biocomputing.
The last races of the Regatta are generally the most prestigious: Championship 4s, and Championship 8s.
The Washington Science Fiction Association is the oldest science fiction club in the Washington, D.C. area.
People who attend are fans, authors, agents, booksellers, publishers and other people who read and enjoy mystery and crime fiction.
Spree is the Annual Sports Festival of BITS Pilani, Goa Campus.
Alcheringa, popularly known as "Alcher", is the annual cultural festival of Indian Institute of Technology, Guwahati.
2006 was the 33rd festival and it commemorated the 50th anniversary of the Hungarian revolution.
The event is the second largest of the city, after only Formula One.
Since then the conventions have separated, and the future of the Finnish Animecon is currently uncertain beyond the 2011 combined Finncon-Animecon.
Proceeds from the Street Tickets are donated to various Queensland charities significantly in 2012 to the Wesley HospitalKim Walters Choices Program.
Yamuna Pushkaram is a festival of River Yamuna normally occurs once in 12 years.
Unity Mississippi is the official organizer of the event.
Floriade is a flower and entertainment festival held annually in Canberra's Commonwealth Park featuring extensive displays of flowering bulbs with integrated sculptures and other artistic features.
The parade takes place every year on 26 January at Rajpath, New Delhi.
BAFWEEK is a biannual clothing trade show held mainly in La Rural fairgrounds, Buenos Aires.
The Illinois State Fair is an annual festival, centering on the theme of agriculture, hosted by the U.S. state of Illinois in the state capital, Springfield.
It was previously held in the Astrodome.
Since 1964 it has received government support, and the government Buddy Award was for several years awarded at this festival.
In its 2009 inaugural year, 26,000 people attended to see artists Armin van Buuren, Deadmau5, David Guetta and Ferry Corsten.
D-Con showcases events for fans of anime, art and video game culture.
The chairmen were Roger Sims and Fred Prophet.
The CNAnime brand has now been retired as the entire event has been folded into Fan Expo Canada.
Novemberkåsan is one of Sweden's oldest and biggest motorcycle events.
Families stay in the same tent each year and tent locations are often passed down through generations.
They have only lost twice since 1975.
Traditionally, The Capital City Pride parade and festival was held on a Saturday, but was moved to Sunday in 2007.
Narmada Pushkaram is a festival of River Narmada normally occurs once in 12 years.
World Maths Day is an online international mathematics competition, powered by educational resource provider 3P Learning.
Biketoberfest is an annual motorcycle rally held in the fall in Daytona Beach, Florida since 1991 or 1992.
productronica is a trade fair for electronics manufacturing that has been held in Munich every two years since 1975.
The convention is held in the same location as Anime Central.
Traditionally, four fairs are widely recognized as the Kumbh Melas: the Haridwar Kumbh Mela, the Allahabad Kumbh Mela, the Nashik-Trimbakeshwar Simhastha, and Ujjain Simhastha.
The tradition continues in Summer 2017 with Still Hacking Anyway https://sha2017.org/
The economic impact of New York Fashion Week is estimated at $887 million.
The trade show, which is billed as the leading international business event for the music ecosystem, has been held since 1967.
The video room played around the clock and both gaming rooms were open 24 hours.
Members also include businesses that provide goods and services to retailers, such as vendors and technology providers.
It is the largest and longest-running festival of its kind in the world.
During the first years of existence, only the bands from Czechoslovakia and nearby socialist states attended the festival.
Strategicon events are currently based out of the Hilton Los Angeles Airport Hotel
It features concerts, parades, street parties called ho‘olaule‘a as well as various other special events planned for resident and tourist families.
Anime Boston is an annual three-day anime fan convention held in the spring in Boston, Massachusetts, United States.
There's no entry fee for the visitors attending the convention.
Lumiere is the UK's largest light festival.
The festivities continue into the night with T Dance – an outdoor dance party – featuring some of Melbourne’s and Australia’s most popular DJs.
It is the only ethnic festival in the Philippines.
The 2015 AirSea Show was cancelled due to late preparations and financial instabilities, but it will return on 24-26 June 2016.
By many counts, it was the third-oldest science fiction convention.
Dancers that chose the Latina syllabus must base their routines on such dances as Latina, Samba, Cha-Cha-Cha, Rumba, Paso Doble and Jive.
BabelCon was named for the site of a diplomatic conference in the classic Star Trek episode "Journey to Babel".
Penn State students commonly refer to the event as Arts Fest.
The name "Kumbh Mela" literally means "kumbha fair".
The Calgary Comic and Entertainment Expo is an annual comic and pop culture convention taking place in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
TEDxBermuda is an independently organized, licensed TED conference, held each year in Bermuda since 2011.
LFDW also advocates for the industry with the government as well as potential investors.
Tuckercon was dedicated to the memory of Wilson "Bob" Tucker.
The Mela is a free one-day festival held in Bradford City Park and is part of the Bradford Festival.
The author guest of honor was Esther Friesner and the artist guest of honor was Howard Tayler.
The Date Festival has more than 7000 exhibits and competitions related to the fruit.
Ultra Chile is an outdoor electronic music festival that is a part of Ultra Music Festival's worldwide expansion, which has now spread to twenty countries.
The Arizona State Fair is one of the top 5 state fairs in the country drawing well over a million visitors annually.
The Hopkinton State Fair is an annual fair taking place in the village of Contoocook in Hopkinton, New Hampshire, United States.
The O-Ringen was included in the World Cup orienteering series in 1998, 2007 and 2008.
A-Nation began in 2002 and is held each weekend during August of each year.
There is a real sense of community ownership in the Muster with now more than 35 local community groups involved in the event's success.
Beyond Media was an architecture film festival held in Florence from 1997 to 2009.
Adriatic Boat Show promotes Croatian boat building as well as consolidation of the mega-yacht segment of nautical tourism in Croatia.
The 72nd World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Loncon 3, was held 14-18 August 2014 at ExCeL London in London, England.
The wedding is then disrupted by an appearance of a "Tatar", a reference to the centuries of invasions from neighboring Muslim powers.
The NMS strives to enable more artists to achieve success and encourages new levels of investment in music and artists
The term Etail is a sub-category of eCommerce that deals with online retail.
As of 2017, it is the only Burning Man regional event in the Middle East.
Held at the Pragati Maidan showgrounds in New Delhi in December, 2010 was the fifth edition of the exhibition.
The major floats are usually produced by the parishes of Jersey.
The festival is held over three days during February each year.
In 2008, when the annual Royal International Air Tattoo was cancelled, the Kecskemét Air Show became that year's biggest air show held in Europe.
The Tennessee State Fair and Exposition Commission has granted the Tennessee State Fair to the non-profit organization Tennessee State Fair Association through 2018.
It takes place at Theatre Row on 42nd Street in New York City.
During some seasons the event is the final before the World Cup opens while during other seasons, the event instead occurs between World Cup events.
Friday 13 May – The Evil Dead @ Spinney Hollow, Fair Oak
The twentieth edition of Ultra Music Festival will be taking place March 23–25, 2018.
BabelCon was an science fiction and multigenre convention, held in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
Thursday 10 June - Red Road @ The Discovery Centre, Winchester
The Fêtes de Genève is an annual summer event in Geneva, Switzerland.
As of the 2010 census, the population was 97,032.
The High Point Market Authority coordinates the exposition, whose showrooms have nearly completely filled what had been the historic downtown.
The show is sponsored by Corby's Back Porch Comics, a Columbus small press comics publisher.
2003: Catherine Asaro, Julie Czerneda, Ellen Kushner, Charles Vess
The 2007 Hollywood Book Festival grand prize winner was Will Clarke's The Worthy: A Ghost's Story.
In2014, Samanvay highlighted ‘Translation/Transnation’ focus on Indian languages which have a transnational presence.
The 49th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Chicon V, was held August 29–September 2, 1991, at the Hyatt Regency Chicago in Chicago, Illinois, USA.
The Olympia Pride festival has grown over the years and now approximately 12,000 to 15,000 people attend the contemporary pride festivals.
Self-guided tours through the newly installed interactive exhibit in the National Historic Landmark Factory Building.
The 12 departments are led by the 2 cultural secretaries, who are elected by the institute annually in March.
It was established in 1964 as an indirect successor to the National Air Races.
The festival is sponsored by the Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board, which maintains an on-site wine shop.
Taste of Edmonton was extended from one week, to the current 10 days, in 2011.
Everyone was expected to do their part in making the event a success.
The festival features independent films from around the world in a showcase format usually held on a Saturday evening during the spring.
The Blade Show is an annual tradeshow for the cutlery industry.
It took place in Dores, Scotland from 11–13 June 2010.
The next event will take place in 2017.
Any profits are used to support various other role-playing activities.
The Edinburgh International Festival is an annual festival of performing arts in Edinburgh, Scotland, over three weeks in August.
It is traditionally an annual weekend event held in Halifax, Nova Scotia in Atlantic Canada during the middle of Fall.
Similar parades are being organised at Mahavir/Sadqi border near Fazilka and Hussainiwala/Gandasinghwala border near Firozpur.
The London Critics Group held an annual show called the Festival of Fools.
Its second airshow was held in 2005.
The Abingdon Air & Country Show is an annual air display staged in Abingdon, Oxfordshire.
Beginning in 1984, women biathletes had their own World Championships, and finally, from 1989, both genders have been participating in joint BWCHs.
Event sponsors include IBM, Telus, the British Columbia Government's Innovation Council, and Microsoft.
There are around 70,000-80,000 attendees from over 100 countries.
The festival was part inspired by the Fête des lumières in Lyon.
Notable chairs were Jay Haldeman, Alexis A. Gilliland and Jack Chalker.
eTail Conferences is a series of annual business conferences held globally for senior level e-commerce professionals.
The Taste of the Kingsway is an annual street festival held in Toronto, Ontario.
NorthAmeriCon '79 was the second North American Science Fiction Convention, held in Louisville, Kentucky, on August 30-September 3, 1979, at the Galt House Hotel.
Event attendees can meet guests, purchase autographs and photo opportunities as well as watch panels featuring the guests.
The festival is always opened with performances in the Royal Concert Hall by musicians including The National Youth Pipe Band of Scotland.
Athletes competing in the Continental Cup are usually juniors and jumpers fighting for a spot on their nation's World Cup team.
The first conference was held at the Sandia National Laboratories in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Festival Of Colours is an event that is owned and operated by the Holi Concept GmbH from Jasper Hellmann, Max Riedel and Maxim Derenko.
Unlike most other large shows, UK Games Expo is notable for offering both large areas of free open gaming space and a charity bring and buy.
Autosport International is a four-day event motor-show that includes a two-day dedicated trade show for industry professionals and a two-day dedicated public show for motorsport fans..
RockNess 2010' was the fifth RockNess Festival to take place.
The show is organized jointly by TAITRA, Taiwan External Trade Development Council, and TIFI, Taiwan Industrial Fastener Institute.
The chairmen were Bill Donaho, Alva Rogers, and J. Ben Stark.
Hyderabad will be a permanent venue for this Airshow.
It is now a facility that is opened year round covering various seasonal festivals, races, concerts, car shows, and sporting expositions.
Each rally attendee is presented with badge and usually a slate coaster.
In 2012, the festival hosted around 125 special shape and sport hot air balloons.
Eat|See|Hear's outdoor movies are displayed on the largest inflatable movie screen on the west coast over 3 stories high and 52 foot wide image.
The festival is organized by the Arela Cultural Association and coordinated by the scriptwriter Alfonso Pato.
Drew Knotts, a Plant City High School Senior was crowned 2017 Queen by outgoing Queen, Haley Riley.
In 2011 the 15th edition of this festival took place.
The festival screens premieres of American video art, animation, short films, student films, documentaries and feature films.
The Bates Dance Festival is a dance festival held annually at Bates College in Lewiston, Maine, United States.
Usually held in November, its programming features a mixture of literary, science, gaming, film, anime, and costuming.
It also ran a gaming programme and an art and model show, as well as anime screenings and talks.
The Redneck Games were held in East Dublin, Georgia, annually from 1996 until 2012.
Corporate positions are elected by the voting body in September.
Lucca Comics & Games is an annual comic book and gaming convention in Lucca, Tuscany, traditionally held at the end of October.
Representative countries must be members of the International Orienteering Federation.
TCON hosted events are proposed to the TCON Board of Directors and voted upon by said Board.
It is the largest event of its kind.
The 2015 edition was measured to 116 kilometres along the straight line between the controls.
It was the first fair west of the Allegheny Mountains to offer cash awards in livestock competitions.
Adultcon is a pornographic film trade fair in the United States.
In recent years, a musical performed by members of IFWA, the Imaginative Fiction Writers Association, had been a fixture.
Its mission, revised in 2017, is "Celebrating Star Trek's vision of the future by promoting humanitarianism and STEM education today."
Kosherfest is considered a showcase for food trends and innovations in the kosher-certified food industry.
Its inception with the expanded format was in 2012 when 5,960,862 students from 240 countries and territories around the world competed with each other.
Submissions for works are accepted on even years beginning in January through April.
The event started in 2010, and consists of various music, family, food, fashion and art programs.
Summer events organized already in first season like with men counted together in joined overall winter ranking until 2007/08.
The conventions regularly feature large attendee-run groups that have been known variously as Guilds and Sects.
The next Worldcon was held in 1946.
Other programming includes a book and art auction and an "open" reading.
Alchemy and its sister event Euphoria are now managed by the Georgia non-profit Flashpoint Artists Initiative.
Thursday 10 June - The Wicker Man / Witchfinder General @ The Chapel, The University of Winchester, Winchester
The Chinese Blogger Conference was the first national bloggers conference held in China.
Arab Media Forum is an international media forum organized by Dubai Press Club, founded in 2001 and based at Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Hood Jazz Association which is a non-profit, public-benefit corporation whose goal is to "promote the appreciation of jazz as a unique American art form."
Its collections range from contemporary to Asian art.
The race is over distances of 50 km and 23 km in both classical and free technique.
It takes place in downtown Amman in Roman amphitheater and Odeon amphitheater.
It is the only manga convention in the United States.
The term originates from the Acadian French word meaning "clangour" or "din".
BrickFair is a Lego convention and exhibition held annually in the Eastern United States.
The Coosa Valley Fair is an annual fair in Floyd County, Georgia.
The exhibition was curated by Massimiliano Gioni, one of the most important contemporary Italian art critics and curators.
The Festival is a celebration of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender, Intersex, Queer culture through the arts, sporting, community and political events.
The Electronic Entertainment Expo 2014, commonly known as E3 2014, was the 20th Electronic Entertainment Expo held.
It is part of a non-profit initiative called NewThink, which aims to inspire the youth of Jordan to view the world in different innovative perspectives.
The Festa also hosts parades that go through the city nightly.
is an annual fan-run new media, gaming, and anime convention held during July in Ontario, Canada since 2010.
In 2008, the Games Convention had a record of 203,000 visitors.
In its inaugural year 2012, Stan Lee was its main guest.
Special guests, artists, exhibitors and special contests make the Comiccon suitable for children and adults.
Not only is it popular in the Memphis area, but also in the adjacent states of Mississippi and Arkansas, and even nearby Missouri.
BucConeer was the 56th World Science Fiction Convention, held in Baltimore, Maryland, United States, on August 5–9, 1998.
It usually begins in mid-to-late August, and ends in early September, usually Labour Day.
On Halloween State Street is a gathering place for tens of thousands of party-goers who come from several states.
The Atlantis Casino Resort served as the headquarters/party hotel, with additional rooms supplied by the Peppermill Reno and Courtyard by Marriott.
The 2008 Hollywood Book Festival was held on July 11–12 at The Grove at Farmers Market.
The New Forest Film Festival takes place in the Autumn in the New Forest, Hampshire, UK.
Over 50 hot air balloons from all over the world launch daily at dawn from the forecourt of Old Parliament House and float over Canberra.
Currently, the show in Frankfurt occupies twelve buildings.
Their theory is that we need to take traditional story-telling out of theatre buildings and back to where life really takes place, in the community.
The Ollur forane church, founded in 1718 and dedicated to St Anthony, also houses a famous Shrine of Raphael the Archangel.
In 2015, the attendance was 84,720 and in 2016, it again surpassed 90,000.
The 24th ISCOMS will take place from 6–9 June 2017 and the abstract submission is open from October 31st 2016 till February 3rd 2017.
Other events at the exhibition included the 212 Olympia Showdown, Ms. Olympia, Fitness Olympia, Figure Olympia, Bikini Olympia, Women's Physique Showdown, and Men's Physique Showdown contests.
Unlike E3, EB Expo allows members of the general public to attend.
Its slogan is "The Great Minnesota Get-Together."
Adventure Con was a for-profit media expo with a science fiction and comic theme held annually in Knoxville, Tennessee.
From 2010 until 2015, Carol Smith was the program manager.
Other plays sample various genres and playwrights, classical and modern, sometimes with an emphasis on Southern works.
The pie was 17 ft 6 in in diameter, weighing 28,350 pounds.
Notable past presenters include Burt Rutan, Marvin Minsky, and Luciano Maiani.
Combined events were included starting with the 1974/75 season, while the Super G was added for the 1982/83 season.
Previous to that, the annual International Festival of Fools, created by the Friends Roadshow went on from 1975 to 1984 in Amsterdam.
The Gaikindo Indonesia International Auto Show is Indonesia's largest auto show.
It is organized by the Government of Assam, providing the tourists with boundless chances for fun and feast.
Coffee shop and video rental owners did not charge people for their services and asked them to give the amount to a stranger.
The fair is generally held in the second week of September, as well as the weekends surrounding it.
The New England Summer Nationals was a popular, annual, four-day-long automotive festival in Worcester, Massachusetts.
The official Fringe Programme categorises shows into sections for theatre, comedy, dance, physical theatre, circus, cabaret, children's shows, musicals, opera, music, spoken word, exhibitions and events.
The founders of OrlandoCon were regional chairman of the National Cartoonists Society Jim Ivey, and local enthusiasts Charlie Roberts, Richard Kravitz, Rob Word, and Neil Austin.
NYFW is based on a much older series of events called “Press Week,” founded in 1942.
The focus is on matters concerning India on Wikipedia projects and other sister projects in English and other Indian languages.
IDEF International Defence Industry Fair has been held once in every odd year since 1993.
The event was chaired by Mark Reinsberg with Erle Korshak and Bob Tucker as equal partners.
It was the 50th Mr. Olympia competition celebrated.
The only technology permitted in the place was a television, a DVD player running the movie, and a Turkish samovar for brewing tea.
Alchemy 2016 will take place in Bowdon, Georgia at Little Big Jam.
The current managing director of the Guadalajara International Book Fair is Marisol Schulz, and its president is Raúl Padilla López.
It was founded in 2012 as the Silicon Valley Sound eXperience and changed its name in 2013 with the addition of a technology conference.
The Chamber of Commerce hosts a beer garden and entertainment stage in Centennial Park.
Herri Urrats is an annual festival held the second Sunday of May to reach out to the ikastolak in the Northern Basque Country, France.
Held during the second full week of September each year since 1910, the rodeo brings roughly 50,000 people every year to the city of Pendleton.
The convention was first held in 2000 and has grown to draw 5,606 attendees in 2015.
The latest event was the 20th, 22nd, 27th, 28th, 29 September and the 2nd, 4th, 5th & 6 October 2013.
In 2006 the Firefly included fireworks launched from its top.
It is 5 km from Jagiroad in Morigaon district of Assam and 32 km from Guwahati.
Organised by Yossi Vardi, founding investor of ICQ, Kinnernet is a think tank on the Internet, with some 250 attendees.
The International Eelpout Festival is an annual gathering held in the town of Walker, Minnesota.
The conventions name came from the mascot of the Pennsylvania College of Technology.
The Washington State Fair, commonly referred to as the Puyallup Fair, is the largest single attraction held annually in the state of Washington.
It is the largest Antique & Collectible Show south of San Francisco, with over 55,000 square feet of exhibition space.
Until 2003 the tournament was played in Zlín at AC ZPS Zlín's home arena.
The fair involves ritual bathing on the banks of Godavari river, at the Trimbakeshwar Shiva Temple and the Ram Kund in Nashik.
The event is free and charges no admission fees to the public.
It is organized by Nalanda district administration with the help of Government of Bihar’s Department of Culture and Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation.
The practical arrangements are made by the unpaid members of an organising committee and hundreds of voluntary workers at the convention.
The main display can be watched by the public, free of charge.
Ballarat Heritage Weekend is a community cultural festival held annually in Ballarat, Victoria, Australia.
It is also a major event of the China-US Strategic Economic Dialogue.
Recipients are asked to pass on one of the notes or coins to someone else.
It is estimated that 50,000 animals were sacrificed during the Gadhimai festival of 2009.
Not to be confused with the ACM/IEEE Supercomputing Conference which has been held in the US since 1988.
The word drupa is a portmanteau of the German words druck und papier; print and paper respectively.
The Air Show was first held in 2011 as a single day show, but due to its success it became a three-day show in 2012.
There was also an E3 event held in Sony's PlayStation Home.
The fair focuses on sustainable, upcycled, recycled, and eco-friendly materials and techniques.
The Festival welcomed its millionth visitor in 1971, its 10-millionth in 2001, and its 20-millionth visitor in 2015.
KotoriCon is an annual two-day anime convention held during January at Rowan College at Gloucester County in Sewell, New Jersey.
Every year has a guest nation, and an Indian language in focus.
For example, Calvario o Santuario, la parroquia de San Juan Bautista y Santa María de Guadalupe, el antiguo Convento Franciscano, el Parque Juárez.
In 1991 local musicians collaborated to stage the Stockton Riverside Fringe Festival - which became Stockton Weekender from 2011 to 2014 when it ceased.
Established in 1947 as an alternative to the Edinburgh International Festival, it takes place annually in Edinburgh, Scotland, in the month of August.
Each Tour de Ski has consisted of six to nine stages, held during late December and early January in the Czech Republic, Germany, Italy, and Switzerland.
Intaglio in 2007 became the first event of its kind in India to achieve the ISO 9001:2000 certification from the International Organization for Standardization.
The bi-annual 3 day motorsports event takes place the last weekend of March and October.
By 2012, the Festival attracted more than 15000 patrons.
It was created in 2007 with the goal of becoming the most influential youth-oriented film festival in North America.
It is an event that prides itself on being "by geeks, for geeks."
Con-Nichiwa is an annual anime convention held during March at the Tucson Convention Center in Tucson, Arizona.
Some past finalists and winners have included:
The first Delhi Poetry Festival was held on 19 January 2013.
Folklorama is an event that runs for two weeks each August in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
From 1940 until 2008, Myrtle Beach had also hosted a predominantly white motorcycle rally, called Harley-Davidson Week, also called the spring Carolina Harley-Davidson Dealer's Association Rally.
The first female Flyktningerenn was arranged in 1964.
The International Cheese Awards is a cheese show and competition held each year at Dorfold Park near Nantwich, England.
This international awards program is administered through FilKONtario, with an international jury.
Tokyo In Tulsa is an annual three-day anime convention held during July/August at the Cox Business Center in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
It is followed a week later by the Bix Beiderbecke Memorial Jazz Festival.
The conference usually takes place over a weekend in the autumn of each year in Düsseldorf, Germany.
It has been called "the most important art biennial in Puerto Rico."
Transformus has distributed over $43,005 in art grants to the community over four years and remains one of the most art-centric Burner events in the U.S.
Prior to its 2001 rename, the event was titled "California Farm Equipment Show and International Exposition."
Starfest Denver is an annual multimedia/science fiction convention held in Denver, Colorado during the spring.
SIGGRAPH is the name of the annual conference on computer graphics convened by the ACM SIGGRAPH organization.
The annual festival is still internationally recognised for its traditional English folk music and dance, held in the market town of Wimborne Minster in Dorset, England.
In 2015, Green Man won "Best Festival" at the Live Music Business Awards.
It was held during a short period, and all games was played in either Gothenburg or Stockholm, like a small World Cup.
The programs are geared towards readers in kindergarten to grade twelve, with several programs targeting adult readers, ESL learners and French speakers.
The closing night has featured concerts by The Offspring, Tenacious D, Foo Fighters, Ozzy Osbourne, Blink-182, Metallica, and Linkin Park.
As of 2013 the name is also used by an event in Mustang Island, Texas which also includes longer distances and a children's race.
In 2014 the camp was hosted by two institutions- IISc and IISER- Kolkata.
The Quilt National is a juried biennial exhibition of contemporary quilt art, first held in 1979.
This brings the groom back to life.
As a solidary fest, everything is organized by the Ikastolas.
Along with music, Umeå Open has a conference and a host of related events.
"It may seem like it is a simple arts festival but community and communion is what it's all about," she says.
The festival features a carnival, live entertainment, food, arts and crafts, and a commercial flower center.
Its concept, variety of new approaches and enthusiasm for less well-known music from across the globe is unique to this part of the world.
The Craig Vetter Fuel Economy Challenge is a motorcycle fuel efficiency contest created in 1980 by motorcycle fairing inventor Craig Vetter.
The flights take place early in the morning and late in the afternoon, when weather conditions are the optimal ones.
Both of the major leagues share an All-Star break, with no regular-season games scheduled on the day before or two days after the All-Star Game itself.
The name was changed in the summer of 2007.
It was the 49th Mr. Olympia competition held.
The Bread and Roses Heritage Festival is an annual, open-air festival in Lawrence, Massachusetts that celebrates labor history, cultural diversity, and social justice.
Over the past five decades, the festival has become a crucial part of Ireland's cultural landscape.
The toastmaster was Spider Robinson; Mike Resnick acted as Toastmaster for the Meet-the-Pros party.
The company was founded by Paddy Cosgrave, David Kelly and Daire Hickey.
The highlights track contains presentations for computational biology papers published in the previous 18 months.
Lan ETS is a yearly LAN party event held by a student club of the same name from the École de technologie supérieure university in Montreal.
The event provides an opportunity for fan community to get together and learn from each other.
On Thursday evening prior to the official opening of the event, there is a preview for professionals, exhibitors, and select guests pre-registered for all four days.
The current holder of the School Trophy is Rondebosch Boys High School, with Diocesan College achieving second place in the 2017 competition.
The annual Mary Valley Art Festival is a three-day festival event held in the rural village of Imbil, near Gympie in South East Queensland, Australia.
The brand retired in 2016 with "Last Dance" events in Sydney in April, Melbourne in May and Birmingham in June 2016.
On many occasions Supanova has also hosted, as satellite events, artwork masterclasses, film screenings or similar activities.
The original festival was founded in 1980 as a traditional festival of folk dance and music.
Timing issues and a noise complaint that caused Scratch Acid's set to be cut short led to the Cropped Out team changing plans.
Northern Voice 2011 - May 13 and 14, 2011
The event drew an estimated 70,000 motorcycle enthusiasts in 2005.
Katsucon is an annual three-day anime convention held during February at the Gaylord National Resort & Convention Center in National Harbor, Maryland.
The Maryland Sheep and Wool Festival is largest and longest-running showcase of domestic sheep and wool in the United States.
In 2012, a number of events occurred related to the Salman Rushdie and the Satanic Verses controversy.
It is also called Nara Singha Bihu.
The festival is held in August and the inaugural show was held in 2014.
PrezCon "The Summer Nationals" is a convention that will be held each year starting in 2016 by PrezCon, Inc.
The Great New York State Fair is a 12-day showcase of agriculture, entertainment, education and technology.
Starting as a one-day event, by 2008 it had expanded to a ten-day festival.
It is the largest Polish and assumed to be one of the largest in Central and Eastern Europe comic con.
Christkindlmarket is a Christmas market held annually at Daley Plaza in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
The album went on to become one of the most influential and iconic albums of all time and its songs have remained classic rock staples.
In later years, the DTFF also sponsored an amateur film contest.
The New England Indonesian Festival is an annual cultural festival held at Copley Square located in Boston, Massachusetts.
The drill is characterized by elaborate and rapid dance-like maneuvers, which has been described as "colourful".
The Georgia National Fair is the official state-sponsored fair, administered through the Georgia Agricultural Exposition Authority.
Many Kolkatans consider the book fair an inherent part of Kolkata, and instances of people visiting the fair every day during its duration are not uncommon.
It takes place every year in late August to early September, in week 35-36.
The first SETIcon took place on 13–15 August 2010 and drew about 1,000 people.
The event is initiated/organized by the Post Growth Institute and the global coordinator is Donnie Maclurcan, a co-founder of the Post Growth Institute.
Students from many area schools enter contests such as food baking and agriculture.
The name has changed to Halloween Haunt at all 3 parks.
TFW is a fashion hub in the Caucasus which maintains the fashion industry development and introduces new faces and exports Georgian fashion production.
Anticipation was the first Worldcon to include a category for graphic story on the Hugo ballot.
The convention featured floorspace for exhibitors, including comic book dealers and collectibles merchants.
It is a non-profit organization run entirely by volunteers.
The show has been held each year since 1959 and is Chicago's second most popular festival.
The next COMPUTEX will be held from June 5 to 9, 2018.
It takes place for 2–3 weeks in August, and about 100,000 "paradiZers" visit each year.
Other topics are the comics, the science fiction and the fantasy.
It is the largest single event in the State, and annually attracts approximately 335,000 people from all 105 Kansas counties and several other states.
After Disclave, WSFA planned the structure and focus of their next convention.
It is a successor convention to ClipperCon and OktoberTrek.
It is held annually in the fall, each year being hosted in a different city by a different group of volunteers.
It is a three-day-long festival held in the late October – early November period.
The Sprout Fund provided critical funding for that first event.
Headlining music acts also host concerts here.
MechMania is a 24-hour Game AI hackathon.
The tradition of symphonic Grant Park Music Festival concerts began in 1935.
or OHM in short was an outdoor hacker conference that took place in the Netherlands from July 31 to August 4, 2013.
It was voted Best Festival in Warren County in 2011.
Midsumma Festival is an annual celebration of queer, intersex, transsexual, transgender, bisexual, lesbian and gay culture, held during January and February in Melbourne, Australia.
The South of England Show is a county show held annually at its own showground in Ardingly, West Sussex during June.
It is held in March in Finland and Norway, earlier even in Sweden.
The meeting was organized by Daniela Gabriel, who worked for Harley-Davidson Europe management.
Perc Tucker has both Membership and Volunteer programs for supporters.
It is centred on the construction of temporary artworks in a semi-desert environment, some of which are burnt towards the end of the event.
Attendance has historically been around one half million people, reaching a high of over 700,000 in 2015, and generating around $800 million in revenue.
With over 170 talks and 3 large lecture halls, this edition was by far the largest in the series of quadrennial Dutch events.
Instead, an alternate low-key Pongal Book Fair was held between January 13 and 24 for book lovers and tourists.
In 2008, the event organizers also orchestrated a smaller Zelda marathon that managed to bring in an additional $2,477.00 for Child's Play Charity.
15 competition and non-competition programs and MarAni Professional Forum take place in the frameworks of the festival every year.
Money raised goes towards community-oriented projects such as park improvements, traffic concerns, planning and preservation.
EICMA, or the Milan Motorcycle Show is an annual trade show in Milan, Italy featuring motorcycles.
It is the largest of the three fan-run Chicago conventions.
HalloWeekends is an annual Halloween event at Cedar Point amusement park in Sandusky, Ohio.
Army Day marks a day to salute the valiant soldiers who sacrificed their lives to protect the country and the people living in it.
The conference offers marketing and technology practitioners from around the world the opportunity to network, explore media and technology opportunities, and discover the future of marketing.
Originally presented biennially, the festival has been held annually since 2012.
The own attempted to compete by announcing the salmon festival would headlined by John Fogerty and would feature Tom Cochrane, America and The Fables.
The 2010 Gamescon was held August 18 to August 22.
WSFA has also hosted Worldcons, SMOFcons, World Fantasy Conventions, and many other events both casual and otherwise.
The horror magazine Horror Hound has sponsored the festival for many years and called it "the largest genre film festival in the country."
It is only open from the first weekend in November and runs for the following six weeks, including the Friday after Thanksgiving.
London Craft Week takes up residence in the capital early each May.
It is one of the "Big Four" fashion weeks, along with the New York, Milan and Paris.
In 2007 and 2009, it won the People’s Choice Award for Best Arts Event from the Greater Pittsburgh Arts Council.
Game Connection is a business convention of the video games industry.
The Ohio Renaissance Festival first opened its gates in 1990 in between Harveysburg, Ohio and I-71.
WillyCon is distinguished from many other conventions by its short-story contest.
It was founded as the Phoenix Cactus Comicon in June 2002, and originally consisted of a one-day six-hour event held in Ahwatukee, Arizona.
The International Supercomputing Conference is a yearly conference on supercomputing which has been held in Europe since 1986.
It is held at the Howard County Fairgrounds in West Friendship, Maryland.
The Dubai International Motor Show is a biennial auto show held in the Emirate of Dubai, in the United Arab Emirates.
Initially, the track stretched from Tartu to Kääriku, partially on the river ice of Emajõgi.
The fair is South Carolina's largest recurring event, attracting over 400,000 fairgoers annually.
In the 1950s, Japan's women team was a force to be reckoned with winning a total of 8 titles.
Another winner of the rising stars competition was Mob Fandango whom also went on to play at the Soul Picnic.
The 2007 and 2009 BrickFests were held in Portland, Oregon at the Oregon Convention Center.
Annually, the celebrations in Ponta Delgada attract thousands of Azoreans, Luso-descendants and peoples from the various islands of the archipelago to São Miguel.
The history of this flight exhibition dates back to 1910 and the Wright Company.
OBF also features a root beer garden, which offers free root beer for designated drivers and minors; the latter must be accompanied by a parent.
CAPTION is an annual comics convention specialising in British small press comics.
The Calgary Folk Music Festival is held in late July each year at Prince's Island Park, Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
Thursday 8 May – Young Frankenstein @ The Great Hall, Winchester
In the 2011 event 75 buildings opened their doors and attracted 100,000 visitors.
Malhar is hosted annually by the students of St. Xavier's College, Mumbai, India.
In 2016, Tech Crunch described it as "SXSW meets Comic Con."
Flyktningerennet is a cross country ski race, running from Lierne, Norway to Gäddede, Sweden.
Notable guests included actor Wil Wheaton, Jay "Tron Guy" Maynard, game designer Steve Jackson, and Linux activist Eric S. Raymond.
The event took place at the Los Angeles Convention Center in Los Angeles, California.
The Mighty Men Conference, organised by Shalom Trust of South Africa, was an annual gathering of Christian men and boys which ran from 2004 to 2010.
The festival attracts interstate and overseas visitors: 6% percent of the Fringe’s 1,560,000 audience members are visitors to the city.
The first season of Kerala Fashion League was held at Kochi on 27 May 2015.
The festival ends with the celebration of Kshamavani.
Anime South was a three-day anime convention held in the city of Pensacola, Florida.
The Evergreen State Fairgrounds features permanent facilities that are used year-round for Northwest horse shows, trade shows, swap meets, auto races and more.
The number of visitors grew to 5 lakh in the second edition, an increase of 1 lakh from the first edition.
The Kochi-Muziris Biennale is an initiative of the Kochi-Biennale Foundation with support from the Government of Kerala .
Treklanta is an annual Star Trek convention based in Atlanta, Georgia that places special emphasis on fan-based events, activities, programming and productions.
At Polaris 26, held July 5–7, 2012, it was announced Polaris had come to an end and that a new convention would replace Polaris in 2013.
Participants frequently dress in costumes based on characters from video games, movies, cartoons, and comic books.
CineEurope is the longest running European trade show and convention for the cinema industry.
The festival, often held in October, plays host to curated exhibitions across the city of Brighton and Hove in gallery and public spaces.
MOBICON is an annual fan convention held in Mobile, Alabama.
Origins is run by The Game Manufacturers Association.
Saturday 13 April - The Life & Death of Colonel Blimp @ Hampshire & Isle of Wight Army Cadet Force HQ, Eastleigh
The name is a combination of the English word convention and the Japanese word senshi, meaning warrior.
BlizzCon is a video game convention held by Blizzard Entertainment to promote its major franchises Warcraft, StarCraft, Diablo, Heroes of the Storm and Overwatch.
Fatboy Slim took his 'Brighton Beach Party' to the shores of Loch Ness to create the first festival which was held on Saturday 24 June 2006.
The Kolkata Youth Theatre Festival popularly known as KYTF.
Up until today the highest participant level was in 1985 in Dalarna/Falun were there were 25 021 participants.
It is the UK's highest attended free anime convention.
The first fair was held in October 1852, on the grounds of what became known as Military Park.
InnoTrans is the world's largest trade fair focused on the rail transport industry.
It consists of a flower parade and a year-long royalty program to select a festival queen from one of the 24 area high schools.
Total attendance was reported as 5,661 members.
The convention is run by the Philadelphia Science Fiction Society.
ApolloCon was a science fiction convention held annually in Houston, Texas by the Houston Science Fiction Association, a non-profit 501(c)3 corporation.
On 19 May 2011, festival organisers announced the Official RockNess Guide.
The event debuted in 1974 and is part of the Worldloppet series, which was founded in 1978 in Uppsala, since Worldloppet was founded.
Additionally, the program features lab tours, conversations with leading scientists, and performances from groups from around the nation.
The festival has expanded over the years to a three-week event that attracts 120,000 individuals to its opening Carnival alone.
The conference hosts lectures from the computer gaming industry and serves as a company-dating venue where developers and marketers meet.
It oversees several Christian summer festivals aimed at young people along with other events throughout the year.
Accommodation is impossible to find if one does not have a booking.
The popularity of the event is sometimes attributed to the city's unique design that locates many pleasant settings within short distance of each other.
Anthrocon is the world's largest furry convention, taking place in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania each June or July.
To date, it has been held three times.
The festival is completely managed, organized and run by the workforce which consists of 1200 volunteers and 130 people in the organizing committee.
On the last night of Firefly a giant wooden Firefly is burned.
Sydney Manga and Anime Show is an annual Japanese popular culture convention held in Sydney, Australia and organised by SMASH Inc, a non-profit volunteer-run association.
It is a general interest convention promoting science fiction, fantasy, and fandom in general.
Visiting companies, mostly from European theaters, present their recent productions along with performances of the Theater Wiesbaden.
The festival was headlined by Gorillaz, Muse, and Stevie Wonder.
Conjecture is a general convention, with a literary emphasis.
The convention was chaired by Sally Woehrle.
In recent years the profile of the festival has increased substantially, with attendances by many internationally acclaimed and well-known writers.
Since debuting in 2008, Super Art Fight has now put on over 100 shows at a wide variety of venues
The Tanana Valley State Fair is an annual state fair held in College, Alaska, United States.
The quiz tests participants general knowledge of Korea.
With 3000 tickets sold the camp was completely sold out weeks before the camp started.
Pumpkin Festival, is a yearly celebration that was previously held in Keene, New Hampshire, United States before Halloween.
During the show, dozens of vintage aircraft are assembled from Europe and the US for display and flight demonstrations.
Art installations like a human-sized Lite Brite and the world premiere of the Gif Dance Party left quite an impression on attendees.
Google Code Jam is an international programming competition hosted and administered by Google.
It starts on the Thursday following Victoria Day, and runs through to Sunday.
E-Commerce Asia is organised by Comexposium, a joint venture of Exposium and Comexpo.
The 2013 event marked the convention's move to Baltimore, Maryland, as well as a shift from twice a year to once a year.
This Pushkaram is observed for a period of 12 days from the time of entry of Jupiter into Aswini nakshatra Mesha rasi.
However, this collection is currently in the process of being broken up.
Tuna Festival is an annual festival celebrated in the General Santos City, Philippines on first week of September of every year.
A weekly meeting is held most Wednesday evenings, for socializing, projects, and miscellaneous business.
In 2000, the conference was retitled to its current name when India, Malaysia and Singapore entered the hosting rotation.
The Forest is unique in that it is the readers themselves who choose the winners of each category by voting for their favourite books.
Brisbane Festival is one of Australia's leading international arts festivals, and is held each September in Brisbane, Australia.
This is a competition that was launched in 2009 and searches each year for global best emerging artists.
China Fashion Week is an international fashion event held twice a year at various venues in Beijing, China.
We make our systems accessible by allowing people to come and interact with them, and by making them available over the Internet."
The first festival was held in St. Petersburg in 2011.
Singapore's women team holds the title in 2010.
The convention featured floorspace for exhibitors, including comic book dealers and collectibles merchants.
The convention had 2,007 members, breaking the previous record of 1,600 set only one year earlier.
The aim of Vijyoshi Camp is to provide a forum for interactions between bright young students and leading researchers in various branches of Science and Mathematics.
The GC Asia Conference allows developers and industry experts to exchange knowledge and know-how in panels and lectures and grow their international networks of business connections.
Started in 2010, it is India's first large scale food and dining related festival or event.
Binder Twine has become a successful community event, and has resulted in new town signage and the creation of Binder Twine Park.
The ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships are an international event in canoeing organized by the International Canoe Federation.
The Laugharne Weekend is an annual literary and arts festival in West Wales.
The Kangaroo Hoppet is a long distance cross-country skiing race in Australia.
Guests included actors, directors, and producers from classic and upcoming horror films.
In 2017, the second Saturday in August falls on August 12.
The last show was held in 2000, with the 2002 show cancelled four months prior to the expected 2002 exhibition.
Held annually in Nampa, Idaho at the Nampa Civic Center, the convention takes place during the first full weekend of August.
To date, more than fifty races have been staged with more than 8,000 individuals representing 100+ countries in the races.
China's men's team holds a record 20 world team championship titles.
The festival is one of the top five gay and lesbian arts and cultural celebrations, along with New York, San Francisco, Vancouver and Sydney.
The annual event usually lasts for 11 days, usually in February.
Apart from the screening of films, Be An Angel also organises a number of other events during the Gay Film Nights festival.
however, council announced the 2016 concert would go ahead but that it would be the end of the "mega concert".
In 2009, the fair has set a record with the attendance of 296,919.
PCC plays host to comic related panels, programming events, art contests, and autograph signings for all ages.
The Los Angeles County Fair is an annual county fair.
In 2012, there were 20 races around the world.
It is composed of the independent cities of Roanoke and Salem, and Botetourt, Craig, Franklin, and Roanoke counties.
Exhibitors came from as far away as Japan, Italy and Germany, and attendees came from all over the world.
It is performed by trained artists to entertain people on the occasion of Onam, an annual harvest festival, celebrated mainly in the Indian state of Kerala.
It was created in response to a demand from the local youth culture for live, affordable, and accessible entertainment in Africa.
According to the RAI press release, it seems that they do not plan to organize any more AutoRAI events.
Around 5000 people turned out for the first Redneck Summer Games – over twice the population of East Dublin.
In 2008, it had moved into the Hunt Armory.
The Science Fiction Fantasy Short Film Festival, is an international genre film festival devoted to fantasy and science fiction cinema from across the globe.
In 2007, the festival took the name of Month of Photography Asia.
In addition to the IAA in Frankfurt, which takes place every two years, it is the second largest German car show.
Cadets who earn an A- are authorized to wear the IOCT Badge on their athletic shorts.
Some of the pilgrims make their journey from cities as far as Basra, about 500 km away by road.
This day is considered to be one of the most important harvest day in India.
Webstock began in 2005 and was created by a small non-profit group, Debbie Sidelinger and Ben Lampard).
This NASFiC was held because Brighton, England, was selected as the location for the 1987 Worldcon.
The festival was launched in 2009, receiving over 400 competition entries from more than 35 counties on its initial year.
The supporting organization was the Philadelphia Science Fiction Society.
Its principal venue is the South Bank Centre in London, where it was founded.
The winner was 19-year-old Fuad from Aberdeen played just before Pete Tong on the 13th.
The ISFiT participants take part in different workshops, which highlight the festival theme in various ways.
Since 2014, TromaDance has relocated to New York City.
The aim of the festival is to bring together local, national and international artists for collaborations, jam sessions and workshops.
The #gayleeds area then hosts a large street party with music, alcohol, a funfair, and street stalls.
Bat Out of Hell has been certified 14 times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.
The convention is designed to be family-friendly.
The Team Championships are held in even numbered years.
The Festa da Uva is also presided over by one Rainha and two Princesas that must compete in a beauty pageant to be voted as such.
An area is set up for kids at Flat Branch park with several different activities.
It is played as part of the festivities of the Major League Baseball All-Star Game.
Established in 1994, the Toronto Festival of Beer has been sampling beer for those ages 19+ for 17 years.
It debuted in 1979, and is part of Worldloppet since 1991.
Tsubasacon is also the first anime convention to be held in West Virginia.
Finncon is the largest science fiction convention in Finland and, with up to 15,000 participants, one of the largest SF conventions in Europe.
It is estimated that the city benefits of a 16 million Euros profit from this 38-day-long tradition.
It has been endorsed by the International Dark-Sky Association, the American Astronomical Society, the Astronomical League, and Sky & Telescope.
Eight events have occurred to date, with the most recent one in July 2016 drawing in 7,609 attendees.
The first Urbana was held in 1946 in Toronto, and since then, it has generally been held every three years.
In addition, more than a hundred individuals volunteered their time on the event weekend to help run the convention.
productronica takes place in mid-November during all uneven-numbered years, alternating each year with the trade fair electronica, and it occupies an average of ten exhibition halls.
It was founded by the patrons of the Hay Festival of Literature and Arts in the United Kingdom.
The inaugural winners of the competition was rock 'n' roll band, Independent Square.
The theme range over political, artistic, social and cultural topics.
The convention is organized by ArtsCubed, based in Nashville, who also holds the Geek Media Expo and Nashville Zombie Walk.
In the Terschelling dialect, Oerol means "everywhere" or literally "overall" in the sense of covering the entire land.
By far the largest contingents were from the USA and the UK.
The Houston Shakespeare Festival has since become one of the major events on Houston's summer entertainment calendar.
The two premier events are the 55 km classic and the 51 km freestyle race from Cable to Hayward, Wisconsin.
The faire covers 20 acres and, as of 2008, contained six stages.
Over 50,000 people visited the island and some 95,000 tickets were sold for the 2007 festival.
Patna Sahib Mahotsav, is an annual two-day cultural event at Patna, India.
The convention also includes such events as an art show, a masquerade, an exhibit hall, a gaming hall, and at least one dance.
These performances range from pop stars and rock musicians to live calligraphers and martial artists.
iBRIDGES is an annual convention for Iranian diaspora to meet with Iranian entrepreneurs and business people.
It is sponsored and coordinated by the Royal Astronomical Society, and functions as the primary annual meeting of the society.
During its run, Oakville Waterfront Festival attracted a diverse audience of as many as 50,000 annually.
Since then, the festival has been under an indefinite hiatus.
Parties took place at the Central and Crest Hotels.
Running for over 1,200 metres through the wood is a pathway and the Nordic ski trail.
The convention is organized by Utah Anime Promotions and is run by an volunteer staff.
The tournament started in 1997 as a counterpart to the widely successful Four Hills Tournament in Germany and Austria.
The Ojai Playwrights Conference has no commercial affiliations and is not a producing organization.
The films shown are ones seeking theatrical and television distribution.
Texas Fear Fest was a horror-oriented for-profit media event held in the Dallas, Texas, area.
The show consisted of a 3.5 mile drive through Hartwood Acres Park.Over the 20 year life of the show, it generated $3.7 million for charity.
The organising committee was chaired by Hiroaki Inoue.
Readercon is an annual science fiction convention, held every July in the Boston, Massachusetts area, in Burlington, Massachusetts.
Being the only and unique one in its class in the region, it is playing an important role of a bridge between East and West.
After over 25 years of performances including musicals, comedies, and dramas the Drayton Entertainment Production History continues to grow with its Current Season.
The Maha Music Festival is an independent indie rock music festival held in Omaha, Nebraska, United States.
The Demino Ski Marathon is a member of the Russialoppet since 2008.
Organized by Avex Group, Japan's biggest independent record label, this series features the most successful artists signed onto Avex Trax or other labels of the group.
The convention currently covers more than 24,000 sq.
Most editions of Comicon took place over two days, usually on a Saturday and Sunday.
Founded by Morgan Kollin in 2005, it is the largest anime/gaming convention in Michigan, and the 10th largest North American anime convention as of 2016.
A river-side festival, it is celebrated on the banks of Shipra river.
"[The convention] is meant to be controversial; it is a serious approach to serious issues that are rarely or never reported by the mainstream media."
The 2012 championship race was held in Las Vegas on November 10 for a grand prize of $10,000.
Comiket, otherwise known as the Comic Market, is the world's largest dōjinshi fair, held twice a year in Tokyo, Japan.
Conducted over a period of three days, Unmaad includes events like dramatics, music performances, dances, quizzes, debates, street plays, professional concerts and fashion show.
Towards fulfilling this larger vision of creativity and institutionalising its enterprise, Samanvay’s inclusive framework presents workshops, freewheeling conversations, focussed discussions, public readings, exhibitions, performances.
All films are open to the public to watch.
Yuricon was an anime convention geared toward fans of yuri anime and manga.
Armageddon expo is a New Zealand based pop culture convention that holds multiple events around New Zealand in cities including Auckland, Wellington, Tauranga, Christchurch and Dunedin.
Göteborg Horse Show is an international horse show held annually in the Scandinavium arena in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Its lead sponsor is Quick Chek Food Stores.
Notable authors participating have included Cornel West, Sonia Sanchez, Amiri Baraka, Walter Mosley, Terry McMillan, Touré, Farai Chideya, Stanley Crouch, Nelson George, Mark Anthony Neal.
The programme includes lectures sessions followed by discussion sessions.
The event is part of the Worldloppet series, and places itself among the biggest ski races in the world with nearly 10,000 participants.
From the festival's embers the Queens World Film Festival emerged.
Chattacon was founded by Chattanooga native Irv Koch; the first Chattacon was held in January 1976.
The July festival is named after Italian inventor, artist, and writer, Leonardo da Vinci.
Mamont is international festival of modern art and vanguard fashion running in Minsk since 1995.
The convention includes 125 education sessions, nearly 300 speakers, and more than 500 exhibitors.
The Celebration of Lights was a winter holiday season Christmas lights show in Pittsburgh.
Participants dress in a style that can be likened to the idea of "their Sunday best", a concept popularized in the 1950s and 1960s.
The show includes stunt airplanes, modern fighters and alternates between the U.S. Navy Blue Angels and U.S. Air Force Thunderbirds every other year.
The organising committee was co-chaired by Colin Harris and Vincent Docherty.
Tokyo Game Show, commonly known as TGS, is a video game expo / convention held annually in September in the Makuhari Messe, in Chiba, Japan.
Former WTF resident director Nicholas Martin served as Artistic Director from 2008-2010.
The Dallas Fantasy Fair was an annual multi-genre fan convention which was held between 1982 and 1995 in Dallas, Texas.
It brings together an estimated 250,000 visitors, 800 volunteers, and about 6,000 musicians, dancers, and other performers.
From 1995–2006, it was also the home of the Wizard World Fan Awards.
It hosts a variety of fandom related events and functions.
The Great Falls Balloon Festival is a hot air balloon festival held in the twin cities of Lewiston, Maine and Auburn, Maine.
Previous editions have been curated by Gilane Tawadros, Julian Stallabrass, Martin Parr and Photoworks.
The conference is organized biannually by the SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics in Basel, Switzerland.
The 2009 competition featured a record 49 teams and nearly 500 competitors.
It has been held since 1979, and has been part of Worldloppet since then.
The grounds flourish with social events and an enjoyable atmosphere right on the Chippewa River.
The festival features music performances and a broad variety of visual art exhibits.
The 64th World Science Fiction Convention, styled L.A.con IV, was held in Anaheim, California, United States, from August 23–27, 2006.
Since 2003, competitions have been held annually.
The resort is closed to its members during the pageant, and the one-day event tickets can only be purchased separately.
Greeters at the entrances encourage visitors to make donations and special buttons with yearly designs are exchanged for donations.
Monument Valley Film, Blues & Arts Festival is an annual film festival held in Kayenta, Arizona.
The show was usually attended by several hundred thousand spectators.
Its Summer-Resort show takes place in April while the Winter-Festive show takes place in August.
The festival sitting on the banks of the Androscoggin River has attracted about 100,000 people, both locals and tourists annually.
It includes distinctly branded sections, including GX and SFX, and formerly CNAnime.
It is also locally called "The Big Meeting" or "Durham Big Meeting".
Perc Tucker Regional Gallery is a heritage-listed public art gallery in the Townsville CBD, City of Townsville, Queensland, Australia.
This year from 26 to 29 November, India Habitat Centre will celebrate the 5thedition of its Indian Languages Festival – Samanvay 2015.
The total amount of land owned at the western edge of Winnipeg 480 acres.
The MoCCA Arts Festival, or MoCCA Fest, is an independent comics showcase that typically includes artist booths, slide shows, and educational panels.
It is a "daylong celebration of Hungarian culture, music, dance, [and] art".
Renn Fayre is an annual three-day campus-wide celebration that occurs at Reed College, a liberal arts college located in Portland, Oregon, United States.
Fashion designs by Dorinha Jeans Wear, Queena Yan, and Ezchelle have appeared at VFW.
A quarter of the event's ticket sales are donated to Monaco Aide et Présence, a charity established by Monaco's reigning Prince Albert.
The 2014 event had over 210 shows and 1,600 performances, with an estimated outdoor site attendance of 665,750.
The event began as an annual birthday celebration for Nagraj.
On July 25, 1987, Cherry Festival participants earned a place in the Guinness Book of World Records for baking the world's largest cherry pie.
In 2008, the Show covered 785,000 net square feet of exhibit space.
Musicians perform for free to show their support for charity.
The Hillside Festival is an annual three-day, five-stage summer festival occurring in Guelph, Ontario hosting musicians, spoken word artists, workshops and more.
The 65-acre faire comprises permanent structures and has twenty stages and more than 100 shops.
The 4 Deserts Race Series is an annual series of four 250-kilometer races across deserts around the globe.
The Edmonton Fringe is a founding member of the Canadian Association of Fringe Festivals.
The first gathering was commemorated by a cloth patch, which soon changed to an enamel pin badge with a different design for each year.
Among that evening’s highlights was a reading by author, actress and musician Pamela Des Barres, best known for her top-selling book, I’m With The Band.
Many national and international theater groups perform their plays during the festival.
It is run by The Fighter Collection, which is based at Duxford.
Unlike many Steampunk events, the Museum leverages its own exhibits and relationships with local businesses participate to arrange discounts to event attendees.
The main prize is the Biznaga de Oro for best picture.
A musical based on the album, staged by Jay Scheib, opened at the Manchester Opera House on 17 February 2017 before transferring to the London Coliseum.
Local people believe that if somebody eats the crops without celebrating Nwagi have to face ancestor's curse.
Arse Elektronika is an annual conference organized by the Austrian arts and philosophy collective monochrom, focused on sex and technology.
On even-numbered years, the Warbirds over Wanaka event is held in Wanaka, also in the South Island.
The Castro Street fair takes place on the afternoon of the first Sunday in October.
The fair typically lasts for about two weeks during the New Year-Pongal season.
Sound of Stockholm is an annual Swedish festival for contemporary classical music.
A fishtank was set aside for drowning mobile phones which rang in the tent.
NFFTY provides young filmmakers a full feature, multi-day festival experience with state-of-the-art venues, access to industry professionals, and broad public exposure.
The Venture was the first flagship to survive a Plunderathon intact.
ReAnimania is becoming one of the most wanted and important young animation film festivals around the world.
Until the 1990 gathering at Atlanta, Georgia, the convention was known as the Colloquium.
Its artisans demonstrate a variety of textile, wood and metal crafting techniques, even operating a fully functional blacksmith shop.
The fringe festival is the largest in North America based on indoor ticket sales.
It is one of several Role-playing conventions of Victoria, Australia run through the year.
Since its launch in 2008, the South Asian Spelling Bee has been aired in over 120 countries on Sony Entertainment Television Asia as a multi-part series.
In 2015, the complete reconstruction was finished with total new cross-country skiing track derived through the valley of Planica.
Also, organizers allowed patrons to leave the grounds and return later until 7pm.
The Art, Not Apart festival features markets along with the art of local and interstate visual artists, along with panel discussions and musical performances.
This is the same organization that has run WhoFest, a Doctor Who-focused media-oriented science fiction convention, since 2013.
Daisho Con is an annual three-day multi-genre convention held during November at the Kalahari Resorts: Wisconsin Dells in Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin.
Diversicon is an annual speculative fiction convention held the first weekend of August in the Minneapolis-Saint Paul, Minnesota area.
It is also the most important cultural event in Opole, with a tradition going back 50 years.
Within the limits of the festival judges traditionally give a master class for young designers.
The convention was run by McLaughlin with a committee of about twenty plus fan volunteers recruited at each event.
CNAnime ran within Fan Expo Canada and featured a large floorspace for exhibitors.
It is estimated that hundreds of thousands of Poles concealed and aided hundreds of thousands of their Polish-Jewish neighbors.
The Australian Birkebeiner is a 21 km race, and for the purposes of Worldloppet counts as a short race.
The event also offers opportunities for private investment in projects as well as speakers, music, and entertainment.
The 2012 event was sponsored by the Oregon Automobile Dealer's Association.
Today the event is about 300 kilometres.
There are categories for beginners, elite and veteran rowers.
Since 1999, the Sussex County Farm and Horse Show has been designated the New Jersey State Fair.
It is known mostly for its unique events that use volunteers known as "bishounen".
The Cambridge Film Festival is the third-longest-running film festival in the UK.
The convention is now held annually in May, during the four-day weekend of Memorial Day.
The Los Angeles Auto Show is an annual auto show held at the Los Angeles Convention Center in mid-to-late November.
The Society for Science-Based Medicine joined as a full sponsor of the conference in 2015.
Some people see these as the highlight of the fiesta.
It was also called the Grand Rand Show, when it was held a few weeks outside of Easter in the late 1980s.
The name Velo-city is a small play on word using the French for bicycle - vélo, and Velo-city can also be read as velocity or speed.
The festival consists of an outdoor Parade in downtown Vancouver and an indoor Expo made of music and performing arts festival, arts exhibition and comic convention.
Kitchener was the sole host in 2014 and 2015.
The 2012 Fair increased its record to 310,839 and it increased even further for the 2013 fair to 320,486.
The con was held on the grounds of the Ali Airbase and Camp Adder in Iraq, both housing large numbers of United States Armed Forces personnel.
eTail conferences are organized by Worldwide Business Research LLC, a conference production company that runs over 80 industry conferences and networking events worldwide.
The Middle East Event show is co-located with the PALME Middle East Exhibition and takes place annually at the Dubai International Convention Centre.
Monmouth Women's Festival is an annual event in Monmouth, Wales, focusing on issues of interest to women.
The festival attracts tourists to visit Dublin city.
Huddersfield Literature Festival is an award-winning annual literary festival that takes place in March in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, England.
The Sun and Salsa Festival was an annual festival put on in the Kensington Business Revitalization Zone of Calgary, Alberta.
The event is conducted in order to reach a global development community that will create innovative and interactive training and analysis solutions in virtual worlds.
It is considered to be the most important book fair in the world for international deals and trading.
The festival is permanently housed in the Carolyn Blount Theatre in Montgomery, Alabama.
Theatre-goers, actors, and playwrights flock to Stratford to take part — many of the greatest Canadian, British, and American actors play roles at the Stratford festival.
Literal meaning of Pulikkali is the 'play of the tigers' hence the performance revolve around the theme of tiger hunting.
The Sturgis Motorcycle Rally is an American motorcycle rally held annually in Sturgis, South Dakota, for ten days usually during the first full week of August.
The 2005 event was one of the warmest ever, turning many stages into mud and destroying the special studded snow tires used by the teams.
The O-Ringen was started in 1965 in Denmark, Skåne and Blekinge by Peo Bengtsson and Sivar Nordstöm.
Days before the festival, the market is filled with participants buying their supplies.
The Festival has at times been nationally broadcast and has consistently enjoyed the efforts of many of the world's leading classical musicians.
The event has drawn as many as 35,000 paying customers to the event grounds.
This, precisely, is the theme we would explore in India Habitat Centre’s fifth annual Indian Languages’ Festival, Samanvay.
The influx of visitors helped promote the Castro district's growing tourist industry.
The Liverpool Boat Show was a planned annual boat show to be held at the Albert Dock in Liverpool.
Youth of the Nation is an annual Christian Youth Conference held in Wanganui, New Zealand.
The convention was previously held in Richmond, Virginia and Chesapeake, Virginia for several years.
During a panel discussion on science fiction, one of the panelists observed that about 90% of science fiction was crud.
The festival is a celebration of independent short film from around the world, and an outlet for supporting and championing short filmmaking.
The convention features anime, boardgames, cosplay, Human Chess, dances, LARPs, and RPGs.
It is the world's largest non-trade book fair, Asia's largest book fair and the most attended book fair in the world.
This amendment was not well published however leading to much confusion over the position on returning to cars.
The over $1 million in losses collectively over the previous 2 years lead to questions over the future of the yearly event.
Cosplay TORCH - introduced in 2010, it is a national cosplay competition where tournament legs are held in selected major cities in the Philippines.
There are no set rules, and followers are encouraged to practice according to their ability and desires.
On 28 March 2015, a related essay was written by Seth Shostak and published in the New York Times.
The Aspen event folded in 2007 once HBO exited the festival business, considering the expenditures too high.
The festival was established to promote Spanish cinema and help disseminate information about Spanish films.
DeepCon is an Italian science fiction, fantasy and horror fan convention, covering multiple entertainment forms and media, mixed with a dose of actual, real-world science.
The Chicago Comic & Entertainment Expo is a Chicago fan convention dedicated to comics, pop culture, graphic novels, anime, manga, video games, toys, movies, and television.
Mayor Al Hawkins appeared on local radio commenting that the date would not be changed from a planned July 9th date.
The Four Hills Tournament champion is the one who gets the most points over the four events.
The Marketing & Innovation Forum Europe in an annual summit gathering the leading management and speakers within the fields of marketing, innovation and sales.
The Fair concludes Sunday night at 10 p.m. on Father’s Day.
BrickCon is made up of two parts: the private convention and the public exhibition.
The show exhibited products, models, services, and technologies related to automobiles.
This name was backronymed Hackers At Large.
The Round-Up was incorporated as a non-profit organization July 29, 1910, as the "Northwestern Frontier Exhibition Association."
The convention has been held in various locations around the Pittsburgh metropolitan area and is run by a non-profit organization, the Pittsburgh Japanese Culture Society.
Participants include gaming enthusiasts, writers of fiction, pilots of spaceships, Rennies, and Furries.
World Dairy Expo is a five-day event showcasing dairy cattle and the newest technologies available to the dairy industry.
Since October 2005, it has been held at the Anaheim Convention Center in Anaheim, California.
The event was first held in Tokyo on April 2, 2000.
The 9 pm Family Fireworks was originally the main show and went for about twenty minutes.
It is organized by the publisher O'Reilly Media and is held each summer in the United States.
The first Yuricon event was held in 2003 in Newark, New Jersey with about 200 attending, although Yuricon has existed as an online entity since 2000.
Also on alternate years Wings over Wairarapa airshow is held at Hood Aerodrome, Masterton, in the North Island.
Pensacola Comic Convention is a convention for fans of science fiction, horror, fantasy, gaming, anime, costuming, fan films, and indie films held annually in Pensacola, Florida.
London Super Comic Convention is an annual comic convention dedicated to comics.
The major theme of the festival is traditional song and dance.
Åcon is an annual science fiction convention, held in May or June every year in Mariehamn, Åland.
Fashion Week is held at venues throughout the city.
The City of Houston celebrates this event with Go Texan Day, where residents are encouraged to dress in western wear the Friday before the rodeo begins.
Downstair at the Middle East, meanwhile, featured an LED wall behind the stage for the first time.
South by Southwest is an annual conglomerate of film, interactive media, and music festivals and conferences that take place in mid-March in Austin, Texas, United States.
The total allowable catch for 2008 is set by the Canadian government to 275,000 harp seals, 8,200 hooded seals and 12,000 grey seals.
It involves a number of unadorned elephants being positioned amid a multitude of people for being worshipped and fed.
Participation is a key precept for the community – selfless giving of one's unique talents for the enjoyment of all is encouraged and actively reinforced.
It took place on the 12th, 13th and 14 June 2009 with for the first time acts playing on the Friday.
This paper, coauthored by Richard E. Frye and Dan Rossignol, among others, would later be published in Molecular Psychiatry.
The City Life Comedian of the Year competition is held annually in Manchester, and sponsored by the City Life magazine.
Rock WLUP, Chicago Tribune Jazz, Miller Brewing Company Blues and WXRT, that broadcast live from the festival.
Anime Expo, abbreviated AX, is an American anime convention held in Los Angeles, California and organized by the non-profit Society for the Promotion of Japanese Animation.
Attendance in 2011 was capped at 50,000 participants and the event sold out on July 24; the attendance rose to 70,000 in 2015.
The Arba'een Pilgrimage is the world's largest public gathering that is held every year.
The conference also hosts the European ISCB Student Council Symposium.
This also marked the first year that the full schedule of daytime festival events were completely free to the public.
The Clothes Show is a consumer exhibition brand held annually in December at the Birmingham's National Exhibition Centre.
As of May 2015, it has spent 485 weeks in the UK Charts.
However, in order to partake in the festivities, one must apply to join the organization.
The main attraction of the festival is the Vala procession which is coming from the six zones of Ollur parish on October 23.
It is organised by the non-profit organisation ACCEPT, the country's largest lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights organisation.
Month of Photography Asia was an international festival of photography in Singapore from 2002 to 2011.
Remarking on the festival’s 10th Birthday celebrations in 2016, Gary Graham, Bord Bia’s Bloom Show Manager says,
The final round of the Omegathon makes up the closing ceremony of PAX.
The tradition started in the city in 1924 by the J.L.
Velo-city is a series of cycle planning conferences that started in 1980 in Bremen.
About 150 people attended Wing Bowl I in 1993 to see a competition between two contestants.
The 2009 convention also featured a convention-wide Seamstress Guild Party on the opening night.
“Bord Bia is delighted to celebrate Bloom’s 10th anniversary this year and is proud of how the event has evolved since it began.
The 2018 show will be held on 11th - 14th January.
The International Geneva Motor Show is an annual auto show held in March in the Swiss city of Geneva.
It is held to celebrate the culture and tradition of the seven ethnic tribal groups—Bukidnon, Higaonon, Talaandig, Manobo, Matigsalug, Tigwahanon and Umayamnon—that originally inhabit the province.
For Genericon XXI, convention staff partnered with Jazzman's Cafe, located in the middle of the convention itself, to bring food and beverages to the convention.
In addition to educational panels on science fiction in the media, attendees participate in professional and beginner-level panels on Linux and Open-source software.
It is a unique event for young people in the Baltic countries.
The MassKara Festival is an annual festival with highlights held every fourth Sunday of October in Bacolod, Philippines.
The East Coast Comicon is an annual comic book fan convention that takes place in New Jersey.
World Ag Expo is the largest outdoor agricultural exposition.
Admission was free to all U.S.-allied military personnel and civilian contractors posted in Iraq.
The City of Athens brings in Police forces from surrounding counties to help with crowd control and safety.
In 2011, the Festival took place from June 17-27.
The Port of Dartmouth Royal Regatta is a regatta in the English county of Devon.
The Komikazen International Reality Comics Festival is an annual festival focusing on non-fiction comics.
The event ends on Monday at noon.
The festival marks onset of sowing seeds.
2013 was the last time the event was held in Brisbane at the RNA Showgrounds and Perth's Claremont Showgrounds having outgrown both venues.
Currently, it exists virtually with plans for a physical facility to be built at a future time.
On January 5, 1963, club members from Baltimore were trapped on a Trailways bus when returning to Baltimore after a WSFA meeting.
Capital City Pride began as a grass roots organization in 1991.
Balticon is the Maryland Regional science fiction convention, sponsored by the Baltimore Science Fiction Society.
The Abergavenny Food Festival is an annual food festival which takes place in the town of Abergavenny in Wales each September.
The name comes from the sponsoring beer brand Karjala.
Guest speakers included Julia Donaldson, Erin Pizzey and Jennie Bond.
Lost Episode Festival Toronto is a publicly attended film festival showcasing horror, sci-fi, action, television, cult cinema, and indie film held annually in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The festival features a wide range of performances from traditional music, to world fusion and contemporary world music.
Rickard Tynell won the first race, held in Switzerland due to lack of snow in Czech Republic.
The Riverside County Fair and National Date Festival is located in Indio, California, a city in the Colorado Desert, approximately 130 miles east from Los Angeles.
The event's popularity grew quickly and by 1977, the attendance reached 70,000.
It is held every even year at the new Berlin ExpoCenter Airport near Schönefeld, Brandenburg 18 km southeast of Berlin, Germany.
The conference is to presentation and discuss research in the theory and application of computational methods for biology.
In its third year, Brickfête also created a travelling road show, which takes a similar, yet smaller show throughout Canada.
In 2013, Denver Comic Con was held May 31-June 2.
GCA GAMES CONVENTION ASIA is a major video game exhibition in the Asia-Pacific region.
Summer NAMM is approximately one quarter the size of the NAMM Show in January and focuses more on industry meetings and professional development than products.
The festival has been a celebration of Florence's "Renaissance City" identity since 1987, and averages between 30–40,000 participants every year.
The Nihon SF Taikai is an annual science fiction convention held in Japan.
The festival will also feature a comedy tent, headlined by Ian Cognito, Sean Hughes and Daniel Sloss alongside other comedians.
The 2011 festival was cancelled because of the April 25–28, 2011 tornado outbreak.
It took place on 7 June and 8 June.
Over the 25 years the site has been opened, it has grown into a 30 acres permanent village with over 100 shops and 12 outdoor stages.
The Alligator Festival is sponsored by the Rotary Club and they collect donations to make the festival possible.
The event featured author readings, vendor booths, clowns, face-painting, live music, book publishing panels and book signings.
The convention focuses on tabletop roleplaying, such as Call of Cthulhu and Dungeons & Dragons, with a strong strand of systemless and "indie" gaming.
Some of the aircraft carry out displays over Guernsey, as part of the Guernsey Air Display, on the same day.
Finlandia-hiihto is a long-distance cross-country skiing competition, held annually in Finland in February.
The festival includes film screenings, filmmaking workshops and panels, concerts by youth bands, and a gala opening night.
Run since 1953, it is a major tourist attraction of the city.
Since then, the event has grown and the 2010 event expanded to 59 buildings, incorporating Docklands in addition to Melbourne’s CBD, and attracted almost 65,000 visitors.
BEA was held in Washington, D.C. in 2006, in New York City in 2007, and in Los Angeles in 2008.
The National Multicultural Festival is a free community festival held annually each February in Canberra.
Representatives from book publishing and multimedia companies from all over the world come to the Interliber in order to present their products to the general public.
Nikos Psacharopoulos, a professor at Yale Drama School and a co-founder, became the executive artistic director and guided the company for over thirty years.
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Tbilisi is a Mercedes-Benz-sponsored Georgian fashion week in its capital city of Tbilisi.
It is held at the St. Charles Parish West Bank Bridge Park under the Hale Boggs Bridge.
It is the official boat show of Croatian Boatbuilding Cluster but it also includes a large number of foreign manufacturers as well.
HalloWeekend's yearly slogan is "All You Fear is Here!".
It is the largest Asian Festival in Canada with over 150,000 attendees each year.
The World Fantasy Convention is an annual convention of professionals, collectors, and others interested in the field of fantasy.
The show was held once a year in Bristol in the spring.
Like most comics conventions, the show includes an autograph area, as well as areas where comics artists sign autographs and sell or do free sketches.
Together Boston is an annual music festival based in Massachusetts that was first held in February, 2010.
The festival is held near Sde Boker, and the themes of the event are creativity, art and personal expression.
Saboten Con is an annual four-day anime convention held during September at the Sheraton Grand Phoenix in Phoenix, Arizona.
On October 20, 2014, BronyCon chairman Josh Dean had announced plans for the convention all the way through 2025.
Approximately 50,300 people attended the event, slightly down from the previous year's.
In 2011, it was established the Festival would take place for three years at Cinema Sao Jorge in Lisbon.
Competitors typically number 6,000 or more, and overall attendance generally exceeds 150,000 visitors.
Every February during President's Day weekend, RadCon hosts a weekend long convention at the Red Lion Hotel in Pasco, Washington.
It is next scheduled for February 20th to February 26th, 2017.
The Festival is named after Joakim Vujić, writer, translator, foreign languages teacher, most esteemed universal theater creator, First Serbian Court Theater Director in Kragujevac 1835/36.
Each year Royal Melbourne Show attracts attendances of up to half a million people.
The festival also has food vendors, an artisan market, beer gardens, workshops, a children's area, and camping.
Hay Dhaka was founded by Peter Florence and Tahmima Anam in 2011, and has taken place annually since then.
The Game Artisons of Canada are one of the primary supplier of new prototypes to this award.
Metrocon is an annual four-day anime convention held during June/July at the Tampa Convention Center in Tampa, Florida.
It was the first time the convention was held outside the United States.
Stellar Occasion is notable for being an early proponent of the television series Babylon 5 and featuring both writers and actors from the show each year.
The November 2013 book fair had a total of 1000 stalls, covering around 2.5 lakh square feet area.
ABC Show is an advertising festival which demonstrates the collection of most awarded commercials and prints of the leading international advertising awards.
Pestival is an international arts festival dedicated to ‘the art of being an insect'.
Midsumma Festival is considered a major event by Tourism Victoria and the City of Melbourne, with both government agencies providing funds to the festival.
However, the earliest mention of a Kumbh Mela at Allahabad occurs only after the mid-19th century.
On occasion, the Festival has been held at the Harris Theater instead of the Pritzker Pavilion.
The 2016 edition of WLM was supported by UNESCO and saw 10,700 contestants from 43 countries who submitted 277,000 photos.
The French air force usually demonstrates some new air capacity as well as overflight by the Patrouille de France, the French aerobatic team.
The event took place at the Los Angeles Convention Center in Los Angeles, California.
It takes place on 4 different continents.
Comics Salón & IstroCON 2012 — September 2012 - Bratislava, Slovakia
A number of Middle Eastern artists and game developers also showcase their work at IGN Convention.
The official motto of the club is "Because there's always time to study later."
In 2015, Gen Con had 61,423 unique attendees, making it one of the largest conventions in North America.
Food trucks, vendors and camping were added options on the American Turner's dates.
The Central Canada Comic Con is an annual fan convention held in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
The festival was started in 1976, and is the longest running cultural festival in Queensland, and the longest running Greek festival in Australia.
The rodeo was primarily a creation of local ranchers led by Herman Rosenberg.
The ProRodeo Hall of Fame in Colorado Springs, Colorado, inducted the Pendleton Round-Up in 2008.
The Arirang performance has been included in the Guinness Book of Records."
The Consumer Electronics Show is an annual trade show organized by the Consumer Technology Association.
ChinaJoy or China Digital Entertainment Expo & Conference is a digital entertainment expo held annually in Shanghai, China.
The Symposium runs each year over the course of the Spring semester, as a counterpart to the Milton S. Eisenhower Symposium.
The festival takes place in several parks and plazas where the balloons lift off and feature rides, games, music, and trade booths.
2012 will mark the 142nd year the fair has been in operation.
The São Paulo International Motor Show is the biggest and most important automotive event in Latin America.
The name is derived from "fen", the fannish plural of "fan", and "con", an abbreviation for "convention".
The 33rd edition of 2015 witnessed a footfall of about 40,000, making it the largest cultural fest of Northern India.
Although formally started on 1 February 2016, they were formally suspended only two days later, on 3 February 2016.
FRYfest is a one-day ‘Celebration of all that is Hawkeye’ to kick off the Hawkeye athletic seasons the Friday before the first home football game.
In the past, The event had taken place in early September, and lasted 9 to 10 days.
Northern Voice 2007 - February 23 and 24, 2007
The obvious name for a con in Boston would, of course, be "Boscon"; the similarity was noticed and embraced.
Participants carry their bikes on MAX Light Rail to the Washington Park station next to the Oregon Zoo.
The guest of honor was Willy Ley.
It takes place in the city of Barcelona since 1981, and is an event of reference on the Spanish comic market.
It is currently part of the ITTF World Tour.
CeBIT 2018 will take place on June 11 through 15.
It was re-branded as Phoenix Fan Fest and moved to October in 2016 at the Phoenix Convention Center.
The New Music Seminar originally ran from 1980 – 1995 and was relaunched in 2009.
The four night cultural extravaganza also features many shows and performances by artists from all over the world.
Cascadia Con was the eighth North American Science Fiction Convention, held in SeaTac, Washington, on September 1–5, 2005, at the Seattle Airport Hilton and Conference Center.
The chairman was Milton A. Rothman, replacing the late James A. Williams.
The organiser was Mike Allwood, formerly of Area 51, a comic shop based in Bristol.
Unlike the World Cup ranking, however, the actual points scored during the competitions are the ones that are used to determine the winner.
They normally do the races of coasts or in large deep swimming pools.
In 2013, the show utilized the entire Washington State Convention and Trade Center for the first time.
Portland's Hempstalk Festival is an annual event in Portland, Oregon advocating decriminalization of marijuana for medicinal, industrial, and recreational use.
The festival has partnered with Pump Audio, Dublin Tourism, Dublin people, Eircom and Balcony SponTV.
Thunder Over the Boardwalk is an annual airshow held over the Atlantic City boardwalk every summer.
The event originated in 1997 and hosts professional contests, exhibitions, fashion forums and professional evaluations.
The Farm Show Complex houses 24 acres under its roof, spread throughout eleven buildings, including three arenas.
LCM+L showcases vintage computers which provide interactive sessions, either through time-sharing operating systems or single-user interfaces.
The event features comic books, toys, games, science-fiction, horror, anime, non-sport cards and collectibles.
The modern fair takes place in August and lasts 11 days.
It is the only Spanish airshow fully dedicated to corporate and sport aircraft.
The Sports section is more concerned with the physical side with training camps of different sorts, including a week for juniors before the O-Ringen.
The festival is historically based in the 16th century, under the reign of King Henry VIII.
Araba Euskaraz is the festivity that ikastola-s of Álava celebrate.
It occurs during the Midsummer week every year in Nyhem in Mullsjö Municipality, Sweden.
One of the guests that attended was Toren Smith, writer of the American Dirty Pair comic and founder of Studio Proteus.
Lasting ten days writers participate in a development workshop tailor made to fit the needs of their project.
BookExpo America is the largest annual book trade fair in the United States.
The Kansas City Renaissance Festival is a Renaissance fair held each fall in Bonner Springs, Kansas.
The convention was created in 2005 by Daniel Velasquez.
The Velo-city 1980 also inspired the founding of the European Cyclists' Federation in 1983.
In 2014, The Wall Street Journal blog estimated that TIF is one of 5 places in Japan to enjoy summer music festivals.
The show includes both air displays and static exhibitions of various Civil and Military aircraft, along with displays from vendors, suppliers and production organisations.
Acting as FIS World Cup preselections, the competitions are international.
Calgary has a strong boardgame community, which the Calgary Herald credits to events like FallCon and game store The Sentry Box [1].
Many people return to Towersey each year for the festival.
Orders and commitments for 758 aircraft were announced, worth US$72 billion.
World Whisky Day was founded in 2012 and falls on the third Saturday of May each year.
Green Man is an independent music and arts festival held annually in mid-August in the Brecon Beacons, Wales since 2003.
Established in 2005, it offers seven undergraduate courses and nine postgraduate courses.
From the inaugural 1988 event through 1997, teams of American League-affiliated Triple-A All-Stars faced off against teams of National League-affiliated Triple-A All-Stars.
National Astronomy Week is an event held every few years in the United Kingdom to promote public awareness of astronomy by celebrating notable astronomical events.
and provides a platform for students to enhance knowledge in the field learning from veterans through events, competitions and case studies.
First held in 1990 with just 380 people in attendance, A-Kon is North America's longest running national anime convention.
The largest attendance to date is thought to be that of 1969, when 60,000 people were present.
Organizers describe the event as "a weekend-long party with friends."
It was started in 1981 and is hosted by Albert Gabriel Nigrin.
Tournament is considered a must for couples who wish to improve their dancing class.
Conpulsion is the oldest, largest gaming convention in Scotland, hosted by the Edinburgh University Roleplaying Society annually in Teviot Student Union, Edinburgh.
The aforementioned parties said they would now focus on possible new setups of the event in the future.
It is used to discover and launch female fashion models in the international fashion marketplace, like the similar Ford Models' Supermodel of the World contest.
Stellar Occasion was a three-day science fiction convention held in the Dallas, Texas area in the mid to late 1990s.
SFContario is a general-interest science fiction convention held in Toronto, Ontario, Canada and sponsored by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Society of Upper Canada.
The Igogo festival is a Yoruba festival held in Owo, Nigeria.
It is the largest of its kind in Latin America.
Luca Raffaelli directed the event from its first edition to its 11th.
The expo is organized at Thekkinkadu Maidan and is organized by Mechanical Engineering Department of Government Engineering College, Thrissur.
It is one of the largest air shows, after France's Salon du Bourget.
The PLASA Show is an annual trade show hosted at Olympia and organised by the Professional Lighting and Sound Association.
An anticipated return in 2016 was cancelled and no announcements have been made for 2017 as of April 4, 2017.
The conference is organised by students of Maastricht University.
Total attendance for the convention was reported as 5,811 members.
Comic Con encompasses several genres, including comic, horror, sci-fi, anime, gaming, and pop culture, with a particular focus on the Los Angeles community.
The festival explores the connections between classical music, folk music and world music from the Middle Ages until the early 19th century.
Prix « Coup de coeur Accor » to Mamadou Konaté
The Birkie is a member race of the Worldloppet Ski Federation.
The festival initially took place at the Fort, before settling down in its current location at the SideWalk Cafe in 1993.
The actual distance however varies from year to year.
The Riverside County Fair and National Date Festival takes place in Indio, California.
This gives users a chance to actually use the computers on-line or in person in the museum.
The United Nations has proclaimed that Asteroid Day will be observed globally on June 30 every year in its resolution.
From 1997 to 2007, it featured the Euro Formula 3000, with drivers like Thomas Biagi, André Lotterer and Marco Bonanomi.
Steam Era is a festival held every Labour Day Weekend in the Town of Milton, Ontario featuring historic steam tractors.
The guest of honor was John W. Campbell, Jr., the editor of Astounding magazine.
Since 2011 Eu'Vend takes place in conjunction with coffeena.
The festival’s line up in the past has included Mirenda Rosenberg, Tony Allen and many other recognised national and international artists.
EduTECH is an annual two-day educational technology conference and exhibition in Australia.
The Northeast Conference on Science and Skepticism is a four-day conference focusing on science and skepticism held annually in New York City.
The Istanbul Book Fair is Turkey's largest book event, held annually since 1982.
The 2007 AVN Expo had over 30,000 attendees, which included 355 exhibiting companies.
The main mascots are "Bummy" the tiger", which means tiger), and "Tanko".
DemiCon is an annual volunteer-run science fiction, fantasy, and gaming convention held in Des Moines, Iowa, in early May.
Here are the total marks for each school at the 2017 MTBS:
The main events occur twice per year, and are held at the Portland Airport Holiday Inn Conference Center in Portland Oregon, United States of America.
IndieCade or Indiecade is an international juried festival of independent games.
Other attendees included Vladimir Valentinovich Veselovsky of the Provisional Territories of the Free Autocratic Republic of Totalitarianism, who was criticized for approach to micronationalism.
The festival was created in 2003 and occurs on the run-up to the World Pipe Band Championships.
Aircraft such as Beriev Be-200, A-40, Be-12P-200 and Be-103 are frequently shown at Hydroaviasalon.
The 2015 Mr. Olympia contest was an IFBB professional bodybuilding competition that was held on September 19–21, 2015, in Las Vegas, Nevada.
The organisers continued to lose money on the festival in 2008, 2009, and 2010.
The São Paulo Art Biennial was founded in 1951 and has been held every two years since.
Kempenfest is an outdoor arts and crafts festival in Barrie, Ontario, Canada.
The convention was conceived by Apple Computer co-founder Steve Wozniak.
The rally is famed for its toughness and spartan facilities.
Pride Winnipeg Festival is a 10-day LGBT pride festival, held annually in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
AniZona was an annual anime convention based in Arizona that took place annually on Easter weekend, hosted by AniZona Inc., a non-profit volunteer organization.
The convention's name comes from the Japanese word "neko", meaning "cat".
Until 2016, the event was held at the nearby New England Air Museum.
2012: Vernor Vinge, Greer Gilman, Lev Grossman, Jennifer Pelland, Thomas Sniegoski, R.L.
The Calhoun County Fair in Marshall, Michigan is Michigan's oldest continuous running fair.
It is Canada's longest-running anime convention, the first being held in 1994.
ConFusion has a consuite as well as room parties hosted by other conventions, WorldCon bids, and local clubs.
The Tulsa State Fair is a fair and exposition in Tulsa, Oklahoma that operates during an 11-day span starting the fourth Thursday after Labor Day.
Guests of honour were author Kim Stanley Robinson, fan Robin Johnson, and artist Shaun Tan.
SXSW V2V is the newest South by Southwest conference; it features a startup competition, panel discussions, and mentoring workshops for entrepreneurs.
The Alabama Renaissance Faire is a Renaissance fair held annually in downtown Florence, Alabama, in Wilson Park.
Other events on the convention program include a games room, book launches, and the Saturday evening dance.
NASFiC, held in Los Angeles, on Labor Day weekend 1975, at the Los Angeles Airport Marriott, was the first North American Science Fiction Convention.
It showcases over 70 performers both local and international.
The convention resumed operation in 2011 as an 18-and-older event.
Every year of Aanayoottu, gaja pooja, is conducted.
These dynamics offer fresh potential for growth but also involve geopolitical and geo-economic challenges for all stakeholders in the region.
Ziggurat Con was a role-playing game convention held on June 10, 2007.
The convention was organized by Massachusetts Convention Fandom, Inc., and the organizing committee was chaired by Deb Geisler.
The event was birthed at Katsucon in 2008 and has grown to include a rotating roster of artists, a podcast, and online competitions.
Nashik-Trimbakeshwar Simhastha is a Hindu religious mela held every 12 years in the Nashik district of Maharashtra, India.
The London Jazz Festival is a London-wide music festival held every November.
Modesitt, Jr., Tracy Hickman, Anne Wingate, Dan Willis, Bradley Williams, Eric James Stone, James Dashner, Dave Wolverton, Paul Genesse, Kevin Wasden, and Howard Tayler.
Strongly supported by the State and the City of São Paulo government authorities, the event counts with a solid security plan.
It is held at Wanaka Airport, 10 km south-east of Wanaka, in the southern South Island of New Zealand.
In recent years, the festivities have been preceded by live entertainment, including performances by musicians.
It hosts many shows and attractions, as well as different types of rides and concession stands.
"NASFiC" was an initialism for North American Science Fiction Convention.
Rally Finland is among the largest annually organised public events in the Nordic countries, attracting hundreds of thousands of spectators each year.
The next Leeds Pride will take place on the 5 and 6 August 2017.
It is traditionally a three-day event and features a fan-friendly experience that allows the fans to interact with comic professionals at all levels.
is a 3 day annual event held in Baie-Saint-Paul in province of Quebec, in Canada.
Under the leadership of UNESCO, the IYL 2015 brought together hundreds of national and international partners to organize more than 13,000 activities in 147 countries.
Fangoria magazine editor Tony Timpone was the Master of Ceremonies and Co-Producer of the shows during its time with Creation Entertainment.
It is sponsored by the Cable-Satellite Public Affairs Network's Classroom project.
Rolling Stone Magazine ranked it at number 343 on its list of the 500 greatest albums of all time in 2003.
The race always takes place on the day following the Head of the River Race.
This "Continental Convention", the first of its kind, was held because Melbourne, Australia, was selected as the location for the 1975 Worldcon.
The 5th and final Build took place in November 2013 at The MAC.
From 1948 until the 1960s, the convention was held over the three-day Whitsun bank holiday at the end of May.
In years where Easter Sunday falls on the usually scheduled weekend, Thunder is moved a week earlier.
This corresponds to about 5 hours for the original 1206 AD Birkebeiner flight.
Stumptown Comics Fest was a comic book convention, held annually in Portland, Oregon from 2004–2013.
The event includes a variety of activities and forms of expressions.
The venues for 58th Worldcon were Hyatt Regency Chicago, Sofitel Hotel and Fairmont Hotel.
Since 2010 the show is held every two years.
While ShadowCon is organized mostly by members of the Society for Creative Anachronism, the event is not officially recognized, sponsored, or sanctioned by SCA.
Coaches are not allowed to vote for their own players.
Saturday 7 May – The Third Man @ Chesil Tunnel, Winchester
In 2012 the cup consisted of 7 races.
It is located in a converted finca off the end of the airport runway on the south-east side of the island.
According to the organizers, some 70,000 to 80,000 people visited the 2011 festival, while the number of exhibitors exceeded 400.
Over the years, CAN•CON has had as guests or attendees the cream of Canadian English and French speculative fiction writers and artists.
Wing Bowl is an annual eating contest founded in 1993 by Philadelphia talk-radio hosts Angelo Cataldi and Al Morganti.
A number of stages made out of snow are also constructed and some events including musical performances are held.
The convention chair was Julian C. May.
It was remarkable for being the only known role-playing convention held in a war zone.
From 1989 until the show's demise in 1996, it was the home of the Harvey Award ceremonies.
It takes place in mid-September each year, and is one of two state fairs in Oklahoma.
In 2012, it was held in the Plaza de Armas in the historic centre of Trujillo.
In 2014 there was a fallow year, before the return of the festival in 2015.
OUToberfest was initially conceptualized by Knol Aust, Duane Smith and Jenni Smith.
The competition is held on ski jumps with artificial surfaces.
The guest of honor at the second Worldcon was E. E. "Doc" Smith.
The event was first held in 1979 and is now one of the largest in Europe.
The Grand Floral Parade is held in Pierce County, Washington every April.
After previously cancelling their 2011 event, the group cancelled its 2012 convention and all foreseeable future events in September 2011.
LGBT documentary film It Doesn’t Define Us was screened at the 2010 festival.
The Kish Airshow also known as Persian Gulf Airshow is an aviation airshow held biennially on Kish Island, Iran.
It is also called "Australia's Celebration of Spring".
Conucopia was the seventh North American Science Fiction Convention, held in Anaheim, California, on August 26–29, 1999, at the Anaheim Marriott.
Tartu Ski Marathon is a long-distance cross-country skiing competition, held annually in Estonia, on third Sunday of February.
It has also featured on the World Tourism Organization UNWTO calendar.
The festival also presents parades, presentations and competitions of Peruvian paso horses.
RockNess 2009 was the fourth RockNess Festival to take place.
The event is not sponsored by the Lego Company however it is recognized as a fan event by them.
Hyder Seek is a long-distance motorcycle riding event held annually between 1998 and 2012.
The convention provided a relaxed environment for people who enjoy science fiction to meet new friends and talk about their interests.
The annual fair continues to grow despite the fact its arrival is frequently accompanied by significant amounts of rain,.
The current venue is the Messukeskus Helsinki convention centre in Helsinki, the capital city of Finland.
The 1989 U-Con had a format of games from Friday evening through Sunday evening.
Pre-registration for professionals, exhibitors, and guests starts from four months before the event.
Aero GP is the only international, televised event where aeroplanes race simultaneously.
The Downtown Oakville Jazz Festival is produced by volunteers and co-ordinated by the Downtown Oakville Business Improvement Area.
The last event took place in Washington, D.C. on September 2-4, 2016.
There are often informal meetings on fifth Fridays.
To stop people evading the entrance fee, 8 ft high scaffolding covered with nylon netting was erected.
In 2017, the event will be April 21-23.
Lord of Huaman Festival, is a patronal feast celebrated every year in the Peruvian town of Santiago de Huamán, at west part of Trujillo city.
There is a large exhibitors area at Supanova where attendees can purchase merchandise from one of the many traders present.
The Havana Biennial Art Exhibition takes place in Havana every two years.
Kamratmästerskapen was a Swedish football cup tournament played 1901–1924 and 1940–1945.
Participants of this programme include KVPY fellows, INSPIRE scholars, 1st year science undergraduates studying in IISc, IISER's, IIT's, NISER and other central universities.
Annually since 1986, ISFiC has hosted a writers contest, open to unpublished authors.
Since 2007 the locations that have hosted the Dublin City Soul Festival include The Grand Social, Merrion Square park and Meeting House Square.
It started in 2003 and was sold in 2009 to Wizard Entertainment owner Gareb Shamus.
King Richard’s Faire is the longest-running renaissance fair in New England.
Visions was an annual science fiction convention held from 1990 to 1998 in Rosemont, Illinois on Thanksgiving weekend.
European Cyclists’ Federation owns the series name, and the ECF Board is the decision-making body for Velo-city.
DC State Fair is an organization in Washington, D.C., that is culturally analogous to state fairs elsewhere in the United States.
It is the expanded format of what was once known as World Maths Day but it now includes World Literacy Day and World Science Day too.
The 2010 festival will be moved two weeks later to avoid the conflict and decrease the chance for colder weather that hit in 2009.
This theme was intended to celebrate the artistic traditions and contemporary practices of the diverse communities within South Africa and to explore Cape Town's "Afropolitan" reality.
The new festival has been a huge success each year under new organisation and have kept the festival legacy alive.
In 2014, the GSMA announced that their annual summer event in China would be rebranded under the Mobile World Congress banner as "Mobile World Congress Shanghai".
The average temperature in summer is 21.2 °C, and –16.8 °C in winter.
The main race takes place on Sunday - the 76 km long Tranjurassienne in skating-style - the longest skating race on the Worldloppet tour.
This Pushkaram is observed for a period of 12 days from the time of entry of Jupiter into Karka rasi.
The inaugural event was held March 18–20, 2016 at San Jose's McEnery Convention Center.
The Junior World Ski Orienteering Championships were first held in 1994.
The convention was originally called Visions but was renamed HME Visions in 1998.
VidCon is a multi-genre online video conference, held annually in Southern California since 2010.
Competitors were required to solve a local problem by coding.
Special events, game competition, presentation, and workshops will also be held during the show.
Nordischer Klang is organised by a non-profit society loosely associated with the Department of Nordic Studies at the University of Greifswald.
It was launched in 1995 with the aim of developing interest and encouraging innovation in technology among students.
The primary goal of the convention is to bridge the gap between the Iranian high-tech start-ups and the western investors.
Distinguished jurors invited to participate are established professionals from a diverse selection of art disciplines within Iowa.
Private training meetings for general and area leaders of the church are also conducted.
Founded as a speculative fiction convention, it repackaged itself as a festival celebrating geek and fan culture in 2008.
Through 2008, the fair was held at the Richmond Raceway Complex, located in eastern Henrico County, just outside the capital city of Richmond.
The event is described as a mix between popular musical and circus-arts.
The first show, India Aviation 2008, was held from 15 to 18 October 2008.
Its focus is on furries: fictional anthropomorphic animal characters in art and literature.
Ultra Music Festival is an annual outdoor electronic music festival that takes place during March in the city of Miami, Florida.
The jury also honored Ranjith Kally for his life's work.
It is new and will be an Annual Boardgame convention modeled after its sister convention The Winter Nationals that is held in Feb of each year..
In 2012 the festival will officially be renamed Mississippi Pride.
After a seven-year hiatus, the convention returned to an annual schedule in 2004.
Asteroid Day is held on the anniversary of the June 30, 1908 Siberian Tunguska event, the most harmful known asteroid-related event on Earth in recent history.
NAMM is a trade-only business show catering to domestic and international dealers and distributors.
The festival programme includes performing arts, visual art exhibitions, films, talks and workshops, a large food and craft fair and historical tours of the city.
Theatre Bizarre is an annual Halloween masquerade staged at the Detroit Masonic Temple.
Lilac festival is an annual street festival held in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
The name is used with the parenthesis to indicate support of Scottish, Canadian, and Japanese whiskies as well as Irish and American whiskeys.
In 2011, Electric Zoo expanded to a 3-day festival and with 85,000 attendees.
The International Kite Festival is regarded as one of the biggest festivals celebrated.
Electronic Game Show, known also as EGS, is the largest video game convention that takes place in Mexico.
The Foreign Affairs Symposium is an entirely student-run lecture series sponsored by The Johns Hopkins University.
SpoCon is a sister convention to GameCon Spokane, MisCon, RadCon and Tactical Solutions.
As children go free, the show is wonderful attraction for all the family during the summer season.
The festival provides financial support to the Musical Youth Foundation, a charity that provides every child on the island of Ireland with a musical education.
The show included an autograph area, as well as an Artists' Alley where comics artists signed autographs and drew sketches.
The convention was the first UK anime event to provide a fan room with free space for fanzines and fanclubs.
The event is held two times a year in February and July each year
The World Business Forum is an annual global business summit held in New York City.
He has managed to achieve a national theater."
It is now held in neighboring northwest Mississippi.
The show has raised more than £1.5 million for the Royal Air Forces Association over 21 years.
Smith, L. Sprague de Camp, editor John W. Campbell and fantasy artist Hannes Bok, who did Nolacon's program book cover.
The festival wraps up with BC's largest massed pipe band display around 4pm, a grand finale on the main stage and an expanded beer garden.
The tournament has been dominated by Swedish and Russian teams.
Theodore Sturgeon, also on the panel, replied that 90% of everything was crud.
Even though the meeting time is at 12 noon, the parade doesn't start to move before 2 or 3 PM.
New peace negotiations took place in 2016 in the new Geneva peace talks on Syria.
The first Indiana State Fair on its present site along East 38th Street was held in 1892.
They take part in parade, races, football and dance earning praises from the spectators.
The festival is 35 acres in size, taking place on a 165-acre site.
The 2014 convention in UC Brekeley attracted more than 700 Iranian high-tech executives and entrepreneurs.
It has been voted one of the UK's top festivals by Planet Rock listeners and the Daily Telegraph.
Specifically, they examine how games can be used to transform how people learn and what implications that knowledge has for society.
Since 1996, it has been held in Columbus, Ohio at the Greater Columbus Convention Center.
Trujillo Marinera Festival is a Peruvian cultural event held annually in Trujillo city in January.
PAX is a series of gaming festivals held in Seattle, Boston, Melbourne, Philadelphia, and San Antonio.
The event's format is similar to Google Developer Day.
The total attendance of the event was 177,500.
A television reality series, Rock N' Roll Fantasy Camp, produced by Mark Burnett Productions, has aired on VH1 Classic for two seasons.
The next BayCon will be held from Friday, May 26, through Monday, May 29, 2017 in San Mateo, California.
The event also featured aircraft from the Battle of Britain, featuring pyrotechnics and audio effects.
The La Ferté-Alais Air Show is an annual meeting of aviation enthusiasts in La Ferté-Alais, France.
IndieCade is known as "the video game industry's Sundance."
The Southeast Tourism Society ranked the festival among their "Top Twenty Events".
The 2016 Festival was held on the 16 & 17 July.
Argentina's most important fashion event, BAFWEEK showcases both leading brands and emerging designers.
Launched in 1993 in Ghent, it has grown over the years and now welcomes over 30,000 visitors at each edition.
Leeds LGBT Pride is an annual LGBT Pride celebration held in the city of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
Unicon was an annual science fiction convention held in Maryland and at least once in Washington, D.C. from 1975 through 1989.
The 70th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Chicon 7, was held in Chicago, Illinois, August 30-September 3, 2012, at the Hyatt Regency Chicago.
To explain the goals of the event organizer JT Eberhard wrote: “Skeptics conferences are an important part of the movement.
The fair takes place each year starting on the first Thursday after Labor Day and lasts for 11 days.
The festival includes the world's biggest ice sculptures.
It is traditionally held over Memorial Day weekend.
The convention's name is a blend of the words ai and convention and is derived from its slogan "For the love of anime".
In 2015, an event was held in San Antonio, Texas, and dubbed PAX South.
They were preceded by the European Championships which were held twice in 1994 and 1995.
In 2016, The Fair will extend its flagship September event to 21 days by opening on Labor Day weekend.
It has become one of the symbols of the city of Opole, and it is located in the spot where an early Slavic settlement once stood.
Ropecon hosts a wide variety of different types of games, including role-playing games, live action role-playing games, collectible card games, miniature wargames and strategy games.
Organised by SFera, it is the largest and the longest running science fiction convention in southeastern Europe.
Food concessions are a major attraction of the fair.
The event is organized by leaders.we.love., an executive education and management content firm.
In 2013, the event cap was lowered by approximately 1,000.
In 2015, The town opted to buy out of their contract with RFO in response to the previous year's disappointment.
It includes distinctly branded sections, including GX and SFX, and formerly CNAnime.
Hastings Musical Festival is an annual festival of the performing arts held in the White Rock Theatre, Hastings, England.
Spitalfields Music is a music charity based in the Spitalfields area of the London Borough of Tower Hamlets.
Awards for each age group are rewarded at the end of the day.
In 2014, the show had a record number of debuts with more than 65 World and North American debuts.
The first gathering in 2010 was known as MinecraftCon.
The Minnesota Renaissance Festival began in September 1971 on a 22-acre field in Jonathan, Minnesota.
The inaugural 2011 show due to be held between 29 April to 8 May was cancelled by the organisers, Marine Industry Events.
The Nordic Game Conference 2017 edition will be held 17–19 May 2017 also in Malmö, Sweden.
As part of their set, Florence and the Machine performed a cover of the Foo Fighters' "Times Like These", which they dedicated to Grohl.
In 2003, the festival became formally constituted and set up as a registered charity.
Blazing Swan is an annual regional Burning Man event held in Kulin, Western Australia.
International Open DanceSport Tournament is a dancesport tournament held on annual basis in Krasnodar region.
Dota 2 is played in matches between two teams of five players, with each team occupying and defending their own separate base on the map.
The Kecskemét International Air Show is a two-day-long air show held since the early 1990s at the Kecskemét Air Base of the Hungarian Defence Force.
LepreCon 41 will be held from June 23-26, 2016 at the Embassy Suites Phoenix North Hotel in Phoenix, Arizona.
Comics Salón 2014 — September 2014 - Bratislava, Slovakia — 12,000 attendees
The 81st National Trout Festival will take place from April 26 to April 30, 2017.
Until 2007, the number of attendees varied between 2,000 and 4,200; however, during WWDC 2007, Steve Jobs noted that there were more than 5,000 attendees.
A second convention was held on November 18–20, 2011, at the Ramada Plaza Hotel in Toronto.
The Queens International Film Festival, in Queens, New York, USA, ran from 2003-2009.
The scenes of Berikaoba range from those of explicitly erotic nature to political satire and social protest.
ROFLCon was first organized by a group of students from Harvard University led by Tim Hwang.
Comics Salón & IstroCON 2010 — September 2010 - Bratislava, Slovakia
In 2015, additional events include entertainment from performance pipe bands and the duty band will be the RCMP E. Division Pipe Band of British Columbia.
The Beaufort Street Festival is an annual community street festival in Perth, Western Australia that takes place each November along Beaufort Street and nearby streets.
It starts with a parade on 18 September, celebrating the liberation of Eindhoven during World War II on that date in 1944.
During the festival, the town is described as being transported back in time.
The programme includes Sprint, Middle and Long Distance competitions, and a Relay for both men and women.
Around 30 volunteers and students are working for 10 days for preparations, as well as ice carvers, designers, ice cutters, architects and artists.
Being annual, the first event was first held in 1988.
Puppets on Film is the screening portion of the International Festival of Animated Objects.
The Sapporo International Ski Marathon is a cross-country skiing marathon in Japan.
The participants are mostly civilians, but there are also a few thousand military participants.
The Portland Rose Festival is an annual civic festival held during the month of June in Portland, Oregon.
ShadowCon is a science fiction and fantasy convention, held in Oslo, Norway every year in July/August.
The Alabama Shakespeare Festival is among the ten largest Shakespeare festivals in the world.
In 2016, following the 2015 South Indian floods, for the first time, the book fair was rescheduled to be held in May.
Somerville Open Studios is the largest Open Studio event in New England, and the third largest in America.
The 28th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Heicon '70, was held 20–24 August 1970 at the Stadthalle Heidelberg in Heidelberg, West Germany.
The PRCA, formed in 1936, initially scheduled no events for women as a result of her death.
While a few of the participants are Ålanders, the majority travel from mainland Finland and Sweden for the convention.
Colombo Fashion Week was conceived in 2003, as a project that was focused on uplifting Sri Lanka's fashion design industry.
During the eleven-day run, the Oklahoma State Fair attracts close to one million people.
The Pennsylvania Society is an annual weekend retreat for Pennsylvania's politicians and business leaders held in New York City.
The show includes an international flair with gardens coming from Chicago, Chile, The United States, and the Chinese region of Yanghzou, among others.
Taunton Flower Show is an annual flower show held in Vivary Park, Taunton, Somerset, England.
Another regular attraction is the NASA Glenn Research Center, which usually has an exhibit located near the back of the show.
The race is named the "Head" of the Ohio because it is a head race.
Like most comic book conventions, in addition to exhibitor tables, each show features art exhibits, panel discussions, and workshops.
Ghats in Vijayawada: Padmavathi Ghat, Krishnaveni Ghat, Durga Ghat, Sithanagaram Ghat, Punnami Ghat, Bhavani Ghat, Pavithra Sangam Ghat
The stages were: Rock, Classic Rock, Country, Blues, Comedy, Roller Disco, Pin Ball Arcade, Jazz, Children's, Variety, Ethnic, as well as a Main stage seating 30,000.
With a few exceptions the ski jumping events are held chronologically at Oberstdorf, Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Innsbruck and Bischofshofen.
Organizer Lankford was known for his generosity in regards to Artists' Alley, often giving even marginal creators free tables at the convention.
The Royal Agricultural Winter Fair, colloquially called the Royal, is an annual fall fair in Toronto, Canada, which takes place over two weeks in November.
It is the largest poetry-only conference in America and possibly the world as well as the only conference which focuses on traditional craft.
It is held on the Hilton College campus each year in September and runs for four days.
The first 12 days of the Godavari Pushkaram are known as "Aadhi Pushkaram" and the last 12 days are titled "Anthya Pushkaralu".
Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Al Nahyan, President of the UAE and Supreme Commander of the UAE Armed Forces is the show's benefactor.
It is run by Storm Fashion Company and the title sponsor is Blenders Pride.
The local cast at LARF is composed of enthusiasts from all over southeast Louisiana.
It is programmed and managed by Co-Artistic Directors and sopranos, Deborah Roberts and Clare Norburn.
It had more than fifty corporate partners.
The upcoming 2016 AirSea Show is dedicated to the island of Thasos and the 100 years from the construction of a military airport near Prinos village.
It is in its 32nd consecutive running year.
The LA Auto Show is an OICA sanctioned international exhibition and also endorsed by the Greater Los Angeles New Car Dealers Association.
The Bethpage Air Show is an annual American air show held each May on Memorial Day weekend.
The event finishes with 'Walk the Wight', the largest walk from Bembridge to The Needles.
All branches of the military are represented at the show.
It is the largest comics festival in Europe, and the second biggest in the world after the Comiket.
High Plains Comedy Festival is a comedy festival held each August in Denver, Colorado.
The name was changed to International Festival of Comics in 1999, during the tenth edition of the con.
The event attracts numerous famous musicians, many of whom are endorsed by exhibitors and come to promote their own signature models and equipment.
It constitutes one of the largest annual tourist events in Central Texas, with an estimated economic impact of 30-35,000,000 dollars per year.
The game also allows for the community to create custom game modes, maps, and hero cosmetics, which are uploaded to the Steam Workshop.
They present their skills to their full potential, providing wholesome entertainment to those gathered at the venue.
Sister events of Cityscape Abu Dhabi are Cityscape Global, Cityscape Egypt, Cityscape Riyadh, Cityscape Jeddah, Cityscape Qatar, Latin America and Cityscape Asia
The programming is typical of a fan convention, including an art show, panel discussions on a variety of topics, Staempunk music, crafts workshops, vendors, and performances.
It is one of the largest public book fairs in the Horn of Africa.
It is held every year in the month of January that coincides with the Magh Bihu, the harvest festival in Assam.
Living Computers: Museum + Labs is a computer and technology museum located in the SoDo neighborhood of Seattle, Washington.
Like Rally Finland, this rally is known to be very difficult for non-Nordic drivers.
It is associated with the coal mining heritage of the Durham Coalfield, which stretched throughout the traditional County of Durham.
It was the first Worldcon held outside North America.
Langkawi International Maritime and Aerospace Exhibition is a maritime and aerospace exhibition that takes place once every two years in Langkawi, Malaysia.
It has six stages and features an international roster of artists as well as a strong contingent of Canadian talent.
Laconia Motorcycle Week is a motorcycle rally held annually in June in Laconia, New Hampshire, USA.
The conference took place on 22 January 2014 in Montreux, on 23–31 January 2014 in Geneva, and again on 10–15 February 2014.
Also, no more than one person per bike.
Clonmel Junction Festival was established in 2001 and has grown to be one of the most significant cultural celebrations of the Irish summer festival season.
As part of the lineup, Nelson performed on the third day.
The Miami Book Fair is an annual literary festival event realized in Miami by Miami Dade College.
In 2007, a short documentary about roleplaying was filmed at Arcanacan XXI for the Channel 31 television programme Planet Nerd.
The festival has been held every October since 1971 and offers handmade crafts, live music, and apples.
Sunday 20 May – Performance @ The Railway, Winchester
This involves showings of two episodes of an anime series, two TV series episodes and a movie choice.
Gamers' Day is a gaming exhibition held every year in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
The venues are all in close proximity to each other.
These publications inlclude Autosport, Motorsport News and F1 Racing, who all actively participate at the show.
The cultural festival incorporates predominantly Afrikaans theatre, dance, music, cabaret and visual arts held in a variety of venues in and around the town.
The Deutschland Cup is an in-season international ice hockey tournament hosted by the German Ice Hockey Federation which has been contested in most years since 1987.
The convention was originally created as a Japanese anime convention but subsequently covered many other aspects of geek culture, such as Steampunk, Sci-Fi, Fantasy, Gaming etc.
Dancers that chose the first syllabus must base their routines on Waltz, Tango, Viennese Waltz, Slow Foxtrot and Quickstep.
Competition archery takes a wide variety of formats, but the title "World Championships" is commonly reserved for the following three events.
The keynote speakers have included Christopher Gillberg, Geraldine Dawson and Paul Ashwood of the MIND Institute.
2015 FallCon announced some changes to the line-up of their event, including a giant version of King of Tokyo.
EDEX Expo is an annual career fair and exhibition in Sri Lanka which is the flagship event of EDEX.
In 2013, around 70,000 people attended, which was a 30% increase from the year before.
It is one of the longest running horror conventions in the United States.
The Oblation Run is an annual event held by the University of the Philippines chapters of Alpha Phi Omega in the different UP campuses.
The World Orienteering Championships were first held in 1966.
In 2016, it was held on Friday 15 to Sunday 17 July.
The attending membership at the convention was 3,751.
The show was established by the College following the decision by Gateshead Council to axe the Gateshead Flower Show.
The track than leads over both Lake Sils and Lake Silvaplana.
The show was first held in 1866 and apart from during the Second World War, has been held every year since.
Festive foods like laddoo, ghee and sweet potatoes are distributed.
The event is a collaboration between many different businesses and organisations in Singapore with the purpose of encouraging sustainability.
The North Texas State Fair and Rodeo is a fair held in Denton, Texas.
It is a nine-day biennial festival of dance and dancing, held in 2006, 2008, 2010, 2012 & 2014.
The Canadian Lakehead Exhibition is an annual regional fair in Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada.
Bak-Anime is an annual two-day anime convention held at the Kern County Fairgrounds in Bakersfield, California by the staff of Sac-Anime.
All money raised from Ragstock is donated to Royal Marsden Cancer Campaign.
There have been six conferences since its inception in the inaugural event held on 4 December 2005, with others in 2006, 2007, 2008, 2010 and 2013.
The guest of honour was Brian W. Aldiss.
The event included 117 sessions with 163 speakers, and 1,040 registered participants from 35 countries.
A focal point of the event is the Harley village, where campsites are located as well as the official Harley-Davidson dealership.
Starbase Indy is held annually during the Friday through Sunday of Thanksgiving weekend in Indianapolis, Indiana.
2 Athletes from each school take part in an event, adding up to 8 athletes in each event.
Premium Dota 2 tournaments often have prize pools totaling millions of US dollars, the highest of any eSport.
The revised logo marks the directional integrity in the organisation of the festival.
Since 2014, Geek Picnic has been held in Moscow and St. Petersburg.
It was revived in 2008 by the city government of Tacloban, Philippines.
As well as many more aircraft, military vehicles and re-enactors from the Military Reenactment Society and other New Zealand reenactment groups,
Harbin is located in Northeast China and receives cold winter wind from Siberia.
It was the 47th Mr. Olympia competition.
The DWGE is the largest event for video games and digital entertainment industry in the Middle East & North African region.
U-Con first developed out of the Michigan Wargaming Club.
Brickfête is held typically in July in Toronto.
The Pittsburgh festival follows a similar one in Philadelphia.
This year is the thirtieth anniversary of the festival.
Every year between 2-3000 festival participants visit the festival, and create more life to Bodø in January, winter time.
Businessman Boyd Cohen was the patron of the 2009 festival.
The Norfolk County Fair and Horse Show is an annual agricultural fair that takes place in the town of Simcoe, Ontario, Canada.
Wickham Festival is a 4-day music event, that takes place in the village of Wickham, Hampshire.
Anime Milwaukee is an annual three-day anime convention held during March at the Hyatt Regency Milwaukee & Wisconsin Center in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
The three-day festival frequently draws in excess of 200,000 people and has been ranked among the top festivals in the United States.
The 6th annual African Photography Encounters was held in November 2005, with the theme of "Another World."
The show has close links with many industry magazine titles.
The $100 Film Festival is an independent film festival that runs for three days every March at the Globe Cinema in downtown Calgary, Alberta.
In 2012, The Daily Telegraph named the festival one of the top ten attractions for British foodies vacationing in Canada.
ConQuesT is the annual science fiction and fantasy convention held in the Kansas City, Missouri area over the U. S. Memorial Day weekend.
In 2013, the attendance was 70,956 compared to 68,000 in 2010.
The festival claims to be the world's largest tulip festival, displaying over one million tulips, with attendance of over 500,000 visitors annually.
The 2011 3rd Annual event, attended by 1500, showed over 250 classic motorcycles.
Along with panels, seminars, and workshops with comic book professionals, HeroesCon features hours of other programming on all aspects of comic books and pop culture.
The combination of local, national and international acts has fostered strong community involvement and publicity for the Queensland city.
Fanaticon is an annual multi-genre, science-fiction, fantasy, comic book, anime, and gaming convention held in the southeastern area of Alabama.
In addition to showcasing Australian film, the festival promotes the growth and recognition of Australian cinema through industry led workshops and discussion forums.
Friday 6 May – Le Confessional @ Winchester Cathedral, Winchester
It provides fresh, locally grown produce, food products, flowers, and plants where shoppers buy directly from the producers.
Like other conventions, it offered workshops, presentations, special events and challenges.
In addition to the camps, Rock N Roll Fantasy Camp also offers a team building program titled, Team Rock Stars.
A-Nation is the name of an annual series of summer concerts that are held in various cities in Japan.
As well as tulip displays, the festival also includes music performances, speakers and exhibits of international cuisine.
Participants include local and foreign universities and tertiary education institutes, professional institutes, vocational and technical training institutes, corporate institutes focusing on new recruitments.
It was started in 1915 by H. V. Nanjundaiah and held at Bangalore for the first time.
The festival includes events cultural contests in literary, performing arts and fine arts categories, along with a number of workshops on different themes.
the town denied any belief the date change lead to a low turnout instead blaming it on the media backlash from the previous year.
The 90th Anniversary of Estonian Republic is an official government program for the celebration of the Republic of Estonia's 90th anniversary.
The Kumbh Mela at Haridwar is a mela held every 12 years at Haridwar, India.
This festival occurs once every 144 years, corresponding to the 12th recurrence of the 12-year Godavari Pushkaram cycle.
Founded in 2001, by Steven Gove, who lives in Prague, and Angus Coull who was then based there, as well as Newcastle-based Carole Wears.
A staff of 21 works year-round and over 400 fair-time employees are hired each August.
It is currently held in the Historic Speedwell area of Morristown, New Jersey, and was previously hosted in Waltham, Massachusetts.
In 2011, the tenth anniversary VFW was held in False Creek's Masik Studios.
The event offers celebrity meet and greets, discussion panels, workshops, yard-sale vendor area, film screenings, demonstrations, costume contests, and competitions.
It was acquired by Live Nation Entertainment in 2013 and is produced by C3 Presents.
The Cygnet Folk Festival is a three-day folk music festival held in Cygnet in Tasmania, Australia, that is held annually on the second weekend in January.
In addition to traditional con activities, Windycon has also run a series of on-line chats during the con, hosting by Cybling.
Visions '93 celebrated the 30th anniversary of Doctor Who and the 15th anniversary of Blake's 7.
The fair features a livestock show, a commercial exhibition, and a carnival Midway.
In 2006, it expanded to include several events, mostly video game tournaments, in the nearby Instructional Center.
It is based on the River Dart, in the town of Dartmouth, and the village of Kingswear opposite.
Normally, Digambaras refer it as Das Lakshana Dharma while Śvētāmbaras refer to it as Paryushana.
A colourful and festive occasion, it combines political issues with concerts, films and a parade.
Berton's wife Janet was an executive of the organizing committee from 1967 until 1996, during which time she published 16 booklets about the history of Kleinburg.
The Ohio Renaissance Festival is an annual event that takes place on weekends from late August through October.
The first Erie County Fair was held in 1820, and was hosted by the Niagara County Agricultural Society.
Northern Voice 2006 - February 11 and 12, 2006
"Glory to Russia" Tournament, Russian Federation championships and contests have the same status.
It was and still is organised by Brněnští Otaku, at first a free group of otaku.
The festival is run by "Winnipeg International Children's Festival", which is a charitable, non-profit, community-based organization.
The World Ski Orienteering Championships is the official event to award the titles of World Champions in ski orienteering.
Milford Oyster Festival, sometimes shortened to "Oysterfest," is an annual cultural festival held on the third Saturday of August throughout the city of Milford, Connecticut.
Comics Salón 2006 — 15–17 September 2006 - SÚZA building, Bratislava, Slovakia
Hypericon is a speculative fiction convention held yearly in June in Nashville, Tennessee.
The first NADWCon was held in 2009  and sponsored by Arizona-based LepreCon, Inc.
Budapest Fashion Week is a fashion week trade show held annually in April and October in Budapest, Hungary, usually after the five major fashion weeks.
According to the LGBT app Grindr, the gay parade of the city was elected the best in the world.
TEDxMcGill is an independently organised single-day TED conference in Montreal started in 2009 by students from McGill University, after which the event is named.
The countdown is accompanied by the chimes of Big Ben, and a digital countdown timer projected onto the Shell Centre.
Animecon is anime convention in Finland, held annually over a weekend in varying Finnish cities.
They have a traditional Underwater Bike Races a couple times a year.
The Pittsburgh festival follows a similar one in Philadelphia.
The Finnish culture ministry supported Ropecon in 2013 with funding.
It is celebrated prior eating of the harvested food crops offering to ancestors and nature gods.
In 2013, approximately 1094 gamers attended the event for a chance to win over $18 000 in money and over $25 000 in prize.
The ladies competition was introduced in the 2004/05.
The inaugural event was held April 16–18, 2010 at the McCormick Place in Chicago.
The race is held on Ski Cetner Demino, near Rybinsk city.
The guest of honor was Anthony Boucher.
Its musical style is influenced by Steinman's appreciation of Richard Wagner, Phil Spector, Bruce Springsteen and The Who.
The Festival of Pacific Arts, Pacific Arts Festival, or FESTPAC is a traveling festival hosted every four years by a different country in Oceania.
Every year, Gujarat celebrates more than 200 festivals.
Usually held in SM Supermalls, it is a pair competition with winners of each leg taking the finals at the Cosplay Mania event.
Phoenix Comicon is a multigenre entertainment and comic book convention held annually in Phoenix, Arizona.
Vulkon Entertainment was an entertainment company which specialized in science fiction-related fan conventions.
The Guests of Honor were Jack Vance, Vincent Di Fate, and Walter A. Willis.
It runs for seven consecutive weekends through July and August.
It includes a national workforce recruitment, talent management and career development conference.
Held in February or early March, the event is named after Vasaloppet in Sweden.
It was founded in 2001 and every Summer it brings together hundreds of people from all over the world for a weekend event in Orlando.
The overall aim of the east forum Berlin is to facilitate dialogue in order to overcome barriers for prosperity, to exchange know-how and intensify networks.
The festival is the most important social event for the city and includes a pageant, automobiles, a Paso Fino horse parade and many musical concerts.
Since 2006 the festival has taken place over 2 days, and still has two stages.
The facilities are available for rent during the year, making the grounds a valuable community resource.
Among the attending merchants were TMall, 51buy, 360buy, and China UnionPay.
and this concept has also been used later.
The New England Science Fiction Association, or NESFA, is a science fiction club centered in the New England area.
Martin, Jerry Pournelle, Glen Cook, Mike Resnick, Timothy Zahn, and David Drake.
The Odisha Solar Conference is a conference, the gathering of professionals to develop and promote solar power across Odisha.
The conference delegates continue the negotiations towards a global climate agreement.
It is now the second largest annual parade in the United States.
The burn is held every year in May or June, around the Hebrew holiday of "Shavuot", and culminates in a bonfire of wooden sculptures.
However, in 2007, the army units were unable to attend the event, due to operational commitments in Iraq.
The Great New York State Fair begins on the third or fourth Thursday in August and runs for 12 days, ending on Labor Day.
The festival is traditionally held over two days and three nights during March, and attracts participants from all over India.
There were 4200 registered members of the convention, of which 3014 actually attended.
Umeå Open is an annual music festival taking place in Umeå, Västerbotten, Sweden at the end of March.
Hasbro then sold Gen Con to the former CEO of Wizards of the Coast, Peter Adkison, in 2002.
Boxerstock is an all-day music festival, benefiting Atlanta Boxer Rescue.
The word Alfaaz means words in Persian language and accordingly consists of literary competitions, panel discussions, lectures, demonstrations, video conferences and workshops.
The conference offers a primary site where practitioners convene annually to take stock of the field, playing host to artists and activists.
The procession of berikas – accompanied by sounds of bagpipes – move door-to-door to pick wine, honey, floor, meat and other victuals served by hosts.
The convention provides a relaxed environment for people who enjoy science fiction to meet new friends and talk about their interests.
PAX was created by Jerry Holkins and Mike Krahulik, the authors of the Penny Arcade webcomic, because they wanted to attend a show exclusively for gaming.
It features new models as well as supercars, concept cars, custom cars from style centers and automotive designers.
The name of the festival is made up of three terms, 'Ali', legumes, 'Aye', seed and 'Ligang', to sow.
Yarra Arts and Queer City play home to many of the exhibitions.
In 2011, several thousand attendees filled the convention throughout its public hours.
Up to 2003 there was one event in July and another in August, but from 2004 this was reduced to one weekend in July.
Al-Quds Arab Capital of Culture was the name given to Arab Capital of Culture programme in 2009.
He started Anywhere with his wife, Alex McTavish.
Heimtextil in Frankfurt am Main, Germany is an international trade fair for home and contract textiles with more than 2,700 exhibitors and roughly 67,000 trade visitors.
It took place along 10 Street and Kensington Road, which both have parts closed off to traffic.
J-Popcon is the oldest and largest convention in Denmark with focus on anime, manga, cosplay and other aspects of the Japanese popular culture.
The event is organised annually in different cities in Finland.
Canal Street is a yearly jazz and blues festival in Arendal, Aust-Agder, Norway.
Aniwave was an annual one day anime convention held during December at the Wilmington Convention Center in Wilmington, North Carolina.
Guest speakers generally include authors, artists, game designers, costumers, and media celebrities.
In 2007, Eurofurence was first held at a hotel.
Desmond Child produced the album Bat Out of Hell III: The Monster Is Loose.
Animania was an annual anime convention that was held in Sydney, Australia.
Events of all kinds happen in organized "villages", as well as those privately offered around Lake Faak.
The festival takes place between the intersections Kennedy Road and Clayton Drive to Kennedy Road and Steeles Avenue East during the last weekend of June.
It has been put on by the Wayne Area Chamber of Commerce since 1981.
The fair continually ranks in the top ten largest fairs in the United States.
The event is open to the toy trade only - toy industry professionals, retailers, and press representatives.
The first event was held in December 2014 at Shahjahanpur, Uttar Pradesh.
Anime Detour is an annual three-day anime convention held during April at the Hyatt Regency Minneapolis in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
The Holmenkollen Ski Festival is a traditional annual Nordic skiing event in Holmenkollen, Oslo, Norway.
Anime O-Tekku has been Georgia Tech's anime club since 1995.
The record was then broken a year later, when 90 balloons again landed in the former Cadbury's chocolate factory on 9 August.
I don't know how that affects your theological leanings, but it is something to consider."
The co-chairs were Perry Middlemiss and Rose Mitchell.
Since its release, Dota 2 has been the most played game on Steam, with daily peaks of over a million concurrent players.
The Oregon State Fair is the official state fair of the U.S. state of Oregon.
Open Mic UK is a live music competition run by Future Music Management  in the UK for singers, vocalists and solo artists.
2001: Pete Abrams, James Ernest, Paul Levinson, Margaret Weis, Don Perrin, Michael A. Burstein, Jeffrey Carver, Esther Friesner, Peter Heck, James Morrow, Donna Jo Napoli
Boot Düsseldorf is held annually at Messe Düsseldorf, Germany, for the duration of a week in the end of January.
The fairgrounds also host a number of other events during the rest of the year.
A simple majority of attendees arrive on Harley-Davidson motorcycles, but the rally is open to everyone and all brands of bikes.
Formed in 2008 at the Ritz Cinema, the initiative was established to honour Australian actors and actresses for their contributions to Australian cinema.
However, conference organizers denied such an ulterior motive.
It is run by the Minnesota Science Fiction Society, a non-profit organization that is "dedicated to furthering the appreciation of science fiction and fantasy literature".
In 1983 the convention was held at Melbourne University.
Hereditarnia is a virtual pleasant place that is related to the development of the theory of hereditary properties of graphs.
The festival is held on the historic grounds of the Bangla Academy in the Ramna district of Dhaka.
There were approximately 600 concert performances by headline artists produced each year.
In 2010, the NECA show was held in Boston .
Weekend of Horrors was traditionally a tri-annual traveling convention which focuses on horror films.
Started in 1988, the last event was held in 2013.
It was founded in 2006 by the civic organization Association of Contemporary Art Researchers.
From 1967 to at least 1969, the show presented the Nova Award to that year's guest of honor.
The most recent convention, held in Anaheim, had 12,000 attendees.
The number of events has grown significantly over the years.
The World Innovation Forum is a business innovation summit held annually in New York City.
It is alternatively a symbol of the two countries' rivalry, as well as brotherhood and cooperation between the two nations.
Middle East EVENT show or MEES is an annual exhibition held at Dubai for Meetings, incentives, conferencing, exhibitions, events and entertainment industry.
Parents, teachers and students volunteer and plan ahead to have everything arranged for the day of the festival, and contribute until it is over at dusk.
Kilometroak consists of walking down a circuit of 5-10 kilometers, one dotted with food stands and entertainment.
Guttorm Guttormsen, Jon Balke, Karin Krog, Knut Riisnæs, Terje Rypdal and Jon Eberson are among the artists he has visited Moldejazz through the years.
For instance Paris, inspired by the Velo-city 2003 conference, launched Velib in 2007, thereby creating world-wide attention.
Boxerstock was founded in 2008 and is held every fall in Marietta, Georgia.
It is recognized as one of the biggest fireworks festivals in the world.
The Electronic Entertainment Expo,,, or simply Expo 3, is a premier event for gaming fans all around the world.
The coach of the team with the next best record serves instead.
Similar events exist: most notably in South Korea.
The Skagit Valley Tulip Festival is a Tulip festival in the Skagit Valley of Washington state.
For the first time, Hyderabad edition was done on 21 and 22 September 2013.
Founded by NITT students in 1975, Festember has now become one of the largest festivals in South India.
Glass City Con is an annual two-day anime convention held during July or August at the SeaGate Convention Centre in Toledo, Ohio.
SFeraKon is a science fiction convention that takes place in Zagreb, Croatia every year at the end of April.
The chairmen were Lester Cole and Gary Nelson.
The International Home + Housewares Show is staged every year by the International Housewares Association.
The Fair has become an annual major event in Hong Kong with the number of visitors reaching new high every year.
INPEX is America's largest invention trade show, organized by InventHelp.
They usually hand roses to a number of female spectators.
In an interview with the BBC in 2006, Driver claimed to that "The musical policy of Rhythm Festival is simply to feature good music".
Retail Members are allowed a certain number of badges based on their full-time employees.
Since 2014, a part of participants goes to Italy.
The Houston Dragon Boat Festival is held in Houston, Texas.
This building is a notable example of futurist architecture.
ReAnimania IAFFY, founded in 2007 by its director, Animator, Fine artist and director, Vrej Kassouny.
The creation of the festival follows the success of the Pittsburgh Wine Festival.
Asteroid Day was officially launched on December 3, 2014.
The program, organized around social, political and environmental themes, features distinctive films chosen for their unique perspective and artistic strengths.
Sigmund Ruud gave Bloudkova velikanka name "Mammoth Hill".
Weyfest is an annual music festival held at the Rural Life Centre in Tilford, Surrey in the United Kingdom.
Since 2015, its geography has expanded to other regions of Ukraine.
With the exception of a few contracted services, Alchemy and Flashpoint Artists Initiative are 100% volunteer managed.
In May 2012 it was reported that the UppCon: 12-event would be the last UppCon arranged by its founders.
Alongside the annual events, EOY also partners related organisations to hold periodic events and performances related to anime, cosplay and music.
In 2012, a record attendance of 155,000 people attended the festival.
The Alternative Press Expo or APE, as it is more commonly known, is a comics convention.
More than 1,000 motorcycle clubs attend the event and black women make up close to half of participants.
The show in 2018 will be held from June 12–14, 2018.
Established in 1986 with the first competition held in 1987, it is widely accepted as the first combat robot competition.
The parade has been televised on WGN-TV, WLS-TV and WCIU-TV.
Seafair is a summer festival in Seattle, Washington, that encompasses a wide variety of small neighborhood events leading up to several major citywide celebrations.
In 2012, the Festival began touring and now has events in places around Ontario reaching thousands more young readers.
It features multicolored hot air balloons with more than a hundred balloon pilots from around the world.
Sunday 11 May – Brief Encounter @ Alresford Watercress Line, Alresford
Taiwan had previously applied to attend the Townsville, Australia, festival but was denied.
It is a first international conference series in Southern Europe that promotes creativity and freedom of speech.
While the number of events declined, the quality of the experience was heightened.
By far the largest contingent was from the United States, followed by Canada, UK, Australia and Japan.
It is one of four major fashion weeks in the world, collectively known as the "Big 4," along with those in Paris, London and Milan.
Gay Film Nights film festival organised annually in Cluj-Napoca, Romania by the LGBT association Be An Angel.
In 2011, the festival was renamed "International Steampunk City", and spanned the downtown area of Waltham, including the Museum itself and the Waltham Watch Company building.
Until 2008, the event was known as the Northwest EAA Fly-In.
The festival takes place during the first weekend of September, on Bloor Street West between the intersections of Prince Edward Drive and Montgomery Road.
ET, and resting at midnight to signal the start of the new year.
In the 1997–98 season, the tournament joined the Euro Hockey Tour and the Slovak national team was replaced with the Finnish national team.
On July 11th 2017, Collins announced that the 2017 hunt is likely to be the last iteration of GISHWHES in its current format.
The audience includes people of all ages.
Urban Street Jam is an annual hip-hop culture festival that showcases music, art, dance, and fashion in the hip-hop community.
THE CURRENT ATHLETICS CHAMPION IS: Stellenberg High School
The Des Moines Arts Festival is an arts festival held every June in Western Gateway Park in Des Moines, Iowa.
This led to at least 15 men in skirts and dresses, can-canning across the pub car park on the Sunday evening.
It debuted in 1973 and has been a part of Worldloppet as long as Worldloppet has been around.
Dealers from across the UK and USA come to sell their products and promote their businesses.
Every Picture Tells a Story were a series of all-night electronic dance music festivals held at different venues in Melbourne.
37th Street is a street in Austin, Texas, known for its many houses that are decorated with Christmas lights.
They also provide a sense of community for a group of people who can often feel isolated in a largely religious population.”
Featuring a mixture of local and international reggae acts, the festival has taken place every year since 2004.
The Pflasterspektakel is an annual street art festival in Linz, the capital of Upper Austria.
In 2013, a documentary film about 4 Deserts was released.
In 2007 Rhythm Festival was put forward for five categories in the UK Festival Awards.
Since 2012 the festival has been held at American Turner's on Friday and Saturday while the Sunday show is held at a random DIY venue.
In April 2008, LMI Asia Pte Ltd was founded in Singapore as an affiliate of LMI GmbH.
Traditionally Milton's Steam Era has also featured a parade of steam tractors down Main St.
During the event, international and local companies to showcase their latest products and innovations within the Emergency, Primary Healthcare, Patient Safety, Rehabilitation and Dentistry sectors.
The "Adult Chocolate Milk" specialty drink was well received.
New films, manga, games, and merchandise are introduced during this event.
Comic Con India is the comic-based convention held in India, main edition held annually at New Delhi and express editions annually at Mumbai and Bangalore.
It took place between 8–10 June 2012.
The shows of the first era yielded films, television specials, home-videos, and albums that have since been widely seen and heard internationally.
The festival was founded in 1999 by Russell Faibisch and Alex Omes and is named after the 1997 Depeche Mode album, Ultra.
The EIFF presents both UK and international films, in all genres and lengths.
Supporting the IFAO are the following organizations:
The Three Rivers Film Festival is an annual film festival, held in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
International University Theatre Forum in Vilnius is an annual international event in Lithuania.
In 2009, Michael Carbonaro established his own independent one-day convention known as the New York Comic Book Marketplace which ran annually through 2014.
The Guests of Honour of the 37th Worldcon were Brian Aldiss, Fritz Leiber, and Harry Bell.
The original venue was The Nerve Centre, on Magazine Street in the city centre of Derry.
Fossavatn Ski Marathon is an annual ski marathon held in Ísafjörður, northwestern Iceland.
ActionFest was the first film festival in the world devoted exclusively to action film.
It is also sometimes called Black Fill-in-the-Blank Week, because it has evolved to attract many non-motorcycling visitors who come for music, socializing and enjoying the beach.
The cup was first arranged in 2011.
First held in 1973, RAGBRAI is the largest bike-touring event in the world.
The Arizona State Fair is an annual state fair, held at Arizona State Fairgrounds.
The convention typically starts on Thursday and finishes on Sunday.
It is named in honour of writer, reviewer, and editor Anthony Boucher, and pronounced the way he pronounced his name, rhyming with "voucher".
The guest of honor was Murray Leinster.
In the event, "creators" display projects in various categories and crowdfund from attendees.
It is one of the four fairs traditionally recognized as Kumbha Melas, and is also known as Ujjain Kumbh Mela.
In 1997, the festival was held at the reclaimed area near where the Bredco Port is located today.
The World Cosplay Summit, also known as WCS, is an annual international cosplay event that promotes friendly international exchange through Japanese pop culture.
saMMsCRIthi is the annual fest of Mysore Medical College & Research Institute, Mysore.
The convention was founded by retired fireman, electrical contractor, and long-time Doctor Who fan Robert H. McLaughlin III of Hoffman Estates, Illinois.
In 2010, about 400 artists from over forty nations participated in the event.
Pensacon is a North American multigenre convention, founded in 2013, which takes place once each year in Pensacola, Florida.
Origins is the site of the annual Origins Awards ceremony.
It was held on August 20, 2015 to August 22, 2015, at the Grand Hyatt, in San Antonio, Texas, United States.
SPX is unique amongst the various comic conventions as it does not allow retailers to have a formal presence at the convention.
The 2017 fair will run from August 9-20.
Though not mandatory, everybody living in Ghana is expected to wear the Batakari smock to their various workplaces or schools.
The record was broken again a year later.
It was founded by Darren Hann and Melanie Collins in mid-to-late 2006, and held its first festival in 2007.
The festival is historically the second-largest held every year in Marengo County, behind Christmas on the River in Demopolis.
This NASFiC was held because Glasgow, Scotland, was selected as the location for the 2005 Worldcon.
Anime Salt Lake was an anime convention held during March at the Salt Lake Community College Redwood Campus in Taylorsville, Utah.
The rally was also not held in 2009 due to the WRC's round rotation system.
As of RECOMB 2010, the conference has included a highlights track, modelled on the success of a similar track at the ISMB conference.
It was held from June 4-6, 2015 at the new Berlin CityCube convention center.
Kumbh Mela or Kumbha Mela is a mass Hindu pilgrimage of faith in which Hindus gather to bathe in a sacred or holy river.
The Wayne Chicken Show is an annual free, family-oriented event held in Wayne, Nebraska, every second Saturday in July.
It is set to raise the profile of pinball and introduce it to a younger generation.
The Columbus Feis, an internationally renowned Irish dance competition, occurs every year at the same time as the Irish Festival.
In 2008, the convention expanded from three days to four with the first day, Thursday, only open to pre-registered attendees.
Anime Banzai is an annual three-day anime convention held during October at the Davis Conference Center in Layton, Utah.
The New York State Sheep and Wool Festival is one of the largest annual gatherings of fiber-arts enthusiasts in the United States.
The 2015 Glastonbury Festival of Contemporary Performing Arts was held from 24 to 28 June 2015 .
THE CURRENT PAVILION CHAMPION IS: DF Malan High School
The meetings ran in most years until 1966, when they were discontinued.
Competition of Paso Horses in Trujillo is a contest held in Trujillo city located at northern Peru.
With its sixth incarnation, Conestoga converted to a whole number count, rolling the first five into the number tally, and running through #14 before stopping.
The main ISMB conference is usually held over three days and consists of presentations, poster sessions and keynote talks.
In addition to the fireworks display, the festival also features several days of live concerts, a carnival, boat tours and more.
The City of Austin blocks off the downtown area for a massive biker street party on Congress Avenue on Friday night.
Festivities for the countdown typically include fireworks, live music concerts, and karaoke.
The Oslo Forum also features biennial regional retreats in Africa and Asia.
Participating countries select artist-delegates to represent the nation at this crossroads of cultures, considered a great honour.
Comic Fiesta is usually held in December at various locations, with the previous event held at Kuala Lumpur Convention Centre.
This Pushkaram is observed for a period of 12 days from the time of entry of Jupiter into Makara rasi.
The contests in this unique event range from innovating to pitching to VC’s to identifying flaws in business plans.
The organisers made the decision after consultation with the RAI Association and major car brand importers.
Approximately 450,000 people attend the festival each year.
The event has been on hiatus since spring 2012.
Papers not selected for publication in PLOS Computational Biology were published in edited form in the Journal of Computational Biology as usual.
By 2009, that figure had grown to $6 million, with large portions going to Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh and the Pittsburgh Cancer Institute.
Started in 1993, the show is run by Eastbourne Borough Council, who claim it contributes to the millions of pounds which tourism bring to the town.
Dota 2 is a free-to-play multiplayer online battle arena video game developed and published by Valve Corporation.
PSB brings together researchers from the US and the Asian Pacific nations, to exchange research results and address open issues in all aspects of computational biology.
Brisbane Open House is part of the Open House Worldwide annual cultural event.
It is one of the world's largest music festivals devoted to South Asian classical music and draws leading musicians from India and Bangladesh.
ConDFW is a production of the Texas Speculative Fiction Association.
The contest showcases young fashion model entrants from over 50 countries in order to discover new talent for the fashion industry.
BotCon, briefly known as "The Official Transformers Collectors' Convention", was an annual convention for Transformers fans and collectors.
Notable past speakers include broadcasters David Attenborough and David Bellamy, geneticist Steve Jones and primatologist Jane Goodall.
The Akwa Ibom State Association of Nigeria, USA Inc. National Convention is the highest legislative activity and is generally held in August of every year.
It derives its name from the Sanskrit word "Samgatha"(सऽगथा) which means "Confluence".
It is also the name of the 501(c)3 nonprofit organization which oversees the event.
The festival was founded by Lorin Morgan-Richards, produced by the Welsh League of Southern California, and was one of the largest Welsh festivals in America.
It is the second oldest ongoing sci-fi/fantasy convention held in Memphis with MidSouthCon being the oldest.
Geek Picnic is the largest European open air festival dedicated to popular science, modern technology, science and art.
The program features an eclectic mix of artists including local Tasmanians, mainland Australians and international guests.
The last Irish Eurocon was Shamrokon, which was held in August in Dublin.
Surina Narula is the Founder Sponsor and Festival Advisor for the literature festival.
According to medieval Hindu mythology, Lord Vishnu dropped drops of Amrita at four places, while transporting it in a kumbha.
The convention was first held in 1990.
Both Triple-A leagues share a common All-Star break, with no regular-season games scheduled for two days before the All-Star Game itself.
The 2012 show grew to 120,000 visitors from around the Persian Gulf region.
Shorter races over 57 km and 25 km are also offered.
The festival is an Australian Capital Territory Government initiative held annually in early March, encouraging people to "See Canberra in a whole new light."
WE Charity is a children's charity founded in 1995 by child's rights advocate Craig Kielburger.
It is India's Only Literary festival conceptualised & organised by youths.
The Aanayoottu is a festival held in the precincts of the Vadakkunnathan temple in City of Thrissur, in Kerala.
The event features comic books, toys, games, science-fiction, horror, anime, non-sport cards and collectibles.
The con is small by international standards, attracting around a hundred and fifty people.
Between 3,000 and 5,000 people visit the market every Saturday.
The Houston Shakespeare Festival is a regional repertory theatre in Houston, Texas, United States.
The Multi-day fashion week first took place in 2011 and was well received by both Nigerian designers and fashion enthusiasts.
In 2009 a second grant cycle was added to allow projects that didn't need as much time or money to complete to receive grants.
The Bournemouth Air Festival is an annual air show held along the coast at Bournemouth, in Dorset, England.
The pageant has been held annually since it was started in the mid-1970s with the "Miss Nude Galaxy" beauty contest being held at the resort.
Caramoor also features a composer in residence, with such composers as John Musto and Paquito D'Rivera holding the post.
Bread and Roses is the only broadly multicultural festival in Lawrence, the Immigrant City.
It debuted in 1969 and has been a part of Worldloppet as long as Worldloppet has existed.
It has been held annually each August since 1993.
The Mid-Ohio Con was founded in 1980.
The convention at first was designated by the year in which it was held.
Fright Night Film Fest, also known as Louisville Fright Night Film Fest, is an annual horror film festival in Louisville, Kentucky.
The festival was started in 2000 and is held at the Imbil Public Hall in July each year.
Quark has been a major technical festival in the country since its inception and looks forward to its 11th edition from 3 to 5 February 2017.
The University spends roughly $90,000 a year in security and safety measures for the campus.
The 15th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Loncon I, was held 6–9 September 1957 at the King's Court Hotel in London, England.
The Schomberg Fair is an agricultural fair held every year in Schomberg, Ontario, Canada since 1850.
Organized by Dominican American community leaders, the parade is held annually each August on 6th Avenue.
It began on June 16, 2015, and ended on June 18, 2015, with 52,200 total attendees.
Founded in 1997 by David Fishof, approximately 6,000 people have thus far participated.
The Arlington Fly-In, also known as the Arlington Air Show, is an annual airshow hosted in Arlington, Washington at the Arlington Municipal Airport.
Alongside the exhibition, the Middle East EVENT Show runs a series of educational workshops and seminars, which is free to attend.
It begins in the Bronzeville neighborhood on Chicago's South Side and ends in Washington Park.
These events usually also feature question and answer sessions, a large dealers room, and a number of comics and media guests signing autographs.
The event was first held in 2006, and is held in February each year.
The festival, has since 2008 opened with Carnival on the middle Sunday of January.
The festival benefits the Oregon Food Bank, a non-profit organization which provides food to low-income persons in Oregon and SW Washington states.
It hosts a single large "flagship" game to provide a unifying experience for attendees.
The festival was started to emphasize local musical performers, visual arts and artists.
This was the last Worldcon before there was a break in the annual tradition due to World War II.
From 1949 to 1999, they had taken place in odd-numbered years.
The show has become an ultra-large scale event that routinely attracts more than one million visitors.
The festival occurs annually over the August long weekend and features over 300 artisans, an antique show, food demonstrations, children’s activities and live entertainment.
Don Wilson's Mississippi Son: A Filmmaker's Journey Home was named Best Dramatic Documentary at the 2007 festival.
Since 1840, the fair has been active in Norfolk County on the 48-acre complex.
In 2009, 3.2 million people attended the 13th annual São Paulo Gay Pride Parade.
It was founded in 2008 and has been celebrated each year since.
NBA All-Star Weekend is a three-day event which goes from Friday to Sunday.
As of 2010 well known exhibitors for the 2011 show are Lockheed Martin, Airbus Group, Jobaria Defence, Streit Group, Oshkosh Corporation and Saab.
Continuing the trend, when a new Boston-area convention was formed, the organizers of that event named it "Arisia".
LARF features seven stages with interactive entertainment all day.
It was conceived by the Pacific Community as a means to stem erosion of traditional cultural practices by sharing and exchanging culture at each festival.
Teams of 15 competitors earn points for submitting photos and videos of themselves completing prompts from a list they receive at the beginning of the week.
The Montreal Comiccon, under its current form, was launched in 2006 as "Montreal Comic-Con".
HackTX is a 24-hour annual hackathon hosted by the Department of Computer Science at The University of Texas at Austin.
Sindhu Pushkaram is a festival of River Sindhu normally occurs once in 12 years.
The importance of the location cannot be over emphasised, taking into account the accessibility, central location and beautiful backdrop that the atmospheric site provides.
This process is often repeated several times throughout the night.
Elaborating further, Rizio Yohannan Raj, Creative Director, ILF Samanvay says,
Unmaad is the annual cultural festival of Indian Institute of Management Bangalore.
Anime Friends is a South American annual anime convention produced by Yamato Corporation.
Pranahita Pushkaralu is a festival of River Pranahita normally occurs once in 12 years.
The Dragon is often grouped with the German Elefantentreffen and the Norwegian Krystall Rally.
The South Asian Spelling Bee is an annual spelling bee platform in the United States for children of South Asian descent.
AFA is notable for having one of the largest attendance figures for anime conventions outside Japan, with 94,270 attendees in 2016.
LexiCon was founded in 2013 by Chris Grzywacz, Philip Holland and Greg Franseth, all Lexington natives, after Grzywacz and Holland attended GenCon for the first time.
Culrav gives a platform to the students of MNNIT and those all over India to participate in events which are diverse and exciting.
It is organised by, and held in aid of the Royal Air Forces Association.
Playa del Fuego, also known as "PDF" by its participants, is a regional event inspired by the annual Burning Man festival in Nevada.
It is organized by the Nebraska Japanese Animation Society.
It is conducted at Jeevarayana Katte Grounds, popularly known as J.K.
It recreates a visit of Queen Elizabeth I to the English port city of "Bristol" in the year 1574.
The Festival of Trees is Canada's largest annual literary event for children, attracting over 10,000 youth every year.
The convention is fan-run, differentiating it from larger, profit-making ventures.
The 2015 edition of Wiki Loves Earth has seen more than 8,500 contestants participating from 26 countries, with over 100,000 photo submissions.
The convention chair was Alexander von Thorn.
The main festival events are held outside the Martyrs' Museum on the western edge of Tolpuddle village.
The 2017 kite festival took place on the Washington Monument grounds on Saturday, April 1.
Rencontres internationales du documentaire de Montreal also known by the acronym RIDM is Montreal, Canada's international documentary film festival.
It was founded in 1994 by Dan Vado as an event for self-publishers, independent publishers and alternative cartoonists to showcase their books.
This four-day hot air balloon event is the biggest and longest-running aviation sports event in the Philippines.
The series also received favorable comparisons to Batman: The Animated Series.
Cosplay Mania is an annual cosplay-centered convention usually held in the final quarter of the year in the Philippines.
The festival hosts a range of different types of site-specific art, art intervention and performance art in the central part of the City.
It is a festival the period of which is chosen according to the Hindu Calendar conforming to the astrological planetary positions.
From NYE 1999, the tradition began of having the main show at midnight.
In addition to AutoRAI, the AutovakRAI 2013 was also cancelled for the same reasons.
It was last held in August 2013.
Underwater Bicycle Racing is a popular sport in the state of North Carolina.
The idea behind Anywhere Festival is that you don't - you shouldn't - have to go to a traditional theatre space to see theatre.
The São Paulo International Motor Show takes place every two years in São Paulo, Brazil since 1960.
In 2008 and 2009 the competition relocated to Worthing Pier due to renovations of Bognor Regis Pier.
It is traditionally held in February over Presidents Day weekend and was previously held in various locations around Virginia and Washington, D.C.
The competition holds a world record for being the largest media scavenger hunt ever to take place, and several additional world records.
In 2016, the celebration started on 12 August and ended on 23 August.
Milan Fashion Week is a clothing trade show held semi-annually in Milan, Italy.
Stories of fire parties on the beach are unfounded.
The West Coast PC Faire was formed to provide a more specialized show.
Aero India is a biennial air show and aviation exhibition held in Bengaluru, India at the Yelahanka Air Force Station.
^ Burlingame, Burl, “Art museums sign off on merger agreement”, Honolulu Star-Advertiser, May 3, 2011, p. B2
The ball is held in a hangar at the Boulder Airport and features World War II-era airplanes including C-45 Expeditors and B-25 Mitchells.
The first 13 editions of the US Comedy Arts Festival were held annually at the Wheeler Opera House and other venues in Aspen, Colorado.
Sunday 6 June - The Lives of Artists / The Bad News Tour / The Decline of Western Civilization II [Triple Bill] @ The Railway, Winchester
The is a co-production of the EMP Museum and SIFF.
Bayfest is a 3-day music festival in Corpus Christi, Texas.
BrickFest was the first convention for adult fans of Lego in the United States.
Fan Expo Canada is an annual speculative fiction fan convention held in Toronto, Ontario.
Former Associate Producer Jenny Gersten led the Festival from 2011-2014 and Mandy Greenfield assumed the role of Artistic Director in September 2014.
The festival was designed as an annual legacy from the Olympic Games and first held in 2013.
The convention was fan-run, not-for-profit, and had programming for various topics such as a competitive masquerade, an Art Show, filking, media, gaming, celebrity guest appearances, etc.
The festival takes place in August, with concerts on numerous stages in Oslo.
The second London Motor Show took place from 5 to 7 May 2017.
The Mardi Gras Parade maintains a political flavour, with many marching groups and floats promoting LGBTQI rights issues or themes.
The Bread And Roses Heritage Committee produces the event.
The Fourteenth Annual Conference will be held on October 11-13, 2017 at its usual location of William & Mary's Marshall-Wythe School of Law in Williamsburg, Virginia.
The annual Operaball has been held in Oslo, Norway, by the Tårnseilerne association since 1988.
FallCon holds a 400 used game auction that only takes 2hrs to complete on the Saturday evening of the event.
The inaugural event in 2007 focused on featuring whiskeys, ryes and vodkas, which are meant to be consumed "neat."
The outlaw biker scene has its own place at the event.
The festival features folk, blues, world, alternative, roots, electronica and many other different types of music and fusions.
World Breastfeeding Week is an annual celebration which is being held every year from 1 to 7 August in more than 120 countries.
This was followed by the Sahara Race in the Sahara Desert of Egypt in 2005.
The name is derived from a Common Kartvelian root ber, meaning "a child".
The festival is organised and presented by the Urban Redevelopment Authority.
Loncon 3 sold the most memberships and had the second largest in-person attendance of any Worldcon to date.
The O'Reilly Open Source Convention is an annual convention for the discussion of free and open source software.
The Coachella Valley has about 250,000 date palms planted on approximately 5,000 acres which produces 35,000,000 pounds of dates annually.
The Farnborough International Airshow is a week-long event that combines a major trade exhibition for the aerospace and defence industries with a public airshow.
The first Supanova was held at the Sydney Showground on the weekend of 20-21 April 2002.
The St-Ambroise Montreal Fringe Festival is a festival that hosts off-Broadway, repertory, dance, music, and drag-queen performances in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
It is "one of the most logistically complex displays in the world;" from 2010 through 2012 it spanned 14 miles and five locations.
The Open Book Festival is an annual literary festival held in Cape Town, South Africa with a focus on South African literature in an international context.
EAA AirVenture Oshkosh is an annual gathering of aviation enthusiasts held each summer at Wittman Regional Airport in Oshkosh, Wisconsin, United States.
PakWheels Auto Show is a series of annual auto shows organized by PakWheels for the automobile enthusiasts of Pakistan.
Confirmed to headline the Saturday of the festival, organisers revealed the act through the festival's Twitter account.
Parties took place at the Hilton Hotel.
It is held towards the end of March every year.
The Jamiatu Muslim Mindanao is one of the oldest and biggest Madaris in the Philippines.
The eight-day book festival has draws hundreds of thousands of book lovers to downtown Miami each November for a festival of all things read and written.
Local clubs compete in one of four categories.
Finncon is unique among SF conventions because it has no participation/membership fee, and is funded primarily on various cultural grants as well as income from traders.
In 2014, the festival took place outside of Crimea for the first time ever, in Anaklia, Georgia.
The construction of the Panaad Stadium and sports complex paved the way for the establishment of the Panaad Park as the permanent home of the festival.
In 2007, Yuricon ran a small one-day event to recreate the feel of the Tokyo event from 2005.
Hotels are booked a year in advance and some receive between 15-17% of their yearly income thanks to the Christkindelsmarik's visitors.
Crafts, stalls, other entertainment and the exhibits of the Rural Life Centre as well as a campsite.
This is a festival to be witnessed, not talked about.
Canadians are encouraged to observe a minute of silence on December 6 and to wear a white ribbon as a commitment to end violence against women.
These four places are identified as the present-day sites of the Kumbh Mela.
The 62nd World Science Fiction Convention was Noreascon 4, which was held in Boston, Massachusetts, from September 2–6, 2004.
In the 21st century, the parade features celebrities, politicians, businessmen, civic organizations and youth.
The Emerald City Comicon is an annual comic book convention taking place in Seattle, Washington.
Providence Anime Conference was a three-day anime convention held in Providence, Rhode Island.
This article provides a listing of all Capricons, detailing their dates, locations, chairpersons, guests and the themes of each convention.
The SFFSFF takes place annually every winter in Seattle, Washington at the world-renowned Seattle Cinerama Theater.
Vasaloppet Japan is a cross-country skiing event held around Asahikawa on the island of Hokkaido in northern Japan.
The Digital Humanities Summer Institute is an annual digital humanities training program held in June at the University of Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.
It is located in 33 km in the west of the governorate, and 264 km to Tunis.
It is organised by Vilnius Gediminas Technical University, Vilnius University, University Theatre Association and Association “Koturnos”.
It features informational exhibits, agricultural competitions and display animals, a fairground and rides, and showbags.
Only the Czech Republic, Finland, Russia and Sweden are invited to the tournament but from season 1991–92 through 2003–04 Canada also participated.
Since its inaugural edition, the Festival raises money for The Actors Fund.
You shouldn't have to pay a lot of money for tickets, and artists shouldn't be limited by space or cost or time.
However, since early 2015 and onwards, this partnership with the IHC has since been dissolved.
Frontier Fiesta exhibits talents of the University of Houston student body.
The 43rd Birkie was held on February 20, 2016.
The organization also raises money for local charity.
The awards granted at the festival are:
The 30th World Science Fiction Convention was L.A.con I, which was held in Los Angeles, California, US from 1 to 4 September 1972.
The audience reached by the IYL 2015 is estimated to be over 100 million.
The first festival opened on May 14, 1982.
US television presenter Conan O'Brien mentioned Midburn on his show, Conan, during his opening monologue.
Primary, secondary, tertiary and corporate education institutions come together annually to discuss opportunities of technology for teaching and learning outlets.
Over the following three years, an additional race was introduced in a new location each year.
Since 1984, it has been held at the Fairgrounds in Clearview Township.
Tech Open Air is an annual interdisciplinary technology festival that takes place in Berlin, Germany.
Wearing of headgears and caps as well as booming of drums and firing of guns are not allowed during the festivals.
The 2009 air show was held on the 10–12 April with an Italian Theme.
The Ballarat Mining Exchange is regularly used as an exhibition space.
Snellville Days was voted "Best of Gwinnett" in 2012.
The conference is affiliated with the International Society for Computational Biology.
