This article is specifically about the euro gold and silver commemorative coins of the Vatican City and does not cover the pre-euro commemorative coins.
It comprises the Autonomous Communities of the Basque Country and Navarre in Spain and the Northern Basque Country in France.
Nevertheless it lasted only for a short time and was replaced by May 1959 far more modestly by the Conseil de l'Entente.
On 1 January 2008, the Republic of Cyprus joined the eurozone.
Its name has been carried forward ever since as the county of Kent.
Paraguay was a peripheral colony of the Spanish Empire, with few urban centers and settlers.
Medical care became available to the public at no cost but providing housing for all was a task the RCC government was not able to complete.
Adansi is the name of a distinct Ashanti language Twi-speaking tribe on the Ashantiland Peninsula, to the south of the Ashanti people.
This sets it apart from its neighbors' largely oil-dependent economies.
German declaration of unrestricted submarine warfare in early 1917 was designed to strangle the British; it failed, because of the use of a trans-Atlantic convoy system.
The Republic bordered Germany, the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia, Poland – and subsequently the General Government – and Hungary.
Gjoni proclaimed in Prizren the founding of an independent Republic of Mirdita.
The Lodi dynasty was a Pashtun dynasty that ruled the Delhi Sultanate from 1451 to 1526.
The half-canton was provisionally recognised by the federal government in April 1833, and Joachim Schmid was recognised as the official delegate to the federal parliament.
The conflict ended with a negotiated settlement that established a multiparty constitutional republic, which remains in place to this day.
The sovereignty of Bidache was proclaimed by Count Antoine de Gramont in 1570.
It is home to Feldschlösschen, the most popular beer in Switzerland.
In 1994, the President of Kazakhstan, Nursultan Nazarbayev, first suggested the idea of creating a "Eurasian Union" during a speech at Moscow State University.
The Duchy of Württemberg was a duchy located in the south-western part of the Holy Roman Empire.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo, also known as DR Congo, DRC, DROC, Congo-Kinshasa or simply the Congo, is a country located in Central Africa.
The Cook Islands' main population centres are on the island of Rarotonga, where there is an international airport.
These years of political unification led to the establishment of the Tokugawa shogunate.
It was formed as the SAO Kninska Krajina, but, upon inclusion of additional Serb-populated areas, changed its name simply to SAO Krajina.
The constitution of a Catalan State is currently the aim of a broad-based grassroots movement for Catalan independence.
Musa made a famous pilgrimage to Mecca from 1324 to 1326.
It now forms part of the independent country of Cameroon.
The principality also included the Lordships of Donaustauf, Wörth, and Hohenburg, the imperial city of Regensburg, St. Emmeram's Abbey, and the abbeys Obermünster and Niedermünster.
Mauritania also claimed the territory for a number of years based on its history, and then dropped all claims.
The Second Hellenic Republic is the historiographical term for the political regime of Greece between 1924 and 1935.
It was created in between 1182 and 1190 from an inheritance division of the county of Saarbrücken and lasted until 1394.
It is the world's only Jewish-majority state, with 74.8% being designated as Jewish.
The most famous Indo-Greek ruler was Menander.
The Caliphate recognized Ashot as "prince of princes" in 862 and, later on, king in 884 or 885.
It was the administrative structure that the Soviet Union used to govern what would become North Korea following the division of Korea.
At their zenith, the Ghurid empire encompassed Khorasan in the west and reached northern India as far as Bengal in the east.
Jordan transferred its citizenship to the residents of the West Bank, the annexation more than doubled the population of Jordan.
It originated with the overseas possessions and trading posts established by England between the late 16th and early 18th centuries.
SAO North-East Bosnia was a Serb Autonomous Region, a Serb break-away province, in the Yugoslav republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Its territories included present-day Gansu and parts of Ningxia, Shaanxi, Qinghai and Xinjiang.
Vianden lies on the Our river, near the border between Luxembourg and Germany.
The boundaries of the territory were an issue of contention between the British and French authorities due to the proximity to French Senegal.
The population of Mali is 14.5 million.
In 1543 it officially became the governorship of Michoacán, from the Nahuatl name for the Tarascan state, Michoacán.
Samoothiri of Kozhikode is the hereditary royal title used by the Hindu Eradi Nair rulers of the medieval Kingdom of Kozhikode on the Malabar Coast.
The Trans-Oconee Republic was a short-lived, independent state west of the Oconee River.
In 1994, the internal market was formalised by the EEA agreement.
The early rulers maintained their Manchu ways, and while their title was Emperor, they used khan to the Mongols and they were patrons of Tibetan Buddhism.
The Cấn line was the third dynasty of Hùng kings of the Hồng Bàng period of Văn Lang.
There are also several other symbols that do not have official acknowledgment or announced as national symbols, but considered national symbols at the local level.
Honduras, officially the Republic of Honduras, is a republic in Central America.
He founded it when living in Byron Bay, and later moved it with him to Curl Curl in Sydney, and finally Cooma.
The canton was to be divided into 17 administrative districts, each with a sous-prefet.
Sovereignty over the area has not been officially renounced by the Republic of China, based on the island of Taiwan since 1949.
It shares maritime borders with Japan by the Sea of Okhotsk and the U.S. state of Alaska across the Bering Strait.
It was formed in 1936 through the merger of Italian Somaliland, Italian Eritrea and the newly conquered Italian Ethiopia.
The rise of new emperors and new factions diminished such extravagances; the capture of the Zhengtong Emperor during the 1449 Tumu Crisis ended them completely.
Çubuk was a commander in the Seljuk army.
In the early years of European migration to Nueva Navarra, the Basques became a significant proportion of the population.
Ultimately the kingdom became part of the Viceroyalty of New Granada first in 1717 and permanently in 1739.
The Lordship of Albarracín was an independent Christian lordship in the Kingdom of Aragón located in and around the city of Albarracín.
The republic was proclaimed on November 1, 1823 by Constituent Congress, months after the fall of the Mexican Empire of Agustín de Iturbide.
When the Duke died in 643 BCE, civil disorder broke out in Qi and the State of Chu seized the opportunity to expand their territory northwards.
Brazil's economy is the world's ninth-largest by nominal GDP and eighth-largest by GDP as of 2016.
Gabriel Dumont was proclaimed Adjutant General in which capacity he became supreme military commander, although Riel could, and did, override his tactical decisions.
It was conquered by France in 1901.
Under Gaafar Nimeiri  , Sudan instituted fundamentalist Islamic law in 1983.
Thereafter, the kingdom declined and eventually disintegrated under hegemony of various regional powers, including the Mongols, the Ottoman Empire, and successive dynasties of Iran.
The province included northern parts of present-day regions of Slavonia and Syrmia.
The East India Company was a private company owned by stockholders and reporting to a board of directors in London.
The rulers of Liang had the surname Ying.
In 1781 Emperor Joseph II of Austria unilaterally abolished the treaty.
The convent, now ruined, was established by Emperor Otto II and his consort Theophanu about 979.
It is a unitary, constitutional republic comprising thirty-two departments.
This area was flanked by the territory of the Matmata, Kebdana, Mernissa, Ghassasa of Mt.
After the death of Ranjit Singh, the empire was weakened by internal divisions and political mismanagement.
The Austrian Netherlands was a noncontiguous territory that consisted of what is now western Belgium as well as greater Luxembourg, bisected by the Prince-Bishopric of Liège.
It was established when the former East Africa Protectorate was transformed into a British Crown colony in 1920.
The Colony of Kenya was established on 11 June 1920 when the territories of the former East Africa Protectorate were annexed by Britain.
Thus, it left only Mongondow plateau and the adjacent Kotabunan as the territory of the Bola'ang, hence the name Kingdom of Bola'ang-Mongondow was used thereafter.
It existed from 1399 to 1805, when it was merged into the Principality of Lucca and Piombino.
Unlike the citizenry of their hometown, they never converted to Lutheranism as presented in the Augsburg Confession, but remained with the Catholic Church.
Vojvodina has a population of almost 2 million.
In 486 Syagrius lost the Battle of Soissons to the Frankish king Clovis I and the domain was thereafter under the control of the Franks.
Amongst others, this provided the nominal guarantee for protection against new Iranian attempts, or by any others, toconquer or attack eastern Georgia.
The kingdom began as a sovereign state and later alternated between being a Roman province and a Roman client state.
Buddhism became a major influence in Chinese culture, with native Chinese sects gaining prominence.
After the British annexation of the Natalia Republic, most local Voortrekkers trekked north into Transorangia, later known as the Orange Free State, and the Transvaal.
The lower gentry assumed a larger role in grassroots administration and local affairs.
In a coup in 2006, Commodore Frank Bainimarama seized power.
During the 19th century, the Bruneian Empire began to decline.
After Khumarawayh's death, his successor emirs were ineffectual rulers, allowing their Turkic and black slave-soldiers to run the affairs of the state.
Mexico has the fifteenth largest nominal GDP and the eleventh largest by purchasing power parity.
The Duchy of Bytom or Duchy of Beuthen was one of many Silesian duchies.
The Empire of Vietnam was a short-lived puppet state of Imperial Japan governing the whole of Vietnam between March 11 and August 23, 1945.
The United States provided war materiel and money all along, and officially joined in December 1941 after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.
Baekje, like Goguryeo, claimed to succeed Buyeo, a state established in present-day Manchuria around the time of Gojoseon's fall.
The Federation of Nigeria was a predecessor to modern-day Nigeria.
The Kingdom of Greece was a state established in 1832 at the Convention of London by the Great Powers.
It took the line that the GDR was an illegally constituted puppet state.
With its capital at Vienna, the archduchy was centered at the Empire's southeastern periphery.
The Anconine Republic was a revolutionary municipality formed on 19 November 1797.
However, peace treaties between Israel and both Egypt and Jordan have successfully been implemented.
The best known among them were the Cheras, Cholas, Pandyans and Pallavas.
Gaddafi defended his government's actions by citing the need to support anti-imperialist and anti-colonial movements around the world.
The heads of the government were the shoguns.
Christianity arrived in the fourth century, whereas Judaism and local paganism were already established.
It was created to compensate the House of Bourbon-Parma for the loss of the Duchy of Parma, which had been given to Marie Louise of Austria.
Dotawo was a kingdom that might have existed in the Beja Region of Lower Nubia in the Middle Ages.
In 884, Charles the Fat reunited all the kingdoms for the last time, but he died in 888 and the empire immediately split up.
From the 12th century until 1868, Japan was ruled by successive feudal military shoguns who ruled in the name of the Emperor.
It was established by Pushya Varman, a contemporary of Samudragupta.
The council was chaired initially by Chang Do-yong, and subsequently by Park Chung-hee.
This led to a multi-party system, a new constitution of 1992, and transition to a market economy.
During the 16th century, northern German regions became the centre of the Protestant Reformation.
Panama was separated from Colombia in 1903.
The Moche civilization flourished in northern Peru with its capital near present-day Moche, Trujillo, Peru from about 100 to 700 AD during the Regional Development Epoch.
Karmal became the leader of Afghanistan in his place.
The Saadian rule ended in 1659 with the end of the reign of Sultan Ahmad el Abbas
In 1605 war broke out with neighbouring Ternate.
The Adansi tribe is the smaller of the two tribes inhabiting the Ashanti Region.
The Han dynasty was the second imperial dynasty of China, preceded by the Qin dynasty and succeeded by the Three Kingdoms period.
The Argentine claim over South Georgia contributed to the 1982 Falklands War, during which Argentine forces briefly occupied the island.
Solms-Wildenfels was mediatised to Hesse-Darmstadt in 1806.
The United States is a highly developed country, with the world's largest economy by nominal GDP and second-largest economy by PPP.
The country shares land borders with Papua New Guinea, East Timor, and the eastern part of Malaysia.
The capital and largest city is Phnom Penh, the political, economic, and cultural centre of Cambodia.
The Nuclear Energy Agency is an intergovernmental agency that is organized under the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.
The bishops ruled the county in personal union.
In 1953 Malawi, then known as Nyasaland, a protectorate of the United Kingdom, became a protectorate within the semi-independent Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland.
Parts of this kingdom persisted until the 18th century, while a few others were under some rule by the Portuguese Empire since the 16th century.
The Ukrainian People's Republic or Ukrainian National Republic was a predecessor of modern Ukraine declared on 10 June 1917 following the Russian Revolution.
The micronation he created was eventually named "Lovely".
It is the capital of the district Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen.
Along with other Pacific Islands, Palau was made a part of the United States-governed Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands in 1947.
English America refers to the English territories in North America, Central America, the Caribbean, and Guyana from 1607 to 1783.
Various armed factions began competing for influence in the power vacuum, particularly in the south.
Phoenicia was a thalassocratic ancient Semitic civilization, that originated in the Eastern Mediterranean and in the west of the Fertile Crescent.
Most of their history is reconstructed from a body of literature known as the Sangam literature written in Old Tamil around the 3rd century CE.
The royal succession was governed by the English Act of Settlement of 1701.
These kingdoms gradually lost all vestiges of their independence, particularly following the Rebellion of the Seven States.
The monarch's constitutional roles were mostly delegated to the Governor-General of Trinidad and Tobago.
The rulers of the principality were known by their title of Afshin.
The kingdom was nominally restored during the "Regency" of 1920–46, ending with the Soviet occupation in 1946.
More assertive foreign policy and military support from the Central Powers saw some improved stabilization within the country.
Through the use of Einsatzgruppen A and B with active participation of local auxiliary forces over a million Jews were killed in the Reichskommissariat Ostland.
An authoritarian military junta came to power in 1964 and ruled until 1985, after which civilian governance resumed.
The federation existed from 1895 until 1960.
He served a single term and held the position of Shadow Minister for Construction.
The United Kingdom is a developed country and has the world's fifth-largest economy by nominal GDP and ninth-largest economy by purchasing power parity.
The interim government was to be in existence until the holding of democratic elections and the convening of a Constituent Assembly.
[1] Increased aggression from Egypt, and internal discord led to the state's collapse in the 14th century.
Wu was located at the mouth of the Yangtze River east of the State of Chu.
Since the 11th century, present-day Zimbabwe has been the site of several organised states and kingdoms as well as a major route for migration and trade.
It was ruled by a branch of the House of Stolberg.
Myanmar is bordered by India and Bangladesh to its west, Thailand and Laos to its east, and China to its north and northeast.
With several smaller nearby islands, it forms a jurisdiction within the Bailiwick of Guernsey, a Crown dependency.
Australia has since maintained a stable liberal democratic political system that functions as a federal parliamentary constitutional monarchy comprising six states and several territories.
In 2006, the TFG, assisted by Ethiopian troops, assumed control of most of the nation's southern conflict zones from the newly formed Islamic Courts Union.
The cultural development of the people of the Northern Thai people had begun long before as successive kingdoms preceded Lan Na.
Contemporary sources referred to it as the Khachen.
The country has a total area of 71,740 km2 and a population of 7,075,641.
The protectorate of Annam became in 1887 a part of French Indochina.
Zaire had a strongly centralist constitution and foreign assets were nationalized.
The Kingdom of Coorg was an independent kingdom which existed till 1834.
However, the Crusaders regained control of Palestine's coastline in the 1190s.
From there, it moved to Aston Abbots, Buckinghamshire in 1941, where it sought relative safety from the London Blitz.
The maritime kingdom was recognised by both the British and the Dutch following the Anglo-Dutch Treaty of 1824.
Through diplomatic ties with Hungary it managed to retain its independence past the mid-12th century.
Although smaller than the Eastern Wei in territory and population, Western Wei was able to withstand the attacks from the eastern empire.
Wallachia as a whole is sometimes referred to as Muntenia through identification with the larger of the two traditional sections.
Later, it was used for any Turkic or even Mongolic-speaking people encountered by Russians.
The elephant was the royal emblem of the Ay rulers.
In 1736 the last member of the House of Hanau died and the Landgrave of Hessen-Kassel inherited the county.
IEA member countries are required to maintain total oil stock levels equivalent to at least 90 days of the previous year's net imports.
Over half of the territory is covered by forest.
Benin tried to implement extensive programs of economic and social development without getting results.
There are many Buddhist temples belonging to the Gampola era like "Lankathilaka" and "Ambekke dewalaya".
Rinpungpa was a Tibetan regime that dominated much of Western Tibet and part of Ü-Tsang between 1435 and 1565.
Administratively, they compose Aleutsky District of Kamchatka Krai.
The Government of National Unity existed during the occupation of Hungary by Nazi Germany between October 1944 and May 1945.
The residents of this island live by boat-building, fishing and seafaring.
GDP growth in 2014 and 2015 reached 7.3 and 7.0%, respectively, the highest in the Western Hemisphere.
The Sultanate ceded Sarawak to James Brooke and installed him as the White Rajah, and it ceded Sabah to the British North Borneo Chartered Company.
In 1968 Marcelo Caetano was appointed the new head of government.
The event resulted in approximately forty deaths and ended after Hamad ibn Isa Al Khalifa became the Emir of Bahrain in 1999.
The first abbess of Gutenzell Abbey was Mechthilda von Aichheim ruling from 1237 to 1243.
On December 19, 1955, the Sudanese parliament, under Azhari's leadership, unanimously adopted a declaration of independence that became effective on January 1, 1956.
Niue is one of the world's largest coral islands.
In June 1982, the house was moved into the Prater park, near the Hauptallee, and enclosed by eight barbed-wire fences.
Biafra also received aid from non-state actors, including Joint Church Aid, Holy Ghost Fathers of Ireland, Caritas International, MarkPress and U.S. Catholic Relief Services.
As of June 23, 2016, the number of active citizens is said to be 213.
It is a developing country with a high Human Development Index score and a poverty level around 25.8 percent.
Tanzania is a one party dominant state with the socialist-progressive Chama Cha Mapinduzi party in power.
It is about 30 km west of Stuttgart city center, and is often called "Gate to the Black Forest".
The Pagan Kingdom fell due to the Mongol invasions and several warring states emerged.
Solms-Braunfels was mediatised to Austria, Hesse-Darmstadt, Prussia and Württemberg in 1806.
The new province remained, for the next fifty years of growth and settlement, the colonial government of the territory.
The Qing ceded Taiwan to Japan in 1895 after the Sino-Japanese War.
The pottery is often in the shape of a creature, or has a human figure sitting or standing on a cuboid bottle.
By the 5th century Edessa had become a center of Syriac literature and learning.
Sonnenberg was a county ruled by the comital Waldburg family of Upper Swabia, located around Nüziders-Sonnenberg in Vorarlberg, then part of Tyrol.
Following the abolition of the monarchy, former Governor-General Nnamdi Azikiwe became President of Nigeria.
The kingdom had trading relationships with the ancient civilizations of Japan, China, India, Indonesia, Persia, Cambodia and areas now comprised in Thailand.
His successor Vijaya Sena helped lay the foundations of the dynasty, and had an unusually long reign of over 60 years.
Upon the death of Count Henry IV of Ortenburg in 1395, the county was partitioned into Ortenburg-Altortenburg, Ortenburg-Neuortenburg and Ortenburg-Dorfbach.
The Qutb Shahi dynasty was a territory in south India.
The Republic ended after the Congress of Angostura of 1819 decreed the union of Venezuela with New Granada, to form the republic of Gran Colombia.
The Ó Ruairc kings maintained lordship over West Bréifne, while the Ó Raghallaigh kings retained lordship over East Bréifne.
The Ganja Khanate was a semi-independent Caucasian khanate that was established in Afsharid Iran and existed in the territory of what is modern-day Azerbaijan between 1747-1805.
The Italian Republic was a short-lived republic located in Northern Italy.
Republika Srpska is one of two constitutional and legal entities of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the other being the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Women enjoyed a special status and the queen had major influence in the state and religious affairs.
Jan was killed in 1513 and Zator was united with Poland.
The Gajapati dynasty was established by Emperor Kapilendra Deva in 1434.
The capital is Palikir, located on Pohnpei Island, while the largest city is Weno, located in the Chuuk Atoll.
Its territory corresponded to most of present-day County Dublin.
The kingdom is also the ancestral homeland of the House of Wangchuck, which was among local elite families that surpassed the erstwhile Tibetan aristocracy.
Seychelles, officially the Republic of Seychelles, is an archipelago and country in the Indian Ocean.
The Northern Administration governed Khitan areas following traditional Khitan practices, while the Southern Administration governed areas with large non-Khitan populations, adopting traditional Chinese governmental practices.
North Korea officially describes itself as a self-reliant socialist state and formally holds elections.
In 1673, the Dutch re-took the area but relinquished it under the Second Treaty of Westminster ending the Third Anglo-Dutch War the next year.
It is also estimated to be the unhealthiest country as well as the worst country to be young in.
Several places outside the traditional region of Chalco were added to it in colonial times.
Loango-Angola is the name for the possessions of the Dutch West India Company in contemporary Angola and the Republic of the Congo.
The dictatorship ended on 24 July 1974 under the pressure of the Turkish invasion of Cyprus establishing the Third Hellenic Republic.
It became a significant regional sea power, with political and trade relations with China and Japan.
Monaco is known as a playground for the rich and famous, due to its tax laws.
Moreover, it was during the Komnenian period that contact between Byzantium and the 'Latin' Christian West, including the Crusader states, was at its most crucial stage.
The royal succession was governed by the English Act of Settlement of 1701.
The capitals of the Two Sicilies were in Naples and in Palermo.
Dutch conquest exerted colonial control across the archipelago in the 19th century establishing a unitary administration.
The rulers of this province established their capital in Córdoba and received from the Caliph of Damascus the title of wali or emir.
The area was an ancient tribal settlement, and in Nilambur forests the remains of ancient temples can be found.
It was remote from the other states and was not on particularly good terms with its closest neighbor, the Principality of Antioch.
Its capital city was the town of Durango.
It is an island country in South Asia, located about 31 kilometres off the southern coast of India.
Belgium is also a part of the Schengen Area.
The kingdoms were founded when warriors from the Mamprusi area, in modern-day Ghana moved into the area and intermarried with local people.
Chile contains 82% of South America's glaciers, but currently has no laws in place to protect them.
The Taifa of Murcia was one of the Taifas of medieval Al-Andalus, in what is now southern Spain.
Like subsequent governments, it claimed sovereignty over the entire Korean Peninsula, although it only had power over the area south of the 38th parallel.
Norway continued to remain a part of the realm of Denmark–Norway under the Oldenburg dynasty for nearly three centuries until its dissolution in 1814.
Though the GDR did hold regular elections, these were not free and fair.
The territory of modern Ukraine has been inhabited since 32,000 BC.
There were a series of religious controversies that resulted in divisions and persecutions.
The name was changed to Austria and shortly afterwards The First Austrian Republic was established in 1919.
Since the introduction of economic reforms in 1978, China has become one of the world's fastest-growing major economies.
There were seven established towns: Shrewsbury, Middleton, Piscataway, Woodbridge, Elizabethtown, Newark, and Bergen.
Srivijaya was the first unified kingdom to dominate much of Malay archipelago.
They established a formidable temple of Shiva in present-day Sukkur, Pakistan, close to their capital in Al-ror.
The history of Bolivia from 1964 to 1982 is a time of periodic instability under various military dictators.
The state originated with Daniel I, who inherited Moscow in 1283, eclipsing and eventually absorbing its parent duchy of Vladimir-Suzdal by the 1320s.
Part of the Lesser Antilles, it is located north/northeast of the island of Saint Vincent, northwest of Barbados and south of Martinique.
It was administered by Italy from 1950 to 1960, following the dissolution of the former British Military Administration.
Despite foreign rule from the 13th to 20th centuries, the Latvian nation maintained its identity throughout the generations via the language and musical traditions.
The Emirate of Afghanistan was an emirate between Central Asia and South Asia, which is today's Islamic Republic of Afghanistan.
In 1741 it was partitioned between itself and Solms-Sachsenfeld, and reintegrated that County upon its extinction in 1896.
The capital, Nuuk, held the 2016 Arctic Winter Games.
Pioneering media like RCTV made Venezuela famous with soap operas such as Kassandra.
The western wing was politically dominant despite East Pakistan having over half of the population and a disproportionately small number of seats in the Constituent Assembly.
The name, Nevis, is derived from the Spanish, Nuestra Señora de las Nieves; the name first appears on maps in the 16th century.
It was merged with the surrounding South African province of Natal to form the new province of KwaZulu-Natal.
However, after being defeated at Las Piedras, he retained control only of Colonia del Sacramento and Montevideo.
About three months later, the re-established colony of Southern Rhodesia was granted internationally recognised independence as the Republic of Zimbabwe.
From 1973 onward, East Germany maintained the existence of two German sovereign states, with West Germany being both de facto and de jure a foreign country.
Under the French, the island witnessed major changes.
The last Etruscan cities were formally absorbed by Rome around 100 BC.
There are also recent discoveries of burial artifacts of eight-foot inhabitants of Isla de Gigantes, including extra-large Lungon and pre-Hispanic potteries.
The Second Republic of Venezuela is the name used to refer to the reestablished Venezuelan Republic declared by Simón Bolívar on August 7, 1813.
East Prussia lost all of its German population after 1945, as Poland and the Soviet Union absorbed its territory and expelled most of its inhabitants.
The French colonization of Tunisia occurred in 1881.
In the 1750s, the colonies began collaborating with one another instead of dealing directly with Britain.
18 January] 1918 from parts of the Kherson and Bessarabia Governorates of the former Russian Empire.
The Kingdom of Janggala comprised the northeastern part of the Kingdom of Kahuripan.
It extends south to the Gulf of Guinea, where its capital Lomé is located.
The OIC has permanent delegations to the United Nations and the European Union.
Today, the northern half of Darvaz is the Darvoz district, Tavildara District, Vanj District, in the Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province in Tajikistan.
The Chaulukya dynasty ruled parts of what are now Gujarat and Rajasthan in north-western India, between c. 940 CE and 1244 CE.
During its reign, the Revolutionary Government was the source of mass murder, torture, executions and unexplained disappearances.
The Mankessim Kingdom was a pre-colonial African state in modern-day Ghana.
At its height, Plymouth Colony occupied most of the southeastern portion of the modern state of Massachusetts.
The town has 18 structures listed as heritage sites.
The Netherlands-Indonesian Union was a confederal relationship between the Netherlands and Indonesia that existed between 1949 and 1956.
The homes are usually rectangular and raised on stilts with thatched roofs.
Each of its four states is centered on one or more main high islands, and all but Kosrae include numerous outlying atolls.
What is now Ecuador was home to a variety of Amerindian groups that were gradually incorporated into the Inca Empire during the 15th century.
From the 3rd to the 13th centuries AD, the Iron-Age Bura culture existed in the territory of present-day southeastern Burkina Faso and southwestern Niger.
Apart from the actual monastic buildings, a number of other structures have been preserved among which are the gates and the economy building.
The economy grew impressively during Banzer's presidency, but demands for greater political freedom undercut his support.
The Federal Republic of Germany was a founding member of the European Economic Community in 1957 and the European Union in 1993.
The Netherlands, also known informally as Holland, is a densely populated country in Western Europe, also incorporating three island territories in the Caribbean.
The French invaded Switzerland and turned it into an ally known as the "Helvetic Republic."
The territory now known as Venezuela was colonized by Spain in 1522 amid resistance from indigenous peoples.
The official name of the state was Deutsches Reich; it had remained unchanged since 1871.
The castle of Dinas Brân would be reduced, the dramatic ruins of which may still be seen today.
The assembly of the Don Cossacks - the Krug - proclaimed the independence of the Don Republic on May 18, 1918.
That led, under the decree of the League of Arab States no.
Executive power is exercised by the government chaired by the prime minister.
Later the same year, the French recaptured their colony under the command of Jean II d'Estrées.
Little is known of the region of Commagene prior to the beginning of the 2nd century BC.
Lanfang Republic is one of the early modern republics in the world.
Its claimed territory has an area of 176,120 square kilometres, with approximately 4 million residents.
There was industrialization and modernization, but also conflict between the Nationalist government in Nanjing, the communists, remnant warlords, and the Empire of Japan.
There is also diverse wildlife in Bhutan.
The island, however, was not incorporated into the independent Kingdom of Greece.
Its first capital, St. George's, was established in 1612.
Belize is known for its September Celebrations, its extensive barrier reef coral reefs, and punta music.
Later for a short period time until the Mongol invasion it enjoyed a wide degree of autonomy when it was annexed to the Kingdom of Rus.
The boldest estimate concludes that the forced labour system led directly and indirectly to the deaths of 20 percent of the population.
In ensuing years, it was at war with France 14 times, and rule of the island changed frequently.
English is the official language of Belize, with Belizean Kriol being the unofficial language.
Under British pressure, the Balkan powers and the Ottomans signed the Treaty of Constantinople, which satisfied the Turkish claims to recognition of Eastern Thrace.
Marchtal Abbey is a former Premonstratensian monastery in Obermarchtal in the Alb-Donau-Kreis, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Sunni Muslims make up the predominant part of the Palestinian population in the Gaza Strip.
British Somaliland would remain a protectorate, while Italian Somaliland in 1949 became a United Nations Trusteeship under Italian administration, the Trust Territory of Somaliland.
In 1581, the Seven United Provinces seceded to form the Dutch Republic; the remaining Spanish Southern Netherlands eventually passed on to Habsburg Austria.
Konbaung armies' reprisals forced thousands of Mons to flee to Siam.
After King Wu of Zhou destroyed the Shang Dynasty in 1046 BCE, his uncle Guo Shu received grants of land at Yongdi.
After the nominal French Indochina colonial government was overthrown in 1945, Cambodia became a pro-Tokyo puppet state until the surrender of Japan.
The UN is the largest, most familiar, most internationally represented and most powerful intergovernmental organization in the world.
The other large city is Benghazi, which is located in eastern Libya.
It was in existence from 1139 until 1910.
Milton Obote held office as prime minister of Uganda during this period.
In 1990, the government dismantled the single-party system of government - installed by the Communist Party - and adopted a multi-party democracy.
South Sudan became an independent state on 9 July 2011, following a referendum that passed with 98.83% of the vote.
In addition with the Shun ministers constantly fighting for power, the dynasty effectively lasted less than a year.
Ethiopia is a multilingual nation with around 80 ethnolinguistic groups, the four largest of which are the Oromiffa, Amhara, Somali, and Tigrayans.
The Idrisids were an Arab Zaydi-Shia dynasty of Morocco, ruling from 788 to 974.
The annexed territories were designated the minor province, British Burma, of British India in 1862.
After 1290, Bosnia enjoyed virtual independence from Hungary and gained significant territory in Dalmatia at Serbia's expense.
The exact date of Moravia's collapse is unknown, but it occurred between 902 and 907.
Over time, they were under the suzerainty of the Sassanid Empire, the Hephthalite Empire, the Göktürk Khaganate, the Umayyad Caliphate and the Samanid Empire.
The Diocese of Passau is a Roman Catholic diocese in Germany that is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Munich and Freising.
When Duke Jarosław died in 1201, the Opole lands fell back to his father Bolesław and were briefly incorporated into the Duchy of Wrocław.
British cultural influence on the island is evident in its use of English as the main language and the British pound as its primary currency.
The country geographically comprises two main landmasses—the North Island, and the South Island—and around 600 smaller islands.
The members of Reuss-Lobenstein family belonged to the Reuss Junior Line.
The Marquis of Pombal was appointed by Joseph I, who had little inclination to rule.
The Hoysala empire was a prominent Southern Indian Kannadiga empire that ruled most of the modern-day state of Karnataka between the 10th and the 14th centuries.
Mississippian troops fought in every major theater of the American Civil War, although most were concentrated in the Western Theater.
It had a collegial form, resided in Warsaw and was headed by Karol Majewski.
Its importance gradually declined, especially after the relocation of its seat of government from Gaza to Cairo following the Israeli invasion in late 1948.
The kingdom was founded when the Graeco-Bactrian king Demetrius invaded the subcontinent early in the 2nd century BC.
Additionally, Omotic languages are spoken by ethnic minority groups inhabiting the southern regions.
The President is the most senior judge chosen by his or her peers in the Judicial Division, which hears cases before the Court.
It was the location of an important battle, about 605 BC, between the Babylonians and Egyptians, mentioned in the Bible.
The Kingdom succeeded from the Greek provisional governments after the Greek War of Independence, and lasted until 1924.
It is separated from Israel and Egypt by the Gulf of Aqaba.
Aleram's descendants were relatively obscure until the time of Marquess Rainier in the early twelfth century.
The Bohemian lands separated from disintegrating Moravia after Duke Spytihněv swore fidelity to the East Frankish king Arnulf in 895.
The United States of the Ionian Islands was a state and amical protectorate of the United Kingdom between 1815 and 1864.
At 1621, the Jaffna Kingdom was conquered by the Portuguese and the Vanni chiefs became tributaries of the Portuguese Ceylon.
Culture that is identifiably Etruscan developed in Italy after about 800 BC, approximately over the range of the preceding Iron Age Villanovan culture.
The territory has no permanent civilian population.
Schwerin is located within the metropolitan region of Hamburg and close to that of Berlin, and to nearby regiopolises of Rostock and Lübeck.
It decidedly fell apart only after the Prussian victory in the Seven Weeks' War of 1866.
A series of partitions and dynastic changes led to a diminution of its territory and to periods of rule by the kings of Aragon and France.
The United States Department of the Interior cites a landmass of 183.5 square miles.
After Napoleon's defeat at the Battle of Leipzig, Ferdinand dissolved his alliance with the First French Empire on 26 October 1813.
The Piedmontese Republic was re-established as the Subalpine Republic on 20 June 1800.
Human rights violations, religious persecution, and allegations that Sudan had been a safe haven for terrorists isolated the country from most of the international community.
Tasmania was often referred to as one of the "most British" colonies of the Empire.
The Kingdom of Brittany was a short-lived vassal-state of the Frankish Empire that emerged during the Norman invasions.
The Malagasy Republic was a state situated in Southeast Africa.
Both Goguryeo and Baekje, two of the Three Kingdoms of Korea, considered themselves its successor nation.
However, since Etruria was troubled with smuggling and espionage Napoleon annexed the territory, thus becoming the last non-Bonaparte Italian kingdom on the Peninsula.
The division of Unterwalden into two separate territories, Obwalden and Nidwalden in the early period is less than clear.
KaNgwane ceased to exist on 27 April 1994 when the Interim Constitution dissolved the homelands and created new provinces.
Victor Emmanuel's dynasty, the House of Savoy, retained its Italian lands of Piedmont and Liguria and became the ruling dynasty of Italy.
Following the interwar period, Hungary joined the Axis Powers in World War II, suffering significant damage and casualties.
The kingdom was tribal in origin and had close relations with King Tang of Shang.
The majority of the residents are ethnic Macedonians, a South Slavic people.
In 1073, Amalfi lost its independence and fell to the Normans, from whose yoke it failed in two separate attempts to free itself.
The Allied occupation of Austria lasted from 1945 to 1955.
Its capital was Maghas, and it controlled a vital trade route through the Darial Pass.
The capital of the republic was the village of Uhtua.
Zanzibar's main industries are spices, raffia, and tourism.
Ultimately, nine African countries and around twenty armed groups became involved in the war, which resulted in the deaths of 5.4 million people.
The archipelago, with an area of 4,700 square miles, comprises East Falkland, West Falkland and 776 smaller islands.
Paraguay lies on both banks of the Paraguay River, which runs through the center of the country from north to south.
The counts, through marriage alliances and treaties, acquired the other Catalan counties and extended their influence along Occitania.
It had a number of Spanish governors over its long history and several kings.
Established in 1672 for Bernhard, fourth son of Wilhelm, Duke of Saxe-Weimar, Saxe-Jena was reincorporated into Saxe-Weimar on the extinction of Bernhard's line in 1690.
The dynasty quickly rose to power and grew into an empire under Someshvara I who moved the capital to Kalyani.
It describes the first king of Kedah as arriving on the shores of Kedah as a result of an attack by a mythical gigantic beast.
The Prime Minister throughout was General Milan Nedić.
After Lippstadt, a neighbouring town, Soest is the second biggest town in its district.
As of 2014, it is the world's second-largest economy by nominal total GDP and largest by purchasing power parity.
Spanning over four centuries, the Han period is considered a golden age in Chinese history.
Its territory of 28 km2 comprised the city of Fiume and rural areas to its north, with a corridor to its west connecting it to Italy.
Named Santiago, the island remained a possession of Spain until 1655, when England conquered it and renamed it Jamaica.
Kumul continued as a vassal khanate when Xinjiang was changed into a province in 1884 after the Dungan revolt.
The modern minority Tujia people trace some of their origins back to the people of Ba.
The Duchy of Żagań or Duchy of Sagan was one of the duchies of Silesia ruled by the Silesian Piasts.
Now the city of Kramatorsk is the interim administrative center of the Donetsk Oblast, whereas the interim center of Luhansk Oblast is the city of Severodonetsk.
The borders of the Kingdom of Württemberg, as defined in 1813, lay between 47°34' and 49°35' north and 8°15' and 10°30' east.
The Government accepted the establishment of a National Conference bringing together representatives of different political movements.
This allowed the Portuguese sufficient claim to the Kingdom of Kotte upon Dharmapala's death in 1597.
Talks between the German states failed in 1848, and the Confederation briefly dissolved, but was re-established shortly after, in 1850.
Its peoples included various Lezgin tribes and Avars.
The "National Cavalry" or "Royal force" was under the Commander-in-chief.
The Alash Party proclaimed the autonomy of the Kazakh people in December 1917.
From the time of the emperor Songtsen Gampo the power of the empire gradually increased over a diverse terrain.
At its height, the Danelaw included London, all of East Anglia and most of the North of England.
The Lord of Mann is represented by a Lieutenant Governor.
Two Anyi kingdoms, Indénié and Sanwi, attempted to retain their separate identity through the French colonial period and after independence.
It is located in the north-west of Switzerland on the banks of the Aare and on the foot of the Weissenstein Jura mountains.
The Kingdom of Kartli was a feudal Georgian state that existed from 1466/84 to 1762, with the city of Tbilisi as its capital.
It was named after the capital city Chakan Putum.
The chieftainship continues to this day under the title Mwata Msiri.
The Kingdom was finally annexed to France in 1888 and its last queen Teriimaevarua III was forced to abdicate in 1895.
It is now a Benedictine monastery and is part of the Beuronese Congregation.
The Kingdom was ruled by the dynasty of the Ó Raghallaigh and lasted until the early 17th century.
The provinces of Katanga, under Moïse Tshombe, and South Kasai attempted to secede from the Congo.
The state's largest cities were Copenhagen, Altona, Bergen, Trondheim, and Christiania.
The United Arab States was a short-lived confederation of the United Arab Republic and North Yemen from 1958 to 1961.
Alaiye is the medieval Seljuq name for Alanya.
During the Protestant Reformation, Württemberg faced great pressure from the Holy Roman Empire to remain a member.
During the late third millennium, the site was known as Shekhna.
On two occasions Welsh claimants to the title rose up in rebellion during this period, although neither ultimately succeeded.
Northern Ireland is the only part of the United Kingdom that shares a land border with another sovereign state‍—‌the Republic of Ireland.
The Crown Colony of Labuan joined the new Crown Colony during its formation.
The International Criminal Court issued an arrest warrant against Gaddafi and his entourage on 27 June 2011.
Guinea-Bissau was once part of the kingdom of Gabu, as well as part of the Mali Empire.
Most Icelanders are descendants of Germanic and Gaelic settlers.
Qatar has been ruled by the House of Thani since the early 19th century.
The kingdom is the precursor for the country of Laos and the basis for the national historic and cultural identity.
Both East Timor and Papua New Guinea are backed by certain ASEAN members for their membership in the organisation.
The member countries are Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, and Turkey.
This system remained remarkably stable, and with a few brief interruptions remained in place for 180 years, until 322 BC.
British Somaliland, officially the British Somaliland Protectorate) was a British protectorate in present-day northwestern Somalia.
Adolphe Thiers called republicanism in the 1870s "the form of government that divides France least"; however, politics under the Third Republic were sharply polarized.
Puntland, officially the Puntland State of Somalia, is a region in northeastern Somalia.
Around 1120, the Almohads first established a Berber state in Tinmel in the Atlas Mountains.
Currently there are a number of individuals in different countries who claim to be the sole legitimate "King" of Redonda.
A section of the historical Wa territory was included in the state of Manglon, one of the Shan States.
The president of the Second Republic, Yun Po-sun, stayed in office as a figurehead.
Attempts by Charles IV to return to the throne were prevented by threats of war from neighbouring countries and by the lack of support from Horthy.
It also included Bohuslän until 1658, Jämtland and Härjedalen until 1645, Shetland and Orkney until 1468, and the Hebrides and Isle of Man until 1266.
The building is located on the Route Romane d'Alsace.
Medieval Cholas rose to prominence during the middle of the 9th century C.E.
The Sultanate expanded southward, first with the conquest of the Raichur Doab following the defeat of the Vijayanagar Empire at the Battle of Talikota in 1565.
Giovanni de' Medici re-conquered the republic in 1512.
Fond du Lac Band of Lake Superior Chippewa
Its name came from the two largest towns in the territory: Brunswick and Lüneburg.
Ties were established with Kabardian and South Ossetian insurgents and with Georgia, which recognized the emirate's authorities.
The Barghawatas were a group of Berber tribes on the Atlantic coast of Morocco, belonging to the Masmuda confederacy.
Today it is on the frontier between Turkey and Syria.
The first valleys seem to have joined forces willingly, but the Sican culture was acquired through conquest.
In the 10th century the Kingdom broke its vassalage under Córdoba and start expanding militarily.
The Spanish introduced Roman Catholicism and the now predominant Spanish language, along with numerous customs that have blended with the indigenous culture.
There are also several boats that can take passengers from Frauenchiemsee to Herreninsel and back.
The emperors of this dynasty were great patrons of Buddhism.
Indonesia is a member of several multilateral organizations, including the UN, WTO, IMF and G20 major economies.
Since the late 16th century, large areas have been reclaimed from the sea and lakes, amounting to nearly 17% of the country's current land mass.
The empire existed at its zenith from approximately 320 to 550 CE and covered much of the Indian subcontinent.
Influence from other regions, mainly China, followed by periods of isolation, particularly from Western Europe, has characterized Japan's history.
The monarchy returned in 1660, but the Civil War had established the precedent that an English monarch cannot govern without the consent of Parliament.
This period witnessed a general improvement in economic life and agricultural production, and a great flourishing of architectural projects, the arts and science.
They are organized, self-governing territories with locally elected governors and territorial legislatures.
Following defeat at the hands of the Ottomans outside the city of Nicopolis, Vidin finally fell under the sphere of the Ottomans led by Bayezid I.
Guam has an area of 210 sq mi and a population density of 770/sq mi.
The name of the leading province, Holland, was now taken for the whole country.
She expanded the state by conquest, colonization and diplomacy, continuing Peter the Great's policy of modernisation along West European lines.
The Cayman Islands are considered to be part of the geographic Western Caribbean Zone as well as the Greater Antilles.
Balaji and his descendants played a key role in the expansion of Maratha rule.
The French Union was a political entity created by the French Fourth Republic to replace the old French colonial system, colloquially known as the "French Empire".
The origin of the Pauravas tribe is quite ancient and pre-dates the Mahabharata.
The Vargas Era comprises three successive phases:
Saint Martin, officially the Collectivity of Saint Martin is an overseas collectivity of France in the Caribbean.
The Kingdom of Sennar exerted enough pressure that Taqali sent annual tribute, but never conquered the area.
Napoleon imposed the first written modern constitution in Germany, a French-style central administration, and agricultural reform.
It stretched from the Baltic to the North Sea and inland during the Late Middle Ages and early modern period.
The Maurya Empire was a geographically extensive Iron Age historical power founded by Chandragupta Maurya which dominated ancient India between c. 322 and 187 BCE.
Marmoutier Abbey, otherwise Maursmünster Abbey, was a Benedictine monastery in the commune of Marmoutier in Alsace.
The Banat Republic was a short-lived state proclaimed in Timişoara on November 1, 1918, the day after the dissolution of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
The Great Depression, exacerbated by Brüning's policy of deflation, led to a surge in unemployment.
Its territory covers the classical land of Khwarezm, though in classical Persian literature the area was known as Kāt.
Anhalt-Harzgerode was a small principality of the Holy Roman Empire, ruled by the House of Ascania with its residence at Harzgerode in present-day Saxony-Anhalt.
Both popular opinion and the legal construction of the government made clear that the independent State of Vermont would eventually join the original 13 states.
The 1969 uprising in East Pakistan contributed to Ayub Khan's overthrow.
It reappeared as a duchy, and in the High Middle Ages, an enlarged Aquitaine pledged loyalty to the Angevin kings of England.
Over the next two decades the pace of European acquisitions in Africa increased, causing the so-called "Scramble for Africa".
The most important cities of the county were Beringen, Bilzen, Borgloon, Bree, Hamont, Hasselt, Herk-de-Stad, Maaseik, Peer and Stokkem.
Most of the original colonies have given their names to the modern provinces of Mozambique.
However, Burundi has given formal notice that it will withdraw from the Rome Statute.
In the Indian Ocean, India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives.
Its members became de facto independent rulers following the breakup of the Ilkhanate until their defeat in 1357.
The 1920 Treaty of Sèvres defines the Principal Allied Powers as the British Empire, French Republic, Italy and Japan.
The Tsardom of Vidin was a medieval Bulgarian state centred in the city of Vidin.
Their arrival was largely accidental, seeking control of commerce over territorial conquest.
During Late Vedic times, it was one of the most powerful states of the Indian subcontinent, closely allied with the Kuru Kingdom.
Throughout the Konbaung Dynasty, the capital was relocated several times for religious, political, and strategic reasons.
Nordhausen is a city in Thuringia, Germany.
The Red Lake Band developed its constitution in the 1950s, electing its first chairman in 1959.
It is the precursor of the modern state of Switzerland.
Under the latter the kingdom was conquered by the more powerful taifa of Seville, led by Abbad II al-Mu'tadid.
It ceased to exist when Minsk was captured by the forces of Bolshevik Russia and the Byelorussian SSR was founded in Minsk.
The new territory was granted a flag, merging the French flag with the Lebanese cedar.
Then the following year another increase of $9.50 was take in effect on January 1, 2017 and another increase to $10.50 set for January 2018.
The last Latin emperor, Baldwin II, went into exile, but the imperial title survived, with several pretenders to it, until the 14th century.
Nayakas of Keladi, also known as Nayakas of Bednore and Kings of Ikkeri, were an Indian dynasty based from Keladi in Shimoga district, Karnataka, India.
The country's per-capita gross domestic product is one of the lowest in the world.
Shortly thereafter the Jericho Conference named King Abdullah I of Transjordan "King of Arab Palestine".
Kwame Nkrumah held office as prime minister.
The four largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam, Rotterdam, The Hague and Utrecht.
KwaNdebele was re-integrated into South Africa after the first democratic election of 27 April 1994.
For this reason, they are usually named Collectors' coins.
The dynasty is often compared to the earlier Qin dynasty for unifying China after prolonged division.
The restored Kingdom of Greece lasted from 1935 to 1973.
The county was mediatised to Kingdom of Prussia in 1813, of which Salm-Reifferscheid-Dyck became a princely title three years later.
It emerged as a subdivision from the Principality of Anhalt from 1252 until 1468, when it fell to the Ascanian principality of Anhalt-Dessau.
South Korea, officially the Republic of Korea, is a sovereign state in East Asia, constituting the southern part of the Korean Peninsula.
Prior to its colonization by Europeans, Ivory Coast was home to several states, including Gyaaman, the Kong Empire, and Baoulé.
For most of its existence, it was the internationally recognized government of Cambodia.
Orélie-Antoine de Tounens claimed the regions of Araucanía and eastern Patagonia.
But Norway refused to submit to the treaty provisions, declared independence, and convoked a constituent assembly at Eidsvoll in early 1814.
It could raise an army of 40,000 cavalry and at least twice as many foot soldiers.
In 1797, France defeated the Holy Roman Empire and all lands west of the Rhine were lost.
The state of Hawaii is an archipelago in the mid-Pacific Ocean.
The county's borders corresponded largely to those of the modern administrative district of Grafschaft Bentheim.
In November 1918, the monarchies were abolished and the nobility lost its political power during the German Revolution of 1918–19.
The EU has developed an internal single market through a standardised system of laws that apply in all member states.
The dynasty began with Kashta's invasion of Upper Egypt and culminated in several years of both successful and unsuccessful war with the Mesopotamian based Assyrian Empire.
Tĩnh Hải quân took advantage of this opportunity and proclaimed its independence and seceded from China.
Weingarten Abbey or St. Martin's Abbey is a Benedictine monastery on the Martinsberg in Weingarten near Ravensburg in Baden-Württemberg.
The British landed in large numbers in the north of the island and rapidly overpowered the French, who capitulated.
Lebanon, officially known as the Lebanese Republic, is a sovereign state in Western Asia.
The lands are not connected to France Antarctique, a former French colony in Brazil.
In 1964, shortly after the dissolution, Northern Rhodesia became an independent republic under the name Zambia and Nyasaland became the independent commonwealth realm of Malawi.
Its founder Lý Bí assumed the title of "Southern Emperor".
In 1961, the Union of South Africa became the Republic of South Africa.
The Seneca Nation has three reservations, two of which are occupied: Cattaraugus Reservation, Allegany Indian Reservation, and the mostly unpopulated Oil Springs Reservation.
Covering an area of 120 m × 75 m or 9,000 m2, it was later integrated into the city through the process of land reclamation.
The term "Principality of Catalonia" remained in use until the Second Spanish Republic, when its use declined because of its historical relation to the monarchy.
Its boundaries have changed considerably over time, however it came to be defined as the modern geographical region by the mid 19th century.
The last movement instituted a military dictatorship known as Ditadura Nacional that would be followed by the corporatist Estado Novo regime of António de Oliveira Salazar.
The confederation collapsed after being defeated by a combined Chilean and Peruvian dissident force in what is now known as the War of the Confederation.
Karadagh khanate - was a khanate established in the 18th century, with its chief center being Ahar.
However, after failing he was punished by King Gagik I.
Its territory was part of the modern states of Bavaria and Thuringia.
Monaco is a principality governed under a form of constitutional monarchy, with Prince Albert II as head of state.
In 1256, a great battle was fought between the O'Rourkes and the O'Reillys near Ballinamore.
Home rule was restored in the islands after the November 2012 elections.
This, in effect, ended the First Czechoslovak Republic.
The Principality of Bayreuth or Margraviate of Brandenburg-Bayreuth was an immediate territory of the Holy Roman Empire, ruled by a Franconian branch of the Hohenzollern dynasty.
In 275 AD, the region came under the rule of the later Jewish-influenced Himyarite Kingdom.
Allied with the Kingdom of Kandy, Pandara Vanniyan fought with guerrilla tactics against the Dutch and British.
In the 16th century, the Spanish Empire and the Knights of St John occupied Tripoli, until Ottoman rule began in 1551.
Argentina, officially the Argentine Republic, is a federal republic in the southern portion of South America.
Djibouti joined the United Nations the same year, on 20 September 1977.
Cheng Han's was the earliest establishment of the Sixteen Kingdoms.
Over 70% of Belarus's population of 9.49 million resides in urban areas.
In terms of purchasing power parity, South Africa has the seventh-highest per capita income in Africa.
The region was eventually annexed by Brazil in 1903 and is now the state of Acre.
Due to this, the great powers convened and signed the Treaty of Berlin, superseding the Treaty of San Stefano, which never went into effect.
The expansion accelerated in the 1050s and 1060s when King Anawrahta founded the Pagan Empire, the first ever unification of the Irrawaddy valley and its periphery.
Turkic rule in Mongolia was restored as Second Turkic Khaganate in 682.
The rebellion was brutally quelled by the British who annexed the kingdom and made it a province of British India.
Suriname, officially known as the Republic of Suriname, is a sovereign state on the northeastern Atlantic coast of South America.
It played an important role in the history of the Deccan during the 5th and 6th centuries.
Under the rule of Ferdinand I from 1526, the lands of the Boheman Crown became a constituent part of the Habsburg Monarchy.
The Liu were also known as Tiefu 铁弗, a term which meant that they had Xiongnu fathers and Xianbei mothers.
Albania, or Ardhan in Parthian or Arran in Middle Persian, was a Caucasian satrapy of the Sassanid Empire.
The population is young and predominantly rural, with a density among the highest in Africa.
This was intended to protect Africans in Northern Rhodesia and Nyasaland from discriminatory Southern Rhodesian laws.
In 1948, the OECD originated as the Organisation for European Economic Co-operation, led by Robert Marjolin of France, to help administer the Marshall Plan.
Both areas are administered by Norway, though they are separated by a distance of over 950 kilometres and have very different administrative structures.
It is the 3rd most peaceful country in the world and one of the fifteen sustainable states, maintaining a unitary semi-presidential republican form of government.
Further main offices are situated in Geneva, Nairobi, and Vienna.
The Mamluk Dynasty ruled from 1206 to 1290; it was the first of five unrelated dynasties to rule as the Delhi Sultanate till 1526.
Georgia is a member of the United Nations, the Council of Europe, and the GUAM Organization for Democracy and Economic Development.
The Vichy government remained in existence, but as a de facto client state of Nazi Germany.
Some sources note that the Angas were grouped with people of ‘mixed origin’, generally in the later ages.
Norway has both administrative and political subdivisions on two levels: counties and municipalities.
Boyer, on the other hand, sought to protect his country from the possibility of France's or Spain's retaking Spanish Haiti and attacking or even re-conquering Haiti.
It is entirely possible that they were the product of a combination of lineages from both these royal kindreds, or alternatively of another origin entirely.
The two provinces were amalgamated in 1702.
Cuba, officially the Republic of Cuba, is a country comprising the island of Cuba as well as Isla de la Juventud and several minor archipelagos.
Chad is home to over 200 different ethnic and linguistic groups.
The rulers of Baden belonged to the Swabian House of Zähringen.
Chhattrapati Shahu, grandson of Shivaji, was released by the Mughals after the death of Emperor Aurangzeb.
The Serbian Autonomous Oblast of Western Slavonia was a Serbian self-proclaimed autonomous region within Croatia.
The kingdom mainly ruled in Sakastan during its whole existence, but at its zenith, it stretched as far as Sindh.
Although situated in the Diyala Valley north-east of Sumer proper, the city nonetheless belonged securely within the Sumerian cultural milieu.
This article covers the gold and silver issues of the euro commemorative coins.
It was originally known as Pleskov, and is now roughly equivalent geographically to the Pskov Oblast of Russia.
Peter I became the first king of Yugoslavia until his death in 1921.
In 1815, the Duchy of Lucca was carved out of Tuscany as compensation for the Bourbons of Parma until they resumed their rule in 1847.
Solms-Braunfels was a partition of Solms, ruled by the House of Solms, and was raised to a Principality of the Holy Roman Empire in 1742.
The people in Nuevo Santander were the first to call themselves tejanos.
The Grand National Assembly is today the parliamentary body of Turkey.
In addition to CARICOM, it is a member of the International Monetary Fund, World Trade Organization, and the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States.
After the removal of Chancellor Otto von Bismarck by Wilhelm II, the Empire embarked on a bellicose new course that ultimately led to World War I.
The Principality of Antioch was one of the crusader states created during the First Crusade which included parts of modern-day Turkey and Syria.
The Counts of Schönborn-Wiesentheid are still today residing at Wiesentheid Castle.
By the 1720s Muang Phuan was supporting the Kingdom of Luang Prabang in wars against the Burmese, and Siamese.
In January 1806 the British occupied the colony for a second time after the Battle of Blaauwberg at present-day Bloubergstrand.
The two other parts of Vietnam at the time were known as Annam and Tonkin.
In 2000 Belarus and Russia signed a treaty for greater cooperation, with some hints of forming a Union State.
Gengenbach Abbey was a Benedictine monastery in Gengenbach in the district of Ortenau, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Moravia experienced significant cultural development under King Rastislav, with the arrival in 863 of the mission of Saints Cyril and Methodius.
It was located between Bandava, Duvzare and the Baltic sea on the territory of present Liepāja district in Latvia.
During the 16th and 17th centuries, the Crimean Khanate was an important center of the slave trade.
Egypt is a member of the United Nations, Non-Aligned Movement, Arab League, African Union, and Organisation of Islamic Cooperation.
Sussex was a Saxon colony and later independent kingdom of the Saxons, on the south coast of England.
The Kingdom of Bavaria was a German state that succeeded the former Electorate of Bavaria in 1805 and continued to exist until 1918.
The County of Nassau was a German state within the Holy Roman Empire and later part of the German Confederation.
The most famous ruler of Azcapotzalco was Tezozomoctli.
There are two main divisions in the history of the dynasty.
At the time of its establishment, the duchy bordered on the territory of Swedish Pomerania in the north and of Brandenburg in the south.
Suriname has been an associate member of the Taalunie since 2005.
The second Ebla was a continuation of the first, ruled by a new royal dynasty.
American officials immediately recognized the new government and U.S. Marines landed to protect American citizens during the upheaval.
Ganja was the temporary capital of the Republic as Baku was under Bolshevik control.
In the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries, the Crusader states disintegrated and the Mongols became Islamized, leaving the Armenian Kingdom without any regional allies.
A large majority of Finns are members of the Evangelical Lutheran Church, though freedom of religion is guaranteed under the Finnish Constitution.
The territory returned to Chinese control after the defeat of the Japanese Empire in 1945.
The African Great Lakes region, which Kenya is a part of, has been inhabited by humans since the Lower Paleolithic period.
The kingdom was ruled by the O'Rourke clan and lasted until the early 17th century, when their lands were confiscated by England.
Waldburg-Friedburg-Scheer was a County ruled by the House of Waldburg, located in southeastern Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Its full members are Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay.
Further inland are highlands in Central and Rift Valley regions where tea and coffee are grown as cash crops which are major foreign revenue earners.
Papua New Guinea is one of the most culturally diverse countries in the world.
Rivalry with Venice emerged in the first decades of the 9th century and was to continue for the following centuries.
The prefect responded by appointing Pourchet president of the Free Republic of Saugeais.
Like the previous Sui dynasty, the Tang dynasty maintained a civil service system by recruiting scholar-officials through standardized examinations and recommendations to office.
The mueang was named Vieng Prueksa, as prueksa means "to discuss".
The Duchy of Saxe-Jena was one of the Saxon Duchies held by the Ernestine line of the Wettin Dynasty.
Maragheh Khanate was a 17th–20th-century khanate based in Maragheh.
The announcement was made on 18 April 1979, exercising authority in parts of Southern Lebanon.
The old town grew up around the edge of the island with a large open plaza in the middle.
The sultanate reached the peak of its geographical reach during the Tughlaq dynasty, occupying most of the Indian subcontinent.
Since January 1, 1993, Überlingen has been categorized as a large district city.
The Somoza family was an influential political dynasty who ruled Nicaragua as a family dictatorship from 1936 to 1979.
It maintains a Nordic social welfare system that provides universal health care and tertiary education for its citizens.
Following the fall of the Liao Dynasty many Khitans moved further west and established the state of Qara Khitai.
Srivijaya had religious, cultural and trade links with the Buddhist Pala of Bengal, as well as with the Islamic Caliphate in the Middle East.
In 1854, it became the Orange Free State, and is now the Free State province of South Africa.
On 1 August 1943, L'Armée d'Afrique was formally united with the Free French Forces to form L'Armée française de la Liberation.
He has also held the position of president of four Jordanian universities.
The Baltic Assembly is a regional organisation that promotes intergovernmental cooperation between the Baltic republics of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania.
The Romans, who would occupy Tunisia for most of the next eight hundred years, introduced Christianity and left architectural legacies like the El Djem amphitheater.
Following the Allied landings in French North Africa in November 1942, southern France was also militarily occupied by Germany and Italy.
As Kurds continued to fight government troops, Iraqi forces finally left Kurdistan in October 1991, leaving the region with de facto autonomy.
Administrative affairs of the Spanish East Indies were handled by the Captaincy General of the Philippines and the Real Audiencia of Manila.
In a matter of years the Empire lost its richest provinces, Egypt and Syria, to the Arabs.
Sweden maintains a Nordic social welfare system that provides universal health care and tertiary education for its citizens.
The Hindu orthodoxy drew their lineage from the earlier Varman dynasty and thus ultimately from Narakasura.
Currently, the Rada of the Belarusian People's Republic is the oldest still existing government-in-exile.
Raids by the Meitei intensified in the 1730s, reaching increasingly deeper parts of central Burma.
It emerged as a small state during the late Vedic period, with connections to the neighboring realm of Videha.
Its capital was located in Kawali, near today Ciamis city.
Starting approximately 1912 B.C., the line refers to the rule of Viên Lang and his successors, when the seat of government was centered at Phú Thọ.
It consisted mainly of present-day Bulgaria, spreading to parts of Northern Dobruja, parts of Northern Greece and parts of modern-day European Turkey.
Poland is a developed and democratic country, which maintains a high-income economy along with very high standards of living, life quality, safety, education and economic freedom.
The island was declared a World Heritage Site in 2000 because of its monastery, the Abbey of Reichenau.
It had access to the Baltic Sea via a short strip of coastline either side of the city of Gdynia.
The Imperial Abbey of Baindt was a Cistercian nunnery in Baindt in the district of Ravensburg in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
The Battle of Kosovo of 1389 is considered to be one of the defining moments in Serbian medieval history.
Spondylus shells were also highly valued and traded by the Chimú people.
This banking family replaced the de' Medici family, who influenced all of Europe during the Renaissance.
Jamestown was also at the brink of failure before the arrival of a new group of settlers and supplies in 1610.
The Cherokee Nation from 1794–1907 was a legal, autonomous, tribal government in North America recognized from 1794 to 1907.
The official language is Hungarian, which is the most widely spoken Uralic language in the world.
After securing its borders on all sides, Assyria entered into a quiet and peaceful period in its history which lasted for two and a half centuries.
The country has the highest per capita income in the world.
Since then, the Dominican Republic has moved toward representative democracy and has been led by Leonel Fernández for most of the time since 1996.
As Chairman of the National Reform Council.
Rotuma is a Fijian dependency, consisting of Rotuma Island and nearby islets.
It came into existence after the death of Nader Shah which led to the breakup of the Safavid empire, and gain semi-independence.
Uzbekistan was bordered by Kazakhstan to the north; Tajikistan to the southeast; Kirghizia to the northeast; Afghanistan to the south; and Turkmenistan to the southwest.
The Justanids or Jostanids were the rulers of a part of Daylam from 791 to the late 11th-century.
Tan was an ancient state located in present-day Shandong Province, China.
Saxe-Altenburg was one of the Saxon duchies held by the Ernestine branch of the House of Wettin in present-day Thuringia.
On 12 June 1991, Boris Yeltsin was elected the first President.
For the autonomous British territory named Federation of Nigeria from 1954 to 1960, see Colony and Protectorate of Nigeria
The island has an average temperature of 26 °C and great climatic and biological diversity.
Unlike the other homelands in South Africa, KaNgwane did not adopt a distinctive flag of its own but flew the national flag of South Africa.
Few of the men who marched into Russia with Napoleon in 1812 ever returned.
In terms of archaeology, language, lifestyle, and religion there was little to set the Phoenicians apart as markedly different from other residents of the Levant.
Her reign was divided into two major stages:
Bioko Island is the northernmost part of Equatorial Guinea and is the site of the country's capital, Malabo.
"It organized one of the world's earliest campaigns of urban guerrilla warfare", according to Norman Davies.
Its charter was enacted on May 14, 1692, during the coregency of William and Mary, the joint monarchs of England, Scotland, and Ireland.
As a result, South Kasai remained on relatively good terms with the new Congolese government from 1961.
Meles became prime minister of the Federal Democratic Republic and remained so until his death on August 20, 2012.
However they shifted their capital to Tenkasi and continued to rule the Tirulnelveli, Tuticorin, Ramanad, Sivagangai regions.
The civil Mandate administration was formalized with the League of Nations' consent in 1923 under the British Mandate for Palestine, which covered two administrative areas.
Tidore established a loose alliance with the Spanish in the sixteenth century, and Spain had several forts on the island.
It existed for only 30 years, from 1680 to 1710.
By the early 1990s Mobutu's government began to weaken.
Several dynasties emerged from the ninth to 16th centuries, the Rasulid dynasty being the strongest and most prosperous.
In 1881, Dent established the North Borneo Provisional Association Ltd to manage the territory, which was granted a royal charter in the same year.
Zhao was home to administrative philosopher Shen Dao, sophist Gongsun Long and the Confucian Xun Kuang.
They also had extensive trade links with the Southeast Asian maritime empires of Srivijaya and their successors.
Fish being their flag, Pandyas were experts in water management, agriculture(mostly near river banks) and fisheries and they were eminent sailors and sea traders too.
The town is the only municipality of the district of the same name.
Archaeological research has unearthed several ancient cities in Bangladesh, which enjoyed international trade links for millennia.
The 2013 debt-to-GDP ratio was 11 percent.
Today the area lies in two States of Germany – Saarland in the District of St. Wendel and Rhineland-Palatinate in the District of Birkenfeld.
As of 2007, Georgia is proposing the status of autonomous republic within the Georgian state.
Mining remains a major economic factor, however.
All rulers of the Southern Yan declared themselves "emperors".
The headquarters of the UN is in Manhattan, New York City, and experiences extraterritoriality.
The island is 13 square miles with a population of 4,595.
Serbia is a member of numerous organizations such as the UN, CoE, OSCE, PfP, BSEC, and CEFTA.
The provisional government consisted of 25 members and 15 member candidates.
In 1936, the region was integrated into Italian East Africa as part of the Italian Empire.
Kaunda's socialist United National Independence Party maintained power from 1964 until 1991.
Ethiopia, officially the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia is a country located in the Horn of Africa.
The Subanon people speak the Subanon language.
Logothetis appointed four of his closest aides as the first chiliarchs, who appointed subordinate pentakosiarchs, and they in turn appointed subordinate hekatontarchs, etc.
After the Union, Artois and Hainaut reached a separate agreement with Philip II.
This Caucasian War raged until 1864, when the Avar Khanate was abolished and the Avar District was instituted instead.
Upon Maqsud Shah's death in 1930 Jin Shuren replaced the khanate with three normal provincial administrative districts Hami, Yihe, and Yiwu.
Although using the same state symbols and name of the republic, the new government obtained international recognition only from the Anti-Comintern Pact countries.
Kingdom of Vientiane was formed in 1707 as a result of the split of the Kingdom of Lan Xang.
For its size, Qatar wields disproportionate influence in the world, and has been identified as a middle power.
The autonomy was to serve as a test case for a Russian collaborationist government under the SS in Reichskommissariat Moskowien.
The area had a population of around seven million.
Archaeological data from protohistoric Kerala and Tamil Nadu "appears to challenge the notion of a separate culture region".
Butua was renowned as the source of gold for Arab and Portuguese traders.
The Duchy of Salzburg was a Cisleithanian crown land of the Austrian Empire and Austria-Hungary from 1849–1918.
The country declared its independence on July 26, 1847.
Unlike the contemporaneous Lemko Republic to its west, the Komancza Republic planned to unite with the West Ukrainian People's Republic in an independent Ukrainian state.
The kingdom was ruled by Mwene wa Ngoma.
Most Frankish Kings were buried in the Basilica of St Denis, near Paris.
During the 17th century, the territory was expanded towards the East and new sections were created.
Landsberg pays property taxes on the land, which has no residents or buildings on it, although he has installed monuments and a border patrol gate.
Yemen is a developing country, and the poorest country in the Middle East.
Most of the Elymais were probably descendants of the ancient Elamites, who once had control of that area in the past.
Peru has gone through periods of political unrest and internal conflict as well as periods of stability and economic upswing.
The gangs looted, burned and warred in the areas of northern Laos and Xieng Khouang.
Vietnam remains one of the world's four remaining one-party socialist states officially espousing communism.
A member of the same clan as Muhammad, Banu Hashim, he presided over a civil war known as the First Fitna.
Tunisia's name is derived from its capital city, Tunis, which is located on Tunisia's northeast coast.
Its capital was Dongola, and the kingdom is sometimes known by the name of its capital.
"Buyeo" may also refer to a Baekje surname or Buyeo County in South Korea.
The Penang territory included Penang Island, formerly known as Prince of Wales Island, and Seberang Perai on the mainland, formerly known as Province Wellesley.
There is little life on the island apart from seabirds and seals.
In 383, the General Lu Guang of Former Qin seized control of the region.
After World War I, Nauru became a League of Nations mandate administered by Australia, New Zealand and the United Kingdom.
Archaeological evidence shows that the Ba people relied primarily on fishing and hunting, with low levels of agriculture and no evidence of irrigation.
The area of the state now forms the Chitral District of the Malakand Division, Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.
President Yuan Shikai recognized Yang as governor.
Hesse lost its independence when it joined the German Empire in 1871.
Northern Liao was a state created by the Khitans, separate from the Liao dynasty, in northern China around Nanjing and Zhongjing.
The Allied naval blockade caused severe shortages of food.
A number of police forces north of the river amalgamated to form the Northern Rhodesia Police in 1911.
The All-Palestine Government is regarded by some as the first attempt to establish an independent Palestinian state.
By August 2017, the Treasury was having difficulty paying its obligations.
The Prince-Bishopric of Strassburg was an ecclesiastical principality of the Holy Roman Empire from the 13th century until 1803.
The Later Cheras ruled from Mahodayapuram on the banks of River Periyar and fought numerous wars with their powerful neighbours such as the Cholas and Rashtrakutas.
The Ethiopian Empire, also known as Abyssinia, was a kingdom that spanned a geographical area in the current state of Ethiopia.
In 1817, Maria Luisa of Spain, the former Infanta of Spain and Queen of Etruria, assumed the government of Lucca.
The extent of the territories, while subject to future negotiations, have frequently been defined by the Green Line.
Its southernmost point is the village of Louroujina.
It was the legitimate government for Czechoslovakia throughout the Second World War.
In 2011, the country experienced protests inspired by the regional Arab Spring.
It was agreed at meetings in London on 20 April and 2 June 1949 by the United States, United Kingdom, France and the Benelux countries.
Tidore remained an independent kingdom, albeit with frequent Dutch interference, until the late eighteenth century.
During this period, Nepal was formally under the rule of the Shah dynasty, which exercised varying degrees of power during the kingdom's existence.
Sunan Gunungjati also established the Sultanate of Banten.
It is the most studied volcano in the world and Montserrat has been regarded as a "Modern Day Pompeii" in the Caribbean.
Ukraine is a unitary republic under a semi-presidential system with separate powers: legislative, executive and judicial branches.
Its status elevated from County to Principality in 1784.
In 1895 a Mithraeum was discovered at Sarrebourg at the mouth of the pass leading from the Vosges Mountains.
Military administration of the Livonian Brothers of the Sword
Shortly before World War II, Stalin signed the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact agreeing to non-aggression with Nazi Germany, after which the two countries invaded Poland in September 1939.
After the Austrian withdrawal and Treaty of Sistova, the territory was regained by the Ottomans.
The civilization spread across the Mediterranean between 1500 BC and 300 BC.
In the 17th century, after years of struggles with the French, the Spanish lost the western third of the island.
Benito Mussolini declared on 1 November that all other European countries would from then on rotate on the Rome–Berlin axis, thus creating the term "Axis".
It was founded in 1978, and continued until the death of its founder.
It was composed of Bohemia, Moravia, Czech Silesia, Slovakia and Subcarpathian Ruthenia.
There is a high prevalence of HIV/AIDS, which is a drain on the labour force and government expenditures.
The French Army of Africa switched allegiance to Free France, and this caused the Axis to occupy Vichy in reaction.
During its existence as a Soviet Socialist Republic, it was ruled by the Communist Party of the Kazakh SSR.
The capital of Benin is Porto-Novo, but the seat of government is in Cotonou, the country's largest city and economic capital.
The Suren Kingdom, also known as the Indo-Parthians, was a kingdom ruled by the House of Suren from c. 119 BC to 240 AD.
With about 10 million inhabitants, Hungary is a medium-sized member state of the European Union.
A few dozen of these are professed religious.
In the course of the German Mediatisation the monastery was secularised between 1803 and 1835.
The South Moluccan leaders based their decision on the treaty, which stipulated autonomy for each of the states of the federation.
Bahrain's population is 1,234,571, including 666,172 non-nationals.
The Taifa of Orihuela was a medieval taifa kingdom which existed probably from around 1239 to 1249.
Jin wholly mismanaged the province and alienated its Muslim majority.
Ali, although initially reluctant due to his most vigorous support coming from various rebel groups, accepted appointment as the next caliph.
Three of Africa's Great Lakes are partly within Tanzania.
In 1587 Comburg was mediatised by Württemberg, which brought to an end its status as an Imperial abbey.
Since the 16th century the island of Cuba had been under the control of the governor-captain general of Santo Domingo.
The General Captaincy of Chile or Gobernación de Chile, was a territory of the Spanish Empire, subordinate to the Viceroyalty of Peru from 1541 to 1818.
Chao Somphou fled to Hua Phan, King Nanthasen continued north to capture Luang Prabang in 1792.
The Dominion of Newfoundland joined Canada in 1949.
They were led by King Sudas, who fought off Persian invaders at the Battle of the Ten Kings.
It was led by Brazil's Sergio Vieira de Mello and the Philippines's Lieutenant General Jaime de los Santos).
The country contains geographically diverse features within its relatively small area.
This dynasty was succeeded by the Shishunaga dynasty.
The Alawite State and named after the locally-dominant Alawites, was a French mandate territory on the coast of present-day Syria after World War I.
The country includes the islands of Mauritius and Rodrigues [560 kilometres east of Mauritius], and the outer islands.
The Twa are a forest-dwelling pygmy people descended from Rwanda's earliest inhabitants.
The kingdom's name cognate to Singosari district of Malang Regency, located several kilometres north of Malang city.
It was founded by Saint Othmar on the spot where Saint Gall had erected his hermitage.
This climate has helped tourism as visitors to the island can reliably expect warm, sunny weather.
Ethnic minorities are largely concentrated in the southern regions.
Yanaon or Yanam was a French colony between 1731 and 1954.
Founded by an officer in Shi Le's dynasty, it completed the unification of North China in 376.
In 1403 it was raised to the Serbian Despotate, which would exist until 1459.
Around 183 BC, relations between the Nanyue and the Han dynasty soured, and Zhao Tuo began to refer to himself as an emperor, suggesting Nanyue's sovereignty.
Bosniaks are the largest group of the three, with Serbs second and Croats third.
Rottweil is a town in southwest Germany in the state of Baden-Württemberg.
The Nagas could be a group of people who inhabited India during epic periods who worshiped snakes.
At the other end of the scale, three territories have no civilian population; the Antarctic territory, the British Indian Ocean Territory and South Georgia.
Waldburg-Scheer was a County ruled by the House of Waldburg, located in southeastern Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Lorraine and Provence were states of the Holy Roman Empire and not yet a part of France.
Muscat was also among the most important trading ports of the Indian Ocean.
After unification with the neighbouring State of Goshen, it was the United States of Stellaland from 1883 to 1885.
The capital city was Semey, then known as "Alash-qala".
The Duchy of Brunswick was a historical German state.
Czechoslovakia remained occupied until the 1989 Velvet Revolution, when the communist regime collapsed and a democracy and federalization was deepened.
This Hindu Vaishnava dynasty is different from an earlier Buddhist Deva dynasty of Samatata, whose capital was Devaparvata.
The Polish United Workers' Party became the dominant political party, officially making the country a socialist republic.
In 1234 Jin succumbed to Mongol conquest.
Central Burma would not be reunified until the rise of Ava five decades later.
Its principal cities are Arras, Calais, Boulogne-sur-Mer, Saint-Omer, Lens and Béthune.
In recent years, the government has encouraged foreign investment in order to upgrade these sectors.
Its only ruler was Li Maozhen, who later submitted to Later Tang.
The League allied with the Grey League and the League of the Ten Jurisdictions in 1471 to form the Three Leagues.
One of his brothers, Adolf Frederick became King of Sweden.
According to the Puranas, this dynasty was the second ruling dynasty of Magadha, succeeding the legendary dynasty founded by Brihadratha.
The Kingdom of Murcia later would become one of the kingdoms of the Crown of Castile.
Saint-Domingue was a French colony on the Caribbean island of Hispaniola from 1659 to 1804.
Gaelic cultural influence began in the 5th century and the Manx language, a branch of the Gaelic languages, emerged.
As a rival of Antigonid Macedon and an ally of Rome, the league played a major role in the expansion of the Roman Republic into Greece.
It is one of the eleven towns in the district.
After his death in 1265, the family's lands were divided between his three sons.
The administrative change was done simultaneously as the capital of the archipelago was moved from Castro to Ancud in 1768.
Other languages of Orthodox tradition also use names translating to "Holy Mountain".
It was established after the capture of Constantinople in 1204 and lasted until 1261.
New Netherland was a 17th-century colonial province of the Seven United Netherlands that was located on the East Coast of North America.
Portuguese traders first settled in Macau in the 1550s.
The UK remains a great power with considerable economic, cultural, military, scientific and political influence internationally.
Mauryan India also enjoyed an era of social harmony, religious transformation, and expansion of the sciences and of knowledge.
From 1337 onwards, the Přemyslid dukes also ruled the adjacent former Piast Duchy of Racibórz, whereupon Opava became united with the Upper Silesian lands.
Senguttuvan, the most celebrated of the Chera kings, is famous for the legends surrounding Kannagi, the heroine of the epic Silapathikaram.
Pakistan plans to diversify its source of oil and gas supplies towards the Central Asian states including petroleum import contracts with Azerbaijan.
Centered in Purchena, it existed from 1145 to 1150.
South Africa is the 25th-largest country in the world by land area, and with close to 56,000,000 people, is the world's 24th-most populous nation.
Nepal is also a member of the Non Aligned Movement and the Bay of Bengal Initiative.
The area is 3 square miles, making it the third-largest island of the Channel Islands, and the second largest in the Bailiwick.
Ebrahim Yazdi was elected as the Foreign Minister.
The combination of states that formerly made up the Federation of Malaya is currently known as Peninsular Malaysia.
The Republic of Ostrów was a short-lived autonomous republic in the Polish area of Ostrów Wielkopolski.
It existed as a distinct political entity from the early 12th to the 19th centuries.
Giudicato of Arborea at the times of its maximum expansion occupied the whole island's territory, except the cities of Alghero and Cagliari.
From 1381 it belonged to the Walram branch of the Rhenish House of Nassau.
Suriname is the only territory outside Europe where Dutch is spoken by a majority of the population.
They were closely affiliated with the House of Habsburg whose rise to world power they financed.
Cayor was located in northern and central Senegal, southeast of Walo, west of the kingdom of Jolof and north of Baol and the Kingdom of Sine.
The Republic and Canton of Neuchâtel is a canton of French-speaking western Switzerland.
The capital of the kingdom was at Tlemcen, which lay on the main east-west route between Morocco and Ifriqiya.
They supported Brahmanism as well as Buddhism, and patronised Prakrit literature.
In 1893 the Imperial British East Africa Company transferred its administration rights of territory consisting mainly of Buganda Kingdom to the British Government.
The result was an authoritarian government based on a mix of conservative Catholic and Italian Fascist influences.
Its capital was Yingqiu, located within present-day Zibo in Shandong.
After the 10 August 1792 Storming of the Tuileries Palace, the Legislative Assembly on 11 August 1792 suspended this constitutional monarchy.
Commencing from late September 1941, Operation Uzice expelled the Partisans from the occupied territory, and in December, Operation Mihailovic dispersed the Chetniks.
Perumpadappu rulers had family relationships with the Nambudiri rulers of Edappally.
According to the terms of the Philippine Independence Act, the United States formally recognized the independence of the Republic of the Philippines on July 4, 1946.
The Ganzhou Uyghur Kingdom, also referred to as the Hexi Uyghurs, was established in 894 around Gan Prefecture in modern Zhangye.
The kingdom extended over the Mezzogiorno and the island of Sicily.
Aarberg is a historic town and a municipality in the Seeland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
It also formalised the democratic federal structure, replacing the provinces with the ethnically based regions, similar to how India formed its states soon after independence.
The Insular Government was dissolved and the Commonwealth of the Philippines was brought into existence.
With the Polish offensive on 15 September those plans failed and the Halrevkom withdrew from Tarnopol.
Other countries' euro gold and silver collections are discussed in the article Euro gold and silver commemorative coins.
Bolivia, officially known as the Plurinational State of Bolivia, is a landlocked country located in western-central South America.
But unlike the Palas of Bengal, who were Buddhists, the Palas of Kamarupa were Hindus.
Education focused on racial biology, population policy, and fitness for military service.
Kosovo is the subject of a long-running political and territorial dispute between the Serbian government and Kosovo's largely ethnic-Albanian population.
It became a separate entity from the Empire entirely, joining with it in the dual monarchy of Austria-Hungary.
These territories today form modern-day Canada and the Pacific Northwest of the United States.
Further, the 1980–88 Iran–Iraq War, especially the Iraqi Army's Al-Anfal Campaign, devastated the population and environment of Iraqi Kurdistan.
With a population of about 56,480, it is the least densely populated country in the world.
A period of occupation by the Allies followed the surrender, and a new constitution was created with American involvement in 1947, officially dissolving the Empire.
The provinces of the League rebelled and formed sixteen smaller states.
Whether it should be regarded as a constitutional or an absolute monarchy is disputed.
Amanullah Khan was keen on modernizing the country, resulting in conservative forces causing social upheaval on a number of occasions.
It is also the host of the annual street circuit motor race Monaco Grand Prix, one of the original Grands Prix of Formula One.
The last of the Kushan and Kushano-Sasanian kingdoms were eventually overwhelmed by invaders from the north, known as the Kidarites, and then the Hepthalites.
The Caliphate of Córdoba was a state in Islamic Iberia along with a part of North Africa ruled by the Umayyad dynasty.
Traditional Tibetan history described the exploits of a lengthy list of rulers.
Pascweten's brother, Alan, called the Great, was the third and last to be recognized as king of Brittany.
The length of this period later became a metonym of the occupation.
Sayn-Altenkirchen was inherited by Duke Johann William of Saxe-Eisenach — Johanette's son — and secondly by Duke William Henry of Saxe-Eisenach — Johanette's grandson.
Brazil's national development bank plays an important role for the country's economic growth.
Today, it is the north-eastern part of Vsevolozhsky District.
The PRC has been a United Nations member since 1971, when it replaced the ROC as a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council.
In 2015 Panama ranked 60th in the world in terms of the Human Development Index.
In January 2013, the region had a population of around 26 million people.
Albania was declared a constitutional monarchy in 1928.
Instead, they are united by language, history, culture and their shared values of democracy, free speech, human rights, and the rule of law.
The area of the former republic includes the modern Mexican states of Yucatán, Campeche and Quintana Roo.
The House of Grimaldi have ruled Monaco, with brief interruptions, since 1297.
The Duchy of Ferrara was a sovereign state in what is now northern Italy.
The British South Africa Police, responsible for law enforcement in Southern Rhodesia, was established in 1896.
The other states were the State of Damascus, the State of Alawites and the State of Jabal Druze.
According to the Soviet Census of 1989 the republic had a population of 51,706,746 inhabitants, which fell sharply after the breakup of the Soviet Union.
In 1742, Salm-Kyrburg was raised to a principality; it shared its vote in the Reichstag with Salm-Salm.
The Kalabhras were defeated by the joint efforts of the Pallavas, Pandyas and Chalukyas of Badami.
This political administration included all the towns and elizates that existed within its territory.
In practical terms, however, the government was confined to Kars province and existed alongside the British governorship created during the Entente's intervention in Transcaucasia.
The name is also attested in at least one local royal inscription dating to the 8th century BCE.
Finland was one of the first twelve countries in the Eurozone that introduced the euro on 1 January 2002.
Its capital city was Prešov and was headed by Czech journalist Antonín Janoušek.
It was led until its abolition in 1994 by Chief Mangosuthu Buthelezi of the Zulu tribe and head of the Inkatha Freedom Party.
The word "Kugel" means "ball" or "sphere" in German; the word "Mugel" is an Austrian German expression for "bump" or "mogul".
Along with five other Yugoslav republics, it was formed during World War II and became a socialist republic after the war.
The Napoleonic Code was introduced in 1809.
In 1337, Werle-Waren split off from the Werle-Güstrow line.
The official languages of Iraq are Arabic and Kurdish.
Private consumption has been strong, as a result of low inflation, job creation, as well as high level of remittances.
Tensions soon escalated and by mid-1976, the Papua New Guinea riot police squad was sent to southern Bougainville to restore order.
The Neo-Babylonian period ended with the reign of Nabonidus in 539 BC.
The Burgraviate of Nuremberg was a state of the Holy Roman Empire from the early 12th to the late 15th centuries.
The Kingdom of Tavolara is a tiny kingdom claiming independence in the 19th and 20th centuries in Tavolara Island, off the northeast coast of Sardinia.
In 1992, the head of government was established, who is elected every three years.
With Soviet support, Ma Hushan was defeated in 1937.
Singapore is a unitary multiparty parliamentary republic, with a Westminster system of unicameral parliamentary government.
The name Khamsa, which was used by Arabs for the state, refers to the five Armenian Melikdoms who ruled the state.
Under NDdiadian, Jolof made Waalo a vassal.
The country provides free university education, state-funded social security and a universal health care system for all citizens.
Great Britain acquired French Canada by the Treaty of Paris in which France negotiated to keep the small but very rich sugar island of Guadeloupe instead.
Soviet occupation authorities began transferring administrative responsibility to German communist leaders in 1948, and the GDR began to function as a state on 7 October 1949.
He captured the fort and continued making conquests in the surrounding area.
Svalbard Airport, Longyear serves as the main gateway.
The Dian language was likely one of the Tibeto-Burman languages.
It has been divided since into Appenzell Innerrhoden and Appenzell Ausserrhoden since 1597 as a result of the Swiss Reformation.
The latter marks the end of Isabella's monarchy.
While heavily restricted in its powers by the Japanese occupation, the Reorganized government attempted to limit the civilian casualties inflicted by the Japanese Imperial Army.
The Mushika Kingdom was an ancient kingdom of the Tamil Sangam period in present-day Kerala, India, ruled by a royal dynasty of the same name.
The kingdom greatly expanded its capital Xingwang Fu.
His first cousin, Frederick August I became Duke of Oldenburg in 1774.
In two censuses of the 7th and 8th centuries, the Tang records estimated the population by number of registered households at about 50 million people.
The latter united with Romania in April 1918.
Theodoric called himself Gothorum Romanorumque rex, demonstrating his desire to be a leader for both peoples.
Beginning in 1953, state law issues within The Danish Realm has been governed by The Unity of the Realm.
They reigned in part or all of Ancient Egypt from 760–656 BC.
Morocco is a member of the Arab League, the Union for the Mediterranean, and the African Union.
Special provision was also made for the two sons of Madog II.
The Sheikhdom of Kuwait was a Sheikhdom which gained independence from the Emirate of Al Hasa in the year 1752.
With an area of 835,100 km², it was one and a half times the size of the mainland German Empire in Europe at the time.
The seven islands constituting the Republic were:
Waldburg-Waldburg was a County ruled by the House of Waldburg, located in southeastern Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
The Lordship of Anholt was a small state of the Holy Roman Empire.
Bermúdez never landed on the islands, but made two visits to the archipelago, of which he created a recognisable map.
The Commonwealth realm of Sierra Leone, officially known as "Sierra Leone", was a predecessor to the present-day Republic of Sierra Leone.
The metropolitan area of Obernai had 12,369 inhabitants in 2006, from 7,293 in 1968.
Mauritius also claims sovereignty over Tromelin Island from France.
In the 21st century, Germany is a great power and has the world's fourth-largest economy by nominal GDP, as well as the fifth-largest by PPP.
Upper Canada existed from 26 December 1791 to 10 February 1841 and generally comprised present-day Southern Ontario.
The right bank territories of the Electorate were secularized in 1803 during the German mediatization.
Both European nations ruled through the kings and perpetuated a pro-Tutsi policy.
One of his grandsons, Adolf, Duke of Holstein-Gottorp was the first Duke of Holstein-Gottorp.
Singapore ranks 5th on the UN Human Development Index and the 3rd highest GDP per capita.
The city called Suktimati is mentioned as the capital of Chedi.
During its more than a decade of existence, the Commonwealth had a strong executive and a Supreme Court.
The country was divided between the Ottoman and British empires in the early twentieth century.
The empire grew rapidly under his rule and that of his descendants, who sent invasions in every direction.
The United States ranks among the highest in several measures of socioeconomic performance, including average wage, human development, per capita GDP, and productivity per person.
Soonits territory was taken over by another appanage duchy of Polotsk, Duchy of Minsk governed by Gleb Vseslavich.
Following the death of Sundiata Keita in c. 1255, the kings of Mali were referred to by the title mansa.
Nevertheless, it pursues an active foreign policy and is frequently involved in peace-building processes around the world.
The Canh line was the fifteenth dynasty of Hùng kings of the Hồng Bàng period of Văn Lang.
With an area of 146.63 km2, Aalen is ranked 7th in Baden-Württemberg and 2nd within the Government Region of Stuttgart, after Stuttgart.
The actual legislative power belonged to a chamber of 36 deputies, presided over by the Greek Orthodox Metropolitan.
Belarus is a member of the United Nations since its founding, the Commonwealth of Independent States, CSTO, EEU and the Non-Aligned Movement.
In 1839, the Riograndense Republic formed a confederation with the short-lived Juliana Republic which proclaimed its independence in the same year.
During the War of the Fifth Coalition, Austrian troops occupied Regensburg on 20 April 1809; it was shelled and stormed by French troops three days later.
Vanuatu; officially the Republic of Vanuatu, is a Pacific island nation located in the South Pacific Ocean.
John Momis, at the time Chairman of the putative Republic's ruling council denounced this action as an invasion.
They initially ruled as a vassal of the famous Vijayanagar Empire.
Kiribati's easternmost islands, the southern Line Islands, south of Hawaii, have the most advanced time on Earth, UTC+14 hours.
Today, they are most remembered as the builders of the Konark Sun Temple, a UNESCO World Heritage site at Konark, Odisha.
Arrow Cross leader Ferenc Szálasi became Prime Minister and, as "Nation Leader", the head of state.
Andalusian Arabic was the mother tongue of the majority of the population.
The Maurya Empire was one of the largest empires of the world in its time.
The Conference on Interaction and Confidence-Building Measures in Asia is an inter-governmental forum for enhancing cooperation towards promoting peace, security and stability in Asia.
This history is still apparent in the surnames of many of the islanders.
The unsuccessful war it waged against the Qing is known as the Taiping Rebellion.
The First Republic lasted until the declaration of the First Empire in 1804 under Napoleon, although the form of the government changed several times.
The territory of the Slavonian Kingdom was recovered from the Ottoman Empire, and was subsequently part of the Habsburg Military Frontier for a period.
1856 - 1863 : Liberal Union Government
The Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia was a protectorate of Nazi Germany established following the German occupation of Czechoslovakia.
The remaining territories of the kingdom were assimilated into the colony of Angola.
The Tang dynasty was an imperial dynasty of China preceded by the Sui dynasty and followed by the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period.
It was bordered by the County of Limburg to the south and west, and Weilburg to the northeast.
Moab is the historical name for a mountainous tract of land in Jordan.
From 1630 onward, the Dutch Republic conquered almost half of Brazil's settled European area at the time, with their capital in Recife.
The Kingdom of Tambapanni, also referred to as Kingdom of Thambapanni, was the first kingdom in ancient Sri Lanka and the Kingdom of Rajarata.
In total there are around 78 languages spoken in Ivory Coast.
The Triple Alliance was formed from the victorious faction in a civil war fought between the city of Azcapotzalco and its former tributary provinces.
Ollier's views have been widely accepted by scholars.
It came under the suzerainty of the Nizam of Hyderabad in 1723 shortly after its foundation.
The government-in-exile was based in France during 1939 and 1940, first in Paris and then in Angers.
Led by the Walashma dynasty, it was centered in ancient city of Zeila and Shewa.
Their name survived in the Russian word for China as well as the archaic English Portuguese and the Spanish appellations of the name.
It is located south of Turkey, west of Syria and Lebanon, northwest of Israel, north of Egypt, and southeast of Greece.
In addition, the second book of Pausanias' Description of Greece is devoted to Corinth.
Brunei gained its independence from the United Kingdom on 1 January 1984.
Chao Somphou died as a prisoner in Vientiane around 1803.
Rechberg and Rothenlöwen was a renaming of Osterberg, and it inherited Osterberg in 1767.
Singapore's territory consists of one main island along with 62 other islets.
The Dutch Empire initially entered into agreement with the Kingdom of Kandy.
For the current entity named United Mexican States, see Mexico.
From approximately 743 to 1050, it existed as the Kimak Kaganate, and as the Kimak Khanate until the Mongol conquest in the early 13th century.
In 2011, Sark was designated as a Dark Sky Community and the first Dark Sky Island in the world.
The polity's realm stretched from the Atlas Mountains to the southern plains of Algiers.
Through their long tenure in Armenia, they often intermarried with the Bagratuni royal family of Armenia.
Under the guise of protecting the Tai peoples in Muang Phuan, a Siamese garrison of 1,000 invaded and killed the Vietnamese officials.
Malaya was restructured as the Federation of Malaya in 1948, and achieved independence on 31 August 1957.
Although it was under the suzerainty of the Crown of Saint Stephen, the Kingdom of Croatia and Slavonia kept a significant level of self-rule.
The two main sources for the history of Wessex are the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle and the West Saxon Genealogical Regnal List, which sometimes conflict.
It has been created on two occasions.
Elchingen Abbey was a Benedictine monastery in Oberelchingen in Bavaria, Germany, in the diocese of Augsburg.
Yuan Shanjian was a puppet ruler as the real power lay in the hands of Gao Huan.
The Republic of Siena was a historic state consisting of the city of Siena and its surrounding territory in Tuscany, central Italy.
On 19 March 1548 the line was split between a Harz line and a Rhenish line with the possessions in Rochefort and Königstein im Taunus.
Observer countries are New Zealand and Mexico.
Gernrode is a historic town and former municipality in the Harz District, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
Under their rule, Dublin became the biggest slave port in Western Europe.
These proposed borders are those of the 1851 Treaty of Fort Laramie between the United States government and the Lakota.
The Chandelas initially ruled as feudatories of the Gurjara-Pratiharas of Kanyakubja.
From 1946 to 1976 it was known as the People's Republic of Albania, and from 1944 to 1946 as the Democratic Government of Albania.
The Danava dynasty, established by Mahiranga Danava, begins the political account of Assam in Northeast India.
Thereafter, Vietnam was divided politically into two rival states, North Vietnam, and South Vietnam.
Two major rivers, the Tigris and Euphrates, run south through Iraq and into the Shatt al-Arab near the Persian Gulf.
At its greatest extent, the state expanded into territories that today comprise most of Iran, Iraq, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Turkmenistan, Turkey, western Afghanistan, and southwestern Pakistan.
In 1934, by Lluís Companys as the "Catalan State within the Spanish Federal Republic".
In May, the autonomy was confirmed by the Great Powers with the Protocol of Corfu.
The Song dynasty is divided into two distinct periods, Northern and Southern.
Unlike the surrounding Kordofan, the uplands of the hills were quite moist and suitable to agriculture and a dense population.
It is located right next to the shore of the High Rhine; it is one of four Swiss towns – besides Neuhausen a.
The area of the country is 2,040 km2.
A few archaeological sites and textual sources provide a brief documentation of the history and culture of the Median state.
After two decades of sporadic warfare, Kublai Khan's armies conquered the Song dynasty in 1279.
Serbia numbers around 7 million residents; its capital, Belgrade, ranks among the oldest and largest cities in Southeast Europe.
The region was home to many principalities that made use of their inland naval prowess.
She was married to a member of the Bohemian nobility, the count of Sternberg.
As stated in the mandate/manifesto of the Royal Bahamas Defence Force, the Bahamas territory encompasses 470,000 km2 of ocean space.
Religious groups include Sunnis, Christians, Alawites, Druze, Mandeans, Shiites, Salafis, Yazidis, and Jews.
The Tlemcen kingdom was established after the demise of the Almohad Caliphate in 1236, and later fell under Ottoman rule in 1554.
The attempt to lease land was rejected, and a riot ensued in response to the attempt, in which it is purported that one person died.
The Nguyễn dynasty was the last ruling family of Vietnam.
The president is Paul Kagame of the Rwandan Patriotic Front, who took office in 2000.
Arbitrary and onerous demands, as well as a reputation for offending Pohnpeian deities, sowed resentment among Pohnpeians.
It was a protectorate from 1884 until 1914 when it fell to Australian forces following the outbreak of the First World War.
It is considered a middle power in the region and around the world.
The earliest Egyptian hieroglyphs appear just before this period, though little is known of the spoken language they represent.
The Bolognese Republic was proclaimed in 1796 in the Central Italian city of Bologna.
It is situated 14 km east of Reutlingen, at the foot of the Swabian Alb, and is known for its spa and therapeutic bath.
Barbados is a island country in the Lesser Antilles, in the Caribbean region of North America.
He was the youngest son of Huan Wen.
In 1706, Stolberg-Stolberg divided again, with Stolberg-Rossla being created.
Medieval bardic literature includes them among the Agnivashi Rajput dynasties.
The Dutch ruled for almost 183 years with intermittent British occupation during the Napoleonic Wars.
The alliance was formalised by the Declaration by United Nations, from 1 January 1942.
These events formed the background for the annexation of Crimea by Russia in March 2014, and the War in Donbass in April 2014.
The population of Israel, as defined by the Israel Central Bureau of Statistics, was estimated in 2017 to be 8,722,340 people.
The country of the Pandyas, Pandi Mandala, was described as Pandyan Mediterranea in the Periplus and Modura Regia Pandyan by Ptolemy.
It expanded to include at various times Courland, Gotland, Livonia, Neumark, Pomerelia and Samogitia.
The rebellion succeeded in restoring the fallen Mon-speaking Kingdom of Hanthawaddy, which ruled Lower Burma from 1287 to 1539.
Italy however rejected the offer as it did not believe that it could handle the unstable situation in the Balkans alone.
Its territory was subsequently conquered by Nazi Germany in June–July 1941, before being retaken by the Soviets in 1944–1945.
To the north west and beyond Logudoro was located Gallura, with which Arborea had far less interaction.
A Prince-bishopric from 1151, Havelberg as a result of the Protestant Reformation was secularised and finally annexed by the margraves of Brandenburg in 1598.
The Kadambas were contemporaries of the Western Ganga Dynasty and together they formed the earliest native kingdoms to rule the land with absolute autonomy.
Six are occupied year-round, while the remainder are seasonal summer stations.
Yemen joined as a member on 5 May 1945.
Despite the colony's relatively short existence, Plymouth holds a special role in American history.
The Mlechchha dynasty in Kamarupa was followed by the Pala kings.
Albania spans 28,748 square kilometres and had a total population of almost 3 million people as of 2016.
Wettenhausen Abbey was an Imperial Abbey of Augustinian Canons until its secularization in 1802-1803.
The dynasty's founder was Hemanta Sena, who was part of the Pala Empire until it began to weaken.
The empire was considerably weakened by the 11th century, with many areas engulfed in rebellion.
Its realm was conquered by the Almohad Caliphate.
This enhanced their sense of autonomy and power at a time when Spanish troops were unable to help.
Karkota Empire was a major power from the Indian subcontinent; which originated in the region of Kashmir.
Since Guignes' time, considerable scholarly effort has been devoted to investigating such a connection.
Its seat was the city of Edessa.
Malawi, officially the Republic of Malawi, is a landlocked country in southeast Africa that was formerly known as Nyasaland.
After the Portuguese, the Dutch East India Company followed by the English East India Company, protected the Cochin state.
The Kingdom of Hungary under Horthy was an Axis Power during most of World War II.
The name of the city and the khanate may also be spelled as Khoqand in modern scholarly literature.
In 1903, it officially changed its name to the Grand Duchy of Saxony, but this name was rarely used.
The duchy was named for its inhabitants, the Normans.
The title to the supposed kingdom is still contested to this day in a half-serious fashion.
It is mentioned in the Urartian inscriptions.
He died on 4 February 1946 after jumping or falling out of the window of a Belgrade hospital under circumstances which remain unclear.
The sultanate's ruling caste was composed of Mamluks, soldiers of predominantly Cuman-Kipchaks, Circassian, Abkhazian, Oghuz Turks and Georgian slave origin.
Sonnenberg was a partition of Waldburg and was annexed by the Archduchy of Austria in 1511.
Today, the term Principat is used primarily by Catalan nationalists to refer to the Autonomous Community of Catalonia, as distinct from the other Catalan Countries.
The Northern Zhou military included Han Chinese.
It is also a member of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation and the Organisation Internationale de la Francophonie.
The kingdom was supported by the fascist regime in Italy, and the two countries maintained close relations until Italy's sudden invasion of the country in 1939.
The area of the former protectorate is now part of the Republic of Yemen.
In 453 BC, Jin was split into three successor states: Han, Zhao and Wei.
The island was administered as an extension of Virginia by the Company until 1614.
The German Confederation as the Free City of Frankfurt
During this time, Rabaul, on the island of New Britain, became a major Japanese base.
However, the Palaiologan period witnessed a renewed flourishing in art and the letters, in what has been called the "Palaiologian Renaissance".
Spartan women enjoyed considerably more rights and equality to men than elsewhere in the classical world.
In prehistoric times, Negritos were some of the archipelago's earliest inhabitants.
The Transpadane Republic was a revolutionary, provisional and internationally unrecognized government established in Milan by General Napoleon Bonaparte.
Canton 10 is one of the 10 cantons of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The location is in the northeast corner of the Czech Republic, 230 miles from Prague.
His fleet all but controlled two important seas, the North and the Baltic.
In early 2011, a civil war broke out in the context of the wider "Arab Spring".
Its rule was marked with torture, cruelty and rebellions, resulting in the rapid disintegration of the dynasty's territorial reach after 1335 AD.
However, its leaders made little headway in persuading the Egyptian population to adopt its religious beliefs.
Belarmino Tomás was the Sovereign Council's first and only President.
The Barotse speak a complex language, Silozi, derived from several languages but primarily Sesotho.
Mongolia  is a landlocked unitary sovereign state in East Asia.
Thus, the two kingdoms' resources were directed at creating Copenhagen.
They occupied one of the most fertile lands of the country, the basins of the river Onon, Kherlen and Tuul Rivers in the Khentii Mountains.
In return for this protectorate status, the Litunga gave the BSAC mineral exploration rights in Barotseland.
As a result of these processes, by the end of the 15th century Georgia turned into an isolated, fractured Christian enclave, surrounded by hostile Turco-Iranic neighbors.
Singapore was renamed Syonan-to, meaning "Light of the South".
Its capital Damascus and largest city Aleppo are among the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world.
The lordship was formed in 1528 when Charles V of Habsburg conquered the Oversticht, during the Guelders Wars.
He instituted elections for parliament, gave women the right to vote, and released all political prisoners.
The Polish conquest of the kingdom in 1349 ended its vassalage to the Golden Horde.
It is a unitary parliamentary republic, has 10.5 million inhabitants and the capital and largest city is Prague, with over 1.2 million residents.
The Kingdom of Valencia, located in the eastern shore of the Iberian Peninsula, was one of the component realms of the Crown of Aragon.
It represented the Hungarian interests against Habsburg encroachments in Habsburg ruled Kingdom of Hungary.
The Czech Republic covers an area of 78,866 square kilometres with a mostly temperate continental climate and oceanic climate.
The name Pennsylvania, which translates roughly as "Penn's Woods", was created by combining the Penn surname with the Latin word sylvania, meaning "forest land."
Myanmar, officially the Republic of the Union of Myanmar, also known as Burma, is a sovereign state in the region of Southeast Asia.
The Marzpanate period ended with the Arab conquest of Armenia in the 7th century, when the Principality of Armenia was established.
Nearly two thirds of the authority's funds are spent on employment programs.
The site has been occupied since the 5th millennium BC.
In turn, Italy would assist Germany if attacked by France.
It also covers rare cases of collectors coins minted using other precious metals.
He is credited for having built the famous Jagannath Temple of Puri in Odisha.
Mthwakazi is widely used to refer to inhabitants of Matebeleland and Midlands provinces in Zimbabwe.
Some of the dynasties within the over-kingdom claimed descent from the Ulaid, whilst others are cited as being of Cruithin descent.
It has a population of 280,121 people, predominantly of African descent.
It occupied the land between the Amu Darya and Syr Darya rivers, known formerly as Transoxiana.
The population of 127 million is the world's eleventh largest.
In 1931, by Francesc Macià as the "Catalan Republic within the Iberian Federation".
The country is often referred to as "Africa in miniature" for its geological and cultural diversity.
Its founder and only ruler was a British monkey trainer, uranium prospector, and postmaster named Alex Brackstone.
The Toungoo Dynasty was the ruling dynasty of Burma from the mid-16th century to 1752.
The only exception was Soviet Union who nullified its recognition after Slovakia joined the invasion of the USSR in 1941.
Its core territory now forms the Indonesian province of Banten.
The Normans under Strongbow invaded Ireland beginning in 1169, and most of Osraige collapsed under pressure from Norman leader William Marshal.
Together with Peter Losha, he led raids into Epirus, Acarnania and Aetolia in 1358.
Its capital was Guancheng in the present-day Guancheng Hui District of Zhengzhou and its power was limited to the immediate surrounding area.
By the 1950s the Congo had a wage labour force twice as large as that in any other African colony.
The territory of the Electorate of Cologne was smaller than the Archdiocese of Cologne, which included suffragant bishoprics such as Liège and Münster.
During the 15th and 16th century, Portuguese exploration established a vast colonial empire.
Newer remnants of the colonial empire were integrated into France as overseas departments and territories within the French Republic.
The national bird of Grenada is the critically endangered Grenada dove.
The Portuguese Renaissance produced a plethora of poets, historians, critics, theologians, and moralists, for whom the Portuguese Renaissance was their golden age.
It was located on the lands around Ortenburg Castle, about 10 km west of Passau.
These areas were ceded to Brandenburg-Prussia and were integrated into Brandenburgian Pomerania.
In the German Mediatisation of 1803, the bishopric was dissolved when the last bishop was Prince Frederick, Duke of York and Albany.
The Pauravas were situated on or near the Indus river, where their monarchs grew rich and prosperous through trade.
Its capital was the city of Ronda.
During this period, there were two international conflicts: the conclusion of the war between Mexico and the United States and the war with France.
Early organised indigenous resistance came from the South Moluccas with support and aid from the Dutch Government and Military.
Its first Constitution was promulgated on 22 December 1797, establishing a Directorial republic.
Chairman of Alash-Orda: Bokeikhanov, Members: Tynyshpaev, Gabbasov."
Twenty-two years later, in 1815, Basel and Bern divided the territory of the former republic between them.
Georgia covers a territory of 69,700 square kilometres, and its 2016 population is about 3.72 million.
The second empire came to an end after the loss of bitter wars in Vietnam and Algeria, and peaceful decolonization elsewhere after 1960.
Today, the previous small houses of the Swedish villages are being restored bit-by-bit.
The territorial claims of Ngoenyang extended from Chiang Saen in the west through parts of modern Laos north of Luang Prabang to Thaeng.
The coastline stretches for about 2,000 km.
From 1102 it also included Croatia, being in personal union with it, united under the King of Hungary.
After the invasion of Yugoslavia in 1941, Mihailov had moved to Zagreb where he had acted as an advisor to Ante Pavelić.
During the British Mandate period the area experienced the ascent of two major nationalist movements, one among the Jews and the other among the Arabs.
Since declaring independence, the country has experienced more than 20 coups d'état or attempted coups, with various heads of state assassinated.
Aruba has no administrative subdivisions, but, for census purposes, is divided into eight regions.
Lavachakka is hypothesized to have been a tribal chief in the area who gained the support of the Lavo Kingdom.
Taiwan is the 22nd-largest economy in the world, and its high-tech industry plays a key role in the global economy.
Northeim is a town in Lower Saxony, Germany, seat of the district of Northeim, with, in 2011, a population of 29,000.
The Lithuanians resisted this idea and hoped to preserve their independence by creating a separate constitutional monarchy.
The capital, Road Town, is situated on Tortola, the largest island, which is about 20 km long and 5 km wide.
Anhalt-Plötzkau was a principality located in Germany.
As a result of inflation in the early 1990s, the currency underwent redenomination.
From then on and until 1803, Buchau Abbey and the Imperial City of Buchau, both self-governing entities fully independent of each other, were forced to cohabit.
Mexican officials were concerned about a coming war with the United States coupled with the growing influx of Americans into California.
Al-Andalus followed the fate of North Africa and all Islamic Iberia was under Almohad rule by 1172.
The Bangladesh–China–India–Myanmar Forum for Regional Cooperation is a sub-regional organisation of Asian nations aimed at greater integration of trade and investment between the four countries.
In 2008, Niue became the first country in the world where laptops are provided to all school students.
Cilicia was a strong ally of the European Crusaders, and saw itself as a bastion of Christendom in the East.
The Cook Islands' defence and foreign affairs are the responsibility of New Zealand, but they are exercised in consultation with the Cook Islands.
The first two centuries of the empire's existence were a period of unprecedented political stability and prosperity known as the Pax Romana, or "Roman Peace".
The official language of Schaffhausen is German, but the main spoken language is the local variant of the Alemannic Swiss German dialect.
Slovenia has historically been the crossroads of West Slavic, South Slavic, Germanic, Romance, and Hungarian languages and culture.
The greatest surviving ruin of this civilization is the city of Chan Chan located 4 kilometres northwest of the modern Trujillo, Peru.
It was ruled by Chogyals of the Namgyal dynasty.
On 1 January 2016, Ukraine applied the economic part of the Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Area with the European Union.
In the First World War, German plans to capture Paris quickly in autumn 1914 failed, and the war on the Western Front became a stalemate.
The Greek Army reoccupied the area in October 1914 following the outbreak of World War I.
The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe is the world's largest security-oriented intergovernmental organization.
The Popham colony quickly failed due to a famine, disease, and conflict with local Native American tribes in the first two years.
It was founded by Modibo Adama, a commander of Sheikh Usman dan Fodio, the man who began the Fulani jihad in 1809.
Taksin of the Thonburi Kingdom finally conquered Lan Na in 1775 and broke it down into a number of tributary kingdoms.
Presidents are elected by a 66-member unicameral parliament.
The two official languages are Marshallese, which is a member of the Malayo-Polynesian languages, and English.
The word Kshatrapa stands for satrap, itself descended from Old Persian and which means viceroy or governor of a province.
The resulting Arab Federation, formed on 14 February 1958 was short-lived.
After four years, however, South Yemen declared its secession from the north, which resulted in the north occupying south Yemen and the 1994 civil war.
Ji was an ancient state in northern China during the Shang and Western Zhou dynasties from at least the 11th century to the 7th century BC.
Subject to later wars and treaties with the British, the modern state of Burma can trace its current borders to these events.
It ceased to exist on February 27, 1919 when it was merged with the Socialist Soviet Republic of Byelorussia to form the Lithuanian–Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic.
Other nations in the region that had been involved in related diplomacy refused to sign the document, including Italy, Albania, Bulgaria, Hungary, and the Soviet Union.
On 11 December 1958, the French Fifth Republic was established and the French Union became the French Community.
It indicated their aspiration of forming a republican government for California.
It extended from the Humber to the Tees, and from the sea to the western edge of the Vale of York.
They were historically notable from the beginning of the third century BC until the turn of the common era.
This was first the case in 1485, but as the landgrave died without issue, and the landgraviate reverted to the greater Hesse.
After the military coup d'état in the same year IMRO was banned by the authorities.
In all, Waalo had 52 kings since its founding.
Its mandate includes issues such as arms control, promotion of human rights, freedom of the press, and fair elections.
721 years of Roman-Persian Wars started in 92 BC with their first war against Parthia.
It was an attempt to revive the failed Federal Republic of Central America from earlier in the century.
Somalia, officially the Federal Republic of Somalia, is a country located in the Horn of Africa.
It has an area of 6.7 km2 and shares its northern border with Spain.
It is situated 29 km northwest of Donauwörth, and 14 km northeast of Nördlingen.
Latvia has 1,957,200 inhabitants and a territory of 64,589 km2.
The name of the state survives in both the city of Tengzhou and the Chinese clan name of Teng.
The territory is now administered as Zakarpattia Oblast in Ukraine.
Its ruling family, the House of Oldenburg, also came to rule in Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Greece and Russia.
One of his brothers, Adolf Frederick ,became King of Sweden.
It is not clear if any other king from Vidarbha participated in the war.
The government was overthrown on 6 August 2008, in a military coup d'état led by General Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz.
A long legacy of openness and focus on innovation made it successful.
The Union des Populations du Cameroun political party advocated independence, but was outlawed by France in the 1950s, leading to the Cameroonian Independence War.
North Borneo produced timber for export; along with agriculture this industry remained the main economic resource for the British in Borneo.
Its territory included the geographical region of Baranya and the northern part of Bačka region.
Along with the other Mascarene Islands, Mauritius is known for its varied flora and fauna, with many species endemic to the island.
It is located in the Balkans and has a rivalry with the fictional neighbouring country of Syldavia.
The state was transformed de jure into the Hatay Province of Turkey on July 7, 1939, de facto joining the country on July 23, 1939.
The succession was never clear, leading to the annexation of the County by the Archbishop of Cologne.
The South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation is the regional intergovernmental organization and geopolitical union of nations in South Asia.
The conflict left the country's economic and military infrastructure severely damaged.
In the 4th century, the Guptas, an Indian dynasty also pressed from the east.
The Khanate paid tribute to the Ming.
The Artuqid rulers viewed the state as the common property of the dynasty members.
Nicholas retained Opava after the last Přemyslid ruler of Bohemia, King Wenceslaus III was killed in 1306.
The forum addresses the negative effects of global warming as a result of heightened socioeconomic and environmental vulnerabilities.
During the Thirty Years' War the nuns fled approaching Swedish troops to Styria in 1632.
The 1990s saw the beginning of the Nepalese Civil War, a conflict between government forces and the insurgent forces of the Communist Party of Nepal.
It was taken from the Kingdom of Granada in 1295.
It had a population of about 30,000 people, out of whom 5,000 lived within the city walls.
The Karabakh Khanate was a semi-independent Turkic khanate on the territories of modern Azerbaijan established in about 1750 under Iranian suzerainty in Karabakh and adjacent areas.
On 8 December 1859, Parma, Modena and the Papal Legations were incorporated into the Royal Provinces of Emilia.
Orange-Nassau was a principality which was part of the Lower Rhenish-Westphalian Circle within the Holy Roman Empire.
Earlier in 1938, with the Munich Agreement, Sudetenland territory of Czech Lands was incorporated into Nazi Germany as a Reichsgau.
The official date of state adoption of Christianity is 301 AD.
Saudi Arabia has since become the world's largest oil producer and exporter, controlling the world's second largest oil reserves and the sixth largest gas reserves.
This shift from India to Brazil was a natural consequence of the rise of the Dutch as well as the British Empire.
The office of Holy Roman Emperor was traditionally elective, although frequently controlled by dynasties.
Engelberg Abbey is a Benedictine monastery in Engelberg, Canton of Obwalden, Switzerland.
The Kingdom of Pagan was the first kingdom to unify the regions that would later constitute modern-day Burma.
The country is also known for its rich and distinct culture, which is characterized by a fusion of Spanish and Indigenous influences.
The Axumites erected a number of large stelae, which served a religious purpose in pre-Christian times.
The first Constitution was adopted in 1918.
The capital of the short-lived state was Gijón.
The boom and bust economic cycles were linked to export products.
The Partition of British India, which divided Bengal along religious lines, established the borders of Muslim majority East Bengal.
The country is a major tourist destination, and also attracts medical tourism due to its well developed health sector.
After the Erdut Agreement, the territory was reintegrated into Croatia within UN peacekeeping mission UNTAES.
The dynasty had survived for 103 years before yielding to the Herodian dynasty in 37 BCE.
The kingdom developed during the post-Roman period.
Kiev remained the capital for the rest of the Ukrainian SSR's existence, and remained the capital of independent Ukraine after the breakup of the Soviet Union.
The exiled Nationalist government in Chongqing continued to be recognized as the legitimate government of China.
Following Lenin's death in 1924 and a brief power struggle, Joseph Stalin came to power in the mid-1920s.
Muawiya's wife Maysum was also a Christian.
On 25 June 1991, Croatia declared independence, which came wholly into effect on 8 October of the same year.
Present-day Mali was once part of three West African empires that controlled trans-Saharan trade: the Ghana Empire, the Mali Empire, and the Songhai Empire.
Following Ottoman rule, Qatar became a British protectorate in the early 20th century until gaining independence in 1971.
British Cameroons was a British Mandate territory in British West Africa.
Counts of Wartenberg were a German comital family which held large territories in Rhenish Hesse, Electoral Palatinate and Upper Swabia.
The islands are off-limits to casual tourists, the media, and their former inhabitants.
Its area corresponded roughly to that of the modern county of Ceredigion.
The Austrian Littoral was established as a crown land of the Austrian Empire in 1849.
New Haven's political system was confined to church members only, and the refusal to widen it alienated many people.
The crown completely replaced the hereditary chieftainships with appointed governorships in the entire Irrawaddy valley, and greatly reduced the hereditary rights of Shan chiefs.
The Palmyra Atoll is the only territory currently incorporated.
It had limited and only civil authority in the northern zones under military occupation.
Libya has been inhabited by Berbers since the late Bronze Age.
St. Maximin's Abbey was a Benedictine monastery in Trier in the Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
In the later Middle Ages it was bordered by the Grand Duchy of Lithuania to its west and by Muscovy to its east.
The Kingdom of Judah was an Iron Age kingdom of the Southern Levant.
In 1277 it was divided among the sons of the first lord, or Herr in German, into Werle-Güstrow and Werle-Parchim.
Based at the city of Thinis, the Thinite Confederacy would later be incorporated into the combined Kingdoms of Upper and Lower Egypt.
The arrival of Ferdinand Magellan in Homonhon, Eastern Samar in 1521 marked the beginning of Hispanic colonization.
Hindenburg died on 2 August 1934, and Hitler became dictator of Germany by merging the powers and offices of the Chancellery and Presidency.
Guan was an ancient Chinese city-state in present-day Henan.
It began in the 9th century as the County of Castile, an eastern frontier lordship of the Kingdom of León.
The principal leaders of the state were Pál Prónay, Count Gyula Ostenburg-Moravek and former Hungarian prime minister István Friedrich.
The kingdom is a constitutional monarchy with Norodom Sihamoni, a monarch chosen by the Royal Throne Council, as head of state.
Wurmbrand-Stuppach is an old noble family of Austria.
The Spanish Crown wanted to protect its territory against Great Britain and the Kingdom of Portugal.
In 1612 Deli was militarily defeated and annexed.
Geographically Scotland is divided between the Highlands and Islands and the Lowlands.
Independence was granted on 7 February 1974, under the leadership of Eric Gairy, who became the first Prime Minister of Grenada.
The title "Jasak Darhan" was granted to Abdullah Beg, ruler of Hami in 1696 after submitting to the Qing as a vassal during the Dzungar–Qing War.
After Egyptian independence in 1922, Britain gradually assumed more control of the condominium, edging out Egypt almost completely by 1924.
Greece consists of nine geographic regions: Macedonia, Central Greece, the Peloponnese, Thessaly, Epirus, the Aegean Islands, Thrace, Crete, and the Ionian Islands.
Armenia became the first state in the world to adopt Christianity as its official religion.
For euro gold and silver commemorative coins of other countries see Euro gold and silver commemorative coins.
This state should not be confused with the Komancza Republic of eastern Lemkivshchyna, another short-lived republic.
It gained the support of Great Britain during the First World War, and flourished until the death of Sayyid Muhammad in 1920.
King Mindaugas was the first and only crowned king of Lithuania.
A wholly landlocked area, Rhodesia was bordered by South Africa to the south, Bechuanaland to the southwest, Zambia to the northwest, and Mozambique to the east.
After the treaty of Gulistan it remained in the Persian sphere of influence, and was abolished by the Qajar dynasty in 1828.
From 1946 to 1982, the country underwent large-scale modernization.
The Safavid dynasty was one of the most significant ruling dynasties of Iran, often considered the beginning of modern Iranian history.
Waves of refugees from North Korea[3] and returnees from abroad also helped to keep the country in turmoil.
But Hussein Shah could not rule the kingdom— Bhuyan chiefs of the region, with the help of the Ahom king, Suhungmung, defeated the invaders in 1505.
The Chaulukyas are also referred to as the Chalukyas of Gujarat.
According to the World Bank, the country has the fourth highest per capita income in the world.
A Mahājanapada is one of the sixteen kingdoms or oligarchic republics that existed in ancient India from the sixth centuries BCE to fourth centuries BCE.
The Republic of Mainz was the first democratic state on the current German territory and was centered in Mainz.
According to Agoston and Masters Germiyanoğulları were Turkmens who had immigrated to the west because of Mongol pressure in the second half of the 13th century.
In 1912, the Subanen were officially estimated to number 47,164.
The former Bahmani provincial capital of Bijapur remained the capital of the Sultanate throughout its existence.
The Piedmontese Republic was declared on 10 September 1798 and it existed until 20 June 1799, when it was conquered by Austro-Russian troops.
Various media outlets have called it Stalinist, particularly noting the elaborate cult of personality around Kim Il-sung and his family.
King Marko ruled from Prilep until his death in the Battle of Rovine in 1395.
This led to the creation of the North German Confederation under Prussian leadership in 1867.
Its ancient history saw the presence of the Thracians, Greeks, Persians, Celts, Romans, Goths, Alans and Huns.
Prussia entered the ranks of the great powers shortly after becoming a kingdom, and exercised most influence in the 18th and 19th centuries.
Ethiopia is one of the founding members of the UN, the Group of 24, the Non-Aligned Movement, G-77 and the Organisation of African Unity.
In 1803, the Kingdom was converted to a Zamindari by the British.
It was unilaterally declared in July 1971.
The Federal Republic and the GDR agreed that neither of them could speak in the name of the other.
Its capital was at Sangju, in present-day North Gyeongsang province.
They emerged as an independent power after the demise of the Western Turkic Kaganate and established a khaganate in 699.
All areas of Hesse-Marburg are today located within the German state of Hesse.
The two most famous cave sites are Tiantishan, which was south of the Northern Liang capital at Yongcheng, and Wenshushan, halfway between Yongcheng and Dunhuang.
With the Peace Treaty of Tartu it was re-integrated into Russia.
In this short reign of 43 years, the Sultanate had 8 different rulers.
It then became a Siamese vassal until 1828 when it was annexed by Siam.
Mauritius, the Comoros, and Madagascar dispute France's sovereignty over the islands.
Under Uthman, the empire's conquest of Armenia began by the 640s, and the empire expanded into Fars in 650 and some areas of Khorasan in 651.
It includes 16 constituent states, covers an area of 357,021 square kilometres, and has a largely temperate seasonal climate.
Many had officially recognized cults large enough so that the deity was represented in the central temple precinct of the capital Tenochtitlan.
A small and highly democratic nation, Niueans enjoy high freedom, and elections are held every 3 years.
Venda was founded as a homeland by the South African government for the Venda people, speakers of the Venda language.
About three-quarters of Fijians live on Viti Levu's coasts, either in Suva or in smaller urban centres like Nadi or Lautoka.
It was founded on 3 October 2009 in Nakhchivan.
The Prince-Bishopric belonged from 1500 on to the Lower Rhenish–Westphalian Circle.
The last three have devolved administrations, each with varying powers, based in their capitals, Edinburgh, Cardiff and Belfast, respectively.
The Yarkent Khanate was a state ruled by the Genghisid Chagatais, the majority of whose subject population was Turkic in Central Asia.
Malawi has a low life expectancy and high infant mortality.
– that is located on the northern side of the Rhine.
Elizabeth II did not reside in or visit Ghana between 1957 and 1960, but she did visit:
The colony came to an end in 1963 when a black majority government was elected for the first time and eventually declared independence as Kenya.
On May 15, the Extraordinary Congress of the "Councils of Workers' and Peasants' Deputies" of Lankaran district proclaimed the Mughan Soviet Republic.
With the First Dynasty, the capital moved from Thinis to Memphis with a unified Egypt ruled by an Egyptian god-king.
Buddhism played a strong role in the Anuradhapura period, influencing its culture, laws, and methods of governance.
Greenland contains the world's largest and most northernly national park, Northeast Greenland National Park.
It came to an end on 10 July 1940.
Since then, Monaco's mild climate, scenery, and gambling facilities have contributed to the principality's status as a tourist destination and recreation center for the rich.
Between 1528 and 1584, the Stadtholder of Overijssel was the same as the Stadtholder of the Lordship of Frisia.
At the union of the Crowns in 1603 the Scottish pound was fixed at only one-twelfth the value of the English pound.
Tlaxcala was a pre-Columbian city and state in central Mexico.
The Duchy of Münsterberg or Duchy of Ziębice was one of the Duchies of Silesia, with a capital in Münsterberg.
Qatar is classified by the UN as a country of very high human development and is the most advanced Arab state for human development.
A customs union was set up as well as sinking fund.
Djibouti, officially the Republic of Djibouti, is a country located in the Horn of Africa.
Khabul Khan was succeeded by Ambaghai Khagann of the Taichiud.
He was succeeded by his son, Mohammed Zahir Shah, whose rule started in 1933 and lasted for 39 years.
The kings of the three dynasties were referred to as the Three Crowned Kings of Tamilakam.
The area south of the Krishna River fell to the Pallavas.
The Duchy of Bouillon was a duchy comprising Bouillon in present-day Belgium that existed from the 10th century until 1795, when it was annexed by France.
The resulting international response led to the Persian Gulf War, which Iraq lost.
The city-states were founded as part of the southward migration by the Tibeto-Burman-speaking Pyu people, the earliest inhabitants of Burma of whom records are extant.
Some cotton was sold in Mexico, but most of the crop became useless because of the Union naval blockade of Galveston, Houston, and other ports.
Nassy received permission to found a colony in January 1658, to be located at some distance from the older colony of Langendyck.
Gaddafi's government was either known to be or suspected of participating in or aiding terrorist acts by these and other proxy forces.
In 1987 Goa was granted statehood, and Daman and Diu was made a separate union territory.
Beyond its northern border lay tribes of the Macha Oromo.
In the mid-7th century, Great Bulgaria expanded west to include Avar territory and was centered in Poltava.
West Pakistan emerged as one of South Asia's largest economies and military powers, by mostly exploiting the then East Pakistan.
Indeed, the Old Kingdom is perhaps best known for the large number of pyramids constructed at this time as burial places for Egypt's kings.
As the empire declined it was finally made a vassal to the rising Mali Empire at some point in the 13th century.
In December of that year, Geffrard defeated the Imperial Army and seized control of most of the country.
Its inhabitants were known as the Chālcatl [ˈt͡ʃaːɬkat͡ɬ] or Chālcah [ˈt͡ʃaːɬkaʔ].
Eastern Chalukyas, also known as the Chalukyas of Vengi, were a dynasty that ruled parts of South India between the 7th and 12th centuries.
In 1624, the Virginia Company's charter was revoked by King James I, and the Virginia colony was transferred to royal authority as a crown colony.
The Emirate of Sicily was an emirate on the island of Sicily which existed from 831 to 1072.
Ecuador is also known for its rich ecology, hosting many endemic plants and animals, such as those of the Galápagos Islands.
Health and Welfare Ministry is the organization which is in charge of Taiwanese food safety, public health, and medical insurance.
The Upper Mustang comprise the northern two-thirds of Mustang District of Dhawalagiri Zone, Nepal.
It first appeared in a Spanish map in 1511.
Ambaghai was succeeded by Hotula Khan, a son of Khabul Khan.
Its courts and bureaus functioned without delays and with such smoothness that it was as if there were no government at all."
Azhari called for the withdrawal of foreign troops and requested the condominium powers to sponsor a plebiscite in advance.
The Monarchy was a composite state composed of territories within and outside the Holy Roman Empire, united only in the person of the monarch.
The country was one of the founding members of the United Nations in 1945.
Theodosius I divided the Empire upon his death between his two sons.
Canada is a developed country and has the fifteenth-highest nominal per capita income globally as well as the tenth-highest ranking in the Human Development Index.
The official website of Liberland states that the nation was created due to the ongoing Croatia–Serbia border dispute.
With a mainland area of 2,780,400 km2, Argentina is the eighth-largest country in the world, the second largest in Latin America, and the largest Spanish-speaking one.
The Realm of Branković was located in the largest part of today's Kosovo.
The most important of them was the Bohemian Court Chancellery which was united with the Austrian Chancellery in 1749.
It was organized on March 3, 1636 as a settlement for a Puritan congregation.
The Arthashastra and the Edicts of Ashoka are the primary sources of written records of Mauryan times.
The first attempt of settlement in the islands began in 1485, when the Portuguese Crown granted to João de Paiva the São Tomé island.
Lithuania is a member of the European Union, the Council of Europe, a full member of the Eurozone, Schengen Agreement and NATO.
Following market-based economic reforms in 1991, India became one of the fastest-growing major economies and is considered a newly industrialised country.
The Assyrian king Shalmaneser III records that he received gifts from their 24 kings in 837 BC and the following year.
The exclave province of Cabinda has borders with the Republic of the Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Dos Pilas is a Pre-Columbian site of the Maya civilization located in what is now the department of Petén, Guatemala.
The Whites declined, and the Reds began to advance on Chita on October 19.
The Duchy of Prussia was elevated to the Kingdom of Prussia in 1701.
Its neighbors include China to the west, Japan to the northeast, and the Philippines to the south.
14 members of the family were buried in the Toggenburg vault in the church of the Rüti Abbey.
It was awarded to the Kingdom of Prussia in the 1815 Congress of Vienna.
In 1715, Mirwais died of a natural cause and his brother Abdul Aziz succeeded the monarchy.
From that time, rule of the county was decided not strictly by inheritance but by factors such as military force, favour and negotiation.
Not all regions and peoples of present-day Indonesia immediately subscribed to the proclaimed Unitary State of the Republic of Indonesia.
In 1490, Ahmadnagar declared independence, followed by Bijapur and Berar in the same year.
When Cao Pi, King of Wei, usurped the throne from Emperor Xian, the Han dynasty ceased to exist.
French Alsace, German Baden and Swabia, German-speaking Switzerland and Austrian Vorarlberg.
As the Bulgarian government was not impeding the withdrawal of German forces from Bulgaria or Romania, the Soviet Union to treated it with suspicion.
Along with Novgorod and Vladimir-Suzdal, it was one of the three most important powers to emerge from the collapse of Kievan Rus'.
It is the smallest canton with an area of only 325 km².
Frustrated, Sheng turned to the Soviet Union in 1934.
Vikings invaded the territory around Dublin in the 9th century, establishing the Norse Kingdom of Dublin, the earliest and longest-lasting Norse kingdom in Ireland.
The Subalpine Republic was a short-lived republic that existed between 1800 and 1802 on the territory of Piedmont during its military rule by Napoleonic France.
The main cities of the Dutch colony of New Holland were the capital Mauritsstad, Frederikstadt, Nieuw Amsterdam, Saint Louis, São Cristóvão, Fortaleza, Sirinhaém and Olinda.
Until the Second World War, the island's population numbered about 450 people of Estonian-Swedish origin.
The exact extent of the Zápolya realm was never settled, because the Habsburgs and the Zápolyas both claimed the whole kingdom.
The kingdom is also a refuge to thousands of Iraqi Christians fleeing the Islamic State.
Israel's occupation of the Palestinian territories is the world's longest military occupation in modern times.
The Dervish state acquired renown in the Islamic and Western worlds due to its resistance against the European empires of Britain and Italy.
The Samanid Empire, also known as the Samanid dynasty, Samanid Emirate, or simply Samanids, was a Sunni Iranian empire, ruling from 819 to 999.
In contrast to most contemporary Tai states, Ngoenyang was mentioned in local chronicles, which provide some information about its history.
Palmares, or Quilombo dos Palmares, was a fugitive community of escaped slaves and others in colonial Brazil that developed from 1605 until its suppression in 1694.
The Provisional Administration of South Ossetia is an administrative body that Georgia regards as the legal government of South Ossetia.
Napoleon required it to supply 63,000 troops to his army.
It was ruled by the Kulubali or Coulibaly dynasty established c. 1640 by Kaladian Coulibaly also known as Fa Sine or Biton-si-u.
The Principality of Polotsk, also known as the Kingdom of Polotsk or the Duchy of Polotsk, was a medieval principality of the Early East Slavs.
Shortly after creation, many efforts were made to convert it from a micronation to a sovereign state.
It was created after the dissolution in 1830 of Gran Colombia.
The climate is Sahelian, but there is a rainy season.
It was set up in 1972 and self-government was granted in 1976.
The minor level Government was run over by the Albanian government, though no real persecution fell on the main leaders.
Salm-Horstmar was a short-lived Napoleonic County in far northern North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, located around Horstmar, to the northeast of Münster.
The Kingdom of Hungary was a monarchy in Central Europe that existed from the Middle Ages into the twentieth century.
Although Han had attempted several self-strengthening reforms, it never overcame Qin and was instead the first of the warring states to be conquered by it.
Its exclusive economic zone, 123,700 km2 in size, is contiguous with that of Europa Island.
A centrally administered local government was created in 1980.
Its capital was the eponymous city of Nakhon Si Thammarat in what is now Southern Thailand.
It existed in a mountainous region of modern-day Fujian province of China and had a history of quasi-independent rule.
A humanitarian crisis emerged from the aftermath of the Armenian Genocide as tens of thousands of Armenian refugees from the Ottoman Empire settled there.
The governor of Buenos Aires Province managed foreign relations during this time.
They were also recorded in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle as being an autonomous grouping as late as the 11th century.
In 1815 the prince became the new King of the Netherlands and Grand Duke of Luxembourg with the name William I of the Netherlands.
In 1867, the empire was reformed into Austria-Hungary.
The country's capital and largest city is Monrovia.
Saxe-Coburg-Eisenach was a duchy within the Holy Roman Empire.
Specifically, UKOTA demonstrates the collective and individual partnerships between the territories and Her Majesty’s Government.
The region witnessed the Bengali Language Movement in 1952 and the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971.
The constitution also banned white people, with the exception of naturalised Germans and Poles, from owning property inside the empire.
The decision was reached while Operation Decisive Storm was intensifying in Yemen.
It considers itself an autonomous state within the larger Federal Republic of Somalia, as defined by the provisional constitution of Somalia.
Many people in Vermont took part in the American Revolution, although the Continental Congress did not recognize the jurisdiction.
The province was governed by a "Superior Political Chief" appointed by the King.
It was created in 1396 when the Principality of Anhalt-Zerbst was partitioned between Anhalt-Dessau and Anhalt-Köthen.
The Moldavian Democratic Republic, also known as the Moldavian Republic, was a state proclaimed on December 15 [O.S.
In 1521 it was recreated by the last Silesian Piast, Duke Jan II the Good.
It is bordered by Kazakhstan to the north, Uzbekistan to the west and southwest, Tajikistan to the southwest and China to the east.
The Kaga ikki controlled Kaga until they were overrun by the forces of Oda Nobunaga in a series of campaigns lasting from 1573 to 1582.
Other countries near the Comoros are Tanzania to the northwest and the Seychelles to the northeast.
Germany was repeatedly forced to send troops to bolster Austria and Turkey on other fronts.
After the restoration of democracy in Spain, the government formally dissolved the following year.
The economy functioned largely without money and without markets.
When James ascended to the throne of England as James II, the colony became a royal colony.
The polity existed from 1012 to 1104, and was centered at the city of Albarracín.
Even more confusingly, parts of the prince-archbishopric belonged in religious respect to the neighbouring diocese of Verden, making up 10% of its diocesan territory.
In doing so, Venezuela is notable for being the first Spanish American colony to declare its independence.
The city of Khoy was inhabited and ruled by the Donboli clan, a Kurdish tribe originally from Anatolia, since the 14th century B.C.
Meles Zenawi was the president and Tamrat Layne the prime minister of the Transitional Government.
Its territory, in addition to the traditional Transylvanian lands, also included eastern regions of Hungary, called Partium.
Samo's Empire is the historiographical name for the Slavic tribal union established by King Samo, which existed between 631 and 658 A.D..
Its assembly was constituted on the same day while its government and senate were established on 4 December 1912.
The territory of the County of Holland corresponds roughly with the current provinces of North and South Holland in the Netherlands.
The Partition of British India made East Bengal a part of the Dominion of Pakistan; and renamed it as East Pakistan.
The Han Zhao armies sacked the Jin dynastic capitals of Luoyang in 311 and Chang'an in 316.
In 1644, peasant rebels led by Li Zicheng conquered the Ming capital, Beijing.
The Japanese colonial empire constituted the overseas colonies established by Imperial Japan in the Western Pacific and East Asia region from 1895.
The territory of the province is disputed between Serbia and the self-proclaimed Republic of Kosovo, who has de facto control.
They distinguish themselves from each other by their roots or point of origin.
It is a leading member state of the European Union and the Eurozone.
E was originally located in the southern part of the modern province of Henan but later moved to Hubei.
The first iudices of Gallura only appear in the historical record late in the eleventh century, though certain rulers of earlier periods are known.
The administration's tasks included the pacification of the region and the exploitation, for German benefit, of its resources and people.
Its aim was to be incorporated into Finland.
The Dutch lost the colony to Britain following the 1795 Battle of Muizenberg, but had it returned following the 1802 Peace of Amiens.
The House of Wisdom in Baghdad absorbed the mathematical and astronomical achievements of Indian civilisation during this period.
Self-government was achieved in 1976; independence was obtained two years later.
– that is located on the northern side of the Rhine.
Formerly the colony of Spanish Guinea, its post-independence name evokes its location near both the Equator and the Gulf of Guinea.
In the midst of the Great Depression, the Nazis restored economic stability and ended mass unemployment using heavy military spending and a mixed economy.
In 1347 the viscount refused to acknowledge the suzerainty of the French king and declared Béarn an independent principality.
They succeeded in capturing Baghdad in 1258, but suffered defeat eight years later.
Glywysing was, from the sub-Roman period to the Early Middle Ages, a petty kingdom in south-east Wales.
They only came to be referred to as dizains as they acceded to the Rhodanic Republic and the Swiss canton, during 1802–1815.
With a population of about 66,000, Aalen is the 15th most-populated settlement in Baden-Württemberg.
The compulsory military service requires lengthy, indefinite conscription periods, which some Eritreans leave the country in order to avoid.
It has also been referred to by historians as the Emirate of Riyadh.
The Kwantung Leased Territory was a territory in the southern part of the Liaodong Peninsula in the Republic of China that existed from 1898 to 1945.
It was founded in 1007, and is now a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Patanjali's Mahābhāṣya was composed in this period.
The coins usually commemorate the anniversaries of historical events or draw attention to current events of special importance.
In terms of aggregate household wealth, it ranks fourth in the world.
The leaders of the Thinite Confederacy were most likely tribal nobles.
The Principality of Hutt River is a micronation in Australia.
However, green would only be added to the Portuguese flag in 1910, 65 years after the end of the Farroupilha Revolution, which discards this latest version.
Muang Phuan appealed to the Dai Viet, and a combined force of 6,000 Phuan and Vietnamese crossed into Xiengkhouang and began to march toward Vientiane.
He was killed in battle while campaigning alongside Llywelyn ap Gruffudd later that same year.
In September 1794, state and federal troops forced Clarke and his followers to surrender and leave the settlements.
Young children increasingly speak Swahili as a first language, mostly in urban areas.
The Kingdom of Hungary, also known as the Regency, existed from 1920 to 1946 as a de factonote 1 country under Regent Miklós Horthy.
The republic was ruled by a council, known as the signoria.
Cakobau control most of the easternparts of the Fijian Islands and declared himself King of Fiji.
The kingdom had its own language, Eblaite and the political organization of Ebla had features different from the Sumerian model.
Ma'bar Sultanate, unofficially known as the Madurai Sultanate, was a short lived independent Muslim kingdom based in the city of Madurai in Tamil Nadu, India.
The Yuebans later intermixing with Turkic peoples, formed the Shatuo of the Western Göktürk Khaganate.
During its brief period of independence, it sought union with the Ukrainian People's Republic until the latter was occupied by Soviet forces.
The first creation lasted until 1562 when it fell to Prince Joachim Ernest of Anhalt-Zerbst, who merged it into the reunited Principality of Anhalt.
Pala control of North India was ultimately ephemeral, as they struggled with the Gurjara-Pratiharas and the Rashtrakutas for the control of Kannauj and were defeated.
On 14 January 1939, the territory was claimed by Norway.
Eastern Guo barely survived into the Spring and Autumn period.
Independent observers have accused the Cuban government of numerous human rights abuses, including arbitrary imprisonment.
It remained the capital of the east until its demise.
Turkey is a democratic, secular, unitary, parliamentary republic with a diverse cultural heritage.
The Malolos Constitution establishing the First Philippine Republic was proclaimed the following month.
The economy of the north, overtaxed to support warlord adventurism, collapsed in 1927–28.
The Kingdom of the Canary Islands was founded in 1404, although it had always recognized another country as their overlord.
The main economic field is services, followed by industry and construction.
The Tajik Republic was created on 5 December 1929 as a national entity for the Tajik people within the Soviet Union.
The Grand Duchy of Tuscany was a central Italian monarchy that existed, with interruptions, from 1569 to 1859, replacing the Duchy of Florence.
The courts of justice and the schools were directed by the Armenian clergy.
Further negotiations were then meant to take place between the two parties regarding its final status.
On April 1, 1999, the territory of Nunavut was created from the eastern portion of the Northwest Territories.
The South Moluccan rebels initially clung on to an early post-colonial treaty prescribing a federal form of statehood.
With an area of 242,500 square kilometres, the United Kingdom is the 78th-largest sovereign state in the world and the 11th-largest in Europe.
Debate has been ongoing about the high death rate in this period.
Its territory has an area of around 4000 km² and a population of about one million.
The longest unbroken sea beach, Cox's Bazar Beach is located here.
The Colony and the Protectorate each came to an end on 12 December 1963.
People's Republic of Benin, the road to development is socialism.
As there are several rivers with this name, and the Schwarzenberg area lies between them, a misunderstanding could be the main reason.
The Kingdom of Artsakh, was a medieval dependent Armenian kingdom on the territory of Syunik, Artsakh, Gardman and Gegharkunik.
In the beginning, the republic's capital was the city of Kharkov, but later with the retreat of the Red Guard it was moved to Luhansk.
This means that the commemorative coins made of gold and silver cannot be used as money in other countries.
The Bishopric of Halberstadt was a Roman Catholic diocese  and a state within the Holy Roman Empire, the Prince-bishopric of Halberstadt.
Scottish toponymy and archaeology points to some later settlement by Vikings or Norse–Gaels, although to a lesser degree than in neighbouring Galloway.
Some modern scholars refer to this period as an independent kingdom of Israel.
It is not clear what flag it was: Restrepo believes that it is the flag with two cornucopias of Great Colombia.
Established in the 15th century, the Oyo Empire grew to become one of the largest West African states.
Baugh has stated the ancient Greek tribe of Molossians is unrelated.
Music and dance are an integral part of Rwandan culture, particularly drums and the highly choreographed intore dance.
Instead, Mohammed Nadir's forces apprehended and subsequently executed Kalakani.
El Salvador's capital and largest city is San Salvador.
Pakistan is a signatory to the Kyoto Protocol, the Paris Agreement, and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
At Rosenberg's suggestion its territory was divided between the Reichskommissariat Ukraine and Reichskommissariat Kaukasus, which was accepted by Adolf Hitler.
The Angevins remained in control until the collapse of their empire in northern France in 1204.
Sir Robert Heath, attorney-general of King Charles I of England, was granted the Cape Fear region of America, incorporated as the Province of Carolina, in 1629.
The collapse of the World War I Central Powers and the withdrawal of the Allies had made the Crimea again fully dependent on Russia.
Their rule consisted of the whole of the modern-day Indian state of Odisha as well as parts of West Bengal, Andhra Pradesh and Chhattisgarh.
Syria is an unitary republic consisting of 14 governorates and is the only country that politically espouses Ba'athism.
In 1744, an impressive country house, later called Bolgatty Palace, was erected on Bolghatty Island for the Dutch Governors.
The focus of the micronation's activities subsequently shifted to unspecified endeavors of a charitable and humanitarian nature.
Petershausen Abbey was a Benedictine imperial abbey at Petershausen, now a district of Konstanz in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Tang soon lost effective control due to rebellion by Goguryeo refugees, and the region became a buffer zone between Tang and the Korean kingdom of Balhae.
The administration was set up by the Georgian government as a transitional measure leading to the settlement of South Ossetia's status.
Four centuries of Spanish colonial government transformed the island's ethnic, cultural and physical landscapes primarily with waves of African slaves, and Canarian, and Andalusian settlers.
The nation comprises 33 atolls and reef islands and one raised coral island, Banaba.
Latvia and Estonia share a long common history.
Its population grew from roughly 51 million in 1950 to more than 63 million in 1990.
The Brazilian Revolution of 1930 marked the end of the Old Republic.
In 1271, Kublai Khan was proclaimed the Emperor of China.
The capital of Muang Phuan was looted and destroyed repeatedly by warring bands of Haw or Ho pirates.
From 1900 to 1970, the Kingdom of Tonga was a Protected State of the United Kingdom.
During the Spanish–American War, the United States captured Guam on June 21, 1898.
The Turkish Army maintains a large force in Northern Cyprus.
It covers 36,125 square kilometres with an estimated population of 1,704,000.
There have been two Counties of Sayn.
The Dutch Virgin Islands is the collective name for the enclaves that the Dutch West India Company had in the Virgin Islands.
Friendship treaties were signed with the Dominion of India in 1950 and the People's Republic of China in 1960.
The Deccan sultanates were five dynasties of various ethnic backgrounds that ruled late medieval kingdoms, namely, Bijapur, Golkonda, Ahmadnagar, Bidar, and Berar in south-western India.
The kingdom's name derived from Old Javanese term hurip with circumfix ka- -an which means "life" or "livelihood".
The capital and largest city is Maputo.
After succession feud, Kalinyamat was declared as a separate polity from Demak.
On 13 March 1992, Tutsi coup leader Pierre Buyoya established a constitution, which provided for a multi-party political process and reflected multi-party competition.
The island has been inhabited since before 6500 BC.
Elizabethtown and Newark in particular had a strong Puritan character.
All other EAEC members have joined the new union.
It was established in 1922, and counted such distinguished figures as Henri Bergson, Albert Einstein, Marie Curie and Robert A. Millikan among its members.
They feature some of the world's most famous paintings and sculptures.
They ruled much of the Bundelkhand region between the 9th and the 13th centuries.
Sultanate of Gowa, was one of the great kingdoms and the most successful kingdom in the South Sulawesi region.
He was captured and later released on terms of vassalage.
The Government of Barotseland is the Kuta, presided over by the Ngambela.
Germany kept two million French soldiers prisoner, carrying out forced labour.
It was established by the Partisan resistance movement following the liberation of Bihać.
Li, however, only went by the title of King, not Emperor.
Efforts to resolve the Israeli–Palestinian conflict have not resulted in peace.
The majority of the country's employment is provided by its agricultural and manufacturing sectors.
It is situated in Buxheim near Memmingen in Bavaria.
After Ava fell to the Confederation armies in 1527, Prome itself became a tributary of the Confederation in 1532.
The Khanate conquered Transoxania in Central Asia and ruled it between 999–1211.
The confederation was founded on 1 February 1982 following an agreement between the two countries signed on 12 December 1981.
Denmark and Norway remained under the same monarch until outside forces dissolved the union in 1814.
US and British forces remained in the country throughout the Cold War.
It covers an area of 111,369 square kilometers and has a population of 4,503,000 people.
This included four kingdoms, six grand duchies, five duchies, seven principalities, three free Hanseatic cities, and one imperial territory.
The dynasty overthrew the Ghaznavid Empire in 1186, when Sultan Mu'izz ad-Din Muhammad of Ghor conquered the last Ghaznavid capital of Lahore.
On 9 July 1800, it adopted a new flag, which consisted of a red-blue-gold triband.
This period can also be subdivided in following periods :
In July 1950, the newly independent republic of India signed a friendship treaty in which both nations agreed to respect the other's sovereignty.
Canada's long and complex relationship with the United States has had a significant impact on its economy and culture.
Ivory Coast became a protectorate of France in 1843–1844 and was later formed into a French colony in 1893 amid the European scramble for Africa.
Mihailov fled to Turkey and then Italy, where most of the Ustaše were also in exile.
It is also mentioned in the January 17, 1231 treaty between the Baldwin von Alna and Curonians.
To the south of the General Government lay an Austro-Hungarian-controlled counterpart called the Military Government of Lublin.
KALIBAPI– Kapisanan sa Paglilingkod sa Bagong Pilipinas was formed by Proclamation No.
In 1185, a large Rus'ian campaign against the Polovtsy ended in defeat for Prince Igor, famously recorded in The Tale of Igor's Campaign.
By August 2011, the government and its AMISOM allies managed to secure control over all of Mogadishu.
Because it switched so often between British and French control, Saint Lucia was also known as the "Helen of the West Indies".
According to the earliest English-language source cited in the Oxford English Dictionary, Tobago bore a name that has become the English word tobacco.
Fezzan joined Tripolitania and Cyrenaica to form the Kingdom of Libya on 24 December 1951.
Augustus eldest son and successor Duke Johann Adolf I sold Burg to Brandenburg in 1687.
Its population in 1933 was 812,000, and its capital was Saarbrücken.
All rulers of Former Qin proclaimed themselves "Emperor", except for Fu Jiān who claimed the title "Heavenly Prince" but was posthumoustly considered an emperor.
San Marino has the smallest population of all the members of the Council of Europe.
During the Second Punic War, Massinissa, king of the Massylii, defeated Syphax of the Masaesyli to unify Numidia into one kingdom.
It has an area of 135 square kilometres.
The Protectorate of South Arabia was a grouping of 4 states located at the southern end of the Arabian Peninsula under treaties of protection with Britain.
The Golconda sultanate was constantly in conflict with the Adil Shahis and Nizam Shahis.
The Principality of Lüneburg was a territorial division of the Duchy of Brunswick-Lüneburg within the Holy Roman Empire, immediately subordinate to the emperor.
Social life during the Song was vibrant.
It was not uncommon to pay tribute to more than one power even concurrently.
The Seventeen Provinces was a term applied to the Imperial states of the Habsburg Netherlands in the 16th century.
For a short time in 1995 it was known as the Republic of Western Bosnia.
The struggle between combined Mongol-Seljuq forces based in Konya and the rebel forces of Germiyan continued until 1290.
It is described in ancient historical chronicles such as the Bamboo Annals, the Classic of History and the Records of the Grand Historian.
Nevis and the neighbouring island of Saint Kitts constitute one country: the Federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis.
Israel still exercises full military control and, civil control over 61% of the West Bank.
It is one of only a handful of countries in Africa with a high Human Development Index.
Pandyan was well known since ancient times, with contacts, even diplomatic, reaching the Roman Empire.
The British suppressed the violence and captured of the city of Kumasi.
In the same year the name was changed to "QwaQwa" to avoid an ethnic identification.
The latest successor of this family is a possible claimant of the vacant Albanian throne.
The Marquisate of Finale was an Italian state in what is now Liguria, part of the former medieval Aleramici March.
Also, directed by Okon and Dabal, the peasants started to organize local administration as well as a peasants' militia.
It also performs well in several national performance metrics, including freedom of the press, economic freedom and civil liberties.
The Argentine Confederation is one of the official names of Argentina according to the Argentine Constitution, Article 35.
This European standard specifies requirements for the design, testing, performance and equipping of road ambulances used for the transport and care of patients.
A Marxist–Leninist state called the People's Republic of Benin existed between 1975 and 1990.
The Ethiopian calendar, which is approximately seven years and three months behind the Gregorian calendar, co-exists alongside the Borana calendar.
The Prince-Bishopric of Freising was an ecclesiastical principality of the Holy Roman Empire from 1294 until its secularisation in the early years of the 19th century.
There were no three-way summit meetings and cooperation and coordination was minimal, with a bit more between Germany and Italy.
It began with a revolt against the Chiang Rai rulingship in the northern Thailand.
A new governor-captain general based in Havana oversaw the administration of the new district.
For the protection of the French and British citizens in New Hebrides, a joint naval commission was established under the Convention of 16 October 1887.
From 1348, Pleskov became again independent from Novgorod and established an aristocratic oligarchy.
After World War II, the Soviet Union demanded war reparations from Finland not only in money but also in material such as ships and machinery.
Santiago was a Spanish colony of the Spanish West Indies and within the Viceroyalty of New Spain, in the Caribbean region.
In antiquity, the territory was part of the Land of Punt and then Sabean and Axumite rule.
They held military and political positions under Yang.
However, they failed to remove Volunteer Army troops from the territory of the emirate and became dependent on Bolshevik aid until its suspension.
Anguilla has become a popular tax haven, having no capital gains, estate, profit or other forms of direct taxation on either individuals or corporations.
The opening of OIC Mission to the EU is seen as a new phase in OIC-EU relations.
The Kingdom of Bumthang was one of several small kingdoms within the territory of modern Bhutan before the first consolidation under Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyal in 1616.
A significant portion of its economy involves tourism and trade of fish, dates, and certain agricultural produce.
Fifteen series of 5000 copies each were eventually produced.
It has an area of 238,397 square kilometres and a temperate-continental climate.
This community became one of the first self-governing nations in recorded history to practice universal suffrage without distinction of sex or race.
The Committee of Members of the Constituent Assembly was a counterrevolutionary government that existed in Samara, Russia, during the Russian Civil War.
Shimla, Kasauli, Kandaghat, Dharampur and Chail also became part of the PEPSU.
In 1680 the remaining islands became a British colony.
Shortly thereafter, the country came under the control of the Soviet Union, which had aided its independence from China.
In 1825, the island was claimed for the British Crown by George Norris, who named it Liverpool Island.
Then, kings from the Capetian House of Anjou, who were also cognatic descendants of the Árpád kings, ruled the kingdoms.
The increasing power of the Protestant House of Hohenzollern in the Silesian crown lands was suspiciously eyed by Ferdinand I of Habsburg, Bohemian king since 1526.
In February 1958, King Hussein of Jordan and `Abd al-Ilāh proposed a union of Hāshimite monarchies to counter the recently formed Egyptian-Syrian union.
Barotziland-North-Western Rhodesia was a British protectorate in south central Africa formed in 1899.
The International Criminal Court issued an arrest warrant against Gaddafi and his entourage on 27 June 2011.
It was occupied by Germany in the Second World War and the scene of Operation Huckaback, but was largely bypassed.
The Kingdom of Corsica was a short-lived kingdom on the island of Corsica.
Its size is 344 square kilometres, and it had an estimated population of 110,000 in 2012.
Commemorative coins in Poland are special coins minted by the Polish Mint and issued by the National Bank of Poland.
In 1654 The Principality of Trubetsk was finally conquered by Aleksey Trubetskoy, Prince of Trubetsk himself, as a result of the Russo-Polish War.
Around 7th century BC, Ji was conquered by the larger State of Yan, which took the City of Ji as its capital.
Cameroon, officially the Republic of Cameroon, is a country in Central Africa.
It is often referred to as Zhai Wei to be distinguished from numerous other states named Wei in history.
Although Riel initially hoped to rally the Countryborn, Cree and European settlers of the Saskatchewan Valley to his banner, this did not occur.
The Kingdom of Asturias transitioned into the Kingdom of León in 924, when Fruela II of Asturias became king with his royal court in León.
Gaza is dependent on Israel for its water, electricity, telecommunications, and other utilities.
The name Overijssel however is of much earlier date; Oversticht was known since 1233 by its Latin name Transysla or Transisalania, literally: Over-IJssel, i.e.
They made their summer capital in Qocho and winter capital in Beshbalik.
With its territory spanning throughout the eastern shores of North Kalimantan and Tawau, Malaysia.
In the Treaty of Ryswick of 1697, Spain formally recognized French control of Tortuga Island and the western third of the island of Hispaniola.
In 1755 Laredo was founded which became the major town and capital of the colony.
The Conference opened on 19 February 1990: Kérékou expressed himself in person on 21 February, publicly recognising the failure of his policy.
Rechberg and Rothenlöwen was a country in the Holy Roman Empire.
It emerged between 1456–80 from a part of the County of Hanau and one half of the Barony of Lichtenberg.
Belgium controlled two colonies during its history: the Belgian Congo from 1885 to 1960 and Ruanda-Urundi from 1916 to 1962.
Twente comprises fourteen municipalities: Almelo, Borne, Dinkelland, Enschede, Haaksbergen, Hellendoorn, Hengelo, Hof van Twente, Losser, Oldenzaal, Rijssen-Holten, Tubbergen, Twenterand and Wierden.
Uzbekistan is a member of the CIS, OSCE, UN, and the SCO.
Chuvash Autonomous Oblast was an autonomous oblast from June 24, 1920 until April 21, 1925 when the oblast become part of the Chuvash Autonomous Republic.
In the 19th century, it was colonized as Portuguese Guinea.
The Rome Statute is a multilateral treaty which serves as the ICC's foundational and governing document.
Until it was secularised in 1802 it was an Imperial Abbey, with sovereignty over the whole town of Helmstedt until the 15th century.
The coinage issued by the central government mint in 119 BC remained the standard coinage of China until the Tang dynasty.
Mauritius is the only country in Africa where Hinduism is the largest religion.
Taking into account reserves and paramilitary personnel, Ukraine maintains the second-largest military in Europe after that of Russia.
The Republic of Canada was a government proclaimed by William Lyon Mackenzie on December 5, 1837.
In 1954, after the French were defeated, the negotiation of the Geneva Accords ended the war between France and the Việt Minh and granted Vietnam independence.
During classical antiquity, the Kushite imperial capital was located at Meroe.
The raids ended with the conquest of the Southern Chen by the Sui.
Tuna products are the main exports, and the main trading partner is the United States.
Widely considered a sovereign subject of international law, the order maintains diplomatic relations with 106 states.
The Colony of Curaçao and Dependencies was a Dutch colony from 1815 until 1828 and from 1845 until 1936.
Most of the territories now form part of Malaysia, from which Singapore separated in 1965.
The colours of the flag were blue and yellow.
Spain gave up its Saharan possession following Moroccan demands and international pressure, mainly from United Nations resolutions regarding decolonisation.
The Duchy of Saxe-Eisenberg was one of the Saxon Duchies held by the Ernestine line of the Wettin Dynasty.
Urartu, also known as Kingdom of Van, was an Iron Age kingdom centred on Lake Van in the Armenian Highlands.
Borso and his successors ruled Ferrara as a quasi-sovereign state until 1597, when it came under direct papal rule.
Instead, its former territory became part of the Kingdom of Lombardy–Venetia, with the Emperor of Austria as its king.
Soyuz Sovetskikh Sotsialisticheskikh Respublik; IPA: [sɐˈjus sɐˈvʲɛtskʲɪx sətsɨəlʲɪsˈtʲitɕɪskʲɪx rʲɪˈspublʲɪk]), also known unofficially as Russia, was a socialist state in Eurasia that existed from 1922 to 1991.
The Bogd Khaanate of Mongolia was the government of Mongolia between 1911 and 1919, and again from 1921 to 1924.
With Dénia as its capital, the taifa included the Balearic Islands and parts of the Spanish mainland.
Ammon was an Iron Age Semitic-speaking nation occupying the east of the Jordan River, between the torrent valleys of Arnon and Jabbok, in present-day Jordan.
Its capital was at Jeonju, in present-day North Jeolla province.
Not to be confused with the Duchy of Silesia.
East Timor or Timor-Leste, officially the Democratic Republic of Timor-Leste, is a sovereign state in Maritime Southeast Asia.
Some reports also mention the presence of a radio station, but this remains unconfirmed.
The power vacuum resulting from the absence of a ruling monarch as the ultimate arbiter in political disputes led to regional civil wars between local factions.
The Supreme Council of Udmurtia declared state sovereignty on 20 September 1990 and the Udmurt ASSR was renamed as the Udmurt Republic on 11 October 1991.
The constitution also set out the succession to the throne, with the crown being elective and the reigning emperor having the power to appoint his successor.
After the death of Demetrius, the last of the Progon family, the principality came under Gregory Kamonas, and later Golem, until its dissolution in 1255.
In Britain, political attitudes favoured free trade and laissez-faire policies and a gradual widening of the voting franchise.
The Kingdom of Mapungubwe was a pre-colonial state in Southern Africa located at the confluence of the Shashe and Limpopo rivers, south of Great Zimbabwe.
It existed from approximately 1137 until 1974, when the Solomonic dynasty was overthrown in a coup d'état.
The Talysh-Mughan Autonomous Republic was a short-lived self-proclaimed separatist autonomous republic in Azerbaijan, that lasted from June to August 1993.
Tlatelolco was a pre-Columbian Nahua altepetl in the Valley of Mexico.
The Tokugawa shogunate, also known as the Tokugawa bakufu and the Edo bakufu, was the last feudal Japanese military government, which existed between 1600 and 1868.
The territory was usually ruled by one or more sons of the current Byzantine emperor, who were given the title of despotes.
Nevertheless, the Phagmodrupa had a turbulent history due to internal family feuding and the strong localism among noble lineages and fiefs.
This constitutional document roganized both the executive-legislative and military administration of the island.
The Eastern Roman Empire endured for another millennium, eventually falling to the Ottoman Turks in 1453.
The County of Guastalla was a sovereign state of northern Italy centred on Guastalla.
The country ranks high on the Human Development Index, Social Progress Index as well as the Global Peace Index.
Pskov, known at various times as the Principality of Pskov or the Pskov Republic, was a medieval state on the south shore of Lake Pskov.
These checks were enacted by a legislature controlled by the nobility.
Germany is a developed country with a very high standard of living sustained by a skilled and productive society.
Located in Central Asia, it is a secular, unitary constitutional republic, comprising 12 provinces, one autonomous republic, and a capital city.
It was the first Lutheran duchy with a dominant German-speaking population, as well as Polish and Lithuanian minorities.
However, the Assembly was dissolved on the same day by the All-Russian Central Executive Committee, thus making the Republic the shortest-lived state in history.
They traditionally speak the Downriver dialect of Halkomelem, one of the Salishan family of languages.
A short time after the Shakkanakku collapse, Mari became the capital of the Amorite Lim dynasty.
In 1411, Sigismund of Luxembourg lost the duchy to his niece Elisabeth because he defaulted on a loan.
Under the agreement, Herzeg-Bosnia was to be joined into the Croat–Bosniak federation, but it continued to exist until it was formally abolished in 1996.
Borso d'Este, already Duke of Modena and Reggio, was created Duke of Ferrara by Pope Paul II.
The Cheng Han was a state of the Sixteen Kingdoms during the Jin Dynasty in China.
It was the predecessor of the March of Carinthia, created within the Carolingian Empire in 889.
The greatest distance north to south comprised 225 kilometres and the greatest east to west was 160 kilometres.
It is 8 kilometres long and 3.5 kilometres wide, and lies about 8.5 kilometres from the mainland.
The region was originally inhabited by the indigenous Taíno people.
This was in direct contravention of the UN Resolution 390-A(V) which had established the Federation.
By June 15th, Boyer was still promising nationally donated land.
The Principality was heavily involved in several succession crises of the 11th-12th centuries and a war with the Land of Novgorod.
It was named after its capital, Osnabrück.
In medieval times much of Eritrea fell under the Medri Bahri kingdom, with a smaller region being part of Hamasien.
After World War II, by the establishment of the French Fourth Republic in 1947, Dahomey became part of the French Union with an increased autonomy.
Byelorussia was one of several Soviet republics occupied by Nazi Germany during World War II.
In addition, the state included colonies: St. Thomas, St. John, St. Croix, Ghana, Tharangambadi, Serampore, and Nicobar Islands.
The Chalca allied with the Spaniards and participated in the defeat of the Aztecs.
In 2005, his son Faure Gnassingbé was elected president.
The English then renamed the province after the Isle of Jersey in the English Channel.
It was located in eastern Turkey, being centered on Karaköse Province.
It belonged to the imperally immediate territory of Duchy of Mecklenburg and was part of the Holy Roman Empire.
Parts of Libya remain outside of either government's control, with various Islamist, rebel, and tribal militias administering some areas..
It has been argued that the first true ruler of Taqali was Muhammad wad Jayli and that he and his son Ismail forged the state.
To the west are the islands of the Wallis and Futuna group.
The principality's capital was Turov and other important cities were Pinsk, Mazyr, Slutsk, Lutsk, Berestia, and Volodymyr.
The simmering dispute often flared till 1524 when the Ahoms struck the Sutiya Kingdom at its weakest state, took Sadiya and killed the then king Nityapal.
The few remaining islands were ceded to the United States when the Treaty of Washington was ratified in 1901.
He was quickly followed by Mahmud who ruled the empire at its largest extent for a mere three years.
This number would increase if portions of Northern California, Idaho, and Southern Alaska were also included.
It was internationally recognized by the Treaty of Constantinople, where it also secured full independence from the Ottoman Empire.
In 2016 it was the eighth most visited country in the world, with 35 million international arrivals.
Each prince-bishopric had the status of an Imperial Estate, each of which were represented in the Diet of the Holy Roman Empire.
On August 5, 1960, it attained full independence from France.
The Bogd Khaan was last khagan of Mongolia.
Nevis is located near the northern end of the Lesser Antilles archipelago, about 350 km east-southeast of Puerto Rico and 80 km west of Antigua.
The Free State came to an end with the coming into force of the new constitution on 29 December 1937.
It was created in 1850 from territory of Grão-Pará Province.
Ivan's forces attacked him and took him prisoner.
The surrender occurred after 18 days of fierce fighting against the overwhelming Japanese forces that had invaded the territory.
It fell under the jurisdiction of the Real Audiencia of Guadalajara in judicial matters, and in 1776 Nuevo Santander became part of the semi-autonomous Provincias Internas.
The Chera capital has been called, 'Vanchi' and 'Karur' in several works.
The Trapezuntine monarchy survived the longest of the Byzantine successor states.
By the end of the same year, the entire region of Prilep was conquered by Ottoman Turks.
More than 80% of the population is ethnic Belarusian, with sizable minorities of Russians, Poles and Ukrainians.
The Kalabhras put an end to the Brahmadeya rights granted to the Brahmans in numerous villages across southern India.
The pact became effective on the day it was signed.
Lithuanian noblemen, including the Radvila family, attempted to break the personal union with Poland.
Misl generally refers to the sovereign states of the Sikh Confederacy, that rose during the 18th century in the Punjab region of the Indian subcontinent.
Ruanda-Urundi was a territory in the African Great Lakes region, once part of German East Africa, which was ruled by Belgium between 1916 and 1962.
One by one in 1662-64 the towns joined Connecticut until only three were left and they submitted to the Connecticut Colony in 1664.
In the early medieval period where they were under Sassanid or Arab suzerainty until the establishment of the Bagratid Kingdom of Armenia in the 9th century.
The local governors of the larger Captaincy General had previously been overseen in political and military matters by the president of the Audiencia of Santo Domingo.
The completion of the conquest of Wales by Edward I in 1284 put Wales under the control of the English crown.
Its capital was Edo, now known as Benin City, Edo state.
Spain in the 19th century was a country in turmoil.
The island of Taiwan, known historically as Formosa, was under colonial Dutch rule from 1624 to 1662.
The Provisional Democratic Government, was the name of the administration declared by the Communist Party of Greece on 24 December 1947, during the Greek Civil War.
From the eighth century BC, the Greeks were organised into various independent city-states, known as polis, which spanned the entire Mediterranean region and the Black Sea.
Previously an underdeveloped exporter of agricultural commodities such as coffee and cocoa, oil quickly came to dominate exports and government revenues.
German New Guinea was the first part of the German colonial empire.
The Golden Ambrosian Republic was a short-lived government founded in Milan by members of the University of Pavia with popular support.
This forced the interlopers back to the south.
Indonesian history has been influenced by foreign powers drawn to its natural resources.
The official name of Benin was preserved for the country, which became the Republic of Benin.
The Duchy of Bernstadt was a Silesian duchy centred on the city of Bernstadt in Lower Silesia and formed by separation from the Duchy of Oels.
Meanwhile, President Ojukwu offered no comment on the declaration, concentrating instead on Biafran soldiers' failure to stop the enemy.
It initially also was intended to rescue the last Former Yan emperor Murong Wei, until he was executed by Fu Jiān in 385.
Schmalkalden is a town in the Schmalkalden-Meiningen district, in the southwestern portion of Thuringia state in Germany.
Ahmed al-Senussi, a relative of King Idris, was announced as the leader of the self-declared Cyrenaica Transitional Council.
Belize is bordered on the north by Mexico, on the south and west by Guatemala, and on the east by the Caribbean Sea.
In 1974, there were 475 institutes of higher education in the republic providing education in 47 languages to some 23,941,000 students.
It was one of the most powerful kingdoms in Central and East Africa from 13th century to the 19th century.
After the United States, it is the second most popular immigration destination in the world.
It evolved from the Ditadura Nacional formed after the coup d'état of 28 May 1926 against the democratic and unstable First Republic.
Piedmont was the main part of the Kingdom of Sardinia which, despite its name, had its core on the mainland.
Yamhad's population was predominately Amorite, and had a typical Bronze Age Syrian culture.
At the onset of the Cold War, Europe was divided among the Western and Eastern blocs.
Since the end of the war, newly established political stability and foreign aid have allowed the country's economy to grow.
The polity had all of the organs of an integrated modern state and maintained a robust trading network.
The kingdom conquered neighbouring Saba' in c. 25 BCE, Qataban in c. 200 CE, and Haḍramaut c. 300 CE.
Elizabeth later sold the duchy to the Duke of Burgundy, Philip the Good of the House of Valois-Burgundy, who paid her off in 1444.
The Federation was created by the 1994 Washington Agreement, which ended the part of the conflict whereby Bosnian Croats fought with Bosniaks.
The dynasty ended when Zhang agreed to recognize Emperor Gaozong as the new ruler of the revived Southern Song.
As one of the Thirteen Colonies, New York achieved independence and worked with the others to found the United States.
The capital of the principality was Tver.
The arid Atacama Desert in northern Chile contains great mineral wealth, principally copper.
Many Egyptologists also include the Memphite Seventh and Eighth Dynasties in the Old Kingdom as a continuation of the administration centralized at Memphis.
It was recognised only by the German Empire and the South African Republic.
From 1416 to 1860, the Duchy of Savoy was a state in Western Europe.
Only Pitcairn, the second-largest island that measures about 3.6 kilometres from east to west, is inhabited.
In particular, the Yedisans are mentioned as a distinct group, and in various locations.
The General Government of Warsaw was an administrative civil district created by the German Empire in World War I.
Horthy officially represented the Hungarian monarchy of Charles IV, Apostolic King of Hungary.
Baku Khanate, was an autonomous Muslim principality under Iranian suzerainty, which existed between 1747 and 1806.
The Kuban People's Republic would include all territory of the former Kuban Oblast of the Russian Empire.
Ratu Sir Penaia Ganilau 12 February 1983 – 6/15 October 1987
It existed for over four hundred years, from 1125 to 1555.
British Mauritius was a British Crown colony.
Its purpose was probably entirely to conquer the Canaries, and to eventually be fully incorporated into the Crown of Castile when complete.
Ah Kin Chel was founded with the capital at Tecoh in 1441 when the League of Mayapan collapsed and was divided into seventeen nations.
Banzer ruled for seven years, initially from 1971 to 1974 with the support of Estenssoro's Nationalist Revolutionary Movement.
The government system is closely modelled on the Westminster parliamentary system and the legal system is based on common law.
The league was named after the region of Achaea in the northwestern Peloponnese, which formed its original core.
The government in exile of the Second Spanish Republic had an embassy in Mexico City until 1976.
The Vakatakas are noted for having been patrons of the arts, architecture and literature.
In 1559 its 1,636 parishes were grouped into eight archdeaconries, and twenty-eight councils, chrétientés.
Austria-Hungary was geographically the second-largest country in Europe after the Russian Empire, at 621,538 km2, and the third-most populous.
It was located some 50 km east of Cologne, and contained the modern localities of Freudenberg, Hilchenbach, Kreuztal, Siegen, and Wilnsdorf.
A month later, Malian and French forces recaptured most of the north.
Other local official languages are Hungarian, Burgenland Croatian, and Slovene.
Formerly the British protectorate of Bechuanaland, Botswana adopted its new name after becoming independent within the Commonwealth on 30 September 1966.
Slovakia is scheduled to introduced the euro on 1 January 2009.
The new government began secret peace negotiations with the Allied powers.
The Byzantine Empire was ruled by Hellenized Armenian emperors of the dynasty of Heraclius between 610 and 711.
As of 2005, it had a total population of 953,045 inhabitants.
Nigeria is divided roughly in half between Christians, who live mostly in the southern part of the country, and Muslims in the northern part.
The Duchy of Guastalla was an Italian state which existed between 1621 and 1748.
Gaddafi defended his government's actions by citing the need to support anti-imperialist and anti-colonial movements around the world.
The heirs of Urartu are the Armenians and their successive kingdoms.
In 1965, The Gambia gained independence under the leadership of Dawda Jawara, who ruled until Yahya Jammeh seized power in a bloodless 1994 coup.
Canada is a country in the northern part of North America.
Counted among the "sixteen great nations" in Buddhist texts like the Anguttara Nikaya, Anga also finds mention in the Jain Vyakhyaprajnapti’s list of ancient janapadas.
The Taifa of Jaén was a medieval taifa Moorish kingdom that existed for only two very short periods, first in 1145 and secondly in 1168.
It was conquered by King Zhugou of Yue.
The prince was assisted in his function as chief executive by a 4-member senate.
It existed during the period of fragmentation of Poland until 1320, centered at Poznań, Gniezno and Kalisz in the Greater Poland region.
Politically, Nordic countries do not form a separate entity, but they co-operate in the Nordic Council.
The Shah dynasty established the Kingdom of Nepal and later formed an alliance with the British Empire, under its Rana dynasty of premiers.
From then on the rulers conducted the title Fürst van Nassau-Oranien in Germany and in the Netherlands the title Prins van Oranje-Nassau.
In 1457, Dietrich III von Manderscheid was made a Reichsgraf by the Emperor.
The abolition of the khanate led to a bloody rebellion.
Agricultural, once the dominant sector of employment, has become almost non-existent.
It expanded in the first half of the 16th century, reaching roughly 1.2 million by the 1690s.
Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Syrmia was a short-lived Serb parallel entity in the territory of Croatia.
In 1948, the British Colony of Ceylon was granted independence as Ceylon.
During the second half of the 19th century, the American Civil War led to the end of legal slavery in the country.
The Palas were important promoters of classical Indian philosophy, literature, painting and sculpture.
Divided into 11 municipalities, its capital is Vaduz and its largest municipality is Schaan.
Hyderabad gradually became the first princely state to come under British paramountcy signing a subsidiary alliance agreement.
In the first phase of the Croatian War of Independence, in 1992, the oblast joined the breakaway Republic of Serbian Krajina.
An Anglo-Dutch force captured Gibraltar from Spain in 1704 during the War of the Spanish Succession on behalf of the Habsburg claim to the Spanish throne.
From 1243–1462, Wied was united with an Isenburgian County as Isenburg-Wied.
The new republic incorporated the Orange River Sovereignty and included the traditions of the Winburg-Potchefstroom Republic.
His grandson Kublai Khan conquered China to establish the Yuan dynasty.
Considered a cradle of civilisation, Ancient Egypt experienced some of the earliest developments of writing, agriculture, urbanisation, organised religion and central government.
In the mid 1950s, after the death of Joseph Stalin, conservative hardliners lost influence and a period of social liberalisation and stability followed under Todor Zhivkov.
Many Tajiks also speak Russian as their second language.
The French Government at Vichy never joined the Axis alliance.
The Sovereign State of Aeterna Lucina, also known as the Sovereign Humanitarian Mission State of Aeterna Lucina), was an Australian micronation.
It is the eighth-most populated country in Asia and the 12th most populated country in the world.
However, in 1934, the seat of government was subsequently moved to the city of Kiev, Ukraine's historic capital.
From about 1111/12 the territory was ruled by the Landgraves of Thuringia as Princes of the Holy Roman Empire.
It is now divided into Telangana state, Hyderabad-Karnataka region of Karnataka and Marathwada region of Maharashtra.
Sayyid Idris proclaimed himself Emir of Cyrenaica at a 'national conference' in Benghazi.
During the late eleventh and twelfth centuries the Fatimid caliphate declined rapidly, and in 1171 Saladin invaded its territory.
Kuku was one of two major Kabyle kingdoms, the other being the Kingdom of Ait Abbas.
Senegal covers a land area of almost 197,000 square kilometres and has an estimated population of about 15 million.
It was finally annexed by Chu in 479 BC.
It is situated near the border with Switzerland, 14 kilometres north of Schaffhausen.
This second kingdom is sometimes called the Second Kingdom of Jerusalem or the Kingdom of Acre, after its new capital.
Nimeiri's coup preempted plots by other groups, most of which involved army factions supported by the Sudanese Communist Party, Arab nationalists, or conservative religious groups.
Howerver, with the death of Nader Shah in 1747, both kingdoms declared de facto independence, and were several years later unified by king Erekle II.
For much of its existence, the territory was bordered by Italian Somaliland, French Somaliland and Ethiopia.
Gojoseon, originally named Joseon, was an ancient Korean kingdom.
Ethiopia's ancient Ge'ez script, also known as Ethiopic, is one of the oldest alphabets still in use in the world.
The legacy of Portuguese rule is also visible in the country's culture, customs, and music, which fuse European and African influences.
As of 2013, Swaziland has the lowest estimated life expectancy in the world, at 49.18 years.
In the 15th century other political centers of shamkhalate were Bujnak, Tarki, Andirey and some other towns.
Congo-Brazzaville was formerly part of the French colony of Equatorial Africa.
Toponyms were named in partition agreement between the Bishop of Courland and the Livonian Order in 1253.
With a population of over 30 million, Malaysia is the 44th most populous country.
The kingdom is established as a merger of several petty kingdoms.
It was one of many tributary states of Qing China.
Traditional accounts provide the names of several of its leaders; Sultan Hadlirin, and his wife and also successor, Retna Kencana.
The country has a strong financial sector centered in Vaduz.
The land once part of Northumbria at its peak is now divided by modern administrative boundaries:
The etymology of "galuh" is Old Sundanese and Old Javanese word for "diamond" or "gemstone".
The Rock Lives On Millionaire Gallery, on Duval Street in Key West, recently had one on display.
It was an overwhelmingly Polish-speaking city-state; of its population 85% were Catholics, 14% were Jews while other religions comprised less than 1%.
By 1638, the plans for Saybrook were abandoned.
It was owned and ruled by a branch of the House of Stolberg from 1341 until 1803.
Like all Akans they originated from Bono state.
Theoderic invaded Italy in 489 and by August 490 had captured almost the entire peninsula, forcing Odoacer to take refuge in Ravenna.
The Republic of Central Albania was a short-lived unrecognised state established on October 16, 1913 with its administrative centre in Durrës, today in Albania.
Corinth is also mentioned in the Book of Acts as part of the Apostle Paul's missionary travels.
He was assassinated in Marseille by Vlado Chernozemski, a member of the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization, during his visit to France in 1934.
His more celebrated successor Bayinnaung then greatly expanded the empire, conquering much of mainland Southeast Asia by 1565.
The name Cinnéide belonged to Brian Boru's father Cennétig mac Lorcáin, King of Thomond, in the tenth century AD..
In 921, Wang Rong's soldiers assassinated him, slaughtered the Wang clan, and supported his adoptive son Zhang Wenli to succeed him instead.
[2] Thus, many of their policies had unintended destabilizing effects.
Although they called themselves "Satraps" on their coins, leading to their modern designation of "Western Satraps", Ptolemy in his 2nd century "Geographia" still called them "Indo-Scythians".
Territories of the United States are sub-national administrative divisions directly overseen by the United States federal government.
The emirate's internal history is less well-known, but all accounts point to considerable prosperity deriving not only from piracy but also from extensive trade and agriculture.
This is in addition to the Ashgabat agreement which is a multi-modal transport agreement between the Central Asian states.
The region became semi-independent under the Arab ruler Aziz al-Habbari in 841 CE, though nominally remaining part of the Caliphate.
Mataram reached its peak of power during the reign of Sultan Agung Hanyokrokusumo, and began to decline after his death in 1645.
Catherine the Great presided over a Golden age.
Although it does not border Zimbabwe, a part of less than 200 metres of the Zambezi River separates the two countries.
Sundiata Keita is the first ruler about whom there is accurate written information.
It is also mentioned in the Ramayana, the Mahabharata and the Puranas.
The Aborigines of Australia also expressed their support for the movement.
The Ahom kingdom was a kingdom in the Brahmaputra Valley in Assam, India.
This period featured factional struggles and the role of the Great Khan.
A similar, but less elaborate activity, of communist Polrewkom, was related to the North-Western front of the Red Army.
Monaco's most populous Quartier is Monte Carlo and the most populous Ward is Larvotto/Bas Moulins.
Wales was annexed by the Kingdom of England under the Laws in Wales Acts 1535 and 1542.
Most of the population of more than 7 million people live in customary communities, which are as diverse as the languages.
However, in 1649 a parliamentarian army under Oliver Cromwell invaded Ireland.
It was formed after the islanders crowned the German adventurer Theodor Stephan Freiherr von Neuhoff King of Corsica.
The early seventeenth-century French navigator François Pyrard referred to Huvadhu as "Suadou" and it was marked as "Suvadina" on maps of the Dutch Empire.
The World Happiness Report 2017 ranked Burundi as the world's second least happy nation with a rank of 154.
The maritime state was visited by Spain's Magellan Expedition in 1521 and fought against Spain in the 1578 Castille War.
The current constitution was adopted in 1788, after the Articles of Confederation, adopted in 1781, were felt to have provided inadequate federal powers.
Loon's overlords, the Prince-bishops of Liège, indeed saw themselves as the spiritual leaders of a diocese descended from the large Roman jurisdiction, the Civitas Tungrorum.
Western texts frequently referred to the two states separately.
The Roman Republic was short-lived, as the Papal States were restored in October 1799.
A further Northern Liao dynasty existed briefly in 1123.
1972, after Kenya's transition to a republic
In 1873, the Khanate of Khiva was much reduced in size and became a Russian protectorate.
The dynasty was established by Sayyid Khizr Khan, deputised by Timur to be the governor of Multan.
Publica, the constitution and other official documents used the term "State of Vermont".
The president-in-exile also met officials from Estonia before continuing in 1919 to Sweden, Germany and France, in a quest for Western support.
This traditional constitutional monarchy has Nilotic origins with the kingdom originally divided into north and south.
This would be achieved by allocating American financial aid and implementing economic programs for the reconstruction of Europe after World War II.
The Duchy of Brzeg or Duchy of Brieg, was one of the Duchies of Silesia, created in 1311 during the fragmentation of the Duchy of Wrocław.
Despite its short period, the sultanate played an important role in the establishment of Islam in Indonesia, especially on Java and neighboring area.
Its population as of 2006 is about 316,600.
The rulers of the new black African states were united in wanting to end colonialism in Africa.
Bazargan was elected to the first Islamic Consultative Assembly representing Tehran.
It is also listed among the "Next Eleven" economies set to become among the biggest in the world.
The dynasty established in Dwapar Yuga, sometime before Mahabharata war, as Bhagadatta, the son of Naraka and also friend of Pandu, fought for Kaurava's.
There is no permanent population on the islands.
East Caprivi was a bantustan in South West Africa, intended by the apartheid government to be a self-governing homeland for the Lozi people.
A referendum was held in December 1974 to determine whether the Gilbert Islands and Ellice Islands should each have their own administration.
During the Iron Age, what is now metropolitan France was inhabited by the Gauls, a Celtic people.
In the 3rd century BC, the area was annexed by Rome and became part of the Roman provinces of Dalmatia, Macedonia and Moesia Superior.
The descendants of the dynasty now live in various countries, and take the surnames Mükeddem, Mükeddem-Marağayi, Etimadi-Mükeddam and others.
They built spectacular Hindu temples in their capital Parihaspur.
The capital Seoul is the world's sixth leading global city with the fifth largest economy and is the seventh most sustainable city in the world.
The New Book of Tang asserts that shortly after 706, the country was split into Land Chenla and Water Chenla.
Its primary goals, as stated in its Covenant, included preventing wars through collective security and disarmament and settling international disputes through negotiation and arbitration.
Japan's World War II occupation dismantled much of the Dutch colonial state and economy.
The Counts Reuss of Greiz, Lower- and Upper Greiz, were elevated to princely status in 1778.
Sustainable economic development in particular of tourism, fishery and agriculture
Terra Mariana was divided into feudal principalities by Papal Legate William of Modena:
Legal matters in The Danish Realm are subject to the Danish Constitution.
The title of "King of Castile" remained in use by the Habsburg rulers during the 16th and 17th centuries.
A month later, the government of all the Papal States was changed into a republic: the Roman Republic, which Perugia belonged to.
According to the terms of the treaty, the Holy See has "full ownership, exclusive dominion, and sovereign authority and jurisdiction" over the city-state.
The war between the Gaúchos and the Brazilian Empire was ended by the Ponche Verde Treaty.
The Constitution of Pakistan of 1956 replaced the British monarchy with an Islamic republic.
Himyar then endured until it finally fell to invaders from the Kingdom of Aksum in 525.
It lies on the eastern slopes of the Vosges mountains.
The Sultanate was then replaced by the Kano Emirate, subject to the Sokoto Caliphate.
In 1365, the state was occupied by Hungarian crusaders, but the occupation was short-lived.
The three former presidents, Hubert Maga, Sourou Migan Apithy, and Justin Ahomadegbe were released in 1981.
It used the French franc, and also minted its own coins.
The British Virgin Islands, officially the Virgin Islands, are a British Overseas Territory located in the Caribbean to the east of Puerto Rico.
It also saw the reestablishment of the Catholic Church as a major power in French politics.
The Anglo-French Joint Naval Commission was in charge of the territory of the New Hebrides in the period 1887–1889 and again in 1890–1906.
According to the census in 1880, the population of the village is 635 people.
It is one of the founding members of GUAM, the Commonwealth of Independent States and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons.
Its capital was the city of Brunswick.
Bhutan is geopolitically in South Asia and is the region's second least populous nation after the Maldives.
In this context, Guastalla was ceded to Modena.
It came under Qing rule in 1696 and remained a khanate as a part of the Qing Empire.
It was founded following the aftermath of the overthrow of Goryeo in what is today the city of Kaesong.
Most of the people still live in strong traditional social groups based on farming.
It was created as a partition of Sponheim-Starkenburg in 1261, and it comprised the lands of the former County of Sayn.
Only small military forces still held Chita, blocking the Trans-Siberia Railway.
It was located in the city of Bukittinggi and led by Sjafruddin Prawiranegara.
At its founding, the UN had 51 member states; there are now 193.
The Taifa of Morón was a medieval Berber taifa kingdom that existed from around 1010 to 1066.
It is the seat of the Ostalbkreis district and is its largest town.
It is also among the largest producers of titanium and bauxite, a major producer of gold and has one of the world's largest deposits of rutile.
The Legislative Assembly met for the first time in Levuka in November 1871.
Citizens of Slovakia are provided with universal health care, free education and one of the longest paid maternity leave in the OECD.
The Empire of Austenasia is a micronation and self-declared sovereign state based in the United Kingdom.
The country was originally settled approximately 3,000 years ago by migrants from the Philippines and sustained a Negrito population until around 900 years ago.
All of these names mean "island country".
Zanjan Khanate was an 18th-19th century khanate based in Zanjan.
Northern Cyprus, officially the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, is a self-declared state that comprises the northeastern portion of the island of Cyprus.
Until the 12th century the principality was very closely associated with the principalities of Kiev and Volhynia.
The Free French fought Axis and Vichy regime troops and served on battlefronts everywhere from the Middle East to Indochina and North Africa.
It was the first Premonstratensian monastery in the whole of Swabia.
The Fingal area north of Dublin was named after the Norse who lived there.
It finally ended in 1673 when they fall under the domination of the Ahoms.
The flag existed in both horizontal and vertical tricolour versions, and it is used nowadays on some occasions by Region Piedmont.
The royal and noble Gramont dynasty survives to the present day.
The regime was characterized by the systematic suppression of political parties and the persecution of dissidents to an extent unprecedented in the history of Chile.
Sajids ruled Azerbaijan and parts Armenia first from Maragha and Barda and then from Ardabil.
The July Monarchy was dominated by wealthy bourgeoisie and numerous former Napoleonic officials.
Established in 1680 for Johann Ernst, seventh son of Ernest I, Duke of Saxe-Gotha.
Soon after the death of Joseph in 1777, however, his daughter Maria I dismissed Pombal, and prohibited him from coming within 20 miles of her.
The West Ukrainian People's Republic was a short-lived republic that existed in late 1918 and early 1919 in eastern Galicia.
Prince Carlos of Bourbon-Parma has held the title since 2010.
The vast majority of the population consists of Sunni Muslims, while religious attitudes are mostly moderate and secular.
Hesse-Kassel taking the northern and Hesse-Darmstadt the southern part.
After that, the term British North America was used to describe the remainder of Britain's continental North American possessions.
Gansu warlord Ma Zhongying of the Hui Ma clique invaded in support of the rebellion.
Subsequently, many African nations adopted the colours of Ethiopia's flag following their independence.
The county was absorbed into Mamluk Egypt.
Von Papen as Vice Chancellor was intended to be the "éminence grise" who would keep Hitler under control, using his close personal connection to Hindenburg.
The State of Buenos Aires was never recognized by the Confederation or by foreign nations; it remained, however, nominally independent under its own government and constitution.
After the Congress of Vienna of 1814/5, Danzig was re-incorporated into the Kingdom of Prussia.
At the time of his death in 2005, Gnassingbé was the longest-serving leader in modern African history, after having been president for 38 years.
The Jin dynasty, distinguished as the Sima Jin and Liang Jin, was a Chinese dynasty, empire, and era traditionally dated from AD 265 to 420.
While the official language is French, many other languages are spoken in Togo, particularly those of the Gbe family.
The area that is now Mongolia was ruled by various nomadic empires, including the Xiongnu, the Xianbei, the Rouran, the Turkic Khaganate, among others.
The International Naturist Federation or Fédération naturiste internationale or Internationalen Naturisten Föderation is the global umbrella organisation representing official national naturist societies.
Thereafter, Austria became the ancestral homeland of the dynasty and the nucleus of the Habsburg Monarchy.
It recommended that Newfoundland give up its system of self-government temporarily, and allow the United Kingdom to administer the dominion through an appointed commission.
According to the writer William Mariner, the chiefs wanted to kill Cook during the gathering but could not agree on a plan.
The Vogtland is a region reaching across the German free states of Bavaria, Saxony and Thuringia and into the Czech Republic.
To repel the Jin, and later the Mongols, the Song developed revolutionary new military technology augmented by the use of gunpowder.
Subsequent Rulers of Oldenburg were all his descendants.
Essen Abbey was a monastery of secular canonesses for women of high nobility in Essen, Germany.
Hungary joined the European Union in 2004 and has been part of the Schengen Area since 2007.
The Kingdom of Denmark also comprises two autonomous constituent countries in the North Atlantic Ocean: the Faroe Islands and Greenland.
Following continued guerrilla warfare, South Africa installed an interim administration in Namibia in 1985.
Artois remained with the Spanish Netherlands until it was conquered by the French during the Thirty Years War.
The capital was the city of Xacítarxan, also known as Astrakhan in Russian chronicles.
It was founded by Jalal ud din Firuz Khilji and became the second dynasty to rule the Delhi Sultanate of India.
In World War II, Charles de Gaulle and the Free French used the overseas colonies as bases from which they fought to liberate France.
However, internally, it remained a separately ruled territory with its own government and bodies.
The country's economy centers on agriculture and fishing.
It was created when Sigismund, King of the Romans, raised the County of Savoy into a duchy for Amadeus VIII.
Ireland, also described as the Republic of Ireland, is a sovereign state in north-western Europe occupying 26 of 32 counties of the island of Ireland.
The first Czechoslovak Republic was the Czechoslovak state that existed from 1918 to 1938.
Ukraine has maintained its independence as a sovereign state ever since.
It was one of three SAOs proclaimed on the territory of Croatia.
The Third Dynasty of Ur was the last Sumerian dynasty which came to preeminent power in Mesopotamia.
It was ruled by the Hadiya people, who spoke the Cushitic Hadiyya language.
It includes the provinces of Papua and West Papua.
The Carausian Revolt was an episode in Roman history, during which a Roman naval commander, Carausius, declared himself emperor over Britain and northern Gaul.
In foreign accounts, Ayutthaya was called Siam, but many sources say the people of Ayutthaya called themselves Tai, and their kingdom Krung Tai "The Tai country".
Ba was conquered by Qin in 316 BC.
The colony became the self-governing Republic of Dahomey within the Community, and two years later on 1 August 1960 it gained full independence.
The Free and high Fief of Purmerend, Purmerland and Ilpendam was a type of local jurisdiction with many rights.
The White Earth Band is the largest, which had more than 19,000 members.
A new British envoy, William Whitlock, arrived on 11 March 1969 with a proposal for a new interim British administration.
Instead, exchange of goods and services was based on reciprocity between individuals and among individuals, groups, and Inca rulers.
After two referenda on the issue, the monarchy was abolished on 24 April 1970, when the Gambia became a republic within the Commonwealth.
After the defeat of the Marathas in the Third Anglo-Maratha War, Bhopal became a British princely state in 1818.
In 1949, the Territory and the Territory of Papua were established in an administrative union by the name of the Territory of Papua and New Guinea.
On June 10, 1570 the Danish Duke Magnus of Holstein arrived in Moscow, where he was crowned King of Livonia.
The Kalachuris lost their power to the Chalukyas of Vatapi in the 7th century.
However, the Great Powers were often reluctant to do so.
All three rulers of Wu after 907 were Yang Xingmi's sons.
It was however claimed by two regional powers at that time, Ayuthaya from the north and Majapahit from the south.
These policies applied not only to the Reichskommissariat Ostland but also to other German-occupied Soviet territories.
According to the legend, the husband defenestrated his innocent wife on suspicion of adultery.
His brother Johann Ernst of Saxe-Saalfeld became the new Duke of Coburg and the duchy was renamed into Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld in 1735.
Member states have no legal obligation to one another.
It was the third iteration of the third Saudi state
The historical area of the region, however, encompasses approximately 8,223 square kilometres.
Established by King Sanjaya, the kingdom was ruled by the Sailendra dynasty.
The Prince-Bishopric of Hildesheim was a state of the Holy Roman Empire from the Middle Ages until 1803.
Three quarters of the people of the 1871 Empire had already been 'North Germans'.
The Malagasy Protectorate was a French protectorate in what is now Madagascar.
The First Intermediate Period was a dynamic time in history where rule of Egypt was roughly divided between two competing power bases.
Askia Daoud responded by sending a large quantity of gold as gift in an attempt to appease the sultan.
Peter I Island is an uninhabited volcanic island in the Bellingshausen Sea, 450 kilometres from Antarctica.
The United Kingdom Overseas Territories Association is an organisation that exists to promote the interests of the United Kingdom Overseas Territories and co-operation between them.
The constitution of the Islamic Republic of Iran was adopted by referendum on 24 October 1979.
The Lan Na or Lanna Kingdom, also known as Lannathai, was an Indianized state centered in present-day Northern Thailand from the 13th to 18th centuries.
On 3 March 1967, Grenada was granted full autonomy over its internal affairs as an Associated State.
Tony Lee returned as Commissioner and in 1971 worked out another "interim agreement" with the islanders.
Burma achieved independence from British rule on 4 January 1948.
The Norwegian Store Norske and the Russian Arktikugol remain the only mining companies in place.
Ferdinand I of Naples united the Principality of Taranto to the Kingdom of Naples at the death of his wife, Isabella of Clermont.
The northern section was called Tonkin by Europeans, and the southern part called Cochinchina by most Europeans and Quinam by the Dutch.
The Empire of Brazil was a 19th-century state that broadly comprised the territories which form modern Brazil and Uruguay.
Later the Saka kingdom was completely destroyed by Chandragupta II of the Gupta Empire in the 4th century.
The colonies were officially ceded to the United Kingdom in 1814, and consolidated into a single colony in 1831.
The Prince-Bishopric of Augsburg was one of the prince-bishoprics of the Holy Roman Empire, and belonged to the Swabian Circle.
Today, 35 OECD countries and 25 non-OECD countries are members of the Centre.
It was the last of the thirteen original American colonies established by Great Britain in what later became the United States.
The Captaincy General of Santo Domingo was the first colony in the New World and was claimed for Spain.
They held significant influence in local politics and administration in the area and founded the first colleges.
In January 1897 France declared Madagascar a French colony and deported the prime minister to Algeria, where he died shortly afterward.
Its coast in the south lies on the Gulf of Guinea in the Atlantic Ocean.
The Reichskommissariat Niederlande was the civilian occupation regime set up by Germany in the German-occupied Netherlands during World War II.
It was a contemporary of the Han dynasty, and was later annexed by the Han empire as the dynasty expanded southward.
The Republic of Pisa was a de facto independent state centered on the Tuscan city of Pisa during the late 10th and 11th centuries.
New Zealand is a member of the United Nations, Commonwealth of Nations, ANZUS, Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, Pacific Islands Forum, and Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation.
Tromelin has facilities for scientific expeditions and a weather station.
Not to be confused with the Despotate of Epirus.
In the 2006 New Zealand census, 58,008 self-identified as being of ethnic Cook Islands Māori descent.
Several languages are in use, including English, Malay, and various Chinese dialects, while Buddhism is the primary religion, practised by three-quarters of the population.
The colony was meant to protect Spanish in the region from interference by the Dutch base in the south of Taiwan.
A smaller proportion of the population is descended from Japanese and Filipino settlers.
The Rozvi Empire was established on the Zimbabwean Plateau by Changamire Dombo.
Barre's administration would rule Somalia for the following 21 years, until the outbreak of the civil war in 1991.
The country was a one-party state and dictatorship, run by Mobutu Sese Seko and his ruling Popular Movement of the Revolution party.
It was formed on June 8, 1918, after the Czech Legion had occupied the city.
It originated in the 7th century as a duchy of Francia, ultimately a recreation of the Roman provinces of Aquitania Prima and Secunda.
In the history of France, the First Republic, officially the French Republic, was founded on 21 September 1792 during the French Revolution.
In 1807, with the Treaties of Tilsit the area was annexed to the Kingdom of Westphalia, but in 1814 the Congress of Vienna restored the electorate.
Its ruling family was the House of Fürstenberg.
Siegfried's descendants increased their territory through marriage, war and vassal relations.
Its territory included areas now in modern Inner Mongolia, Hebei, Shanxi and Shaanxi provinces.
The town's most popular festival is the "Rutenfest" in mid year.
The Danava dynasty consisted of Kirata chiefs; the last of whom, Ghatakasura, was killed and replaced by another mythical king Narakasura of the Naraka dynasty.
In 1832, the Vietnamese emperor Minh Mạng annexed the remaining Cham territories.
It lies in the Ortenaukreis, between the Black Forest and the Rhine.
The Supreme Eurasian Economic Council is the "Supreme Body" of the Union, consisting of the Heads of the Member States.
The Kingdom of Ayutthaya was a Siamese kingdom that existed from 1351 to 1767.
Urartu was established in 860 BC and by the 6th century BC it was replaced by the Satrapy of Armenia.
Rather, he was making a political statement in opposition to the monarchist and centralist ideas that back then permeated Buenos Aires politics.
With the early dynasties, and for much of Egypt's history thereafter, the country came to be known as the Two Lands.
It was established by the Armenian Revolutionary Federation forces under command of Garegin Nzhdeh, following the suppression of the February Uprising in April 1921.
Its chronicle, entered in the Lorscher Codex compiled in the 1170s is a fundamental document for early medieval German history.
The earliest reference to the Magadha people occurs in the Atharvaveda, where they are found listed along with the Angas, Gandharis and Mujavats.
Marinid and Saadi dynasties continued the struggle against foreign domination, and Morocco remained the only North African country to avoid Ottoman occupation.
The dynasty was established by Pushyamitra Shunga, after the fall of the Maurya Empire.
This enterprise was later relocated to Strahan, on Tasmania's west coast.
The kingdom was named after a place called Haleri near Madikeri which they made as their capital.
The prefect asked for details on the mysterious republic, which Pourchet made up on the spot.
As a result, a French expeditionary force occupied Antananarivo in September 1895 and imprisoned the queen and prime minister.
Saint Kitts and Nevis were among the first islands in the Caribbean to be settled by Europeans.
On 1 January 1956, Egypt and Britain ceded Sudan its independence.
Following this period, a period of weak emperors, conflicts and disunity began in Mali.
The Sfatul Țării was its legislative body, while the "Council of Directors General", renamed the "Council of Ministers" after the Declaration of Independence, was its government.
The cultural flowering of Nuremberg, in the 15th and 16th centuries, made it the center of the German Renaissance.
Under Hitler's rule, Germany was transformed into a totalitarian state in which the Nazi Party controlled nearly all aspects of life.
It is supported only by Vanuatu and is claimed and occupied by Indonesia.
Tengen is a town in the district of Konstanz, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
The Colony of Singapore was a British Crown colony that existed from 1946 until 1963, when Singapore became part of Malaysia.
Turkmenistan was ruled by President for Life Saparmurat Niyazov until his death in 2006.
While the treaty states that the claims are not affected by the treaty, only the other countries with claims recognize Norwegian sovereignty on the island.
Such a separate state was provided for by the Federal constitutional assembly of November 1824, but there was sizable opposition to the separation in Guatemala City.
Koch Bihar became a princely state during British rule and was absorbed after Indian independence.
The capital, Roseau, is located on the leeward side of the island.
The capital city of Baghdad became a center of science, culture, philosophy and invention during the Golden Age of Islam.
Although it recovered its independence after his death in 1063, Gwent was the first of the Welsh kingdoms to be overrun following the Norman conquest.
With around 7.2 million Hongkongers of various nationalities, Hong Kong is the world's fourth most densely populated country or territory.
And a separate meeting is set for leaders of 2 ASEAN Dialogue Partners namely Australia and New Zealand.
He was succeeded by Jean-Pierre Boyer, who reunited the two parts of the nation after the deaths of Henry I and his son in 1820.
Panchala was an ancient kingdom of northern India, located in the Ganges-Yamuna Doab of the upper Gangetic plain.
Lacking any viable heir, the Empire's political leaders saw no reason to defend the monarchy.
This portion of the former Baden was declared in its 1947 constitution to be the true successor of the old Baden.
It followed the Đinh dynasty, and was succeeded by the Lý dynasty.
The republic's southern and western boundary with Mexico continued to be disputed throughout the republic's existence.
The castle of Stolberg was first mentioned in 1210 as Stalberg, then the seat of one count Henry originally from nearby Voigtstedt.
However, this was after an epidemic of plague in the late 1840s, and Mordechai Abir estimates the population before that calamity to have been around 100,000.
The political division existed for 28 years, between 1674 and 1702.
An individual from Ulaid was known in Irish as an Ultach, variant spellings being Ultagh and Ultaigh.
Oman has modest oil reserves, ranking 25th globally.
Much of the rest of the country's land is fertile soil.
In 1636, Shah Jahan forced the Qutb Shahis to recognize Mughal suzerainty, which lasted until 1687 when the Mughal emperor Aurangzeb conquered the Golcondan sultanate.
It existed from September 9, 1945 until November 6, 1945.
Croatia entered a personal union with Hungary in 1102.
Jordan is strategically located at the crossroads of Asia, Africa and Europe.
Franco's regime evolved into a more classic autocratic regime.
It reached its Golden Age during the reign of Sultan Baabullah and encompassed most of the eastern part of Indonesia and a part of southern Philippines.
The transitional process was part of the UN-backed Gulf Cooperation Council Initiative known as National Dialogue Conference.
Italy was enraged with the minimal gains that she received from peace negotiations, which she regarded as having violated the Treaty of London.
While Serbia recognises administration of the territory by Kosovo's elected government, it continues to claim it as its own Autonomous Province of Kosovo and Metohija.
As of 2007 the monastery has 30 sisters, the abbess is Johanna Mayer.
Brussels, hosts several of the EU's official seats as well as the headquarters of many major international organizations such as NATO.
Bhutan is also notable for pioneering the concept of gross national happiness.
He had been on the run for six years after the Umayyads had lost the position of caliph in Damascus in 750 to the Abbasids.
After the Napoleonic Wars came to an end Overijssel was recreated as one of the provinces of United Kingdom of the Netherlands.
Louisiana was duly transferred to France on 15 October 1802, after the signing of the Treaty of Aranjuez.
Liu Yao was captured and executed, and his sons were as well, a year later.
Both duchies were merged in 1623 and subjected to Counter-Reformation.
The Commission's report was published in October 1933.
Liberia , officially the Republic of Liberia, is a country on the West African coast.
Then, on 1 January 1907, it joined the Straits Settlements and had been administered from Singapore, the capital of the Straits Settlements.
As the world's 8th largest trading entity, its legal tender, the Hong Kong dollar, is the world's 13th most traded currency.
This includes Lisbon, before Sigurd and his Norwegian force headed for the Middle East to aid Baldwin I in establishing the Kingdom of Jerusalem.
The Far Eastern Republic occupied the territory of modern Zabaykalsky Krai, Amur Oblast, Jewish Autonomous Oblast, Khabarovsk Krai, and Primorsky Krai of Russia.
This massacre was stopped by a Brahmin named Astika, whose mother was a Naga.
The authority is based in Al-Fashir in North Darfur.
The Norse referred to the kingdom as Dyflin, which is derived from Irish Dubh Linn, meaning 'black pool'.
The empire it established was short-lived but greatly influential on later Chinese history.
For the article on the extinct aristocratic family from Bohemia, see House of Wartenberg.
The sons of their leader, Cunedda, were said to have possessed the land between the rivers Dee and Teifi.
In December 2012, UN Secretariat communications replaced this by the term State of Palestine.
For many years the islands were governed indirectly through Bermuda, the Bahamas, and Jamaica.
The colony was established in 1884 in part of what was then the Slave Coast and was gradually extended inland.
It later annexed the Novgorod Republic in 1478 and the Grand Duchy of Tver in 1485.
The Northern Song census recorded a population of roughly 50 million, much like the Han and Tang dynasties.
The country is also nicknamed "The Warm Heart of Africa".
Archaic Greece had a huge influence on their art and architecture, and Greek mythology was evidently very familiar to them.
The Malagasy ethnic group is often divided into 18 or more sub-groups of which the largest are the Merina of the central highlands.
He soon aligned Dahomey with the Soviet Union.
British rule was disrupted during the Japanese occupation of much of the country during the Second World War.
Its name was derived from the place it was based in — the Jiangnan region, which was also historically known as "Wu".
Hussain Hotak became the last ruler until he was also defeated in 1738.
The state was formed on 4 April 1919 after the reigning princes of the two Reuss principalities abdicated and elections were held in both states.
The Masmughans of Damavand were a local dynasty, which ruled Damavand and its surrounding areas from ca.
The Akkadian Empire exercised influence across Mesopotamia, the Levant, and Anatolia, sending military expeditions as far south as Dilmun and Magan in the Arabian Peninsula.
It has its headquarters in Rockville, Maryland, United States.
In contrast to most Latin American nations, Paraguay's indigenous language and culture, Guaraní, remains highly influential.
The Principality of Minsk was an appanage principality of the Duchy of Polotsk and centered on the city of Minsk.
An agreement could only be reached in 1299, upon which the Germiyan Dynasty also entered into possession of Ankara.
The UAE's oil reserves are the seventh-largest in the world while its natural gas reserves are the world's seventeenth-largest.
But many aspects of life for ordinary Egyptians changed relatively little.
The empire was the largest to have ever existed in the Indian subcontinent, spanning over 5 million square kilometres at its zenith under Ashoka.
The Sisserou parrot, also known as the imperial amazon and found only on Dominica, is the island's national bird and featured on the national flag.
They signed a treaty with the native Carib Indians in 1660.
The Avar Khanate, a long-lived Muslim state, controlled Western Dagestan from the early 13th century to the 19th century.
He was overthrown in 1990 by his general Idriss Déby.
It was one of the four republics to sign the treaty establishing the Soviet Union in 1922.
It covered an area in the Scheldt and Meuse delta roughly corresponding to the modern Dutch province of Zeeland.
These territories, centered on the city of Parma, were given as a fief for Pope Paul III's illegitimate son, Pier Luigi Farnese.
The Qing multi-cultural empire lasted almost three centuries and formed the territorial base for the modern Chinese state.
By the 13th century, they governed most of present-day Karnataka, minor parts of Tamil Nadu and parts of western Andhra Pradesh and Telangana in Deccan India.
He renamed the main island "Island of Refreshment", Inaccessible Island "Pintard Island" and Nightingale Island "Lovel Island".
Combined with effective strategy, they fashioned an empire that stretched from central Ghana to the present-day Ivory Coast.
He is an elected monarch chosen from the hereditary rulers of the nine Malay states every five years.
Greece is strategically located at the crossroads of Europe, Asia, and Africa.
This article covers the history of the Philippines following the 1986 People Power Revolution known as the contemporary history of the Philippines.
Siam was severely depopulated from the history of warfare with the Burmese in the 18th century, and the destruction of Ayutthaya in 1767.
The League has served as a platform for the drafting and conclusion of many landmark documents promoting economic integration.
On April 25, 1919, a violent protest organized by Talysh workers of pro-Bolshevik orientation exploded in Lankaran and deposed the Mughan Territorial Administration.
From 1947 to 1965, the state was known as the Romanian People's Republic.
After Srivijaya fell, it was largely forgotten.
On September 28th, 1821, Lucio Norberto Mansilla was elected Governor of the Province of Entre Rios, and the Republic was subsequently dissolved.
A representative Leeward Islands cricket team continues to participate in West Indian domestic cricket.
Nepal hosts the permanent secretariat of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation, of which it is a founding member.
On October 23, 1835, after the repeal of the Constitution of 1824, the Federal Republic was changed to a Centralist Republic.
Established by King Charles I of Spain in 1528.
It is the first state reported to be "extinguished"  during the Spring and Autumn period.
The Free State of Bottleneck was a short-lived quasi-state that existed from 10 January 1919 until 25 February 1923.
In 1870–1871, the south German states of Baden, Hesse-Darmstadt, Württemberg and Bavaria joined the country.
Mariangela died in 1934, leaving the "kingdom" to Italy.
Jiaozhou was romanized as Kiaochow, Kiauchau or Kiao-Chau in English and as Kiautschou or Kiaochau in German.
Today, Austria is a parliamentary representative democracy comprising nine federal states.
The importance of the territory is reflected in the Latin title of Polish kings: nec non terrarum Cracovie, Sandomirrie, Lancicie, Cuyavie, Syradziensis dux.
The Kingdom of Sukhothai was an early kingdom in the area around the city Sukhothai, in north central Thailand.
The County of Santa Fiora, also known as State of Santa Fiora was a small historical state of southern Tuscany, in central Italy.
The Seventeen Provinces formed the core of the Habsburg Netherlands which passed to the Spanish Habsburgs upon the abdication of Emperor Charles V in 1556.
In 1566 Ivan IV the Terrible took the principality during the Livonian War.
This arrangement lasted until 1937, when Burma began to be administered separately by the Burma Office under the Secretary of State for India and Burma.
West Pakistan adopted the stance that West Pakistan was the true Pakistan, with East Pakistan as a provincial dominion.
The still extant Diocese of Osnabrück, erected in 772, is the oldest see founded by Charlemagne, in order to Christianize the conquered stem-duchy of Saxony.
Dietrich Klagges, the Minister-President of Braunschweig, was proposed by Nazi leader Alfred Rosenberg as its Reichskommissar.
It was formed on 1 June 1922 as the Oyrot Autonomous Region and became the Gorno-Altai Autonomous Oblast on 7 January 1948.
The term may also refer to the Mughal Empire.
Hawaii became a republic until the United States annexed it in 1898.
At the same time, Tibet was also a British Protectorate.
Shan State borders China to the north, Laos to the east, and Thailand to the south, and five administrative divisions of Burma in the west.
A civic guard, composed of mounted hunters and artillery, was formed.
Its territories covered the present day Kutch region of Gujarat north of the Gulf of Kutch.
The region was roughly analogous to modern day Bumthang District.
Social tensions erupted in the 1994 genocide, in which Hutu extremists killed an estimated 500,000 to 1.3 million Tutsi and moderate Hutu.
King Djoser's architect, Imhotep is credited with the development of building with stone and with the conception of the new architectural form—the Step Pyramid.
By a particular agreement, neither Austria-Hungary nor Italy would change the status quo in the Balkans without previous consultation.
In 1717, his estate was partitioned into the state of Schönborn-Wiesentheid and the territory of Schönborn-Heusenstamm.
The rulers of the region were known by their titles of “ikhshid” and “dehqan”.
After the German invasion of Poland in 1939, the Nazis abolished the Free City and incorporated the area into the newly formed Reichsgau of Danzig-West Prussia.
China is a recognized nuclear weapons state and has the world's largest standing army, with the second-largest defence budget.
In 1806 Alexandre Pétion became the president of the southern Republic of Haiti and ruled for several years.
Most of the remaining funding is spent on housing programs.
He was very successful at keeping foreign naval ships, particularly of the Portuguese and British, at bay.
The Dzungars were in turn expelled by the expedition forces of the Qing dynasty from Tibet in 1720.
The Commonwealth realm of The Gambia was a predecessor to the modern-day republic of The Gambia and an independent state that existed between 1965 and 1970.
It was led by a monarchy of the House of Rashīd.
The Lower duchy was quickly dismantled, while Upper Lorraine came to be known as simply the Duchy of Lorraine.
This region is now the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China.
The Senate then appointed the first of the Five Good Emperors.
That area today includes parts of Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, and northwest China.
During this period, the country was considered a client state of the First French Empire.
On 16 January 1922 the region was detached from the Mountain ASSR and the Kabardino-Balkar Autonomous Oblast on 1 September 1921.
A dependent territory of New Zealand, it is sometimes referred to by its older colonial name, the Union Islands.
Nowadays Vogtland also serves as a common colloquial abbreviation for Vogtlandkreis.
At its peak, it stretched over the islands that bordered the western peninsula of Mindanao in the east to Palawan in the north.
Peace processes have thus far failed to break the political deadlock.
Garhwal Kingdom, was a princely state in north-western Uttarakhand, India, ruled by a Garhwali Rajput dynasty.
Southern Han, originally Great Yue, was one of the ten kingdoms that existed during the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period.
The German colonial empire constituted the overseas colonies, dependencies and territories of the German Empire.
Most parts of the monastery had to be rebuilt in 1369 following a disastrous fire caused by lightning.
Human settlement of Madagascar occurred between 350 BC and AD 550 by Austronesian peoples arriving on outrigger canoes from Borneo.
Venezuela is a full member but has been suspended since December 1, 2016.
It was the location of al-Khwārizmī's determination of a degree during the reign of the caliph al-Mamun.
Some historians refer to the coronation of Charlemagne as the origin of the empire, while others prefer the coronation of Otto I as its beginning.
Upon the formation of the European Union in 1993, the EEC was incorporated and renamed as the European Community.
Upon reunification, Haitian president Jean-Pierre Boyer divided the island into six departments, that was subdivided into arrondissements and communes.
The original chief city of this county before it expanded was Borgloon, originally just called Loon, now in the southern part of modern Limburg.
The Principality of Aschaffenburg was a principality of the Holy Roman Empire and the Confederation of the Rhine from 1803–10.
Its government went into exile on 1 April 1939, when the last of the Republican forces surrendered to the rebel nacionales, ending the Spanish Civil War.
Nevertheless, in 1809, Finland was incorporated into the Russian Empire as the autonomous Grand Duchy of Finland.
After Hanthawaddy's invasion of Upper Burma failed in 1754, the kingdom came unglued.
Formerly an emirate, Bahrain was declared a Kingdom in 2002.
Following the abolition of the monarchy, a presidential election was held, which Nkrumah won, and subsequently he became the first President of Ghana.
The library survives in the Württemberg State Library, but the church treasure was melted down in the Ludwigsburg mint.
Its northern boundary remained relatively stable, straddling contemporary Southern Maharashtra and Northern Karnataka.
The second city of the prince-bishopric thus kept its status aparte throughout the ancien régime.
Piedmont was the main part of the Kingdom of Sardinia which, despite its name, had its core on the mainland.
The colony and protectorate were incorporated into Southern Nigeria in February 1906, and Lagos became the capital of the protectorate of Nigeria in January 1914.
The major Christian and Muslim holidays are officially public holidays in the country, including Christmas, Easter, Eid Al Fitr and Eid Al Adha.
The designation of "the Bahamas" can refer either to the country or to the larger island chain that it shares with the Turks and Caicos Islands.
Over 1.4 million people live in the Greater Helsinki metropolitan area, which produces a third of the country's GDP.
Mozambique, according to official policy, was not a colony at all but rather a part of the "pluricontinental and multiracial nation" of Portugal.
The Duchy of Lucca was a small Italian state existing from 1815 to 1847.
Libya was an early centre of Christianity.
The Azerbaijan People's Government was a short-lived government in northern Iran from November 1945 to December 1946.
Three historical currents were at work during this period.
Great Moravia was thus the first joint state of the Slavonic tribes that became later known as Czechs and Slovaks and that later formed Czechoslovakia.
The more famous Travancore Royal Family a close cousin dynasty of the Kolathiri Family.
Shipwrecked Portuguese mariners are now thought to have been responsible for the 1543 inscription on Portuguese Rock.
It contains two de facto independent regions, Abkhazia and South Ossetia, which gained very limited international recognition after the 2008 Russo-Georgian War.
At the point of its demise, the Italian Social Republic had existed for slightly more than nineteen months.
Saxe-Römhild was an Ernestine duchy in the southern foothills of the Thuringian Forest.
The TSRA is part of the Territory Coalition, which is trying to gain official Territory status for the Torres Strait Islands.
Its core territory was the land along the lower Zarafshan River, and its urban centres were the ancient cities of Samarkand and the emirate's capital, Bukhara.
The Pyu at Sri Ksetra declined in prominence around the ninth century AD.
The Carnation Revolution in 1974 ended the Estado Novo dictatorship in Portugal and initiated a process of decolonization of the Portuguese colonies in Africa.
Cutch, also spelled Kutch or Kachchh, was a relatively large Indian princely state during the British Raj.
The Kakuyids were a Daylamite dynasty that held power in western Persia, Jibal and Persian Iraq.
The Shun dynasty ended with Li's death in 1645.
Throughout its existence, the Confederation waged war against the parliamentarians.
Puskalavati, Takshasila and Purushapura were cities in this Gandhara kingdom.
From the 13th century until its fall in 1487, the Karamanid dynasty was one of the most powerful Turkish beyliks in Anatolia.
The state was founded around 1727 by a Fulani jihad and became part of the French Third Republic's colonial empire in 1896.
The name Zanzibar is derived from the Persian zang-bâr signifying "black coast".
Sumedang Larang was an Islamic Kingdom in western Java.
Power in the colony was restored to the Baltimore family in 1715 when Charles Calvert, 5th Baron Baltimore, insisted in public that he was a Protestant.
The Han Zhao, or Former Zhao, or Northern Han, was a Southern Xiongnu state during Sixteen Kingdoms period coeval with the Chinese Jin Dynasty.
That treaty ended the three-year Irish War of Independence between the forces of the self-proclaimed Irish Republic, the Irish Republican Army, and British Crown forces.
On 31 August 1918, the General Command was established under General Mikhail Vasilyevich Alekseyev.
Bulgaria was part of Comecon, a member of the Warsaw Pact and closely allied with the Soviet Union during the Cold War.
Nri expanded through converts gaining neighboring communities' allegiance, not by force.
New Caledonia is a special collectivity of France located in the southwest Pacific Ocean, 1,210 km east of Australia and 16,136 km east of Metropolitan France.
One fragment, at present-day Taiyuan, Shanxi was soon overwhelmed in 386 by the Xianbei under the Later Yan and the Dingling.
The main reason for starting a colony here was that it lay strategically between the Dutch colonies in the south and New Netherland.
From 1378, the seat of the Principality was in Celle.
The republic, declared on 10 November 1918, intended to liberate Poles from Prussia and the German Empire.
Mexico-Tenochtitlan, commonly known as Tenochtitlan, was a Mexica city-state on an island in Lake Texcoco in the Valley of Mexico.
In the middle of the first millennium BCE, Gautama Buddha, the founder of Buddhism, was born in southern Nepal.
Portuguese presence in the island lasted from 1505 to 1658.
The capital and the largest city is Hargeisa, with the population of around 1,500,000 residents.
Ancient Roman civilisation has contributed to modern government, law, politics, engineering, art, literature, architecture, technology, warfare, religion, language, and society.
The gently-sloping coastal plain wide) has natural freshwater springs as well as non-potable volcanic hot springs, especially along the western coast.
Greece's rich historical legacy is reflected by its 18 UNESCO World Heritage Sites, among the most in Europe and the world.
The area was explored by Vasco da Gama in 1498 and colonised by Portugal in 1505.
Members of the Dáil were required to take an Oath of Allegiance, swearing fidelity to the king.
Argentina retains its historic status as a middle power in international affairs, and is a prominent regional power in the Southern Cone and Latin America.
The IMF agreement set off a massive strike of students and staff, requiring the payment of their salaries and their scholarships.
He is the head of the judiciary of the Bailiwick.
Raetia Curiensis was an Early medieval province in Central Europe named after the Roman province of Raetia.
Armenia supports the de facto independent Republic of Artsakh, which was proclaimed in 1991.
From early 1917, the War Cabinet was superseded by the Imperial War Cabinet, which had Dominion representation.
Anga was annexed by Magadha in the 6th century BCE.
While the Vichy government was nominally in charge of all of France, the military administration in the occupied zone was a de facto Nazi dictatorship.
The Japanese Empire occupied the Dutch East Indies, now Indonesia, during World War II from March 1942 until after the end of the War in 1945.
Kazakhstan is the dominant nation of Central Asia economically, generating 60% of the region's GDP, primarily through its oil/gas industry.
The general Jean-Pierre Boyer was named the successor to Alexandre Pétion in the southern Republic of Haiti.
Buchay Abbey had a small territorial base and in 1625 the lordship of Strassberg also became part of the Abbey.
The flag of Unterwalden in the 14th and 15th centuries was divided horizontally into equal parts red over white, identical with the flag of Solothurn.
Georgia and the overwhelming majority of the international community consider the regions to be part of Georgia's sovereign territory under Russian military occupation.
This was eventually disestablished on November 16 when the Polish Liquidation Committee took control of Galicia.
It was a sister kingdom of Sine.
Although never recognised as a self-governing state, it voted itself a Constitution in 1843.
Consequently, Spanish chroniclers were able to record accounts of Chimú culture from individuals who had lived before the Inca conquest.
Brycheiniog was a independent kingdom in South Wales once ruled by the Tamblyn family in the Early Middle Ages.
It was one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea, together with Goguryeo and Silla.
The Kingdom of Slavonia was a province of the Habsburg Monarchy and the Austrian Empire that existed from 1699 to 1868.
The Czech country lost the majority of its German-speaking inhabitants after they were expelled following the war.
Its capital is Kingstown, also its main port.
The population is 91,583 and 98.000 as of July 2016.
It was established in Upper Silesia about 1281 during the division of the Duchy of Opole and Racibórz among the sons of Duke Władysław Opolski.
Finally it was annihilated by King Kang of Song in 297 BC.
The period was brought to a close by the creation of the Kingdom of Ireland in 1542.
It was established according to the decision of the first All-Buryat congress on 25 April 1917.
Greenland expects to grow its economy based on increased income from the extraction of natural resources.
They promulgate the main constitutional reforms that limit the power of the president and give more power to the Congress.
This denomination was translated into Esperanto as "Miloj" on later stamp issues.
The Jinsha site was accidentally discovered in February 2001 during real estate construction.
The formal name of the entire Savoyard state was the "States of His Majesty the King of Sardinia".
Under the new constitution the Irish state was named Ireland.
Elizabeth II visited Mauritius 24–26 March 1972 in her capacity as Queen of Mauritius.
He named it the Congo Free State.
Later that year, southern autonomy was restored when an Autonomous Government of Southern Sudan was formed.
Trinidad and Tobago was a Commonwealth realm between 31 August 1962 and 1 August 1976, before it became a republic.
They led public works and their monuments are a visible legacy.
Due to its shape, it is often referred to in Italy as lo Stivale.
The plan was accepted by the Jewish Agency for Palestine, and rejected by Arab leaders.
Mount Athos is a mountain and peninsula in northeastern Greece and an important centre of Eastern Orthodox monasticism.
Russian control was decisively confirmed with Iran by the Treaty of Turkmenchay of 1828.
The Taifa of Tortosa was a medieval taifa kingdom which existed for two separate periods: from 1010 to 1060 and from 1081 to 1099.
It was founded by the Yuan prince Gunashiri, a descendant of Chagatai Khan, in the late 14th century, and ruled by the Chagatayids thereafter until 1463.
In 1385, during the Battle of Savra, the Ottomans captured Berat from Balša II, together with Kroje and Ulcinj.
However, since 2013, following more than 20 years of peace, a renewed insurgency by RENAMO has been occurring.
Molossia was established as a childhood project in 1977, and evolved into a territorial entity in the late 1990s.
With the end of the prince-bishopric also the future of the diocese became unclear.
Throughout its history, it was ruled by the House of Savoy and formed a part of the larger Savoyard state.
In 1815 it was absorbed into the Grand Duchy of Tuscany.
The state has no income tax, low business taxes, and is well known for being a tax haven.
The 1997 coup placed power solely in the hands of Prime Minister Hun Sen and the Cambodian People's Party, who remain in power as of 2017.
The Hùng king was the absolute monarch of the country and, at least in theory, wielded complete control of the land and its resources.
In effect, the shikken governed in the name of the shoguns.
From there he began conquering Ghazni followed by Kabul.
A war with Eumenes III resulted in the creation of Roman province of Asia over much of the territory.
The dynasty officially began in 1428 with the coronation of Lê Lợi after he drove the Ming army from Vietnam.
Burgau is a town in the district of Günzburg in Swabia, Bavaria.
Between 1035 and 1814, the Faeroes were part of the Hereditary Kingdom of Norway.
In December 1989 the ruling Communist Party allowed multi-party elections, which subsequently led to Bulgaria's transition into a democracy and a market-based economy.
However, with the ascent of the Hittite empire, Mitanni and Egypt made an alliance to protect their mutual interests from the threat of Hittite domination.
The Duchy of Greater Poland was a historical Polish province established in 1138 according to the Testament of Bolesław III Krzywousty.
The boundaries and identity of the present Spanish Autonomous Community of Valencia are essentially those of the former Kingdom of Valencia.
However, formally it is not sovereign, with sovereignty being held by the Holy See.
In 2010 the Central Bank of Cyprus has produced 2 more commemorative euro coin in gold and silver.
The first settlement of the Plymouth Colony was at New Plymouth, a location previously surveyed and named by Captain John Smith.
The de facto political amalgamation was also called the Indian Empire and after 1876 issued passports under that name.
The Provisional Government of Hawaii, abbreviated "P.G.
Unlike these neighbours, the Middle Saxons did not manage to create a lasting kingdom of their own.
In 2014, Transparency International's Corruption Perceptions Index ranked Barbados joint second in the Americas and joint 17th globally.
By late 1920, the nation was conquered by the Soviet Red Army.
Chalco was designated a corregimiento by 1533.
After the First Partition of Poland in 1772, the Kingdom of Prussia secularised the prince-bishopric as a state.
This policy endured until the fall of the Qing dynasty in 1911 AD.
The royal family is said to be originally a branch of the Kolattiri, descended from a princess of that family who converted to Islam.
The Islamic invasion led to the end of Pandyan supremacy in South India.
In 1970, President General Yahya Khan enacted a series of territorial, constitutional and military reforms.
The Emirate of Córdoba was an independent emirate in the Iberian Peninsula between 756 and 929 with Córdoba as its capital.
In the 20th century, Nepal ended its isolation and forged strong ties with regional powers.
Chūzan was one of three kingdoms which controlled Okinawa in the 14th century.
The President remained the head of state but its powers and control of the government were reduced.
Its name is derived from the Arabic word for "throne" and refers to a golden throne that was viewed as a symbol of royal authority.
The Brak ruled with a kind of legislature, the Seb Ak Baor, over a complicated hierarchy of officials and dignitaries.
From 1551 to 1700, Russia grew 35,000 km2 per year.
Appointed officials in county and provincial centers relied upon the scholarly gentry for their services, sponsorship, and local supervision.
As Duke Philip, he became the founder of the House of Bourbon-Parma reigning over the Duchy of Parma, Piacenza and Guastalla.
Elizabeth II visited Sierra Leone from November to December 1961; shortly after independence, in her capacity of Queen of Sierra Leone.
Despite the declared objective of transition to a market economy, its government continues to maintain economic controls which imports in favour of domestic "import substitution".
The Dutch occupied the São Tomé island in 1641, until 1648 when the Portuguese took back the island.
Delprat attended the first Australian conference of micronation leaders on Dangar Island in 2010, which was sponsored by Maquarie University.
The division between the northern and southern governments became complete in 1712, but both colonies remained in the hands of the same group of proprietors.
He was permitted to resume his banking practices unhindered.
Michaelsberg Abbey is a former monastery of the Benedictine Order, belonging to the Subiaco Congregation.
The immigrants had not been allowed to buy or rent land and had been threatened with expulsion from California because they had entered without official permission.
The capital city of the Philippines is Manila and the most populous city is Quezon City, both part of Metro Manila.
The municipality of São Gabriel da Cachoeira, in Cabeça do Cachorro, is the first in Brazil to adopt an Amerindian language, Nheengatu, as co-official with Portuguese.
In 1995 the Order of the Cross of Terra Mariana, a state decoration, was instituted to honor the independence of Estonia.
Mopeli would serve as Chief Minister throughout QwaQwa's existence.
The misls formed a commonwealth that was described by Antoine Polier as an "aristocratic republic".
Its ancient capital, also called Axum was in northern Ethiopia.
Although it grew in power during the Spring and Autumn period, its aristocratic structure saw it break apart when the duke lost power to his nobles.
Unsuccessful attempts were made to implement reforms and a constitution during the 1960s and 1970s.
These deficits become especially visible when attempting to reconstruct its political history, which, despite its existence of almost 1,000 years, is virtually unknown.
It existed in the region of Marche, with Ancona serving as its capital.
In Japanese it is pronounced Kantō and it is often referred to as Kantō-shū to avoid confusion with the Kantō region surrounding the capital Tokyo.
The organization participated in major actions in Korea and the Congo, as well as approving the creation of the state of Israel in 1947.
During the decades of the Constantinian and Valentinian dynasties, the Empire was divided along an east–west axis, with dual power centers in Constantinople and Rome.
The capital was moved from Saigon to Hanoi in 1902 and again to Da Lat in 1939.
The culture of Tell Brak was defined by the different civilizations that inhabited it, and it was famous for its glyptic style, equids and glass.
The Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa is headquartered in Lusaka.
The capital was located in Jinling, located in present-day Nanjing in Jiangsu Province.
The colony was conceived as a private business venture to exploit the North American fur trade.
The Territory of Papua comprised the southeastern quarter of the island of New Guinea from 1883 to 1975.
During the war, the Ottoman government committed genocides against its Armenian, Assyrian and Pontic Greek citizens.
The Pacific Pumas are a political and economic grouping of countries along Latin America’s Pacific coast that includes Chile, Colombia, Mexico and Peru.
Five-sixths of Ireland seceded from the UK in 1922, leaving the present formulation of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
They were generally but intermittently the allies and clients of the Sassanian Empire, and participant in the Roman–Persian wars.
In the 12th century the kingdom of Ailech split into two sovereign territories and Cenél Conaill became Tír Chonaill under the Ó Domhnaill clan.
In 2001 that was changed to the current jurisdiction.
The imperial Yuwen clan, including the young Emperor Jing, was subsequently slaughtered by Yang Jian.
As a group they are still commonly called the Dutch Caribbean, regardless of their legal status.
The corresponding portion within Spain became part of the Basque Kingdom of Navarre.
In February 1948, the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia seized full power in a coup d'état.
The Ahoms called their kingdom Mong Dun Shun Kham, while others called it Assam.
The islands have been classified as nature reserves.
The empire enjoyed relations with the Srivijaya Empire, the Tibetan Empire and the Arab Abbasid Caliphate.
Large numbers of Cameroonians live as subsistence farmers, however.
The National Party imposed the apartheid system in 1948, institutionalising previous racial segregation.
Belarus is the only European country to retain capital punishment in both law and practice.
The real value of salaries and wages collapsed by 90% in less than a decade.
The Parthian Empire, also known as the Arsacid Empire, was a major Iranian political and cultural power in ancient Iran and Iraq.
At one point they included all of what is now Kenya as well as the Zanzibar Archipelago of the Swahili Coast.
There is no king-list and historians are not sure how they arose or what language they spoke.
After the collapse of the Holy Roman Empire, the German Confederation was formed in 1815.
Taqali was a state in the Nuba Hills, in modern-day central Sudan.
Its capital was at Lamphun, which at the time was also called Hariphunchai.
Its population of around 512,000 is mostly of mixed European and sub-Saharan African heritage, and predominantly Roman Catholic, reflecting the legacy of Portuguese rule.
East Pakistan was the eastern provincial wing of Pakistan between 1955 and 1971, covering the territory of the People’s Republic of Bangladesh.
The resulting clash with police soon grew into civil unrest.
Both parts are today associated again in the Tyrol–South Tyrol–Trentino Euroregion.
This is emphasised by the three official languages, Luxembourgish, French, and German.
The Harz Narrow Gauge Railways are maintained today by local authorities and frequented primarily by tourists.
Its area is 10,689 square kilometres with a population of 1,882,450 at the April 2013 census.
Nation-building took a backseat to war with Imperial Japan when the Imperial Japanese military launched a full-scale invasion of China in 1937.
It was nominally sovereign, but the prince did have to take an oath to the king.
Kérékou said on 28 February to the attention of the Conference: "I accept all the conclusions of your work."
The first lords of Urbino were the House of Montefeltro, who obtained the title of counts from Emperor Frederick II in 1213.
Some were sold to Arab traders from North Africa and transported to Islamic Mediterranean civilizations.
In the words of one scholar, "The Incas lacked the use of wheeled vehicles.
The Dutch, however, did not take Príncipe island.
Roman the Great united the principalities of Halych and Volhynia into a state that existed from 1199 to 1349.
The Galician Soviet Socialist Republic was a self declared and short lived political entity that existed from July 15 to September 21, 1920.
They were also known as the Joint Islamic Courts, Union of Islamic Courts, Supreme Islamic Courts Council or the Supreme Council of Islamic Courts.
Unlike the other Crusader states, the County was landlocked.
In 1203–1204 AD, the Turkic general Bakhtiyar Khilji attacked Nabadwip.
In Canada, institutional bilingualism and strong Francophone identities are arguably the most enduring legacy of New France.
Italy entered into a Triple Alliance with Germany and Austria-Hungary in 1882, following strong disagreements with France about the respective colonial expansions.
Europeans were attracted to the region during the late fifteenth century, primarily in pursuit of the then rare commodity, black pepper.
It lay to the east of its neighbour and rival, Magadha, and was separated from it by the river Champa.
The Kingdom of Lithuania was a Lithuanian monarchy which existed from 1251 to roughly 1263.
The Union possessed many features unique among contemporary states.
Mpu Sedah's Kakawin Bharatayuddha, Mpu Panuluh's Gatotkacasraya, and Mpu Dharmaja's Smaradhana blossomed in this era.
Eventually, the area was conquered by Qin after the conquest of Chu by Qin.
During the 18th century it had a major say in many international affairs under the reign of Frederick the Great.
Their ceramics are all black, and their work in precious metals is very detailed and intricate.
The Chấn line was the fourth dynasty of Hùng kings of the Hồng Bàng period of Văn Lang.
In the 19th century there was a surge of nationalist movements, which were defeated in the 1864 Second Schleswig War.
Cameroon experiences relatively high political and social stability.
Pedro I's successor in Brazil was his five-year-old son, Pedro II.
Djibouti is a multi-ethnic nation with a population of over 912,000 inhabitants.
Since 15th century, Labuan was part of Brunei and the island became the shelter for the ships from storms and pirate attacks.
The Burmese rule gradually withdrew but then resumed as the new Konbaung Dynasty expanded its influence.
The country is one of the five recognized nuclear weapons states and possesses the largest stockpile of weapons of mass destruction.
Dar es Salaam, the former capital, retains most government offices and is the country's largest city, principal port, and leading commercial centre.
The Duchy of Normandy grew out of the 911 Treaty of Saint-Clair-sur-Epte between King Charles III of West Francia and Rollo, leader of the Vikings.
In 1910 the entire territory became the Transvaal Province of the Union of South Africa.
The country is a federation of seven emirates, and was established on 2 December 1971.
Mari, was an ancient Semitic city in Syria.
It is well-known for maintaining its sovereignty for nearly 600 years and successfully resisting Mughal expansion in Northeast India.
Riva is a fictional kingdom in David Eddings' The Belgariad.
China is also the world's largest exporter and second-largest importer of goods.
Today, the king of Dagbon's court remains at the city of Yendi.
As of 2005, the island had a population of ten.
Duchy of Jawor was one of the Duchies of Silesia established in 1274 as a subdivision of the Duchy of Legnica.
The UAE's rising international profile has led some analysts to identify it as a regional and middle power.
Monaco joined the Council of Europe in 2004.
Its regime eventually became formally known as the Provisional Military Government of Socialist Ethiopia.
Mughal emperor Humayun attacked Gujarat in 1535 and thereafter Bahadur Shah was killed by the Portuguese while making a deal in 1537.
Yotvingia or Sudovia, Ятвягия) was a region where the Baltic tribe known as Yotvingians lived.
Christiania has been a source of controversy since its creation in a squatted military area in 1971.
Of particular importance were the contributions of Aristotle, tutor to Alexander, whose writings became a keystone of Western philosophy.
Nowadays part of the area of the former Wa States is included in Wa State, an unrecognised state within Burma.
The capital of the kingdom and the center of its political life was Pavia in the modern northern Italian region of Lombardy.
It was led by the Stepan Bandera's faction of OUN.
Northern Cyprus is a semi-presidential, democratic republic with a cultural heritage incorporating various influences and an economy that is dominated by the services sector.
The Eritrean government has dismissed these allegations as politically motivated.
When the Opava branch became extinct in 1464, it fell back to the Bohemian Crown, from 1526 part of the Habsburg Monarchy.
An important event was the establishment of Christianity as state-religion in 869 AD, and the founding of the first Serbian eparchy, the Eparchy of Ras.
The Rhenish Republic was proclaimed at Aachen in October 1923 during the occupation of the Ruhr by troops from France and Belgium.
Khiabani's movement was suppressed militarily in September, 1920.
It has the lowest population density in Central America.
The Queen's position vis-a-vis Uganda was entirely separate from her role in any other country.
After World War II, the Polish People's Republic was established as a satellite state under Soviet influence.
Recreation and tourism were organised via the Strength Through Joy program, and the 1936 Summer Olympics showcased the Third Reich on the international stage.
The Prince Bishopric of Bamberg was established in 1007, to further expand the spread of Christianity in Germany.
Slovenia is a largely secularized country, but its culture and identity have been significantly influenced by Catholicism as well as Lutheranism.
These were originally appointed but seem to be dynastic in the later period.
The buildings of the former abbey now house a conference and training centre for Bavarian Swabia.
The Iron Age name of Samosata, Kummuh, probably gives its name to Commagene.
Thus, it became an established force in trade throughout Southeast Asia and East Asia.
The Carolingian Empire was a large empire in western and central Europe during the early Middle Ages.
The Kingdom of Portugal was a monarchy on the Iberian Peninsula and the predecessor of modern Portugal.
He created a noble class and appointed four princes, eight dukes, 22 counts, 37 barons and 14 chevaliers.
Its economy is the second-largest in Africa, and the 34th-largest in the world.
A draft of a constitution was proposed 1917.
Turki bin Abdullah bin Muhammad's reconquest of Riyadh from Egyptian forces in 1824 is generally regarded as the beginning of the Second Saudi State.
At the height of its power, Bulgaria spread from the Danube Bend to the Black Sea and from the Dnieper River to the Adriatic Sea.
The Taifa of Málaga was an Islamic Moorish taifa kingdom located in what is now southern Spain.
Pattin, was an ancient Luwian Syro-Hittite state at the beginning of the 1st millennium BC.
In the late 13th century, however, the Empire declined under constant invasions by Mongols, Byzantines, Hungarians, and Serbs, as well as internal unrest and revolts.
More recently, the 2014 Ebola outbreak overburdened the weak healthcare infrastructure, leading to more deaths from medical neglect than Ebola itself.
In 1557, Macau was leased to Portugal from Ming China as a trading port.
The pro-Japanese Ganap Party, which saw the Japanese as the saviours of the archipelago, was absorbed into the KALIBAPI.
The islands of Mauritius and Rodrigues form part of the Mascarene Islands, along with nearby Réunion, a French overseas department.
As such, the Yuan was also sometimes referred to as the Empire of the Great Khan.
Several controversies exist regarding the origin of these early Rashtrakutas, their native home and their language.
It was here that mankind first began to read, write, create laws, and live in cities under an organised government—notably Uruk, from which "Iraq" is derived.
The Federal Government of Somalia was established on August 20, 2012, following the end of the interim mandate of the Transitional Federal Government.
After the fall of Napoleon in 1814 the republic was briefly restored between 28 April and 28 July.
The county is bounded to the north by Brecknockshire, east by Monmouthshire, south by the Bristol Channel, and west by Carmarthenshire and Carmarthen Bay.
The formal summit are held in three days.
Albania was declared a monarchy by the Constituent Assembly, and President Ahmet Bej Zogu was declared King Zog I.
Except for two, São Vicente and Pernambuco, they were administrative and economic failures.
It consists of 28 members - Regional and local governments from Italy, Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro and Albania.
The final stage of the triangle was the exportation of cargo of sugar and rum to Denmark.
Its reign started in 1320 in Delhi when Ghazi Malik assumed the throne under the title of Ghiyath al-Din Tughluq.
The Duchy of Brittany was a medieval feudal state that existed between approximately 939 and 1547.
Italian Tripolitania was an Italian colony, located in present-day western Libya, that existed from 1927 to 1934.
By 1848, a year in which many European states had a revolution, the king's popularity had collapsed and he was overthrown.
In the final four centuries of its existence, the duchy was ruled by the House of Liechtenstein.
From circa 1390, the island became a regular Venetian colony as the Kingdom of Negroponte.
Georgia is a unitary, semi-presidential republic, with the government elected through a representative democracy.
The Demak Sultanate was a Javanese Muslim state located on Java's north coast in Indonesia, at the site of the present day city of Demak.
Although belonging to the remaining branches Nassau-Siegen, Nassau-Dillenburg and Orange-Nassau the principality Nassau-Hadamar was not divided; it was provisionally administered by the ruler of Nassau-Dillenburg.
The Akil Dhahar ruled south of Sanaag and some portions of the Bari region.
The total land area of German New Guinea was 249,500 square kilometres.
The ICTY stated that the JNA's campaign in the Dubrovnik region was aimed at securing territory for this entity.
The capital and principal city was Patiala.
The missionary brothers Cyril and Methodius introduced a system of writing and Slavonic liturgy, the latter eventually formally approved by Pope Adrian II.
He left his military post in order to run as a civilian in the presidential election.
The realm was divided under Welsh law, with Madog's nephew Owain Cyfeiliog inheriting the south and his son Gruffydd Maelor I, who inherited the north.
OECD is an official United Nations Observer.
The autonomy was severely curtailed following uprisings in 1830–31 and 1863, as the country became governed by namiestniks, and later divided into guberniya.
The best example of this is Emperor Heraclius, whose father was Armenian and mother Cappadocian.
It covered approximately the area of the modern Thai provinces of Pattani, Yala, Narathiwat and much of the northern part of modern Malaysia.
The Taifa of Santa Maria do Algarve was a medieval taifa kingdom or emirate, in what is now southern Portugal, that existed from 1018 to 1051.
The state was officially a monarchy after the signing of the Laws of the Crown of Zvonimir on 15 March 1941.
Under its One-China Policy the PRC refused diplomatic relations with any country that recognizes the ROC.
After the death of Pulakeshin II, the Eastern Chalukyas became an independent kingdom in the eastern Deccan.
Irsee Abbey, also the Imperial Abbey of Irsee, was a Benedictine abbey located at Irsee near Kaufbeuren in Bavaria.
The leaders of the government came mostly from the Armenian Revolutionary Federation.
On 17 February 2008, Kosovo unilaterally declared its independence from Serbia.
Its capital was Salzburg, while other towns in the duchy included Zell am See and Gastein.
Its population at the 2007 census was 2,002, although many more Rotumans live on mainland Fijian islands, totaling 10,000.
In 1980 Bumbunga began issuing Cinderella stamps portraying members of the British royal family.
The Western Wei followed the disintegration of the Northern Wei, and ruled northern China from 535 to 557.
It is located 15 kilometres east of Basel.
Sudan , ), also known as North Sudan since South Sudan's independence and officially the Republic of the Sudan, is a country in Northern Africa.
The last Royal Governor of Chiloé, Antonio de Quintanilla, depended directly on the central government in Madrid.
The Pala dynasty came to an end when Kamarupa was invaded by the Gaur king Ramapala.
Hence, all institutions created by the occupying powers were considered illegal, and parallel Polish underground institutions were set up in accordance with Polish law.
One of the lines connects the town with the nearby Rhine Falls in Neuhausen am Rheinfall, Europe's largest waterfall, a tourist attraction.
The Ly line was the sixth dynasty of Hùng kings of the Hồng Bàng period of Văn Lang.
The calendar started in 825 with the renovation of the family temple Thirupalkadal Sreekrishnaswamy Temple.
Benin is a tropical nation, highly dependent on agriculture, with substantial employment and income arising from subsistence farming.
It was the largest of what were colloquially referred to as the three Rhodesian protectorates, the other two being Southern Rhodesia and North-Eastern Rhodesia.
Sweden, officially the Kingdom of Sweden, is a Scandinavian country in Northern Europe.
The territory was expanded in 1941 to include the District of Galicia.
The neighbouring island of Petite Martinique is 2½ miles away from Carriacou, and also a part of Grenada.
The occupation of the Gaza Strip by Egypt occurred between 1948 and October 1956 and again from March 1957 to June 1967.
Many marriages were not arranged, women were not required to be virgins at their first marriage, and women had the right to divorce and remarry.
The country contains approximately 340 islands, forming the western chain of the Caroline Islands in Micronesia, and has an area of 466 square kilometers.
Rheinfelden is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, seat of the district of Rheinfelden.
At some point Dao was finally exterminated by Chu although the time at which this occurred is currently unknown.
They left neither artefacts nor monuments, and the only sources of information are scattered mentions in Sangam, Buddhist and Jain literature.
The Yangtze and Yellow Rivers, the third- and sixth-longest in the world, run from the Tibetan Plateau to the densely populated eastern seaboard.
The first European to sight the island was Richard Rowe of the Thomas in 1615.
During the breakup of Yugoslavia, Serbia formed a union with Montenegro which dissolved peacefully in 2006, when Serbia reestablished its independence.
This allowed the Khitan to organize and consolidate their own tribe and entity which led to the beginning of Khitan written history.
Lagos was declared a colony on 5 March 1862.
They are administrated by the Polar Affairs Department of the Norwegian Ministry of Justice and Public Security in Oslo.
The first Europeans to arrive at the coast were the Portuguese in 1471.
The Pala dynasty of Kamarupa kingdom ruled from 900.
The total land area of the territory is 133.73 square miles.
The Saudeleur Dynasty ended with the invasion of Isokelekel, another semi-mythical foreigner, who replaced the Saudeleur rule with the more decentralized nahnmwarki system in existence today.
The period was characterized by an expansion of trade and culture, and saw the construction of masterpieces of al-Andalus architecture.
The Western Chalukya Empire ruled most of the western Deccan, South India, between the 10th and 12th centuries.
There are a primary school, a secondary school, a post office, and hotels, as well as restaurants, banks and shops.
Although the city was rebuilt, the Kong empire had dissipated and the French took control over the area.
Most of its former territory is now divided between Israel and Jordan.
Thus the title of the "Nawab Bahadur of Murshidabad" was officially, constitutionally and legally abolished in 1971.
During this time its sphere of influence reached as far away as the Yucatan Peninsula.
The Duchy of Sieradz was one of the territories created during the period of the fragmentation of Poland.
In line with the change in status from sultanate to kingdom, the Sultan of Egypt, Fuad I, saw his title changed to King.
In 1785, his descendent, Shah Murad, formalized the family's dynastic rule, and the khanate became the Emirate of Bukhara.
The abbey was reichsunmittelbar and belonged to the Lower Rhenish-Westphalian Circle.
The chain of twenty-six atolls stretches from Ihavandhippolhu Atoll in the north to the Addu City in the south.
It was centered on the city of Lucca.
Tristan da Cunha is part of the British overseas territory of Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha.
It became the Republic of Botswana on 30 September 1966.
The Żagań ducal title later passed to Bohemian and French nobility, in 1742 it was annexed by Prussia.
Kingdom of Great or Greater Zhou, was a state established in 1354 by Zhang Shicheng, one of the leaders of the Red Turban Rebellion.
Most of the prince-archbishopric lay rather in the area to the north of the city of Bremen, between the Weser and Elbe rivers.
Rheinfelden is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, seat of the district of Rheinfelden.
Chinese culture flourished and further matured during the Tang era; it is considered the greatest age for Chinese poetry.
In 1988, with the Palestine Liberation Organization intention to declare a Palestinian State, Jordan renounced all territorial claims to the West Bank, including East Jerusalem.
About sixteen ethnic groups inhabit Sierra Leone, each with its own language and customs.
After the war, Croatia became a founding member and a federal constituent of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, a constitutionally socialist state.
The County of Oldenburg was a county of the Holy Roman Empire.
It was governed by the Uzbek branch of the Soviet Communist Party, the only legal political party, from 1925 until 1990.
Though under continuous influence of Norway and Norwegians, Greenland was not formally under the Norwegian crown until 1262.
Libya was involved in the Barbary Wars of the 18th and 19th centuries.
In 1898, following the Spanish–American War, the United States acquired Puerto Rico along with other Spanish colonies under the terms of the Treaty of Paris.
The Azuchi–Momoyama period is the final phase of the Sengoku period in Japan.
Daoud was succeeded by Nur Muhammad Taraki as head of state and government on 30 April 1978.
Archaeological evidence suggests that the Balhae culture was an amalgamation of Chinese, Korean, and indigenous cultures.
The objective is to establish a single market for goods and services, much like the European Union.
Waldburg is a town in the district of Ravensburg in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.
The Office International d'Hygiène Publique was an international organization founded 9 December 1907 and based in Paris, France.
On 9 November 1953, the Kingdom of Laos and the Kingdom of Cambodia became independent.
In the subsequent centuries, the islands were claimed by several European powers with the British Empire eventually gaining control.
Mr Sjafruddin Prawiranegara, the Minister of Welfare went to Bukittinggi, West Sumatra in preparation for this emergency plan.
The name Moravian Serbia should not imply that the state was affiliated in any way with the region of Moravia in the present-day Czech Republic.
This resulted in strong rebellions from the forces of the Southern Ming.
It has also promoted cooperation on cross-border crime prevention.
The Brandenburger Gold Coast, later Prussian Gold Coast, was a part of the Gold Coast.
From autumn 1919 the UNR operated as an ally of the Second Polish Republic, but by then the state de facto no longer existed.
The Adal Sultanate, or Kingdom of Adal, was a multi-ethnic medieval Muslim state located in the Horn of Africa.
Women had high positions and figure promininently in the political and military history.
Another reason for the founding of the colony was as a "buffer state", or "garrison province" which would defend the southern British colonies from Spanish Florida.
On December 6, 1971, Park declared a state of national emergency.
The Later Zhao was the second in territories to the Former Qin that once unified Northern China under Fu Jiān.
Uruguay is also the third-best ranked in the world in e-Participation.
Northern Ireland remained part of the United Kingdom, and the state was consequently renamed the "United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland".
It has two alternating capitals on the two occupied reservations: Irving at Cattaraugus Reservation, and Jimerson Town near Salamanca on the Allegany Indian Reservation.
A lasting legacy of the Sui dynasty was the Grand Canal.
Spanish conquistadors arriving from Cuzco and Asunción took control of the region in the 16th century.
They started out as governors of the Chalukyas of Badami in the Deccan region.
In Vietnam, the rulers of Nanyue are referred to as the Triệu dynasty.
Some time later they arrived in the State of Wen at the home of Guo Gong Chou’s father in law.
Peter I Island is 11 by 19 kilometres long and 156 square kilometres, slightly larger than Staten Island.
The Assembly of Kosovo adopted the declaration of independence on 17 February 2008; Kosovo Serb parliamentarians boycotted the session.
Cameroon's coastline lies on the Bight of Biafra, part of the Gulf of Guinea and the Atlantic Ocean.
The Mexican Empire was a short-lived monarchy and the first independent post-colonial state in Mexico.
Each of these in turn often had their own sub-vassals.
It is in Höxter district and Detmold region.
The European traders built several forts along the coastline.
Securing the coastal areas and building land-based fortifications were crucial aspects of the Maratha's defensive strategy and regional military history.
They succeeded the Kakuyids to whom they were linked by marriage.
Its capital was Handan, in modern Hebei Province.
The union with Norway made it possible for Denmark to inherit the Faroe Islands, Greenland and Iceland.
The Malawian government faces challenges in building and expanding the economy, improving education, healthcare, environmental protection, and becoming financially independent.
Subanen houses are built along hillsides and ridges overlooking family fields.
Large-scale aerial bombing of Germany escalated in 1944, and the Axis powers were pushed back in Eastern and Southern Europe.
The earliest recorded king of Kent was Æthelberht, who as bretwalda wielded significant influence over other Anglo-Saxon kingdoms in the late sixth century.
The Company's rule lasted until 1858, when, after the Indian rebellion of 1857, it was abolished.
It was ruled by the Bulgarian Communist Party ruled together with its coalition partner, the Bulgarian Agrarian National Union.
From 1901 to 1906 there also existed a series of revolutionary governments that lacked significant international diplomatic recognition.
On 23 September 1932, the Kingdom of Hejaz and Nejd joined the Saudi dominions of Al-Hasa and Qatif, as the unified Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
On 8 June 1856, permanent civilian residence on the island began when it was settled from Pitcairn Island.
The Bishopric of Eichstätt, or Prince-Bishopric of Eichstätt, was a small ecclesiastical principality of the Holy Roman Empire.
The Chinese and Tibetan forces under Fu Kang An attacked Nepal but went for negotiation after failure at Nuwakot.
The early kings of this dynasty were influenced by Hinduism and the later kings by Jainism.
It was suppressed in 1795, when it was occupied by the French, and it became part of the French département Meuse-Inférieure.
Geographically, it bordered Romania and the Soviet Union to the east; Yugoslavia to the south-west; Czechoslovakia to the north and Austria to the west.
It had the thirteenth-highest per capita income in the world in 2016 according to the International Monetary Fund.
Estonia, officially the Republic of Estonia, is a country in the Baltic region of Northern Europe.
It resulted in the suppression of all former political activity, including the traditional political parties.
Schwerin is the capital and second-largest city of the northern German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.
The Abbasid dynasty descended from Muhammad's youngest uncle, Al-Abbas ibn Abd al-Muttalib, from whom the dynasty takes its name.
During this time, Manila became the western hub of the trans-Pacific trade connecting Asia with Acapulco in the Americas using Manila galleons.
Kazakhstan shares borders with Russia, China, Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan, and Turkmenistan, and also adjoins a large part of the Caspian Sea.
The island republic gained independence in 1978.
The Leeward Islands was established as an English colony in 1671.
It was an important stopover for ships sailing to Europe from Asia and South Africa for centuries.
The confederation was a loose union between the states of Peru and Bolivia.
For some three centuries the Khazars dominated the vast area extending from the Volga-Don steppes to the eastern Crimea and the northern Caucasus.
The name of Eretna may be derived from Sanskrit word Ratna "Jewel" or Tuvan language word "Ertine" "treasure,jewel, value, esteem, appreciate, dignify, treasure, cherish ".
However, Monaco does maintain two small military units.
This policy of alliance with Gwynedd continued under his successor Gruffudd II over his thirty-three year reign.
When British rule ended in 1965, Gambia was given independence as a Commonwealth realm.
The Euroregion is formally established as a non-profit organization according to the law of Croatia.
Salm-Reifferscheid-Dyck was a partition of Salm-Reifferscheid, and was annexed by the First French Empire in the French Revolutionary Wars, in 1811.
The People's Republic of Mozambique was established shortly after the country gained independence from Portugal in 1975 and the Mozambique Liberation Front established a one-party state.
Political unrest caused the Dutch to abandon their trading post at Ouidah in 1725, now moving to Jaquim, at which place they built Fort Zeelandia.
The state's sovereignty was officially recognized by the Franco-Monegasque Treaty of 1861, with Monaco becoming a full United Nations voting member in 1993.
Two branches are known and two are unknown.
While they ruled independently, they were sometimes at war with the Tanjore neighbors and the Vijayanagara overlords later based in Vellore and Chandragiri.
Frederick died in 1597 without heirs so Vohenstrauss-Parkstein was inherited by Palatinate-Neuburg.
It was formally constituted by the London Declaration in 1949, which established the member states as "free and equal".
When the Vandals arrived in Africa in 429, much of Mauretania became virtually independent.
"Fascist Italy" is the era of National Fascist Party government from 1922 to 1943 with Benito Mussolini as head of government.
Her veneration there is attested for 1410.
However, unlike the member countries of the United Arab Republic, Yemen remained an independent sovereign state.
The self-proclaimed government was established on Navy Island in the Niagara River in the latter days of the Upper Canada Rebellion.
Further cooperation amongst members is planned in the form of the Iran-Pakistan gas pipeline as well as a Turkmenistan-Afghanistan-Pakistan pipeline.
The dynasty ended with the death of Abu'l-Musafir al-Fath in 929.
In 1888 it became a protectorate of the United Kingdom by its own request.
Variants of the name for the dynasty include Chapa, Chahuda, Chávoṭakas and Chāpoṭkata.
In 1796, the duchy was occupied by French troops under Napoleon Bonaparte, and the political situation of the State became extremely confused.
A coup d'état in 1974, performed as part of an attempt to annex the island to Greece, prompted the Turkish invasion of Cyprus.
Paraguay is one of the two landlocked countries outside Afro-Eurasia, and is the smallest landlocked country in the Americas.
In historical documents, the term Ulaid was used to refer to the population-group, of which the Dál Fiatach was the ruling dynasty.
Although their sovereignty had obtained imperial approval, the Del Carretto had to fight for much of their history against the expansion of the Republic of Genoa.
Venezuela, officially the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela, is a federal republic located on the northern coast of South America.
The Buyid dynasty or the Buyids, also known as Buwaihids, Bowayhids, Buyahids, or Buyyids, was an Iranian Shia dynasty of Daylamite origin.
The state, with the capital in Córdoba, existed from 929 to 1031.
A historically prominent regional power, Morocco has a history of independence not shared by its neighbours.
In April 1940, a German invasion saw brief military skirmishes while the Danish resistance movement was active from 1943 until the German surrender in May 1945.
The colony formed a part of the colonies that are known under the collective name of Dutch Guiana.
It soon became one of Speyer's parish churches, with clergy supplied or appointed by the canonry.
Armi, was an important Bronze Age city-kingdom during the late third millennium BC located in northern Syria.
Atatürk enacted numerous reforms, many of which incorporated various aspects of Western thought, philosophy, and customs into the new form of Turkish government.
The country is multi-ethnic and multi-cultural, which plays a large role in politics.
The majority of the country has a cold or severely cold winter climate, but southerly areas are warm in summer.
The state was ruled from 1724 until 1948 by a hereditary Nizam who was initially a Mughal governor of the Deccan before becoming independent.
The Pallava script gave rise to several other southeast Asian scripts.
By the early 1900s, almost one-third of the adult male population were Buddhist monks.
It derived one of its names from this inheritance, the March of Brandenburg.
The capital of Montferrat at this time was Chivasso, the centre of the margraves' power.
Although the bailiwicks of Jersey and Guernsey are often referred to collectively as the Channel Islands, the "Channel Islands" are not a constitutional or political unit.
On May 29, 1885, the king named his new colony the Congo Free State.
Han Zhao rulers were all extremely intelligent and articulate, but some lacked self-control and demonstrated excessive cruelty on the battlefield.
At the time of the abbey's dissolution in 1802, its territory covered 112 square kilometers and it had 3,300-5,000 subjects.
Seychelles claimed a part of Scattered Islands too before the France–Seychelles Maritime Boundary Agreement.
The colony was dissolved in 1946 as part of the British reorganisation of its Southeast Asian dependencies following the end of the Second World War.
It was absorbed by Austria in 1804, before being granted to Bavaria by France during the Napoleonic Wars.
The Western Yan was a state of Xianbei ethnicity during the era of Sixteen Kingdoms in China.
Strong growth in Papua New Guinea's mining and resource sector led to the country becoming the sixth fastest-growing economy in the world in 2011.
He was eventually forced to restore Nepal's House of Representatives, which in 2007 adopted an interim constitution greatly restricting the powers of the Nepalese monarchy.
The Mosquito Coast was generally defined as the domain of the Mosquito or Miskito Kingdom and expanded or contracted with that domain.
Prince Niko officially renounced his rights to the throne in 1868.
Nürburg is a town in the German district of Ahrweiler, in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate.
After the First World War and Germany's defeat, it ceded the territory to Belgium.
The capital is now the modern city of Kano in Kano State.
In 654 BC, Prince Yiwu from the State of Jin escaped to Liang..
As a result Bali became what historian Ramesh Chandra Majumdar describes as the last stronghold of Indo-Javanese culture and civilisation.
The Videha kingdom is also mentioned in the Sanskrit epics, the Mahabharata and the Ramayana.
Until 1256, the Second Bulgarian Empire was the dominant power in the Balkans, defeating the Byzantine Empire in several major battles.
The Finnish Democratic Republic was a short-lived puppet government created and recognised only by the Soviet Union.
The British occupation ended as part of the peace settlement of the Seven Years' War.
Additionally, Gaddafi undertook several invasions of neighboring states in Africa, notably Chad in the 1970s and 1980s.
Weissenau Abbey was an Imperial abbey of the Holy Roman Empire located near Ravensburg in the Swabian Circle.
For three and a half centuries, Lan Xang was one of the largest kingdoms in Southeast Asia.
Located 570 kilometres west of the Cape Verde Peninsula in West Africa, the islands cover a combined area of slightly over 4,000 square kilometres.
In 920 Hywel merged Seisyllwg with the Kingdom of Dyfed to form the new kingdom of Deheubarth.
In terms of area, it is the eighth largest country in Europe and the most sparsely populated country in the European Union.
Known for their mobility, the Marathas were able to consolidate their territory during the Mughal–Maratha Wars and later controlled a large part of the Indian subcontinent.
The country's tourism sector is also growing.
Unlike in the occupation of Germany, the Soviet Union was allowed little to no influence over Japan.
The Democratic Republic of Yemen was declared in May 1994.
The period from the mid-nineteenth to mid-twentieth centuries is the colonial period in Mauritania.
Sayn-Wittgenstein-Vallendar was a County of the Holy Roman Empire in Germany.
During the Old Kingdom, the king of Egypt became a living god who ruled absolutely and could demand the services and wealth of his subjects.
Since 1987, Sealand lies within the territorial waters of the United Kingdom.
Rama's sons Lava and Kusha inherited parts of this kingdom.
A coalition of nations sent troops to support the peace keeping mission.
The official language of Solothurn is German, but the main spoken language is the local variant of the Alemannic Swiss German dialect.
Opposition to the system came from republicans, socialists, anarchists, Basque and Catalan nationalists, and Carlists.
Nigeria became a formally independent federation in 1960, and plunged into a civil war from 1967 to 1970.
The Early Cheras are said to have spanned the period between the 4th century BCE to 5th century CE.
The country is not to be confused with Trucial Oman, which were sheikhdoms under British protection since 1820.
The Pala stronghold was located in Bengal and Bihar, which included the major cities of Vikrampura, Pataliputra, Gauda, Monghyr, Somapura, Ramvati, Tamralipta and Jaggadala.
Epirus was an ancient Greek state, located in the geographical region of Epirus in the western Balkans.
The local folklore says that the name of the Bornean Rajah was Makatunao.
Labuan also were placed under a temporary British military rule and the headquarters located there.
Can Pech was the name of a Maya chiefdom of the southwestern Yucatán Peninsula, before the arrival of the Spanish conquistadors in the sixteenth century.
After this shift, Kayamkulam became the commercial capital of Onattukara, while Mavelikkara remained the cultural capital.
Jamaica became a Crown colony in 1866.
They were followed by successive waves of Austronesian peoples.
The federal structure, or some semblance of it, existed between 15 September 1952 and 15 November 1962.
Its remains constitute a tell located about 55 km southwest of Aleppo near the village of Mardikh.
The actual name of the kingdom is controversial.
In 1791, the slaves and some free people of color of Saint-Domingue began waging a rebellion against French authority.
It rose through the outstanding organizational skills of the Yoruba, wealth gained from trade and its powerful cavalry.
In 1946, the monarchy was abolished, its final Tsar was sent into exile and the Kingdom was replaced by the People's Republic of Bulgaria.
Fatali Khan Khoyski became its first prime minister.
Jordan is classified as a country of "high human development" with an "upper middle income" economy.
Pried-Neuwied was mediatised to Nassau and Prussia in 1806.
In 1327 the Duchy of Opole was vassalised by the Bohemian king John the Blind.
Greece's unique cultural heritage, large tourism industry, prominent shipping sector and geostrategic importance classify it as a middle power.
Before the war, the city of Donetsk was considered the unofficial capital of the Donbass.
It was officially administrated by a margrave in cooperation with a provincial diet.
Most Hungarians soon turned against the radicalism of the movement.
Some historians also use the name for the alliance of 22 German states formed on August 18, 1866.
The Kadambas were the first indigenous dynasty to use Kannada, the language of the soil, at an administrative level.
During the fall of the Soviet Union, the region re-emerged as a source of dispute between Armenia and Azerbaijan.
The Dutch Republic reasserted control for a brief period in 1673–1674.
Southern Tang replaced the Wu empire when Li Bian deposed the emperor Yang Pu.
The Provisional Government of the People's Republic of Bangladesh was established following the declaration of independence of East Pakistan on 10 April 1971.
The Vargas Era is the period in the history of Brazil between 1930 and 1945, when the country was under the dictatorship of Getúlio Dornelles Vargas.
It was the capital of the Electorate of Mainz at the time of the Holy Roman Empire.
The territory of Tepic was a territory created out of the Northwestern territory of the state of Jalisco to create what is present-day Nayarit.
Buyeo or Puyŏ was an ancient kingdom located in parts of southern Manchuria and northern Korea, from around the 2nd century BC to 494.
Tuscany was annexed by the Kingdom of Sardinia in 1860.
Today, the main sources of foreign exchange are its tourist industry and sugar exports.
It briefly became a republic from 1789 to 1791, before reverting to a Prince-Bishopric in 1791.
The territory also includes the sparsely populated Tristan da Cunha archipelago, some 3,730 kilometres to the south, about halfway to the Antarctic Circle.
The Chinese were preoccupied with these civil struggles and lost their grip on Tĩnh Hải quân periodically.
Let it be a republic...Some citizens should be found there to decide that when they are liberated".
At just 10,452 km2, it is the smallest recognized country on the entire mainland Asian continent.
Chiefly because of this, the República Juliana lasted for only four months.
This led to a growth of the army which split into different confederacies or semi-independent misls.
Jubaland has a total area of 110,293 km2.
The northern portion is still called Hohe Mark, while the former "Lower Mark" is—for the most part—merged in the present Ruhr area.
This part of the Kingdom's history is sometimes referred to as 'The Ayutthayan Empire.'
It was created from the northern portion of the Prince-Bishopric of Basel, which was part of the Holy Roman Empire.
Vasif Talibov has been the leader since 1995.
It was replaced by the African Company of Merchants, which led the British trading efforts into the early nineteenth century.
Popular religions include Christianity, Islam, and various indigenous religions.
During the 14 years, the EAEC implemented a number of economic polices to unify the community.
A colony of Kosala kings existed in Madhya Pradesh.
Other evaluations of the UN's effectiveness have been mixed.
Ezhimalai Nannan was the most powerful ruler of Ezhimalai.
As of 2013, approximately 10 million additional Filipinos lived overseas, comprising one of the world's largest diasporas.
The King's appointed steward was the Ban of Croatia and Slavonia.
Its capital is Ottawa, and its largest metropolitan areas are Toronto, Montreal and Vancouver.
In 1945, Soviet generals and advisors formed 80% of the officer cadre of the Polish People's Army.
The state originated in the 10th century as property of the Lords of Bouillon, owners of Bouillon Castle.
It was founded on 9 September 1980 by the Netherlands and Belgium.
The end of this dynasty is unknown.
The region was divided between communist North Vietnam and anti-communist South Vietnam under the terms of the Geneva Accord of 1954.
Bhutan, officially the Kingdom of Bhutan, is a landlocked country in South Asia.
Wars with Great Britain led to the loss of much of this territory by 1763.
Karakalpakstan, officially the Republic of Karakalpakstan is an autonomous republic within Uzbekistan.
The Chalukyas were replaced by the Rashtrakutas of Manyakheta in 753 CE as the dominant power in the Deccan.
With the Government of India Act 1858, the British government assumed the task of directly administering India in the new British Raj.
Cao Wei was one of the three major states that competed for supremacy over China in the Three Kingdoms period.
Before Spanish colonization, the Andean region of Bolivia was part of the Inca Empire, while the northern and eastern lowlands were inhabited by independent tribes.
The person that the Germans turned to in order to implement this scheme was Ivan Mihailov.
The Trust Territory of Somaliland was a United Nations Trust Territory situated in present-day northeastern, central and southern Somalia.
The rulers or kings were commonly known as a Bish, the first Ogiso, wielded much influence and gained popularity as a good ruler.
Four rulers of this dynasty are known from the inscriptions: Shantideva, Viradeva, Anandadeva and Bhavadeva.
Its area is 750 square kilometres and the highest point is Morne Diablotins, at 1,447 metres elevation.
For example, in 2015, Ireland was ranked as the joint sixth most developed country in the world by the United Nations Human Development Index.
Western Samoa Trust Territory was the official name of Western Samoa between the end of German rule in 1920 and its gaining independence in 1962.
The Counts of Eberstein were a family of nobility in the southwest of Germany.
This brought an end to Bulgaria's medieval state empire.
Some 43 years later, on August 26, 1849, President Faustin Soulouque re-established an Empire in Haiti that lasted until January 15, 1859.
The capital of the principality was Akhsikath.
This period was characterized by the expansion of European colonial interests in South Asia.
After Paolo's death in 1886, a number of newspapers published the report that according to his will, the island had become a republic.
The area was formerly known as French Somaliland.
Later it endured invasion attempts from the French, Dutch, and British.
The Mali Empire was an empire in West Africa from c. 1230 to 1670.
The Grand Duchy came to an end in the German Revolution of 1918–19 with the other monarchies of the German Empire.
From 1530 to 1792 it was the seat of the French ambassador to Switzerland.
Ernestine's portion was called Sayn-Wittgenstein-Hachenburg, a title which descended through the female line and is now a title of the Grand Duke of Luxembourg.
The Czech Republic includes the historical territories of Bohemia, Moravia, and Czech Silesia.
Despite strong Byzantine influence, Bulgarian artists and architects created their own distinctive style.
The Galician Republic was a European state.
The Hashemite dynasty ruled the protectorate, as well as the neighbouring Mandatory Iraq.
It came into existence on 15 September 1947.
Following a brutal guerrilla war fought with two African nationalist organisations, Rhodesian premier Ian Smith conceded to bi-racial democracy in 1978.
It leads Latin American nations in rankings of human development, competitiveness, income per capita, globalization, state of peace, economic freedom, and low perception of corruption.
Nonetheless, French institutions, including the Napoleonic Code of law, were maintained, and the French language was still more widely used than English.
Power in the early Commonwealth was vested primarily in the Parliament and a Council of State.
During the Eighty Years' War, Overijssel was divided between 1580–1597 into a Spanish-controlled part in the East and a republican-controlled part in the West.
The Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan was an Islamic state established in September 1996 when the Taliban began their rule of Afghanistan after the fall of Kabul.
He was an authoritarian ruler who increased taxes to augment his palace and the military.
A popular uprising occurred between 1994 and 2000 in which leftists, liberals and Islamists joined forces.
From 1958 to 1962, the island was a member of the Federation of the West Indies.
Later they passed to the Austrian Empire and the Cisleithanian half of Austria-Hungary.
During its history, the monastery housed predominantly noble women.
Agriculture is a major employer; the country traditionally exports tea and coffee and has more recently begun to export fresh flowers to Europe.
1323, Jaffna Kingdom in Sri Lanka declared its independence from the crumbling Pandyan Empire.
This liberal, anti-Bolshevik regime included fellow former Kadet member Maxim Vinaver as foreign minister and Vladimir D. Nabokov as minister of justice.
Previously known as Basutoland, Lesotho declared independence from the United Kingdom on 4 October 1966.
Khabul Khan successfully repelled the invasions of the Jurchen Jin armies.
Most accounts of the Sunda Kingdom come from primary historical records from the 16th century.
In 1031, after years of infighting, the caliphate fractured into a number of independent Muslim taifa.
The second state emerged as a partition of Fürstenberg-Stühlingen in 1704.
Other events during this period were the dictatorship of Santa Anna, the sale of the Mesilla Valley and the promulgation of the Constitution of 1857.
The southern 40% of the island of Saint Martin constitute Sint Maarten, since 2010 a constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
The Malawian government depends heavily on outside aid to meet development needs, although this need has decreased since 2000.
Portuguese rule began with much resistance by the local population.
The first step was the treaty signed by Germany and Italy in October 1936.
Today, some Cham people adhere to Islamic faith, a conversion which was started in 15th century; they are called Bani Cham.
The Kingdom of Tungning or Kingdom of Formosa was a government that ruled part of southwestern Taiwan between 1661 and 1683.
Its indigenous people are the Arawak-speaking Lucayan, part of the Taino people.
Arenberg, also spelled as Aremberg or Ahremberg, is a historic county, principality and finally duchy located in modern Germany.
The Sarab Khanate with the capital at Sarab existed from 1747 to 1797.
He colonized the Vanga kingdom and founded the city of Chandrakanta there.
Taiwan, officially the Republic of China, is a state in East Asia.
This set off the Kumul Rebellion, in which Yulbars Khan attempted to restore the heir Nasir to the throne.
The newly founded nation enjoyed friendly relations with the Soviet Union, Cuba, and the People's Republic of Mozambique.
The Eurasian Economic Union is an economic union of states located primarily in northern Eurasia.
The Shang dynasty is the earliest dynasty of traditional Chinese history supported by archaeological evidence.
Baldwin IX, Count of Flanders, was crowned the first Latin emperor as Baldwin I on 16 May 1204.
In 1798, Switzerland was completely overrun by the French and was renamed the Helvetic Republic.
Lukashenko continued a number of Soviet-era policies, such as state ownership of large sections of the economy.
The two main islands are Savai'i and Upolu with four smaller islands surrounding the landmasses.
Located in central China, north of Lake Dongting, the Liang dynasty was followed by the Chen dynasty.
This remained the official name until 1953, when the constitution of that year renamed it the Republic of Venezuela.
In 940 BC it became a kingdom, and in 680 BC the state came under control of the Assyrian Empire.
Its centre was in the lower Alsace, the capital first Babenhausen, later Buchsweiler.
The West Herzegovina Canton is one of the cantons of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Portuguese Gold Coast was a Portuguese colony on the West African Gold Coast on the Gulf of Guinea.
Noble later announced the next day that he is calling for dialogue with the Philippine government.
Palatinate-Zweibrücken-Vohenstrauss-Parkstein was created in 1569 out of the partition of the territories of Wolfgang of Palatinate-Zweibrücken for his fourth son Frederick.
During the 19th Century, Britain's population increased at a dramatic rate, accompanied by rapid urbanisation, which caused significant social and economic stresses.
In 1971, the Nordic Council of Ministers, an intergovernmental forum, was established to complement the Council.
Their monastic state was mostly Germanised through immigration from central and western Germany and in the south, it was Polonised by settlers from Masovia.
Gaddafi's government was either known to be or suspected of participating in or aiding terrorist acts by these and other proxy forces.
Moesia, a region south-east of the Danube, was a core area where the Getae lived and interacted with the Ancient Greeks.
Cars are banned from the island, as are bicycles; quad bikes and tractors used for staff and luggage transport respectively are allowed.
In 1346, the Duchy of Estonia was sold by the King of Denmark for 19,000 Köln marks to the Teutonic Order.
The First Eastern Turkistan Republic, or Turkic Islamic Republic of East Turkistan, was a short-lived breakaway would-be Islamic republic founded in 1933.
From this time the kingdom of England, as well as its successor state the United Kingdom, functioned in effect as a constitutional monarchy.
Afghanistan is a unitary presidential Islamic republic with Islam as an official state religion.
Its capital was initially at Vladikavkaz, then Nazran, and finally Temir-Khan-Shura.
As for Ploče, it was decided in November 1991 that the town was to become a territory of Serb-controlled areas of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The economy of Slovenia is small, open, and export-oriented and has been strongly influenced by international conditions.
The Middle Saxons or Middel Seaxe were a people whose territory later became, with somewhat contracted boundaries, the county of Middlesex, England.
Commonwealth of Independent States Free Trade Area is a free trade area between Russia, Ukraine, Belarus, Uzbekistan, Moldova, Armenia, Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan.
It is the world's second largest producer of bauxite, and has rich deposits of diamonds and gold.
In the United States, the legacy of New France includes numerous placenames as well as small pockets of French-speaking communities.
After years of delays, a democratic election was held on 17 September 2014.
Takrur, Tekrur or Tekrour was an ancient state of West Africa, which flourished roughly parallel to the Ghana Empire.
It is bordered by Algeria to the west and southwest, Libya to the southeast, and the Mediterranean Sea to the north and east.
By that time, Gaza may be rendered unliveable, if present trends continue.
In 1356, Bulgarian tsar Ivan Alexander isolated Vidin from the Bulgarian monarchy and appointed his son Ivan Stratsimir as absolute ruler of the domain of Vidin.
It is the seat of the prefecture of the Haut-Rhin department and the arrondissement of Colmar-Ribeauvillé.
Carriacou and Petite Martinique is a dependency of Grenada, lying north of Grenada island and south of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines in the Lesser Antilles.
It was meant to act as an interim authority in the rebel-controlled areas.
The Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic is an autonomous area of Azerbaijan, governed by its own elected legislature.
However, the majority of the population are of a Shiite Muslim background.
The Kingdom of Limmu-Ennarea was one of the kingdoms in the Gibe region of Ethiopia that emerged in the 19th century.
The Babenhausen branch became Princes of the Holy Roman Empire in 1803, the Glött branch princes in the Kingdom of Bavaria in 1914.
Other major centres in the area such as Prince Albert, Saskatoon, and most First Nations reserves remained outside of its control.
Italian Somaliland, also known as Italian Somalia, was a colony of the Kingdom of Italy in present-day northeastern, central and southern Somalia.
Buxheim Charterhouse was formerly a monastery of the Carthusians and is now a monastery of the Salesians.
Alexander was not able to conquer the entire area due to his army refusing to fight the Nanda Empire further east.
The Qara Khitai, also known as the Kara Khitan Khanate or Western Liao, officially the Great Liao, was a sinicized Khitan empire in Central Asia.
Her grandmother Lingeer Fatim Beye is the matriarch and early ancestor of this dynasty.
With a GDP per capita of $9,714, it is classified as a country with a lower-middle income.
The Russian economy ranks as the twelfth largest by nominal GDP and sixth largest by purchasing power parity in 2015.
In the 1350s, Kyawswa II repaired Pinya's long-strained relationship with Sagaing, in order to face off against the northern Shan state of Maw.
Puerto Rico is 240 kilometres to the west in the Greater Antilles.
In AD 567, it became a separate kingdom within the Frankish kingdom and was ruled by Sigebert I.
After the Kościuszko Uprising, the territory was partitioned among the Russian Empire, the Kingdom of Prussia, and Austria in 1795.
Shahverdi-Sultan, from the Ziyad-oglu clan of the Qajar tribe, was appointed by Shah Tahmasp I in 1554.
Located in the Leeward Islands chain of the Lesser Antilles, it is the smallest sovereign state in the Western Hemisphere, in both area and population.
Diego Silang accepted an offer of protection and friendship sent by the British Governor of Manila, Dawsonne Drake, on September 24, 1762.
The location of Chi Tu was disputed to be around Kelantan or Pahang state in Malay Peninsula, or in Songkhla and Pattani Province of southern Thailand.
Following a coup instigated by the United Kingdom and the United States in 1953, Iran gradually became closely aligned with the West, and grew increasingly autocratic.
The Duchy of Silesia with its capital at Wrocław was a medieval duchy located in the historic Silesian region of Poland.
Following the partitions of Poland at the end of the 18th century, Poland regained its independence in 1918 with the Treaty of Versailles.
Apum, was an ancient Amorite kingdom located in upper Kahbur valley, modern northeastern Syria.
It was founded in 1951, originally as the Vernacular Literature Bureau, and later given its current name.
The Chechen Republic of Ichkeria is the unrecognized secessionist government of the Chechen Republic.
The seven tithings, listed orographically, were Goms, Brig, Visp, Raron, Leuk, Siders, and Sion.
It belonged to the ecclesiastical province of Mainz since 780/782.
Since 1512 the Provinces formed the major part of the Burgundian Circle.
The Seljuk Empire or Great Seljuk Empire was a medieval Turko-Persian Sunni Muslim empire, originating from the Qynyq branch of Oghuz Turks.
Khitan women were taught to hunt, managed family property, and held military posts.
The new government was to be led by an appointed Governor General accountable only to the British Crown and the Queen's Ministers.
In 1281, Mangrai invaded Hariphunchai and captured the capital.
On 29 November 1945, the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia was proclaimed after the deposal of King Peter II thus ending the monarchy.
Some of these were later absorbed into the Ottoman Empire, while others were granted various types of autonomy during the course of centuries.
Its area was 994,996 km2, nearly three times the area of present-day Germany.
In 2000 The New York Times described its website as "one of the more imaginative" micronation sites.
It covered an area of 1173 km², and had a population of 100,994 according to the 1931 Census of India.
Today the territory forms part of the Republic of Yemen.
The Territory of Papua and New Guinea was established by an administrative union between the Australian-administered territories of Papua and New Guinea in 1949.
The Charter created the posts of president and prime minister, an 87-member Council of Representatives and a 17-member multi-ethnic Council of Ministers.
It covered present western Uzbekistan, southwestern Kazakhstan and much of Turkmenistan before Russian arrival at the second half of the 19th century.
Although primarily remembered for their persecution of orthodox Nicene Christians, the Vandals were also patrons of learning.
Vermont coined a currency called Vermont coppers from a mint operated by Reuben Harmon in East Rupert, and operated a postal system.
The crisis escalation led to the 1991–92 South Ossetia War.
Roughly speaking, territories of the Archbishops of Trier were located to the south, and territories of the Counts of Wied to the north.
In the 8th century BCE, Hastinapur was destroyed by a severe flood and King Nikasu built a new capital, Kosambi.
In 1936, the Transcaucasian state was dissolved, transforming its constituent states, including the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic, into full Union republics.
In 1842, the French took over the islands and established a French protectorate they called Etablissements des français en Océanie.
Chālco [ˈt͡ʃaːɬko] was a complex pre-Columbian Nahua altepetl or confederacy in central Mexico.
The monarchy has been political and religious in nature.
In Saigon, the anti-Communist State of Vietnam, led by former Emperor Bảo Đại, was granted independence in 1949.
It lies 80 km south of Italy, 284 km east of Tunisia, and 333 km north of Libya.
By the 1970s, says Robert Aldrich, the last "vestiges of empire held little interest for the French."
Gauda Kingdom, was a Hindu power during the Late Classical period on the Indian subcontinent, which originated in the region of Bengal.
In the 1970s and 1980s, Ethiopia suffered from civil wars and communist purges which devastated its economy.
Beginning in the late 1930s, Nazi Germany made increasingly aggressive territorial demands, threatening war if they were not met.
Vichy France is the common name of the French State headed by Marshal Philippe Pétain during World War II.
The Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Nepal Initiative is a sub regional architecture of countries in Eastern South Asia, a subregion of South Asia.
Tracing its roots to the 2nd millennium BC, Ethiopia was a monarchy for most of its history.
But the Sutiya had dispersed to frontier regions, and continued raids against the Ahoms.
The nation, however, lacked the wherewithal, the enthusiasm, and the discipline to enforce the code”.
The republic lasted for over two years, during which time it was involved in several armed conflicts caused by territorial disputes.
The South Saxons were ruled by the kings of Sussex.
Originally, Zwelitsha served as the capital with the view that Alice would become the long-term national capital.
These privileges were only lost under the Laws in Wales Acts 1535–1542.
The territory was administered by the UN temporarily before being transferred to Indonesia on 1 May 1963.
The site is located in Qingyang District, along the Modi River.
The Kingdom of Croatia was an administrative division that existed between 1527 and 1868 within the Habsburg Monarchy.
The Peru–Bolivian Confederation was a short-lived confederate state that existed in South America between 1836 and 1839.
It was a period of decolonisation across Africa and Asia.
The summit was held from 20 to 21 December 2012 in New Delhi, India.
The sultanate's capital lay around the modern day city of Cirebon on Java's northern coast.
Prehistoric population migrations include Southern Cushitic speakers, who are ancestral to the Iraqw, Gorowa, and Burunge and who moved south from Ethiopia into Tanzania.
To the east was the Ba tribal confederation.
Ultimately, the colony was merged with the Massachusetts Bay Colony and other territories in 1691 to form the Province of Massachusetts Bay.
John died without an heir, in 1312 or 1313, marking the end of the "revived" title.
The official name of the state was Deutsches Reich from 1933 to 1943 and Großdeutsches Reich from 1943 to 1945.
The Principality was destroyed by Saladin in 1187, although the title was used as dignity by relatives and younger sons of the kings of Cyprus afterwards.
Cumania was known in Islamic sources as Desht-i Qipchaq, which means "Steppe of the Kipchaks"; or "foreign land sheltering the Kipchaks", in the Turkic languages.
The kingdom was the location of a Muslim rebellion in 1499-1501 and after the Muslims were defeated and forcibly converted, a Morisco rebellion in 1568-1571.
Climatically, hot conditions prevail year-round, with periodic monsoon winds and irregular rainfall.
Kiribati is a member of the Commonwealth of Nations, the IMF and the World Bank, and became a full member of the United Nations in 1999.
Before attaining dominion status, Newfoundland was a British colony, self-governing from 1855.
From 1626 to 1734, it was subdivided into a Catholic and a Protestant part.
The Republic of San Marco, an Italian revolutionary state, existed for 17 months in 1848–1849.
It is also a member of the East Asia-Pacific Cricket Council.
The Roman Empire emerged with the end of the Republic and the dictatorship of Augustus Caesar.
Spartiates underwent the rigorous agoge training and education regimen, and Spartan phalanges were widely considered to be among the best in battle.
Its short-lived history ended in 1151, when it was finally conquered by the Almohads.
During the Commonwealth realm phase, the following governors-general held office:
Following Sweden's departure in 1523, the union was effectively dissolved.
The small village of Castlelyons in East County Cork preserves the name of one of their last royal seats in the High Middle Ages.
Finale remained independent in the 16th century, in which it was a loyal ally of admiral Andrea Doria.
Sweden emerged as an independent and unified country during the Middle Ages.
When he fled back to Beijing in early June, Li finally proclaimed himself Emperor of China and left the capital in a hurry.
Islands split between Nunavut and Northwest Territories include Victoria Island, Melville Island, Mackenzie King Island and Borden Island.
The Later Qin, also known as Yao Qin, was a state of Qiang ethnicity of the Sixteen Kingdoms during the Jin dynasty in China.
The Himalaya, Karakoram, Pamir and Tian Shan mountain ranges separate China from South and Central Asia.
It controlled the majority of the territory of present-day Slovakia, but without its current southern and eastern parts, which had been ceded to Hungary in 1938.
Uthiyan Cheralathan, Nedum Cheralathan and Senguttuvan are some of the rulers referred to in the Sangam poems.
In that year Batavia was founded to function as the staple port for the Dutch East India Company in Asia.
It is neighboured by Mozambique to its northeast and by South Africa to its north, west and south; it is a landlocked country.
It was named after the Romanija mountain.
The country's two official languages are Palauan and English, with Japanese, Sonsorolese, and Tobian recognized as regional languages.
A referendum was held on 27 April 1960, with 88.47% percent of the Ghanaian people voting in favour of a republic, and 11.53% against.
In 1991 the ruined abbey was listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
By 316 BCE the empire had fully occupied Northwestern India, defeating and conquering the satraps left by Alexander.
In 1648, it allied itself with the royalists.
The Indonesian occupation of East Timor was characterised by a highly violent decades-long conflict between separatist groups and the Indonesian military.
Belgium mints five of these coins on average per year, in both gold and silver, with face value ranging from 10 to 100 euros.
The dynasty was established by Naraka of Videha, by removing the Kirata chief Ghatak, the last of the Danava dynasty..
With a population of just over 28,000, it is the smallest provincial capital in Belgium.
Later she would be abbess from 1759 to 1776.
The Mughal Empire is considered "India's last golden age" and one of the three Islamic Gunpowder Empires.
This revolt was defeated, and Shuchu was stripped of his titles and demoted to a commoner.
Bahrain is the site of the ancient Dilmun civilisation.
Syrian opposition groups held reconciliation talks in Astana, Kazakhstan in October 2015.
In c. 697, Panchasar was attacked and Jayaśekhara was killed.
In the late 19th century, the influential Sultan Mohamoud Ali Shire governed the Sultanate, assuming control during some of its most turbulent years.
Their sphere of influence is shown in Hurrian place names, personal names and the spread through Syria and the Levant of a distinct pottery type.
There was a Gandhrava also by the name Dhritarashtra..
Logudoro was one of four giudicati into which the island was divided during the High Middle Ages.
It is the home of Waldburg Castle, a medieval castle that sits atop the large hill in the town.
The Holy Empire of Reunion is a micronation that was founded 28 August 1997 as a political and constitutional simulation.
The Berlin Commitment of 2002 reduced this to 12 miles.
The larger, stronger colony of Connecticut to the north did have a charter, and Connecticut was aggressive in using its military superiority to force a takeover.
The Hanseatic cities had their own legal system and furnished their own armies for mutual protection and aid.
Eventually, the Kingdom of Kandy sought help from the Dutch Empire in their efforts to rid the island of the Portuguese.
The political history of the modern state of Afghanistan began with the Hotak and Durrani dynasties in the 18th century.
The fort mysteriously burned to the ground, but another improved fort was quickly built nearby.
The kingdom extended from the region of Durazzo south along the coast to Butrint.
Its people were ancestors of the Bakalanga.
Kenya is known for its world class athletes in track and field and rugby.
It was formed in 1902, and reorganized in 1904 into Upper Senegal and Niger.
The Habbari dynasty ruled the Abbasid province of Greater Sindh from 841 to 1024.
From the West German perspective, the GDR was therefore illegitimate.
After the war ended, the country entered into UN trusteeship.
He was known as a man of feisty temperament with little patience for the slow-turning wheels of government bureaucracy, and a flair for publicity.
On 23 October 1989, Hungary again became a democratic parliamentary republic.
The total turn out of voters was 63.4% of which 99.7% voted for the independence of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The elizates were all governed by the Foral law, while the towns had their own law.
The council gained international recognition as the legitimate governing authority in Libya and occupied the country's seat at the United Nations.
In 1952 Baden merged with Württemberg-Baden and Württemberg-Hohenzollern to form Baden-Württemberg.
The name also survives in that of Vale of Glamorgan, a county borough.
Wallis is of volcanic origin with fertile soil and some remaining lakes.
It was initially administered, as were the two earlier protectorates, by the British South Africa Company,, a chartered company on behalf of the British government.
The Hoysala rulers were originally from Malnad Karnataka, an elevated region in the Western Ghats range.
Nowadays it roughly corresponds to the southeastern corner of Georgia's Kakheti region and a portion of Azerbaijan's northwestern districts.
Napoleon subsequently sold Louisiana in the Louisiana Purchase on December 20, 1803, in order pay for his French armies during the War of the Third Coalition.
However, while a creative scholar and politician, he was an incompetent ruler, and his capital Chang'an was besieged by peasant rebels in 23 AD.
In 691, the Diocese of Mercia became the Diocese of Lichfield.
Jamahiriya was a term coined by Gaddafi, usually translated as "state of the masses".
He remained in charge of the colony until 1663, when Quirijn Spranger took over the leadership of the colony.
The inland is a geographically larger region and has a moderate continental climate, with hot summers and cold and snowy winters.
Only Bangladesh, South Korea, and Taiwan have both a larger population and higher population density.
At the end of this last Ashanti War, the territory of the Ashanti people became a British protectorate on 1 January 1902.
The County of Hoya was a state of the Holy Roman Empire, located in the present German state of Lower Saxony.
It was a vassal of the Holy Roman Empire.
The Comtat also bordered the Principality of Orange.
Over time, anti-fascist action groups formed local governments in the 21 towns and villages.
The Cretan State, was established in 1898, following the intervention by the Great Powers on the island of Crete.
Its location is the present-day island and nation of Jamaica.
The empire at its peak stretched from Tamil Nadu in the south, to Peshawar in the north, and Bengal in the east.
It was because of its power that Prussia continuously tried to unify all the German states under its rule.
The Civil War began with the April 12, 1861, Confederate attack upon Fort Sumter, a Union fort in the harbor of Charleston, South Carolina.
After the death of Đurađ I Balšić, Vuk captured his cities of Prizren and Peć and the area of Metohija.
Since 1965, the state has been governed by the Communist Party of Cuba.
The Persian kings Darius and Xerxes claimed suzerainty over many of the Pauravas, but this claim was loose at best.
Anjouan is an autonomous island in the Indian Ocean that forms part of the Union of the Comoros.
Other areas are under the control of military groups such as the Shan State Army.
The city of Pamplona, had been the main city of the indigenous Vasconic population and was located amid a predominantly Basque-speaking area.
He became president again by winning the election in 1996, having meanwhile dropped all references to Marxism and atheism and having become an evangelical pastor.
Independence as part of the United States was confirmed with the 1783 Treaty of Paris.
The League initially existed to resist the power of the House of Habsburg, and quickly allied with the Grey League and the League of God's House.
Its name is variously rendered in English as the Bavarian Council Republic or the Munich Soviet Republic after its capital of Munich.
A national assembly was convened in Weimar, where a new constitution for the Deutsches Reich was written, and adopted on 11 August 1919.
The Inca Empire was unique in that it lacked many features associated with civilization in the Old World.
The taifa was first created in 1042, when Lorca declared its independence from the emirate of Valencia.
The Kanem Empire was located in the present countries of Chad, Nigeria and Libya.
The country has 700 rivers and 8,046 km of inland waterways.
Nobadias name is often given as al-Maris in Arabic histories.
The following list presents commemorative coins since Polish zloty denomination:
It formally existed from 1991 to 1995, having been initiated a year earlier via smaller separatist regions.
This was taken over by the Italian government in 1882, becoming Italy's first overseas territory.
The northern province of Sagaing led by Thihathu's eldest son Saw Yun successfully fought for autonomy in 1315−17, and formally seceded in 1325 after Thihathu's death.
State of Buryat-Mongolia was a buffer Buryat-Mongolian state, which existed during the Russian Civil War.
The Chinese ambassador Zheng He, who was unhappy with the change of hands, carried off King Vijayabahu VI to China in 1411 AD.
The vast majority of the population resides on Saipan, Tinian, and Rota.
The Danish presence in India was of little significance to the major European powers as they presented neither a military nor a mercantile threat.
The government controlled artistic expression, promoting specific art forms and banning or discouraging others.
Ankara is the capital while Istanbul is the country's largest city and main cultural and commercial centre.
All the island territories that belonged to the Netherlands Antilles remain part of the kingdom today, although the legal status of each differs.
The failure of the NAC to prevent this caused its collapse.
It became especially strong during the reign of King David I Anhoghin who succeeded his father Kiurike and ruled between 989 and 1048.
In the following millennium, the oldest scriptures associated with Hinduism began to be composed.
Seychelles is a member of the African Union, the Southern African Development Community, the Commonwealth of Nations, and the United Nations.
In 1966, Barbados became an independent state and Commonwealth realm with the British Monarch as hereditary head of state.
The effects of market policies led to the failure of many enterprises and total instability by 1990.
Additionally, Gaddafi undertook several invasions of neighboring states in Africa, notably Chad in the 1970s and 1980s.
Part of the dynasty fled to al-Andalus and later founded, in 1019, the Taifa of Granada on the ruins of the Caliphate of Cordoba.
Approximately 90% of Mauritania's land is within the Sahara; consequently, the population is concentrated in the south, where precipitation is slightly higher.
In May a constitutional convention declared Norway independent.
In 1946, the Second Hungarian Republic was established under Soviet influence.
The coup would have installed a Shī'a cleric exiled in Iran, Hujjatu l-Islām Hādī al-Mudarrisī, as supreme leader heading a theocratic government.
Since August 1859, the pro-Piedmontese regimes of Tuscany, Parma, Modena and the Papal Legations entered into a group of military treaties.
The central goal of Nation.1 was to empower young people with a voice and representation in world affairs.
The region is known as Futa Toro.
Like the Marinid dynasty, they were of Zenata Berber descent.
Mount Kilimanjaro, Africa's highest mountain, is in northeastern Tanzania.
Husabeol or Later Sabeol was one of the Later Three Kingdoms of Korea, along with Hugoguryeo , Hubaekje and Silla.
It functioned independently from 1603 to October 24, 1874.
International Tourism is a significant source of revenue during the summer, with Croatia ranked the 18th most popular tourist destination in the world.
In early 1795, intervention by French revolutionary forces led to the downfall of the old Dutch Republic.
The reign of this dynasty probably began in the middle of 6th century BCE.
On 18 May 1989, the Lithuanian SSR declared state sovereignty within its borders during perestroika.
The India-ASEAN relationship was elevated to a "strategic" partnership at the 2012 meeting.
In the past, the traditional economy revolved around big game hunting of elephants, lions, leopards, and crocodiles.
A clear majority of the Kosovo's population support Kosovo's independence.
Diplomatically, the Holy See acts and speaks for the whole church.
Lalitaditya Muktapida, the dynasty's strongest ruler captured parts of Central Asia, Afghanistan and Punjab with Chinese help.
Parts of the country are in Southern Africa.
After 1510, the capital of the Portuguese viceroyalty was transferred to Goa.
The origin of the dynasty is uncertain, but according to the Puranas, their first king overthrew the Kanva dynasty.
The Kingdom of Sophene was an ancient Armenian kingdom.
As one of the 40-odd self-ruling imperial abbeys of the Holy Roman Empire, Kaisersheim was a virtually independent state.
In the Ottoman Empire, Mamluks were freed slaves who converted to Islam, were trained in a special school, and then assigned to military and administrative duties.
It may be safe to assume that the Vikings first over-wintered in 840–841 CE.
The Soviet Union took an early lead in the Space Race, with the first artificial satellite and the first human spaceflight.
In the Palestinian legislative elections on 25 January 2006, Hamas emerged victorious and nominated Ismail Haniyeh as the Authority's Prime Minister.
The Fifth Republic, led by Charles de Gaulle, was formed in 1958 and remains to this day.
The Kingdom of Romania was a constitutional monarchy which existed between 13 March 1881 and 30 December 1947, specified by the first three Constitutions of Romania.
The independence of Los Altos from Guatemala was officially proclaimed on 2 February 1838.
The Royal Lao Government in Exile is a Lao government in exile opposed to the Lao People's Democratic Republic.
Waalo had lucrative treaties with the French, who had established their base at the island of Saint-Louis near the mouth of the river.
The expansion of the Greco-Bactrians into present-day eastern Afghanistan and Pakistan from 180 BC established the Indo-Greek Kingdom, which was to last until around 10 AD.
The East Pakistan Provincial Assembly was the legislative body of the territory.
The royal family flew to London the same year, prior to the country being invaded by the Axis powers.
It was located in the historic Masovian region of northeastern Poland.
Colmar is the third-largest commune of the Alsace region in north-eastern France.
The kingdom had developed a complex society, they had a well developed culture and had achieved a degree of sophistication and refined civilisation.
French administration was directed by a staff stationed in Sabha, but it was largely exercised through Fezzan notables of the family of Sayf an Nasr.
The Nanda Empire was later conquered by Chandragupta Maurya, who founded the Maurya Empire.
The Sultanate of Sambas was a traditional Malay state on the Western coast of the island of Borneo, in modern-day Indonesia.
The setup was officially recommended by General Ivan Chistiakov and headed by General Andrei Romanenko in 1945 and General Nikolai Lebedev in 1946.
The central government maintains informal ties with some foreign governments, who have sent delegations to Hargeisa.
Hitler's refusal to admit defeat led to massive destruction of German infrastructure and additional war-related deaths in the closing months of the war.
The UAE is criticised for its human rights record, including the specific interpretations of Sharia used in its legal system.
Lao Sung people including the Hmong and Meo began to move into the mountainous uplands of Xieng khouang.
A similar shift occurred after Brazil gained its independence, which caused Portugal to focus more on its possessions in Africa.
The dictatorship shaped much of modern Chile's political and economic life.
The Chaulukyas soon recovered, and the kingdom reached its zenith under the rule of Jayasimha Siddharaja and Kumarapala in the 12th century.
The Crimean War with Russia and the Boer wars were relatively small operations in a largely peaceful century.
A pro-independence movement led to the secession from the Soviet Union in April 1991.
With a total area of approximately 513,000 km2, Thailand is the world's 50th-largest country.
Guyana is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean to the north, Brazil to the south and southwest, Suriname to the east and Venezuela to the west.
Northern Rhodesia was a protectorate in south central Africa, formed in 1911 by amalgamating the two earlier protectorates of Barotziland-North-Western Rhodesia and North-Eastern Rhodesia.
The next sultan, his grandson Ahmad Shah I founded the new capital Ahmedabad in 1411.
Colonel Symes explained that the country was described as "Palestine" by Europeans and as "Falestin" by the Arabs.
With the abdication in 1555 of Holy Roman Emperor Charles V, the Habsburg Netherlands passed to his son King Philip II of Spain.
Brandenburg-Prussia also established a navy and German colonies in the Brandenburger Gold Coast and Arguin.
This period was marked by often tumultuous Presidencies of Eurico Gaspar Dutra, Getúlio Vargas, Juscelino Kubitschek, Jânio Quadros and João Goulart.
Ghana means "Warrior King" in the Soninke language.
Djibouti occupies a total area of just 23,200 km2.
The book's entry on Atlantium notes its espousal of "progressive, liberal policies" and characterizes it as a "secular humanist utopia".
Numbers of stone inscriptions dated from Tarumanagara period was discovered in Western Java region.
It existed from July 9, 1832, to August 5, 1835.
A doubly landlocked Soviet republic in Central Asia.
On 8 October 1918, following the death of General Alekseyev, the role of Supreme Leader was given to General Anton Denikin.
The Akkadian Empire reached its political peak between the 24th and 22nd centuries BC, following the conquests by its founder Sargon of Akkad.
He became the new Georgian king of a politically united eastern Georgia for the first time in three centuries.
Pagan's rulers built over 10,000 Buddhist temples in the Pagan capital zone of which over 2000 remain.
Qi was founded shortly after the Zhou overthrow of Shang in the 11th century BC.
During its existence the government only exercised authority over the Southbranch Settlements along the South Saskatchewan River.
Most of the Polish territory became part of the Lubusz Voivodeship, while the northern towns Choszczno, Myślibórz, and Chojna belong to the West Pomeranian Voivodeship.
Monaco mints one of these coins on average per year, in both gold and silver, with face value ranging from 5 to 100 euros.
It followed conservative policies, especially under the influence of François Guizot.
In 1922, British Togoland was formally placed under British rule while French Togoland, now Togo, was placed under French rule.
The diffusion of Indo-Greek culture had consequences which are still felt today, particularly through the influence of Greco-Buddhist art.
It was governed by the Counts of Cilli.
The capital and largest city, with a population exceeding 1.7 million, is Vienna.
John Spata(Albanian: Gjin Bua Shpata)  was an Albanian ruler in western Greece with the title of Despot.
In 2003 it was incorporated into the city of Oss.
They pioneered a centralised form of government and established a disciplined bureaucracy.
In the constituent community of Burgsolms once stood the ancestral castle of the Counts and Princes of Solms.
The Kingdom of Pajang was a short-lived Muslim state in Java.
Most people in the country speak Afroasiatic languages of the Cushitic or Semitic branches.
They issued a number of legislative resolutions.
De Valera abolished the Oath of Allegiance and embarked on an economic war with Britain.
However, under the policy of Privy Purse nobles were allowed to enjoy certain privileges and keep their titles.
The seat of the bishop was Zeitz Cathedral in Zeitz from 968 and 1029 and Naumburg Cathedral in Naumburg between 1029 and 1615.
After over four centuries of Portuguese rule, Mozambique gained independence in 1975, becoming the People's Republic of Mozambique shortly thereafter.
Kazakhstan was the last of the Soviet republics to declare independence during the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991.
Aach is a small town in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.
The total population of Assam being at 31 million according to the 2011 census, they presently constitute slightly over 25%.
During their history, the Pandyas were repeatedly in conflict with the Pallavas, Cholas, Hoysalas and finally the Muslim invaders from the Delhi Sultanate.
It was ruled by the Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party and maintained close links with the Soviet Union throughout its history.
In 1206, King Valdemar II and archbishop Andreas Sunonis led a raid on Ösel island.
Tunisia, officially the Republic of Tunisia is a country in North Africa, covering 165,000 square kilometres.
Since 1992, the nation has officially been governed as a constitutional democracy from its capital at Antananarivo.
The State of Greater Lebanon was a state declared in September 1920, and the predecessor of modern Lebanon.
Across the Baltic Sea lies Sweden in the west and Finland in the north.
The government was led by the National Liberation Movement, which in turn was dominated by the Communist Party.
The name Azcapotzalco means "at the anthill" in Nahuatl.
Those resident consist of visiting military personnel, officials, scientific researchers and support staff.
Also known as Xue, Pi was ruled by members of the Ren family.
The Greeks referred to them as the Getae and the Romans as Daci.
Waldburg-Waldburg was a partition of Waldburg-Wolfegg-Zeil and was divided between the other two parts of Waldburg-Wolfegg-Zeil — Waldburg-Wolfegg and Waldburg-Zeil — in 1660.
The known branches are the Pravarapura-Nandivardhana branch and the Vatsagulma branch.
Efficient administration and vigorous overseas trade brought new technologies such as water management systems for irrigation.
There are no airports on the islands, so all travel and transport from the outside world is conducted by ship.
The country has abundant natural resources like oil and natural gas, tin, copper and gold.
The Vidarbha kingdom in the Sanskrit epic Mahabharata is among the many kingdoms ruled by Yadu kings.
Northern Rhodesia became a directly-run British protectorate in April 1924.
Uruguay is an important global exporter of combed wool, rice, soybeans, frozen beef, malt and milk.
Its goal is to further socio-economic cooperation and integration as well as political and security cooperation among 15 southern African states.
The kingdom was eventually destroyed by the Hittites, then annexed by Mitanni in the 16th century BC.
A year later, Paraguay joined Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay to found Mercosur, a regional economic collaborative.
Its high gross national income gives the country a modest standard of living and the highest Human Development Index of continental Sub-Saharan Africa.
The Liao dynasty was destroyed by the Jurchen people of the Jin dynasty in 1125 with the capture of Emperor Tianzuo of Liao.
He was the last recorded ruler of the dynasty and was likely deposed by Harshavardhana or Bhaskaravarman.
Manchukuo's government was abolished in 1945 after the defeat of Imperial Japan at the end of World War II.
Azerbaijan has not exercised political authority over the region since the advent of the Karabakh movement in 1988.
UNTAET was established on 25 October 1999, and was abolished on 20 May 2002, with most functions passed to the East Timor government.
The Grand Duchy of Flandrensis is a micronation with claims over some territories of Antarctica, which was founded in 2008 by the Belgian Niels Vermeersch.
The land west of the Jordan River, known as Palestine, was under direct British administration until 1948.
After the Ottoman conquest of Cyprus in 1571, Crete was Venice's last major overseas possession.
The kingdom was created by the Treaty of Aranjuez, signed at Aranjuez, Spain on 21 March 1801.
The Protectorate was the period during the Commonwealth when England and Wales, Ireland and Scotland were governed by a Lord Protector.
Three amateur radio DX-peditions have visited the island and there are sporadic landings by tourists.
One of the most important was the abolition of slavery on 1 February 1835.
The empire was more like a federation of autonomous regional communities for whom Tiwanaku was the center of religion, culture and trade.
The citizens of Burkina Faso are known as Burkinabé.
Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach was created as a duchy in 1809 by the merger of the Ernestine duchies of Saxe-Weimar and Saxe-Eisenach.
Myanmar is 676,578 square kilometres in size.
It is often grouped into classical antiquity together with ancient Greece, and their similar cultures and societies are known as the Greco-Roman world.
The Reichsdeputationshauptschluss resolution on 25 February 1803, legalized the redistribution of the territories.
The House of Nassau-Weilburg became extinct in the male line with the death of Grand Duchess Charlotte of Luxembourg in 1985.
Manda's roars were created through recordings of lions bellowing.
The later part of this period, under the Nineteenth and Twentieth Dynasties is also known as the Ramesside period.
There are currently 21 registered parties in Burundi.
In 1979 the rebels conquered the capital and put an end to the south's hegemony.
The General Secretariat is in İstanbul, Turkey.
Christianity was introduced into Scotland from the 6th century.
Between 1699 and 1741, the province's governor was often concurrently the governor of the Province of Massachusetts Bay.
The state was formally recognised by Gabon, Haiti, Ivory Coast, Tanzania and Zambia.
The resulting Brandenburg-Prussia was the predecessor of the Kingdom of Prussia, which became a leading German state during the 18th century.
On August 22, 1846, acting President José Mariano Salas, issued the decree that restored the Constitution of 1824 and with this, the return to federalism.
Two people held the office of governor-general:
Briefly semi-autonomous, with its capital in Oświęcim, it was finally sold to the Kingdom of Poland in 1457.
Their language was probably a predecessor of the equally prehistoric Buyeo languages, and perhaps a form of Proto-Korean.
Luxembourg is a developed country, with an advanced economy and one of the world's highest GDP per capita.
The same ducal title was also sporadically conferred in the Kingdom of France as a purely honorary, non-feudal title, upon junior members of the King's family.
In 1805, the Italian Republic became the Kingdom of Italy.
Abu Bakr, a close companion of Muhammad from the Banu Taym clan, was elected the first Rashidun leader and began the conquest of the Arabian Peninsula.
Georgia withdrew its membership in 2008, while the Baltic states, which regard their membership in the Soviet Union as an illegal occupation, chose not to participate.
The country is named after the Guinea region.
French intervention in the American Revolutionary War helped secure the independence of the new United States of America.
Magnus III, King of Norway, was also known as King of Mann and the Isles between 1099 and 1103.
However, by the end of the 7th century, their conversion to Catholicism was all but complete.
Today the island is also famous for its vegetable farms.
The authorities rarely even mentioned the name "Poland" in government correspondence.
They encountered a variety of African kingdoms, some of which controlled substantial deposits of gold in the soil.
Supervision of the implementation of the Geneva Accords was the responsibility of an international commission consisting of India, Canada and Poland.
When the Armistice of Cassibile was announced 8 September, Germany was prepared and quickly intervened.
About 350,000 people live on its 2,880 km2.
Norway became the weaker part and lost sovereignty over Greenland in 1814 when the union was dissolved.
The Dutch West India Company was mainly affected by the competition from Denmark, England and Spain.
The Khoshut Khanate was an Oirat khanate based in the Tibetan Plateau in the 17th and the 18th centuries.
The country has the fourth-highest per capita income in the world on the World Bank and IMF lists.
Chandragupta then defeated the invasion led by Seleucus I, a Macedonian general from Alexander's army, gaining additional territory west of the Indus River.
Moldova is also the least visited country in Europe by tourists with only 11,000 annually recorded visitors from abroad.
On July 4, 1776, during the course of the American Revolutionary War, the colonies unanimously adopted the Declaration of Independence.
Many large financial institutions have a presence in Manama, the country's capital.
It was established in November 1931 by future Communist Party of China leader Mao Zedong, General Zhu De and others, and it lasted until 1937.
In 1307, both were reunited by Nicholas II, but they were divided again in 1316 into Werle-Güstrow and Werle-Goldberg.
The territory of "South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands" was formed in 1985; previously it had been governed as part of the Falkland Islands Dependencies.
The economy slowly industrialized with the help of foreign investments in railways and factories.
The earldom was bounded by the River Tees in the south and the River Tweed in the north.
By population, Spain is the sixth largest in Europe and the fifth in the European Union.
Augsburg is the only German city with its own legal holiday, the Augsburger Hohes Friedensfest, celebrated on August 8 of every year.
It was an independent county until the establishment of the Batavian Republic in 1795.
In the 940 Karluk state did not have strong economic ties,Therefore The Karluk state fell.
In 2011, the military junta was officially dissolved following a 2010 general election, and a nominally civilian government was installed.
In addition to the majority Sinhalese, it is home to large groups of Sri Lankan and Indian Tamils, Moors, Burghers, Malays, Kaffirs and the aboriginal Vedda.
It remained a property of the comital family until its expropriation in 1945.
Austria was thus the first to go to war in the July Crisis, which would ultimately escalate into World War I.
Rather, the Kingdom of Bohemia had a higher status than the other incorporated constituent countries.
Worms had been the seat of a bishop from Roman times.
Bishop was later freed by popular demonstration and attempted to resume power, but was captured and executed by soldiers.
The Saudeleur centralized form of absolute rule is characterized in Pohnpeian legend as becoming increasingly oppressive over several generations.
At the same time, the Kurdish leader Mustafa Barzani led a rebellion against the central government in Baghdad.
The Soviet Union would extend control over what would ultimately become the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic and a founding member of the Soviet Union.
During the Restoration, the new Bourbon regime was a constitutional monarchy, unlike the absolutist Ancien Régime, and so it had some limits on its power.
In 1838, these African-American settlements were united into the Commonwealth of Liberia, which declared its independence from the American Colonization Society in July 26, 1847.
Rio Muni also includes several small offshore islands, such as Corisco, Elobey Grande, and Elobey Chico.
The republic became a buffer zone of the ongoing conflict within the area of the South-Western front of the Red Army.
Constantine also adopted Christianity which later became the official state religion of the empire.
The rebellion that led to its formation and its collapse are known as the Fujian Incident or Fujian Rebellion.
The Federation of Arab Emirates of the South was an organization of states within the British Aden Protectorate in what would become South Yemen.
The union of Brandenburg and the Duchy of Prussia in 1618 led to the proclamation of the Kingdom of Prussia in 1701.
Their remaining army were eventually exiled into northern India.
The national military expenditure is the 9th highest in the world.
The Prince-Bishopric of Verden, on the other hand, belonged to the Lower Rhenish–Westphalian Circle and sent its own representative to the Diet.
Sark is an island in the Channel Islands in the southwestern English Channel, off the coast of Normandy, France.
Britain, although opposed to total dismantling of the Ottoman Empire, offered France control of Tunisia, in return for Cyprus.
The Malta Independence Act 1964 passed by the British Parliament transformed the Crown Colony of Malta into an independent Commonwealth realm with fully responsible government.
By 1920, the state was incorporated into the Transcaucasian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic, and in 1922 became a founding member of the Soviet Union.
The Kumul Khanate under Sa'id Baba supported Chinese Muslim Ming loyalists during the 1646 Milayin rebellion against the Qing dynasty.
The region is usually equated with the administrative borders of the former Nagorno-Karabakh Autonomous Oblast comprising an area of 4,400 square kilometres.
The headquarters of the General Government operated in the Royal Castle, Warsaw, while the governor-general's seat was in the Belvedere palace, Warsaw.
Taqali proved a useful ally and the British gradually gave it more territory to control and administer.
On this ground, the Georgian historian Ivane Javakhishvili considered Tabal, Tubal, Jabal and Jubal to be an early Kartvelian tribal designation.
This was just fifty years before the arrival of the Spanish in the region.
Through the Common Foreign and Security Policy, the EU has developed a role in external relations and defence.
Its five post-war states were reconstituted along with the reunited Berlin, which ended its special status and formed an additional Land.
In the Treaty of Paris, Dalberg conceded Regensburg to the Kingdom of Bavaria, which formally incorporated the city on 22 May 1810.
Nevertheless, it clearly was founded with the armed support of the revolutionary French Republic.
The official name of the then British overseas territory was changed from "the British Solomon Islands Protectorate" to "Solomon Islands" in 1975.
The rebels became reconciled to French rule following the abolition of slavery in the colony in 1793, although this alienated the island's dominant slave-holding class.
The Principality of Smolensk was a Kievan Rus' lordship from the eleventh to the fifteenth century.
In the medieval era, Judaism, Zoroastrianism, Christianity, and Islam arrived, and Sikhism emerged, all adding to the region's diverse culture.
Upper Abkhazia is a territory that has population of c. 2,000 and is centered on the upper Kodori Valley.
Tālava was a Latgalian county in the northern Vidzeme and northern Latgale region of today's Latvia.
As part of British India, the region was influenced by the Bengali renaissance and played an important role in anti-colonial movements.
It was ruled by sultans of the Zayyanid dynasty.
Until 1989, the GDR was governed by the Socialist Unity Party, though other parties nominally participated in its alliance organisation, the National Front of Democratic Germany.
The khans of Kumul were direct descendants of the khans of the Chagatai Khanate.
At first, the name was the Libyan Arab Republic.
After declaring its independence from Spain in 1818, Chile emerged in the 1830s as a relatively stable authoritarian republic.
In 921 the Fatimids established the Tunisian city of Mahdia as their new capital.
Modern researchers and cultural experts attest to widespread Tongan influence and evidence of transoceanic trade and exchange of material and non-material cultural artifacts.
It was not recognised by any country, but existed until mid-July, the same year.
Mogaung ended the kingdoms of Sagaing and Pinya in 1364.
An Armenian principality and later a kingdom Cilician Armenia was located on the coast of the Mediterranean Sea between the 11th and 14th centuries.
Jefferson Davis later lamented that the Confederacy had "disappeared" in 1865.
It transformed the country into a parliamentary democracy that recalled "New Deal" priorities of the 1930s politics by Roosevelt.
During the 11th and 12th centuries it began to develop as an empire following the decline of the Ghana Empire to the north.
A large faction based in the northern Cibao region were opposed to the union with Gran Colombia and also sided with Haitian president Boyer.
The Habbaris ruled Sindh until 1010 when the Soomra Khafif took over Sidh.
In 1899, they formally agreed to establish a joint protectorate: Egypt on the basis of its previous claims and Britain by right of conquest.
The capital of Malta is Valletta, which at 0.8 km2, is the smallest national capital in the European Union by area.
Kush was centered at Napata during its early phase.
The Seljuq sultans bore the brunt of the Crusades, and eventually succumbed to the Mongol invasion in 1243.
Today Reutlingen is home to an established textile industry and also houses machinery, leather goods and steel manufacturing facilities.
While Taiwan was under Japanese rule, the Republic of China was established on the mainland in 1912 after the fall of the Qing dynasty.
It was one of what were colloquially referred to as the three Rhodesian protectorates, the other two being Southern Rhodesia and Barotziland-North-Western Rhodesia.
It was headed by a Texas university student named John Kyle, who uses the title Prince John and the nation started functioning in 2014 by Jlk.
Frisia is the traditional homeland of the Frisians, a Germanic people that speaks Frisian languages, which together with English form the Anglo-Frisian language group.
He adopted the title of Tianwang and named his era Tiantai.
Dinkelsbühl is a historic town in Central Franconia, a region of Germany that is now part of the state of Bavaria, in southern Germany.
His successors struggled to contain the Arab tide.
Benin received only modest support from other communist countries, hosting several teams from cooperating Cuba, East Germany, the USSR, and North Korea.
As such, the entity is primarily a result of the Bosnian war without any direct historical precedent.
The term "province" in America had an imprecise meaning.
The rebel anti-Gaddafi forces formed a committee named the National Transitional Council, on 27 February 2011.
The Sudanese Republic officials resisted this dissolution, cut off diplomatic relations with Senegal, and defiantly changed the name of their country to Mali.
Its capital, known by the same name, was located in modern-day Fengtai County in Huainan.
Chiang Kai-shek couldn't trust Sheng, who tried renegotiating with Joseph Stalin, so he deposed him and installed direct rule in 1944.
Like the small kingdoms that preceded it, Ava was led by Bamarised Shan kings who claimed descent from the kings of Pagan.
The Axis powers, also known as the Axis and the Rome–Berlin–Tokyo Axis, were the nations that fought in World War II against the Allied forces.
After 1279, Peter III of Aragon established that the king of Majorca was a vassal to the king of Aragon.
It now forms part of the Mpumalanga province.
The micronation was founded on 21 April 1970 by Leonard Casley, who declared his farm to be an independent country under the name Hutt River Province.
The name means "a person or people of the river."
Most of the country was conquered by the Spanish in the 16th century, becoming part of the viceroyalty of New Spain.
The Ulaid feature prominently in the Ulster Cycle of Irish mythology.
He was succeeded by his son, Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi, the last Shah of Iran.
Although the RSI claimed most of the lands of Italy as rightfully belonging to it, it held political control over a vastly reduced portion of Italy.
While it does not share a border with Kazakhstan, Mongolia is separated from it by only 36.76 kilometers.
Gradually, more members of the Communist Party and communist-aligned parties gained control of the administration and pre-war political leaders were steadily eliminated from political life.
Maijishan lies more or less on a main route connecting China and Central Asia west of modern Xi'an), just south of the Weihe.
It is known for its impressive castle and beautiful location in the Our valley.
Chinese traveller Hiuen Tsang visited Kanchipuram during Pallava rule and extolled their benign rule.
Paolo went abroad, however, and left Carlo's sister Mariangela as regent in his absence.
After the occupation by the Japanese Empire during World War II ended in 1945, nationalist leaders on Java unilaterally declared Indonesian independence.
The Principality, suzerainty of the Ottoman Empire, de facto achieved full independence when the last Ottoman troops left Belgrade in 1867.
The Colony of British Columbia was a crown colony in British North America from 1858 until 1866.
Later, it became one of the 4 quarters of Guelders.
The country is considered to have the earliest written governing documents, or constitution, still in effect.
The khan was assisted by a chancellor/vizer/chief minister in his court.
The Commonwealth of the Philippines was intended to be a transitional government in preparation for the country's full achievement of independence in 1946.
The Duchy of Oldenburg — named after its capital, the town of Oldenburg — was a state in the north-west of present-day Germany.
The sultanate and state were established by the inhabitants of the Harar Plateau.
Other minorities include Arameans, Armenians, Assyrians, Black Hebrew Israelites, Circassians, Maronites and Samaritans.
It officially comprises the executive branch of government, with the parliament serving as the legislative branch.
Pusao was on the site of modern-day Tanghe County, Hubei Province then capital of the State of Liao."
Treaties aiming for Armenia's and Kyrgyzstan's accession to the Eurasian Economic Union were signed on 9 October and 23 December 2014, respectively.
After the fall of the Liao, the Tatars experienced pressure from the Jurchen Jin dynasty and were urged to fight against the other Mongol tribes.
The Free Imperial City of Kempten was a Free Imperial City in the Swabian Circle.
It has been a member of NATO since 2004, and part of the European Union since 2007.
Werle is represented in one of the seven fields of the coat of arms of Mecklenburg.
The UN also indicates a population density of 295 per Km2 and its estimated 2020 population is 53,263.
No roads connect the settlements; instead snowmobiles, aircraft and boats serve inter-community transport.
The Governorate General of Rio de Janeiro was a colonial administration of the Portuguese Empire.
The first era of the Portuguese empire originated at the beginning of the Age of Discovery.
Fishing was also very important and was almost considered as important as agriculture.
The rulers of Eastern Ganga dynasty defended their kingdom from the constant attacks of the Muslim rulers.
At its zenith during World War II, the Axis presided over territories that occupied large parts of Europe, North Africa, and East Asia.
Cuban independence from the United States was guaranteed in the Platt Amendment proposed to the United States Congress in 1901.
Salm-Kyrburg was a state of the Holy Roman Empire located in present-day Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, one of the various partitions of Salm.
Atropatene also was the nominal ancestor of the name Azerbaijan.
The region is home to the Basque people, their language, culture and traditions.
The increase in prosperity was accompanied by a controversial foreign policy, and there was increased political repression at home.
Up to 1477, the area under French suzerainty was located west of the Scheldt River and was called "Royal Flanders".
However, Bhutan continues to be a least developed country.
It was forced to recognize the suzerainty of the Electorate of Saxony in 1738.
The population, excluding Mayotte, is estimated at 798,000.
It had an interest to end the frequent Estonian Viking attacks that threatened its Baltic trade.
Hilakku was one of the Neo-Hittite states during the Iron Age in southern Anatolia during the 1st millennium BC.
the Scattered Islands, a dispersed group of islands around the coast of Madagascar.
The name "Nepal" is first recorded in texts from the Vedic Age, the era which founded Hinduism, the predominant religion of the country.
Its northern and eastern borders are the approximate boundaries of the modern state of Belgium with the Netherlands and Germany, at their "tripoint".
Subanons generally refer to themselves as a whole as the gbansa Subanon, meaning “the Subanon nation”.
The Swiss Confederacy fell to invasion by the French Revolutionary Army in 1798, after which it became the short-lived Helvetic Republic.
The Federation was established with a Governor-General as the Queen's representative at the centre.
The Republic of Indonesia’s Strategy Council had prepared an emergency plan to create a "government in exile" in Sumatra or overseas.
In the north, it was bounded by the sea, some five miles from Nekor.
The County of Stolberg-Rossla was a county of the Holy Roman Empire.
In addition to the GCC, it is an active member of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation and OPEC.
He refused to wear the formal clothing of the emperor outside of his encounters with Jin officials.
Besides the capital Kinshasa, the two next largest cities Lubumbashi and Mbuji-Mayi are both mining communities.
Unemployment in Wallonia is more than double that of Flanders, which boomed after the war.
These are based on names of rivers, lakes, mountains, or locations.
Zaragoza's taifa emerged in the 11th century following the destruction of the Caliphate of Córdoba in the Moorish Iberian Peninsula.
Zhang, a former prime minister of the Song Dynasty, was installed emperor of the new dynasty.
These include mainly Greek and Roman histories, but also Chinese histories, prompted by the Han Chinese desire to form alliances against the Xiongnu.
It rotated between absolute and constitutional monarchy from 1822 until 1834, and was a decisive constitutional monarchy after 1834.
The Archduchy of Austria was a major principality of the Holy Roman Empire and the nucleus of the Habsburg Monarchy.
It was founded in the early 17th-century by a Persian, Dato Mogol, and flourished during the reign of his son, Sultan Sulaiman Shah.
The Dendi Kingdom was a West African state in modern-day Niger founded by the Songhai people after the collapse of the Songhai Empire.
The British Empire thereby became the foremost world power for the next century.
Later historians have used the term Vermont Republic to refer to the government of Vermont that existed from 1777 to 1791.
Theodosius I, the last emperor to rule over both East and West, died in 395 AD after making Christianity the official religion of the Empire.
Portugal, officially the Portuguese Republic, is a sovereign state located on the Iberian Peninsula in southwestern Europe.
Modern historians are divided on the historicity of the United Monarchy as described in the Bible.
Soon after the self-proclamation on 8 April 1993 Vevčani fall under jurisdiction of the Struga Municipality of Macedonia and the republic came to an end.
The republic had its capital at Turin.
Bardera, Afmadow, Bu'aale, Luuq and Beled Haawo are the region's other principal cities.
Part of the county, the so-called Barrois mouvant, became a fief of the Kingdom of France in 1301.
This article covers euro gold and silver commemorative coins issued by Azienda Autonoma Di Stato Filatelica E Numismatica.
In the Second World War, Britain's colonies in Southeast Asia were occupied by Imperial Japan.
A majority live in rural areas, and have little access to advanced education.
The Medang or Mataram Kingdom was a Javanese Hindu–Buddhist kingdom that flourished between the 8th and 10th centuries.
Berchtesgaden Provostry or the Prince-Provostry of Berchtesgaden was an immediate principality of the Holy Roman Empire, held by a canonry, i.e.
After the Anglo-Boer War, Swaziland was a British protectorate from 1903 until 1967.
As an era of Chinese history, it was preceded by the last imperial dynasty of China, the Qing dynasty, and ended with the Chinese Civil War.
This allowed for the construction of ambitious projects, such as a wall on the northern border, now known as the Great Wall of China.
His eldest son William IV inherited the northern half and the capital of Kassel.
The kings who descended from Chandra were called Chandravanshi.
During the High Middle Ages, it also comprised the northern Neumark and Uckermark areas as well as Circipania and Mecklenburg-Strelitz.
The size of the empire at its inception was around 1,112,000 square kilometres, with a population of between 10 and 20 million people.
Together with Lüshunkou it controlled the entrance to the Gulf of Zhili and, thus, the seaward approaches to Beijing.
A baronial family of Toggenburg is mentioned in the 11th and 12th centuries, but their genealogical connection to the comital family is unclear.
Originally created as a Crown colony, the power of the British government was vested in a governor.
Nepal also has a vast potential to generate hydropower for export.
The official languages are Spanish, Portuguese and Guarani.
The disastrous 1890 British Ultimatum led to the contraction of Portuguese ambitions in Africa.
French West Africa was a federation of eight French colonial territories in Africa: Mauritania, Senegal, French Sudan, French Guinea, Ivory Coast, Upper Volta, Dahomey and Niger.
During the late 7th century, however, an Avar-Slavic alliance in the west, and Khazars in the east, defeated the Bulgars and the Great Bulgaria disintegrated.
On 3 October 1990, the country was reunified.
Prominent Chedis during the Kurukshetra War included Damaghosha, Shishupala, Dhrishtaketu, Suketu, Sarabha, Bhima's wife, Nakula's wife Karenumati, Dhrishtaketu's sons.
Shan State is a state of Myanmar.
This dynasty was succeeded by the Nanda Empire in c. 345 BCE.
The Rai Dynasty was a power during the Classical period on the Indian subcontinent, which originated in the region of Sindh.
Luxembourg served on the United Nations Security Council for the years 2013 and 2014, which was a first in the country's history.
Consolidation of the Lithuanian lands began in the late 12th century.
As a result, Butuan is considered to have been a major trading port in the Caraga region during the pre-colonial era.
The capital was moved from Nongoma to Ulundi in 1980.
With a population of fewer than 300 people, Senarica was an independent republic for about four centuries until the end of the eighteenth century.
The countries of the Non-Aligned Movement represent nearly two-thirds of the United Nations' members and contain 55% of the world population.
Each of the islands, except Bassas da India and Banc du Geyser, has an airstrip of more than 1,000 metres.
For many centuries it and its abbesses enjoyed great prestige and influence.
These comprise about half the area of Tarawa Atoll.
The country's geography is defined primarily by mountains, valleys, and rivers.
From the 16th century, Savoy belonged to the Upper Rhenish Circle.
Japan fully captured the Philippines on May 6, 1942, after the Battle of Corregidor.
The frescoes are by Johann Georg Dieffenbrunner.
The republic was governed by the Communist Party of Ukraine as an unitary socialist republic.
The Republic of Cospaia was a small state in Italy, located in northern Umbria, independent from 1440 to 1826.
Persia influenced Roman culture considerably during the Sasanian period.
Though often anathema to Legalist philosophy, Confucianism and its values too coexisted with "Legalism" during the reign of the First Emperor.
They were followers of the Mahayana and Tantric schools of Buddhism.
The Dutch prohibited the rearing of the clove-tree in all the other islands subject to their rule, in order to secure the monopoly to Ambon.
The war ended in a stalemate when a ceasefire was reached in 1988, which resulted in a status quo ante bellum.
In 1932 the two kingdoms were unified as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
Other Chedis included King Uparichara Vasu, his children, King Suvahu, King Sahaja.
In the mid-1240s, Viradhavala's son Visaladeva usurped the throne.
The legal status of Sudan was only resolved in 1954, when Egypt and Britain agreed that it should be granted independence in 1956.
It retained, however, most of its leadership and one-party structure, while undergoing a transition and eventually giving way to the restoration of the Kingdom of Cambodia.
In 1839, the Sultanate became Aden Protectorate of the British Empire, though nominally the 'Abdali Sultan retained his status.
The country was governed by the People's Movement for the Liberation of Angola, which was responsible for the transition into a Marxist-Leninist one party state.
The Second French Empire was the Imperial Bonapartist regime of Napoleon III from 1852 to 1870, between the Second Republic and the Third Republic, in France.
The capital is Astana, where it was moved in 1997 from Almaty, the country's largest city.
Beginning in the early 20th century, it was ruled by a series of dictators backed by the United Fruit Company and the United States government.
The war itself was the fifth phase with its disasters and defeats, while the rump Salò government under German control was the final stage.
During World War II, Reichskommissariat Ukraine, was the civilian occupation regime of much of German-occupied Ukraine.
This event marked the defeat of the Bulgarian nationalism and the victory of the Macedonism in the area.
The plan did not work out, owing to the difficulties of railroad construction in the interior.
Ivory Coast's political capital is Yamoussoukro, and its economic capital and largest city is the port city of Abidjan.
The Kingdom of Prussia was thus abolished in favour of a republic—the Free State of Prussia, a state of Germany from 1918 until 1933.
In 1936, it was made the Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic, part of the Soviet Union.
The settlement of New Sweden encroached on its southern flank, while its northern border was re-drawn to accommodate an expanding New England.
The government and national parliament are seated in Copenhagen, the nation's capital, largest city and main commercial centre.
The freshly elected National Convention abolished the monarchy on 21 September 1792, ending 203 years of consecutive Bourbon rule over France.
It is part of the British Overseas Territory of Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha.
Thus, it extended from Newfoundland to the Canadian prairies and from Hudson Bay to the Gulf of Mexico, including all the Great Lakes of North America.
The Grand Duchy of Würzburg was a German grand duchy centered on Würzburg existing in the early 19th century.
In 1226, the crown was passed to rival Hethumids through Isabella's second husband, Hethum I.
In February 2009, the discovery of a mass grave with 49 human bodies was announced by archaeologists.
Stolberg-Rossla emerged as a partition of Stolberg-Stolberg in 1706.
During the 18th century the family had immediate status as ruling counts of a small territory of the Holy Roman Empire.
Haijin laws intended to protect the coasts from "Japanese" pirates instead turned many into smugglers and pirates themselves.
Within the Schengen Area, passport controls have been abolished.
These regions are internationally recognized as part of Azerbaijan pending a solution to the status of the Nagorno-Karabakh, found through negotiations facilitated by the OSCE.
The lordship of Strassberg however was annexed to the Principality of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen.
São Paulo Province was one of the provinces of Brazil.
The governor-captain general was also president of the Royal Audiencia of Guatemala.
Napoleon planned to form several puppet states in the realm of these three cantons.
In 1846, in the aftermath of the unsuccessful Kraków Uprising, it was annexed by the Austrian Empire.
The origin and date of state establishment is uncertain.
In 1796, Great Britain took over these three colonies during hostilities with the French, who had occupied the Netherlands.
The island was named La Española and claimed by Spain, which ruled until the early 17th century.
The Pandyan empire was home to temples including Meenakshi Amman Temple in Madurai, and Nellaiappar Temple built on the bank of the river Thamirabarani in Tirunelveli.
The kingdom was heavily agricultural, like the other Italian states; the church owned 50–65% of the land by 1750.
Soon afterwards Rose Island issued a number of stamps, including a stamp showing the approximate location of Rose Island in the Adriatic Sea.
The comital residence was at Wernigerode, now part of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
The Lavachakkaraj or "Lao dynasty" would go on to rule the area for 700 years.
The official language is Catalan, although Spanish, Portuguese, and French are also commonly spoken.
Around 1800 BC, the site was renamed "Shubat-Enlil" by the Assyrian king, Shamshi-Adad I and it became the capital of Assyria in northern Mesopotamia.
In 2012, France founded parc naturel marin des Glorieuses, a marine protected area, to preserve the endangered flora and fauna of the islands.
The French were aware that Siamese control of territory was weak.
After adopting a new constitution in 1933, the regime changed its name to Estado Novo.
The Kingdom of Majorca passed to James, who reigned under the name of James II of Majorca.
Abu Abd Allah al-Sheikh Muhammad ibn Yahya was the first Wattasid Sultan.
Situated in an area claimed by both Somaliland as well as Puntland, Maakhir was mostly occupied by the former and in 2009 dissolved into the latter.
Malaysia is a federal constitutional monarchy located in Southeast Asia.
Since the 2000s, Iran's controversial nuclear program has raised concerns, which is part of the basis of the international sanctions against the country.
It is now within the boundaries of Uzbekistan.
Since Spain's only hope of compensation lay in Portugal, co-operation with the emperor became more important.
The Kings of Denmark laid a claim on Estonia as their possession, which was recognised by the pope.
In 1900 the Ashanti Uprising took place.
Calling for "National Regeneration", the French Government at Vichy reversed many liberal policies and began tight supervision of the economy, with central planning a key feature.
The Kingdom liberated the serfs and gave everyone equal rights and the right to a jury trial.
Locals refer to Grande Terre as Le Caillou.
On 20 July 1961 and through a popular referendum, the people of Somalia ratified a new constitution, which was first drafted in 1960.
The military dictatorship of Chile was an authoritarian military government that ruled Chile between 1973 and 1990.
A Provisional government took power after the liberation of the country from German forces on 28 November.
The Kushite era of rule in Nubia was established after the Bronze Age collapse and the disintegration of the New Kingdom of Egypt.
These territories are classified by whether they are incorporated and whether they have an organized government through an Organic Act passed by the U.S. Congress.
The British achieved legitimacy for their continued control by obtaining a mandate from the League of Nations in June 1922.
Ecotourism and agriculture, paired with greater investments in education, health, and private enterprise, are key elements of Madagascar's development strategy.
The medieval state took form around the city of Pamplona during the first centuries of the Iberian Reconquista.
A second Sudanese civil war soon developed, and ended with the Comprehensive Peace Agreement of 2005.
Tunisia is a unitary semi-presidential representative democratic republic.
Cape Verde is a member of the African Union.
Vietnamese revolutionary leader Hồ Chí Minh declared independence from France on 2 September 1945 and announced the creation of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam.
The resident population is 31,458 as of 2012  of whom 23,769 live on Providenciales in the Caicos Islands.
and established one of the greatest empires in South India.
The Landgraviate of Hesse-Darmstadt was a State of the Holy Roman Empire, ruled by a younger branch of the House of Hesse.
In 1187, one Werner of Toggenburg became abbot of Einsiedeln.
Egyptians again conquered Sudan in 1874, and after Britain occupied Egypt in 1882, it took over Sudan in 1898, ruling the country in conjunction with Egypt.
It is not a member of the European Union, but the euro is the official currency.
The less-militant members of the ICU went into exile in Eritrea and Djibouti, where they formed the Alliance for the Re-Liberation of Somalia in September 2007.
The Bahmani Sultanate was a Muslim state of the Deccan in South India and one of the major medieval Indian kingdoms.
Micronesian colonists reached the Marshall Islands using canoes circa 2nd millennium BC, with inter-island navigation made possible using traditional stick charts.
It was established as the Transitional Darfur Regional Authority in April 2007 under the terms of the 2006 Darfur Peace Agreement  signed in May 2006.
The Shunga Empire was an ancient Indian dynasty from Magadha that controlled vast areas of the Indian subcontinent from around 187 to 78 BCE.
In November 1755, Pasquale Paoli proclaimed Corsica a sovereign nation, the Corsican Republic, independent from the Republic of Genoa.
Alexandria became the capital city and a major center of Greek culture and trade.
Wilhelm Adolf died in 1734 and Rantzau was inherited by the Dukedom of Holstein, which was reigned by the Danish kings and its secundogeniturs.
It can not be entirely the fault of the BMA as it was a much different organisation compared to the pre-War efficient administrative machinery..
The Republic of Prekmurje was an unrecognized state in Prekmurje, an area traditionally known in Hungarian as Vendvidék.
The County of Holzappel was an immediate state of the Holy Roman Empire, located in the present German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.
In 1434, Muang Phuan entered into a tributary relationship with the Dai Viet.
Alongside the Welser family, the family controlled much of the European economy in the sixteenth century and accumulated enormous wealth.
The monastery was founded in 782 by Tassilo III, Duke of Bavaria.
The Arghun dynasty ruled the area between southern Afghanistan and the Sindh province of Pakistan from the late 15th century to the early 16th century.
The Christianization of the Anglo-Saxons began in Kent under Æthelberht's reign with the arrival of the monk Augustine of Canterbury and his Gregorian mission in 597.
The People's Revolutionary Party of Benin, designed as a vanguard party, was created on the same day as the country's only legal party.
The regime targeted Serbs, Jews and Roma as part of a large-scale genocide campaign, as well as anti-fascist or dissident Croats and Muslims.
The ICU subsequently splintered into more radical groups such as Al-Shabaab, which battled the TFG and its AMISOM allies for control of the region.
Chile is today one of South America's most stable and prosperous nations.
The family is attested from the early 13th century, as Toccanburg, later Tochimburc.
The kingdom and its Junta were dissolved by Maria Cristina of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, Regent of Spain, in 1834.
After World War I, the territory was divided between France and the United Kingdom as League of Nations mandates.
During and after the colonial period the powers of the emirate were steadily reduced.
Herbert Blaize was the first Premier of the Associated State of Grenada from March to August 1967.
Dominica has been nicknamed the "Nature Isle of the Caribbean" for its natural environment.
At first the Muslim Bashkirs declined to participate, but later in 1917 they and the Volga Germans joined the League of Idel-Ural.
It reserves the right to enter Gaza at will with its military and maintains a no-go buffer zone within the Gaza territory.
The confederation was dominated by two Turkic nomadic tribes: the Cumans and the Kipchaks.
It was the smallest state to maintain an independent status for that long, although now it is a frazione of the comune of Crognaleto.
Its capital and largest city is Nairobi.
Waalo was paid fees for every boatload of gum arabic or slaves that was shipped on the river, in return for its "protection" of the trade.
It is now a World Heritage Site.
Later the capital of Denkyira moved to Abankeseso.
Lippe was a historical state in Germany, ruled by the House of Lippe.
It is part of what is today called Dutch India.
As a nation formed at a crossroads of different civilisations, the archipelago is noted for its diverse culture and history.
Its Amazon River basin includes a vast tropical forest, home to diverse wildlife, a variety of ecological systems, and extensive natural resources spanning numerous protected habitats.
Prussia, with its capital in Königsberg and from 1701 in Berlin, shaped the history of Germany.
The actual location of the longphort of Dublin is still a hotly debated issue.
In antiquity, Somalia was an important commercial centre.
The puppet Helvetic Republic served Napoleon's purposes well for some time, until it became ridden with internal strife and disputes and became unstable.
Twente is most likely named after the Tuihanti or Tvihanti, a Germanic tribe that settled in the area and was mentioned by the Roman historian Tacitus.
The Pallavas, who left behind magnificent sculptures and temples, established the foundations of medieval South Indian architecture.
The Duchy of Drutsk was a small appanage principality of the Polotsk principality and was centred in Drutsk.
The country is a constitutional monarchy, but the king holds wide executive and legislative powers.
It should not be confused with the County of Beilstein, or Nassau-Beilstein, which belonged to the House of Nassau.
It is bordered by French Guiana to the east, Guyana to the west and Brazil to the south.
Founded around the 3rd century BC the kingdom maintained independence until around 90 BC when Tigranes the Great conquered the territories as part of his empire.
In case of death, resignation or incapacity, the vice mayor becomes the mayor.
Only in 1929 the - meanwhile former - immunity district was incorporated into the city itself.
Following the passage of the Philippine Independence Act in 1934, a Philippine presidential election was held in 1935.
The Governorate of Paraguay, originally called the Governorate of Guayrá, was a governorate of the Spanish Empire and part of the Viceroyalty of Peru.
This was due to the Mongolian conquest of the 13th century which decentralized and fragmented Georgia, forcing the relocation of governmental centers to the provinces.
The name "Demerara" comes from a variant of the Arawak word "Immenary" or "Dumaruni" which means "river of the letter wood".
Controversy exists over the Falklands' discovery and subsequent colonisation by Europeans.
The union maintains permanent diplomatic missions throughout the world and represents itself at the United Nations, the World Trade Organization, the G7, and the G20.
With 2.8 million people, Jamaica is the third-most populous Anglophone country in the Americas, and the fourth-most populous country in the Caribbean.
It is a nesting site for birds and green sea turtles.
The later state of South Vietnam was created in 1954 by combining Cochinchina with southern Annam.
Between 1072 and 1157 it was again united with León, and after 1230 this union became permanent.
New Armies were organized, but the ambitious Hundred Days' Reform of 1898 was turned back by Empress Dowager Cixi, a conservative leader.
The group was backed by both Cuba and the Soviet Union.
The dynasty ruled across the Mediterranean coast of Africa and ultimately made Egypt the centre of the caliphate.
The independence of the United Kingdom of Libya was declared on 24 December 1951, and on 27 December, Emir Idris was enthroned as King Idris I.
Plymouth Colony was an English colonial venture in North America from 1620 to 1691.
The Seljuk Sultanate of Rûm ruled Anatolia until the Mongol invasion in 1243, when it disintegrated into small Turkish beyliks.
Between April and December 1918 the Ukrainian People's Republic did not function, having been overthrown by the Ukrainian State of Pavlo Skoropadsky.
The ancient Tamil country was divided into kingdoms.
The current framework of ECO expresses itself mostly in the form of bilateral agreements and arbitration mechanisms between individual and fully sovereign member states.
Laos has also had a poor human rights record.
The House of Auersperg is an Austrian noble family with its roots in Carniola.
It is well known for its well-preserved medieval old town, a destination for tourists from around the world.
日 can be read as ni and means sun, while 本 can be read as hon, or pon and means origin.
Independence was proclaimed on January 1, 1956.
West Francia extended further south than modern France, but it did not extend as far east.
Due to the successful offensive in July 1920, the Soviet government also created the Polrevkom and had intentions to create the Polish Socialist Soviet Republic.
Denmark remained neutral during World War I.
The climate is equatorial, with significant rainfall during the May–October rainy season and harsh harmattan winds the remainder of the year.
Thereafter, and despite occasional revolts and Turkish raids, the island largely prospered, and Venetian rule opened up a window into the ongoing Italian Renaissance.
The Berlin Conference recognised the society as sovereign over the territories it controlled and in 1885 its structures were acquired by the Congo Free State.
The president of the organization is Nikola Dobroslavic, President of the Region of Dubrovnik.
Solms-Laubach was mediatised to Hesse-Darmstadt in 1806.
Renjun, a son of Rennyo, won the war, abolished the position of shugo, exiled Taneyasu, and established a much tighter Hongan-ji hegemony over the province.
It was founded by Raja Kecik from the Johor Kingdom, after he failed to seize the throne of the Sultanate of Johor.
In 1990, Kuwait was invaded by Iraq.
In the 5th century, the Corcu Loígde of Munster displaced the Dál Birn and brought Osraige under Munster's direct control.
In 1948, the protectorate was merged in the Provisional Central Government of Vietnam, which was replaced the next year by the newly established State of Vietnam.
During the period of the German Confederation, Frankfurt continued to be a major city.
In 1977, the name was changed to Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya.
Lotharingia was a medieval successor kingdom of the Carolingian Empire, comprising the present-day Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg, North Rhine-Westphalia, Rhineland-Palatinate, Saarland, and Lorraine.
Its population is approximately 60,000, and its capital is George Town.
Kenya, officially the Republic of Kenya, is a country in Africa and a founding member of the East African Community.
The Belgian Congo was a Belgian colony in Central Africa between 1908 and 1960 in what is now the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Teng was a vassal of the State of Lu, and is famed as the birthplace of the Chinese philosopher Mozi and architect Lu Ban.
Pagaruyung was the seat of the Minangkabau kings of Western Sumatra, though little is known about it.
In 1893 they became Princes of Stolberg-Rossla.
The ethnic distinction between the indigenous Hispano-Roman population and the Visigoths had largely disappeared by this time.
The capital is Zanzibar City, located on the island of Unguja.
The empire's bicameral parliament was elected under comparatively democratic methods for the era, as were the provincial and local legislatures.
This partition followed the succession dispute following the death of Mahmud III of Johor, when Abdul Rahman was crowned as the first Sultan of Riau-Lingga.
A regular bombing campaign over North Vietnam, conducted by offshore U.S.
It is part of the district of Ravensburg, in the western, Württembergish part of the Allgäu region.
The Duchy was established after the expulsion of Viking armies from the region around 939.
Their administrations were divided into executive, judicial, and military functions.
Eventually it lost, decayed, and in 1485 was annexed by the Grand Duchy of Moscow.
In late November 1918, ships of the Allies of World War I landed in Crimea but they withdrew by early 1919.
The electorate was secularized in 1803 during Napoleonic rule.
The 1885 Treaty of Simulambuco designated Cabinda a Portuguese protectorate known as the Portuguese Congo, which was administratively separate from Portuguese West Africa.
During the 16th century, expressive Buddhist art and architecture flourished.
Forests on the coastline are composed mostly of salt-tolerant mangrove trees, while the more sparsely populated inland has forests opening onto a plateau of drier grasslands.
Little is known about the Cheras between these two prominent phases which is often called a 'historical darkness'.
The Commonwealth operates by intergovernmental consensus of the member states, organised through the Commonwealth Secretariat and non-governmental organisations, organised through the Commonwealth Foundation.
On 19 March, a contingent of 2nd Battalion, The Parachute Regiment plus forty Metropolitan Police officers, peacefully landed on the island, ostensibly to "restore order".
It stretches north through the forested tropical regions and ends at the Sahel.
It was the first Christian political entity established after the Umayyad conquest of Visigoth Hispania in 718 or 722.
Andorra's tourism services an estimated 10.2 million visitors annually.
The government suspended the constitution and ruled by decree until engulfed by civil war, leading to a United States military intervention on 25 October 1983.
It often acted as a buffer state between England to the east and the powerful south Welsh kingdom of Deheubarth to the west.
It is also sometimes called the "Jurchen dynasty" or the "Jurchen Jin", because its founding Emperor Taizu of Jin was of Wanyan Jurchen descent.
The elimination of Zhang and the Chu buffer state infringed on the treaty that the Jin and Song had negotiated.
The history of Speyer begins with the establishment of a Roman camp in 10 BCE, making it one of Germany's oldest cities.
In 1711 the branch Nassau-Hadamar died out.
The Portuguese government attempted to claim much of this area, but their claims were disputed by the British government.
Arakkal kingdom included little more than the Cannanore town and the southern Laccadive Islands, originally leased from the Kolattiri.
The valley plains are very flat and well-suited to irrigation, which is probably as old as agriculture here.
Slovakia has announced that two of these coins will be minted in 2009, both in silver, with face value of 10 and 20 euros.
It emerged as a subdivision from the Principality of Anhalt from 1252 to 1315.
It was ruled by the Serbian kings Stefan Dragutin and his son Stefan Vladislav II.
Its diverse geography and ecology ranges from coastal savannahs to tropical jungles.
Libya was variously ruled by Carthaginians, Persians, Egyptians and Greeks before becoming a part of the Roman Empire.
The Hutsul Republic was a short-lived state, formed in the aftermath of World War I.
Ardabil Khanate was an 18th-19th century khanate based in Ardabil.
Karl Moore described the first Eblaite kingdom as the first recorded world power.
Dos Pilas and a nearby city, Aguateca, eventually became the twin capitals of a single ruling dynasty.
The original protest event was motivated by a U.S. Border Patrol roadblock and checkpoint that greatly inconvenienced residents and tourists.
Unlike the Dutch, the Japanese facilitated the politicisation of Indonesians down to the village level.
The Later Qin is entirely distinct from the Qin dynasty, the Former Qin and the Western Qin.
Portuguese Timor was the name of East Timor when it was under Portuguese control between 1702 to 1975.
The last ruler of the Shunga dynasty, Devabhuti, was overthrown by Vasudeva of the Kanva dynasty in 75 BC.
The total land area of the territory is 3,903 square kilometres.
Brandenburg developed out of the Northern March founded in the territory of the Slavic Wends.
One of the worst affected properties was Yammacoona, located directly below the weir, and owned by Thomas Barnes since 1970.
The Tarascan state was contemporary with and an enemy of the Aztec Empire, against which it fought many wars.
It allowed the southern region to avoid much of the hardship experienced by the northern, predominantly Han Chinese regions.
The county was ruled by a branch of the House of Stolberg from 1429 until its mediatization to the Kingdom of Prussia in 1806.
The tribe also includes descendants of Cherokee Freedmen and Natchez Nation.
For the 1st millennium Pyu state, see Sri Ksetra Kingdom.
Senegal is bordered by Mauritania in the north, Mali to the east, Guinea to the southeast, and Guinea-Bissau to the southwest.
The ruler of Aceh converted to Islam in the mid-15th century.
When the Gharm Oblast was dissolved in 1955, Darvaz became part of the Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Oblast.
It was governed as British Guiana, with mostly a plantation style economy until the 1950s.
After the Khalq–Parcham struggle, a power struggle within the Khalq faction began between Taraki and Amin.
Djibouti is strategically located near some of the world's busiest shipping lanes, controlling access to the Red Sea and Indian Ocean.
The Central African Republic is a landlocked country in Central Africa.
It included parts of the valley proper and areas north and south, extending to the Atlantic Ocean.
The Third Ashanti War occurred because the new Ashanti ruler Asantehene wanted to exercise his new title.
The Afrighids were a native Chorasmian Iranian dynasty who ruled over the ancient kingdom of Chorasmia until 995 AD.
Its capital, Great Zimbabwe, is the largest stone structure in precolonial Southern Africa.
Carriacou and Petite Martinique is known for its Regatta and Village Maroon.
Brunei's population was 408,786 in July 2012.
Another nearly 4% of the island's area is covered by the UN buffer zone.
Unlike most of the other Free Imperial Cities, Buchau was to remain Catholic in the course of the Reformation.
The Sivaganga estate was ruled by a branch of the Marava royal family of Ramnad.
In the 1970s, there was a brief détente of relations with the United States, but tensions resumed with the Soviet–Afghan War in 1979.
This version of the third Saudi state was created when Abdul Aziz ibn Saud, Emir of Riyadh, declared himself Sultan over Nejd and its dependencies.
Economic development was spurred in the late 19th century with the opening of the country's first casino, Monte Carlo, and a railway connection to Paris.
To earn income, Nauru briefly became a tax haven and illegal money laundering centre.
Free trade agreements between the industrial nations of Iran and Turkey are due to be signed in 2017.
Conflict arose over the administration of the territory which became known as the Congo Crisis.
Ferdinand's loyal supporter Prince Karl I of Liechtenstein, Duke of Opava since 1613, received Krnov.
This period is also known as the Muromachi period.
The movement has produced splinters and offshoots that range from Jemaah Islamiyah to non-violent religious groups.
The Uyunid Emirate, Uyunid Kingdom or Uyunid State, was founded by Abdullah bin Ali Al Uyuni in year 1076-1077.
Centuries later in 1891 the area was colonised by the British.
The empire reached its peak under Emperors Dharmapala and Devapala.
In the event of a war between Austria-Hungary and Russia, Italy promised to remain neutral.
The Kingdom of Janjero was a tiny kingdom located in what is now Ethiopia.
The Peruvian population, estimated at 31.2 million in 2015, is multiethnic, including Amerindians, Europeans, Africans and Asians.
However, on their withdrawal, Swedish troops laid fire to the abbey in December 1646.
Militarily, it is allied with Ali Basher's Aleppo branch of the Syrian Turkmen Brigades.
During the 3rd millennium BC, there developed a very intimate cultural symbiosis between the Sumerians and the Akkadians, which included widespread bilingualism.
Other cities include Kraków, Wrocław, Poznań, Gdańsk and Szczecin.
Dutch involvement on the Slave Coast started with the establishment of a trading post in Offra in 1660.
His successors ruled Gujarat until Karna was defeated by Alauddin Khilji of Delhi Sultanate in 1304 CE.
The County of Flanders was a historic territory in the Low Countries.
Promising Ashanti and Fante young men often completed their higher education in Britain at some of its top universities.
The Diocese of Mercia was founded in 656, with the first bishop, Diuma, based at Repton.
The Slovak Soviet Republic was a short-lived Communist state in southeast Slovakia in existence from 16 June 1919 to 7 July 1919.
It was instrumental in the Guaraní participation on the revolutionary cause).
The Sayyid dynasty was the fourth dynasty of the Delhi Sultanate from 1414 to 1451.
A group of Andalusian exiles conquered Crete in c. 824 or in 827/828, quickly establishing an independent state.
In the 6th century, the Kalachuris gained control of the territories formerly ruled by the Guptas, the Vakatakas and the Vishnukundinas.
Bonoman was a trading state created by the Abron people.
The Armistice between France and Germany in November 1918 forced Germany to withdraw from Belgium and Neutral Moresnet.
His assertion of diplomatic immunity due to his status as Bumbunga's sovereign was unsuccessful, and he was eventually deported and repatriated to the UK.
In 2014, all independence movement groups in West Papua and Iriran Jaya finally formed under a single umbrella organization, the United Liberation Movement for West Papua.
Europeans later called these people Moors/Maures, and thus have titled this group "the Trarza Moors".
Archaeologically, this period corresponds in part to the Northern Black Polished Ware culture.
Before the end of the First World War the territory was part of the German colony of German East Africa.
Anga was an ancient Indian kingdom that flourished on the eastern Indian subcontinent and one of the sixteen mahajanapadas.
The principality was much smaller than the County of Edessa or the Kingdom of Jerusalem.
It is a direct antecedent of the modern-day Saudi Arabia.
The Hephthalites were a people of Central Asia who were militarily important circa 450-560.
The Free and Hanseatic City of Lübeck was a city-state from 1226 to 1937, in what is now the German states of Schleswig-Holstein and Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.
The Russian Empire was an empire that existed from 1721 until it was overthrown by the short-lived February Revolution in 1917.
The Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg-Strelitz was a territory in Northern Germany, held by the younger line of the House of Mecklenburg residing in Neustrelitz.
The República Velha ended in 1930 with a military coup, also known as Brazilian Revolution of 1930 that installed Getúlio Vargas as a dictator.
Many cultivated fields and small farms are found both in the south and north.
The Republic of Maryland was a small country that existed from 1854 to 1857, when it was merged into what is now Liberia.
The 19th-century conflicts with the Russian Empire led to significant territorial losses.
Ahmad al-Mansur, the Moroccan sultan at the time, demanded tax revenues from the empire's salt mines.
The west part of the Euphrates was controlled from the stronghold of Turbessel.
Madog II was forced to flee to the protection of Gwynedd.
By 1872 Lagos was a cosmopolitan trading center with a population over 60,000.
The landscape corresponds to the mountainous plateau between Anatolia, Mesopotamia, the Iranian Plateau, and the Caucasus Mountains, later known as the Armenian Highlands.
The following year, a socialist People's Republic was established under the leadership of Enver Hoxha and the Party of Labour.
In this year, King Jayavarman II had himself declared chakravartin on Phnom Kulen.
Progon was succeeded by his sons Gjin and then Demetrius, who attained the height of the realm.
From 1804 to 1867 the Habsburg Monarchy was formally unified as the Austrian Empire, and from 1867 to 1918 as the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
Attalus I proclaimed himself King in the 230s BC, following his victories over the Galatians.
The eastern border of Edessa was the Tigris, but the County may not have extended quite that far.
The Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem was a crusader state established in the Southern Levant by Godfrey of Bouillon in 1099 after the First Crusade.
The country spends roughly 6.9% of its budget on education, compared to a global average of 4.4%.
Most of the commemorative coins have their equivalents in occasional coins of common use, minted from special brass called “Nordic Gold”.
Waalo was conquered in 1855 by the French, in a campaign of Governor Louis Faidherbe.
In September a Provisional Eastern-Transbaikal Assembly was organized, and Semyonov transferred to it the civil powers.
The ultimate Han victory in these wars eventually forced the Xiongnu to accept vassal status as Han tributaries.
Only three Kalachuri kings are known from inscriptional evidence: Shankaragana, Krishnaraja, and Buddharaja.
Much of the non-desert portions of the country are threatened by periodic drought and desertification.
They also lost parts of modern-day Afghanistan and Uzbekistan to British Empire
The Piedmontese Republic was declared on 10 September 1798; General Joubert occupied the Sardinian capital of Turin on 6 December 1798.
The Russian Tsar Ivan IV declared the establishment of the kingdom during the Livonian War of 1558-1583, but it never functioned properly as a polity.
Hatay Province includes districts of Erzin, Dörtyol and Hassa in addition to former Hatay State territories.
Taunggyi is 150.7 km north east of the nation's capital Naypyitaw.
It was envisioned as the model for the eventual reunification with Taiwan and other islands, where the Republic of China has resided since 1949.
Between September 2006 and July 2008, the Georgian recognized government was headquartered in Upper Abkhazia.
Latvia is a unitary state, divided into 119 administrative divisions, of which 110 are municipalities and 9 are cities.
The Axis powers agreed on their opposition to the Allies, but did not completely coordinate their activity.
The state was bordered by Austria to the north, Hungary to the east, and the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes to the west and south.
After the end of invasions from Manchuria, Joseon experienced a nearly 200-year period of peace.
The nation has a total area of approximately 117,600 km2, and includes the Dahlak Archipelago and several of the Hanish Islands.
South Vietnam, officially the Republic of Vietnam, was a state governing the southern half of the current Socialist Republic of Vietnam from 1955 to 1975.
Though jurisdiction of the Government was declared to cover the whole of the former Mandatory Palestine, its effective jurisdiction was limited to the Gaza Strip.
From 1900 to 1970, Tonga had British protected state status, with the United Kingdom looking after its foreign affairs under a Treaty of Friendship.
With 19,009 inhabitants per km², it is the second smallest and second most densely populated country in the world.
In October 2016, Burundi informed the UN of its intention to withdraw from the International Criminal Court.
Following the Great Polynesian Migration, European explorers visited the islands of French Polynesia on several occasions.
Sponheim-Sayn was a County of Rhineland-Palatinate and North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
As of April 2008, it has a population of 109,828.
Historically, territories were created to govern newly acquired land while the borders of the United States were still evolving.
The new constitution was adopted by referendum on December 1990.
Iraq was placed under the authority of the United Kingdom as the British Mandate of Mesopotamia.
The area that is now Nakhchivan became part of the Safavid dynasty of Iran in the 16th century.
The country became fully independent on 25 November 1975.
The defeat of the Western Gangas by Cholas around 1000 resulted in the end of the Ganga influence over the region.
Tatar was one of the five major Mongol tribal confederations in the Mongolian Plateau in the 12th century.
The car industry represents 43% of Slovakia’s industrial output, and a quarter of its exports.
The island is part of the Commonwealth of Australia.
The capital was moved from Fustat to al-Qata'i, where the celebrated mosque of Ibn Tulun was constructed.
The period is also known under the names the Third Reich and the National Socialist Period.
The legislature consisted of Dáil Éireann and Seanad Éireann, also known as the Senate.
The Neo-Assyrian Empire was an Iron Age Mesopotamian empire, in existence between 911 and 612 BC.
In the north and north-east it bordered East Frisia, Oldenburg and the Electorate of Hanover.
The County of Mark was a county and state of the Holy Roman Empire in the Lower Rhenish–Westphalian Circle.
A capital was the city of Odryssa, as inscribed on coins.
It also aims to exert additional pressure for action to tackle the challenge, which includes local action by countries considered susceptible.
The Maukharis established their independence at Kannauj, during the 6th century.
The country's maritime territory in the Bay of Bengal is roughly equal to the size of its land area.
The Ghurids or Ghorids were a dynasty of Eastern Iranian descent, from the Ghor region of present-day central Afghanistan.
The first half of the 11th century saw the decline and eventual collapse of the kingdom.
The Zhou dynasty lasted longer than any other dynasty in Chinese history.
The Yueban-descended Shato played an important role in Chinese dynastic history.
It was the successor state of the Septinsular Republic.
On 18 March 1902, the Territory was placed under the authority of the Commonwealth of Australia.
Swedish Pomerania was a Dominion under the Swedish Crown from 1630 to 1815, situated on what is now the Baltic coast of Germany and Poland.
The territory between the Dniepr and Berezyna was overrun quickly, with Aleksey Trubetskoy taking Mstsislaw and Roslavl.
However, this first unification of al-Andalus under Abd al-Rahman still took more than twenty-five years to complete.
Upon his death, Emperor Henry IV assigned this fief to Henry III, Count of Louvain and Count of Brussels, as the Landgraviate of Brabant.
Later, after the fall of the Vijayanagara's Tuluva dynasty, the Gingee rulers declared independence.
British North America refers to the former territories of the British Empire in mainland North America.
Hausa communities too were found in the Kwararafa territory.
Colonial rule under the French began in 1900 when the Military Territory of Chad was established.
The Baltic states cooperate on a regional level in several intergovernmental organizations, principally through the Baltic Assembly.
The modern peoples of Ukraine, Belarus, and Russia all claim Kievan Rus' as their cultural ancestors, the latter two even deriving their names from it.
