Satish is an Indian pedophile and serial killer.
His legitimate profession was as part owner of a butcher shop in the Bronx.
He was employed by the Leicestershire County Council as the officer-in-charge of several children's homes in Leicestershire, between 1973 and 1986.
On 31 January 2000, a jury found Shipman guilty of fifteen murders.
He killed his daughter, Wuane, who was born from his first marriage.
Paroled in 1967, between 1977 and 1996 he murdered at least 5 people and is suspected in many other killings as well.
Stuart falsely alleged that his wife and unborn child were shot and killed by an African-American assailant.
In 1969, he was charged with murdering a man and woman in Texas, but was only convicted of discharging a firearm within city limits.
After lodging an appeal against his sentence, Sukumaran's appeal was initially dismissed by the Bali High Court.
Rather than face the charges, Schultz went into hiding and Abe Weinberg assumed control of his criminal operations.
On 15 May 2012 he was dismissed from the Metropolitan Police.
Mark Andrew Twitchell is a Canadian convicted of first degree murder in 2011 for killing John Brian "Johnny" Altinger.
Doss finally confessed to the murders in October 1954, after her fifth husband had died in a small hospital in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Pasquale Condello is an Italian criminal known as a member of the 'Ndrangheta.
He was found guilty and sentenced to seven years in prison.
A boxer-turned-criminal, he committed numerous robberies during the 1920s and 1930s as well as being a longtime member of the Dillinger gang.
Born into poor and relatively difficult circumstances, he became something of a petty criminal robber with a strong sense of self-determination.
Siddharth Vashisht, better known as Manu Sharma, is a convicted murderer, serving life imprisonment for the 1999 murder of model Jessica Lal.
In February 2009, Very released an autobiography titled The Untold Story of Ryan.
Powell lost his way in the city, and three days later arrived at a boarding house run by Mary Surratt, mother of co-conspirator John Surratt.
Rodolfo Cadena was a Mexican-American mob boss and legendary figure in the Mexican Mafia prison gang.
Troy LaFerrara was a Port Trevorton, Pennsylvania man murdered on November 11, 2013.
On March 5, 2012, Heirens died at the UIC Medical Center.
She was convicted of murdering her de facto husband's son, Arthur Morris, in 1908.
A former girlfriend of Filyaw's made an anonymous call to Kershaw County's Department of Social Services that alerted the police to him.
Wilbur Underhill, Jr., often called "Mad Dog" or the "Tri-State Terror", was an American criminal, burglar, bank robber and Depression-era outlaw.
He was executed by the state of Georgia in the electric chair.
Most of the alleged attacks occurred in Genesee County, Michigan.
He was commonly called Bontade but the actual surname is Bontate.
Weiss was captured in Austria and extradited pursuant to an international arrest warrant.
She borrowed money from banks, her husband, and her close friend Cecilie Nustad.
The tests that he asked for to show his innocence 'once and for all' show nothing of the sort."
M. Jaishankar, nicknamed Psycho Shankar, is an Indian criminal notorious for a series of rapes and murders during 2008-11.
The state had last executed a woman in 1912.
The brutal nature of the crime shocked Americans, for Anton who walked with a cane was a vulnerable target for a senseless killing.
Jason Eric Massey was an American murderer who was executed in 2001 for the murders of two people.
He was also elevated to the rank of deputy C-in-C of the outfit’s armed wing.
Aloi was a main figure in the famous "Windows Case".
He was initially convicted of 48 separate murders and is presumed to be responsible for more than 90.
Some organizations, such as Amnesty International, argued in favor of clemency due to his age and their opposition to the death penalty in general.
Governor Bob Taft issued a statement on 23 September saying he was denying clemency.
Unlike many bushrangers of the era, Hall was not directly responsible for any deaths, although several of his associates were.
In 2013, the United States Department of Justice reached a deal with Skilling, which resulted in ten years being cut from his sentence.
The 5 of them stormed the train and ordered it to be opened.
Tried and convicted, he was sentenced to death by hanging.
He is the head of AQIM’s legal committee, member of the council of notables and its first judge.
After six days on the run, Moat was recognised by police and contained in the open, leading to a standoff.
A well-known Oklahoma bandit during the 1920s and 1930s, Brady was associated with Wilbur Underhill, Harvey Bailey and Jim Clark.
The cousins insisted the sex was consensual, and they were not charged in her case.
Police were alerted to the gang's operations after a burglary was called into a flat owned by Waithe, where police discovered an 'industrial-scale' cocaine factory.
The organization has also been involved in the production, smuggling and distribution of Mexican methamphetamine, marijuana, ecstasy and heroin across both North America and Europe.
He was known as 'u patri nostru.
Neville George Clevely Heath was an English murderer who was responsible for the deaths of two young women.
Lindh had previously received training with Harkat-ul-Mujahideen, an internationally designated terrorist organization based in Pakistan.
On June 29, 2009, Madoff was sentenced to 150 years in prison, the maximum allowed.
Shakur claimed to have reformed in prison, joined the Republic of New Afrika movement, and wrote a 1993 autobiography called Monster: The Autobiography of an L.A.
Based on an encounter at an interview at the offices of RTLM, Roméo Dallaire, the Force Commander of UNAMIR, has described Bemeriki as "very aggressive."
After serving 14 years in prison for the crime, Dalton capitalized on his notoriety to author books and become an actor in Hollywood.
After serving 18 years of a 32-year sentence, he was exonerated by DNA testing and released, only to be charged with murder two years later.
He "voluntarily surrendered" to authorities on June 18, 2009.
He is also the prime suspect in the 2005 disappearance of Natalee Holloway in Aruba.
Willie Morris "Flukey" Stokes was an American reputed mobster from Chicago, Illinois.
Pollard is the only American who has received a life sentence for passing classified information to an ally of the U.S.
He was not present for four trial dates and the Yemeni prison authorities indicated he is no longer in their custody.
This occurred before computerised processing of fingerprints was developed and fingerprint matching had to be done manually.
He was known as a major donor in national Republican circles.
Forrest Silva "Woody" Tucker was an American career criminal first imprisoned at age 15 who spent the rest of his life in and out of jail.
Scott Scurlock born William Scott Scurlock in Reston, Virginia was the son of a minister.
Jenkins stated that he had committed the killings at the command of the ancient serpent god Apophis.
Hobson was tried for the murders in April 2005.
The murder has inspired plays, novels, non-fiction books, and films including Peter Jackson's 1994 movie Heavenly Creatures.
In July of the same year, Mansfield began legal action against Perth technician and anti-spam campaigner Joey McNicol'.
Scott maintained that he had been in Reading, Pennsylvania when the incident occurred.
During the 1930s, Sabini was said to be permanently resident in a penthouse apartment in the Grand Hotel, Brighton.
Guzmán was first captured in 1993 in Guatemala, extradited and sentenced to 20 years in prison in Mexico for murder and drug trafficking.
He was associated with several high-profile public enemies during his criminal career, including Harvey Bailey, Albert Bates, George "Machine Gun" Kelly and Baby Face Nelson.
Msomi returned to his murderous ways, killing five children before being re-arrested.
After assuming Ernest's identity, Parsons continued to insist that he was Ernest when he was later arrested.
Wortman would eventually, succeed the Sheltons and take over St. Louis's gambling operations in southwest Illinois until his death.
A spree shooting occurred in the Serbian village of Velika Ivanča in the early hours of 9 April 2013.
Before the body of the victim was found, the Hawaiian Trust Company offered a reward of $5,000 with no questions asked.
She had been seen dancing with her boyfriend and Robert McGladdery.
He met Booth and was recruited into an unsuccessful plot to kidnap Lincoln.
Phineas Fay Clanton was the son of Newman Haynes Clanton and the brother of Billy and Ike Clanton.
At its height during 1851 to 1853, the gang earned an estimated $200,000 under Saul's leadership.
His robberies paid close attention to detail of the target properties, and he has been described as "the father of modern bank robbery".
Historians have begun to question the veracity of the traditional legend and some assert that Lavinia Fisher never killed anyone.
Shaheed "Roger" Khan is a Guyanese criminal who was active in drugs trafficking, money laundring and arms smuggling.
Billy Bailey was a convicted murderer hanged in Delaware in 1996.
He pled no contest to killing of Michele A. Gordon, 22, and Kathleen Anne Meyer, 26, in September 1988, on the condition that he be executed.
Several of his tokens, forgeries and printing plates are in the collection of Birmingham Museum & Art Gallery.
He murdered his victims with an accomplice, Junko Ogata, who received a life sentence.
In their separate confessions to police, they describe the events similarly.
The spree took place in Le Grand-Bornand, Haute-Savoie, France.
Hurndall died in January 2004, after a nine-month coma.
He was convicted in 1996 of first-degree murder and four special circumstances of 12-year-old Polly Klaas.
An investigation of the death was reopened in 1991.
Reavis utilized this provision by manufacturing a fictional claim and then generating a collection of documents demonstrating how the claim came into his possession.
Ruth Bowyer, also known as Ruth Baldwin, was an English convict sent to Australia aboard a ship of the First Fleet.
In 2006, investigations were extended internationally for his extradition.
His escapes have become legendary in Puerto Rico.
He resigned in 2005, after having pleaded guilty to bribery, fraud, and tax evasion.
He was executed by hanging, the first such execution to occur in Hamblen County, Tennessee.
On December 18, 2014, he was found competent to stand trial, and prosecutors announced they were seeking the death penalty against him.
Many of the women were prostitutes or drug addicts.
According to reports, Nancy Weiler was "beaten almost beyond recognition" by Davis with a .357 Magnum, and hit over 25 times in the face and head.
Gus Winkler was an American gangster who headed a Prohibition-era criminal gang specializing in armed robbery and murder for hire with Fred "Killer" Burke.
The shooting sparked controversy and political debate over San Francisco's status as a sanctuary city.
The brothers Giuseppe and Filippo Graviano became members of the Sicilian Mafia Commission for the Brancaccio-Ciaculli mandamento, substituting Giuseppe Lucchese who was in prison.
He was an inmate at the Graham Correctional Center in Hillsboro, Illinois and died on June 18, 2017, aged 85, at a hospital in Springfield.
The trial court, however, threw out the verdict and rendered a judgment of acquittal, concluding that Hovind could not have disobeyed that order.
Clark and his accomplice Carol M. Bundy were known as the "Sunset Strip Killers."
Two years later he was sentenced to 15 years transportation for burglary.
Matta was indicted for operating several major cocaine smuggling rings in United States in the early 1980s.
Ferdinand Nahimana holds a Doctorate in History from the University Paris Diderot.
James Waithe is a former judoka who represented Barbados at the 1988 Summer Olympics, and England at the 2006 Commonwealth Judo Championships.
He was sentenced to 506 years in prison.
Two further bodies were discovered in the garden, and his wife's body was found beneath the floorboards of the front room.
Volney Everett "Curley" Davis was an American bank robber and Depression-era outlaw.
Giacalone was later jailed for ten years in 1976 for income tax fraud at the Federal Correctional Institution in Oxford, Wisconsin.
Sobell was tried and convicted of espionage in 1951 and sentenced to 30 years in prison.
From there, he traveled with a man named Thomas Early to San Antonio, Texas.
He is nicknamed the "Cannibal of Ankara".
First Lady Michelle Obama visited the temple on August 23, 2012.
Frederick Bailey Deeming was an English-born Australian gasfitter and murderer.
Samuel Green was an American serial killer and robber.
Bruce Richard Reynolds was an English criminal, who masterminded the 1963 Great Train Robbery.
He began his life as a dedicated criminal in central Florida after that offense, before fleeing the area when his activities were discovered.
The Zodiac Killer was a serial killer who operated in northern California in the late 1960s and early 1970s.
Hegyalji is buried in Springvale Botanical Cemetery.
The trial judge, Justice Fenton Atkinson, described Brady and Hindley in his closing remarks as "two sadistic killers of the utmost depravity".
According to his death certificate, he died from a gun shot wound to the abdomen.
He would set small fires often in the grassy hills, in order to draw firefighters, leaving fires set in more congested areas unattended.
Kodnani was one of the most high-profile individuals to be convicted in the case, as well being the only woman among the accused.
Arrested in 2001 and charged with fraud and perjury, her true identity was established by DNA testing.
He was first jailed for match-fixing in 1995 in Singapore.
Boris Vasilevich Gusakov was a Soviet serial killer, convicted for the killing of 5 people in the Moscow area between 1964 to 1968.
The State of Ohio filed a motion for a competency hearing with the Supreme Court of Ohio, and that court ordered an evaluation of Berry's competence.
He was convicted of one murder for which he was sentenced to death, and authorities believe he committed at least another 21 murders.
The perpetrator, John Norman Chapman was arrested one week after the final murder.
He was also associated with Frank "Jelly" Nash, Volney Davis and the Karpis-Barker Gang in his early career.
Performance art was a large part of Williams' method.
Iwuchukwu Amara Tochi was a Nigerian national convicted of drug trafficking in Singapore.
His crimes were dramatised in the 2007 film The Gray Man, starring Patrick Bauchau as Fish.
She is believed to have spent her childhood in Hamburg, Germany.
She induced cardiac arrest in patients by injecting their intravenous therapy bags with massive doses of epinephrine, an untraceable heart stimulant.
Maury Troy Travis was an American serial killer who killed himself in a St. Louis county jail, after being arrested for murder.
Gentry previously escaped from a Georgia prison in July 1982 and was attempting to throw authorities off by assuming Ham's identity.
John Phillip Walker Lindh is a U.S. citizen who was captured as an enemy combatant during the United States' 2001 invasion of Afghanistan in November 2001.
Police attributed the murder of Adam Walsh to Toole on the basis of recanted statements.
He died when he and another police constable shot each other in a gun battle in a Tsim Sha Tsui subway.
He was also a member of the White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan.
He left the National Front on 9 November 2015, mostly for "moral and political" principles.
He died in his cell from cirrhosis, aged 49.
Paul Rose was a leader in the Quebec sovereignty movement, known as a terrorist for his role in the October Crisis.
He is credited with modernizing the Bella Società Riformata as the Camorra was known at the time.
Kermit Barron Gosnell is an American former abortion-provider who was convicted of murdering three infants who were born alive during attempted abortion procedures.
He survived three gunfights, one against Charlie Storms in Tombstone, Arizona Territory and two in Fort Worth, Texas against Jim Courtright and Charles Wright.
On December 25, 2006, due to failing health, Ardito was released on bail while awaiting trial on these racketeering charges.
Authorities have persons of interest in several other cases, but insufficient evidence to press charges.
Rizzitello's criminal record stretched back to 1947.
Giuseppe Giorgi is an Italian criminal belonging to the 'Ndrangheta, a criminal organisation in Calabria.
Gaetano Bresci was an Italian anarchist who assassinated King Umberto I of Italy.
The ensuing fake arrest went awry when the victim reported the incident to authorities.
"I ain't saying it's all his fault, but why did he move?"
Madison was handcuffed and his mouth taped with duct tape.
The Jew of Malta is a play by Christopher Marlowe, probably written in 1589 or 1590.
He was sent back to prison on parole violations by year's end, and served another 2½ years' incarceration before being released in 1997.
Eight days later, the same jury which convicted Miller sentenced him to death by lethal injection.
He is notable for his role in the methamphetamines trade, as well as his relations with several notable members of the city's underworld.
On 6 December the High Court of Gujarat dismissed his status as absconder, however he remained under judicial custody since.
Fourniret was sentenced to life in prison; Olivier was sentenced to life with no possibility of parole for 28 years.
When Hofmann's schemes began to unravel, he constructed bombs to murder two people in Salt Lake City, Utah.
Barkmann fled Stutthof as the Soviets approached.
With robbery as a motive, they shot Fiegel six times before crushing his skull with a rock.
Several attempts to seek review of the case or to bring a petition of habeas corpus were unsuccessful.
He is reportedly a member of the "Kutaisi" criminal gang.
He became known as the "Angel of Death".
In 2009, Songbijit was promoted to the post of "army commander" in NDFB(ATF).
Darren Todd Thurston is a Canadian former animal rights activist.
Sebastiano Pelle is an Italian criminal belonging to the 'Ndrangheta, a Mafia-type organization in Calabria.
But it soon became a homicide investigation.
The sisters, one of whom was visibly pregnant, were assaulted in a Phoenix city park on September 20, 2005.
He was sentenced to 45 years in prison in Spain on November 5, 2006.
The Rockers operated out of Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
She also noted that Gilkey would tell her the details of a theft after the statute of limitations on that crime had expired.
Charles Einstein wrote a novel called The Bloody Spur about Heirens.
He has been sentenced to 14 years in prison.
Faure's criminal history includes further convictions for armed robbery and breaking and entering.
Most of the bodies were found in such a state of decomposition as to make the actual cause of death difficult to determine.
In 1991, he was convicted of the murder of six people as part of a major insurance fraud.
Galveston became the main port of entry for liquor supply in Texas and many parts of the Midwest.
On February 27, 2015, he was arrested by Mexican security forces in Morelia, Michoacán.
On May 12, 2010, Banks was again declared incompetent to be executed, following a competency hearing held the previous month.
Banks's case was appealed and, on December 2, 2004, he received a stay of execution following a determination that he was incompetent for execution.
He is currently incarcerated at HMP Full Sutton maximum security prison in Full Sutton in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.
Scott Dawn Carpenter was a convicted American murderer.
She later changed her original confession and stated that an unidentified male accomplice forced her to start stabbing the girl, and then he finished the slaying.
Arthur Patterson, 18 at the time of the incident is the main suspect.
London magistrate Henry Fielding became involved in the case, taking Canning's side.
According to the experts, he will need treatment for up to 20 years for his diagnoses.
Reports estimate that she killed between 25 and 40 people.
He had been studying French near the end of his life.
"BTK" stands for "Bind, Torture, Kill", which was his infamous signature.
He was convicted in 1966 of murdering 16-year-old Edna Sullivan; her boyfriend, 17-year-old Robert Brand; and Robert’s cousin, 15-year-old Mark Dunnam, who was visiting from California.
Frederick William Hahneman was a Honduras-born US citizen convicted of hijacking Eastern Airlines Flight 175 from Allentown, Pennsylvania to Miami, Florida, on May 5, 1972.
He also killed the wife of a neighbour who was visiting the family.
He was found inside a fourth-floor condominium in Mazatlán, Sinaloa, and was captured without any gunshots fired.
Steven Howard Oken was an American murderer who was executed in Maryland by lethal injection in 2004.
He appeared in court again on December 23, and asserted his desire to act as his own attorney in the criminal case against him.
During this time, Dugard bore two daughters who were ages 11 and 15 at the time of her reappearance.
He required heart surgery before being fit to stand in court.
His scheme ran for over a year before it collapsed, costing his "investors" $20 million.
Thurston was sentenced in May 2007 to 37 months in prison in exchange for his cooperation with the investigation.
He was a symbol of terror for over two decades.
In 2004, he founded Namesys, a corporation meant to coordinate the development of both file systems.
Along the way he tried to buy a gun, but failed the mandatory background check.
Holtzclaw pleaded not guilty to all charges.
A truce was finally arranged, but Donald was ambushed and shot.
She was found guilty, after which she declared, "Life is indeed a pleasure, and pleasures are usually short."
He was released on parole in May 2014 after serving two-thirds of his sentence.
Continuing to fire from the ground, he was finally subdued, and taken to a prison hospital in Mudgee.
Smith admitted that he stole two televisions and the stereo components from Bradford's apartment, but he claimed that they were his.
Born in Terrasini, he moved to South Africa in the mid-1980s.
His sentence was commuted into life imprisonment and later reduced by the communist regime.
He was sentenced to 32 years for the crimes.
Allen was the first black woman to be executed in the United States since 1954.
He is currently in detention in Casuarina Prison and will become eligible for release in 2019.
She was first arrested along with other students while protesting a lack of black studies and black faculty at the school.
Michael "The Nose" Mancuso, is an American mobster.
Charly Wingate, better known by his stage name Max B, is an American hip hop recording artist.
In 1824, Beauchamp married Cooke, who was sixteen years older than he.
Coincidentally, one of the arresting officers, Steve Baker, was the father of one of the murdered boys, but did not realize that fact until later.
Henry Louis Wallace is an American serial killer who killed 11 women in Charlotte, North Carolina, and is awaiting execution at Central Prison in Raleigh.
Murphy's gang was one of the few respected by Al Capone and the Italian American-led Chicago Outfit.
He killed and disposed of his victims in the Capital Park hills of Pretoria, a deserted area of hills near the city centre and Pretoria Zoo.
The Axe Killer is a South African serial killer who was convicted in 1955 of 15 murders and sentenced to death by hanging.
According to an associate justice in recent years he had come and ally to the Aquino family, rivals of Mazzaferro family.
The Daytona Beach killer is a serial killer responsible for the murders of four women in the Daytona Beach area from December 2005 – December 2007.
George Joseph Smith was an English serial killer and bigamist.
Had he been found guilty by jury trial, he would have been eligible for the death penalty.
In addition to bootlegging, his organization also was involved in gambling and prostitution.
Lawrence had been serving her sentence at Kerobokan Prison but was moved to a prison in Negara, Bali, in late 2013.
The government did not find any evidence of association with terrorist groups or a terrorist plot.
Five days later police again closed in on the gang near an abandoned amusement park in Dexter, Iowa.
Ford was also arrested for trespassing and assault when her daughter was eleven.
The term "ripperology" was coined to describe the study and analysis of the Ripper cases.
The man who has been at large since 1976, has been accused of committing sex crimes against minors throughout Southern Norway.
In 1990, he was given a 4,797 year sentence for 26 murders and 166 attempted murders between 1978 and 1990.
Silva, fearing a lynch mob from Mackay, eventually confessed to police.
The search for him has been described as the largest manhunt ever launched in Singapore.
The assassination took place on November 4, 1995, at the conclusion of a rally in Tel Aviv.
The incident was considered a key factor in the Labor Party being returned to power in New South Wales after seven years in Opposition.
Sherrill's attack inspired the American phrase "going postal".
Jesús Enrique Rejón Aguilar is a former leader of the Mexican criminal organization known as Los Zetas.
A former trash company supervisor, Gilyard is alleged to have raped and murdered 13 women and girls from 1977 to 1993.
He was declared dead at 10:20 AM.
"The case and its fallout effectively destroyed the Klan in Indiana, and may have reversed its ascendency as a national political force."
Mashiane was being chased by police in the Pretoria suburb of Marabastad when he jumped underneath a bus.
The police were able to confirm his involvement in 12 of these cases, including the 10 murders.
Farquharson was convicted in an earlier trial and was sentenced to life imprisonment with no minimum term.
Maria del Rosio “Rosie” Alfaro is an American woman convicted of the 1990 murder of 9-year-old Autumn Wallace in Anaheim, California.
Christopher Porco is a convicted murderer, currently imprisoned for killing his father and attempting to murder his mother with a fireman's axe.
Victoria Spry published Tortured in April 2015.
On 20 January, 2017, Kreider committed suicide by hanging himself in his prison cell, before the resentencing hearing was scheduled.
He was accused of killing a man in self-defense.
He is also thought to have participated in the fraudulent dismantling of the Twin City Rapid Transit street railway during the early 1950s.
He emigrated to Canada after World War II, in 1948.
Dennis agreed to allow detectives to tape his statement.
The shortage of corpses led to an increase in grave robbing by what were known as resurrection men.
Bresci was the first European regicide offender not to be executed, as capital punishment in Italy had been abolished since 1889.
The Axeman of New Orleans was a serial killer active in New Orleans, Louisiana, from May 1918 to October 1919.
He used to be the chief of the outfit’s East Zone and also a trusted lieutenant of Arabinda Rajkhowa, the outfit’s chairman.
Both men were sentenced to life imprisonment plus 99 years.
On October 18, 2012, Sandusky's lawyers appealed his conviction in Centre County Court in Pennsylvania.
After years as top dog, Kelly lost support when politicians wanted to clean up the Bowery.
He was buried on Norfolk Island and is discussed on the island's tours.
She worked as a nurse and was found guilty of killing five patients and the attempted murder of five more.
After pleading guilty to two charges of fraud in 2010, he was sentenced to 11 years in prison.
Bury protested his innocence in the Ripper crimes, and the police discounted him as a suspect.
The victims were killed in the cities of Sonoma and Cotati.
He committed suicide by hanging shortly after being captured and admitting to the crimes.
His final meal was a single black unpitted olive.
Blanche was captured after she refused to leave Buck's side after he had collapsed.
He moved to Montana with his abusive mother at a young age before returning to California, where he murdered his paternal grandparents when he was 15.
Tiago Henrique Gomes da Rocha is a Brazilian former security guard who has claimed to have killed 39 people.
He was considered "Chicago's top labor racketeer" in the 1950s.
The FBI arrested Thurston and 10 other members of a west coast-based animal rights and environmentalist organization that the FBI and media called "The Family."
He operated in the Midwest and West South Central States, and his criminal exploits gained widespread press coverage in the 1930s.
When local police officers arrived on the scene, they nearly opened fire on federal agents whom they believed were gangsters.
Charles "Derby" Sabini was a British Italian criminal.
The collection featured Fred West, Ian Brady, Myra Hindley, Dr Harold Shipman and the like.
Whitty had been convicted for his part in the murder of 64-year-old Cornish farmer William Garfield Rowe on 14 August 1963.
Childs is serving a whole life tariff.
Several writers, including Ryūzō Saki, published the details of the crimes.
On December 15, 2011, Peterson was granted a new trial which was scheduled to begin on May 8, 2017.
After 20 months of solitary he was shipped to Melbourne, Australia, arriving in September 1847.
She was denied parole in December 2008 and again in December 2010.
In September 2011, he launched an appeal against his convictions.
His true victim count remains unknown, and could be much higher.
He is believed to have killed up to 17 victims between 1989 and 1993 in New York City and in Long Island, New York.
He killed 60-year-old Deputy Sheriff William Arnie Wilkerson, a retired Navy Lt.
He is also known as "Il supremo" for his role at the top of the crime syndicate.
This article describes Earl Pitts, the Russian spy.
She is currently serving a life sentence at Bedford Hills Correctional Facility for Women, a maximum security prison in Westchester County, New York.
Daniel Harold "Danny" Rolling, also known as the Gainesville Ripper, was an American serial killer who murdered five students in Gainesville, Florida.
He waged a bloody war to take over the criminal activities in New York City, gaining considerable power for himself.
When she asked Oakes how many people she killed, he responded, "five or six," and she replied back, "good".
Like his companion Henry Lee Lucas, Toole made confessions he later recanted, but which resulted in murder convictions.
On October 9 he and his family went to Labis by bus, where they boarded the mail train from Singapore to Kuala Lumpur.
He was also known as "El Chalequero", "The Mexican Bluebeard", "The Consulado River Strangler", "The Consulado River Ripper", or the "The Mexican Ripper".
On March 31, 1999, the High Court in Durban found Thwala guilty of 16 murders and 10 rapes and sentenced him to 506 years in prison.
Born in New York, Ardito married Fay Cerasi and was the father of John and Annette Ardito.
At the time of her arrest, she was working for Marquette University's Public Safety Department in downtown Milwaukee.
As Wilkinson and Ewitt were running away from one police officer, they collided with Constable William Lawrence.
In total, Rolling confessed to killing eight people.
He used a knife and rubber mallet to kill the children as they slept on January 7, 1978, in Rockford, Illinois.
Body parts of some of his victims are alleged to have been provided to a local traditional healer or sangoma.
Pollard was released on November 20, 2015, in accordance with federal guidelines in place at the time of his sentencing.
Nicknamed "The Babyface Killer", Kaya is responsible for ten murders.
He spent 9 years and 8 months on death row.
Ben Kilpatrick was an American outlaw during the closing days of the American Old West.
Volker Eckert was a German serial killer, who killed six women in East Germany, France, and Spain, between 1974 and 2006.
Madoff's business, in the process of liquidation, was one of the top market makers on Wall Street and in 2008, the sixth-largest.
August Franz Frank was Nazi German official of the SS Main Economic Administration Office, generally known by its initials WVHA.
Before this event he was a former IFBB professional bodybuilder.
Under Ohio law, all death sentences are automatically reviewed by an appellate court regardless of the inmate's desire to appeal.
Following their divorce, Leslie later shot and killed a woman he lived with at his ranch while drunk and in a fit of jealousy.
Scott Anthony Rush, an Australian former labourer, was convicted in Indonesia for drug trafficking as a member of the Bali Nine.
She was caught and imprisoned again before dying on May 16, 1878 from cancer.
His wife Rita was unaware of the previous charges as of claires law acted in 2002.
Alcala was apprehended in September 1962 and sentenced to 60 years in prison, the maximum penalty at the time, for the murder of two women.
In September 2016, BBC Three aired a documentary about Arobieke, The Man Who Squeezes Muscles: Searching for Purple Aki.
When Early went missing during their travels, Desha fell under suspicion.
Anatoly Yemelianovich Slivko was a Soviet serial killer, convicted of the killing of 7 people in and around Nevinnomyssk between 1964 and 1985.
He was executed on March 9, 1981, aged 24, in Michigan City, Indiana in the electric chair.
Florence Marie Louise Cassez Crépin is a French woman convicted in Mexico of belonging to the kidnapping gang Los Zodiacos.
The remains of four victims were found in December 2010, while six more sets of remains were found in March and April 2011.
According to one observer, he was "the undisputed marijuana kingpin of the Western world.
All the victims were sexually assaulted and stabbed to death.
They also provided top-secret information about radar, sonar, and jet propulsion engines to the USSR.
Gosnell was also convicted of 21 felony counts of illegal late-term abortion, and 211 counts of violating the 24-hour informed consent law.
Ruben Montoya Cantu was a Texan who was executed for murder committed when he was 17 years old.
With five others, they were convicted of conspiracy to free a federal prisoner, Frank "Jelly" Nash, in January 1935.
Shipman died on 13 January 2004, one day prior to his 58th birthday, by hanging himself in his cell at Wakefield Prison.
She had married at age 16 and never finished high school.
He then commanded two paramilitary blocs, the Cacique Nutibara Bloc and the Granada Heroes Bloc.
A committed Marxist-Leninist, Ramírez Sánchez was one of the most notorious political terrorists of his era.
The murder has inspired plays, novels, non-fiction books, and films including Peter Jackson's 1994 movie Heavenly Creatures.
As of 2011, Smith is one of two prisoners on Montana's death row.
Raymond Lee Washington was the original founder of the South Central Los Angeles street gang the Crips.
Under Gotti's leadership Ruggiero became a caporegime though he became widely seen as an over talkative enforcer type without the astuteness needed for running lucrative rackets.
Joseph P. Moran was a doctor known for catering to the Depression-era criminal underworld in the early 20th century.
He was convicted for three murders, and slated to be tried for two more before charges were dropped due to the wishes of victims' families.
He is now one of the longest serving patients in any British psychiatric/secure hospital.
An autopsy found traces of arsenic in her body, and a police investigation was launched.
In 2010, Foster was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment, though that was reduced to 9 years on appeal after several convictions were overturned.
According to Ehsan Zahidov, a spokesman for Interior Ministry, the special troops conducted an operation while people reportedly having been held hostage were released.
Dalton was active in the New African independence struggle in the U.S. and considered herself a citizen of the Republic of New Afrika.
Amrozi was executed together with Muklas and their co-conspirator, Imam Samudra.
Around 1984 he changed from being a full-time minister to becoming a self-employed investor, and many of his investment clients and victims were also Scientologists.
Along with his accomplice, Michael Corbett, Glenn was found guilty of murdering three people in 1975.
The same day that he pleaded guilty, Williamson declared himself bankrupt.
Johnson committed suicide 15 hours before his scheduled execution.
He was immortalised as the gangster Colleoni in Graham Greene's Brighton Rock
It depicts actual events surrounding the murders of the Monster of Florence and the investigation to discover his identity.
It is the fourth deadliest massacre by a single shooter in U.S. history.
He was also known as the Gray Man, the Werewolf of Wysteria, the Brooklyn Vampire, the Moon Maniac, and The Boogey Man.
He moved to Marseille, France, in 1968 and six years later he kidnapped, tortured and murdered 22-year-old Élisabeth Bousquet, his former girlfriend.
All three had died due to carbon monoxide poisoning.
François Ravaillac was a French factotum in the courts of Angoulême and a regicide.
He was the first person to be arrested as the result of telecommunications technology.
Leaving a little after 19:00, the men realised that there would be no taxis available, so planned to hijack a vehicle in order to get home.
Former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori was arrested and tried for a number of crimes related to corruption and human rights abuses that occurred during his government.
In retaliation, Lonardo's uncle, Frank Lonardo, was shot to death four months later in a downtown barbershop.
He ruled the roost in the building.
He served as member of the United States House of Representatives from California's 50th Congressional District from 1991 to 2005.
By the dawn of the new millennium, he was reckoned as the most powerful Mafia leader in the nation.
The case led to debate over capital punishment due to Lewis's gender as well as questions regarding her mental capacity.
This sentence, which was the minimum available under Arizona law, was upheld by the Arizona Supreme Court in 2006.
When she defaulted on her rent, her landlord cleared out her possessions and discovered the corpses.
Tan Zuoren, from Chengdu, Sichuan province, People's Republic of China, is an environmentalist, writer and former editor of Literati magazine.
One of the Angiulo Brothers, Angiulo was "probably the last very significant Mafia boss in Boston’s history".
Author Carl Sifakis considers Stroud to have been "possibly the best-known example of self-improvement and rehabilitation in the U.S.
A database engineer, Muhammad Shareef Abdelhaleem is one of 17 people initially arrested in the 2006 Toronto terrorism arrests.
Some Mafia turncoats referred to Miceli as the Minister of Foreign Affairs, due to his frequent trips abroad.
The fight over the lucrative numbers rackets left behind by Gallucci was known as the Mafia-Camorra War.
Very confessed to killing 11 people and was sentenced to death by the Indonesia criminal court.
From 1907 to 1910, she was married to the popular songwriter and music publisher Tell Taylor.
He voluntarily waived appeals following his conviction and was executed in 1979 by the State of Nevada by gas chamber at the age of 46.
The Company Director, Arnold Kluck also gave evidence confirming that Gassy was the renter of the vehicle.
During the escape attempt the men held a number of guards hostage, but gave up when they failed to cut through the tool-proof bars.
From 1951 until 1967, he was the boss of the Lucchese crime family, one of the Five Families that dominates organized crime in New York City.
At the time of the April 1994 crisis he was vice president of the Butare section of the opposition Republican Democratic Movement.
Helmut Knochen was the senior commander of the Sicherheitspolizei and Sicherheitsdienst in Paris during the Nazi occupation of France during World War II.
Salvatore Russo was arrested on October 31, 2009, in Somma Vesuviana, close to his native area Nola.
Favoured assassin Giovanni Brusca estimated he murdered 100-200 people on Riina's orders.
Robinson was pronounced dead at Florida State Prison in Raiford at 7:34 p.m. on 4 February 2004.
He later joined up with the Barker-Karpis gang and participated in numerous bank robberies with them.
Lindgren's appeal to the Supreme Court was not granted.
In 1936, he moved to the Netherlands.
She was arrested on July 19, 2006, three years and one day after the murders were committed.
Detectives also investigated the death of a woman who had been a colleague of Smith at the Rainbow.
Goad is reported to have boasted of abusing 142 children in a year.
Autumn Jackson, also known as Autumn Williams, first came to media attention in 1997 for her extortion attempt against comedian Bill Cosby.
The death penalty was abolished in 1985.
He is currently serving a 111-year sentence without the possibility of parole.
Gilberto Rodríguez Orejuela was arrested on June 9.
He had been sentenced to death for the premeditated murder of John Gregovich in Tonopah, Nevada.
Baker was the only woman in Georgia to be executed by electrocution.
In 2007, she drowned 23-month-old Ryan Rivers.
In 2014, NDFB(S) was believed to have around 270 cadres, and was led by a 9-member "national council".
When he got back to Belgrade, he survived five murder attempts before getting murdered in December 1994.
He and his brothers were also called "the Lanzetti brothers".
The case attracted worldwide publicity as Skakel is a nephew of Ethel Skakel Kennedy, the widow of Senator Robert F. Kennedy from the Kennedy family.
The sentence had not yet been carried out, and Du Peiwu was released after 26 months in prison.
He stood trial in 1947, was convicted of war crimes and crimes against humanity, repeatedly appealed his case, and was executed by hanging in 1951.
On February 21, 2017 Peterson was transferred from Illinois Department of Corrections custody to a federal facility in Terre Haute, IN.
Before moving to Spain, he lived only for one year in the Brazilian city of São Paulo.
He was found guilty on December 4, 1845, and hanged 22 days later on the same scaffold where his parents met their deaths.
He was hanged in 1901 for attempted train robbery.
After a criminal trial, on 15 February 2006 Norman was sentenced to life imprisonment.
He murdered his parents and three sisters, it was claimed, to inherit his family's fortune.
All the murders took place in the vicinity of Cutler Bay and the Palmetto area of South Miami-Dade County.
Xu has been replaced as mayor by Wang Rong.
He was executed by the state of California by lethal injection at San Quentin State Prison, one day after his 50th birthday.
In 2009 police who arrested them in Pakistan found a suicide belt in their luggage.
Ronald Joseph Ryan was the last person to be legally executed in Australia.
He was a successful student in high school and started on VWO, but he left school before graduating.
Hearne was found stabbed several times in the back and breast, and her throat had been cut.
He was arrested in 1998 for the rape and murder of 11 women and for assaulting nine others in a São Paulo park.
On November 27, 1842, Small and Cromwell were formally accused of being part of Spencer's supposed plot to mutiny.
Edwards escaped from jail in Akron, Ohio in 1955 by pushing past a guard and fled across the country, holding up gas stations for money.
All of Nilsen's murders were committed in two North London addresses in which he alternately resided throughout the years he is known to have killed.
Olivier was charged with one murder and for helping him with a further six.
The toxic smoke, heat, and the resulting human crush toward the main exit killed 100; 230 were injured and another 132 escaped uninjured.
The prosecution had good indirect evidence of both, which the jury accepted at an initial trial and again at a retrial ordered on appeal.
In 1979, he killed a young African-American woman from Los Angeles.
Judd's sentence also raised debate about capital punishment.
He had also been a boxer and nightclub owner.
Judias "Judy" Buenoano was a convicted murderer who was executed for the 1971 murder of her husband James Goodyear.
They lived there for 16 years before moving to Montreal, Canada in 2000 and gaining citizenship.
State and federal officers had been trying to imprison Whitey Bulger for years, but Bulger evaded capture until 2011.
Humphreys other role in the Chicago Outfit was to do everything in his power to ensure its members attracted as little press attention as possible.
He has also been convicted of crimes against two additional women who were not killed.
He has operated in both the Soviet Union and the United States.
Investigators have determined others were involved in the scheme.
It had disenfranchised blacks since the turn of the century, and imposed legal racial segregation and second-class status.
Ashley's activities also hindered Prohibition bootleggers in major cities, whose importation of foreign liquor undermined local moonshiners.
Gorton had left a latent fingerprint at the Eby crime scene; when it was matched to him, the Michigan State Police learned the killer's identity.
Walter James Bolton was a New Zealand farmer who was found guilty of poisoning his wife.
Executions thereafter have been carried out by lethal injection in the same chamber.
She was convicted of first-degree murder of a restaurant owner and a police officer in 1981.
She was ultimately paroled in 1971 and discharged from parole in 1983.
Mukhlas was a senior and influential Jemaah Islamiah leader with ties to Osama bin Laden.
Nicknamed Yummy because of his love of cookies, standing 4 ft 6 in Sandifer was a young member of the street gang the Black Disciples.
On September 6, 1944, Armone was indicted on charges of attempting to smuggle morphine and opium into the United States from the Bahamas.
I went to meet them for sex but suddenly other pictures came into my head.
He has been described by a number of reputable news outlets and commentators as "the worst pedophile in American history."
This started a "cold" gang war, fought in criminal and civil courts, and the media.
Sentenced to hundreds of years in prison, he was first eligible for parole in 1986, but was denied at least 15 times.
Murphy was released due to lack of evidence.
The June 1962 Alcatraz escape may have been the only successful escape from Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary in that facility's history.
Miranda eventually became the family consigliere under boss Vito Genovese and help run the family while Genovese was in prison.
In the 1890s, Giuseppe founded a gang known as the 107th Street Mob, which would later evolve into the Morello crime family.
Calabrese, who was battling a myriad of ailments, died on Christmas Day 2012 at the Federal Medical Center, Butner, in North Carolina.
In 1996, video tapes featuring Speck were shown before the Illinois State Legislature to highlight some of the illegal activity that took place in prisons.
Born in Naples, Italy, Gallucci became one of the most powerful Italians politically in the city.
Xu Zongheng was the mayor of Shenzhen, Guangdong, China from June 2005 to June 2009.
He is the father of William Trickett Smith II, convicted of murder.
He was boss of what is now called the Genovese crime family, one of the New York Mafia's Five Families, from 1922 to 1931.
Michael Skakel, also 15 at the time, was convicted in 2002 of murdering Moxley and sentenced to 20 years to life.
Billy Claiborne, was an American outlaw Cowboy, drover, miner, and gunfighter in the American Old West.
This caused heart attack while in prison.
Emil Max Hödel was a plumber from Leipzig, Germany and a Propaganda of the deed Anarchist, who became known for a failed assassination.
He was first noticed when Life magazine published his photo in the late 1960s, identifying him as boss of the San Francisco crime family.
Gassy's retrial on the same charge took place in April 2009 and he was convicted on 6 May 2009.
He was gunned down, finally, by the Royal Malaysian Police's Special Operations Command from Bukit Aman, Kuala Lumpur.
Songbijit's faction was known to be in touch with other secessionist militant groups, including ULFA and KLO.
Mir Ghulam Murtaza Bhutto, was a Pakistani politician operating in Pakistan.
On October 14, 1926, he and seven others armed with submachine guns hijacked a U.S. mail truck in Elizabeth, New Jersey and escaped with $161,000.
David M. Brewer was the ninth person executed by the state of Ohio since it reinstated the death penalty in 1981.
Ronald William Pelton was a National Security Agency intelligence analyst who was convicted in 1986 of spying for and selling secrets to the Soviet Union.
He was convicted of stabbing to death at least nine people, including several teenagers, in the Shizuoka Prefecture.
Kelly, the only survivor, was severely wounded by police fire and captured.
Robert Lucky was also convicted of mail fraud in January 2012 and was sentenced to 25 months in prison.
Her execution in the electric chair at Sing Sing Prison for the murder of her husband, Albert, was recorded in a well-known photograph.
Kavanagh tripped over one day and the charge in his gun exploded.
Mirgorod is a collection of short stories written by Nikolai Gogol, composed between 1832-1834 and first published in 1835.
He was charged with the deaths of around 2,000 Tutsis who took refuge in his parish church.
He was recognized by a friend, John Brereton, who was watching the NBC program Unsolved Mysteries.
Newton killed Brewer in their cell by stomping on his neck and head and strangling him with a strip of cloth.
Carlyle Harris was a medical student who was convicted and sentenced to death for the murder of his wife.
After more than 2 years in jail, Fatehi was cleared of intentional murder, ordered her to pay diyeh, and released on bail.
The drug lord was arrested in 1993 in Tijuana, Baja California, and imprisoned at Federal Social Readaptation Center No.
His 1999 execution at Utah State Prison was the first to be carried out in a new chamber designed for both lethal injections and firing squads.
Mazen Abdul-Jawad is a Saudi Arabian man who spoke about his sexual exploits on television in July 2009.
Sometime during 1820's, they moved to Trigg County, Kentucky and lived in the home of Crawford's brother Cornelius.
Police originally believed Cribb's story, despite its implausibility; the Connells were a strong church-going family, and said the rosary every night.
Domingo "Darquez" Salazar was a Filipino mass murderer, who killed 16 people in the barangay of San Nicolas in Roxas, Palawan, on October 11, 1956.
Hellekant's efforts to become a physician, and his eventual dismissal from medical school at Karolinska Institute, became a controversial case in medical ethics.
He was convicted of eight murders but confessed to a total of 14 which he committed in and around the Ruhr metropolitan region.
Christ have mercy on my poor soul!"
He was released in 2004 after serving an eight-year sentence.
He was apprehended in Reynosa, Tamaulipas, Mexico, on 14 March 2009.
The US Embassy told his family they did not know his whereabouts.
George David Silva was an Australian mass murderer.
For a time the Cali Cartel supplied 70% of the United States and 90% of the European cocaine market.
His real name was Francis Christie, though he often used one of several other aliases including Gardiner, Clarke or Christie.
Ignacio Antinori was an Italy-born Florida mobster who built one of the earlier narcotics trafficking networks in that state.
He was sentenced to life in prison in absentia, captured in 1996 and started to cooperate with the authorities.
According to Eberhart, the two assailants ran away together "sprinting very fast."
James "Jimmy C" Coonan is an Irish-American mobster and racketeer from Manhattan, New York who began serving a 75-year prison term in 1988.
Wolfgang Abel and Marco Furlan were arrested for a series of murders in Italy between 1977 and 1984.
Elizabeth Diane Frederickson Downs is an American woman convicted of the May 1983 murder of her daughter, and the attempted murder of her other two children.
Marion Albert Pruett was an American spree killer.
As Vitale drove into a garage, Attanasio shot Bonventre twice in the head.
Alaattin Çakıcı is a former member of the ultra-nationalist organization Grey Wolves and one of the leading mobs of the Turkish underworld.
Mr Keogh and his family have always claimed his innocence, and raised their doubts regarding some of the evidence upon which the conviction was based.
On 21 February 2010, Taki, along with eight other prisoners attempted to escape from the prison.
Lavigne has registered as a sex offender and currently resides in Chicopee, Massachusetts.
Within two hours, he was hanged again and died.
George Sutherland Currie, also known as George "Flat-Nose" Curry, was an American robber of the American Old West.
A deputy-coroner would later testify that Baker's injuries were consistent with a high-speed traffic accident or plane crash.
James Addison Reavis, later using the name James Addison Peralta-Reavis, the so-called Baron of Arizona, was an American forger and fraudster.
Brown's execution was then delayed because the prison's supply of the lethal injection drug expired.
Baniszewski, her daughter Paula, her son John, and two neighborhood youths, Coy Hubbard and Richard Hobbs, were tried and convicted of torturing and murdering Likens.
Ireland said he was heterosexual – he had been married twice – and that he pretended to be gay only to befriend potential victims.
He is also known as Hamamatsu Deaf Killer.
She worked briefly as a waitress at a Lake Geneva, Wisconsin, Playboy Club.
He is currently serving a 25-year prison term at the Federal Correctional Institution, Fort Worth,in Texas.
Lewis Caine was an Australian organised crime figure who was murdered on 8 May 2004 during the Melbourne gangland killings.
After his diagnosis, he began receiving treatment and continued to receive therapy and special education support until his junior year of high school.
As an adult, he became a transient, living in vacant buildings in Chicago.
He was extradited to the U.S. in November 2014 for drug trafficking charges.
Nicknamed The Splitting Killer and The Serpent, due to his skill at deception and evasion, Sobhraj allegedly committed at least a dozen murders.
In 2013 the family petitioned for a new trial.
John McCaffary, an immigrant farmer from Ireland, was arrested and charged with the first degree murder of his wife.
Several related attacks followed in the Île-de-France region, where a further five were killed and eleven wounded.
Ferdinand Nahimana is a Rwandan historian who was convicted of participating in the Rwandan Genocide.
He was executed by hanging at Osaka Detention Center on February 21, 2013.
Johann Otto Hoch is the most famous and last-used alias of a German-born murderer and bigamist, John Schmidt.
The MRTA was designated on the official "terrorist organization" list of the U.S. State Department during the years 1997–2001.
Alex Kelly is an American convicted rapist.
Kyle walked guest Martin Eberhart to his car, where the two continued conversing.
González Durán is believed to have been responsible for the murder of narcocorridos singer Valentín Elizalde.
He was released the following year, but in 1943 found guilty of receiving stolen goods and sentenced to 3 years in prison.
Jamshid Ali Dizaei is a former Commander in London's Metropolitan Police Service, Iranian-born with dual nationality, and formerly one of Britain's more senior Muslim police officers.
He was executed by lethal injection in 2006.
Wilford Lee Berry, Jr. was an American murderer.
He was severely injured by high voltage during works at a 31.5 kV electric power distribution line.
Chitrabon Hazarika is the Finance Secretary of the banned group ULFA, Assam.
In 2003 he was convicted of multiple sexual assaults using the date-rape drug GHB.
Shortly thereafter, the local police arrived, and Barrett was taken to a local hospital and treated for his wounds.
He was known for his fringed buckskin jacket.
James "Jimmy Henchman" Rosemond is an American businessman involved in the entertainment industry.
He was on Mississippi's death row with 64 others but was issued a stay of execution in October 2007 by the U.S. Supreme Court.
A new investigation of the murders began during 1996, but was suspended indefinitely after inconclusive findings.
He is suspected of over 100 offences from 1990 to 2009.
Goussis is currently detained in the maximum security Acacia unit of Barwon Prison where he is employed as a lawn mower.
Peter Moore is a British serial killer who owned and managed a number of cinemas in North Wales.
With a smile, he answered, "Yes, I want Ricky Schroder to sit on my lap when I am strapped into the electric chair."
He was convicted on the racketeering charges in 2002 and sentenced to ten years in federal prison.
He was a ringleader in the group.
In 2007 he released a book, Mr. Untouchable, written with Tom Folsom, and a documentary DVD of the same title about his life.
Starting at the age of 27 or 28, Klassen began sexually abusing children and continued doing so for more than 25 years.
"He was viewed as responsible for reviving the Klan and widening its base, and considered the most powerful man in Indiana".
He murdered and sexually assaulted Margaret Harold, the girlfriend of US Army soldier Sgt.
Elisabeth Wiese was a German serial killer from Hamburg, convicted and executed for the killing of five children.
She had used injections of digoxin, heparin, and later succinylcholine to induce medical crises in her patients, causing numerous deaths.
Roy Olmstead was one of the most successful and best-known bootleggers in the Pacific Northwest region during American Prohibition.
Later authors have built on the earlier accusations, but the idea that Bury was the Ripper is not widely accepted.
On 16 July 2001 he walked into the East Melbourne Fertility Clinic, carrying a rifle.
Emmett Dalton was an American outlaw, train robber and member of the Dalton Gang in the American Old West.
This finding, challenged in subsequent legal processes, enabled the Home Secretary to grant Evans a posthumous pardon for the murder of his daughter during October 1966.
She was sentenced to death, which was subsequently commuted to life in prison.
His nicknames include "Dark Priest" and "Mtr.
Ron Rewald is a former Hawaii investment advisor, professional football player and self-described CIA agent who was convicted of wire fraud and mail fraud in 1985.
Nicholas Lungisa Ncama is a South African serial killer who was convicted in 1997 of 3 murders and sentenced to life in prison.
She was granted 3 reprieves before the execution.
Palmer was convicted for the 1855 murder of his friend John Cook, and was executed in public by hanging the following year.
He would sometimes survey a target for weeks or years, planning out contingencies and escape routes.
Burleigh had left her Walnut Creek, California home in 1977 for a job interview but never returned.
Bonner murdered four other immigrants from the former Soviet Union, was arrested in 2007 and received a life sentence.
Giosuè Gallucci, also known as Luccariello, was a crime boss of Italian Harlem in New York City affiliated with the Camorra.
In February 2014, DNA evidence identified Chandler as the murderer of Ivelisse Berrios-Beguerisse, who was found dead in Coral Springs on November 27, 1990.
All Romanians that had the name of "Rîmaru" changed them after this.
When Barnbaum's physician assistant saw the results, he immediately called police, who found McKenzie dead in his apartment.
Scott Edgar Dyleski was convicted of murdering his neighbor, Pamela Vitale, the wife of prominent attorney Daniel Horowitz.
In 1997 he was tried and convicted of racketeering and was given a 12-year sentence.
Richard Benjamin Speck was an American mass murderer who systematically tortured, raped, and murdered eight student nurses from South Chicago Community Hospital on July 13, 1966.
Sidney Cooke is an English convicted child molester and suspected serial killer serving two life sentences.
Silvo Plut was a Slovenian serial killer.
Özgür Dengiz is a Turkish serial killer and cannibal.
He also oversaw the creation of pro-Soviet secret police and terrorist insurgencies in Western Europe, Latin America, Africa, and the Middle East.
She has been labelled by Guinness World Records as the most prolific female murderer, though the precise number of her victims is debated.
From his base in Port Royal, Jamaica, he raided settlements and shipping on the Spanish Main, becoming wealthy as he did so.
On September 17, 1997, he died of an infection caused by HIV at Duane Waters Hospital, which is connected with the Egeler Correctional Facility in Jackson.
On 7 June 2010, he confessed to bludgeoning Flores.
Chhota Rajan was arrested in Bali by Indonesian police on 25 October 2015.
He was executed by lethal injection at the Southern Ohio Correctional Facility after spending 8 years, three months, and 11 days on death row.
He began a campaign of expropriation, and had several encounters with law enforcement.
Business leaders such as Charles Crocker and John W. Mackay in turn provided financial support.
Elfriede Blauensteiner, dubbed the "Black Widow", was an Austrian serial killer who murdered at least three victims by poison.
David Eden Lane was an American white supremacist leader and convicted felon.
Beiglböck was a defendant in the Nuremberg Doctor's Trial.
Charla Mack was murdered after 9:00 a.m. on June 12, 2006, and Judge Weller was shot around 11:05 a.m. the same day.
In an April 2011 prison interview with Newsday, Rifkin denied having anything to do with then-recently discovered remains.
Carrein appealed against his sentence and was retried on 1 February 1977 at the criminal court in Douai.
Martha Moxley of Greenwich, Connecticut, was a 15-year-old American high school student who was murdered in 1975.
Antonio "the Gentleman" Genna was a Sicilian mobster in Chicago.
Grossman, a Jewish American, received strong support from national and international Jewish organizations for his death sentence to be commuted.
The Northern Illinois University shooting was a school shooting that took place on February 14, 2008, at Northern Illinois University in DeKalb, Illinois.
When he opens his mouth, it's the syndicate talking."
French police put an all points bulletin across Europe for Montes, not knowing Montes had fled across the Atlantic.
“Tulsa Jack” and “Red Buck” were put in charge of patrolling the passenger cars while the others watched the safe in the front of the train.
Sholam Weiss is an American former businessman and convicted felon.
Pennell, an electrician by trade, picked up his victims in his van along U.S. Route 40 near Bear, Delaware.
He was also featured in several biography novels by mobsters-turned-informants Jimmy Fratianno, Anthony Fiato, and Kenny Gallo.
Her oldest foster son, Christopher Spry, nicknamed 'Child C', published a book of the same name about his childhood living with Eunice Spry.
Amuso was described as a "Deadly Don", by Assistant United States Attorney Charles Rose.
He revealed many intricate secrets about the Camorra.
He became a U.S. permanent resident as a South Korean national.
Afterwards, he drove to a sorority house and shot three female students outside, killing two.
The faction opposed to the talks elected Songbijit as the "Interim President" of NDFB on 13-14 November 2012.
He was the son of the first known boss of the San Francisco crime family and took over in 1961.
She was released on April 23, 2015.
Measures to ensure graves were left undisturbed exacerbated the shortage.
In August 1953, under the instruction of the tokoloshe, Msomi began an 18 month killing spree in the southern KwaZulu-Natal valleys of South Africa.
Michael Madison is an American serial killer from East Cleveland, Ohio who committed at least three murders.
He was an uneducated man who worked as a nurse in different hospitals.
He served 8 years in prison for this crime, after which he moved to Ciudad Juarez where he worked as a drug dealer.
Stewart was eligible for parole in 2011.
He wore a mask while killing 3 and sexually assaulting at least 40 children.
Coffman admits to committing the murders, but insists she suffered from battered-woman syndrome.
The panel released its final report in August 2007, devoting more than 30 pages to detailing Cho's troubled history.
James Inglis was a British man executed for murder, at the age of 29.
Robert Shulman was an American serial killer.
Plut had been released on probation after 13 years in prison for the 1990 rape and murder of a former schoolmate, Marjanca Matjašič.
His defense attorney, Kathleen Zellner, posthumously released his list of victims.
Between 1915 and 1924, the self-styled "King of the Everglades" or "Swamp Bandit" operated from various hideouts in the Florida Everglades.
He is the first outlaw to organize a stagecoach robbery in the United States.
During his studies he there became active in Wiener Burschenschaft Moldavia.
He is currently serving two terms of life imprisonment for these crimes.
Prison authorities describe him as a brutal killer and a former leader of the Aryan Brotherhood prison gang.
She was moved there without prior warning after authorities accused her of a plot to kill jail guards.
Detectives conducting the inquiry said that "for sheer mindless brutality" the crime ranked alongside the torture inflicted on children by the Moors murderers.
He has been tied to the murders of seven women.
The following day he was flown to Dallas, Texas for booking, and returned to Reno.
Akmal Shaikh was a Pakistani-British businessman who was convicted and executed in China for drug trafficking.
He said that he had been spying for several years, passing secret cryptographic lists for military communications.
He was scheduled to be executed on October 3, 2012, but on September 28th, 2012 a Philadelphia judge, Teresa Sarmina, granted a stay of execution.
Goad opened Cornish Market World in 1991, which became at one point Britain's biggest indoor market with more than 300 stalls.
Circuit Court of Appeals stepped in and the execution was halted at 8:57 p.m. Scott already had the injection shunts in his arms.
Steven Vikash Chand is one of 17 people arrested in the 2006 Toronto terrorism arrests.
He was sentenced to life imprisonment with a non-parole period of 35 years for ordering the murders of three people and conspiracy to murder a fourth.
Brian T. Stewart is a former phlebotomist from Columbia, Illinois who was convicted in December 1998 of injecting his son with HIV-contaminated blood.
Ames was formerly a 31-year CIA counterintelligence analyst and officer who committed espionage against the United States by spying for the Soviet Union and Russia.
Criminal psychologists characterized him as a highly intelligent but socially inept loner.
He first drew a smiley face on a bathroom wall, on which he anonymously confessed to killing Bennett.
The Dominican Republic has issued an international arrest warrant for Chauprade, for helping two French pilots accused of drug trafficking to flee to France.
Wearside Jack is the nickname given to John Samuel Humble, who pretended to be the Yorkshire Ripper in a number of hoax communications in 1978–79.
Johannes Franciscus Alphonsus Marinus Opdam was a Dutch murderer.
Together with his brother Salvatore La Barbera he ruled the Mafia family of Palermo Centro.
His attorneys argued for the insanity defense, but Banks was convicted of charges including 12 counts of first-degree murder and sentenced to death.
Opposing any form of clemency were many active and retired U.S. officials, including Donald Rumsfeld, Dick Cheney, former CIA director George Tenet; several former U.S.
Giovanni Tegano is an Italian criminal and a member of the 'Ndrangheta, the Calabrian mafia.
A judicial review conducted by the Indonesian Supreme Court on 6 July 2011 affirmed the death sentence.
William Lester Suff, also known as the Riverside Prostitute Killer and the Lake Elsinore Killer, is an American serial killer.
After a criminal trial, on 15 February 2006 Chen was sentenced to life imprisonment.
While he confessed to 27 murders, only nine could be plausibly confirmed and several of the people who he confessed to murdering were still alive.
He was then charged by Alabama authorities with Tina Watson's murder and was put on trial.
While awaiting a trial on those charges, Vargas was killed on January 8, 2009, when he was shot to death in a hospital bed.
They stormed on with guns drawn ready to kill anyone who got in their way.
After a last minute appeal to the United States Supreme Court was denied, the sentence was carried out through lethal injection on September 21, 2011.
In 1998, Chief Executive Officer Thomas Dittmer retired and Bennett took the job.
Edgar Smith is an American convicted murderer, who was once on Death Row for the 1957 murder of fifteen-year-old honor student and cheerleader Victoria Ann Zielinski.
"Eddie" Adams was a notorious American criminal and serial killer in the Midwest.
In 1998, however, the United States Federal Government rescinded Casso's plea agreement and dropped him from the witness protection program.
He later became a lecturer and writer.
During the trip back to Cleveland, he inquired who was using his name in connection with a homicide and robbery.
All of his known victims were young, single African-American women, some of whom were pregnant.
She then took a family hostage and shot another man before killing herself.
In January 2007, she was moved to a low security state mental hospital in Kerrville.
In September 2016 both were sentenced to jail for life for the murder of Gao.
Manson's followers committed a series of nine murders at four locations in July and August 1969.
On February 9, 2010, Zuoren was sentenced to 5 years in prison for "inciting subversion of state power."
Arthur Goode was killed by electrocution on April 5, 1984.
The ruling did not declare that the chemical used in lethal injections in Florida was unconstitutional, but it allows inmates to make the claim.
Gerhartsreiter lived a prosperous lifestyle solely on his wife's income.
Richard S. Burgess was a notorious murderer known for the "Maungatapu murders" which occurred on the Maungatapu track, south-east of Nelson, New Zealand.
He would often threaten his wife, Rebecca, and the police had once put their house under surveillance because of this.
Apprehended, Shaun Greenhalgh was sentenced to prison for four years and eight months in November 2007.
Due to the Canadian “two for one” rule he was released for time served after one day in the Maplehurst Correctional Complex.
On October 6, 2008, he was sentenced to life imprisonment for the two murders, one rape in Sandviken 2006 and on child pornography charges.
His role in the gang has often been misattributed to teenage gang member W.D.
The system he supervised was notoriously corrupt, with many of the funds extorted being used for the personal benefit of Lecca or his political associates.
He was driven to murder as a means to sustain his adventurous lifestyle.
His son via a previous marriage, was also convicted of murder in 2003.
They lived in Croydon, where Ethel died in 1967.
Once in Indonesia, he married using an assumed name, Abdurrachman Aufi.
Sandusky authored several books related to his football coaching experiences.
He was released on parole in June 2013.
Shawn and his best friend Keith moved, to Quincy in 2002 to attend JWCC.
This is the maximum penalty in Norway.
Erin J. Sharma is a former correction officer for the United States Federal Bureau of Prisons.
Mezvinsky grew up in Ames, Iowa, and played high school football there.
Alan Phillip Gross is a United States government contractor employed by United States Agency for International Development.
The supposed conversation was, in fact, a ruse innovated by Lonardo to ambush and kill Todaro, unguarded.
On December 30, 2016, the Connecticut Supreme Court ruled 4–3 to reinstate Skakel's conviction.
Donna Marie Roberts, an American convicted of being an accomplice to murder, is the only woman on death row in the state of Ohio.
In the same year, Perumal traveled to England on behalf of a Singaporean match-fixing boss to fix two FA Cup matches.
He first used a rifle equipped with a laser sight, and later switched to a revolver.
He was declared insane and imprisoned in a mental hospital until escaping in 1989, but was recaptured two years later, and is currently serving his sentence.
Bjarne Skounborg is a Dane convicted of four counts of murder, in both the United States and Denmark.
Harvey Louis Carignan is an American serial killer serving a 400-year sentence at the Minnesota Correctional Facility – Faribault for the murders of two women.
He is also one of the first Westerners to be executed in Singapore since independence, the first one being Johannes Van Damme.
Gibson was arrested for this robbery but escaped from county jail prior to his trial.
Both cases involved staged car crashes and were carried out for the life insurance money.
Edward John Louis Paisnel, dubbed the Beast of Jersey, was a notorious sex offender who terrorised the Channel Island of Jersey between 1960 and 1971.
Bevan Spencer von Einem, also known as Bevan von Einem, is a convicted child murderer from Adelaide, South Australia and suspected serial killer.
In 2006, two men with automatic rifles sprayed Vasiliev's car with gunfire, wounding him and killing one of his bodyguards.
Hisham Talaat Moustafa is an Egyptian businessman who had been elected in 2004 to the Shura Council in the Parliament of Egypt.
All of his victims were 10 to 14 years old, most of them boys.
Crawford claimed his son had been sleeping next to him, and was unresponsive when Crawford awoke in the morning.
In 1671 Morgan attacked Panama City, landing on the Caribbean coast and traversing the isthmus before he attacked the city, which was on the Pacific coast.
He lived his later years in Los Angeles, where he was a benefactor to the inner city.
Boone's case was an example of a late Cold War U.S. government security breach.
Hiroko Nagata, sometimes mistakenly referred to as Yōko Nagata, was a Japanese leftist radical who was convicted of murder and sentenced to death in Japan.
The crime had been committed with John Alton Sandifer, Autry's roommate.
He was also convicted of attempted murder for wounding nineteen passengers.
Taylor enjoyed a fearsome reputation in 1920s Melbourne.
In June, 2016 Nafeeza was said to be administering both Khans' assets and terminated the "phantom death squad", or what was left of it.
In 2000 in London, an eight-year-old Ivorian girl, Victoria Adjo Climbié, was tortured and murdered by her guardians.
The Federal Bureau of Narcotics claimed that Weiss and his partner in crime Philip "Little Farvel" Cohen were heavily involved in narcotics trafficking.
The United States government offered a reward of up to US$10 million for the capture of Dulmatin under the Rewards For Justice Program.
Guzmán's Sinaloa Cartel transports multi-ton cocaine shipments from Colombia through Mexico to the United States, the world's top consumer, and has distribution cells throughout the U.S.
After the war he was twice sentenced to death by two different courts.
In January 2001, when Tate was 13, he was convicted of first-degree murder for the 1999 battering death of 6-year-old Tiffany Eunick in Broward County, Florida.
In his final statement before his execution by firing squad in 1960, Rodgers requested a bulletproof vest.
In US embassy cables published by Wikileaks Khan's control over Guyana is compared with Pablo Escobar's erstwhile control over Colombia.
Philip Giaccone also known as "Philly Lucky" and "The Priest" was a Bonanno crime family member who was murdered by loyalists of crime boss Joseph Massino.
He resigned effective January 14, 2008, and was convicted on one count of witness tampering, a year later.
He was active in the Bahadurgarh city of Haryana during 1995–1998.
András Pándy was a Belgian serial killer, convicted for the murder of six family members in Brussels between 1986 and 1990.
After a series of imprisonments and escapes, he was executed in 1930 for the murder of a prison employee at Leavenworth Federal Penitentiary.
Steven Lorenzo Crea, is an American mobster.
One of the wounded died in hospital, according to early reports.
In 1999, the state of Florida heard a petition from Provenzano that argued that the electric chair was a cruel and unusual punishment.
Craig L. Berkman is an American venture capitalist and a Republican politician in the U.S. state of Oregon.
In 1930, Diamond's nemesis Dutch Schultz remarked to his own gang, "Ain't there nobody that can shoot this guy so he don't bounce back?"
His youngest sister was on the phone with 911 yelling "No Shawn, please don't!"
One operation he compromised was Operation Ivy Bells.
Liddy served as a radio talk show host from 1992 until his retirement on July 27, 2012.
He was hospitalized as diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia.
A book was written about Rosenberg and his time in prison which was adapted into a made-for-TV movie.
His victims all came from the Umkomaas and Umzimkulu valleys of KwaZulu-Natal.
He is currently serving a prison term of 30 years to life in Trenton, New Jersey.
Dennis Bruce Allen was a Melbourne based Australian criminal and drug dealer who was reported to have murdered many victims.
Nelson was fatally shot by FBI agents during a shootout called The Battle of Barrington.
Victor Licata was an American murderer who used an axe to kill his family in Ybor City, Tampa, Florida, on October 16, 1933.
The police believe that he raped at least 20 women in the states of Karnataka, Maharashtra and Gujarat.
Mallard then drove home and left the man lodged in her windshield, where he died after several hours.
She was convicted in 1984 and sentenced to life in prison plus 50 years.
He was wanted by the governments of Mexico, United States, and by INTERPOL.
In 2013, he was granted a new trial by a Connecticut judge and released on $1.2 million bail.
His nickname is il cacciatore, because of his passion for shooting game.
Goudeau was involved in one of the two simultaneously occurring serial killer cases which terrorized the Phoenix metro area, between August 2005 and June 2006.
He became only the third person to be hanged in the United States since 1965 and the first person hanged in Delaware in 50 years.
Jereboam Orville Beauchamp was an American lawyer who murdered the Kentucky legislator Solomon P. Sharp; the crime is known as the Beauchamp–Sharp Tragedy.
Clarence Edward Hill was an American convicted murderer executed by the state of Florida.
A lifelong smoker, he died at the United States Medical Center for Federal Prisoners in Springfield, Missouri after developing emphysema.
He was included in the list of most wanted fugitives in Italy until his capture in May 1993.
However, while Dennis admitted aiming the sawed-off shotgun at Kyle, he also claimed the gun went off accidentally.
He was dubbed "the world's most prolific bike thief".
He was ordered to be committed to Rampton Secure Hospital for an indefinite period.
He was sentenced to death, and in 1951 was executed by hanging.
He then drove through the village of Luxiol and the adjacent area, shooting people at random.
Federal agents managed to trace him and his wife to a Chicago hideout used by the Barkers and raided the apartment building on January 8, 1935.
He is known for a dramatic escape from prison in July 2013.
Love, a University of Virginia women's lacrosse student-athlete, was found unresponsive in her Charlottesville apartment on May 3.
The two men were robbed, ordered out of the vehicle, shot and left for dead.
Antico, Cirillo and Barbato were charged with murder conspiracy, as they reputedly plotted to murder an important prosecution witness.
Bilal Talal Samad Abdullah was one of two terrorists behind the 2007 London car bombs plot and the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack.
Jurors rejected her argument that she killed her husband in self-defense and decided that the murder was premeditated.
On July 10, 2007, Turner was sentenced to death for the 11 murders he was originally convicted of committing.
His fourth album, The 3rd Wish: To Rock the World, generated the hit single, "High So High".
He had been previously convicted for a 1949 rape and murder he committed while stationed in the U.S. Army, in Anchorage, Alaska.
He eventually became the leading underworld figure in Wichita, Kansas during Prohibition, specifically becoming involved in bootlegging and narcotics.
A manhunt for Bourque was launched and continued overnight and into June 5.
Gilbert Paul Jordan, known as the "Boozing Barber", was a Canadian serial killer who is believed to have committed the so-called "alcohol murders" in Vancouver, Canada.
Four people, including the gunman, were killed, while fourteen additional people were injured, twelve by gunshot wounds.
Amy Duggan "Sister" Archer-Gilligan was a Windsor, Connecticut, nursing home proprietor and serial killer.
Earl Wesley Berry was a convicted kidnapper and murderer from the United States.
It was William Sproat, the younger brother of her second husband, who accused her because he wanted Robert Sproat's will in favour of Daisy declared invalid.
Giuseppe Piromalli, is an Italian criminal known as a member of the 'Ndrangheta in Calabria.
McVeigh hoped to inspire a revolt against the federal government.
Depending on the source, Barnbaum investigated as few as 70 and as many as several hundred FBI agents in a year.
He has been linked to Carl Williams, as well as the killing of several victims of the Melbourne gangland war.
One of the most notable murders Glenn was found guilty of was Karen Grammer, the younger sister of Kelsey Grammer.
Burrell died at the Prince of Wales Hospital at Randwick, whilst still in prison custody on 4 August 2016, aged 63, from lung and liver cancer.
When that did not elicit a response, he began writing letters to the media and prosecutors.
Söring denies having committed the crime and has written a number of books about prison life and religion.
Lindgren was identified and arrested by the Swedish police after they received a tip from the public on March 29, 2006.
Penlez was the subject of a 55-page treatise by Fielding entitled "The Case of the Unfortunate Bosavern Penlez" that year.
Roger Touhy was an Irish-American mob boss and prohibition-era bootlegger from Chicago, Illinois.
While celebrating his birthday in Los Cabos, Baja California Sur, on 18 October 2013, a gunman disguised as a clown shot him dead.
In a July 2007 indictment, federal prosecutors alleged that Wells had been involved in the planning of the botched bank-robbery.
Morgan was appointed a Knight Bachelor in November 1674 and returned to Jamaica shortly afterward to serve as the territory's Lieutenant Governor.
The incident prompted inquiries into what became known as the bystander effect or "Genovese syndrome".
Philpott has been described by psychologist Glenn Wilson as clinically a "psychopath" and "exhibitionist" with "antisocial personality disorder."
He also became notorious for his attempts to sue the prison, first for losing his artificial leg, and then because his bed was too hard.
The Madoff investment scandal was a major case of stock and securities fraud discovered in late 2008.
He is British - born and bred in this country."
Sipho Mandla Agmatir Thwala is a South African rapist and serial killer who was convicted in 1999 for the murders of 16 women and 10 rapes.
John Stanley Wojtowicz was an American bank robber whose story inspired the 1975 film Dog Day Afternoon.
Charley did not personally kill Canby, but during the incident he killed a Dr. Thomas.
On 28 February 2008, Nai Yin Xue was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, U.S.A.
Sobhraj received a sentence of life imprisonment.
His trial, conviction and imprisonment ended the portrayal of Klan leaders as law abiding.
In sentencing, the judge told Spry that it was the "worst case in his 40 years practising law".
Atkins was incarcerated from October 1, 1969, until her death – a period exactly one week short of 40 years.
The Moors murders were carried out by Ian Brady and Myra Hindley between July 1963 and October 1965, in and around Manchester, England.
George John Dasch was a German agent who landed on American soil during World War II.
In at least some instances, the murders were preceded by torture, and efforts were made to appropriate victims' Centrelink social security payments and bank funds.
Martin Peyerl was a German student who, on November 1, 1999, fired from his bedroom window, killing four people and wounded seven others before committing suicide.
Guy Georges is a French serial killer, dubbed "The Beast of the Bastille", who was convicted of murdering seven women between 1991 and 1997.
He is also the founder of Kadmon Pharmaceuticals which was financed with private capital and commenced operations in New York City in 2010.
Alfred James "Al" Brady was an Indiana-born armed robber and murderer who became one of the FBI's "Public Enemies" in the 1930s.
Carl Panzram was a serial killer, rapist, arsonist and burglar.
He was highly organised, and carried a full murder kit of rope and handcuffs and a full change of clothes to each murder.
Both Dahmer and Anderson died later from their injuries.
In September 2009 The Bombay High Court acquitted Kantrole of any involvement in the murders due to lack of evidence.
He also robbed John Bradshaw, President of the High Court of Justice for the trial of King Charles I.
But it's hard for me to show it."
His son, James Bolton, has attempted to clear his father's name.
"Moss was a dumb kid who run errands and done what Clyde told him," he later said.
Before his death he was connected to 72 bank robberies.
McGriff is alleged to have had a hand in the 2002 murder of Run D.M.C.
Abdelkader Belliraj is a Moroccan-Belgian citizen who was found guilty in 2009 of arms smuggling and planning terrorist attacks in Morocco.
In a 2004 settlement, he agreed to pay a $500,000 fine and cease marketing all products except his books, which are protected under the First Amendment.
However, he was acquitted of extorting a bagel shop and ordering the robbery of Staten Island jeweler Louis Antonelli, which resulted in Antonelli's shooting death.
They were convicted of first-degree murder and conspiracy charges and sentenced to life imprisonment.
Brigitte Harris is a Queens, New York woman who committed the suffocation and castration manslaughter of her Liberian-born father Eric Goodridge in her Rockaway, Queens apartment.
Friends and family claimed he was poisoned.
It took the police over a year to finally come up with a viable suspect.
Blom is serving his prison sentence at MCF-Faribault medium-security facility in Faribault, Minnesota.
After 1941, Lecca was Commissioner, later Commissioner General, tasked with solving the "Jewish Question" in Romania, sharing Romania's responsibility for the Holocaust.
He confessed to the murders of five young boys in 1983, as a result of a routine police investigation.
Mack Ray Edwards was an American serial killer.
His first known murders were in 1972 when he killed a young boy and a girl.
A Robin Hood like figure in the Harlem community, Morrison's exploits with crime, women, and music are legendary.
Vincent "Ivanhoe" Martin, known as "Rhyging", was a Jamaican criminal who became a legendary outlaw and folk hero, often regarded as the "original rude boy".
She killed most of her suitors and boyfriends, and her two daughters, Myrtle and Lucy.
Black may also have been responsible for several other unsolved child murders throughout Britain, Ireland and continental Europe between 1969 and 1987.
He was a self-proclaimed martial arts expert, but this was disputed by the police.
In 2008, France requested his extradition for his alleged involvement in the 1980 Paris synagogue bombing.
While the Medellín Cartel was involved in a brutal campaign of violence against the Colombian government the Cali Cartel grew.
Gino Meneghetti was an Italian thief who spent much of his criminal career in Brazil.
However, capital punishment was temporarily suspended in California and he instead received eight life sentences.
Guglielmo da Leoni, Italian painter and engraver
Darren Mack's gross monthly income was approximately $44,000, while his wife had no income.
After evading police in four states for almost a year, Dillinger was wounded and returned to his father's home to recover.
Because of his attractive looks, Kapisoda received an offer from designer Rocco Barocco, but he rejected it in order to create a career in Montenegro.
He strangled the women, usually by hand but sometimes using ligatures.
Pike fell for a young man named Tadaryl Shipp, one year her junior.
He is one of the youngest serial killers in American history.
Brett returned to the alley and heard a metallic sound and found Baker's body near a metal loading dock door.
Kathar is a sub-clan of the Ingti clan, which enjoys a high status in the Karbi society; the traditional chief priests come from the Kathar kurjon.
Bhomita Talukdar, alias Deepali, was the organisational secretary of the women’s wing of ULFA.
He died of a heart attack while incarcerated at the Missouri State Penitentiary in October 1992.
Prior to his arrest, Chandler worked as an unlicensed aluminum-siding contractor.
He was the older brother of Gambino capo Joseph Armone.
Amid mounting criminal investigations, Petters resigned as his company's CEO on September 29, 2008.
She accepted a plea bargain, and received a 30-year sentence.
He has been convicted to life imprisonment for murder, arms trafficking and mafia association.
Although he was reported to have been around 40 years old, several biographers have claimed Brooks was in his 20s.
Markoff maintained his innocence of all charges and pleaded not guilty at his arraignment.
Koljonen first hid in the stable, where he killed the daughter of the family with an axe.
The battle was a rout, although the privateers profited less than in other raids.
In February 21, 2013, Bijoy Das alias Bijoy Chinese left Paresh Baruah faction and joined Arabinda Rajkhowa led Pro-Talk faction.
He took several courses in communications and served aboard a communications relay ship, a supply ship and three carriers.
Zardari was arrested and indicted for Murtaza's murder, but acquitted in 2008.
This occurred during the political campaign for the Dutch general elections of 2002.
On January 26, 2010, Woodson was charged in state court with various criminal charges.
He applied for a share of a 1 million dollar reward for solving the murder.
His colleagues reported that he had complained about the security firm and poor working conditions.
His existence was long believed to be apocryphal, but he is a familiar figure in Texas folklore.
He is currently housed in a low-security prison in Florida.
During the gunbattle with the guards, the driver was killed while his assistant and a local police officer were wounded.
However his appeals failed in August 2005.
Thomas Harrison Provenzano was a convicted murderer executed by means of lethal injection by the state of Florida.
In 2005, Antico was indicted on federal racketeering charges and racketeering conspiracy, which included murder conspiracy, extortion, loansharking and witness tampering.
His role in covering up Madoff's massive Ponzi scheme makes it the largest accounting fraud in history.
The companies Cohen has been involved in since the 1980s include: Playnet Technologies, Voltage Capital, LAMIA, Aristo International and Ecast.
Calcedonio Di Pisa, also known as Doruccio, was a member of the Sicilian Mafia.
It was then brought to the Surgeon's Hall to be anatomised for a medical training college, a common practice at the time.
Della Faye Hall Hoeffer Beyer Bassett Britteon "Dante" Sutorius was an American woman who was convicted of murdering her husband in 1996.
She traveled with her sons during their criminal careers.
In 1943, he was assessed by psychiatrist Romney M. Ritchey, who diagnosed him as a psychopath, but with an I.Q.
On March 4, 2006, Antico was sentenced to 30 months in prison.
After evading police for two days following the shooting, Clemmons was shot and killed by a police officer in Seattle.
After Manson was charged with the crimes of which he was later convicted, recordings of songs written and performed by him were released commercially.
One of them, a woman, succumbed to her wounds soon thereafter.
Nicknamed Hissing Sid, he was described by The Guardian newspaper in 1999 as "Britain's most notorious paedophile".
Giuseppe Bellocco is an Italian criminal and a member of the 'Ndrangheta.
Police believe the latest sets of remains predate the four bodies found in December 2010.
It later emerged that Barnbaum had misdiagnosed several patients and dispensed improper medications, in some cases resulting in patients losing their jobs.
He was found guilty on September 19, 1985, and sentenced to death in October 1985.
When Nicodemo Scarfo became boss, he named Monte as his consigliere.
Based in Pahrump, Nevada, both the FBI and the Las Vegas Police launched a nationwide manhunt which led to his capture.
He was sentenced to death in a public trial on June 10, 1981 and executed immediately afterwards.
Stories describing her vampire-like tendencies were generally recorded years after her death, and are considered unreliable.
Milton Johnson is an American serial killer who committed up to ten known murders in Will County, Illinois.
The FBI scoured through NSA personnel files until it had a pool of red-haired male analysts.
Morris "Red" Rudensky was an American prohibition-era gangster, prominent cat burglar and safe-cracker.
Louis Brihier, alias Émile Dubois was a French-born criminal and multiple murderer known as a folk hero in Chile.
On 31 December 2010, Lula's last effective day as president, the decision not to allow extradition was officially announced.
Eleven murders remain officially unsolved pending further legal proceedings.
It claimed that its purpose was to support the U.S. Navy, and to assist veterans and members of the U.S. Armed Forces, and their families.
In the trial that followed, Murao was charged with selling the book and Lawrence Ferlinghetti with publishing it.
Pro-death penalty activists cite Allen's actions as a reason to support capital punishment in the United States.
He is also a central committee member of the group.
Facing new charges in 2003, he pleaded guilty and admitted that his supposed insanity was an elaborate effort to avoid prosecution.
Amos is a former General Motors plant manager.
Golovkin was the last person to be executed in Russia before the abolition of capital punishment.
He allegedly set off one of the bombs with a mobile phone.
Prior to his involvement in the shooting, Clemmons had at least five felony convictions in Arkansas and at least eight felony charges in Washington.
Golubović is one of only a few individuals, out of dozens featured in the film, still alive today.
Katherine Mary Knight is the first Australian woman to be sentenced to life imprisonment without parole.
In 2003, the FBI started using electronic surveillance to record many of Ardito's meetings in several Bronx restaurants.
Larry Jay Levine is an American federal prison consultant.
While awaiting execution, Eyler died in 1994 of AIDS-related complications.
In August 2016, a federal judge overturned Dassey's conviction on the grounds that his confession had been involuntary.
Richard Lee McNair is a convicted murderer known for his ability to escape and elude capture.
After pleading guilty to manslaughter in 2015, he was sentenced to 23 years in prison.
His execution occurred on the day before the 20th anniversary of the crime for which he was condemned.
They had agreed the raid would take place that afternoon at 2:00 pm, when it was believed Brunette would be asleep.
He was arrested in June 1992 and sentenced to life imprisonment in January 1994.
The gang started in the 1960s and was rounded up in 1978 after his son, Bruce Jr, testified against him.
She cut off her ankle monitor and headed to Las Vegas, Nevada with her daughter Haylei.
On November 5, 2010, a Peruvian judge ordered she be released from prison.
After further investigation, he was tried in March 2014 and found guilty of eight indecent assaults on four girls and women aged 14 to 19.
On 28 April 2014, 61-year-old teacher Ann Maguire was stabbed to death while teaching a Spanish lesson at Corpus Christi Catholic College in Leeds, England.
Lyons, who was hired for crimes ranging from assault to murder, also supported three prostitutes, Lizzie the Dove, Bunty Kate, and Gentle Maggie.
Belle Sorenson Gunness — born Brynhild Paulsdatter Størseth — was a Norwegian-American serial killer.
Guerrero killed approximately twenty female prostitutes in Mexico City between 1880 and 1888.
He was sentenced to time already served and freed, although he is now a felon.
In 1957, Armone allegedly participated in the assassination of family boss Albert Anastasia.
After Lhermitte killed her children, she then tried to kill herself.
Van der Sloot was the subject of international news coverage from prison, leading to controversies that resulted in the investigation and suspension of several Peruvian officials.
He was the brother of Brixx Member, Jens Brixtofte.
Jürgen Bartsch was a German serial killer who murdered four boys aged between 8 and 13 and attempted to kill another.
He was convicted of the murder of Wilburn and the kidnapping and murder of Evellyn and Andre Banks, and sentenced to death.
Jean Lee was an Australian woman, convicted of murder, and notable as the last woman to be executed in Australia.
However, in May of that year the parole reversed their decision and in August Prisco was released from prison.
Gaetano Badalamenti was a powerful member of the Sicilian Mafia.
Kinne was released on bond following the third trial and subsequently traveled to Mexico before a scheduled fourth trial could be held in October 1964.
After the four were executed, a post-mortem examination revealed that she was five months pregnant.
Kelvin Darnell Martin, also known as 50 Cent, was an American criminal from Brooklyn, New York.
He was sentenced to death on December 5, 2003.
The second evaluation was published a week before the trial; it concluded that Breivik was not psychotic during the attacks nor during the evaluation.
A small-statured man with black-gray hair, he limped due to a previous hip fracture.
During this time she traveled the United States, residing in foster homes, colleges and with any family that would take her in, using false identities.
However, that charge was thrown out by the Utah Supreme Court because the victim survived.
The organization controlled a powerful gang of hitmen named La Terraza.
David Parker Ray, also known as the Toy-Box Killer, was a suspected American serial killer, and known torturer of women.
Craig Holland was found buried under the floorboards of the family home.
After her arrest, Dossett's body was exhumed and analysed for signs of arsenic poisoning.
Having far exceeded his minimum term of 30 years, he was one of the United Kingdom's longest-serving prisoners, having remained in custody since 1966.
Chandler was executed on November 15, 2011.
He was arrested while travelling on a train with his financial advisor and business associate; he was immediately rushed to hospital following chest complaints.
After he was convicted and imprisoned Sams continued to commit offences, attacking a female probation officer.
Vick was suspended by the NFL, was ordered to pay the Atlanta Falcons back a portion of his earnings, and lost endorsement deals worth millions more.
The body of Dean Shillingsworth  was discovered by children in a pond in Mandurama Reserve at Ambarvale, New South Wales, Australia on 17 October 2007.
The instrument was similar to a twitch, a tool used by farmers to control horses.
His outbreak of violence towards them seems to have occurred because he was swindled out of money by a prostitute and her pimp.
John Burnett, their son, had fled to Benton, Missouri, where he was arrested.
Attanasio was married twice, marrying young and divorcing his first wife in 1992.
Hereafter, he also received a trial in Florida, for the murder of Jason VerDow.
In 1999, while moving their LSD laboratory across Kansas, Pickard and Clyde Apperson were pulled over while driving a Ryder rental truck and a follow car.
On March 13, 2008, the Supreme Federal Court of Brazil granted his extradition to the United States.
On February 19, 1999, his execution was carried out via lethal injection.
He drew a Colt Model 1908 Vest Pocket and attempted to flee, but was killed.
On February 1, 2011, she pleaded guilty to all charges against her.
Afterwards, when the young boy awoke, Huang said to him, "I killed at least 25 people.
Giovanni Motisi also known as "'u pacchiuni", is a member of the Mafia in Sicily from the Altarello neighbourhood in Palermo.
The first report diagnosed Breivik as having paranoid schizophrenia.
Turpin fled from the scene and shortly afterwards killed a man who attempted his capture.
They were each convicted to six years of prison, but Castor obtained a habeas corpus and was released in the same year.
It is believed that he may have killed over a dozen women in his lifetime.
Although Martha collected substantial sums of insurance money, her exact motive for murdering her family has not been determined.
Harris was represented by prominent defense attorney William F. Howe.
Convicted of 664 burglaries, but suspected of carrying out several thousands, he has been described as a legend in Norwegian criminal history.
Both these proposed states have territories overlapping with the proposed sovereign Bodoland.
The three juveniles plead guilty to delinquency by reason of complicity to aggravated murder, complicity to aggravated burglary, and complicity to kidnapping.
A member of the United Klans of America, Chambliss allegedly also firebombed the houses of several black families in Alabama.
Pelton contacted the Soviet Embassy in Washington, D.C. on January 14, 1980 and arranged for a meeting at the embassy.
He would eventually rise to the rank of SS-Standartenführer.
After the war, he settled in Texas, and became an activist for the rights of former slaves, and later a Republican official during reconstruction.
Guo Zhongmin was a Chinese mass murderer who killed 13 people in Yangxiaoxiang, Huludao, People's Republic of China on February 18, 2003, before committing suicide.
She is considered one of America's first female serial killers, preceded by Jane Toppan.
Michel Van Wijnendaele was a Belgian mass murderer who killed seven people in Bogaarden, Belgium on May 12, 1987.
He intended to massacre the 15 staff and 26 patients at the clinic by burning them alive.
Wilson Raj Perumal appeared in his first televised interview on August 26, 2014, on CNN.
She went back later with the balance and found that Mrs Hewetson and Selina had vanished.
John Martin was an English spree killer who murdered three tourists—Gerard Lowe in Singapore, and Sheila and Darin Damude in Thailand—with another three unconfirmed victims.
At the time, it was the largest bank robbery in U.S. history.
An appendix of a report by the Nixon Center of those convicted of terrorist crimes asserts he was convicted on 19 March 2003.
In recent times, there has been speculation as to whether Bolton was guilty.
Katherine Ferrers was an English gentlewoman and heiress.
He was on the "Most wanted list" of the Italian Ministry of the Interior from 2001 until his arrest in Venezuela in June 2009.
He strongly opposed any kind of surrendering and it never happened within the outfit till his death.
During his father's presidency, Emmanuel became the commander of the infamously violent Anti-Terrorist Unit, commonly known in Liberia as the "Demon Forces".
She strangled at least 10 children, including her own.
Bury was orphaned at an early age and was educated at a charitable school in the English Midlands.
Many areas of the Western Australian and Australian community debated the re-introduction of the death penalty due to the emotion evoked by Rodriguez-Urrutia Shu's murder.
Prosecution offices carried on several investigations into the cases for many years.
A yearly festival is held in the Donald Morrison domaine to commemorate Donald Morrison and the Scottish Pioneers who settled the Megantic area.
During Graham's trial, it was revealed that he had left the November 4 meet before Wendy Bartlett, Adrianne Jones, and Coach Ann Burke.
Robert Rennick Dalton, better known as Bob Dalton, was an American outlaw in the American Old West.
His conviction was affirmed by the Delaware Supreme Court on September 6, 2012.
He was the top underworld figure in southern New England, and last major Irish-American gangster in the region, until his kidnapping and apparent murder in 1933.
By the time he returned home, the police were waiting for him, armed with the description given by the second victim.
His successor was his longtime loyalist and underboss, Gaetano "Tommy" Lucchese.
Together they "dabbled" in the occult and devil worship.
In 1989, both Senter and Testa were found guilty of racketeering and 10 counts of murder, and each was sentenced to life in federal prison.
Miller was convicted for her part of the crime, but her conviction was overturned and she was free on bond while awaiting a new trial.
While in the United States, he was tried and sentenced in absentia in England, to 24 years in prison.
In order to advance his political career, he legally changed his middle name from "Anthony" to "(Low Tax)".
She is said to have giggled through the trial, flirted with her prison guards and was apparently seen arranging her hair while hearing testimony.
After her first two daughters died at a young age, she married Johannes van der Linden on 13 May 1868.
The bodies of many of Shah's victims were found in a well in Paghman District.
It is likely that she murdered three of her four husbands, apparently in order to collect on their insurance policies, and many others.
In November 2013, Trudeau was convicted of criminal contempt, and is currently serving a 10-year sentence at a Federal Prison Camp in Alabama.
She is often compared with Vlad the Impaler of Wallachia, having contributed some of the mythos to the Dracula legend herself.
For his crimes, Skaf is serving a 31-year prison sentence, and will be eligible for parole in 2033.
The worst punishment of all was the removal of his freedom, and he stopped eating, contracting tuberculosis.
He is on contract for an outside state.
Whitworth was arrested on 3 June 1985.
Ehud "Udi" Tenenbaum also known as The Analyzer, is an Israeli cracker.
He soon returned to crime, joining a large group in a mutiny that led to the murder of an overseer, a gatekeeper and two constables.
In June several mules and horses owned by the rival company had been stolen and Brooks, with two other men, were arrested the next month.
Despite McKenzie's death, after his release from prison and still on parole, Barnbaum continued to practice medicine fraudulently.
Randy Thomas Lanier is a professional race car driver and convicted drug trafficker from the United States.
John Orr was found to be the cause of most of those fires.
On December 31, 2006, Ardito died from pancreatic cancer.
He was executed for the August 3, 1985 murder of his five-year-old stepdaughter, Brandy Green.
He was sentenced to death in February 1977 and executed in September that year.
George Kelly Barnes, better known as "Machine Gun Kelly", was an American gangster from Memphis, Tennessee, during the prohibition era.
She dropped out of high school before obtaining a GED.
In 2005, sixty years after her execution, the state of Georgia granted Baker a full and unconditional pardon.
On June 11, 1929, Todaro was in Porello's headquarters in Cleveland when he was lured outside to supposedly speak with Lonardo's widow.
Prior to his arrest, there was a $1 million bounty for information leading to his capture.
On February 18, 2011, he was sentenced to four years in prison.
Rainey Bethea was the last person to be publicly executed in the United States.
He was referred to as the "cassiere di Cosa Nostra" because he was heavily involved in the financial side of organized crime, primarily money laundering.
He became the last person in Turkey to be executed for death penalty.
His moniker, "the Unicorn", came from his name, Einhorn — unicorn in German.
Ike filed murder charges against the Earps, who were later exonerated as having acted within their duty as lawmen.
Highway surveillance cameras showed Baukus' vehicle traveling on the wrong side of Interstate 45 after she had consumed alcohol at a nearby bar.
Shawcross was noted to have had XYY syndrome.
Baker was transferred back to England in the Spring of 2008 to serve the remainder of his sentence.
All the murders took place at night and were committed by using stones or hard, blunt objects.
The story made national news, and Castor was subsequently named "The Black Widow" by media outlets.
She was arrested on 7 August 2003, by the troops of Red Horns Division from the village Jangrinpara located in general area Fatimabad of Barpeta.
His stage name is derived from the South Park neighborhood in Houston, Texas where he was raised.
He also confessed to the 1913 murders of a 9-year-old girl in Mülheim am Rhein, and a 17-year-old girl in Loscheckes.
He is a British citizen who was educated at Cambridge University.
Zuern lunged at Pence and fatally stabbed him in the chest with the metal shank.
In 2005, she pleaded guilty to lewd or lascivious battery.
Renae Lawrence is an Australian former hospitality worker and panel beater who was convicted in Indonesia for drug trafficking as a member of the Bali Nine.
Kouao and Manning were convicted of murder and sentenced to life imprisonment.
She was tried for Glenn Turner's murder in 2004.
He was re-sentenced to life without parole in August 2010.
Simels and Khan were also convicted of possessing illegal eavesdropping equipment, which was seized in a raid on Simels' East Side offices.
Upon pressure and lawsuits from civil liberties groups, he was transferred to a civilian jail in 2006.
She had a sexual relationship with a 13-year-old boy who was one of her students in Centertown Elementary School.
Anna Anton, 34, was a small, almost frail woman, with a troubled past.
The shooting ranked as the deadliest mass shooting committed in the United States until the 1991 Luby's shooting.
Berry also suffered several broken ribs, bruised internal organs, and required staples in his head.
One end was sharpened to a point, and the other end was curved into a loop.
Schwab was dubbed The Kimberley Killer by the Australian press after the region in which he committed the murders.
He is known to have assaulted one other photographic subject, and police have speculated that others could be rape or murder victims as well.
Hale is almost universally appreciated as an excellent judge and jurist, with his central legacy coming through his written work, published after his death.
He was subsequently executed in July 1931.
After her final federal appeal was denied in July 2012, her execution date was set for January 29, 2013.
Chase was sent to Alcatraz where he became one of the longest-serving inmates; .
The sentence was reduced to 35 years imprisonment on appeal.
Bosch was the first white woman to be executed in Botswana, and was the fourth woman to be hanged since that country's independence.
The attacker, Robert Lewis Dear, Jr., was taken into custody and charged three days later with first-degree murder and ordered held without bond.
George "Dutch" Anderson was a Danish-born criminal who helped lead an early Prohibition-era gang in the United States from 1919 until the mid-1920s.
Thomas and Jackie Hawks were a couple from Prescott, Arizona, United States, who were murdered in 2004.
Ralph "The Barber" Daniello was a New York criminal who belonged to the Brooklyn Navy Street Gang and participated in a major gang slaying.
His "Million-Dollar Bunco Ring" was brought to justice in a famous trial in 1923.
Six years later, in 1986, he founded the New York chapter of the Latin Kings.
Thomas Nash was an Irish Catholic fisherman who founded Branch, Newfoundland and Labrador.
He wrote again in late May 1984, again asking for immunity and saying that the spy ring had been operating for more than 20 years.
Leon Frank Czolgosz was an American anarchist and former steel worker who assassinated U.S. President William McKinley in September 1901.
He killed his grandfather and his grandfather's companion before going to the reservation high school, where he murdered seven more people and wounded five others.
He was wanted by the governments of Mexico and USA until his capture on July 4, 2011 in Atizapán de Zaragoza, a Mexico City suburb.
During the trial, the defense questioned the victims' credibility during cross-examination, bringing up their criminal records.
Varano has been accused of tobacco smuggling and other crimes.
Others called him "the chicken that lays golden eggs", referring to his lucrative drug business.
Robert Joseph "Dolly" Dunn was an Australian convicted child molester.
Dutroux was also convicted of having killed a suspected former accomplice, Bernard Weinstein.
Goudeau is held on death row in ASPC Eyman.
In 1870, he was arrested for associating with bushranger Harry Power, convicted of stealing horses and imprisoned for three years.
On 7 January 1976, Rowntree visited part-time model Barbara Booth at her home and stabbed her to death, along with her three-year-old son Alan.
The Thurston High School shooting took place on May 21, 1998.
Martin "The General" Cahill was a prominent Irish criminal from Dublin.
In 1976, police jailed and questioned both Gore and Waterfield after Angela Hommell Austin accused them of raping her at gunpoint.
Jordan Ross Belfort is an American author, motivational speaker, and former stockbroker.
He organised the protest against redevelopment of the Swan Brewery, and was involved in the repatriation of Yagan's head in 1997.
In 1979, she was gruesomely injured in a car accident.
Shawn lived in Quincy IL, with 2 other roommates.
Harry Maurice Roberts is an English career criminal who in 1966 instigated the Shepherd's Bush murders, in which three police officers were shot dead.
Bosavern Penlez was a British wig maker who was convicted and executed for rioting along with co-defendant John Wilson.
He is now serving a 40-year sentence in the maximum security prison known as Altiplano.
The primary nature of Davidson's business consisted of providing promotional services for companies by sending large volumes of unsolicited commercial electronic messages.
Kelly Renee Gissendaner was an American woman who was executed by the state of Georgia.
He was sentenced to life imprisonment in 1988.
Ivan Korade was a Croatian Army general famous for his role in the Croatian War of Independence.
José Júlio da Costa was a Portuguese left-wing political activist who assassinated President Sidónio Pais of Portugal on 14 December 1918.
In defense of his actions, Pollard declared that he committed espionage only because "the American intelligence establishment collectively endangered Israel's security by withholding crucial information".
After his recovery from a gun shot to the leg he was released into the custody of the Yemeni prison authorities.
Yang Tianyong was the leader of a criminal gang operating in Kunming, People's Republic of China, from 16 April 1997 to 31 May 2000.
The Krays were much feared within their social environment; in the 1960s, they became celebrities, being photographed by David Bailey and interviewed on television.
Patrick Eugene Joseph Prendergast was the assassin of Chicago Mayor Carter Harrison, Sr.
Duma was originally charged, convicted and sentenced along with Simphiwe Khesi for the murders of Kippen and Anderson on 14 November 2007.
Only one more convicted criminal – Hamida Djandoubi – would suffer death upon the guillotine in France.
Angelo Lonardo was eventually tried, convicted and sentenced to life for the murder of Todaro.
Renzaho's lawyer, Francois Cantier, says he plans to appeal the decision.
Pedro Rodrigues Filho is a Brazilian serial killer.
The police have registered about 160 cases.
Hoover is currently serving six life sentences at the ADX Florence supermax prison in Florence, Colorado.
Although Kuklinski is claimed to have killed anyone who could testify against him, he got sloppy about disposing of his victims.
After his release from prison, he published a best-selling autobiography, Mr Nice, and campaigned publicly for changes in drugs legislation.
Rachel's body was found in Oxford Lake, weighted down by cinder blocks.
Mercader was awarded the title of Hero of the Soviet Union after his release in 1961.
Jimmy and Joe Governor were the last recorded outlaws of Australian colonial governments.
The Likens' parents were paying Baniszewski $20 a week to care for the sisters.
Chapman fired five times at Lennon, hitting him four times in the back.
Harold Shockley was later released from prison in an unknown year and was arrested for a single petty theft in 1999.
While in custody at Fort Smith, his unruly behavior necessitated his being chained to a cell wall.
In a plea agreement, al-Marri pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization on April 30, 2009.
But perhaps the statement that best summed up Humphreys' philosophy of life was: "Any time you become weak, you might as well die".
George David Freeman was a Sydney organised crime figure and illegal casino operator.
Julio Pérez Silva is a Chilean serial killer active between 1998 and 2001.
Belkacem was released provisionally in March 2006, because the public prosecutor deemed an eventual conviction for membership of a terrorist organisation highly unlikely.
In a five-year period, the ensuing violence left another of the Lonardo brothers, and four Porello brothers dead.
He was charged with multiple cases of rape and first-degree murder.
This case achieved notoriety throughout Indonesia due to the gruesome nature of the murders.
Having long since been wanted by Malaysian and Indonesian authorities he was added to the FBI's third major "wanted" list in 2006.
He was captured by Colombian and United States authorities on July 25, 2006 On July 20, 2006 the United States government asked for his extradition.
Cecil Ray Price was linked to the murders of Chaney, Goodman, and Schwerner in 1964.
Shawn Bentler is a convicted mass murderer from Bonaparte, Iowa.
Blaming other members of the network for his arrest, he fingered Dan Tan as the boss of his operation.
They were convicted of conspiring to aid a terrorist group, supporting a foreign terrorist organization, and money-laundering, and sentenced to 15 years in jail.
The ex-Minister of Foreign Affairs was sentenced for forging documents authenticating the cargo.
Myles Yukata Fukunaga was a Japanese-American from Honolulu, Hawaii.
José Santacruz-Londoño was a Colombian drug lord.
Christian grabbed one of the broom handles and struck Belote on the forehead.
At ImClone, Waksal led the company to develop the cancer drug Erbitux.
Lewis Moran was an Australian organized crime figure and patriarch of the infamous Moran family of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
On 24 August 2016 he was moved to HM Prison Frankland in Durham.
While in the military, he was a talented and bright soldier, earning a position in the Special Forces of the Mexican military by the mid-1990s.
Three cartridge belts with capacity of forty and seventy one bullets along with two magazines were taken from Gadirov's body.
Other human tissue found in the same river was later established to belong to Armitage.
Karl Denke was a Prussian serial killer and cannibal.
Dwyer's false conviction ultimately led to Dwyer's public suicide on January 22, 1987.
After several days he was released, and then taken to Indianapolis where he was tried and convicted of the murder of a federal agent.
Sam Poo was a Chinese bushranger in Australia who was active in the Coonabarabran region of New South Wales during 1865.
Vito Cascioferro or Vito Cascio Ferro, also known as Don Vito, was a prominent member of the Sicilian Mafia.
Joseph Michael Swango is an American serial killer and a former physician.
Represented by attorney Michael McDonnell, Steven Benson was ultimately convicted of first degree murder, attempted first degree murder, arson of a dwelling.
Bathsheba Spooner and the three men were soon arrested, tried for and convicted of Spooner's murder and sentenced to death.
According to The Economist, he was "reputed to be Russia’s mafia boss."
Confused police detectives, still on stakeout, watched as the raid began 14 hours ahead of schedule.
The Heath High School shooting occurred at Heath High School in West Paducah, Kentucky, United States, on Monday, December 1, 1997.
His last victim was his long-time girlfriend, a crime that ultimately led to his capture.
He was subsequently diagnosed by court psychiatrists as suffering from paranoid schizophrenia and sentenced to the Atascadero State Hospital as a criminally insane juvenile.
Due to Hurricane Rita his adoptive parents were unable to visit their son before the execution.
Until his death, he was Indonesia's most wanted Islamist militant.
There were approximately 50 official witnesses at the time of his death.
She chiefly used arsenic poisoning, causing gastric pain and rapid decline of health.
Msomi claims that during this exchange he was co-opted by an evil spirit, a tokoloshe.
Sentenced to two five-year terms, to run concurrently, Schoeters was released in 1966 after serving less than three years in prison.
He is well remembered as a person who had escaped multiple times from prison.
Freundel ultimately pleaded guilty to 52 counts of voyeurism and was sentenced to six-and-a-half years in prison and fined $13,000.
He confessed to four killings before being executed at Pentridge Prison, Victoria in 1936.
In 1998, Ferrell pleaded guilty to the double slaying of a couple from Eustis, Florida, becoming the youngest person in the United States on Death Row.
At the time, he was the highest-ranking member of the American Mafia to break his blood oath and turn informer.
At the time it was Britain's largest robbery, netting £2,631,684, equivalent to £49 million today.
Garfield died two months later from infections related to the injury.
In 2007, DNA evidence questioned the identification of the body found in Crippen's cellar that was supposed to be Crippen's wife.
Thwala was known by the moniker "The Phoenix Strangler".
The following day, Tattersall was arrested at a railway station.
He is serving his 110-year sentence at United States Penitentiary, Coleman in Coleman, Florida.
Searched by more than 1000 police officers Guo eventually committed suicide by swallowing pesticide when he was surrounded on February 23.
Anthony Joseph "Tony" Giacalone, also known as Tony Jack was an American organized crime figure in Detroit, serving as a capo in the Detroit Partnership.
She is incarcerated at the Mountain View Unit in Gatesville, Texas, and her Texas Department of Criminal Justice Offender number is #1381826.
He is the brother of Bonanno mobster Robert Attanasio.
Jacob Ostreicher is an American businessman and investor.
She murdered at least five people by poisoning them.
The Colima cartel has become a branch of the Sinaloa Cartel as are the Milenio Cartel, Guadalajara Cartel, and Sonora Cartels.
On December 29, 2010 Awad was arrested in Denmark for the Copenhagen terror plot, and found guilty in 2012.
Genna was ambushed by a Genna family turncoat on orders of North Side Gang leaders Vince Drucci and Bugs Moran.
James MacPherson was a Scottish outlaw, famed for his Lament or Rant, a version of which was rewritten by the Scottish poet, Robert Burns.
The weapon was a long dagger-like piece of metal, approximately seven inches long.
In December 1989, Taylor was sentenced to death and placed on death row at Utah State Prison.
Gore targeted at least four additional women who escaped with their lives.
John Allen Kendrick was an American criminal, escape artist, bank robber and member of the Tri-State Gang whose career spanned four decades.
While most of the evidence against him was circumstantial, a bloody palm print on an envelope led to Kuhl's conviction.
The mortally wounded Klein fired back, hitting Barrett in both legs.
Prime Minister David Cameron and Home Secretary Theresa May also visited West Cumbria.
But, almost seven months later, in May 1925, Moran chased Angelo in a high-speed car chase and shot him to death.
Edwin Alonzo Boyd was a Canadian bank robber and leader of the Boyd Gang.
She was the first woman executed in Arkansas since 1845.
He is the author of Inside the Crips: Life Inside L.A.'s Most Notorious Gang, a book detailing his life in the gang.
John Gilmore, Mitch Kapor, John Perry Barlow and many others came to Rose's aid and helped pay for his defense.
Referred to as the "Athens Ripper", he was sentenced to thirteen terms of life imprisonment, plus 25 years.
He committed a series of rapes in Philadelphia between 1997 and 1999, where he was known as the "Center City rapist".
After uploading the video, Rodger e-mailed a lengthy autobiographical manuscript to some of his acquaintances, his therapist and several family members.
Al Gentry, brother of Neumar's fourth husband Harold, had urged police to investigate his death for 22 years, prior to her arrest in 2007.
Before being captured he killed twice more, shooting civilian George Luckett on 23 June 1982 and Police Sergeant David Winter on 28 June 1982.
The criminal career of the Russo brothers started in the 1970s and they had close ties to Mario Fabbrocino and Michele Zaza.
After the killing of Puccio on May 11, 1989, Lucchese became the capo-mandamento of the Ciaculli-Brancaccio mafia families.
He committed at least 27 murders throughout 1996 and 1997.
A dual Canadian-Jordanian citizen at the time of his arrest, on September 26, 2015 he was stripped of his Canadian citizenship.
Crack cocaine had ravaged the city to the point where people were afraid to leave their homes or take public transportation.
The verdict was upheld by the Court of Appeal and by the Supreme Court.
In February 2010, she was arrested on charges of attempted murder of her live-in partner, Milton Walker.
In 2002, he was arrested for the murder of 11-year-old Jakob von Metzler, the son of a well-known Frankfurt banker.
No suspects have been arrested and a serial killer is believed to be responsible.
Christian Ranucci, also sentenced to death for a child murder, was guillotined at Marseille's Baumettes prison sixteen days later.
In an August 2010 decision, the conviction was upheld.
Hıdır Aslan was a Turkish rebel, a member of a left wing militia.
Treholt's espionage is generally seen as the most serious spy case in the modern history of Norway.
He is believed to have killed at least twelve individuals and wounded numerous others, with almost all being African-Americans.
Richard Roger Lavigne is a former priest of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.
Dugard was 11 years old at the time and was abducted from a street while she was walking from home to a school bus stop.
Williams would have been 71 before he was eligible for parole.
She was free on bail while she appealed.
The following day Duma hijacked, shot and killed two men; Masizane Mtshatsha and Thamsanqua Mbindwane.
Nathaniel R. Brazill is an American student who was charged at age 13 with the murder of one of his school teachers, Barry Grunow.
Benjamin Nathaniel Smith was an American spree killer and member of the neo-Nazi World Church of the Creator.
He frequently spoke on Young Earth creationism in schools, churches, debates, and on radio and television broadcasts.
After the Supreme Court ruled that the state had to provide defense counsel for the indigent, Florida retried Gideon.
List gave critical financial problems, and his perception that his family was falling away from God, as his rationale.
The press gave him his nickname after the first five victims were found in the Green River before his identity was known.
Thomas Tattersall was an English plasterer who was convicted of murdering his wife.
The Azerbaijan State Oil Academy shooting occurred on April 30, 2009 at the Azerbaijan State Oil Academy, a public university in Baku, Azerbaijan.
Sources reported that Xu was allegedly involved in the corruption scandal involving Gome Electrical Appliances founder, Huang Guangyu.
He was a conspirator with John Wilkes Booth, who assassinated President Abraham Lincoln the same night.
Goudeau was linked to the attack by DNA evidence collected shortly following the time of the crime.
He claimed to be recruited into Jamaat Ansar al-Sunna in August 2005.
Although he was never charged with the murders, Price was convicted in October 1967 of violating the civil rights of the three victims.
Paolilla was convicted in October 2008 and sentenced to life in prison.
The Association claimed to be a national organization with 43 U.S. chapters and over 66,000 members.
Tariel Oniani is a Georgian mafia boss and 'thief in law'.
Burke and Hare's actions were uncovered after other lodgers discovered their last victim, Margaret Docherty, and called the police.
Frank Monte was a member of the Philadelphia crime family.
Although he was indicted on multiple drug charges, Weiss was never sentenced for any of these crimes.
In 2006, he was indicted for seducing a 14-year-old girl, who was actually a sheriff's deputy working undercover, on the internet.
It is also the setting for the final story in the collection, “The Tale of How Ivan Ivanovich Quarreled with Ivan Nikiforovich”.
A third trial on the charge of murdering her husband ended in a hung jury in July 1964.
When he discovered the bomb was real, Barnes said a pistol was fired in order to force Wells' compliance, and witnesses confirmed hearing a gunshot.
His final words before being executed by lethal injection were: "Yep...
Kuklinski was given the nickname "The Iceman" for his method of freezing a victim to mask the time of death.
Louise Peete was a convicted American murderer.
Mack was also suspected of, and later charged with, the sniper shooting of Family Court Judge Chuck Weller, who was handling the couple’s acrimonious divorce.
Morrison was the son of Scottish immigrants to Canada from the Isle of Lewis, born in the Hebridean-Scots community near Lac-Mégantic in Quebec, Canada.
Now naked, the trio robbed a road gang's hut for clothing, and began a twenty-month spree of bushranging and robbing mail coaches, homesteads and inns.
Boucher led Montreal's Hells Angels against the rival Rock Machine biker gang during the Quebec Biker War of 1994 through 2002 in Quebec, Canada.
In addition he was charged with recruiting for armed struggle, several firearms offences and forging documents.
Allan McLean was a Canadian outlaw, born in Thompson's River Post New Caledonia
He was a senior colonel in the SS by the age of 35.
Allegedly founding the Tambov syndicate in 1989 to run protection rackets, Kumarin later expanded into nightclubs and strip clubs.
Brown was previously convicted of bank fraud believed to be in support of terrorists in Somalia, and "communication with a minor for immoral purposes".
Goode was apprehended by the police after a woman had recognized Billy Arthes.
They are known as the Railway Rapists and the Railway Killers.
Abuelazam was 6 feet 5 inches and weighed 280 pounds at the time of his booking.
He was named as the 10th richest man in Mexico in 2011, with a net worth of roughly US$1 billion.
When the three women were unable to earn enough money Lyons hired Kitty McGown away from rival pimp Joseph Quinn.
Human remains, videotapes, and journals found at the cabin later confirmed Lake's involvement, and were used to convict him on 11 counts of capital murder.
He is the only player in major league history with the initials "UU" or "UUU".
This evidence suggested that the remains discovered in his cellar were, in fact, those of a male person.
He pleaded guilty in federal court on 9 May 2011 and was sentenced to 28 years in prison.
He hails from Africo in the Locride.
While he was away Silva murdered the six Chings after the eldest daughter Maud had rejected his advances.
In conformity with European Convention on Human Rights, the parliament enacted on August 3, 2002 abolishment of the death penalty in all instances, including wartime.
He was hanged for the murder of his wife Ellen in 1889, and was the last person executed in Dundee, Scotland.
Thomas Lucchese was a Sicilian-born American gangster and founding member of the Mafia in the United States, an offshoot of the Cosa Nostra in Sicily.
The killer was called "the Whitechapel Murderer" as well as "Leather Apron" within the crime case files, as well as in contemporary journalistic accounts.
She was caught when trying to poison the Frankhuizen family in December 1883.
After being released, he immediately started his spate of murder and sodomy accounting for the deaths of at least 12 young boys by strangulation or stoning.
He eventually died an untimely death in Italy at the age of 30.
Missing from the apartment were Bradford's two television sets and her stereo components.
Salvatore Russo) is an Italian Camorrista and boss of the Russo clan from Nola, which he co-founded.
Through Abadias' illegal enterprise, he has amassed a fortune estimated at $1.8 billion by the US Department of State.
Reports that he would visit Haut de la Garenne children's home are disputed.
He was instead diagnosed as having narcissistic personality disorder.
Koljonen was born 1912 in Lahti, Finland.
The Calcutta Police also failed to resolve whether any of the crimes were committed as a copycat murder.
In August, 2009, the suspect was formally indicted and charged with 60 cases, including two cases of rape of small boys.
On 14 September 2006 the Dutch television program Nova broadcast parts of a video-testament of Samir Azzouz.
At the time of the genocide, Seromba was priest of a Catholic parish at Nyange in the Kibuye province of western Rwanda.
Unfortunately Donald's father Murdo Morrison mortgaged the homestead to Lieutenant Colonel Malcolm MacAulay, who took advantage of Murdo's illiteracy and cheated him out of his farm.
He also controlled much of the illegal drug trade in the Mexican states of Nuevo León, Michoacán, Hidalgo, Veracruz, Tabasco, Quintana Roo and Mexico City.
Miyuki Ishikawa was a Japanese midwife and serial killer who is believed to have murdered many infants with the aid of several accomplices throughout the 1940s.
A native of Gioia Tauro, Piromalli was one of the most famous of the 'Ndrangheta bosses and headed the Piromalli 'ndrina.
The Victoria and Albert Museum in London held an exhibition of Greenhalgh's "works" from 23 January to 7 February 2010.
Her case, among others, sparked international attention towards Indonesia's capital punishment and drug prohibition laws.
He refused to rob cavaliers and even gave money to poor royalists.
Michael Dewayne Johnson was a criminal sentenced to death for the 1995 murder of Jeff Wetterman.
Kaczynski was the target of the Federal Bureau of Investigation's longest and costliest investigation.
After a criminal trial on 14 February 2006, Chan was sentenced to execution by firing squad by the Denpasar District Court.
Fiercely loyal, he had a reputation of taking care of those around him and not squealing on his friends.
Brought up by her father, she had a poor relationship with her mother, who arranged for Blanche to be married to an older man.
Autry had been convicted of shooting 43-year-old Port Arthur convenience store clerk, Shirley Drouet, between the eyes with a .38 caliber pistol on April 20, 1980.
Franklin Delano Floyd is an American death row inmate.
On July 22, 1995, she was convicted of the drowning deaths of her two sons, three-year-old Michael Daniel Smith, and 14-month-old Alexander Tyler Smith.
Phillip Roger Bennett was the CEO of Refco, Inc.
Based upon Traylor's conclusions, district attorney Dale Cox charged Crawford with homicide, and asked for the death penalty.
She was acquitted on three of the charges and three were dismissed.
Simpson was arrested in March 2003, two days after a jewel robbery in Temecula, California.
Stobbart was hospitalised and Brown was killed, while Rathband remained in hospital for nearly three weeks and was permanently blinded.
Having raped the men he thought it would be better to kill them than have them report the assault to police.
The murder was the subject of national television coverage, including a documentary on 48 Hours titled "Why did Josh Kill?"
The charges of poisoning her husbands were never proved in a court of law.
He earned more than $400,000, while the various medical facilities billed insurance companies and individuals approximately $5 million for his services.
The following day he was given four life sentences and ordered to serve a minimum of 27 years in prison.
They continue to campaign for Ethel to be legally exonerated.
He was described in court as a “voracious, calculating, predatory and violent homosexual paedophile” who sexually abused young boys over a 30-year period.
During his trial, Daglis told the court, "I hated all prostitutes and continue to hate them.
His story is well chronicled and has been featured on Dateline NBC, CNBC's American Greed, in Fortune magazine, Bloomberg Businessweek, Playboy magazine, and other media outlets.
On 12 December 2011 he was convicted of the April 1995 shooting murder of New South Wales prostitute Donna Ann Hicks.
He committed his crimes between September 2003 and July 2004, when he was arrested.
Born in Armenia, Colombia, Lehder eventually ran a cocaine transport empire on Norman's Cay island, 210 miles off the Florida coast in the central Bahamas.
He failed to appear in court on February 23, 2005, when he was due to appear to give his plea over the charges.
Instead it was established that the young man had been identified as mentally ill and there had been steps to incarcerate him before the murders.
On 10 November 1992, Beauregard-Smith was sentenced to twelve months imprisonment for escaping custody.
Todaro allegedly conspired with rival mobster Joseph Porello to kill Joe Lonardo and his brother, John, when the boss returned to Cleveland from Sicily.
From May 1941 Beiglböck worked as Stabsarzt of the Luftwaffe.
Initially blame for the violence was placed on the NGO workers.
His crimes were so atrocious that most mass media were not willing to report the details.
He had been suspended on full pay since September 2008 and on 31 March 2010 was formally dismissed from the Metropolitan Police.
Alfieri's nickname is 'o 'ntufato, the angry one, thanks to the dissatisfied, angry sneer he wears constantly.
Salvatore "Totò" Cuffaro is a convicted criminal, formerly an Italian politician, former President of Sicily, has served an almost 5-year jail sentence for aiding Cosa Nostra.
Palle Mogens Fogde Sørensen is a former small-time criminal who shot and killed four police officers on his way home after a break-in.
Killing them, he allegedly reasoned, would assure their souls a place in Heaven, where he hoped eventually to join them.
Six people died in the incident, including the perpetrator, tying it with the University of Iowa shooting as the fifth-deadliest university shooting in United States history.
Mrs. Opdam found out, but being a devoted Catholic, there was never any question of a divorce.
He and his various associates carried out many audacious raids across New South Wales, from Bathurst to Forbes, south to Gundagai and east to Goulburn.
McGuire is serving her sentence at the Edna Mahan Correctional Facility for Women in Clinton, New Jersey.
In March 2001, he escaped an attempt to arrest him.
His wife and children have been killed as well.
Sappington was convicted on December 10, 2004 of an attempted aggravated robbery and murder of David Mashak at his auto dealership in March 2001.
FBI agents were waiting for Gibson however and opened fire.
His father left his mother and moved to California before he was one year old.
After settling in Cuba during 1982, Vesco was charged with drug smuggling during 1989.
Mary Frith, alias Moll Cutpurse, was a notorious pickpocket and fence of the London underworld.
Lars-Inge Andersson best known as Lars-Inge Svartenbrandt, later Lars Ferm and even later known as Lars Patrick Carlander, was a Swedish criminal.
Franklin was on death row for 15 years awaiting execution in the state of Missouri for the 1977 murder of Gerald Gordon.
Turpin's involvement in the crime with which he is most closely associated—highway robbery—followed the arrest of the other members of his gang in 1735.
Shirley Winters is a convicted murderer and arsonist from upstate New York.
As a result, Northumbria Police voluntarily referred the case to the Independent Police Complaints Commission.
Bianchi is also a suspect in the alphabet murders, three unsolved murders in his home city of Rochester, New York.
In November 2009, Waithe was convicted of drugs offences in Bristol, England.
Following arrest in 1990, he admitted to the murders and was sentenced to consecutive terms of life imprisonment without the possibility of parole.
Mohammed Abdullah Azam is a citizen of the United Kingdom who was charged under its counter-terrorism laws in 2002, and convicted in 2003.
In 1952, Mrs. Opdam's health declined steadily until she died on 24 September.
Peete was first convicted of murdering wealthy mining engineer Jacob C. Denton in 1920 and was sentenced to life in prison.
Provenzano would be found guilty and sentenced to death for the attack.
Milken was sentenced to ten years in prison, fined $600 million, and permanently barred from the securities industry by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
As of 2016, he is imprisoned again, currently serving a criminal penalty in Zabela.
John George Haigh, commonly known as the Acid Bath Murderer, was an English serial killer.
However, he was never convicted of the crime.
McCarthy continued to proclaim her innocence, and stated that she was framed for murder.
From 1980 to 1984 he held a different series of jobs, none within the intelligence community.
Four black males and one woman were arrested and charged in the case.
The killings were undertaken by William Burke and William Hare, who sold the corpses to Doctor Robert Knox for dissection at his anatomy lectures.
Aussie Elliott was a Depression-era outlaw and associate of bank robbers George Birdwell and Charles "Pretty Boy" Floyd.
A few days later, he presented himself to the local police and was arrested for her murder.
Koljonen escaped, but was caught at Valkeakoski.
However, the judge said that his interpretation of Canada’s extradition law left him no choice but to commit Diab to extradition.
In July 2016, the sentence was reduced to 40 years, deducting three years of the term, making Bayley eligible for parole in 2055.
He is currently held in the prison of Évora.
Al Capone said of him, "Anybody can use a gun.
He was alleged to have been involved in police corruption and bribing politicians.
A religious teacher and clergyman, he was dubbed "Father Bluebeard" by some of the Belgian press.
Earl Brian Bradley is a former pediatrician from Lewes, Delaware and convicted serial child molester.
Môn was sentenced to death for the murder of eleven people in November 1998.
The nickname comes from the genital mutilation inflicted on the male victims.
He was Deputy Senior Crown Prosecutor at the NSW Department of Public Prosecutions.
In January 2006, about a month after his last sentencing, Maust committed suicide by hanging himself in his jail cell.
Terry Blair is an American serial killer, who raped and killed at least seven women in Kansas City, Missouri.
Robinson's final meal prior to his execution was fried chicken gizzards, french fries, smoked sausage, and butter pecan ice cream.
Sister Helen Prejean was asked to write to death row inmates as part of her Order's community outreach program and happened to write to Sonnier.
Frederick Grant Dunn was an American criminal, burglar and bank robber whose career spanned over four decades from 1919 until his mysterious death in 1959.
Knight led a hermit's life in the years leading up to the incident.
Béla Kiss(kish) was a Hungarian serial killer.
He succeeded his uncle Matteo Motisi as head of the Motisi Mafia clan and boss of the mandamento of Pagliarelli.
In August 2013, Mansfield was fined NZD 95,000 in New Zealand under the Unsolicited Electronic Messages Act 2007 for the sending of unsolicited email communications.
He is considered to be a terrorist by the National Memorial Institute for the Prevention of Terrorism.
The murders took place in May 1994, one month after he had been released on parole for an earlier conviction.
This is part of the ongoing targeting of Muslims in Britain since September 11.
Berry's jaw and facial bones were badly broken during the assault and required surgery and metal implants to repair the damage.
Pelé's second son and Edson's brother Joshua is also a footballer, playing under Edson at Santos.
Steven Avery is a man from Manitowoc County, Wisconsin, who was wrongfully convicted of sexual assault and attempted murder in 1985.
Wilhelm Beiglböck was an internist and held the title of Consulting Physician to the German Luftwaffe during World War II.
Thomas "Tommy" Bilotti was a New York mobster with the Gambino crime family who served as underboss for two weeks.
From jail, he repeatedly made written and verbal statements to the effect that he saw nothing wrong with sex between a man and a boy.
Instead, the FBI set up a sting operation to lure Camacho back to the United States.
Her body was discovered six days later near Gisborne South, about 50 kilometres north from Brunswick.
Swanenburg's motive was the money she would receive either through the victims' insurance or their inheritance.
Gul Ahmad Saeed is a suspected Pakistani mass murderer who killed 14 people.
Shockley was arrested for bank robbery and kidnapping in Oklahoma and sentenced to life imprisonment in May 1938.
Fleeing to the bush, Kelly vowed to avenge his mother, who was imprisoned for her role in the incident.
He was sentenced to eight years in federal prison on conspiracy charges and ordered to pay $3.5 million in restitution.
He was convicted of murder and various lesser charges, including the earlier shooting, and was sentenced to death in August 1991.
He was stripped of his knighthood and two other awards in consequence.
Former U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright authorised his extradition back to Australia after he was deported from Honduras to the United States.
She is considered to be Sweden's worst female serial killer.
Ashworth met Baker for the first time while drinking at the Wagon Wheel, a bar in Newark, Ohio.
On November 17, 2006, he was sentenced to five years in prison, with ten years of probation, and he was registered as a sex offender.
The Vasquez Rocks, 40 miles north of Los Angeles, were one of his many hideouts and are named for him.
Stuart's brother confessed to police that the crime was committed by Stuart to collect life insurance, and Stuart subsequently committed suicide.
The charges stemmed from a sexual encounter with a 14-year-old male student in the summer of 2004.
He was also known as Amar Usmanan, Joko Pitoyo, Joko Pitono, Abdul Matin, Pitono, Muktarmar, Djoko, and Noval.
He died in Albany, New York in 2008.
Manson believed Helter Skelter to be an impending apocalyptic race war, which he described in his own version of the lyrics to the Beatles' song.
Also, he was one of the Juárez Cartel co-founders.
He was remanded for the misappropriation of 26 billion rupees of investments from the failed Golden Key Credit Company.
She ultimately became central to one of the most famous English criminal mysteries of the 18th century.
A long foot chase ensued, during which the pursued shot the Constable in the chest, mortally wounding him.
Following Salvatore Riina's arrest in early 1993, Bagarella is believed to have taken over a section of the Corleonesi, rivalling Riina's putative successor, Bernardo Provenzano.
A total of 15 people were killed and seven others injured in his half-hour rampage, before police managed to subdue him.
Prior to his arrest, the media nicknamed the unidentified killer "the Beast of Birkenshaw".
After being convicted for the October 1998 murder of his election opponent, incumbent Tennessee State Senator Tommy Burks, he was given a life sentence in prison.
His fingerprints were found at the crime scene, which was located in an apartment complex where he had been staying.
António Luís Costa is an ex-GNR soldier and serial killer from Santa Comba Dão, Portugal.
Reddy came to the United States in 1960 to study engineering at the University of California, Berkeley.
Friedrich Schumann was a German serial killer.
Rafael Aguilar Guajardo was a Mexican drug lord and federal police commander of the Direccion Federal de Seguridad in Mexico.
Pelton declared personal bankruptcy in 1979 and resigned from his $24,500-a-year job with the NSA A Group.
He joined the Military Intelligence Service in 1944, and worked in post-war Japan as an interpreter.
Antonis Daglis committed suicide on 2 August 1997.
The murder cases were widely publicized, and were featured on the television series Unsolved Mysteries in 1989.
After her conviction, and until her execution, Gissendaner was the only woman on death row in Georgia.
Despite wearing a bulletproof vest, the agents' high-powered rifles killed him instantly.
Earl Edwin Pitts is a former FBI special agent who, in 1996, was arrested at the FBI Academy in Quantico, Virginia.
It transpired the murderer and victim were distant cousins.
He employed techniques such as videotaped torture and decapitation.
He was convicted of war crimes and crimes against humanity, and sentenced to 15 years imprisonment.
The killings, which came to be known as the "Clear Lake murders," made national headlines.
Lowell Amos was the subject of a 2006 Lifetime Network made-for-TV movie called Black Widower.
Leanne Sarah Holland was an Australian girl from Goodna, Queensland, who was murdered in September 1991, when she was twelve years old.
In September 2008, he shot a short horror film at a garage he rented in the south end of Edmonton.
He was arrested for robbery and served about 10 years of his 15-year sentence.
He served his sentence in Nieuw Vosseveld and was released on 27 January 2012.
The family consisted of John Bender; his wife, Elvira Bender; son, John, Jr.; and daughter, Kate.
It quickly became a sensationalized story in the media.
He was subsequently convicted of the 1985 murder of a man in California and is now serving 27 years to life in a California prison.
They also suspect that several of his crimes have not been reported, because the victims feared social stigma.
However, it was actually a front to attract investment for a massive Ponzi scheme.
William Unek was an African police constable and mass murderer who killed a total of 57 people in two separate spree killings three years apart.
In a November 2004 cover article, Fortune magazine called him "The Man Who Changed Medicine" for changes in approach to funding and results that he initiated.
Ramu Mech aliases Prabin Konwar and Sailen Baruah, is a Central Executive Committee Member of the banned outfit ULFA in Assam.
The call was traced and Ashworth was arrested.
Gina Marie Marks is an American psychic and convicted fraudster.
His lawyers, however, have appealed the verdict and sentence.
In 1981, Montes broke into the room of a girl in a youth hostel in the Netherlands and "touched her sexually against her wishes".
Waneta Ethel Hoyt was an American serial killer who was convicted of killing all five of her biological children.
Larry Murphy is an Irishman who, in 2001, was convicted of kidnapping, repeatedly raping, and attempting to murder a young Carlow woman in the Wicklow Mountains.
He sent letters describing the details of the murders to police and local news outlets before his arrest.
He received recognition as the best model of Belgrade Fashion week 2006.
He was arrested November 29, 1988 and convicted of killing Shirley A. Ellis, 23, in November 1987, and Catherine A. DiMauro, 32, in June 1988.
Guenther Fritz Erwin Podola was a German-born petty thief, and the last man to be hanged in Britain for killing a police officer.
On June 6, Bourque was found and taken into custody, ending a manhunt that lasted over 28 hours.
Powell was a Confederate soldier wounded at Gettysburg.
She referred to herself as the "Queen of crooks".
He married Beatrice Mabel Jones in 1913, but Beatrice died on 11 July 1956 after a long and debilitating illness.
The police realized that this was the same offender in the autumn of 2007.
He was killed - beaten with a baseball bat and his throat slit - on April 18, 1955.
Sentenced to life imprisonment, Yanikian was released on parole in January 1984.
Giuseppe "Pino" Greco was a hitman and high-ranking member of the Sicilian Mafia.
He was particularly known for cutting out middlemen in the drug trade and buying heroin directly from his source in the Golden Triangle.
In Fort Myers, he happened upon 9 year old Jason VerDow, lured him into the woods, abused and then strangled him.
Ashworth is the fourth Ohio prisoner to drop his appeals since the death penalty was resumed in the state in 1999.
Richard Turpin was an English highwayman whose exploits were romanticised following his execution in York for horse theft.
"I'm not going to waste no time talking about my lifestyle, my case, my punishment.
Her official cause of death was found to be accidental drowning.
The new faction led by Songbijit is termed as NDFB(S) by the media and the government.
In 1987, Hall shot and killed hitchhiker Lyn Saunders at Gol Gol, New South Wales.
The Tijuana Cartel has been described as one of the biggest and most violent criminal groups in Mexico.
Canning's case pitted two groups of believers against one another: the pro-Canning "Canningites", and the pro-Squires "Egyptians".
The following week, he resigned as MP for the state electorate of Swansea.
Circumstantial evidence implicated Desha, who denied the crime.
He and Guarraci are presently the two top men, as boss and underboss respectively, in the criminal organization.
Ion Rîmaru killed four women and attacked more than 10 others.
He killed one student and a professor, and wounded four people, before he surrendered to police.
Agron organized a motor fuel racket which would earn millions, if not billions, through fuel tax fraud.
The crimes were perpetrated with a .44 caliber Bulldog revolver.
The indictment was unsealed in May 2004.
There is a reward of $200,000 for the two abductions.
In 2012, he was sentenced in absentia to eight years of imprisonment for fraud totalling CZK 108,000,000.
Duma’s reasoning, victimology and methodology changed almost from victim to victim indicating that he was a disorganized killer.
It was established with certainty she poisoned at least 102 people with arsenic, of whom 27 died between 1880 and 1883.
He was convicted of first degree murder and robbery in 1962.
Troy Graves is an American serial rapist and murderer of Shannon Schieber.
A collection of her art was displayed at an exhibition in Tehran by supporters campaigning her release.
The indictment included 30 counts of money laundering, extortion, obstruction of justice, racketeering, and bribery.
In June 2012, De Pedis' corpse was finally removed from the church, cremated and the ashes dissolved in the sea.
At its peak, Sabini had extensive police and political connections including judges, politicians and police officials.
Janet "Jenny" Luy Lim-Napoles is a businesswoman who is believed to have masterminded the Priority Development Assistance Fund Scam.
In 1982, Escobar was elected as an alternate member of the Chamber of Representatives of Colombia as part of the Liberal Alternative movement.
She became a defendant in the Stutthof Trial, where she and other defendants were convicted for their crimes at the camp.
He assumed the false name Juan Carlos Pizarro Yagi.
He remained there until 1950, when he killed himself by hanging.
David John Birnie and Catherine Margaret Birnie were an Australian couple from Perth, Western Australia.
Stanley Mark Rifkin is a convicted criminal in the United States responsible for stealing $10.2 million through wire transfer via telephone in the autumn of 1978.
According to the original federal charges, Madoff said that his firm had "liabilities of approximately US$50 billion".
A day before his trial was to start, Desha died of a fever.
He was the subject of Victoria's biggest fraud case and known as "Australia's greatest conman".
He then broke into the living quarters, where he killed the other five people with the same axe.
During his varied career, he bootlegged liquor into Los Angeles, ran legal gambling ships in international waters, and legally operated casinos in Las Vegas, Nevada.
The 13th and last woman to be hanged in Canada, she was executed on 9 January 1953 in Montreal, Quebec.
He hails from Helosa gaon in Nalbari district of Assam.
He redirected the 'Ndrangheta clan from its rural base to an entrepreneurial criminal organisation.
Madoff said he began the Ponzi scheme in the early 1990s.
He liked to travel far and wide in beat-up old cars, frequently picked up hitchhikers, and spent time in bars and motels.
Davis was released from prison in 2007 after accepting a plea deal and confessing to the crimes.
He is of Lebanese descent, but spent most of his life in Melbourne, Australia.
He and the others arrested are alleged to have plotted coordinated bombing attacks against targets in southern Ontario.
In 2009, Peterson was indicted for Savio's murder after a second autopsy showed evidence of a struggle.
Enrique Plancarte Solís was a Mexican drug lord and high-ranking leader of the Knights Templar Cartel, a drug cartel headquartered in the state of Michoacán.
Thomas David Lukas Olsen, formerly known as Magnus Gäfgen is a German child murderer.
Their bodies were found near RAF Lakenheath, Suffolk, on 17 August 2002, by a local farm worker.
Duma then alighted from his taxi and robbed the victim of his remaining money and a 9mm Norinco pistol.
"Good people, I request your prayers for the salvation of my departing soul.
Andre Thomas is a convicted murderer and death row inmate from Grayson County, Texas.
Perumal is accused on several match fixing scandals, including Asiagate in 2007–2009 and the 2008–2011 Finnish match-fixing scandal.
After being outlawed, he moved into a cave in the area and lived a lifestyle compared to Robin Hood.
With the assistance of two New Zealand Army NZLAVs, they were successful at about 5 pm on 8 May.
During the conversation, Zuern expressed general hostility towards the officers, saying "somebody should do something to them sons of bitches".
To hide his identity, the boy's last name was legally changed to Agosto which bore similarity to the father's first name.
One was of Fort Drum, a U.S. military facility located five hours away near the border with Canada in upstate New York.
The Coburg shooting was an attempted school killing at Realschule II in Coburg, Bavaria, Germany during the morning of 2 July 2003.
He became famous in Tombstone, Arizona for killing two men in self-defense.
Gong was arrested on February 28, 2006 when a boy escaped from his apartment and called the police.
Benbrika is alleged to be the spiritual leader of the group.
He was a killer for the brothers Filippo and Giuseppe Graviano who headed the Mafia family of Brancaccio.
Generally his role was to provide important technical support, but on at least one occasion he personally gassed about 20 people.
Barry Morris was an Australian politician, who in 1995 was jailed for making bomb and death threats.
Kaspars Petrovs is a Latvian serial killer.
The series remains popular among school children.
Meneder was kept in confinement of the military barracks of the South Morava brigade because of a barracks brawl.
The 12 pieces were sold by George Bamby of Epic Pictures Ltd in July 2017 to a private collector in Jersey, Channel Islands for £545,000.
Vincenzo Casillo was an Italian Camorrista and the second in command of the Nuova Camorra Organizzata, a Camorra organization in Naples.
On June 8, 1954, Opdam was convicted to life in prison.
On April 14, 1865, Booth resolved to assassinate Lincoln, Seward, and Vice President Andrew Johnson.
It directed state courts to review sentences for all persons covered under this ruling, an estimated 1200 to 1800 nationwide.
Although he admitted to murdering 21 people, mostly prostitutes and wealthy old men, the Seoul Central District Court convicted him of 20 murders.
He received a life sentence for the murder of the police officer Beppe Montana on 28 July 1985.
Domenico Libri, also known as Don Mico, was an Italian criminal and a member of the 'Ndrangheta in Calabria.
In 2008, he was convicted on state charges of second-degree murder in Florida and sentenced to 40 years in prison.
His last crime and the only one after 1981 took place in 1986.
Though he remained imprisoned until his death, Heirens had recanted his confession and claimed to be a victim of coercive interrogation and police brutality.
Satish was finally caught in 1998, when his last victim led the police to him.
Therefore, the FBI decided to confront Pelton directly, playing the tape of his conversation with the Soviet embassy.
They were primarily involved in marijuana trafficking.
He has competed for the UFC, WEC, MFC, and Israel FC.
However, he was unmasked when a new investigator for the state medical board inherited the Barnes case and questioned him.
He was sentenced to life in prison without parole in 1988 on drugs charges.
He was the last man executed in South Australia on 24 November 1964.
John Factor, born Iakov Faktorowicz, was a Prohibition-era gangster and con artist affiliated with the Chicago Outfit.
Her husband threatened to kill her once he got out of jail, so when his sentence was shortened to six months, Anton went into deep hiding.
Police arrived at the hut about one hour later, whereupon the wounded were brought to hospital.
As commander of Special Detachment 11b, Braune organized and conducted mass murders of Jews in German-occupied areas of southern Ukraine and in the Crimea.
He oversaw the refineries for his boss, Joseph "Big Joe" Lonardo, recognized as Cleveland's first Mafia Godfather.
A 12th woman was attacked and left for dead on Thanksgiving 1997, but survived.
Dominic Cherry turned himself in to police on September 24.
In the early 1960s Roselli was recruited, without his knowledge, by the Central Intelligence Agency in a plot to assassinate Cuban leader Fidel Castro.
John David Duty was an American who was executed in Oklahoma for first-degree murder.
Anthony Blair was an American convicted for the murder of his 16-year-old stepdaughter Maggie Blair.
On 3 May 2010, Kasab was found guilty of 80 offences, including murder, waging war against India, possessing explosives, and other charges.
He is currently serving his sentence in California State Prison, Corcoran.
Cottingham is incarcerated in New Jersey State Prison in Trenton, New Jersey.
Daglis was initially suspected for two murders after he was arrested for the rape and abduction of an English woman named Ann Hamson.
He is wanted for many criminal cases that include extortion, murder, smuggling, drug trafficking and film finance.
Kraft is also believed to have committed the rape and murder of up to 51 further boys and young men.
Nearly 22 hours later, the shooting of traffic police officer Rathband, parked in East Denton, was linked to Moat.
Mary Carleton was an Englishwoman who used false identities, such as a German princess, to marry and defraud a number of men.
Throughout this case he was defended by a court-appointed attorney because nearly all of his assets had been seized.
Faiello held neither a medical degree nor a license to practice medicine.
Only one brother, Louis, stayed out of the crime family, instead becoming a priest.
The court denied defense funds for neuropsychiatric tests to explore other types of mental disability.
Cheri Laverne Dalton, also known as Nehanda Isoke Abiodun, is a black American rap music activist and fugitive from justice, currently living in Cuba.
Nicholas John 'Nick' Baker is a British citizen who was convicted of smuggling cocaine and ecstasy into Japan.
He was the grandson of a long-serving Western Australia Police Commissioner, Robert Connell.
Colin Bouwer is a South African-born doctor, who rose to become Head of Psychiatry at the University of Otago.
Breivik claimed that his solitary confinement violated his human rights and asserted that he had been subjected to degrading treatment.
As of August 2013, Antico is imprisoned at the Butner Federal Medical Center in Butner, North Carolina.
There were many charges by the government and in the media that constantly evolved and changed over the period of nearly 13 years.
Chapman was the first criminal to be dubbed "Public Enemy Number One" by the press.
Baker's conviction was upheld on appeal but Baker's sentence was reduced to 11 years in prison and the fine to ¥3,000,000.
He was convicted of 11 murders, one attempted murder, 17 robberies, one rape, one attempted rape, one count of sexual abuse, two kidnappings and two thefts.
On 30 July 2015, during the 2015 Jerusalem gay pride, he stabbed 16-year-old Shira Banki to death, and wounded six other people.
In 2005, Chan was arrested at Ngurah Rai International Airport in Denpasar.
Tanzi founded Parmalat in 1961, after dropping out of college.
Spence was also a suspect in the assassination of Morgan Earp.
Zulkifli Abdhir was a Malaysian who was one of the FBI Most Wanted Terrorists.
Salvatore Lo Piccolo, also known as the Baron, is a Sicilian mafioso and one of the most powerful bosses of Palermo, Sicily.
He is commonly said to have killed as many as 200, though this figure is traceable only to 1940s pulp magazines.
Corll was shot dead by Henley, then 17 years old, on August 8, 1973.
In December 2015, after completing her sentence, Berenson returned to New York to live with her family.
Gilberto Chamba is an Ecuadorian serial killer, convicted of murdering 9 people in Ecuador and Spain.
Messina and his family arrived in Boston by 1915 and retired as head of the Boston Mafia in 1932.
Vizzini’s stature as an all powerful Mafia boss rose to mythical proportions, but more recently historians have moderated his magnitude.
On October 10, 2013, Kilpatrick was sentenced to 28 years in federal prison.
Born in Suffolk, she worked as a servant in various houses before being convicted of stealing a horse and later escaping from Ipswich Gaol.
He is also one of the founder members of the outfit.
A total of 30 different crime scenes were investigated.
Denyer is known as the "Frankston Killer" as her crimes occurred in Frankston and neighbouring suburbs.
Jones as both men were portrayed as composite character "C.W.
On September 9, 1935, Bo Weinberg left a Midtown Manhattan nightclub and was never seen again.
She married and returned to the Menominee Indian Reservation, where she was born, for a quieter life in her later decades.
His defense lawyer did not cross-examine any witnesses.
The spamming was designed to promote the visibility and sale of products offered by various companies.
During the 1993 investigation, Homolka stated to investigators that Bernardo had abused her and that she had been an unwilling accomplice to the murders.
Guay, along with two accomplices, were convicted and sentenced to death, and he was executed in 1951.
As the result of a plea bargain, he pleaded guilty to securities and reporting violations but not to racketeering or insider trading.
Antonio Rocco Caponigro, also known as Tony Bananas, was the consigliere of Angelo Bruno in the Philadelphia crime family.
The list of planned victims also included his girlfriend's parents and the parents of his ex-wife.
On 17 October 2014, the jury in the first-degree murder trial of Luka Magnotta heard that Homolka is living in Quebec.
The Lindbergh kidnapping became known as "The Crime of the Century".
In February 1997, he pleaded guilty to conspiring and attempting to commit espionage in exchange for a reduced prison sentence.
There was no written record of his confession apart from notes provided by an investigating deputy, and no transcript was recorded of the brief trial.
In retaliation, Mexican Rurales are reported to have ambushed and killed him and a crew of Cowboys in the Guadalupe Canyon Massacre.
The state medical board, however, never flagged the real Dr. Barnes' file.
According to Slater, she was raped during her imprisonment.
The Ohio Public Defender, who had mandatorily represented Berry in his direct appeal, claimed that he was not mentally competent to make such a decision.
While monitoring Marnissi, the police intercepted several emails exchanged directly with French jihadists currently fighting in Syria.
Lloyd R. Woodson is an American man whose arrest in central New Jersey on January 25, 2010 received national attention in the United States.
The tribunal in passing the sentence said that Etchecolatz's crimes were "crimes against humanity in the context of the genocide that took place in Argentina".
Kennedy also mentioned that another NHL player had endured the same abuse, but refused to name him.
The case went to a second trial, which ended within days in a mistrial.
His sentence was commuted to 10 years and from 1952 - 1963 he served as the chief physician at the Hospital of Buxtehude.
The laboratory had been stored near a renovated Atlas-E missile silo near Wamego, Kansas but the two men had never actually produced LSD there.
Her earliest release date is in February 2026.
Pennell was the first condemned man to argue his own case before the Delaware Supreme Court, arguing to affirm his own death sentence.
Jacques Mesrine was a French criminal responsible for numerous murders, bank robberies, burglaries, and kidnappings in France and Canada.
He, like the rest of the gang, was tracked down by the FBI during early 1935.
Michael Benneman Sams is an English kidnapper, extortionist and murderer.
Shockley, a black male, was executed in Maryland in a gas chamber for the murder of shopkeeper Sarah Hearne on January 16, 1958.
Keep good company, and mind the word of God.
They were on the run for most of the night, just slipping away from the law.
A longtime Oklahoma bandit, he was the boyfriend of Edna Murray and an associate of both the John Dillinger and Alvin Karpis-Barker gangs during the 1930s.
In 1992, Prisco ordered the murder of Genovese family associate Angelo Sanguiolo.
Fellow Rothstein associates Charles Luciano and Meyer Lansky provided authorities with evidence that led to his imprisonment for ten years.
Draper and Adamcik are among the inmates whose sentences will be reviewed by state courts under this ruling.
Nieves Díaz was convicted for shooting and killing the manager of a strip club in 1979.
Edward Eagar was a lawyer, merchant and criminal.
He is also a former WKA Kickboxing champion.
Among poor Florida "crackers", he was considered a folk hero who represented a symbol of resistance to bankers, lawmen and wealthy landowners.
In each case, she inherited the victim's possessions.
Nearly one million people signed petitions urging the Georgia Board of Pardons and Paroles to grant clemency.
His crimes also included bootlegging and armed robbery.
Arabinda Rajkhowa, alias Mijanur Rahman Choudhury, is the Chairman of the banned group ULFA.
The story of Henri Young is also the subject of the song "Behind the Eyes of Henri Young" by Australian country singer Kasey Chambers.
While this swindle predated Ponzi by several years, it became so identified with him that it now bears his name.
He moved to New York City in 1973, where he started distributing marijuana and cocaine, eventually expanding his network nationwide.
John Charles Gilkey is a prolific book and document thief who has stolen approximately US$200,000 worth of rare books and manuscripts.
His murder occurred one week after the funeral of fellow Melbourne underworld criminal and suspected hitman Andrew Veniamin.
In the drama series Underbelly: The Golden Mile he was portrayed by actor Ryan Corr.
William "Billy the Killer" Miller was an American bank robber and Depression-era outlaw.
Hassan Diab is a former sociology professor at the University of Ottawa and Carleton University in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
He was also responsible for the arrest of Jews in Italy, and their deportation to Auschwitz concentration camp.
Aref wrote a memoir, Son of Mountains: My Life as a Kurd and a Terror Suspect.
Patrick Wayne Kearney is an American serial killer who preyed on young men in California during the 1970s.
Born in Edmonton, Alberta, Twitchell was an aspiring filmmaker who dreamed of making blockbuster movies.
He built half Bardonecchia entrepreneur during the years of the building boom.
The murder unfolded with the help of her son and daughter, George and Mary Druse, and nephew Frank Gates.
Abbott has been imprisoned in Woodford Correctional Centre and Arthur Gorrie Correctional Centre, and held in both mainstream and Supermax conditions.
Edward "Neddie" Herbert was an American criminal active in the 1940s.
On October 19, 2005, Antico pleaded guilty to lesser extortion charges.
For the DC Comics character, see List of minor DC Comics characters.
He made it clear that he never wished to be released, and repeatedly asked to be allowed to die.
William George Heirens was a convicted American serial killer who confessed to three murders in 1946.
For years he evaded arrest by planting a fake blood sample inside his own body to confound DNA tests.
In 1999, Topalian was charged by the United States government with conspiracy acts, possession and storage of weapons and explosives.
Bramblett was executed by electric chair in 2003.
Some of the victims were as young as three months old.
He targeted homeless people, women and homosexuals in Goiás.
He died in prison in March 2014, aged 84, after serving 45 years, by which time he was one of Britain's longest-serving prisoners.
Much of the time he was hidden by sympathetic supporters in the Scotstown community.
The Arkansas Parole Board unanimously moved to release him in 2000.
After Walker's arrest, Caspar Weinberger, President Ronald Reagan's Secretary of Defense, concluded that the Soviet Union made significant gains in naval warfare attributable to Walker's spying.
In 1987, as part of a plea agreement, Pollard pleaded guilty to spying for and providing top-secret classified information to Israel.
Theodore "Ted" Cole and Ralph Roe took part in the second documented escape attempt from Alcatraz, in 1937.
Johannes Mashiane AKA The Beast of Atteridgeville is a South African rapist and serial killer who accounted for 13 victims before committing suicide in 1989.
He is currently serving several life sentences.
He was executed by firing squad for a sextuple murder.
Lastennet was arrested on January 12, 1994 and admitted his guilt to police.
He was christened Ottavio Sabini, but frequently called himself Charles or Fred, actually the name of one of his brothers.
Nevertheless, infomercials starring Trudeau and promoting his books—under the auspices of a private California corporation of undisclosed ownership—continue to air regularly on US television stations.
He is currently serving a sentence of life in prison without parole.
The three were held at Mahoning County Juvenile Justice Center.
Prospero Gallinari, also known as "Gallo", was an Italian terrorist, a member of the Red Brigades in the 1970s and 1980s.
Buell died by lethal injection on September 24, 2002.
During his initial stay at the hospital, two members of the US Government interviewed him.
He was sentenced to life in prison for violations of the Espionage Act.
Jaber Ebdali is an Iranian businessman and white-collar criminal.
The cartel was much more inclined toward bribery rather than violence.
John Angelo Spano Jr. is an American businessman and admitted fraudster.
During her incarceration, Kosilek has repeatedly sued the Massachusetts Department of Correction, seeking medical treatment for her gender dysphoria.
Belkacem allegedly helped Redouan al-Issar, spiritual leader of the Hofstad Network, flee the Netherlands on the day of the murder of Theo van Gogh.
Herbert Allen "Deafy" Farmer was an American criminal who, with his wife Esther, operated a safe house for underworld fugitives from the mid-1920s to 1933.
In January 2015, it became known that he had changed his name from Magnus Gäfgen to Thomas David Lukas Olsen.
He also made headlines when he challenged the police to arrest him.
Since his release from prison, Milken has funded medical research.
The case was sensational, and covered heavily by news media, especially in the Kansas–Missouri area, where the crimes occurred.
In keeping with his charismatic image, he was rarely without a glamorous female companion.
Henri Parot is a member of the Basque separatist group ETA.
Pathmanathan is on Interpol's most wanted list for various charges including arms smuggling and criminal conspiracy.
Although he served as the leader of an organization that claims to represent Bodo people, Songbijit is not a Bodo himself.
On January 31, 1969, 20-year-old nursing student Gail Miller was found raped and murdered in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, in the neighbourhood where Miller lived.
From 1981 through 1985, she managed the Rajneeshpuram ashram in Wasco County, Oregon.
Saul's violent raids would often see the crew murdered and the ship scuttled after stealing its cargo.
Prosecutors have called Turner "one of the most prolific serial killers in the city’s history".
Ramón Bojórquez Salcido is a convicted Mexican-American mass murderer and as of 2017 is on death row in California's San Quentin State Prison.
Born to a father who was a career criminal, Reid converted to Islam as a young man in prison after years as a petty criminal.
Guglielmo Libri Carucci dalla Sommaja, Italian mathematician
He was 19 years old at the time of arrest, and living with his family in 10 Stonehill Court in Toronto.
In May 2012, she was granted a five-year sentence reduction.
Journalist Martin Flanagan wrote: "What makes Ned a legend is not that everyone sees him the same—it's that everyone sees him.
He was also the first person to be legally hanged in Parke County, Indiana, after murdering his neighbor, George Mickelberry, over a dispute.
He remained in the post for the hundred days of the genocide until July 19, 1994.
Melvin Davis Rees was an American serial killer who committed five murders in Virginia and Maryland between 1957 and 1959.
On May 30, 1996, she was sentenced to two concurrent forty-year prison sentences.
Dorothea Helen Puente was a convicted American serial killer.
John Anthony Walker, Jr. was a United States Navy Chief Warrant Officer and communications specialist convicted of spying for the Soviet Union from 1968 to 1985.
Fourteen-year-old Michael Carneal opened fire on a group of praying students, killing three and injuring five more.
The 2005 Glendale train crash is the second-deadliest incident in the history of Metrolink, the commuter railroad in the Los Angeles, California area.
Maya Surendrakumar Kodnani is an Indian gynecologist and a former Minister of State for Women and Child Development in the Government of Gujarat.
Hiroaki Hidaka was a Japanese serial killer.
Other sources claim Laura Bullion was born in Kentucky in 1873.
He was reportedly given the "Boston" moniker by miners who felt he had a lighter complexion than the other warriors.
Assistant Police Commissioner John Lee said that this was "an exceptional case".
At the time of the theft, he had emptied his flat and bank account.
He was convicted in July 1999 of murdering an 8-year-old neighbor, Maddie Clifton, in November 1998, when he was 14 years old.
Lonardo had help by Joseph Porrello to help his criminal empire in New York.
Corral in the boomtown of Tombstone, Arizona Territory.
He committed suicide before being captured by police.
During his wife's vacation in 1951, Opdam had an affair with the couple's maid, Nellie.
Gennady Modestovich Mikhasevich was a Soviet serial killer.
At the time of the murders, Travis was a waiter and on parole for a robbery in 1989.
The movie Last Day of Freedom, nominated for an Oscar in 2016, depicts his brother's narrative of the events that led to Babbitt's execution.
His life story was portrayed in the biopic Blow, starring Johnny Depp.
The charges were subsequently dropped but in 2004 Gordon was arrested again and found guilty of his wife's murder.
Pat Crowe, also known as Frank Roberts, was an American criminal who was implicated in the 1900 kidnapping of Edward Cudahy, Jr. in Omaha, Nebraska.
He is currently serving in Barwon Prison, Lara, Victoria, Australia.
A URA non-member who was present during the purge was also killed.
Manuel Delgado Villegas, also known as El Arropiero, was a Spanish serial killer active between 1964 and 1971.
Adolfo de Jesús Constanzo was an Cuban-American serial killer, drug dealer, and cult leader of an infamous gang dubbed by the media as The Narcosatanists.
Two of his alleged co-conspirators, Marjorie Diehl-Armstrong and Kenneth Barnes, were indicted by a federal grand jury on charges of bank robbery, conspiracy, and weapons charges.
In July 2007, September 2008, and October 2008, execution dates were scheduled, but each execution was stayed shortly before it was to take place.
Ernst August Wagner was a German mass murderer who, on 4 September 1913 killed his wife and four children in Degerloch.
The bodies of Agnes, Maud, Hugh and Winnie were found in the house.
He has become a fiction author, having written 15 books.
In his final statement, he said, "A life for a life, let it be done and justice will be served."
Police are seeking to utilise new legislation that allows them to compel convicted prisoners to provide a blood sample for DNA testing.
Oswald Ludwig Pohl  listen was a Nazi official and member of the SS.
In October 2012, he was re-sentenced to 37 years' imprisonment.
The Werewolf of Dole, Gilles Garnier was a reclusive hermit living outside the town of Dole in the Franche-Comté Province in France.
Keli Lane, a former Australian water polo player, was convicted of the 1996 murder of her newborn baby Tegan, and three counts of lying under oath.
During World War II, Schoeter worked as a courier for the Belgian Resistance, thus beginning his clandestine career.
In August 2008, he was presented with the Long Service and Good Conduct Medal by the Commissioner, Sir Ian Blair.
He pleaded guilty to armed robbery charges.
On December 1, 2009, the U.S. Supreme Court refused to hear Gary's latest appeal, clearing the way for an execution date to be set.
He continued committing burglary and armed robbery throughout the 1920s until his eventual arrest in 1934 after a robbery in New York.
He died in October 2011 while serving a six-year jail term.
On December 16, following an investigation, Federal Bureau of Investigation director James B. Comey said that the shootings were "motivated by foreign terrorist organization propaganda."
He was the boss of the Acquasanta mandamento in Palermo and was a member of the first Sicilian Mafia Commission.
Distilling this consensus, Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz wrote that the Rosenbergs were "guilty – and framed."
Seda was formally charged in the case on June 21, 1996, convicted in 1998, and sentenced to 232 years imprisonment.
His drug gang operated in New Jersey from 1970s to the late 1980s.
Traynor was one of the contacts in the criminal world for murdered Irish journalist Veronica Guerin.
Carel Johannes Delport is a South African mass murderer who killed nine people and wounded 19 others in the Ladysmith, KwaZulu-Natal area on January 20, 1992.
He killed two, while one of his accomplices fatally shot the third.
During the ordeal, Murphy kidnapped the woman and locked her in the boot of his car.
Barnes was executed on March 1, 2000.
Ali Kaya is a Turkish serial killer.
He was sentenced to death on 25 November the same year and executed about a month later.
He is serving his sentence at Red Onion State Prison in Pound, Virginia.
Heywood was shot through the head with a .22-calibre Mossberg self-loading rifle and Madill was raped and then bludgeoned to death.
Roy William Whiting is an English convicted child killer, from West Sussex.
Fowler believed that women he came into contact with who were hitchhiking and hanging out in bars wanted to be sexually assaulted.
Gassy was originally sentenced to life imprisonment for the murder.
The investigation included more than ninety suspicious deaths.
Thor Nis Christiansen was a Danish-American serial killer from Solvang, California.
Laura Jane Whitehorn was born in April 1945 to Lenore and Nathaniel Whitehorn of Brooklyn, New York.
Woodson was armed with a semi-automatic rifle and was wearing a ballistic vest at the time of his arrest.
During his term of service, an agreement was reached on the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Innovation Circle to develop both cities into a metropolis.
His prosecution grew out of investigations of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing.
Williams was the second inmate in California to be executed in 2005.
Mitchell was held in the Salt Lake County Jail following his sentencing on May 25, 2011.
However, these charges were later dropped on a federal appeal.
Vargas became one of the richest drug lords in Colombia, as well as one of the most wanted by police.
She was not convicted of killing the baby.
Van Tuong Nguyen baptised Caleb, was an Australian from Melbourne, Victoria convicted of drug trafficking in Singapore.
Dennis Lynn Rader is an American serial killer who murdered ten people in Sedgwick County, Kansas between 1974 and 1991.
Later movies, such as Compulsion—adapted from Meyer Levin's 1957 novel—and Swoon, were also based on the crime.
His wife maintains that he was not connected to all the attacks, but insinuates that he had arranged attacks against Saudi Arabia, provoking their anger.
There have been repeated claims that Khan had close ties with the Guyanese government.
For the basketball player see Ray Allen
She was sentenced to death in October 1999.
Following a retrial in 2010, he was sentenced to 15 years imprisonment.
Ostreicher maintained his innocence and stated that the allegations by the Bolivian government were "the scam of the century".
There he studied medicine and married Arnolda van Eyl, a teacher's daughter.
In June and July, two of Angelo's brothers were killed, while the other three brothers fled.
Myuran Sukumaran was an Australian who was convicted in Indonesia of drug trafficking as a member of the Bali Nine.
Volkert van der Graaf is a Dutch convicted murderer who assassinated politician Pim Fortuyn, the leader of the Pim Fortuyn List, on 6 May 2002.
Marnissi confirmed that his intended targets were "one or more naval bases in Toulon", home to most of France's naval force.
In 1751, she poisoned her father, Francis Blandy, with arsenic.
In 2005, Norman was arrested in a room at the Melasti Hotel in Kuta together with three others.
The Lord Chief Justice said that 'the guilty verdict was fully justified' and that the conviction 'was and remains safe'.
This route is a section of the Trans-Canada Yellowhead Highway, also known as the "Park-to-Park Highway", which spans across British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba.
Daniel Lee Siebert was an American serial killer on Alabama's death row.
On April 15, 1994, an international warrant was issued against him, to be arrested for extradition.
He was convicted of conspiracy for his involvement in the assassination of Abraham Lincoln but was pardoned by President Andrew Johnson in March 1869.
He specialized in piracy-for-order, where a client would choose a ship and the Changco Gang would seize it, transfer the cargo, and then sell the ship.
Arousing both sympathy and violent indignation, he has been named one of Norway's most notorious criminals.
He was often referred to by the nom de guerre Marwan.
He was released from prison on January 15, 2011.
He found a nearby farmhouse, where a family of six--a mother, grandparents and two children--lived; the father and eldest son had been conscripted into the army.
The police allege that several occurrences also have not been reported.
He is also a former multi-millionaire pig farmer and serial killer convicted in 2007 of the second-degree murders of six women.
Susan Leigh Vaughan-Smith is an American convict who was sentenced to life in prison for filicide.
Jung was released from prison on June 2, 2014, after serving nearly 20 years for drug-smuggling.
William Dathan Holbert, also known as Wild Bill, is a self-confessed murderer from Hendersonville, North Carolina.
One of her victims was her second husband, Michael Gilligan; the others were residents of her nursing home.
In 2006, Prisco was charged with extorting an electrician to not bid for job so that a mob-related electrical company could win the business.
Marcum remains missing and is presumed dead, while the other three bodies were recovered in remote Colorado and Utah locations.
In 1933, Schultz was indicted for tax evasion.
While there, Goozee began a hunger strike and refused all food and medication.
Gosnell owned and operated the Women's Medical Society clinic in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and he was a prolific prescriber of OxyContin.
She was briefly married to a fellow activist, taking on his surname, Chesimard.
Ondrej Rigo remains the Slovak murderer with the highest number of victims and he is also the most prolific serial killer in modern Slovak history.
Koljonen was the last Finn to be executed for a civilian crime in Finland.
Sylvia Wynanda Seegrist is an American woman who on October 30, 1985, opened fire at a Springfield, Pennsylvania shopping mall.
Slatkin had been an ordained Scientology minister since 1975.
Vera Renczi, of Romania or Hungary, reportedly confessed to poisoning 35 individuals—including her two husbands, multiple lovers, and her son—with arsenic during the 1920s.
It is estimated that her victims numbered between 85 and 169, however the general estimate is 103.
Author and investigative reporter Ethan Brown has revealed how police investigations have been plagued by missteps in the sheriff's office, contributing to lost or missing evidence.
He killed six and wounded nineteen before being stopped by three of the passengers: Kevin Blum, Mark McEntee, and Mike O'Connor.
In a series of appeals, defense attorneys presented mitigating evidence of the troubled upbringing of Gardner, who had spent nearly his entire adult life in incarceration.
Ashot Gevorkovich Egiazaryan, born July 24, 1965 in Moscow, Russia is fugitive from justice, former Russian politician, and businessman.
[1] He was at one point a suspect in the case of missing Beaumaris girl Eloise Worledge.
The girl, now a woman, testified against Montes during a trial in 2005.
An occasional tutor and Catholic zealot, he murdered King Henry IV of France in 1610.
She was also described as having small facial deformities.
He lived in a bush camp in the Killanbutta State Forest in New South Wales, 'off the grid' without a telephone or electricity.
Wilburn was forced to lay down in Wright's home and was then shot in the back of the head, for no apparent reason.
Her foster daughter, Alloma Gilbert, published Deliver Me From Evil.
Patrick David Mackay is a British serial killer who confessed to murdering 11 people in London and Kent in England, from 1974-1975.
He was initially sentenced to life imprisonment, but upon appeal of his conviction, his sentenced was reduced to 30 years.
She was rescued and later adopted by a family in Missouri.
Annie Dookhan is a former chemist of a Massachusetts crime lab who admitted to falsifying evidence, affecting up to 34,000 cases.
On December 11, 2014, she was released on bond pending sentencing.
Their weapon of choice was the AK-47 assault rifle, which they acquired from black markets hosted by triads.
Minerva married Jonas W. Williams 2 years after her parents death.
Ibrahim was arrested by Bristol police on suspicion of terrorism, and on 17 July 2009 convicted of preparing terrorist acts.
He moved frequently in his early life from Missouri to California and to Arizona.
He also had ties with the families of the 'Ndrangheta in Canada.
Born to a prominent family, Suárez entered the drug trade and made millions from cocaine in the 1970s and 1980s.
When Wells' mother could not locate her daughter, she alerted police, who discovered the murders.
He was hanged for the murder of a police officer after a burglary in Bath, Maine.
In 2013, facing further prosecution for violations of the 2011 agreement and non-payment of the $37-million judgment, Trudeau filed for bankruptcy protection.
In 1998 he fled to Thailand on a false passport, aware that police were on his tail following new allegations.
Randall has been variously described as a "serial killer", despite only having two convictions for murder, and as a "notorious criminal".
Taken into custody with little incident, Johnson was convicted at his trial for a third and final time.
He's universally known with the surname Liggio, a result of a misspelling in court documents in the 1960s.
New York State Judge Goff sentenced Davidson to 20 years in prison after he pleaded guilty to second degree murder.
In 1989, he was convicted of murdering several of his patients and sentenced to 50-years-to-life in prison.
It is presumed that the killings occurred between October 1978 and the 1980s, but they may have continued until 1992.
Antone Charles "Tony" Costa was a Cape Cod, Massachusetts carpenter who achieved notoriety for committing serial murders in and around the town of Truro in 1969.
He was the archetype of the paternalistic "man of honour" of a rural Mafia that disappeared in the 1960s and 1970s.
He was given a sentence of life in prison.
Three other Afghan men, Ziaulhaq, Bashir Ahmad, and Kiomars Mohammad Rafi were being held as material witnesses.
A provisional arrest warrant was issued and was sent to the U.S. Embassy in Bogota.
John Reginald Halliday Christie, known to his family and friends as Reg Christie, was an English serial killer active during the 1940s and early 1950s.
He had been a repeat juvenile offender since the age of 14.
Turner died in prison on August 30, 2010.
She was sentenced to life in prison with the possibility of parole after 40 years.
Bolivian officials were later arrested for what authorities state was an extortion ring.
DuMond had six children and three wives.
Simon Peter Nelson was an American man who was convicted of murdering his six children, aged 13, 11, 8, 7, 5, and 3.
Hüseyin Baybaşin is a Turkish drug trafficker of Kurdish-Turkish origin.
In 1887 he moved to London, where he married Ellen Elliot, who was probably a prostitute.
They are also known for being the last men to be executed in Chile.
Released on bail, Murtaza successfully contested elections to the Sindh Provincial Assembly, becoming a vocal critic of Benazir and her husband Asif Ali Zardari.
He is considered a pioneer in the growing resort town of Atlantic City, New Jersey in the late 1880s and early 1900s.
The backpacker murders were a spate of serial killings that took place in New South Wales, Australia, between 1989 and 1993, committed by Ivan Milat.
However, when the defense's own investigators verified the strength of forensic evidence against Green, she agreed to an Alford plea to all charges.
An autopsy later revealed that she died from a gunshot wound of the chest.
He was sentenced to five years' imprisonment, but released after 10 months as he was believed to be suffering from Alzheimer's disease, which is incurable.
Gary Charles Evans was a confessed serial killer in and around the Capital District of Upstate New York.
Kobayashi was tried and convicted of his crimes.
Young "jumped parole" in 1972 after release from Walla Walla, with his stated whereabouts reported as "unknown".
Since his release from prison, Kimberlin has co-founded the non-profit Justice Through Music Project and the activist organization Velvet Revolution.
He was captured and detained at Qala-i-Jangi fortress, used as a prison.
He left the party and became a radio reporter, eventually becoming president of the Philadelphia Association of Black Journalists.
Proksch was the first husband of the actress Daphne Wagner, daughter of Wieland Wagner, great-granddaughter of the composer Richard Wagner and great-great-granddaughter of Franz Liszt.
Antonio Pelle, also known as Ntoni Gambazza, was a historically significant and charismatic 'Ndrangheta boss from San Luca in Calabria.
In 2001 he was sentenced to 28 years in prison for the trafficking of commercial quantities of cannabis resin.
He had run-ins with law enforcement as early as age 10, and was first placed into juvenile detention at age 13 for stealing a car.
Powell severely injured Seward, and Herold fled before Powell could exit the Seward home.
In November, 2013, he was arrested and charged with kidnapping and attempted murder in South Africa.
Lowell Edwin Amos is a former Detroit businessman whose mother and three wives all died under suspicious circumstances.
Weise struggled in school due to frequent relocations, bullying, disruptions in his personal life and truancy.
Duma is a violent psychopath who partook of theft, kidnapping, torture, rape and murder.
He was given a new identity, in 1994, when he was granted parole.
He also injured nine people during the incident.
Utoh was detained in Teluk Anson, where he was identified by his wife, and charged with the murder of Herbert Marston on October 13.
He was accused of murdering three law enforcement officers.
In 2005 he became a Canadian citizen.
Leonard was 17 years of age at the time of his execution making him the last instance of a juvenile being executed in America.
Marquette was a serial killer who killed three women, drained their blood, mutilated and dismembered their bodies and scattered their remains.
Ignatius "Frank Pius" Lanzetta was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1903.
He survived a murder attempt in 1979, was married twice, and died in 1990 of asthma.
Marnissi was indicted on 2 November for criminal association with a terrorist enterprise and imprisoned.
Castor Gonçalves de Andrade e Silva was a well-known bicheiro in Rio de Janeiro.
Bell forced Smith to write a "Last Will and Testament" before he murdered her and taunted her family by telephone.
That evening, officers proceeded to search Zuern's cell, among others.
He was leader of the Republican organization that controlled Atlantic City during the early 1900s.
Foster has described himself as an "international man of mischief".
At trial, Barton admitted to the murder and told the jury that he deserved to die.
Parsons, who called himself the "Rainbow Warrior", pleaded guilty to the murder.
He is considered to be one of the more powerful bosses of Palermo.
Harold Eugene "Eddie" Green was an American bank robber and Depression-era outlaw during the 1930s, best known as a member of the John Dillinger gang.
In April 1984, Attanasio participated in the murder of Bonanno soldier Cesare Bonventre.
He was also wanted on additional charges including murder, assault and rape.
Sir Henry Morgan was a Welsh privateer, landowner and, later, Lieutenant Governor of Jamaica.
On February 13, 2015, federal Judge Gershwin A.
Jay D. Scott was executed by the U.S. state of Ohio for the 1983 murder of a delicatessen owner in Cleveland.
He was active in Port Elizabeth, on the east coast of South Africa.
On March 29, 2017, Peterson was reportedly attacked by another inmate with a food tray in the dining area and separated from general population afterwards.
His last words were: "I forgive all of you."
On 6 May 2010, the same trial court sentenced him to death on four counts and to a life sentence on five counts.
According to a contemporary newspaper account, his execution was allegedly botched — instead of breaking his neck instantly, he was slowly strangled to death.
Cooper had a history of crime, including 30 robberies and violent assault.
From 1959 to 1963, he terrorised the city of Perth, Western Australia, by committing 22 violent crimes, eight of which resulted in deaths.
The two rapes and murders were proved to be the work of one person by matching semen samples taken from the two crime scenes.
He has been incarcerated continuously since 1977 and has been convicted of four separate murders while imprisoned, one of which was overturned.
The 2½ mile journey along Tyburn Road would have taken up to three hours.
Keith Russell Judd is an American perennial candidate for political office.
The altercation escalated when Christian and Belote ran for two broom handles Belote used to prop up her bedroom windows.
A memorial plaque for Parker is located in the Netherton area of Peterborough where a football match is played each year in his memory.
Police began a massive manhunt against Setola in response to the murders of six West African immigrants in Castel Volturno.
Downs briefly escaped in 1987 and was recaptured.
Following a change of county boundary, his body was disinterred and reburied.
Historians have pointed out that the trial and execution may have been hastened by anti-Loyalist sentiment.
José Luis Calva Zepeda was a Mexican writer and serial killer.
He was found to be unfit to plead and committed to Broadmoor Hospital; during a brief escape in 1952, he killed again.
An employee of the hotel in which the shooting occurred, responding to the sound of gunshots, was also wounded but survived.
Donald Leroy Evans was an American serial killer who murdered at least three people from 1985 to 1991.
During his incarceration in Yemen, his whereabouts have been in question.
Coverage of Sandifer's death and retrospectives on his short, violent life were widely published in the American media.
Sandifer's murder by fellow gang members in Chicago garnered national attention,  resulting in him appearing on the cover of TIME magazine in September 1994.
Both survived their injuries, but Flynt was left permanently paralyzed from the waist down.
Daniele Emanuello was the head of the Sicilian Mafia in port city of Gela, Sicily.
After the body was recovered, it took forensic technicians three months to identify it.
Jones was given the nickname Mr Baldy for shaving his victims' hair and dressing them in female clothing during the attacks.
He confessed to the killings, which he claimed prevented earthquakes.
These fingerprints connected the Shepparton murders with one fingerprint found at the Donvale crime scene.
After that 15-month tour, he was transferred to National Security Agency, where he continued as a civilian employee upon discharge.
Yusuf Rahim, formerly known as Levi Bellfield, is an English serial killer.
The Ohio Parole Board recommended that Governor Bob Taft not give clemency in this case, which he withheld on October 24.
As in the federal trial, the state jury deadlocked on imposing the death penalty.
He went on a drug-fuelled stabbing spree, attacking the elderly and infirm, writing about his experiences in letters to himself as Zippy, his past nickname.
After the Supreme Court decision set aside Miranda's initial conviction, the state of Arizona retried him.
Choudhry is the first al-Qaeda sympathiser to attempt an assassination in Britain.
Mahmoud Reza Khavari is an Iranian former banker who was involved in the 2011 Iranian embezzlement scandal.
Milken was indicted for racketeering and securities fraud in 1989 in an insider trading investigation.
Final appeals to the United States Supreme Court challenged the process of lethal injection as cruel and unusual punishment.
Returning to Quebec Georges Schoeters, Raymond Villeneuve, and Gabriel Hudon formed the FLQ.
Investigation into the shootings showed that Ordoñez was shot with the same weapon that killed Patricia Jones.
The killer became known in the media as "the San Mateo slasher."
Frans Otto Eriksson, also known as Svarta Hästen, was a Swedish baker and a convicted thief and murderer.
Bernard "Bernie" Silver was an English criminal, who was a leading crime boss in the London underworld of the 1950s to 1970s.
After the arrest of the Gravianos in January 1994, he apparently succeeded them as the regent of the Mafia family.
On appeal, the jail sentence was increased to seven months.
Jozef Slovák is a Slovak serial killer who murdered at least five women in Slovakia and Czech Republic from 1978 to 1991.
Once released and off of probation he continued murdering.
Mark Anthony "Gator" Rogowski was a prominent professional skateboarder in the 1980s and very early 1990s.
Anthony John Hardy is an English serial killer who is known as the Camden Ripper for dismembering some of his victims.
Gary Lee Davis was a convicted murderer and rapist who was executed by the U.S. state of Colorado in 1997.
On August 28, 2008, Wilkinson was sentenced to life imprisonment, with the minimum eligibility for parole set for 11 years time.
In 1978 Walter Douglas Crawley killed the mother of Thompson's eldest son.
Also known as 'u capra Giorgi belongs to the Pelle-Romeo-Vottari clan from San Luca and is the son-in-law of the boss Sebastiano Romeo.
Robert Ben Rhoades, also known as The Truck Stop Killer, is an American serial killer and rapist.
Moat, who had recently been released from Durham Prison, shot the three with a sawn-off shotgun, two days after his release.
Laren was a cheerleader and excellent student at Hernando High School; she had an IQ of 140.
In 2011 he was arrested by Spanish police.
He was arrested a second time by Mexican authorities in Mexico on 22 February 2014.
He was consequently sentenced to four concurrent life sentences and a consecutive life sentence to be served in an Iowa State Prison.
The trio fled first to Argentina and then to Bolivia, where Parker and Longabaugh were reportedly killed in a shootout in November 1908.
Cahill generated a certain notoriety in the media, which referred to him by the sobriquet "The General".
Elisha Small was an American sailor who was sailing with the rank of Seaman.
She did not tell people why she moved to Lyons.
Angelo "Bloody Angelo" Genna was a Chicago bootlegger and organized crime leader during the Prohibition era.
Noordin was reported by the FBI to be "an explosives expert".
Pasquale Galasso is a former boss of the Galasso clan, a clan of the Camorra, the Neapolitan crime organization.
On 31 August 2005 Ashworth refused to appear before a hearing of the Ohio Parole Board, which recommended that he be executed.
He was released in 2007 and deported to Turkey.
As a result of increasing statements from victims, a police investigation, Operation Emotion, had opened up.
He also put forth the idea of the National Crime Syndicate in the 1930s and later became an unofficial adviser to the Genovese crime family.
The Cali Cartel was less violent than its rival, the Medellín Cartel.
Blake and other gang members were charged in a multiple killing in Miami, but he escaped apprehension by traveling to Jamaica.
Desmond "Dessie" Noonan was an English organised crime figure from Manchester, who acted as a political fixer for the Noonan crime family.
He died while in prison custody in 2005 at the United States Medical Center for Federal Prisoners.
He was buried in his native Wareham, Massachusetts, on May 10, 1999, with full military honors.
As she told to police, though she was an expert in mortar shelling, she was used to RPGs.
Then, as he drove home, he hit care worker Carol Jordan with his car and, fearing capture, beat her to death.
Anton had moved to Lyons in 1984, quickly settling into small town life.
However, when they attempted to sell three Assyrian reliefs using the same provenance as they had previously, suspicions were raised.
He said he synchronized his attacks with the Kouachi brothers.
After decades living as a fugitive he was captured, which provoked a series of indiscriminate bombings of art galleries and churches.
She is serving a life sentence in a California prison.
Bjarte Baasland is a former Norwegian businessman and convicted fraudster.
Murdoch is being held in Darwin Correctional Centre in Darwin, Northern Territory.
He is also wanted in 17 murder cases and several more attempted murders.
In 2011, Woodfield was the subject of a Lifetime television movie Hunt for the I-5 Killer.
Hıdır Aslan was arrested on February 26, 1980 in Izmir after a police chase and put in prison in Buca.
Stager is also suspected of the earlier murder of her first husband, Larry Ford, who died in nearly identical circumstances.
The nickname was given due to the perpetrator's habit of sketching his victims prior to their sexual encounters and murders by stabbing.
Sigifredo Nájera Talamantes, commonly referred to by his alias El Canicón, was a Mexican drug lord and high-ranking leader of Los Zetas.
A little over three year after his reentering the Alcatraz general prison population, Young murdered fellow escapee McCain; no apparent motive was ever disclosed.
Gomes da Rocha was arrested after being caught riding a motorbike with a fake plate.
He was thus the second most powerful man in Mexico, after Carlos Slim.
The two policemen managed to arrest Jackson despite Tynan's having been stabbed.
He reportedly ran his loansharking operation in the 1980s while in federal prison on his tax evasion conviction.
According to Victoria Police, this reward still stands for the person who tipped off the police on his whereabouts.
The problems with Newton's execution occurred one year after the 90 minute execution of fellow Ohio inmate, Joseph Lewis Clark.
Baruch S. Lanner is an American former Orthodox rabbi who was convicted of child sexual abuse.
Shirwa Ahmed was a 26-year-old Somali-American who is the second known American suicide bomber, surpassing Andrew Kehoe.
Vittorio Mangano was a member of the Sicilian Mafia or Cosa Nostra.
The child's body was wrapped in two plastic bags contained within a tartan suitcase.
Frank "The Owl" Banghart was an American criminal, burglar and prison escape artist.
The Moran family is an infamous Melbourne-based criminal family of Irish ancestry, notable for their involvement in the Melbourne gangland killings.
After killing two acquaintances, he barricaded himself with two women and ultimately committed suicide.
The autopsy also indicated that despite Bradford having engaged in intercourse before her death, the sex was not consensual.
He then drove to another house in San Miguel, where he took the owner hostage, before committing suicide the next morning.
His last words are famously reported to have been, "such is life".
She was sentenced to 14 years' imprisonment and ordered to pay £80,000 costs.
When he left her apartment, he remembered that he had forgotten his cigarettes and $2,500 worth of cocaine.
Six years after Taylor divorced her, Godman was arrested and convicted for participating in a scheme to blackmail a wealthy widower.
The US Animal Kingdom was based on the Australian film by the same name, albeit with the setting transposed to Southern California.
Mansour was arrested in 2006 along with his six accomplices, and subsequently sentenced to death.
The Earp posse unexpectedly encountered Curly Bill and other Cowboys on March 24, 1882, at Iron Springs.
Vitaly Borker is a Ukrainian-born resident of Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn.
He was convicted of the rape and murder of a fourteen-year-old girl and the murder of her seventeen-year-old boyfriend.
By all accounts, she murdered them because they were illegitimate.
Shortly before the murder, Hellekant and some of his friends created "death lists" of more than 1200 Swedish individuals they wanted dead.
Gigante quickly rose to power during the 1960s and 1970s.
The case received extensive media attention and was extremely controversial.
He died on June 10, 2015 at the Pacific Institution in Abbotsford, British Columbia.
Carr had provided Huntley with a false alibi and received a three-and-a-half year prison sentence for perverting the course of justice.
His daughter, Catherine, was the first European born and baptised in the new colony of Van Diemens Land.3
He was incarcerated on the Texas state death row for men, located in the Allan B. Polunsky Unit in West Livingston, Texas.
Jackson had threatened to go to the tabloids with her claim to be Cosby's illegitimate child unless Cosby paid her $40 million USD.
Montes told investigators that he had a miserable childhood.
On 10 May 2011, Rush's death sentence was reduced to life imprisonment on appeal to the Indonesian Supreme Court.
Polly's father, Marc Klaas, reacted by shouting, "Oh, burn in hell Davis!
A military junta was established, led by General Jorge Rafael Videla, after a coup d'état against President Isabel Perón.
Santacruz-Londoño and Rodríguez Orejuela brothers formed the Cali cartel in the 1970s.
He killed more people in Pennsylvania than any other single mass murderer.
William Francis Kemmler of Buffalo, New York, was a convicted murderer and the first person in the world to be legally executed using an electric chair.
Lynn Turner, born Julia Lynn Womack, was an American convicted murderer.
Gustavo Romero Tercero, also known as "The Valdepeñas Killer", is a Spanish armed robber and rapist.
Wo Weihan, a native of Qiqihar, Heilongjiang, was a Chinese scientist and entrepreneur of Daur nationality.
Sidyno undertook a murderous rampage starting November 1998 and culminating with his arrest on 6 January 1999.
She is serving two consecutive sentences of life without parole at the Central Mississippi Correctional Facility near Pearl, Mississippi.
Johann Friedrich Hohenberger OAM, also known as John Friedrich, was executive director of the National Safety Council of Australia during the 1980s.
In 2012, Malvo claimed that he was sexually abused by Muhammad.
He invested much of his earnings in real estate.
Kevin Ricks is a convicted sexual predator who targeted mostly high-school age boys from at least the late 1970s until his arrest in 2010.
On 21 May 2012 her sentence was reduced to death with a two-year reprieve, which was commuted to a life sentence in 2014.
He was sentenced to an additional six months in prison for escaping custody, to be served consecutively with his original 10-year sentence.
After Abdo applied for conscientious objector status in the spring of 2010 pending his deployment to Afghanistan, the Army approved his discharge.
McCroskey, 20 years old, was subsequently arrested, convicted of the murders and sentenced to life in prison.
Vladimir Anatolyevich Mukhankin is a Russian serial killer, convicted for the murder of 9 people in Rostov Oblast in 1995.
USNVA operations ceased and, after a two-year search, the leader, John Donald Cody, was arrested on 30 April 2012 by U.S.
The DoD classified the events as "workplace violence", pending prosecution of Hasan in a court-martial.
His motives for the thefts were personal: he saw an expansive library as a sign of being upper-class.
He reportedly met his execution stoically, asking only for tobacco.
The suit in turn prompted the U.S. government to perform a detailed investigation that fully exposed the forgeries Reavis had planted in a variety of locations.
It is true that the case against Ujaama has from the very beginning been very "complicated".
Morton Robert Berger is a former high school teacher from Phoenix, Arizona and a convicted child pornographer.
Morris was prosecuted for releasing the worm, and became the first person convicted under the then-new Computer Fraud and Abuse Act.
Most striking was the productivity surge in capital, as Milken...and others took the vast sums trapped in old-line businesses and put them back into the markets."
They had not planned to witness the execution.
The state convictions were all initially set aside because of misconduct by the presiding judge, who has since been disbarred.
After the two men were arrested, Loeb's family retained Clarence Darrow as counsel for their defense.
Robert Wayne Williams was convicted of the January 5, 1979 murder of Willie Kelly, a 67-year-old security guard.
He was sentenced to life imprisonment without parole and is incarcerated at Old Colony Correctional Center in Massachusetts.
He died in Jamaica on 25 August 1688.
She was then bound with rope, using complex knots, weighed down with rocks and lead pipes and thrown overboard from a boat on Coniston Water.
Jayant Mukundray Patel is an Indian-born American surgeon who was accused of gross negligence whilst working at Bundaberg Base Hospital in Queensland, Australia.
Robert Lee Vesco was a fugitive criminal United States financier.
Law enforcement considers Cali to be the Gambino "ambassador to Sicilian mobsters" and have linked him to the Inzerillo Mafia family from Palermo.
James Whitaker Wright was a company promoter and swindler, who committed suicide at the Royal Courts of Justice in London immediately following his conviction for fraud.
Thozamile Taki also known as the Sugarcane Killer is a South African serial killer who killed 13 women aged 18–25, dumping their bodies in agricultural plantations.
His friendship with crew members Samuel Cromwell and Elisha Small was cited as evidence.
He then held the receptionist and deputy sheriff hostage while demanding to see Jessica, Dominic and Broderick.
A siege lasted more than two weeks before Saudi Special Forces broke into the Mosque.
He was the boss of the Santa Maria di Gesù Family in Palermo.
He received training at Al-Farouq, a training camp associated with al-Qaeda, designated a terrorist organization by the United States and other countries.
Her trial and conviction were a major focus of attention for the Australian media.
He was sentenced in 2008 to serve a minimum of 30 years in prison.
Santos was captured by Military officials for being involved in organizing and planning terrorist activities, including preparation of bombs.
Cole attended two years of college followed by two years of service in the U.S. Army.
He killed one man and was found guilty of manslaughter.
Returning to England, he married a Quaker woman as his second wife.
He married Miss Colombia 1974, Marta Lucía Echeverry.
Although law enforcement and the public suspected foul play, she has never been found, and Peterson has not been charged in her case.
The Cheshire, Connecticut home invasion murders occurred on July 23, 2007.
After an accident in the wheelchair, he moved to a convalescent hospital in Cupertino, California, where he died in 1999.
The murder was committed during a string of robberies and burglaries and the day after the murder Babbitt committed at least one sexual assault.
In Jamaican patois it is used to mean wild, hot, or bad.
Doubts have since been raised about his conviction by, among others, retired Professor Vincent Marks, an expert on insulin poisoning.
They would then be restrained by either force or deception, and all were killed by either strangulation or shooting with a .22-caliber pistol.
In the early 20th century, he was responsible for the murder of four children, the attempted murder of another seven children, and seven counts of arson.
During the bank robbery, a Boston Police Department officer was shot and killed, with Bond and several accomplices captured following the robbery.
Between the age of 15 and 18, Dibra was charged with a number of petty offences, including possession of drugs.
The event was the most deadly shooting incident in the UK since the 1996 Dunblane school massacre, which left 18 people dead.
The Beauchamp–Sharp Tragedy inspired fictional works such as Edgar Allan Poe's unfinished play, Politian, and Robert Penn Warren's World Enough and Time.
Francesco Barbaro, also known as U'Castanu, is a boss of the 'Ndrangheta, a Mafia-type criminal organisation based in Calabria, Italy.
Puccio replaced Greco and Lucchese became his substitute.
With an estimated net worth of around $2 billion as of 2010, he is ranked by Forbes magazine as the 488th richest person in the world.
In an attempt to avert his conviction, Schultz asked the Commission for permission to kill Dewey, which they refused.
Nicknamed Pedrinho Matador and arrested in 1973, in 2003 he was convicted of murdering at least 71 people and sentenced to 128 years in prison.
He is best known for creating the Morris Worm in 1988, considered the first computer worm on the Internet.
However, the French government blocked his bid due to concerns about his background.
Per Anders Eklund is a Swedish murderer and rapist convicted of killing a 31-year-old woman in 2000 and a 10-year-old girl in 2008.
This time, he was convicted of murder and sentenced to death.
David Farnsworth was a Colonial-era American Loyalist.
The incident was also seen as a rise of Bihari sub-nationalism to counter the agitation against migrants from Uttar Pradesh and Bihar by MNS.
Dorsey was the first African-American to serve as sheriff of DeKalb County, and was married to Atlanta city councilwoman Sherry Dorsey.
Joseph "Joe" Miranda is an American mobster and member of the New Jersey-based DeCavalcante crime family.
He has been called America's first "Public enemy Number One"
Before Elisa could stand trial however, she hanged herself in her jail cell.
Luciano Leggio was an Italian criminal and leading figure of the Sicilian Mafia.
In March 1994, a subsequent operation managed to break Castor's stronghold.
As boss of the Alfieri clan, he was the undisputed head of the Camorra from 1984 until his arrest in 1992.
Lemuel Warren Smith, is an American convicted serial killer and rapist who was the first convict to kill an on-duty female corrections officer.
One police detective described Alcala as "a killing machine", and others have compared him with Ted Bundy.
He did not reply when asked if he had a last statement, staring straight at the ceiling, awaiting start of the lethal injection.
David Edgar Herold was an accomplice of John Wilkes Booth in the assassination of Abraham Lincoln on April 14, 1865.
John Walker entered into a plea bargain, agreeing to testify against Whitworth, apparently mainly in return for lenient treatment of his son.
Deronjić was serving his sentence in Sweden where he died, aged 52, from cancer, in a hospital.
The attacks were all made outdoors, involved physical violence and in some cases attempts to kill his victims.
Guglielmo Achille Cavellini, influential Italian art collector and mail artist
Jamiel Alexander Chagra was an American drug trafficker.
McNair traveled to Canada twice in order to evade capture, traveling across the country for over a year before being apprehended in a random police check.
Jason Walters or Jamal is a Dutch citizen who was sentenced to fifteen years in prison on Islamic terrorism charges.
Lakireddy Bali Reddy is a landlord, convicted felon, and chairman of the Lakireddy Balireddy College of Engineering.
He was arrested on 19 September 1987 and sentenced to life imprisonment on 22 January 1988, after admitting both murders.
He is alleged to be a member of the Sicilian Mafia, an allegation he denies.
Berry's accomplice, Lozar, was convicted of murder and was sentenced to a life term.
A police profiler labelled him a sociopath.
She later described Williams as the "heroine" of her childhood.
They both left the bar at different times on the night of September 26.
In May 1941 he attempted escape from one of the island's workshops along with Joe Cretzer, Arnold Kyle and Lloyd Barkdoll.
Oberg was pardoned and released on 28 November 1962.
Arnold Karl Sodeman12 December 1899 – 1 June 1936(1936-06-01)), also known as the School-girl Strangler, was a serial killer who targeted children.
Carrein was found guilty again and sentenced to death a second time.
During his execution, he was able to walk from his wheelchair to the death podium unassisted.
Teresa Wilson Bean Lewis was an American murderer who was the only woman on death row in Virginia prior to her execution.
On being arrested, Goode told the officers: "You can't do nothing to me.
The McLaury brothers repeatedly threatened the Earps because they interfered with the Cowboys' illegal activities.
The original version of the lament is alleged to have been written by MacPherson himself in prison on the eve of his execution.
In his own words: "I'm a nice guy, but sometimes I lose all my senses and become nasty.
The police investigators, searching for a fugitive motorcycle and not a truck, were unable to locate him.
Abraham Ruef, known as Abe Ruef, was an American lawyer and politician.
Bremer was found guilty and sentenced to 63 years in a Maryland prison for the shooting of Wallace and three bystanders.
The murders took place in Orange County California
The two counts of wire fraud stemmed from him sending two pieces of email had accidentally deleted the original mail.
Many of his fakes, including the Amarna Princess, Risley Park Lanx, and works by Barbara Hepworth and Thomas Moran, were displayed.
He wants to nail people in the head."
Along with Jean Brault and Charles Guité, Coffin is one of only a few people who were ultimately charged in connection with the sponsorship scandal.
In October 2008, SPIKE TV's revived "Unsolved Mysteries," hosted by Dennis Farina, featured Webb's case again and provided an update on his case.
Springfield is a suburb of Philadelphia, located about 10 miles west of the city.
When the outfit’s Commander-in-Chief Paresh Baruah was said to be critically ill, Raju Baruah was reportedly assumed to be the new military head.
The Guardian quoted Azam's brother who said, "He is innocent.
Apart from the shooter, all of the dead were members of the Sikh faith.
At the height of his criminal career Rodríguez was acknowledged as one of the world's most successful drug dealers.
Magaš was unofficially proclaimed as the godfather of Serbian organized crime at the time.
The family have been described by Scotland Yard as "possibly the most diverse forgery team in the world, ever".
Despite various amendments and legal challenges, the statutes have remained law in New York, and similar laws have been enacted in several other states.
He is the youngest person in the United States in the 20th-century to be sentenced to death and to be executed.
They committed ten murders and four rapes from August 5, 1980 to November 1, 1981, in the city of Viña del Mar.
He hails from the Chelaikhati village, which is located in the Biswanath Chariali sub-division of Sonitpur district, Assam.
Davidson utilized the services and assistance of other individuals whom he hired as "sub-contractors" to provide spamming at his direction on behalf of his client companies.
Theodore Wynn, Jr. then arrived at the house, looking for Madison and Howard.
Yoo Young-chul is a South Korean serial killer and self-confessed cannibal.
Police uncovered 334 g of heroin in a suitcase in the room.
He was subsequently sentenced to death by hanging, and executed in 2009.
His crime spree lasted nearly three months, ending in a two-hour shootout with the New York City Police Department in May 1931.
Booth was born at Hall End Farm near Beaudesert, Warwickshire in 1776, 1778 or 1779.
Joseph Charles Massino is an American former mobster.
Ray was convicted on his 41st birthday after entering a guilty plea to forgo a jury trial.
On March 19 of that year, her husband, James Kinne, was found shot in the head with the couple's two-year-old daughter playing nearby.
One victim is known to have survived Mashiane's attention.
Miller was referred to by the alias Deacon Jim by some because he regularly attended the Methodist Church and he did not smoke or drink.
His criminal base was his home town Gioia Tauro on the Tyrrhenian coast of Calabria.
There was some concern that the level of media coverage at the time could jeopardise a trial.
Buda Godman was an American criminal, actress, and singer.
Mogale committed his crimes near his residence in Westonaria and Lenasia south of Johannesburg.
Ultimately, Gallardo was arrested for the murder of Drug Enforcement Administration agent Enrique Camarena, who was tortured to death on one of Gallardo's ranches.
He is incarcerated in the John Montford Psychiatric Unit in Lubbock, Texas.
In mid 2009, he was sentenced to 75 years in prison on conspiracy charges pertaining to armed robbery, kidnapping, aggravated assault and felony murder.
Her case placed the M'Naghten Rules, along with the Irresistible Impulse Test, a legal test for sanity, under close public scrutiny in the United States.
He was captured shortly after parachuting into the United Kingdom during the Second World War.
Madoff founded the Wall Street firm Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC in 1960, and was its Chairman until his arrest.
His wife Bonti Lahon, who is also said to be an ULFA cadre, hails from Moran in Dibrugarh district.
On August 11, 2009, he pleaded guilty to ten counts related to the fraud.
He was convicted in 2004 of 161 counts of first degree murder, including one count of fetal homicide; first-degree arson; and conspiracy.
He was known as the Ruhr Cannibal, Ruhr Hunter and the Duisburg Man-Eater.
Penlez was given a proper burial after a last-minute attempt to save him failed.
The Eastbound Strangler is an unidentified serial killer believed to be responsible for the murders of four women near Atlantic City, New Jersey in 2006.
You're number 26" but Liang escaped and reported him to the police.
Later, they were in the top of the clan of Carmine Alfieri.
Following the death of fellow Manson gang member, Susan Atkins, Krenwinkel is now the longest-incarcerated female inmate in the California penal system.
Solonik was discovered dead in Athens, Greece, in 1997.
He got his name El Grande because he is 6 feet 7 inches tall.
Nevertheless, the farm was sold and the Morrisons were evicted.
After the war he went into hiding.
The police were initially aware of only three killings, those of Edward Evans, Lesley Ann Downey and John Kilbride.
Utoh was a Banjarese padi planter hailing from Tunggal Island near Sumatra.
He later surrendered and was re-indicted on twelve counts of aggravated murder, four counts of kidnapping, and one count of aggravated burglary.
He was later sentenced to a sixteenth term of life imprisonment for an additional homicide committed in Ohio in 1978.
He is said to be one of the close confidantes of the group's C-in-C Paresh Baruah and an RPG expert.
Rédoine Faïd is a French-Algerian gangster, considered France's most wanted criminal in 2013.
Wanda Jean Allen was sentenced to death in 1989 for the murder of Gloria Jean Leathers, 29, her longtime girlfriend.
The evening before his execution he allegedly made a full confession to the murder.
He is a member of the American Mafia and the boss of the Bonanno crime family, one of Five Families in New York City.
Nicole Baukus attended and graduated from Oak Ridge High School in Conroe, Texas.
The two men were arrested on August 26 and August 27, 2008.
He arrived on the Ferguson in 1829 at Sydney.
He shares this epithet with two separate and unrelated serial killers: Patrick Kearney and Randy Steven Kraft.
He was convicted of six counts of murder on March 16, 2007.
Several suspects have been cleared through DNA, alibi, or other investigative means and methods.
He was eventually cornered by police and committed suicide by shooting himself in the chest.
A. G. Perarivalan(born 1971) is an accused in the Rajiv Gandhi assassination case.
Sidney Dorsey served as sheriff of DeKalb County, Georgia from 1996 to 2000.
The NSW Bar Association had applied to have him struck from the roll.
Originating as a petty criminal, he was sentenced to seven years' imprisonment for armed robbery in 1974.
August Becker was a mid-ranking functionary in the SS of Nazi Germany and chemist in the Reich Main Security Office.
While imprisoned, Breivik has identified himself as a fascist and a national socialist, saying he previously exploited counterjihadist rhetoric in order to protect ethno-nationalists.
She was previously given a five-month remission of her sentence on Merdeka Day in 2009.
Barksdale was the leader of the Black Disciples, he and Larry Hoover decided to merge and create the Black Gangster Disciples.
As of March 2011, Prisco is serving a life sentence at the United States Penitentiary, Coleman in Central Florida.
Upon winning a new trial, she pleaded no contest to second-degree murder and was sentenced to time served and ten years probation in December 1992.
Manuel Blanco Romasanta is Spain’s first documented serial killer.
Willem van Eijk is a convicted Dutch serial killer known as "Het Beest van Harkstede".
He was convicted of two murders and was scheduled for a trial for his third murder trial when he committed suicide in his cell.
Martello was alleged to have assaulted him and Rooney left to get a revolver.
The U.S. Supreme Court refused to hear an appeal from that ruling on October 1, 2012.
Si Yi Chen is an Australian who was convicted in Indonesia for drug trafficking as a member of the Bali Nine.
Lehman said the Walker espionage would have resulted in huge loss of American lives in the event of war.
On January 29, he was charged in federal court, and consented to be held without bail.
A conflict with the North Side Gang was instrumental in Capone's rise and fall.
He was Honecker's deputy from 1984 onward, until he succeeded him in 1989 amid protests against the regime.
After Smith waived a jury trial, a three-judge panel heard the evidence and found Smith guilty of all counts and specifications on April 6, 1988.
The prolonged legal battle, lasting decades, ended when he presumably committed suicide in October 2008.
Capital punishment was abolished for civilian crimes in Finnish law 1949.
The High Court in Bali rejected the first stage of Sandiford's appeal in April 2013, upholding the death sentence.
In court Burgess boasted of committing nine murders; he wrote his memoirs while awaiting trial.
Gjest Baardsen was a Norwegian outlaw, jail-breaker, non-fiction writer, songwriter and memoirist.
On February 27, 2009, the SEC amended its complaint to describe the alleged fraud as a "massive Ponzi scheme".
Bilal Skaf is an Australian serial gang rapist who led groups of Lebanese Australian men who committed gang rape attacks against women in Sydney in 2000.
She had been shot three times, and had a slash across her throat.
Her final resting place is at the Memorial Park Cemetery in Memphis.
He was incarcerated in Nieuw Vosseveld on suspicion of attempting to procure heavy firearms and planning terrorist attacks.
After his release from prison, he settled in Russia and later in Cyprus, where he works as a businessman and consultant.
Wilkerson professed his innocence, but chose to die by firing squad over hanging or decapitation.
This murder case is also known as the Wigwam Murder.
Adam "Eddie" Richetti was an American criminal and Depression-era bank robber.
Leonski was known as the "Brownout Strangler", given Melbourne's wartime status of keeping low lighting.
Nicknamed "The Nailing Killer", he is responsible for five murders.
Carlos Beltrán Leyva is an incarcerated Mexican drug lord with the Beltrán-Leyva Cartel.
Look and Read is a BBC Television programme for primary schools, aimed at improving children's literacy skills.
He was jailed at Strangeways Prison to await execution.
He is primarily known as the inspiration for the name of the rapper, 50 Cent.
He served 15½ months of an 18-month non-parole period before granted the retrial.
Ships loaded with hazardous waste were sunk with dynamite off the Italian coast.
They are also featured on Investigation Discovery's Murder Among Friends, which premiered July 20, 2017.
He was sentenced to life in prison but only served six years before he was pardoned.
After his separation from City Lights, he held court in the Caffe Trieste and published a photocopied zine called Shig's Review.
He was killed in a lengthy gunfight with the FBI in 1935.
Despite his explanation, Berkowitz was found mentally competent to stand trial.
Mom, you've been there for me from the beginning.
Sam Carlisi's brother Roy was a caporegime in the Buffalo crime family, otherwise known as the Magaddino crime family.
He pioneered the concepts of meticulously "casing" a bank and developing escape routes before conducting the robbery.
The trial generated large interest from the Dutch public, especially Fortuyn supporters.
After being released on that charge, she violated her probation by illegally using a credit card.
Jack Mogale dubbed the West-End serial killer by police is a South African serial killer who killed 16 people in 2008 and 2009.
Christopher J. Scarver is an American convicted murderer who also killed serial killer and cannibal Jeffrey Dahmer at Columbia Correctional Institution, Portage, Wisconsin, in 1994.
He paints in styles copied from Paul Gauguin, Pierre-Auguste Renoir and Alfred Sisley; Toye has also copied the style of Claude Monet.
He was arrested more than 30 years after his betrayal, as there is no statute of limitations for espionage.
Harris was born in Fort Bragg, North Carolina and was abused as a child.
Richard Delmer Boyer is an American man convicted of murdering an elderly couple.
It was charged that Brooks had apparently attempted to weaken the rival company and win back the mail contract for the Southwestern Stage Company.
Veniamin was killed by Domenic "Mick" Gatto at a La Porcella restaurant in Carlton in self-defence following a heated argument.
Charles Julius Guiteau was an American writer and lawyer who was convicted of the assassination of James A. Garfield, the 20th President of the United States.
He is a member of D-Company and is a gang member of its leader, Dawood Ibrahim.
He is the head cook as well as support system for numerous inmates.
He rose to the position of underboss when Carlo Gambino moved Joseph Biondo aside.
The Charles Salvador Art Foundation was founded to promote his artwork and "help those in positions even less fortunate than his own" to participate in art.
Roger Caleb Rogerson is a former detective-sergeant of the New South Wales Police Force and a convicted murderer.
Numerous theories of widely varying plausibility have been proposed by authorities, reporters, family members, and amateur enthusiasts.
Scott professed to be "a stick-up man."
In 2009 he was sentenced to three years in prison for perjury and for attempting to pervert the course of justice.
After arriving in Canada, he joined Quebecair, where he eventually became vice-president of charters before leaving in 1980 to start Nationair.
He later confessed the brutal slayings to police.
Crawford denied that he had accidentally slept on top of his son.
Swart was confronted by a police constable in the early hours of 6 May at his home with a warrant for Swart to give himself up.
Diagnosed as suffering from schizophrenia, Rowntree pleaded guilty to four counts of manslaughter on the ground of diminished responsibility at Leeds Crown Court in June 1976.
Franklin was not convicted in either of those cases.
Harris was arrested less than an hour after the robbery and charged with murder, auto theft, kidnapping, burglary, and bank robbery.
Today, his written personal narratives of the Cudahy story are studied for their authenticity.
Jackson's disputed paternity claim against Cosby resurfaced in the media in 2014, as a result of sexual assault allegations against Cosby.
After the program by the Lebanese Broadcasting Corporation which included his comments aired, the Saudi government shut down the LBC's two offices in the country.
He was also the Vice-President of the Indo-Burma Revolutionary Front.
Pablo Emilio Escobar Gaviria was a Colombian drug lord and narcoterrorist.
The men continued their murder spree, probably with the knowledge of their wives.
The gang's crime spree included armed bank robberies at Euroa and Jerilderie, and the killing of Aaron Sherritt, a sympathiser turned police informer.
On August 30, 2010, he was arrested by the Mexican Federal Police at a rural house near Mexico City.
Vizzini is the central character in the history of direct Mafia support for the Allied Forces during the invasion of Sicily in 1943.
Currently, he is serving multiple life sentences at Red Onion State Prison in Virginia, a supermax prison.
He is currently imprisoned in Bangalore, and has been diagnosed as mentally ill.
Judge King Ndlovu postponed the trial until April 30, 2010, where the remaining eight of the state's 103 witness were to testify.
She was convicted of shooting her fifth husband, Jimmy Don Beets, on August 6, 1983.
When serious challenges to this claim developed, Reavis developed a second claim by marrying the purported last surviving lineal descendant of the original claim recipient.
Elisa McNabney was born Laren Renee Sims to parents Jesse and Jackie Sims in Brooksville, Florida.
Hovind's views, which combine elements of creation science and conspiracy theory, are dismissed by the scientific community as fringe theory and pseudo-scholarship.
On July 11, 2012, after hearing from five victims, the judge called their testimony about the threats "highly credible" and ordered Borker jailed without bail.
In 2003, both Sifrits were convicted in the murders.
She committed suicide in 1974 but he did not learn this until around 1980.
George Martorano was the longest-serving first-time non-violent offender in the Federal Bureau of Prisons at the time of his release.
When they broke into the building they found eight others and no sign of their main target.
She was found guilty of collaboration with terrorism and sentenced to 20 years of prison.
He was suspected but never tried for murdering his second wife, Janis Roth, in 1981.
Lo Presti was the man who, during the boom years and the speculation in Piedmont, imposed the rule of labor building throughout the Val di Susa.
Giuseppe Piromalli, also known as "Peppino", was an Italian criminal known as a member of the 'Ndrangheta in Calabria.
Although Shockley pleaded insanity, he and Thompson both received death sentences.
He was one of eight agents involved in Operation Pastorius, and gave his name to the Supreme Court decision on the trial, Ex parte Quirin.
He was followed after he left the mall and was killed while attempting to flee, as the police stopped his car.
Vuković received a prison sentence of 5 years for the crime.
Known as "King of the Bombers", Belcastro was highly skilled at constructing improvised explosive devices.
An appeal was again filed with the Supreme Court, which voted 5-4 on September 20, 2006 to deny another stay.
Federal authorities joined the investigation, since Barnbaum had defrauded federal employees.
He did not know any sign language to communicate with hearing people.
Brunette eventually surrendered, and Tolsen was photographed leading him away in his first arrest of his career.
He was murdered by the Chicago Outfit less than a month later.
After a standoff that lasted five hours, police SWAT teams crashed armored vehicles into the lobby and the attacker surrendered.
The Akbar organization called itself The Family, and consisted of more than 300 active members.
Terrance "Terry" Williams is a prisoner sentenced to death for a murder committed at the age of 18.
On 3 July 2004, a team of French and Belgian police recovered the bodies of two of Fourniret's victims near the chateau.
He admitted his parents' divorce, drug and alcohol use, as well as problems with depression and anxiety, had influenced his life.
Genna and his brothers raged a war against the North Side Gang before half of the brothers were killed and Genna fled.
A Quebec government commission later determined in 1980 that Rose was not present when Laporte was killed, despite a recorded confession.
Ying committed suicide in his prison cell on October 22, about two weeks before his set execution date.
At the time of his arrest, Ames had compromised more CIA assets than any other mole in history until Robert Hanssen's arrest seven years later.
Even though seven people died as a result of Ford's attack, issues in the indictment caused Ford to only be charged with six.
Roderrick Justin "Rod" Ferrell was a member of a loose-knit gang of teenagers from Murray, Kentucky, known as the "Vampire Clan".
He is buried in the churchyard of St Mary's, Handsworth.
William Leonard Roberts II, known professionally by his stage name Rick Ross, is an American rapper and entrepreneur.
Avis Linnell died on October 14, 1911 at the YWCA in Boston.
Anthony Kirkland is an American serial killer.
Colin Ireland was a British serial killer known as the Gay Slayer because his victims were homosexual men.
While engaging in confidence scams, he murdered two people, was put on the most wanted list, and killed three others while escaping.
Vincent Badalamenti, is an American mobster who was acting boss of the Bonanno crime family.
Newspapers dubbed her the "Death House Landlady".
However, Crisp Gascoyne, trial judge and Lord Mayor of London, was unhappy with the verdict and began his own investigation.
Premakumar Gunaratnam is a former JVP leader and political activist in Sri Lanka who later became an Australian citizen.
He was denied appeal and executed by electric chair.
He confessed during his trial in 2004 and was sentenced to nine years in prison.
She was eventually convicted of contributing to the delinquency of a juvenile, injury to personal property and resisting a public officer.
The morning of the execution, he and his wife attempted a double suicide by stabbing themselves with a knife she had smuggled into prison.
He is the creator of the ReiserFS computer file system, which is contained within the Linux kernel, as well as its attempted successor, Reiser4.
Klaas then left the courtroom to avoid causing further commotion.
Isaac Bledsoe Desha was a 19th-century American tanner who was convicted of murdering one man in Kentucky, and confessed to murdering another in Texas.
While incarcerated, he has continued to record music.
Carlton Michael Gary is an American serial killer convicted of the murders of elderly white women in Columbus, Georgia from 1977-1978.
Phin served one year and five months of his 10-year prison term.
Earl Conrad Bramblett was an American mass murderer, convicted for the killing of 4 people in August 1994 in Vinton, Virginia.
Jeffries was transported for life from Scotland on the Albion, arriving in Van Diemen's Land on 21 October 1823.
Nationair was responsible for the deadliest aviation disaster involving a Canadian-registered aircraft and the 15th-worst aviation disaster in history.
His case inspired public outrage and proposed legislation to curtail unwarranted early release.
According to news reports, he did not realise he was going to die until minutes before his execution.
Originally condemned to death, his sentence was later commuted to life imprisonment.
On October 10, 1970, the cell kidnapped Quebec Labour Minister Pierre Laporte.
At the time of the murders, he was 26 years old and a deputy sheriff in Neshoba County, Mississippi.
On July 26, 2013, a mass shooting occurred at the Todel Apartments, an apartment complex in Hialeah, a city in Miami-Dade County, Florida.
Oswald Grey was convicted of the crime, and became the last person hanged at the city's Winson Green Prison.
In 2006 Økokrim indicted 4 people involved with T5PC for breach of trust with fraudulent intent.
He was born in 1951 in Baltimore.
He was convicted of murdering three of them, and not brought to trial on the fourth.
Shockley was involved in the robbery of a small shop in Dorchester County, Maryland.
He was the subject of a biography The English Gusman by George Fidge, and 16 pamphlets detailing his exploits.
By the end of the 1920s, the Chicago Crime Commission had listed Belcastro on its famous "public enemies" list.
This position is now held by the 2009 Winnenden school shooting, which left 16 people dead, including the perpetrator.
Authorities and Álvarez's legal defense claimed Álvarez was planning to commit suicide, but changed his mind at the last minute.
The Supreme Court of the United States heard arguments in the appeal of the case March 1, 2010.
When her husband was brought up on drug trafficking charges, Anna agreed to testify against him on the state's behalf.
Victor Peirce's de facto wife, Wendy, later claimed that her husband planned and carried out the murders with the fellow accused.
Despite this, hundreds of cold cases were attributed to him and subsequently closed.
Beausoleil has become a professional musician, visual artist and creative media technologist during the years subsequent to his incarceration.
Wyatt killed Curly Bill during the shootout.
Some sources have reported that Eduardo Almanza Morales was killed by Mexican law enforcement during a shootout in December 2009.
About a dozen individuals were convicted for involvement in the collapse; another defendant, Keith Pound, received a 750-year sentence, and $139 million in restitution.
Fernando Hernandez Leyva, was a Mexican born serial killer.
Al Sharpton, Pope Benedict XVI, Archbishop Desmond Tutu, former U.S.
Abraham "Bo" Weinberg was a Jewish New York City mobster who became a hitman and chief lieutenant for the Prohibition-era gang boss Dutch Schultz.
Smith was a convicted heroin dealer, rapist and armed robber who has claimed Rogerson gave him the "green light" to commit crimes in New South Wales.
In 1939 he made his habilitation and in 1940 he became top doctor under Hans Eppinger.
Ismael Zambada García, also known as El Mayo Zambada, is a Mexican drug lord who serves as the leader of the Sinaloa Cartel.
Brian Gene Nichols is known for his escape and killing spree in the Fulton County Courthouse in Atlanta, Georgia, on March 11, 2005.
Raju Baruah took over the charge of deputy C-in-C after his death.
Odell Barnes, Jr. was a Texas man convicted of the 1989 murder of Helen Bass.
Jack Edward Alderman was, at the time of his execution, the longest-serving death row prisoner in the United States who has been executed.
His membership of the Order of Australia was also rescinded on 24 April 2009.
Rayful Edmond III, is a notorious former drug kingpin who is largely credited with introducing crack cocaine into the Washington, D.C. area.
The 16-year-old Likens was tortured to death by Gertrude Baniszewski, Baniszewski's children, and other young people from their neighborhood.
He was sentenced to 47 years' imprisonment in July 2008.
He was a fugitive from 1992 and included in the list of most wanted fugitives in Italy until his arrest in February 2004.
Judge Mullen ruled that his confession was likely coerced and thus inadmissible.
Moat was believed to have a grudge against the police after Stobbart had lied to Moat about being in a relationship with a police officer.
Angelina Rodriguez is an American woman from Montebello, California who was sentenced to death for the September 2000 murder of her fourth husband, Frank Rodriguez.
The bombing killed four young African-American girls.
Alexander Viktorovich Solonik was a Russian gangster, known for his reputation as a notorious contract killer in the Russian criminal underworld.
The clan hails from the Archi neighbourhood in the city of Reggio Calabria, and also includes his brothers Pasquale and Giuseppe.
She also wrote about how black people do not have to pay bills.
He received a death sentence for his involvement, which was upheld by the Indian Supreme Court.
He was described as the "most dangerous man in Sweden".
Peter Norris Dupas is an Australian serial killer, currently serving three consecutive life sentences for murder.
Jaime Giménez Arbe is a Spanish anarchist and bank robber known as El Solitario.
In 1917 she was imprisoned for murdering eight children.
John Leonard MacKean was a Canadian man convicted of sexually assaulting a kidnapped 16-year-old boy.
Alfaro, who was 18 years old, pregnant,.
Richard Floyd McCoy Jr. was an American aircraft hijacker.
He was listed on the FBI's Top Ten Most Wanted in late 1955, and was apprehended by the FBI that same year.
James Franklin "Frank" Sawyer was an American Depression-era bank robber and prison escapee.
According to the Philadelphia press that event marked the beginning of the four-year Philadelphia Mafia War that led to 30 mobsters being killed.
Beiglböck visited Stiftsgymnasium Melk and studied medicine at the university of Vienna.
Gassy was struck off in 1997 after being diagnosed with a delusional disorder and refusing to comply with conditions placed on his registration.
In his journal written in October 1881, George Parsons referred to Brocius as "Arizona's most famous outlaw".
Abdul Rahman Al-Amoudi, also known as Abdurahman Alamoudi is an American former Muslim activist known for founding the American Muslim Council.
He has been labeled the "Monster of Lolol" by Chilean media.
On December 9, 1992, Gray was convicted of two counts of first-degree murder and was executed on October 26, 2005.
However a warrant of arrest was filed against him together with other BIFF members by the Philippine National Police.
But, over her objections, Buck insisted on joining his brother's gang.
He killed the son of his second wife, Henry Bakers.
After her graduation from Radcliffe College in 1966, she went on to receive her master’s from Brandeis University.
He wrote three books and performed with the band Alabama 3, for whom his son, Nick, plays.
Salhi was arrested and charged with murder and attempted murder linked to terrorism.
Afterwards he tried to commit suicide by swallowing insecticide, but was forced to vomit it when he was captured by villagers 4 1/2 hours later.
His death marked the beginning of the downfall of the Wild Bunch Gang.
In clandestine correspondence with former mafia boss Bernardo Provenzano, Salvatore Lo Piccolo used to identify himself by the number 30.
His abuse spanned 35 years with victims as young as eight.
Antonio "Tony Ducks" Corallo was a New York City mobster and boss of the Lucchese crime family.
From 1968 to 2005, Spalliero had been arrested at least eight times, and indicted twice, though most of the charges were dismissed or dropped.
Fourniret buried at least two of his victims at his Sautou chateau near Donchery in the French Ardennes in the late 1980s.
On May 17, 1983, the grand jury charged Scott with aggravated murder with an aggravated robbery specification and a firearm specification and aggravated robbery.
His nickname comes from the term rhyging, also spelled rhygin, a variant of "raging".
Lo Piccolo was a fugitive since 1983 and had been running his Mafia affairs in hiding.
In 2013, he received an additional sentence of 25 years to life after pleading guilty to two homicides committed in New York in 1971 and 1977.
Ángel Nieves Díaz was a Puerto Rican convict who was executed by lethal injection by the State of Florida.
He murdered 36 women during the period from 1971 to 1985 in Vitebsk, Polotsk and the rural areas in the nearby regions of the Byelorussian SSR.
Napoleon Beazley was a convicted murderer executed by lethal injection by the State of Texas for the murder of 63-year-old businessman John Luttig in 1994.
Roger Reece Kibbe is an American serial killer known as the "I-5 Strangler".
He was sentenced to life in prison for orchestrating the murder of an opponent, and died there.
In 2005, the Supreme Court banned the practice of executing offenders who were under the age of 18 when they committed their crimes.
T5PC was a controversial Norwegian Multi-level marketing company that went bankrupt in November 2004.
On March 11, 1991, he was sentenced to 20 years in prison.
His sentence was commuted to life in prison to be consistent with laws reducing the use of capital punishment in New York.
Judge Weller spent time recovering, and returned to his courtroom on August 16.
A 2001 Slate.com article termed Vesco "the undisputed king of the fugitive financiers."
He was one of two gang members who were consolidated into the "C. W. Moss" character in the 1967 film Bonnie and Clyde.
He came to the attention of the FBI because he was wanted for car theft and interstate transportation of vehicles.
Ricardo Leyva Muñoz Ramírez, known as Richard Ramirez, was an American serial killer, rapist, burglar, and Satanist.
In 1932, Godman, under the name of Helen Smith, was convicted for grand larceny and sentenced to prison in New York.
Since being released, he has resumed his professional ice hockey career in various European leagues and in North America.
These messages admitted he had harvested emails from "various publicly available sources and other marketing promotions", but included instructions for recipients to unsubscribe from the list.
Bastab Deodhai Phukan, real name Srimanta Phukan, was the chief of ULFA’s Enigma Force and also a commander of the group's 28th battalion.
He was a senior-level undergraduate student at the university.
It was significantly revised and expanded by Gogol for an 1842 edition of his complete works.
Only a year later, while drunk, he confronted gunfighter "Buckskin" Frank Leslie and was killed.
She has been the subject of two operas, numerous books, newspaper articles, and magazine accounts.
On 5 February 2009, the European Parliament adopted a resolution in support of Italy and held a minute of silence in memory to Battisti's victims.
George William Birdwell was an American bank robber and Depression-era outlaw.
In 1852, he was sentenced to 10 years of imprisonment for armed highway robbery, and he was released in October 1861.
He is sometimes referred to as the "Ogre/Beast of the Ardennes".
Neil Entwistle is an English man convicted of murdering his American wife, Rachel, and their infant daughter, Lillian, on 20 January 2006 in Hopkinton, Massachusetts.
They were aided by Li Chunling and three other female accomplices.
An ethnic Hutu, he was a part of Juvénal Habyarimana's dominant MRND party.
Jessica answered the door and told Wynn the two weren't home.
Transported to Australia in 1814 for the crime of forgery, Tawell obtained a ticket of leave, and started as a chemist in Sydney.
Elmer Edward Solly was convicted of manslaughter in 1970 for the death of two-year-old Christopher Welsh.
He is serving a life sentence in the Sterling Correctional Facility in Sterling, Colorado.
Since 2008, he was included on the list most wanted fugitives in Italy, until his arrest on January 14, 2009, in Mignano Monte Lungo.
Marybeth Roe Tinning is an American prisoner serving a sentence of 20 years to life after being convicted of the murder of one of her children.
Martin Ney is a German serial killer.
On September 20, 2006, Attanasio was sentenced to 15 years in prison as part of his plea agreement for the 1984 Bonventre murder.
While being moved in April 1985 to a court hearing for the homicide, he fatally shot attorney Michael Burdell in an unsuccessful escape attempt.
After Tafero's execution, the driver, Walter Rhodes, confessed to shooting the officers.
Prosecutors estimated he accepted $130,000 in bribes from Afghan contractors.
Luis Ignacio Amezcua Contreras, along with his brothers Adán and Jesús, was a leader of the Colima Cartel, a Mexican methamphetamine and precursor drug smuggling organization.
He killed one man and was found guilty of manslaughter.
His sentence was later reduced to two years for cooperating with testimony against his former colleagues and for good behavior.
Sandberger was the second-highest official of Einsatzgruppe A to be tried, and convicted.
The case is remembered now for the innovative forensic techniques employed in solving it.
Nationally, she was the first woman executed in the electric chair since 1957, when Rhonda Belle Martin was electrocuted in Alabama.
Robert Zarinsky was a convicted murderer and suspected serial killer from Linden, New Jersey.
In a 2013 interview, Songbijit stated that he would agree to talks, if the government agrees to hold a referendum on Bodoland independence.
Michele "Mike the Devil" Genna was a Sicilian mobster in Chicago during the 1920s.
He was the estranged father of actor Woody Harrelson.
The alarmed constable immediately started to gather a posse of a dozen policemen to arrest Swart the next day.
As a result, the rope broke and he suffered some minor injuries.
He was found guilty of the murder of one wife but is thought to have killed more, perhaps up to 50 victims.
Kendall survived but was badly burned; Margaret and Scott died instantly from the bomb impact.
In 2010, Steven Hayes was convicted of the murders and sentenced to death.
Hegyalji was best friend of celebrity criminal and convicted standover man Mark "Chopper" Read, whom he had contacted several days before his murder.
In 2007, Trudeau learned he had cancer and was transferred to a medical centre from Archambault penitentiary.
Brady was declared criminally insane in 1985 and confined in the high-security Ashworth Hospital.
John Joseph Joubert IV was an American serial killer convicted of the murders of three boys in Maine and Nebraska.
Hegyalji was a key figure in the amphetamine trade.
He was sentenced to 14 years in prison for fraud and money laundering on November 12, 2009.
Since his arrest and guilty plea, Headley has cooperated with U.S. and Indian authorities and given information about his associates.
Four years after his conviction, McVeigh was executed by lethal injection on June 11, 2001, at the Federal Correctional Complex in Terre Haute, Indiana.
They also demonstrate that Julius reported to the KGB that Ethel persuaded Ruth Greenglass to travel to New Mexico to recruit David as a spy."
He was described as "a kind of president of the confederation."
Beazley shot Luttig in his garage on April 19, 1994 in order to steal his family's car.
Between 40 and 50 murders were attributed to her.
She later had an affair with one Edward Thompson and soon afterwards moved to Melbourne.
His convictions range from fraud and money laundering to contempt of court and resisting arrest.
He was not convicted of the murder until 1983, when he confessed to the crime upon questioning about the attempted strangulation of another child.
Powers lured his victims through "Lonely Hearts" ads, claiming he was looking for love, but in reality murdered them for their money.
He was arrested in Tennesee in July 2007 – and found guilty in 2010 – for the June 26, 2007 murder of Sara Hulbert.
Analysis of the blood on the clothing yielded a sample that matched Bradford's blood type.
By the early to mid-1980s, Kuklinski was involved in narcotics, pornography, arms dealing, money laundering, hijacking and contract killing on a global basis.
He was prosecutor of the Islamic Revolutionary Court, and Prosecutor General of Tehran, a position he held from 2003 to 2009.
His life was chronicled in a critically acclaimed 2003 documentary titled Stoked: The Rise and Fall of Gator by American filmmaker Helen Stickler.
Jung was a part of the Medellín Cartel, which was responsible for up to 85 percent of the cocaine smuggled into the United States.
It was the second-deadliest mass murder on a U.S. military base, behind only the 2009 Fort Hood shooting.
Fred "Killer" Burke was a Midwestern armed robber and contract killer responsible for many crimes during the Prohibition era.
He had previously done five years in a California prison for cocaine trafficking.
He is also one of the founder leaders of the group.
The name "Jack the Ripper" originated in a letter written by someone claiming to be the murderer that was disseminated in the media.
He has been identified by police as a member of a gang of jewel thieves called the Pink Panthers.
He is currently serving a life sentence at California State Prison in Corcoran.
He is also believed to have raped two girls, aged 10 and 12, in Florida in 1983.
Emeline Lucy Meaker was the first woman who was legally executed by Vermont.
Benedetto Santapaola, better known as Nitto is a prominent mafioso from Catania, the main city and industrial centre on Sicily's east coast.
A memorial fund was set up to aid victims and affected communities.
He had received advancement after his criticism of the force following his claims of racism.
Jones and O'Neal were arrested and gave statements to police that Scott shot Prince.
When her sentence was commuted to life in prison in 1999, Faye Copeland was the oldest woman on death row.
While his range of criminal activities expanded, he began to make mistakes.
Surinder Koli's death sentence was changed to a life sentence by the Supreme Court on 7 September 2014.
Allison Hoover Bartlett, who wrote The Man Who Loved Books Too Much chronicling Gilkey's thefts and methods, stated that he feels he deserves the books.
Henri Désiré Landru was a French serial killer and real-life "Bluebeard.
a Genovese crime family who was indicted and convicted of criminal activity from the testimony of Joseph Valachi in 1963.
William "Tulsa Jack" Blake was an American outlaw of the Old West, and member of the Wild Bunch gang.
State v. Kuhl also set the precedent that palm prints were as valid as fingerprints in criminal cases for identifying individuals.
Interim president Hamid Karzai signed the death warrant.
French authorities believe that Salhi has links with the Islamist terrorist group the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria.
Tanzi was the founder of Parmalat and its CEO, at the time.
On August 19, 2015, he agreed to plead guilty in federal court to possessing child pornography and traveling to pay for sex with minors.
Ayhan Kartal was a Turkish rapist and child killer.
Azzouz was born in Amsterdam and grew up in Amsterdam Nieuw-West, a relatively poor immigrant neighbourhood.
Richard Fran Biegenwald was an American serial killer, who committed his crimes in Monmouth County, New Jersey.
Colton Simpson was a Crip who is serving a 126-year prison sentence under California's three-strikes law.
The slaying and execution came during a decades-long period of state suppression of civil rights of black citizens in Georgia by the white-dominated society.
Newspapers suggested Lee was responsible for other unsolved murders in the area, but the police lacked DNA evidence to prove these connections.
His nickname was Binnu u tratturi because, in the words of one informant, "he mows people down."
Among her work is the poem entitled "Prison", a psychological and philosophical work on life in prison.
During his trial, he at one point even accused his mother-in-law of committing the murder.
John Ashley was an American outlaw, bank robber, bootlegger, and occasional pirate active in southern Florida during the 1910s and 1920s.
After being released from jail, Minkow became a pastor and fraud investigator in San Diego, and spoke at schools about ethics.
The incident drew responses from President Barack Obama and Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.
The book was adapted for the screen in 1955 and stars William Campbell as Chessman.
Several months later however the company had lost a mail contract to a rival company and Brooks lost his job.
He is best known for taking a photo of his last known victim, Regina Kay Walters, moments before killing her in an abandoned barn in Illinois.
His family has reportedly not received any updates on his situation.
Intense coverage of the case by the media lent a kind of celebrity status to Berkowitz, and some observers noted that he seemed to enjoy it.
On July 14, 2009 the U.N. War Crimes Tibunal in Arusha, Tanzania sentenced Renzaho to life in prison.
In exchange, prosecutors agreed to a lesser sentence for Walker's son, former Seaman Michael Walker, who was also involved in the spy ring.
He gained near immunity from law enforcement by allying with Tammany Hall, a Democratic political machine ruled that Manhattan and New York City politics virtually unopposed.
He escaped shortly afterwards, giving credit for his escape to the all-powerful tokoloshe.
Sanchez is also known as the Bike Path Rapist and Bike Path Killer.
As the lethal drugs began to flow, Gentry cried out: Sweet Jesus, here I come.
Gillis was given the nickname Baby Face due to his youthful appearance and small stature, although few dared call him "Baby Face" to his face.
He was noted for removing his victims shoes and placing them neatly next to their bodies.
He was found sane and guilty at his trial in 1973, and requested the death penalty for his crimes.
He was kept in protective custody for three years for the 2001 bomb plot.
He was the longtime partner of George "Machine Gun" Kelly and participated in the kidnapping of oil tycoon Charles Urschel in 1933.
Francisco Martin Duran is most known for his actions of October 29, 1994, when he fired 29 rounds from an SKS rifle at the White House.
On 1 December 2006 he was sentenced to eight years imprisonment, along with three other militant Islamists.
Gerald Eugene Stano was an American convicted serial killer.
Her disappearance attracted widespread media attention and a review of closed-circuit television images from the area of her disappearance.
In 1968, Gein was found guilty but legally insane of the murder of Worden, and was remanded to psychiatric institutions.
He was also one of the founder leaders of the organisation.
Despite numerous appeals and at least one court ruling freeing him, Touhy spent 26 years in prison.
He was placed on a new Interpol red notice in 2010.
Between 1971 and 1973, she was charged with several crimes and was the subject of a multi-state manhunt.
Chuck Rosenthal, the district attorney in Harris County, asked for the death penalty in her 2002 trial.
He used company money for presents to several girlfriends, including a former runner-up for Miss Universe.
Robert William "Willy" Pickton of Port Coquitlam, British Columbia, Canada, is a Canadian criminal.
He was sentenced in 2009 to 13 years in prison, to be followed by 30 years of supervised release.
In 2005 he was imprisoned for a minimum of two years and nine months for filing false financial statements and failing his duty as a director.
Eventually the police believed Liang's story and arrested Huang, who was convicted of 17 murders and sentenced to death on December 9, 2003.
The Times Union reported that their lawyers filed motions to learn whether the pair were subjected to warrantless surveillance by the NSA.
He was also under investigation by the FBI for the 1966 shooting death of a second black man, Nathan Johnson, shot one year after Jackson.
He was sentenced to death and hanged at Lincoln Castle on 26 July 1833, at the age of 17.
The organization, run mainly by Arturo and Héctor, formed as a splinter group of the powerful Sinaloa Cartel, which was led by Joaquín Guzmán Loera.
Along with Perry Edward Smith, Hickock took part in the burglary of the Clutter family farmhouse.
Lavinia and Crawford were sentenced to death in October 1845.
It is not clear whether the Six Mile House was a hotel, but it did serve as a hideout for a number of outlaws.
She would then respond to the coded emergency, often resuscitating the patients herself.
He was sentenced on August 24, 2007, to three life terms for his part in the 1964 murders of the two Mississippi teens.
She has been dubbed "the Acid Lady" by various media outlets.
Wilken was charged with 10 counts of murder and 5 counts of sodomy on 3 February 1997.
Two escapees were shot, and one died of his wounds; all surviving were quickly recaptured.
He is included as one of twelve described in such a way, in the book "Deadly Dozen", by author Robert K. DeArment.
Renato Vallanzasca Costantini is a notorious Italian mobster from Milan who was a powerful figure in the Milanese underworld during the 1970s.
His method of firing into the air caused people to avoid eye contact, so authorities had a hard time getting a description of Williams' appearance.
His most recent robbery occurred on Friday, December 2, 2011.
They were mentioned in 1937 as the Mafia bosses of Villabate by Melchiorre Allegra, a mafioso physician who became an informant when he was arrested.
In 1999 he was arrested again, but this time did not try to escape.
All of the killer's victims were known prostitutes and or substance abusers.
He worked alongside Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán, once considered Mexico's most-wanted drug lord.
That same day, James Traylor, a police pathologist, determined that the bruise on the infant's lip indicated smothering and other bruises indicated child abuse.
The case received national attention both for the brutality of the crime and for the controversial sentence.
Quinn soon began looking for Lyons and on July 5, 1887, Lyons killed Quinn during a gunfight between them.
He died while incarcerated in the Federal Correctional Complex in Terre Haute, Indiana.
Convicted of 33 murders, Gacy was sentenced to death on March 13, 1980 for 12 of those killings.
Santo Trafficante Sr. gained power as a mobster in Tampa, Florida and ruled the Mafia in Tampa from the 1930s until his death in 1954.
Mesac Damas is an Haitian American, who is charged with the murder of his wife and five children.
He died on June 27, 2001, during heart surgery.
Huang Guangyu, was the Chairman of GOME Group, which is the largest consumer electronics retailer in China.
Héctor Beltrán Leyva is a Mexican suspected drug lord and former leader of the Beltrán Leyva Cartel, a drug trafficking organization.
During the 1980s, Furnari served as the family consigliere until his 1986 racketeering conviction.
The Kellys were a poor selector family who saw themselves as downtrodden by the Squattocracy and as victims of police persecution.
A trial scheduled for August 2005 was postponed after Simpson's attorney removed himself from the case.
Mitchell then committed suicide by shooting himself in the head with a double-barreled shotgun.
He is also the first person to have used an AK-47 during an armed-robbery in Hong Kong.
Philip Holst-Cappelen is a Norwegian convicted serial fraudster and kidnapper who has received significant media attention in Scandinavia.
The second judge came under pressure from the Supreme Court to impose the sentence.
Giuseppe Morabito, nicknamed 'u tiradrittu', is an Italian criminal and a historical boss of the 'Ndrangheta, a Mafia-type organisation in the region of Calabria.
According to interviews, she remains single, focusing on herself, her children, and her family.
Her goal was to start a war against whites and get rid of what she considered "this white problem".
His subsequent appeals at the state and federal levels were unsuccessful, as was his request for executive clemency.
Randy Roth is a convicted murderer and thief from Washington.
When he returned to work Ferlinghetti wanted to bring in new management.
He retired to the small town of Dierhagen in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern upon his release from prison in late 2003.
He was incarcerated at the Federal Correctional Institution in Terre Haute, Indiana, where he died in 2011.
An offer was put to Hare granting immunity from prosecution if he turned king's evidence.
The commercial attacked Huckabee's efforts to get DuMond released from prison early.
He came from the town of Chipping Norton, Oxfordshire.
The word Gullu associated from Gullu Butt has been given a meaning of "disruptive behavior of someone enjoying backing of the ruling/powerful segments of society".
The victim died in hospital, although he was first able to give a description of his attacker to the police.
Charles Ray Hatcher was an American serial killer who confessed to having murdered 16 people between 1969 and 1982.
Shortly before he was to appear in court in February 2005, he committed suicide.
Originally sentenced to the death penalty, in 2006 Marshall was resentenced to life in prison, with eligibility for parole in 2014.
Surprising even prosecutors, Judge Martin said Felipe must serve the sentence in solitary confinement.
The case attracted the attention of true crime author Joe McGinniss, whose bestselling book on the Marshall case, Blind Faith, was published in 1989.
He further confessed to an additional 240 murders in Peru and Colombia.
Frank is one of only two women on death row in Louisiana, at the Louisiana Correctional Institute for Women in St. Gabriel.
George "Bitter Creek" Newcomb was an American outlaw of the American Old West.
Prior to his arrest and imprisonment, Rees was known as a jazz musician in the Washington, D.C. area.
In 1984, Jones was convicted of murder and injury to a child.
He had also been holding the post of deputy commander of the battalion with Bhaskar Hazarika, another top ULFA leader.
He murdered at least eight people – including his wife, Ethel – by strangling them in his flat at 10 Rillington Place, Notting Hill, London.
He will be eligible for parole in 2020.
Danielle Sarah Jones,, was last seen alive on 18 June 2001; her body has never been found.
One publication alleged that a family member smuggled the knife used in the suicide into his cell.
He was convicted and sentenced to 27 years for a third-degree murder he committed six months earlier.
In one case one of the men killed had four brothers who came after Brooks in revenge.
At his trial the parents of missing children in the surrounding area and Gilles' own confederates in crime testified against him.
Nounes' flamboyance attracted the attention of federal authorities, leading to his conviction in 1924 and sentencing to Leavenworth Penitentiary.
Dallen Forrest Bounds was an American serial killer.
Jessica was then instructed by Williams to use a payphone to call Dent and get him to come to the house.
Even though the police have not found her body, they are treating the case as a homicide.
In May 2012, the tomb was opened and bones were removed as part of the investigation into Orlandi's disappearance.
Beginning in 1983, Murao revived the review as a photocopied zine.
Filyaw's girlfriend was also arrested on charges of aiding and abetting the abduction.
He said he had to give himself up or he would bleed to death in the bush.
Unlike other members of his gang, De Pedis possessed a strong entrepreneurial spirit.
He was a member of the Wild Bunch gang led by Butch Cassidy and Elzy Lay.
Carlisi started his criminal career with the Outfit as a driver for mobster Joseph Aiuppa when he was boss of the Cicero, Illinois crew.
He was apprehended based on an early use of offender profiling and clues given in letters he wrote to a newspaper.
Miller was born on either January 9, 1850 or December 15, 1849 in Kearney, Missouri.
He received the maximum penalty allowed by the law, life in prison without parole.
After a month of testimony, the commander was exonerated, but he requested that he be charged and tried by a court martial.
Louis "Little New York" Campagna was an American gangster and mobster and a high-ranking member of the Chicago Outfit for over three decades.
He enticed the girl to follow him into nearby marshlands to search for fish bait.
Among his numerous aliases were Joey Glimco, "Tough Guy" Glimco, Joseph Glinico, and Joseph Glielmi.
They are featured in a documentary entitled CopyCat Killers, shown on the Reelz channel.
Frank Lucas is an American former drug trafficker, who operated in Harlem during the late 1960s and early 1970s.
According to court testimonies of convicted drug mules, Sukumaran and Andrew Chan were the co-ringleaders of the heroin-smuggling operation from Indonesia to Australia.
Her conviction was vacated by the 6th Circuit Court of Appeals and sent back to the District Court in February 2016.
Hall is a prominent figure in Australian folklore, inspiring bush ballads and films.
While in prison, Allen then acknowledged his Native American Choctaw heritage.
Operation Purana allege that he is the mastermind behind the Melbourne amphetamines trade.
He was an active member of the Communist Party of Germany, which was banned as unconstitutional in 1956, and was sentenced to prison for anti-constitutional activities.
In January 2004, Attanasio was indicted in New York on charges of murder, conspiracy to murder and loansharking.
During a NATO-sponsored training seminar in Budapest, Safarov broke into Margaryan's dormitory room at night and axed him to death while Margaryan was asleep.
He was apprehended later that year, and sentenced to life imprisonment in July 1976, remaining in prison until his death in 2011.
Howard "Pappy" Mason is an American drug trafficker and organized crime figure.
Vasiliki "Vicky" Pryce; born 1952) is a Greek-born British economist, and former Joint Head of the United Kingdom's Government Economic Service.
Montes was evaluated by a psychologist, who told the court that he displayed evidence of the "evident, male pedophile attitude".
The Mexican government offers $15 million Mexican Pesos for information leading to his capture.
He died in July 20, 2000 from a heart attack.
During investigation by Prosecutor General of Azerbaijan the involvement of Georgian citizen of Armenian descent Mardun Gumashyan was published and is wanted by Interpol.
This sentence was later reduced to 20 years on appeal.
Lyda Southard was born on October 16, 1892, and died on February 5, 1958, of a heart attack.
Upon his death, Santo Trafficante Sr. gave the power to his son, Santo Trafficante Jr.
He was finally apprehended in Virginia on June 1, 1989, after the story of his murders was broadcast on the television program America's Most Wanted.
The massacre was the deadliest in the country since the end of the Yugoslav Wars.
Erich Ehrlinger was a member of the Nazi Party and SS.
Massino became known as "The Last Don", the only full-fledged New York boss of his time who was not in prison.
When Schultz disobeyed them and made an attempt to kill Dewey, the Commission ordered his murder in 1935.
He currently is on death row at the Washington State Penitentiary.
Lamm's techniques were studied and imitated by other bank robbers across the country, including the infamous John Dillinger.
In September 2014, Stanford appealed his conviction; however, the appeals court rejected the appeal in October 2015.
Breivik wrote that his main motive for the atrocities was to market his manifesto.
The Madoff investment scandal defrauded thousands of investors of billions of dollars.
A former electricity board employee Gogoi hails from Sibsagar district of Assam.
According to Chinese media, he is believed to be involved in at least nine murder and robbery cases.
On 4 August 2009, Duma was further charged in connection with his various other crimes.
He was said to be one of the hardcore cadre of the outfit.
She was convicted of the November 4, 1997 murder of her two young children, Justin Dalton Thomas and Shelby Alexis Riggs.
Another officer stated that Ford said, "The more dead, the better," while she was in custody.
Straffen killed two young girls in the summer of 1951.
On 14 September, the sixth section of the Regional Federal Court of the First Region declared the deportation of Battisti illegal.
Enraged at being thwarted in his quest to get high, Mink beat his sleeping parents with a claw hammer until the head broke.
France raised its Vigipirate terror alert and deployed soldiers in Île-de-France and Picardy.
He developed community programs to help the poor and had so much local support that Jamaican police were unable to enter this neighborhood without community consent.
Kiyoshi Ōkubo was a Japanese serial killer.
On March 11, 2013, Kilpatrick was convicted on 24 federal felony counts, including mail fraud, wire fraud, and racketeering.
Jonathan Jay Pollard is a former intelligence analyst for the United States government.
Sarah Simpson was a widow executed by hanging for the murder of her child in New Hampshire.
Released at the age of 21 after convincing Atascadero psychiatrists he was rehabilitated, Kemper was regarded as non-threatening by his victims.
Tynan and his partner had been looking for Jackson because he was suspected of having stolen a gold watch and chain.
Muzzammil Syed Hassan, also known as Mo Steve Hassan, is a Pakistani-American, and former CEO of Bridges TV.
Prior to his tenure in the Knights Templar, he was a top leader of the split-off group La Familia Michoacana.
Slivko was executed by firing squad on 16 September 1989.
The manufacturer of sodium thiopental stated that new supplies would not be available until 2011.
He and his wife, Jayne, are named defendants in the Supreme Court decision Bray v. Alexandria.
Corona was convicted of 25 counts of first-degree murder in 1973.
He was one of the first Camorristi to emerge as a powerful organiser of the cigarette contraband industry in the 1960s and 1970s.
Salvatore "Chuckie" Merlino was an American member of the Philadelphia crime family and former underboss for Nicodemo Scarfo.
Some of his victims were English royalty.
Gray says she committed the murders to support her spending habits.
Bernard "Barry" Freundel was the rabbi of Kesher Israel Congregation in Washington, D.C. from 1989 until 2014.
28-year-old Manhattan native Winston Moseley was arrested during a house burglary six days later and, while in custody, confessed to killing her.
The case is often cited as one raising serious questions as to the appropriateness of condemning a person based on circumstantial evidence alone.
He was executed by lethal injection on June 22, 2000 in Huntsville, Texas.
1", he was a member of the Kimes-Terrill Gang and associated with Herman Barker and Wilbur Underhill, Jr. throughout the early-1930s.
Blanton's Alabama Department of Corrections AIS is 00216691.
The Tijuana Cartel is one of the three large Mexican drug cartels, along with the Gulf Cartel and the Juárez Cartel.
However, a district court in Tallahassee and an appeals court in Atlanta refused to hear Hill's challenges, ruling that he should have filed earlier.
Dulmatin was a Javanese with 172 cm tall, weighing 70 kg, with a brown complexion.
In 2009 Kibbe again returned to the site with detectives.
Stewart Wilken AKA "Boetie Boer" is a convicted serial killer from South Africa.
She was sentenced to 20 years in federal prison and paroled after 29 months.
His victims all came from the Port Elizabeth area of the Eastern Cape.
Police found him dead in the car with a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head.
Arsenic, the alleged murder weapon, was found in Kinney's stomach during an autopsy.
He was found guilty of drug smuggling, and of participating in the kidnapping, but not the murder, of Camarena.
Setola is currently serving a life imprisonment sentence for murder.
Dona Branca was arrested in 1984, and in 1988 she was sentenced to 10 years in prison.
Confronting Earp over his defeat, Brooks was shot in the stomach and Morgan was shot in the shoulder.
Albert E. Planta was a Canadian Senator and financial agent.
Taylor's own sister tipped off police in June 1989 after 11-year-old Charla King was found raped and strangled to death in Washington Terrace, Utah.
Cooper was sentenced for 14 years in 1998 for burglary and robbery, enabling the police to collect further evidence against him.
Michele Antonio Varano is an Italian criminal accused of being a member of the 'Ndrangheta, a Mafia-type organisation in Calabria.
In 2015, he said that he has never personally identified as a Christian, and called his religion Odinism.
His trial started on 27 March 2003.
He also uses several other aliases, namely, Kamruj Zaman Khan, Nur-uz-Zaman and Zaman Bhai.
On April 23, 1935, Bo Weinberg married Anna May Turner.
She kept the three babies in a storage unit for over ten years.
Duma first killed on 9 September 2007 when he used his minibus taxi to run over and kill a Department of Education security guard; Mqeku Zondi.
Although the conviction was upheld by higher courts, a new series of appeal motions was filed in January 2016.
Christie was arrested and convicted of his wife's murder, for which he was hanged.
He had planned the murders so meticulously that nearly a month passed before anyone suspected that anything was amiss.
After pleading guilty, Chesser was sentenced in federal court on February 24, 2011 to 25 years in prison.
As a child he had lived with a foster family.
Karl Göran Gustav Lindberg is a Swedish convicted serial rapist and a former police chief.
His accomplice, Joshua Komisarjevsky, was found guilty on October 13, 2011, and sentenced to death on January 27, 2012.
Désiré Munyaneza is a Rwandan businessman and convicted war criminal who was living in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, before being imprisoned.
Mourad Topalian is a prominent Armenian-American political activist, former chairman of the Armenian National Committee of America, who visited the White House several times.
He is best known for successfully posting himself in a box from England to Australia to avoid paying for a plane ticket.
She served as associate director at the Arab American Action Network in Chicago, Illinois.
Born in Milan, Lutring carried out hundreds of robberies in France and Italy during the sixties, for an estimated 35 billion lire.
Karla Faye Tucker was the first woman to be executed in the United States since 1984, and the first in Texas since 1863.
In January 2003 Azzouz was arrested in Ukraine.
It has been suggested that Kumarin maintains good relations to Russian politicians Mikhail Glushenko and Alexander Filatov.
He was caught, tried at Stafford Assizes and sentenced to hang.
Kinne was convicted in October 1965 of the Mexican crimes and sentenced to ten years in prison, later lengthened to thirteen years after judicial review.
Khalid's guilty plea can be viewed at: http://www.canlii.org/en/on/onsc/doc/2009/2009canlii44274/2009canlii44274.html
Civil charges, filed in December 2008 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, are pending.
Zamora hit Jones over the head with weights, and Graham shot her twice after she had broken away from them.
Asghar Qatel was convicted for raping and killing 33 young adults, eight in Tehran and the rest in Baghdad.
Charley Pierce was an American outlaw in the American Old West who rode with both the Dalton Gang and the Doolin Dalton Gang during the 1890s.
He is currently serving life in prison in California for torture.
Ross Andrew Parker, from Peterborough, England, was a 17-year-old English male murdered in an unprovoked racially motivated crime.
Ahmad Suradji was an Indonesian serial killer who admitted to killing 42 girls and women between 1986 and 1997.
Kasab's death sentence was upheld by the Bombay High Court on 21 February 2011.
Il mostro di Firenze is a 2009 Italian six parts mystery-drama television miniseries directed by Antonello Grimaldi.
Swart killed five officers and wounded another near his farm, taking one's revolver and horse.
Carlos Alberto Rosales Mendoza was a former Mexican drug lord who founded and led an organized crime syndicate called La Familia Michoacana.
His nickname, "Yaponchik" translates from Russian as "Little Japanese", due to his faintly Mongoloid facial features.
Webb was released from prison on August 22, 2002.
The executions caused public outcry and strained political relations between Australia and Malaysia at the time.
He spent 12 years, 7 months, and 17 days on death row as his case was appealed through the state and federal court systems.
He said he attacked the victims because he was angry about his divorce and allegations he had molested his stepdaughters.
Steven Wayne Benson was an American convicted double murderer of his mother, tobacco heiress Margaret Benson; and his brother, tennis player Scott Benson.
The Geezer Bandit is accused of robbing at least sixteen banks so far, many in the San Diego, California area.
In 1978, he moved to Izmir, where he was involved in armed actions of Devrimci Yol, an illegal Marxist-Leninist movement.
Due to the size of the investigation police officers were drafted from several other police forces.
But he always preferred to pose as a mild citizen persecuted by justice.
Crawford Burnett's attorney made a motion before Crawford's trial to be dismissed as his attorney.
Mladić wrote that Vuković and Duško Malović were involved in the 1994 murder of Serbian reporter Radislava Vujasinović.
He was a fugitive since 1997 and included in the list of most wanted fugitives in Italy until his capture in July 2007.
Proksch stayed at the palace of his personal friend, the dictator Ferdinand Marcos.
He maintained his innocence until his death.
Connolly was indicted on December 22, 1999, on charges of alerting Bulger and Flemmi to investigations, falsifying FBI reports to cover their crimes, and accepting bribes.
He confessed and was sentenced to 103 years in prison in 2003, after his ex-wife denounced him.
After a criminal trial, on 14 February 2006 Stephens was sentenced to life imprisonment.
Under interrogation by police, he confessed to all six murders.
It is well known for its employment of enforcers recruited from Mexican and Los Angeles street gangs.
Investigators found out after her murder, that she had married her high school sweetheart, a methamphetamine dealer who was abusive.
He was executed for crimes against humanity committed at the Mauthausen camp.
He ended his account of this incident by telling the police that he dropped the knife in a river on the way to his mother's residence.
According to his relatives and friends, Anglés was known as an habitually violent criminal who used to beat his mother up constantly.
When Sharp campaigned in 1825 for a seat in the Kentucky House of Representatives, opponents revived the story of his alleged illegitimate child by Cooke.
He then shot her in the head at point blank range using the Norinco pistol he had stolen from Mqeku Zondi.
When the killers were arrested, they agreed to cooperate with law enforcement for lighter prison sentences.
He was convicted of manslaughter decades after the incident.
Frank "Black Caesar" Matthews is a major heroin and cocaine trafficker who operated throughout the eastern seaboard during the late 1960s and early 1970s.
Albert Johnson Walker is a Canadian criminal serving a prison term for embezzlement and murder.
She has written a book about her ordeal, 3,096 Days, upon which the 2013 German film, 3096, is based.
Brian Kim is a former hedge fund manager.
On October 17, 2014, the separate charge for first-degree murder was dismissed and all three deaths were included in a single capital murder count.
Crawford replied that his son had fallen in the bathroom the day before.
Prior to his political career, Cunningham was an officer and pilot in the U.S. Navy for 20 years.
P. Kalimuthu or popularly known as Bentong Kali was a notorious Malaysian gangster who attained national fame in the 1990s.
The Midnight Frolics was the club in which comedian Joe E. Lewis first began his career in 1926.
He was captured by Pakistani forces in 2008 and transferred to FBI custody.
Frank Gates and George Druse were later released due to lack of involvement of the murder.
Francisco Guerrero Pérez, also known as Antonio Prida, was the first serial killer to be captured in Mexico.
Tom Bell was a western outlaw and physician known as the "Outlaw Doc".
Forensic evidence led police to believe he may have killed over twenty.
John Gilligan is a convicted Irish criminal.
The course teaches only engineering theories, and not how to actually fly a plane.
Shannon remains missing, but is presumed deceased.
Alexander was convicted in 2004 of the murder of three state and USDA meat compliance officials in 2000.
Her second book, Freedom: My Book of Firsts, was published in 2016.
He sold raw materials for the production of chemical weapons to Iraq during the reign of Saddam Hussein.
Some sources spell his first name as "Lowel".
She spent 10 years in prison before she was released in a prisoner exchange with the PFLP in 1980.
In October 1984, Gardner killed Melvyn John Otterstrom during a robbery in Salt Lake City.
William James "Flip" Williams, Jr. was an American mass murderer executed by lethal injection.
In 1884, he began editing The Alarm newspaper.
He was the 21st person executed by Ohio since the state resumed executions in 1999.
A number of films and television shows are based on this case.
Capone was born in Brooklyn in New York City to Italian immigrants.
Er Wang is the name for a pair of Chinese serial killers.
He is currently serving a life sentence in Corcoran State Prison.
Slovák remains one of the most significant participants in the controversial wide-ranging amnesty of the newly elected President of Czechoslovakia Václav Havel.
Weihan was interrogated for ten months in 2005 and allowed access to a lawyer in 2006.
Gonzalez was inspired by horror films such as A Nightmare on Elm Street and Friday the 13th to become a "famous serial killer".
He was accused of murdering three young women.
Ann Bilansky was an American housewife convicted in 1859 of poisoning her husband with arsenic.
He was sentenced to death and thus hanged on October 18, 1749.
Kinne went to trial for the murder of Patricia Jones in June 1961 and was acquitted.
Dillard Morrison Sr. — known as "Red" Dillard — was an American mob boss and enforcer in New York City's Harlem neighborhood.
On 12 June 1866, James Battle was murdered on the Maungatapu track by Burgess and four others, known as the 'Burgess gang'.
In November 2003 a 16-year-old boy named Zhang Liang went to the police.
Charles "Chuck" Stuart was an American suspect in a 1989 Boston area murder that generated national headlines.
The following month he was killed by Mexican Rurales.
In 2007, Simpson was found guilty of robbery, burglary and grand theft, and sentenced under California's three-strikes law.
He stood over six feet tall, with light brown hair and blue eyes.
During questioning he indicated that he was responsible for at least 12 deaths.
Hasan was a United States Army Medical Corps psychiatrist who admitted to the shootings at his court-martial in August 2013.
He murdered his own mother in 2000, was imprisoned, and then paroled in 2003.
Ger Doyle is an Irish former national swimming coach from Wexford, County Wexford.
Chandler was identified as the killer when his neighbor recognized the handwriting.
In late 1962, after an investigation spearheaded by Robert Kennedy, Factor was scheduled to be deported, but received a presidential pardon.
After the takeover bid they were worth over $2 million.
He was previously imprisoned in the United Kingdom for drug trafficking, and eight minor trials in Spain had yet to take place.
He was arrested several times for theft; he became legendary for his many successful escapes, and for his spectacular robbery of Norges Bank.
Ontko contacted the French and British authorities and was able to confirm the Montes' date of birth and hometown.
He was permitted to conduct his own defense and was sentenced to death on March 21, 1977.
My only crime is that I'm popular."
Yates also confessed to two murders committed in Walla Walla in 1975 and a 1988 murder committed in Skagit County.
His wife, Monique Olivier, exposed him after hearing the news of another child murderer's wife being convicted.
The Bloody Benders were a family of serial killers who lived and operated in Labette County, Kansas from 1871 to 1873.
However, some authorities believe they may have killed as many as 73, or more, victims.
Adelard Cunin, better known as George 'Bugs' Moran, was a Chicago Prohibition-era gangster.
Guerrero and Jack the Ripper were contemporaries and their modus operandi were similar—some authors compare the two men.
With his ability to mobilize the vote in Harlem and register immigrants, he delivered a significant number of ballots.
George Andrew Atzerodt was a conspirator, with John Wilkes Booth, in the assassination of U.S. President Abraham Lincoln.
As a juvenile at the time of the murder, he did not qualify for the death penalty.
He gained national prominence during the hunt for the killer of Samantha Runnion.
She finished two years in prison in 1936, then toured the United States with Dillinger's family for five years with their "Crime Did Not Pay" show.
Due to Levine's actions, the DOJ was forced to act and subsequently shifted hundreds of its inmates around the country to conform to the lawsuit's claims.
Môn, a member of the Nùng minority, was a poor rice farmer, and was said to have once suffered from an unspecified mental illness.
After extradition to New Jersey, he was convicted on five counts of first-degree murder and sentenced to five consecutive terms of life imprisonment without parole.
He can be considered for parole in 2036.
Van der Sloot was indicted by a federal grand jury in the United States for wire fraud and extortion related to Holloway's whereabouts.
As the brothers arrived in town Brooks was said to have killed all four men with four shots each.
He is said to have first become involved with drugs during the early 1980s shortly after his release from prison, for armed robbery.
Cobbins and Thomas were convicted and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
He fled the scene of the shooting with stolen cash and restaurant items.
Staff and clients overpowered him soon after.
They committed their crimes in the Alpine Manor nursing home, where they both worked as nurse's aides.
He is the son of patriarch Andal Ampatuan Sr., and his family continues to represent a powerful force in Mindanao politics.
There Kavanagh fired on two men who recognized him while on the run.
His nickname was Abu Fadel, he was a friend of Mohammed Bouyeri, the murderer of Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh.
William James Toye is an art forger in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
Barbara Marie Opel is an American woman convicted of murdering a 64-year-old man with terminal cancer in 2001.
He was executed at the age of 33 for a murder committed when he was 19.
Gaia Servadio, an English/Italian journalist who wrote a biography on Angelo La Barbera, described him as the symbol of the quick, clever gangster.
Murphy fled the area and returned to his home.
Edward Wilhelm Bentz was an American bank robber and Depression-era outlaw.
"Big Tim" Murphy was shot and killed as he answered the front door of his home on the night of June 26, 1928.
Jožef Meneder was Serbian-FR Yugoslavian mass murderer of Hungarian origin.
A group of lawyers and activists investigated the Stinney case on behalf of his family.
Darren Deon Vann is a suspected African-American serial killer.
Gerhartsreiter was arrested on August 2, 2008, six days after he abducted his daughter while she was on a visit.
His request for commutation of his death sentence was denied in 2010 after the families of his victims testified against him.
Eddie James is an American murderer and sex offender.
The magazine also calls him the "biggest drug lord of all time."
Debs was detained at HM Prison Barwon in Victoria.
Albert William Goozee was a British murderer and paedophile, whose crimes inspired the 1996 film Intimate Relations.
Pascal Simbikangwa is the former spy chief of Rwanda.
She was caught after a fourth intended victim survived and identified her.
Aleksandr Rubel is a serial killer convicted of six murders in Tallinn, Estonia.
Vito Roberto Palazzolo is an Italian businessman previously living in South Africa.
Vittorio "Little Vic" Orena is a New York City mobster who became the temporary acting boss of the Colombo crime family.
Sent to Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary in 1936, he was killed three years later while attempting to escape from the Rock.
The group was responsible for many acts of violence, including the November 1997 Luxor massacre, in which 58 foreign tourists and four Egyptians were killed.
He chaired the Oregon Republican Party in the early 1990s, opposing the far right Oregon Citizens Alliance.
Charles Denton "Tex" Watson is an American murderer who was a central member of the "Manson family" led by Charles Manson.
Although held in custody for several months, he was again released and returned to his villa on the southern coast of Spain.
Shaun Greenhalgh is a British art forger.
There he became interested in the rights of workers.
Girolamo Piromalli, also known as Mommo, was a historical and charismatic boss of the 'Ndrangheta, a Mafia-type organisation in Calabria.
He disappeared with Suzanne, her two sisters and infant brother while her mother was serving a 30-day jail sentence in 1975.
A terrorism enhancement was applied to his sentence, and McGowan was ultimately sentenced to 7 years' imprisonment.
Adolph Fischer was an anarchist and labor union activist tried and executed after the Haymarket Riot.
Barlow was born in the United Kingdom in Stoke-on-Trent and held dual British and Australian nationalities.
Bosavern is believed to have been mistakenly identified, although he was present at the time of the murder.
Herold surrendered, but Booth was shot and died a few hours later.
Hannes sentence at the trial in 1999 was 2 years and 2 months imprisonment and $110,000 fines.
The defense attorneys were, Isaac Strain, James P. Neal and Isaac Murphy.
He murdered nine people in a shooting spree on March 21, 2005.
However, Capone invited Belcastro to join the Outfit and he soon became a prominent member.
Alfaro stabbed Autumn 57 times, and then took whatever she could find that was of possible value.
He was arrested in May 2009 and was convicted in May 2011 for the double murders and sexual assaults.
While other members squandered their earnings, he invested his illicit proceeds.
His protection was the responsibility of twelve gunmen he called the "Twelve Apostles".
Robinson took St. George to a nearby cemetery where Robinson claimed that the two had consensual sex on the hood of a car.
On April 5, 2015, Saeed, along with some accomplices, murdered his fiance and nine of her relatives.
It was the largest mass murder in Connecticut history until the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting.
Süleyman Aktaş was employed as a worker at the Turkish Electricity Company in Denizli, Turkey.
Hubert Geralds, Jr., 34, was convicted in 1997 of murdering six women in Chicago’s Englewood neighborhood.
Francisco Xavier Arce Montes is a Spanish serial abuser and murderer who has been convicted of multiple counts of sexual assault and sexual abuse across Europe.
In accordance with his final request, Thompson's ashes were scattered over the waters of Lough Neagh in Northern Ireland by six of his anarchist friends.
She became his spiritual adviser and eventually wrote Dead Man Walking about her experience and her belief that the death penalty was morally wrong.
He allegedly killed his first victim in 1979 at age of 24.
In addition to its drug distribution networks, the group had been active in real estate ventures, weapons dealing and contract murders.
Louis "Louie Bagels" Daidone is a New York mobster and former acting boss of the Lucchese crime family.
Enraged that his partner had been killed in front of him and wounded himself, Rancour shot Crowley dead.
Donald Morrison was a Canadian outlaw, convicted of manslaughter, who became a folk hero.
The clan operated out of the predominantly Romani neighbourhood of Son Banya on the island of Majorca dealing heroin and cocaine.
However, the whereabouts of Motisi are unknown.
Sergio Enrique Ruiz Tlapanco is a Mexican drug lord of Los Zetas and one of the original founders.
Dunn had a long history of abusing boys between the ages of seven and fifteen years old, often videotaping them.
The perpetrator was never identified, and the murders remain unsolved.
In 1991, while Massino was in prison for a 1986 labor racketeering conviction, Rastelli died and Massino succeeded him.
Austrian psychiatrist Dr. Reinhard Haller diagnosed him with narcissistic personality disorder in 1994.
Darwin turned up alive in December 2007, five years after he was believed to have died in a canoeing accident.
As of 2017, he is serving his sentence of 315 years and 8 months to life at the Upstate Correctional Facility in Franklin County, New York.
Because of their youth and the premeditation of their crime, the two young men have been studied during and since their convictions.
Bird may have killed as many as 46 people.
Nannie Doss was an American serial killer responsible for the deaths of 11 people between the 1920s and 1954.
He was arrested, and was placed in Manisa Psychiatric Hospital after the court ruled his mental disorder.
Charles Arthur "Pretty Boy" Floyd was an American bank robber.
On June 28, 1994, over a month after the interview, Bemeriki claimed on-air that "Dallaire is the basis of this war."
His victims included two adult women; Paulinah Ledwaba and Elizabeth Senwamadi.
He is currently incarcerated at HMP Full Sutton maximum security prison in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.
The book was adapted into an Emmy-nominated 1990 TV miniseries of the same name starring Robert Urich and Joanna Kerns.
He was assisted by David Herold, who guided Powell to Seward's home and kept horses ready for the escape.
He swiftly gained control of criminal operations among the Soviet Jews living in Brighton Beach.
Shortly after arrest, she made an angry statement, alleging that the MRTA was not a terrorist group, but was a revolutionary movement.
Chase and Nelson continued to rob banks with John Dillinger until Dillinger's death in July 1934.
Heirens was called the Lipstick Killer after a notorious message scrawled in lipstick at a crime scene.
He had been admitted on May 5, 1976.
Both pleaded not guilty in January 2015.
Montes was sentenced to 30 years in prison on June 14, 2004.
Orville Lynn Majors is a former licensed practical nurse, and serial killer from Clinton, Indiana who was convicted of murdering his patients.
Robin Handique was a founding member of the banned terrorist outfit ULFA in Assam.
John Paul Chase was an American bank robber and Depression-era outlaw.
Brunner was subsequently arrested for numerous offenses, including credit card theft and armed robbery, and served a prison sentence at the California Institute for Women.
Francesco Paolo Augusto Calì, known as "Frank" or "Franky Boy", is the boss of the Gambino crime family.
He drifted through various cowboy jobs in Colorado and Texas, supposedly killing a man in a gunfight in the Texas Panhandle.
Edward Maurice "Ed" Mezvinsky is a former American congressman and convicted felon.
At the time of his death, Heirens was reputedly Chicago's longest-serving prisoner, having spent 65 years in prison.
He immediately fled the ensuing U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission investigation by living in a number of Central American and Caribbean countries.
His appeal to the Indonesian Supreme Court to have the sentence reduced to 10 years was rejected in January 2011.
Rachel Wade is an American woman who was convicted of murder in the second degree in the murder of Sarah Ludemann.
Showers is the father to 8 children
In his initial claim, Reavis claimed title to the grant via a series of conveyances.
He was the central figure in the Melbourne gangland killings.
She was called a "self-made widow" by a newspaper.
Joseph N. Gallo was not related to Joe Gallo of the Colombo crime family.
Before his capture, the I-5 Killer was suspected of multiple sexual assaults and murders.
Natale Iamonte was an Italian criminal and a historical boss of the 'Ndrangheta.
The crimes later spread north, primarily in the North Central area of Phoenix.
Knight later stated that he intended to massacre everyone in the clinic, and attack all Melbourne abortion clinics.
She is serving a life sentence at the Central California Women's Facility in Chowchilla, California.
Under Charles, Hale was made first Chief Baron of the Exchequer and then Chief Justice of the King's Bench.
On Friday, March 27, 1998, Holberg was convicted of the November 13, 1996, robbery and murder of 80-year-old A.B.
The United States government also charged Dalton in connection with convicted murderer Assata Shakur's escape from prison, along with Susan Rosenberg.
He admitted to more than thirty armed robberies of banks all over Spain, and was also convicted of the murder of two Civil Guards in Castejón.
This was however undone by the exploits of his family.
After trial, Yanming was sentenced to death and executed on January 18, 2005 in Pingdingshan.
Swart was spotted diving into a ditch after an officer fired at him.
An early New York gangster, Coleman was the original leader of the Forty Thieves, helping form the gang in 1826.
The Holloway and Flores cases both attracted widespread media attention; Time magazine declared Van der Sloot's arrest the top crime story of 2010.
Over the years Sixties and Seventies his power in Piedmont was equal to that of Antonio Macri in Calabria.
Good's Manson Family nickname is "Blue", which was given to her by Charles Manson to represent clean air and water.
He trafficked cocaine from Colombia into the United States and used construction and forestry businesses to launder money.
When a lodger in Hare's house died, he turned to his friend Burke for advice and they decided to sell the body to Knox.
John William Byrd, Jr. was executed by lethal injection for the murder of convenience store clerk Monte Tewksbury.
Svartenbrandt described himself as an "uncurable psychopath".
He was arrested in Kolkata by West Bengal Police on April 8, 1998 and put in judicial custody at Guwahati.
A major suspect in Hegyali's murder was fellow criminal Dino Dibra.
He became one of the most famous and powerful beer bootleggers in Philadelphia.
During the 2013 offseason, Hernandez was arrested and charged for the murder of Odin Lloyd, a semi-professional player who was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee.
Elias Abuelazam is an Israeli-Arab convicted murderer, and suspect of racial serial killing and multiple stabbings.
Mauno Olavi Laiho was the last Finn to be executed in Finland.
Napper has been diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia as well as Asperger's syndrome.
In apparent retaliation for his role as an informant, ADM investigated Whitacre's activities and, upon discovering suspicious activity, requested the FBI investigate Whitacre for embezzlement.
On March 25, 2010, Gonzalez was sentenced to 20 years in federal prison.
Morris Solomon Jr. is a convicted serial killer now sitting on death row in San Quentin, California.
Sara Jane Moore is an American citizen best known for attempting to assassinate US President Gerald Ford in 1975.
The shooting rampage came to be known as the Columbine High School massacre.
Before being caught on June 18, 1996, Seda killed three people and wounded five others.
She is also the wife of the outfit’s finance secretary Chitrabon Hazarika.
Julius Krautz, Prussian state executioner, beheaded Hödel on 16 August 1878 in Moabit prison.
Todaro's execution set up another wave of violence.
Provenzano believed he was Jesus Christ and also compared his execution with Christ's crucifixion.
His DNA matched the DNA previously secured from the victims.
From October 1989 to April 1991, Schmidt murdered five women and an infant.
The cartel was created by the four Beltrán Leyva brothers: Héctor, Alfredo and Arturof Family: Adriana Karla daughter.
In 1984, Pelton had faced financial difficulties as a result of increasing homeowners' taxes and a mounting series of necessary repairs on his private residence.
He had served seven years of a 20-year sentence, and was paroled in 1990.
After police searches, the remains of seven women were discovered in total: five at Truro, one at Wingfield, and one at Port Gawler.
Phoenix police spent thousands of hours patrolling and following up on hundreds of tips during the summer of 2006.
On February 7, 2017, a newspaper reported an imminent plea bargain.
He pleaded insanity, but to no avail, and was hanged at Armley Prison in Leeds, on 15 August 1905.
One of Al Capone's top henchmen, Nitti was in charge of all strong-arm and 'muscle' operations.
Blake died on 21 March 2010 at the age of 53 after being admitted to University Hospital of the West Indies for a heart attack.
The arrival of firefighters added to the confused scene illustrated by a reporter from Newsweek, who described an incident between a firefighter and a federal agent:
Pennell was also suspected of the August 1988 murder of Margaret Lynn Finner, 27.
He was convicted of the 1985 murder of 21-year-old Sherry Byrne, the wife of a college fraternity brother.
Most sources place the murders at Berkerekul, Yugoslavia, or Bečkerek, which changed the name to Zrenjanin in 1946.
On April 22 Lindgren confessed to six of the assaults.
Hasan Izz-Al-Din is an alleged member of Hezbollah.
At the time of his death, he was in the maximum security Acacia unit of HM Prison Barwon near Geelong.
This was a result of his large family, and his reliance on state benefits.
Guglielmo della Porta, Italian architect and sculptor
He bled to death after being stabbed, beaten with a hammer and repeatedly kicked by a gang of British Muslim youths.
Kenneth "Supreme" McGriff is a convicted American drug trafficker and organized crime figure.
At the age of 16, Petric shot both of his parents over a disagreement about video games.
Andrew George Scott, also known as Captain Moonlite, was an Irish-born Australian bushranger and folk figure.
Following the collapse of the interim government and the victory of the RPF, Renzaho fled to Zaire.
In July 2008 the appellate court upheld the convictions, rejecting all of the defense's arguments.
He was arrested on April 4, 2006, at his home in Silver Spring, Maryland.
In October 2012 it was announced Patterson will face extradition by South Korean police after a DNA test indicated he was the killer.
According to a report of Children's Rainbow Center, writer Kenji Yamamoto referred to the incident as unbelievable and unbearable.
He was indicted on federal racketeering charges in 1990, but was determined to be mentally unfit to stand trial.
He was sentenced to life imprisonment for this crime and is set to remain in prison until at least 2041.
Ignoring opportunity costs and taxes paid on fictitious profits, half of Madoff's direct investors lost no money.
On 15 May 2015, he was barred from practising medicine in Australia.
Msomi initially raped and murdered a young woman in the presence of his mistress, whose blood he kept in a bottle.
Joseph Paul Jernigan was a Texas murderer who was executed by lethal injection at 12:31 a.m.
O'Dell regularly traveled with the bodies of the corpses.
Zeev Rosenstein is an infamous drug trafficker and was born to a Romanian father and a Mountain Jewish mother in Yafo, Israel.
Many of the survivors developed posttraumatic stress disorder as a result of psychological trauma.
Glenn Lee Benner II was a convicted murderer, executed by the State of Ohio.
He had never been tried or convicted of any murder.
As a judge, Hale was noted for his resistance to bribery and his willingness to make politically unpopular decisions which upheld the law.
His aliases included Joseph "Joe" Morris, Joe Marvin, William "Bill" Delaney, and Edward "Eddie" Delaney.
As of 2012, Fatehi's whereabouts were reported to be unknown to concerned supporters outside of Iran.
Thompson was of Irish extraction, his parents having emigrated to the United States in the early twentieth century and settled in Huntington, West Virginia.
Daisy withdrew on the date Justice Greenberg sentenced her for murder.
However, in 1998, Prisco was allowed to plead guilty to the arson only and was sentenced to 12 years in New Jersey state prison.
Lawrencia Ann "Bambi" Bembenek, known as Laurie Bembenek, was an American former police officer convicted of murdering her husband's ex-wife.
He and a friend were allegedly on their way to Chechnya to fight for the jihad against Russia.
Richard Francis Cottingham is an American serial killer from New Jersey operating in New York between 1967 and 1980.
At 10:00 AM on April 29, 2003, Brewer was led into the execution chamber at the state prison in Lucasville, Ohio.
Holleeder is nicknamed The Nose because of the size of his nose.
Major Christopher P. West also faced bribery charges.
He was chairman of Bank Melli Iran until September 2011 and chairman of Bank Sepah’s board of directors from December 2003 until at least March 2005.
He got interested in politics during his high school years.
Krishna Maharaj is is a Trinidadian businessman.
On November 1, 2010, Marjorie Diehl-Armstrong was found guilty of participating in the crime, and was sentenced to life plus 30 years on February 28, 2011.
Marshals Service case file remains open and active, however, and Morris and the Anglin brothers remain on its wanted list.
Federal agents, led by Melvin Purvis and Samuel P. Cowley, moved to arrest Dillinger as he exited the theater.
Police did not know his identity until 3 months after his arrest, even though his photographs were published in major newspapers.
Mel Ignatow was a resident of Louisville, Kentucky, U.S., who murdered his former girlfriend, Brenda Sue Schaefer, in 1988.
He is most known for being able to confuse Japanese police into believing that he was only connected to fraud rather than the murders.
His job was to protect and oversee the Outfit's illegal casino profits.
Murao published about eighty issues of the quirky review before his death.
He was arrested, tried, and executed for war crimes by the US government after the war.
When the Outfit complained, Antinori refused a refund.
Arrested on February 16, 1972, Nagata was tried and convicted for her participation in the killings, and was sentenced to death.
Activities ranged from drug trafficking, extortion and the control of nearly all commercial businesses in the Gioia Tauro plain.
Speculation still surrounds Hahneman's motives for the crime.
Five judges joined in Fletcher's dissent and five more stated that Cooper has never had a fair hearing to determine his innocence.
Her case made international headlines due to allegations of bondage sex, decapitation, castration, and cannibalism.
Subsequent appeals, including to the Supreme Court, were rejected, and a fourth execution date was set for September 21, 2011.
The Constance Kent case in 1865 raised a series of questions about priest–penitent privilege in England.
Responsible for the murders of eight men, he and his gang terrorized the Indian Territory for over two years.
Carpenter killed at least 10 people, with one attempted victim, Steven Haertle, surviving.
He was an organized, sedentary, and missionary killer who was motivated by hatred.
Police said he possessed a federal firearms license and permit to carry a concealed weapon.
Their stories have been featured on BBC Three's Teen Killers: Life without Parole, originally shown on April 21, 2014.
On March 28, 1984, the jury recommended the sentence of death.
It is unusual for bank robberies to be well thought out, as they are usually crimes of opportunity.
The homicide investigation became known in Peru as "The Mystery of the Butterfly."
He ordered Canning's arrest, following which she was tried and found guilty of perjury.
The FBI learned via an informant that Camacho had escaped to the town of Arcelia, in Guerrero State, Mexico.
Leading to his final arrest and sentencing to three life terms without the possibility of parole.
In 2002 he was included in the list of most wanted fugitives in Italy and was captured in September 2005.
The chain-reaction collisions resulted in the deaths of 11 people.
Her transition in prison, the support provided by the prison system, and disagreement over placement in male versus female prison, has been the subject of debate
Barton had worked as a construction laborer and horse trainer and had served time in prison before the murder.
Five months later, he pled no contest.
Carl "Charlie" Brandt was an American serial killer.
Edward Simpson was a British geologist and forger of antiquities, such as arrowheads and fossils.
The story appears in The Newgate Calendar, a crime catalogue of Newgate Prison in London.
His wife, Munfiatun, was jailed in June 2005 for concealing information about his whereabouts.
Baumeister committed suicide before he could be brought to trial, and never confessed to the crimes he was alleged to have committed.
Mr. Silveria was also convicted in Kansas for the killing of Charles Randall Boyd, and in Florida for the killing of Willie Clark.
Those charged with recovering the missing money believe the investment operation may never have been legitimate.
A "spiv", described as the Australian equivalent of the 'American bootleggers', his crimes ranged from pickpocketing, assault and shopbreaking to armed robbery and murder.
He was executed by a firing squad on December 26, 2003.
In 1988, he kidnapped and sexually abused three children, and was sentenced to 14 years imprisonment.
Police also used sniper teams, helicopters, dogs, armoured anti-terrorist police vehicles from Northern Ireland, tracker Ray Mears, and even a Royal Air Force jet for reconnaissance.
Morris is also considered the chief suspect in the deaths of Margaret Reynolds and Diana Joy Tift.
At the time of his death in August 2015, Contreras was serving 59 unappealable sentences totaling 529 years in prison for kidnapping, forced disappearance and assassination.
Williams plead not guilty but was convicted on all counts and was sentenced to death on the four aggravated murder convictions.
The heroin was valued at around A$4 million and was bound for Australia.
He was initially sentenced to 22 years in prison, after cooperating with the government in testifying about al-Qaeda and associated terrorist networks.
Genna masterminded the assassination of O'Banion in November 1924.
After a few years in regular employment, he fell into financial difficulty, was dismissed for theft, and became a street peddler.
A self-declared fitness fanatic who has spent many years in segregation, Bronson dedicated a book to exercising in confined spaces.
Human rights activists have expressed doubts that Tibo, and the other men, were the masterminds of the riots.
Browne is also self-professed serial killer, alleging that he killed 48 people, mostly women and one in South Vietnam during his time in the US Military.
Christopher Newton received the death penalty for the 2001 aggravated murder of his cellmate, Jason Brewer.
Ike Bloom was an American businessman, cabaret and nightclub owner in Chicago from the turn of the 20th century and throughout Prohibition.
He is currently serving seventeen and a half years in prison for his part in the so-called Kids for Cash scandal.
Guarino "Willie" Moretti, also known as Willie Moore, was a notorious underboss of the Genovese crime family and a cousin of the family boss Frank Costello.
Valérie Bemeriki was a presenter on the Rwandan radio station Radio Télévision Libre des Mille Collines, which played a significant role in promoting the Rwandan Genocide.
Kerry Lyn Dalton was convicted of first-degree murder in May 1995 and sentenced to death by lethal injection the same year.
He was acquitted for the 1993 murder of a man whom he claimed he stabbed in self-defense.
After this accident, he killed police superintendent Nuri Keskin in Antalya in 1986.
Peter James Knight is an anti-abortion activist who shot dead a security guard in an Australian abortion clinic.
Larry Earl Fisher was a Canadian who was convicted in 1999 of a murder he committed 30 years earlier.
May 2008 in Massachusetts for the TJ Maxx case
Patrick James Whelan was a suspected Fenian sympathizer executed following the year 1869 assassination of Canadian journalist and politician Thomas D'Arcy McGee.
Crawford Burnett, being probably not guilty of the murder itself, refused to testify against his wife.
He was previously convicted of the 1993 double murder of Samantha Bisset and her daughter Jazmine.
Loving, a private in the United States Army, was sentenced to death following his conviction for murdering two taxicab drivers on December 12, 1988.
Kuhl's trial, which began in September 1917, was noted to be the first time palm prints were used as evidence in a U.S. courtroom.
His leadership, however, was disputed by Servando Gómez Martínez and Enrique Plancarte Solís who left the organization and formed the Knights Templar.
The McLaury brothers repeatedly threatened the Earps because they interfered with the Cowboys' illegal activities.
Special police units, supported by three helicopters, surrounded the farmhouse knowing that Bellocco was inside.
Following his release from prison he returned to Philadelphia, Mississippi and worked a variety of jobs.
Scott Lee Peterson is an American prisoner currently on death row in California, convicted of murdering his pregnant wife, Laci Peterson, in Modesto, California, in 2002.
In 1915 he was killed by a rival gang.
He escaped from the hospital, but was apprehended in the coach terminal.
He was sentenced to eleven life sentences.
In 1990, Kosilek strangled wife Cheryl McCaul, killing her.
Msomi was arrested a month later for petty theft.
Marco D'Amico is a Chicago mobster and a high-ranking member of the Chicago Outfit crime organization.
In February 1921, Murphy was charged with involvement in organizing the theft of $400,000 from a Pullman mail train at Chicago's Union Station in August 1920.
Michael Anthony Rizzitello, also known as "Mike Rizzi", was an Italian American mobster in the Los Angeles crime family.
Ross was also the first artist signed to Diddy's management company Ciroc Entertainment.
Parole Officers searched Mark Goudeau's residence and found a ski mask and a realistic "toy" handgun.
Stewart's son, who was 11 months old at the time, was being treated in hospital for asthma and pneumonia when he was infected with the virus.
She is also president of Executives of Construction Party women's league and the former editor-in-chief of Zan newspaper.
He died of AIDS-related complications in 2003.
He is currently incarcerated at the Oregon State Penitentiary.
McGriff was released from prison on parole in early 1994 after serving approximately seven years of his sentence.
Ernest "Hoppy" Rossi was a follower of Frankie Yale and friend and associate of Al Capone before he moved from Brooklyn to Chicago.
The British government submitted a statement to the Court in Bali alleging unlawful behaviour towards Sandiford by officials at the time of her arrest.
He has received sentences for attempted murder, assault, robbery, and dealing narcotics and has spent more than half of his life in correctional institutions in Sweden.
Dany “Dany Boy” Kane was a Canadian criminal who was a compliant police informant at the same time.
Sometime later, Lavinia and Crawford eventually settled in Arkansas.
However, the 17-year-olds lacked proper passports and clothing and had to return to the Netherlands.
She was convicted on January 6, 2014, and sentenced to 10 years.
It was believed to be the largest insurance failure in history at the time.
William Oliver Reese is a US Navy airman who, on January 3, 2006 murdered 56-year-old Japanese woman Yoshie Sato in Yokosuka, Japan.
Holbert now operates and chairs "Los Reos Unificados," a syndicated Christian inmate organization, on the national level in the Republic of Panama.
Moat also made threats, in two letters and several phone calls, that he would kill any officer who attempted to stop him.
But we never killed anyone for money, but for a cause—the liberation of Palestine."
Brack was sentenced to death in 1947 and executed in 1948.
He was later fatally shot and run down by two witnesses, when cycling away from the crime scene.
Phin's brother Ike Clanton had an ongoing series of conflicts with Deputy U.S.
In early 2012, MTV named Ross as the Hottest MC in the Game.
He was implicated in the May 1979 assassination of United States District Judge John H. Wood Jr. in San Antonio, Texas.
The case gained additional notoriety because the killers made video recordings of some of the murders, with one of the videos leaking to the Internet.
The Beltrán Leyva brothers, who were formerly aligned with the Sinaloa Cartel, are now allies of Los Zetas.
For many years he was among the most-wanted international fugitives.
Parsons hitched a ride with Ernest in California and stabbed him to death at a remote rest area in Utah.
After his release, he retired as a celebrity in Paris.
On April 28, 2011, they pleaded guilty to Dugard's kidnapping and sexual assault.
He committed these crimes with his 15-year-old son Michael.
The two became embroiled in a bitter feud which pitted Jones and his associates on one side, and Max B and his affiliates on the other.
The operation took place across the entire Northumbria Police area, which covers both the metropolitan county of Tyne and Wear and the county of Northumberland.
His cult members nicknamed him The Godfather.
Following a streak of financial and ethical grievances, Max B parted ways with Jones in 2008.
He did not revise that statement when it became clear that that status would not help him in sentencing.
He contributed millions of dollars to politicians in both Antigua and the United States amongst other countries.
Minerva Burnett is said to have moved to Texas after the trial and hanging.
Very is openly homosexual and he confessed that most of his victims were also homosexual men.
On July 25, 2012, Scrushy was released from federal custody.
She shouldn't have made me move like that.
Rodger exchanged gunfire with police twice during the attack, receiving a non-fatal gunshot to the hip.
In 1912, he became the boss of the mafia gang that later became known as the Bonanno crime family.
Gerald Armond Gallego and Charlene Adell Gallego are two American serial killers who terrorized Sacramento, California between 1978 and 1980.
The arrests were made as part of the FBI's Operation Backfire.
Carl Anthony Williams was an Australian convicted murderer and drug trafficker from the state of Victoria.
He appeared in a number of television shows and films, including The 40-Year-Old Virgin.
Deshmanya Deshabandu Jeewaka Lalith Bhupendra Kotelawala is a Sri Lankan businessman, who was the chairman of Ceylinco Consolidated.
She was the former chief assistant for the Indian mystic Rajneesh.
For his last meal he ordered two cheeseburgers with lettuce and mayonnaise and French fries with ketchup, and drank one Dr Pepper and one Mountain Dew.
Officially Cottingham killed six people but he claims between 85 and 100 murders.
At Wells' house in Enfield Wash, Canning identified Mary Squires as another of her captors, prompting the arrest and detention of both Wells and Squires.
Commonly referred to as the Oklahoma City bombing, the attack killed 168 people and injured over 600.
He implicated Terry Pinfold and Harry MacKenney in the murders, but they were released in 2003 after the judge ruled that Childs is a "pathological liar".
Margaret Catchpole was an English adventuress, chronicler and criminal.
He was the youngest son of Ma Barker, all of whose children were criminals.
They made off with $400 in cash, and some other goods and rode off into the night.
Following a failed narcotics deal with a Cuban drug cartel that Rosenberg stole from, DeMeo killed Rosenberg as restitution.
Several times she stated her innocence, but she was eventually hanged.
Ira Samuel Einhorn, known as "the Unicorn Killer", is an American environmental activist convicted of murdering his ex-girlfriend Holly Maddux.
She is currently on California's death row.
He met his molestation victims through The Second Mile; they were participating in the organization.
The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole.
He was under treatment for depression, and had been prescribed Prozac as an anti-depressant.
On August 18, 2009, Prisco was sentenced to life in prison for the Sanguiolo murder.
Joseph Kallinger was an American serial killer who murdered three people, including his teenage son, and tortured four families.
He was apprehended at an Internet café in Berlin while reading news about himself in June 2012.
Huguely was tried and found guilty of Love's murder.
Subsequent to the murder, he demanded a $10,000 ransom.
He was stationed at Fort Hood, Texas at the time of the murders.
Goad's fortune was once estimated to be around £25 million.
During the final years of the American frontier, he became one of the most hunted in the Old West since Jesse James.
Süleyman Aktaş is a Turkish serial killer.
Tibble chased Quinn on his motorbike and, while attempting to stop him, was fatally shot twice in the chest.
At the subsequent trial Burke was found guilty of one murder and sentenced to death.
A reward of 5 million dollars is currently being offered for information leading to his arrest and conviction.
On December 7, 1935 he was convicted of first degree murder in the death of special agent Nelson B. Klein by a Federal court jury.
Carlos Eduardo Robledo Puch, also known as "The Death Angel" and "The Black Angel", is an Argentine serial killer.
Police say that the shell casings found at each of the crime scenes all came from the same gun.
Eduardo Almanza Morales is a Mexican drug lord of Los Zetas.
James Urban Ruppert, is an American murderer, who was responsible for one of the deadliest shootings inside a private residence in US history.
He was discovered by the couple's daughter, Laura, who subsequently told their neighbours about what had happened.
She was also known as "The Ogress of Colonia Roma", "The Female Ripper of Colonia Roma" and "The Human Crusher of little angels".
Currently he is in Wyoming Medium Correction Institute.
In 1961, she died of heart disease at the Shelby County Hospital in Memphis.
In 2001, he returned to the United Kingdom and spent several years in prison, where his health rapidly declined.
The removal of internal organs from at least three of the victims led to proposals that their killer had some anatomical or surgical knowledge.
The WVHA was, among other things, responsible for the administration of the Nazi concentration camps.
The Nighttime Killers is the media epithet for the killers responsible for a string of brutal murders in Kiev, Ukraine between 1991 and 1997.
On January 24, 2013, a U.S. federal court sentenced Headley to 35 years in prison for his role in the Mumbai attacks.
Whitehorn served 14 years in prison for her connection to a 1983 bombing at the U.S. Capitol.
Gordon received much support from his family and friends and maintained his innocence.
Van der Graaf appealed for the reduction of the sentence to 16 years, but on 18 July 2003, the appeals court upheld the previous sentence.
Eighteen-year-old former student Sebastian Bosse shot and wounded five people and set off several smoke bombs before committing suicide.
Pakistan's Special Services Group also took part in the operation.
He was convicted twice for a total of five murders.
A century later, on June 13, 1985, the Texas Legislature passed a resolution noting that Rodriguez did not receive a fair trial.
He also got severely into debt to finance the traditional funeral feast.
All charges of terrorism were dropped but he was not released from prison.
Stacey Ruth Castor was an American convicted murderer from Weedsport, New York.
On both occasions, the judge recommended that he should never be released.
Barton's uncle and 17-year-old daughter witnessed the shooting.
In August 2015, he was found guilty of attempted murder, assault and kidnapping, among other things.
The campaign began in the summer of 1995.
She was sentenced to death by lethal injection for the murders of her husband and stepson in October 2002.
He was a longtime criminal associate of the Karpis-Barker Gang and most notably Baby Face Nelson who later brought him into the John Dillinger gang.
At his trial, he was found guilty of murder and sentenced to death; this sentence was later reduced to life imprisonment.
Leonard Keith Lawson, better known as Len Lawson or Lennie Lawson, was a bestselling Australian comic book creator, successful commercial artist and photographer.
Méndez took control of the cartel after its former leader, Nazario Moreno, was allegedly killed in a shootout with Mexican Federal Police on December 9, 2010.
After joining the Genovese family, Ardito became a button man, or killer, in the crew of Michele Miranda.
Alerted by his sons, federal authorities arrested Madoff on December 11, 2008.
Sharif Mobley was initially arrested in Yemen January 26, 2010 by Yemeni counter-terrorism officers and charged with terrorism.
In October 1997, Alig pled guilty to first-degree manslaughter.
Documents revealed the names of the many policemen, politicians, judges, public servants, and other prominent people who were profiting from his illegal activities.
Several of them testified against Sandusky in his sexual abuse trial.
He was arrested again on December 15, 2010, in San Francisco for stealing two antique maps.
The Board denied clemency and, on September 21, it refused to reconsider its decision.
Fisher, who had previously served a total of 23 years for numerous rapes committed in Manitoba and Saskatchewan, was handed a life sentence.
Many of the victims were working as prostitutes, and Atkins said he was motivated by a hatred of prostitution.
He is also known as Ciruzzo 'o milionario among other aliases.
He was sentenced to 35 years in prison.
Eklund's case became the most noted and followed criminal case in Sweden during 2008, along with the crimes of Christine Schürrer.
Bhupinder "Bindy" Singh Johal was an Indian born gangster who was raised in, and operated in, British Columbia, Canada.
He did not contest the murder charge and vowed that he would kill again if he was not executed.
She then began directly murdering children she "adopted", strangling at least some of them, and disposing of the bodies in order to avoid attention.
She escaped this punishment by committing suicide while in jail in Landskrona.
His name then tarnished by scandal, he was succeeded by Enoch "Nucky" Johnson as leader of the organization.
He is credited with introducing the Thompson submachine gun to Chicago's underworld.
Jane Toppan, born Honora Kelley, was an American serial killer, nicknamed "Jolly Jane".
Quansah was initially arrested in 2000 for the murder of his then-girlfriend Joyce Boateng.
Carty claims she was framed by drug dealers in response to her work as an informant and has appealed her conviction.
Pamela Joan Rogers is an American former elementary school physical education teacher and coach who taught in McMinnville, Tennessee.
He acquired millions of dollars this way; estimates report the amount at between US$5 and $25 million.
American Prison Consultants also operates under the synonymous name of Wall Street Prison Consultants.
He was convicted for 12 sexual assaults and 10 murders, and sentenced to life imprisonment.
On January 25, 1947, Capone died of cardiac arrest after suffering a stroke.
Leo had five other brothers, with whom he formed a bootlegging and drug trafficking gang.
They were suspected in the disappearances of 18 women in Illinois in 1981 and 1982.
The judge said an expert on serial killers had described Sidyno as a psychopathic, sadistic sexual murderer, adding that Sidyno could therefore not be rehabilitated.
Patricia Dianne Krenwinkel is an American murderer and a former member of Charles Manson's "Family".
The organization is connected with the assassinations of numerous Mexican law enforcement officials.
Fish confessed to three murders that police were able to trace to a known homicide, and he confessed to stabbing at least two other people.
Lawrence Kavanagh was hanged with 11 others on 13 October 1846.
In 1987, McNair murdered one man and shot a second man four times during a botched robbery.
Keith George Faure, from Norlane, Victoria, is an Australian career criminal, convicted of multiple murders and manslaughters.
A siege lasting over forty hours developed, during which police officers made repeated attempts under fire to retrieve the body of the slain officer.
In 2004, following an investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Scrushy had charges brought against him by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
The victims were all black girls between the ages of 10 and 18.
In 1993, Escobar was shot and killed in his hometown by Colombian National Police, one day after his 44th birthday.
The abduction of Elizabeth and her rescue were widely reported and were the subject of a made-for-television movie and a published book.
He attempted suicide in his prison cell on 16 October 2014 by slashing his wrists with a smashed light bulb.
He nailed the couples Ayşe and İsmail Güneş, and Rukiye and Ramazan Kocatepe in the eyes and heads.
Giuseppe "Joe" Zangara was the assassin of Anton Cermak, the Mayor of Chicago.
The case was described by the prosecutor in Baniszewski's trial as "the most terrible crime ever committed in the state of Indiana".
Helge Arnold Fossmo is a pentecostal pastor sentenced to life imprisonment for solicitation of the Knutby murder in Sweden in 2004.
He married late in life and four years later died after contracting pneumonia.
Dennis Howard Marks was a Welsh drug smuggler and author who achieved notoriety as an international cannabis smuggler through high-profile court cases.
He is known as the most prolific hit man in the UK.
After a criminal trial on 14 February 2006 Czugal was sentenced to life imprisonment.
According to the martial law in force during the war, Koljonen was sentenced to death for the six murders.
He was released on parole on September 11, 2009 after 63 months in jail, the original sentence being 90 months.
Liddy was convicted of burglary, conspiracy and refusing to testify to the Senate committee investigating Watergate.
At times, he was #1 on the FBI's 10 most wanted list.
This led to revelations from other pentiti allowing an insight into the Camorra from the insider's point of view.
Samuel A. Carlisi also known as "Black Sam" and "Sam Wings", was a Chicago gangster who was in the Chicago Outfit criminal organization.
He was killed, along with his 11-year-old son, by Saudi authorities in a series of raids in April 2005.
Randall is currently an inmate in the Charlotte Correctional Institute serving out two life sentences.
NSW Police Commissioner Andrew Scipione described the event as a politically motivated act of terrorism.
Chapman shot Lennon outside the Dakota apartment building in Manhattan.
Shortly afterwards, he was moved to a maximum security prison where he was subjected to solitary confinement until July 1993.
Eberhart slowly reached under the car seat for his wallet and handed $15 to Anderson.
Merlino was serving his time at the Federal Correctional Institution, Fort Worth.
After returning to Belgrade in 1991, he survived five assassination attempts.
A search of his apartment found ammunition and bomb materials.
She was convicted of murder in Texas in 1984 and put to death fourteen years later.
Minor de Jesus Calvo is a Catholic priest and radio personality born in Costa Rica, convicted of fraud and accused of murder in 2007.
Berry and Lozar then buried Mitroff in a shallow grave near a bridge and stole his van.
Martha was convicted for the murder of Louis Juncken, brother of her fiance Otto Juncken, on 15 May 1894.
Abdullah Shah was an Afghan serial killer found guilty in Kabul of killing more than 20 people, including his wife.
Witnesses present included representatives of the Afghan police, the Attorney General's office and doctors.
His execution remains as controversial today as it was in 2002.
In June 2011 Holst-Cappelen was sentenced to 18 years imprisonment in Sweden.
As of November, 2007 he is understood to be living in and around the Marbella area.
Anderson spoke of "robbing somebody," and the pair armed themselves with weapons: Dennis with a sawed-off shotgun and Anderson with a .25 caliber handgun.
"Geezer Bandit" is the name given by the FBI to a man who was robbing banks in Southern California.
Edith Jessie Thompson and Frederick Edward Francis Bywaters were a British couple executed for the murder of Thompson's husband Percy.
Jost was involved in espionage matters as the Sicherheitsdienst or section chief of office VI of the Reichssicherheitshauptamt or RSHA.
Calva has been accused of murder in up to eight separate cases, all involving women.
He continued to use the surname Gardiner when he moved to the United States.
Giuseppe Graviano is an Italian mafioso from the Brancaccio quarter in Palermo.
At the time of his death, he was suffering from kidney disease and undergoing dialysis.
Smith was released only to be incarcerated for a second time for the kidnapping and attempted murder of Lefteriya Ozbun in 1976.
Umbra Amiril Kato was the founder of the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters a group which seceded from Moro Islamic Liberation Front.
After Climbié's death, the parties involved in her case were widely criticised.
At the capital trial, a defense psychologist testified that Newton had several mental health disorders, including "mood disorder" and symptoms of PTSD.
Gomes da Rocha has claimed to have gained murderous urges after being sexually abused by his neighbor at age 11.
A film about Abbott, The Postcard Bandit, was made in 2003.
Eventually Pelton revealed that he had provided answers to questions from the Soviets in return for $35,000.
In January 2008 Ravindra Kantrole was convicted of a seventh murder, that of a homeless man.
Du Jun is a Chinese businessman and financier with origins in Beijing.
In later life Kent changed her name to Ruth Emilie Kaye.
He was convicted of multiple cases of child sexual abuse.
Page committed suicide by shooting himself in the head after he was shot in the stomach by a responding police officer.
On 4 September 2014, 82-year-old Palmira Silva was beheaded in her back garden in Edmonton, London, by 25-year-old Nicholas Salvador, who was on a rampage.
On 30 May 2014 the Gloucestershire Echo indicated she would be released in June 2014.
Five days after the acquittal, Hernandez was found dead in his cell by hanging, which was ruled a suicide.
Peter Stumpp was a German farmer, accused of werewolfery, witchcraft and cannibalism.
In 1982, he was again found guilty of all 25 homicides.
Ražnatović was up until his death the most powerful crime boss in the Balkans.
Fraud was suspected; but investigations were obstructed by powerful Austrian politicians who were friends of Proksch.
It has been speculated that Laak was killed by the Israeli Mossad.
In July 2008 the appellate court upheld the convictions, rejecting all of the defense's arguments.
At its height in the late 1990s, the cartel was believed to be responsible for supplying nearly half the cocaine sold in the United States.
At the time of her death, Atkins was California's longest-serving female inmate.
Reverend Clarence Virgil Thompson Richeson was executed for the murder of his fiancee Avis Willard Linnell.
Mary Jane Fiesta Veloso is a Filipino woman who was arrested and sentenced to death for smuggling heroin into Indonesia.
She remains the only woman ever executed in South Australia and is buried between the outer and inner prison walls.
Initially sentenced to ten years in prison, he agreed to a plea bargain and served 46 months from 1985 to 1989.
Family underboss Carlo Gambino and Luciano crime family capo Vito Genovese had been plotting to assume power in their respective families.
A neighbour attempting to assist the police was also shot.
After Ferriola died, Carlisi became the new boss.
The identity of the Cincinnati Strangler is commonly believed to be former cab driver Posteal Laskey Jr.
He is a former WEC Lightweight Champion, and former UFC Lightweight Championship contender.
The result of this marriage was five sons and two daughters.
Harry "Pete" Pierpont was a Prohibition era gangster.
Cribb applied for a non-parole period to be set in 1993, with the application heard by Justice Peter Newman.
He then started working as a Mafia enforcer for what was then the Luciano crime family.
On November 9, 1971, he killed his wife, mother, and three children in their home in Westfield, New Jersey, then disappeared.
Kobayashi already had a record as a sexual offender at that time.
After several bungled bombings, Ramírez Sánchez led the 1975 raid on the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries headquarters in Vienna, which killed three people.
The 2007 Melbourne CBD shooting was an incident that occurred in the Central Business District of Melbourne, Victoria on 18 June 2007.
Following his ouster, Schiro returned to Sicily.
Though Green has petitioned for a new trial twice in recent years, her requests have not been successful.
In 2003, he divorced his second wife Erica, who allegedly suffered from a bipolar disorder.
In August 2015, the state of Connecticut abolished the death penalty.
Moran was shot dead outside his Aberfeldie home, allegedly by Carl Williams, just after 8 pm on 15 June 2000, aged 35.
Frank Beck was an English convicted child sex offender.
Ingti Kathar Songbijit is a militant leader who once led the secessionist faction of National Democratic Front of Bodoland in North-East India.
A heavy smoker, she died at the age of 75 after suffering from emphysema.
He joined Refco in 1981 and became the firm's Chief Financial Officer in 1983.
Stroud was convicted of first-degree murder and sentenced to hang, but after several trials, his sentence was eventually commuted to life imprisonment.
He was convicted on 15 April 2003 and sentenced to 18 years in prison.
Kane was found dead of an apparent suicide in the garage of his suburban Montreal home in the summer of 2000.
After investigation, it was determined by authorities that Lynn Turner had murdered both her husbands by poisoning them with ethylene glycol-based antifreeze.
Abbas was released from imprisonment in the UK in 2003, and is thought to be living in West London as of that year.
He was executed following the 1979 revolution in Iran.
He was later convicted of attempting to assassinate United States President Bill Clinton and sentenced to 40 years in prison.
His executioner, John Billington, died two months later due to a fall he had sustained while preparing for Tattersall's hanging.
Cole died after serving 14 years in prison, but was posthumously pardoned.
His quote "..I'm still around" has been sensationalized by Canadian pop-culture.
She stabbed him to death and then skinned him.
On the day that the Holtzclaw trial opened, the courtroom was almost empty.
Pierre and Andrews were both sentenced to death for murder and aggravated robbery while Roberts, who had remained in a getaway vehicle, was convicted of robbery.
Ellsworth Raymond Johnson — known as "Bumpy" Johnson — was an American mob boss and bookmaker in New York City's Harlem neighborhood.
He died of a heart attack about one year after his convictions in two cases.
Belkacem was arrested in Whitechapel, London on 22 June 2005 on request of the Dutch authorities.
The letters and the trick did not set Opdam free, however.
Hardin Sharp moved to Benton, Missouri where he married Lucinda Beck then both to Jobe, Missouri.
In October 2003 Azzouz and four others were arrested in the Netherlands.
On May 9, 2006, Jeanson James Ancheta became the first person to be charged for controlling large numbers of hijacked computers or botnets.
In May 2008 Shakur pleaded no contest to carjacking and robbery charges, and was sentenced to six years in state prison.
He was known as the Omaha Sniper, Phantom Sniper, and the Sniper Bandit.
Solly escaped from custody in 1974 and spent the next 27 years living under numerous pseudonyms.
Narayan Sai was released from Surat Jail on interim bail on 26 May 2015 to attend to his ailing mother Laxmi Devi in Ahmedabad.
The FBI raided three of Stanford's offices in Houston, Memphis, and Tupelo, Mississippi.
Crowley would later influence the image of the archetypal Irish gangster, although he wasn't Irish.
Moran was a long term associate of Graham Kinniburgh after meeting as workers on Melbourne's waterside.
Lo Piccolo long supported Provenzano's policy of not directing violence toward the state and preferred arbitration as means to settle conflict between rival mafia factions.
Francisco Antonio García López, also known as Toño Bicicleta, was a Puerto Rican criminal famous for escaping from jail several times.
In October 2009 Sergeant Ana C. Chavez, who served at the base in 2005–2006, pleaded guilty to taking US$90,000 in bribe payments.
He was detained for six years at the Naval Consolidated Brig at Charleston, South Carolina in solitary confinement.
For his role in these crimes, Braune was tried before the Nuremberg Military Tribunal in 1948 in the Einsatzgruppen trial.
Governor William Hodges Mann declined to commute the death sentence, despite a plea from Virginia's mother, Charlotte Christian, who wrote to him:
Four Afghans who were alleged to have been among those who issued the bribes were tricked into entering the US on August 25, 2008.
Michele Greco was a member of the Sicilian Mafia, previously incarcerated for multiple murders.
Moran, married to Judy Moran, was the father of murdered Melbourne underworld figure Jason Moran, murdered in 2003, and stepfather of Mark Moran, murdered in 2000.
According to Azerbaijani authorities, Safarov was pardoned in compliance with Article 12 of the convention.
Bramblett shot and killed the Hodges family in their home before setting it on fire, and in 1997 was sentenced to death for the murders.
Prominent politicians and leaders, including former President Jimmy Carter, Rev.
On February 16, 2011, Muse was sentenced to over 33 years in U.S. federal prison.
They plan to erect electronic billboards nationwide and other forms of exposure for the push.
Nicole Abusharif is an American woman, convicted of the 2007 Villa Park, Illinois murder of her domestic partner, Rebecca "Becky" Klein.
Four men and three women between the ages of 16 and 29 were targeted.
His nickname "News" was given to him because he enjoyed seeing his name in newspaper stories of his gang's exploits.
He imported more high-grade ganja than anyone, tons at a time, planeload after planeload."
Umbra Kato was the Philippines' most wanted man though due to his still official membership in the MILF he was not hunted by the military.
As the FBI handler for Bulger and Flemmi, Connolly had been protecting them from prosecution by feeding Bulger information about possible attempts to catch them.
Frazier Glenn Miller Jr., commonly known as Glenn Miller, is a former leader of the defunct North Carolina-based White Patriot Party.
He stopped his assault when two people came across the scene and recognised Murphy.
The crimes, which became known as the Houston Mass Murders, came to light after Henley fatally shot Corll.
On 1 March 2017, the Court of Appeals ruled that solitary confinement did not violate Breivik's rights.
Hegyalji was murdered within months of his release.
The officers returned fire, striking him in the head.
Garrett Brock Trapnell was a con man, bank robber, and aircraft hijacker of the 1960s and early 1970s.
He is the former boss of the New England-based Patriarca crime family, which is part of La Cosa Nostra.
In February 2010 an appellate court held his sentence to be too lenient, and ordered that it be extended.
At times he passed by detectives with such cool reserve that they did not suspect him, unwittingly having him inches within their grasp.
Toye, his wife, and Robert E. Lucky, a New Orleans art dealer, were indicted on charges of conspiracy to commit mail fraud in 2010.
Family members have many convictions for criminal offences including drug trafficking, arms dealing and armed robberies.
He killed one person in 1932 and was later sentenced to death after being convicted of killing seven others in 1945 and 1946.
At the time, however, her body had not been positively identified, and inquiries quickly established that some aspects of his account were false.
Yavuz Yapıcıoğlu is a Turkish serial killer and arsonist.
They were tried and convicted together for the murder of Irene Silverman, along with 117 other charges.
Court-appointed psychologists deemed Throneberry to not be delusional, and that she knew what she was doing.
He defended himself by saying that Lowe's death was an accident and that a friend of his killed the Damudes.
Represented by Manuel Azevedo, he was denied bail in August 2006, and again in December 2008 by judge James MacPherson.
Richard Trenton Chase was an American serial killer who killed six people in a span of a month in Sacramento, California.
The murders also sparked debates in the media over the laws surrounding prostitution.
Prem Prakash Singh is a dreaded contract killer, gang leader and politician from Eastern Uttar Pradesh, India.
Mas Selamat Kastari, an Indonesian-born Singaporean, was for more than a year Singapore's most-wanted fugitive after escaping from detention on 27 February 2008.
He believes that "only Paresh Baruah will be able to resolve the issue of Assam."
He was not hanged because he was captured as an enemy combatant and not by the civilian police service.
Restrepo was wanted by Colombian authorities on charges of illegal drug trade, illicit enrichment and illegal arms possession.
The following day four other men were killed nearby.
Nardong Putik ability to elude the law and his enemies made him a legend to many people.
A Democrat, he represented Iowa's 1st congressional district in the U.S. House of Representatives for two terms.
They were captured on October 21, 1991  and sentenced to 40 years in prison, the maximal conviction in Tamaulipas state at this time.
Taylor said he chose this method of execution to embarrass the state of Utah.
He murdered at least six children in Los Angeles County, California between 1953 and 1970.
It had been packed with Styrofoam pellets, air fresheners, and newspapers.
"Dandy" Johnny Dolan was a New York City murderer and reputed leader of the Whyos street gang.
The trial began on January 17, 1977.
He sent his son Santo Trafficante Jr. to New York City to learn from other mobsters.
He effectively served 2/3rd of a six-year prison sentence in Saltvik Prison for numerous sex crimes.
Wilson Raj Perumal is a convicted Singaporean match-fixer.
In 1842 he escaped and returned to Sydney.
While awaiting trial, Rocky Barton was held in the Warren County Jail in Lebanon, Ohio.
Five days after the guilt phase of the trial, the penalty phase commenced, and on April 14, 1988, the three-judge panel sentenced Smith to death.
After serving four years of his sentence, Jones was released on March 20, 2014.
Cherkes Ahmet was the leader of Ottoman Turkey's state-sponsored paramilitary marauders of supposedly Circassian origin during World War I. Cherkes Ahmet was from Serres, Macedonia.
Eventually, following overwhelming evidence and comments from the judge to his legal defence, he pleaded guilty.
Colin Pitchfork is a British convicted murderer and rapist.
Along with Richard Hickock, Smith took part in the burglary of the Clutter family farmhouse.
He is known for having stolen 11.6 million euros from the Banque de France while on duty.
The "Zebra" murders were a string of racially motivated murders that took place in San Francisco, California, from October 1973 to April 1974.
Capone was convicted and sentenced to 11 years in federal prison.
He would then be permitted to address the crowd, his last words were:
Albert Edward Horsley, best known by the pseudonym Harry Orchard, was a miner convicted of the 1905 political assassination of former Idaho Governor Frank Steunenberg.
Spilotro replaced Outfit member Marshall Caifano in Las Vegas.
Buenoano is also believed to have been involved in a 1974 murder in Alabama.
Judge Jeffrey Sherlock granted Smith a stay of execution so his civil lawsuit challenging the constitutionality of lethal injection could be decided.
Robert Charles Bropho was a Ballardong Noongar Australian Aboriginal rights activist and convicted serial child sex offender from Perth, Western Australia.
A two-hour search eventually led to the discovery of Bellocco's hideout.
In 2011 Holst-Cappelen was accused of kidnapping two Swedish millionaires.
Between 1979 and 2007 he wrote many books, articles, about Rwandan History.
Roland Bondonny was a wealthy vintner and conservative politician who lived in France, in Égletons in Corrèze and also in Fourmies in Nord.
He is married to Pranati Deka, the arrested Cultural Secretary of the group.
During Goad's ill-health Operation Emotion II had been underway by police and had persuaded 17 victims to testify at trial against him.
The grand jury indicted them and Ike was killed while resisting arrest.
Anthony "Tico" Antico is a New York mobster and a reputed captain in the Genovese crime family.
Daniel Camargo Barbosa was a Colombian serial killer.
He stole $8 from her purse, $4 in loose change, and her television set which he sold for $125.
It took over two hours and 10 attempts before the execution was completed.
Edson Cholbi Nascimento, usually known simply as Edinho, is a former Brazilian football goalkeeper.
The Burke and Hare murders were a series of 16 murders committed over a period of about ten months in 1828 in Edinburgh, Scotland.
He was sentenced to life imprisonment on September 27, 2001.
On arrival at Tyburn, Austin's cart would have been positioned under a beam and a noose attached around his head.
OKC Artists for Justice, an Oklahoma City-based advocacy group, was founded by two Oklahoma City residents to organize support for the women.
On March 12, 2009, Madoff pled guilty to 11 federal crimes and admitted to operating the largest private Ponzi scheme in history.
A Zulu man, Msomi was an unsuccessful young sangoma.
In 1902, Jackson fired four shots at Detective Edward Reardon, for which he served 30 months in Sing Sing.
George Engel was an anarchist and labor union activist executed after the Haymarket riot, along with Albert Parsons, August Spies, and Adolph Fischer.
Pinochet came to power in a violent 11 September 1973 coup which deposed Socialist President Salvador Allende.
He is thought to have strangled her before setting her body on fire near a recreation ground.
The execution was botched; Wilkerson took up to 27 minutes to die because the firing squad missed his heart.
In 1954, however, Lawson kidnapped, assaulted and raped five models.
The revelations were confirmed by a FIFA report, excerpts of which appeared on the New York Times a month after the book's publication.
Once he was caught, he confessed to killing and eating at least 10 men over a period of two years preceding his arrest in 1999.
He was charged with being a member of a terrorist organisation.
Experts and victims' rights advocates, however, believe that Rifkin's recent statements have no value.
He was sentenced to life imprisonment for aircraft hijacking, kidnapping and extortion, serving 12 years.
Joseph "The Builder" Andriacchi has been reported by Chicago newspapers to be a high-ranking member of the Chicago Outfit criminal organization.
As head of Communication Coffin, an advertising agency based in Montreal, Quebec, Coffin was contracted by Public Works Canada to handle sponsorship deals on their behalf.
Thomas J. Grasso was a 32-year-old male executed by lethal injection at Oklahoma State Penitentiary, McAlester, Oklahoma, United States, on March 20, 1995, for two murders.
He has been running the clan together with his brother Pasquale for over thirty years.
Their eventual capture was, in fact, a direct result of one of these copycat kidnappings, of which they themselves were wrongly accused.
Today the Morello crime family is known as the Genovese crime family and is the oldest of the Five Families in New York City.
Though he had up to 43 different aliases, he became known as "Mr Nice" after he bought a passport from convicted murderer Donald Nice.
During that time, three couples were murdered and one couple is missing and presumed to be dead.
Nineteen-year-old Carnes escaped the death penalty after some corrections officers who had been taken hostage testified that he had refrained from following instructions to kill them.
Shaikh's defence team pleaded ignorance of the existence of the drugs, although his lawyers said that the evidence against Shaikh was "overwhelming".
He was officially released on parole on June 27, 1919.
After open street warfare with Monk Eastman's gang, Kelly and Eastman were ordered by Tammany Hall officials to end their competition with a boxing match.
In response to this debate, two new Firearms Acts were passed, which greatly restricted private ownership of firearms in Great Britain.
In early 2010s, after Ranjan Daimary was arrested, a section of his group, now called NDFB(R), agreed to engage in talks with the government.
Coulibaly had pledged allegiance to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant.
Rene Walter Rivkin was an Australian entrepreneur, investor, investment adviser, and stockbroker.
In English this moniker has been translated as Bikerbank or the Motorcycle Bandit.
He was the boss of the Mafia family in the Uditore district in Palermo and one of the protagonists in the First Mafia War.
Montes left a swath of other offenses across Europe.
He pleaded guilty before a panel of three judges and asked for a death sentence, which the judges handed down.
Convicted on October 10, 2003, Barton spent 2 years, 9 months, 3 days on death row.
All three women disappeared in similar circumstances after attending night spots in Claremont, leading police to suspect that an unidentified serial killer was the offender.
Sarah Evelyn Isobel Payne, an 8-year-old school girl, was the victim of a high-profile abduction and murder in England in July 2000.
Deronjić was arrested in Bosnia on 7 July 2001.
He used these skills to extort money from business owners in Chicago's Little Italy district during the 1910s.
This followed the murders of Michael and Tony Spilotro, in which Carlisi had supposedly been involved.
He is still under investigation for murders in Georgia, Illinois, New Mexico, Oklahoma, and Texas—some of which carry the death penalty.
His killing spree began in 1992 and ended in 2003, and claimed the lives of seven women.
Allen triggered the shooting at the Carroll County Courthouse in Hillsville, Virginia on March 14, 1912, in which five people were killed and seven wounded.
He managed New Ross swimming pool for more than two decades.
Her final application for appeal was rejected by the High Court in August 2014.
While Kitty McGown and Bunty Kate quickly found another pimp, Lizzie the Dove and Gentle Maggie went into mourning.
He was sentenced to 13 terms of life imprisonment, with no possibility of release.
See Jordan Belfort who is also known as the "Wolf of Wall Street", the subject of a 2013 film
This was the first time that the term "genocide" had been used to characterize the crimes committed against political prisoners during the "Dirty War.
He entered homes at night dressed in a rubber mask and nail-studded wristlets, attacking women and children.
Edwin Umaña Ramos is a Salvadoran gang member and convicted triple murderer.
He was born in the Manhattan Gas House District on Nov. 1879 to Irish immigrant parents.
The Bellocco clan is one of the most powerful groups in the 'Ndrangheta.
The jury was not convinced, and convicted him of 10 counts of kidnapping, burglary, robbery and sexual abuse.
He is currently serving a sentence of life imprisonment without the possibility of parole for that crime.
This was a respected decision since the New York bosses and Tampa mobsters liked Santo Jr.
Webb was going by the name of Jim Webber and worked as a construction worker.
His ambitious goals include "making Gome one of the 500 largest companies in the world by 2008".
Ugueth Urtaín Urbina Villarreal is a Venezuelan former relief pitcher in Major League Baseball.
Arthur Frederick Goode, III was a convicted child murderer who was electrocuted in Florida in 1984.
He was charged in April 2010 with an additional 58 offenses in relation to the abuse of 24 additional victims.
By orders of the conductor, who was worried they would kill the passengers, he let the bandits in the train.
She was given a life sentence for the attempted assassination and was released from prison on December 31, 2007, after serving 32 years.
During the military rule, tens of thousands of political dissidents were killed or "forcibly disappeared".
David G. Meirhofer was an American serial killer who committed four murders in rural Montana between 1967 and 1974 — three of them children.
Andrea Pia Kennedy is a former resident of Houston, Texas, who confessed to drowning her five children in their bathtub on June 20, 2001.
In particular, she was allegedly denied the right to examine the government's evidence and witnesses.
In July 2006, Belkacem was found dead in his house in Zierikzee.
The subsequent report by Laming made numerous recommendations related to child protection in England.
Dennis John Whitty was, along with his accomplice Russell Pascoe, the third-to-last prisoner to be executed by hanging in a British prison.
The crime took place in Lewisville, Texas in 1983.
Justin Sneed, the man who murdered Van Treese, agreed to plead guilty in exchange for testifying against Glossip, and received a sentence of life without parole.
The brothers then used the boys' car as their getaway car when they robbed a San Diego bank.
Smith was apprehended after he contacted West Midlands Police saying that he wished to make a statement about Corcoran's disappearance.
Giovanni Passannante was an Italian Republican who attempted to assassinate king Umberto I of Italy, the first attempt against Savoy monarchy since its origins.
After a criminal trial, Sukumaran was sentenced on 14 February 2006 by the Denpasar District Court to execution by firing squad.
Lydia Sherman, also known as The Derby Poisoner, was an American serial killer and addicted to murder.
To this day he still has bullet fragments in his heart.
Very Idham Henyansyah, also known as Ryan, is an Indonesian convicted serial killer.
Nichols was sentenced to 161 life terms without parole.
Agron was the subject of the musical The Capeman by Paul Simon.
Other members Si Yi Chen, Michael Czugaj, Renae Lawrence, Tan Duc Thanh Nguyen, Matthew Norman, Scott Rush, and Martin Stephens were sent to prison.
Rodney James Alcala is a convicted rapist and serial killer.
While living in Southend, he started frequenting the Coleherne pub, a gay pub in west London.
Along with Gilberto Rodríguez Orejuela and Miguel Rodríguez Orejuela, Santacruz-Londoño was a leader of the Cali Cartel.
Henry and Lanfranchi were also heroin dealers and armed robbers, while Flannery specialised in contract killing.
Tharcisse Renzaho is a Rwandan soldier, former politician and war criminal.
Corby was convicted on 27 May 2005 for the importation of 4.2 kg of cannabis into Bali.
He provided the details of Docherty's murder and confessed to all 16 deaths; formal charges were made against Burke and his wife for three murders.
He is one of the founder members of the group.
In 1998, Ray died in prison of complications due to chronic hepatitis C infection.
He was originally sentenced to 55 years with a 40-year non-parole period, but that was modified several times upon appeal.
On April 4, 1895, Blake was tracked to a hideout in Major County, Oklahoma, by a posse led by Deputy Marshal Will Banks.
Among his crimes is the 1989 bombing of Avianca Flight 203, which killed 110 civilians.
He eventually was captured and arrested in Atlanta, Georgia on January 20, 1962.
Michael S. "Mike" Carona is a convicted felon and former Sheriff-Coroner of Orange County, California.
She committed one of the last recorded stagecoach robberies in the United States; her crime gained notoriety primarily because of her gender.
Even so, one chief felt that Msomi might return after death as a tokoloshe himself.
Though he was not definitively linked to any murders after 1977, he remained a fugitive throughout the 1980s, and finally surrendered to police in 1994.
He was arrested but released shortly after on bail; an incident that prompted heavy condemnation of the ruling party by the PAT and PTI.
She arrived in Turkey five days before the attacks.
Harvey said he started out killing to "ease the pain" of patients.
Harold H. Thompson was an Irish-American anarchist activist and prisoner.
Khan was considered to be Guyana's most powerful drug lord.
Much folklore and legend surrounds the Benders, making it difficult to separate fact from fiction.
For the radio character, see Earl Pitts.
His trial was notable and controversial because of his defence of amnesia and the use of expert witnesses to determine whether his illness was real.
In 1995 Vargas began serving a six-year prison term, during which he survived an assassination attack when his rivals set off a bomb at his jail.
Daglis subsequently confessed to the previously unsolved murder of a prostitute whose dismembered body was found in a dumpster in 1992.
Conflicting reports emerged about the manner of his death.
At the time, the crimes were characterized as among the most notorious in U.S. history.
He also goes by the name Robert von Palace Kolbatschenko.
Based largely upon Fields' testimony, Robinson was convicted and sentenced to death in June 1986; Fields was sentenced to life in prison.
The Flat-Tire murders refer to five connected, unsolved murders in Dade County, Florida in 1975.
For example, the charge that Ujaama was involved in possibly seeking to poison water supplies with links to the Al-Qaeda network.
He is currently incarcerated at Bellamy Creek Correctional Facility in Ionia, Michigan as Michigan Department of Corrections inmate number 842658.
Gray continued to protest his innocence saying that although he was at the bridge at the time, he was smoking cannabis in a nearby car.
"Hanging judge" Isaac Parker presided over the executions, which were held at Fort Smith.
He was captured and sentenced to Port Arthur for attempted murder.
Atefeh's father had passed her birth certificate to the civil authorities, lawyers involved, journalists and Judge Rezai.
He died of prostate cancer while serving two sentences of life without parole in a Michigan prison for the murders of Helen Dutcher and Gloria Steele.
He was elected to the European Parliament from the National Front for the Île-de-France constituency in the 2014 European Parliament election.
He married the widow of one of his victims eight days after killing her husband.
His gang known as Los Negros collapsed by 2011.
His prior convictions include a 1986 conviction for robbery and attempted murder.
Louis "Louie HaHa" Attanasio Jr. is a New York mobster and reputed captain in the Bonanno crime family.
Jones didn’t give up his hold until random bullets got him in the wrist and leg.
Notable for his involvement in the Melbourne gangland killings, Moran was shot dead in a Melbourne hotel The Brunswick Club in 2004.
He confessed to five murders of which he was convicted of four, but is suspected of committing up to 131 in total.
Apprehended shortly after the murders, Schoenwetter confessed and pleaded guilty to all charges.
Wayne Nathan Nance was a suspected American serial killer native to Montana.
In May 1984, Zuern, who was awaiting trial for a murder in Cincinnati, was incarcerated at the Community Correctional Institute in Hamilton County, Ohio.
Four days later on 3 January 1976 he killed sixteen-year-old Stephen Wilson at a bus stop in Eastburn, West Yorkshire.
The FBI sent an informer to make contact with Aref through Hossain, to try to get them to participate in an illegal arms deal.
Gilles de Rais is believed to be the inspiration for the 1697 fairy tale "Bluebeard" by Charles Perrault.
Todaro's birth name was Agosto Arcangelo, but he later changed it to Salvatore Todaro.
As the trial approached, Chapman instructed his lawyers that he wanted to plead guilty, based on what he had decided was the will of God.
According to police he is a moderate who favours a political solution to insurgency in Assam.
He is currently serving ten consecutive life sentences at El Dorado Correctional Facility in Kansas.
Miranda Barbour and her husband, Elytte Barbour, were found guilty and sentenced to life in prison in September 2014.
The lawyers for Suprunyuk and Sayenko launched an appeal, which was dismissed by the Supreme Court of Ukraine in November 2009.
Andrew Philip Michael Ibrahim is a British Muslim convert, also known as Isa Ibrahim after his conversion to Islam.
David Barksdale, also known as King David, was an American gang leader from Chicago, Illinois.
A native of Oregon, Woodfield was convicted of three murders and is suspected of killing up to 44 people.
Following the Haysoms' murders, Haysom and Söring were arrested in London, England, for check fraud and shoplifting.
On May 25, 2015, it was reported that James is facing additional sexual assault charges in Swift Current, Saskatchewan.
He was convicted of three murders and confessed to at least five.
Later that day, UVA men's lacrosse player George Wesley Huguely V, originally of Chevy Chase, Maryland, was arrested by Charlottesville Police.
Bradley John Murdoch is an Australian criminal serving life imprisonment for the July 2001 murder of English backpacker Peter Falconio in Australia.
In 2012, journalist Paula Todd found Homolka living in Guadeloupe, under the name Leanne Bordelais, with her husband and their three children.
Igor Kenk is known since 2008 as the most infamous and prolific bicycle thief in Canada.
Kendall Francois was an American serial killer from Poughkeepsie, New York, convicted of killing eight women, from 1996 to 1998.
Beate Schmidt is a German serial killer.
In 2006, he was extradited to the United States pending charges on drug trafficking in a California federal district court.
David Hotyat was charged on 11 April 2003 for the vanishing and the killings of a real estate promoter named Xavier Flactif.
Ashworth took $40 and three credit cards from Baker's wallet and went back to the Wagon Wheel.
He said that she was sexually abused by her step-dad and wanted to send her soul to God.
Saul and Howlett were later convicted of the murder of ship watchmen Charles Baxter and sentenced to be executed.
Ford didn't resist when police asked her to exit her car.
Pitchfork raped and murdered two girls in Leicestershire, the first in Narborough, in November 1983, and the second in Enderby, in July 1986.
The son of the High Sheriff of Shropshire, he was convicted of murder in 1491.
Although motivation for the murders is unclear, the killers were led by Bunting to believe that the victims were paedophiles, homosexuals or "weak".
He converted the top floor of the farmhouse into a workshop where he produced forgeries of coins and banknotes.
Reddy exploited the Indian caste system to bring young Indian women and girls to Berkeley, California.
The orders for retrials of Davidson and Cobbins were subsequently overturned by the Tennessee State Supreme Court, and their convictions and sentences stand.
He died at Mendota Mental Health Institute of cancer-induced liver and respiratory failure at age 77 on July 26, 1984.
He is considered a prime suspect in the infamous St. Valentine's Day Massacre of 1929.
He is currently Tasmania's longest-serving prisoner for a single offence.
She had secured most of the insurance policies herself.
He was, instead, convicted and jailed for several instances of perjury in his grand jury testimony for the case.
For many years, he supported the Samajwadi Party headed by Mulayam Singh Yadav, but the gang switched to Mayawati's Bahujan Samaj Party in mid-2000s.
Scientific American has called Reuben the medical equivalent of Bernie Madoff, the former NASDAQ chairman who was convicted of orchestrating a $65-billion Ponzi scheme.
In April he was acquitted of the illegal possession of a firearm.
In 2009, the Rome prosecutor's offices investigated why De Pedis was entombed in the Vatican-owned basilica.
On June 13, 2011 Betty Neumar died in a Louisiana hospital of an undisclosed illness.
He is the subject of an HBO documentary Virtual Corpse and also appeared on the British video game TV series, GamesMaster's gore special.
Gary Ray Bowles is an American serial killer who was sentenced to death for the murder of six men.
In 1957, Ford shot her second husband in self-defense before turning the gun on herself.
Nicknamed "The Screwdriver Killer", he is considered the killer with the greatest number of victims in Turkey.
In September 2010, Lewis became the first female inmate to die by lethal injection in the state of Virginia.
Padilla was arrested in Chicago on May 8, 2002, on suspicion of plotting a radiological bomb attack.
With Moat believed to be sleeping rough, police found Moat's abandoned camp-sites and property as he evaded capture.
Others stated that Colt was living in California with his wife, Caroline.
The local mayor said the murders would become a demarcation point in the history of the place.
In middle school, he was diagnosed with a severe anxiety disorder with selective mutism, as well as major depressive disorder.
Maeue suffered from a paraphilic psychosexual disorder which translated into being unable to achieve sexual release in the absence of performing an act of strangulation.
He is believed to have been involved in about 30 rape, murder, and robbery cases across Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh.
Fort was also convicted of drug trafficking in 1983 and sentenced to 13 years in prison.
During his trial, it was revealed that Atkins himself was raped at age 10 and had witnessed his mother engage in prostitution.
Maurice Clemmons was an American who was responsible for the November 29, 2009, murder of four police officers in Parkland, Washington.
Sentenced to life imprisonment, Lawson died in prison in November 2003.
Robert Oakley Marshall was an American businessman who in 1984 was charged with the contract killing of his wife, Maria.
Cowan was sentenced to life imprisonment, on 13 March 2014 in a trial that attracted worldwide attention.
Martha M. Place was an American murderer and the first woman to die in the electric chair.
He had close relationships with numerous Indiana politicians, especially Governor Edward L. Jackson.
Philippine government officials claim that he was shot while trying to escape from the New Bilibid Prison.
He is known as "The Werewolf Butcher".
He worked alongside his brothers Héctor, Carlos, and Arturo.
She was the first woman in the United States to be executed after the 1976 resumption of capital punishment and the first since 1962.
53-year-old Deputy Sheriff Harry Dalton was wounded and suffered brain damage becoming partially paralyzed eventually dying from his injuries 7 years later in 1991.
Sergeant Andrew Wall, a Victoria Police fingerprint expert, matched two fingerprints found on the top of the FJ Holden car owned by Heywood.
He was convicted of the kidnapping and murder by strangulation of Quebec cabinet minister Pierre Laporte in 1970.
On March 30, 2012 Palazzolo was arrested by Interpol at Suvarnabhumi Airport in Bangkok, Thailand.
He also killed five youths, only two of whom could be identified; Ronald Maoka and Emmanuel Mavuka.
In 1989, he returned to Vienna, incognito, but was recognized and arrested.
He was the boss of the Mafia family in the Corso dei Mille neighbourhood in Palermo.
Sheela moved to Switzerland, where she married, purchased two nursing homes, and was subsequently convicted of "criminal acts preparatory to the commission of murder".
Headley was prosecuted by a Mumbai special court in early February 2016, via a video link from his prison cell in the United States.
There he flourished, and some years later left it a rich man.
They received the "speed freak" moniker due to their methamphetamine abuse.
His critics cited him as the epitome of Wall Street greed during the 1980s, and nicknamed him the "Junk Bond King".
The FBI indicted members of Gotti's crew for selling narcotics, and Gotti took advantage of growing dissent over the leadership of the crime family.
Dubbed "The Master of Fear" by the West German press, Mielke was one of the most powerful and most hated men in East Germany.
He was arrested in 1996 and has been in prison ever since, though he briefly escaped in April 1998.
On June 22, 2012, Sandusky was found guilty on 45 of the 48 remaining charges.
In 2001, he was convicted of storing stolen explosives and owning two machine guns, sentenced to 37 months in prison and three years of supervised release.
On 23 February 2012, Alabama judge Tommy Nail dismissed the murder case due to lack of evidence.
It was the worst shooting rampage in Dallas-Fort Worth history at that time.
On October 22, 1940, Ignacio Antinori was sipping coffee at the Palm Garden Inn in Tampa with a friend and a young female companion.
He is best known for his role in the Rwandan Genocide.
An unsuccessful attempt to pump poison gas directly into his cell at Nevada State Prison led to the development of the gas chamber.
After spending four and a half years in prison in Požarevac, he was released on January 9, 2009.
Rodrigo Muxfeldt Gularte was a Brazilian citizen who was executed in Indonesia by firing squad for drug trafficking.
Blay was the last female executed by New Hampshire.
Following Safarov's pardon, Armenia severed diplomatic relations with Hungary and immediate protests broke out in Yerevan.
Amassing wealth and political power in Indiana politics, he was one of the most prominent national Klan leaders.
He let her go, boarded the bus and surrendered himself to authorities without resistance.
He admitted his role in the Chicago Outfit in federal court in 1995.
The following year, Gäfgen was convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment.
In November 1995 Rose was convicted of ten murders and sentenced to ten life terms with a whole life order.
Hasan Izz-Al-Din is a Lebanese national wanted by the United States government.
The suicide attempt failed, and Lhermitte was taken into custody and charged with first-degree murder.
The Pace trial resulted in a death sentence.
Zhang Yongming was a Chinese serial killer who was convicted of, and subsequently confessed to, the murder of 11 males between March 2008 and April 2012.
He soundproofed a truck trailer that he called his "toy box", and equipped it with items used for sexual torture.
He was only 28 years old when he was executed in 1921.
A further announcement on October 27 authorized the use of 250 Thompson machine guns specifically to be used for guard duty.
Two of his sons were involved in multiple conflicts in Cochise County, Arizona Territory including stagecoach robbery and cattle rustling.
Robert Andrew McGladdery was the last person to be executed in Northern Ireland.
The exact victim total remains unknown and may be significantly higher, according to local authorities.
He is currently serving life sentence in the Netherlands convicted of murder, drug smuggling and other charges.
Craig Chandler Price is an American serial killer who committed his crimes in Warwick, Rhode Island.
He was linked by DNA to 7 of the victims, and confessed to all 11 murders.
A later request for a new trial was denied.
Later he became radicalised and went to Pakistan and Afghanistan, where he trained and became a member of al-Qaeda.
He was known as Piddu and his rivals the Castellammarese knew him as Peter Morello.
Law enforcement authorities continued gathering evidence against Gotti that helped lead to his downfall.
Laporte's strangled body was found in the trunk of a car on October 17.
At his trial Baker claimed that he was tricked by his travelling companion, James Prunier, into carrying the drugs through customs in a false-bottomed suitcase.
Joseph Lewis Clark,, was executed by the State of Ohio.
In a manifesto letter, Kelly—denouncing the police, the Victorian government and the British Empire—set down his own account of the events leading up to his outlawry.
Crosbie, who often spoke of "killing somebody" to be reunited with his older brothers in prison, was nineteen at the time of the murders.
Prosecutor General Yury Chaika accused him of banditry and organizing a gang.
Dernley later related that Inglis practically ran to his execution, following the prison guard's advice to go quickly and "without fuss".
Schaefer frequently appealed against his conviction, yet privately boasted — both verbally and in writing — of having murdered more than 30 women and girls.
He was born 1958 in Hozat, Tunceli Province.
Due to their father's drug profits, Christopher and his siblings grew up amidst wealth and attended elite private schools.
He was arrested at Narita Airport on 13 April 2002 and found guilty by the Chiba Prefecture District Court in June 2003.
His son, Clive Planta, was a member of the British Columbia Legislative Assembly at the time of the elder Planta's conviction.
Dunn fled the country, but was later found in Honduras after being tracked down by Australia's 60 Minutes program.
He has been referred to as "The Dumbest Don".
He is currently incarcerated at San Quentin State Prison.
In 1980, she smothered her five-month-old son, Ronald Winters III.
However, videotapes of the crimes surfaced after the plea bargain and demonstrated that she was a more active participant than she had claimed.
Tattersall, from Wakefield, was a notorious drunk.
After a nationwide manhunt, Elisa was captured in Florida and arraigned for first-degree murder.
They fought for control of the island against the rival Beach Gang led by Ollie Quinn and Dutch Voight.
In 2000, following a change of government in Peru, her conviction was overturned and she received a new trial.
Gorton was then proven to be the rapist by matching the DNA of his semen with that of the samples taken from the two murder victims.
The murder and subsequent execution is the theme of Eoin McNamee's 2010 novel, Orchid Blue.
No motive was established for the murders.
Due to the fact that his death occurred while the murder conviction was under appeal, the conviction was vacated.
On January 28, 1974, Porter pleaded guilty to the charge of lying to the FBI during the early stages of the Watergate investigation.
In 2001, several of the Northern California rapes were linked by DNA to murders in Southern California.
Frederic De Frouville was an American noted for committing a murder-suicide in Washington, DC.
Solomon Dwek of Deal Park, a neighborhood in Ocean Township, New Jersey, United States, is a convicted felon of Sephardic Syrian Jewish descent.
In 2005, Czugaj was arrested at Ngurah Rai International Airport in Denpasar with 1.75 kg of heroin concealed on his body.
Some estimates say he raped more than 100 women.
Ferlinghetti and Peter Martin, the co-founder of City Lights, hired Murao as a clerk soon after the store opened in June 1953.
The murder of Suzanne Capper was committed in Greater Manchester, England in December 1992.
Lucchese and Vincenzo Puccio murdered their boss Giuseppe "Pino" Greco in 1985.
Michael "Mickey" Duffy, also known as John Murphy and George McEwen, was a Polish-American mobster and rival of Maxie "Boo Boo" Hoff during Prohibition.
Police found 334 g of heroin in a suitcase in the room.
Kathleen Megan Folbigg is an Australian serial child killer.
Bankers complained that they had alerted Økokrim about problems with T5PC as early as summer 2003.
After his significant weight loss attributed to eating Subway sandwiches, Fogle was made a spokesperson for the company's advertising campaigns from 2000 to 2015.
the Trailside Killer, is an American serial killer known for stalking and murdering women on hiking trails near San Francisco, California.
Bychkov is believed to have killed up to 11 people based on evidence discovered from his home.
He was a capo in the Chicago Outfit, an organized crime syndicate, and oversaw the syndicate's labor racketeering efforts.
Raymond Martinez Fernandez and Martha Jule Beck were an American serial killer couple.
Austin was brought from Newgate prison in the City of London by cart to the gallows.
Future public hangings were now conducted on a scaffold named the "new drop" outside the Newgate.
Domenico Rancadore is accused by the Italian government of being a past boss in the Sicilian Mafia also known as Cosa Nostra.
Bropho was leader of the Swan Valley Nyungah Community settlement for over 40 years until its closure in 2003.
He served from 1994-2007 as Judge on the Court of Common Pleas.
Jerome "Jerry" Rosenberg was an American convicted murderer.
The shooting spree resulted in 16 deaths, including the suicide of the perpetrator, 17-year-old Tim Kretschmer, who had graduated from the school one year earlier.
Antonio Nirta was a boss of the 'Ndrangheta, a Mafia-type organization in Calabria, Italy.
He murdered numerous women and girls in Washington State during the 1980s and 1990s.
Edward Theodore Gein, also known as The Butcher of Plainfield, was an American murderer and body snatcher.
Together with the other members of "The Wild Bunch" gang, they performed the longest string of successful train and bank robberies in American history.
There has been extensive debate about the play's portrayal of Jews and how Elizabethan audiences would have viewed it.
He was recaptured by Mexican marines and Federal Police following a shootout on 8 January 2016.
Henry Newton Brown was an American Old West gunman who played the roles of both lawman and outlaw during his life.
The events have made appearances in literature, and been portrayed on screen, either in heavily fictionalised accounts or as the inspiration for fictional works.
Matti Haapoja was a Finnish serial killer who was much covered by the press at the time of the murders.
He gained notoriety for eating part of the leg of one of his victims, Alton "Fred" Brown.
Thirty minutes later, Ashworth made an anonymous 9-1-1 call to inform police of the beating.
Athanase Seromba is a Rwandan priest who was found guilty of aiding and abetting genocide and of crimes against humanity committed in the Rwandan genocide.
On 16 November 1911, Charles Ching told Silva he was traveling to town for supplies and money for Silva's wages.
Captured on September 14, 2007 in Ankara, he admitted killing two men, attempting to murder another man and cannibalising one of his victims.
A police investigation revealed that he had killed 43 people from October 2005 to March 2006.
Kearney may be among the most prolific serial killers in United States history, claiming possibly as many as 43 victims according to law enforcement.
The last known incident of the Pocket Man took place in Skjolden in Luster on June 14, 2006.
Bryant Neal Vinas is a Hispanic Muslim American convicted of participating in and supporting Al-Qaeda plots in Afghanistan and the U.S.
Tommaso "Tommy" Gagliano was an American mobster and boss of the Lucchese crime family, one of the "Five Families" of New York City.
Julius and Ethel Rosenberg were United States citizens who were executed on June 19, 1953 after being convicted of committing espionage for the Soviet Union.
Dzhumagaliev killed and cannibalized at least nine people, targeting mainly women in the Almaty area, and is believed to have killed more until his arrest.
He was 55 years old at the time of death.
The file is full of acquittal for lack of evidence.
No other suspects were questioned and there was a lack of physical evidence.
Having herself been a prostitute, she then went on to run brothels.
Kazuyoshi Miura was a Japanese businessman, who was accused of being involved in the killing of his wife, Kazumi Miura.
Released from Dannemora in 1912, he left the criminal underworld and began a small business.
Paul Kelly was an Italian immigrant who founded the Five Points Gang in New York City after starting some brothels with prize money earned in boxing.
This was the bloodiest escape attempt witnessed on the island.
Kimball is currently serving his sentence at the Sterling Correctional Facility.
He was involved in numerous shootouts with police and civilians and participated in several bank and train robberies with various gangs during his outlaw days.
Private Matthew Kilroy was a soldier of the 29th Regiment of Foot who was present at the Boston Massacre.
Willem Frederik Holleeder is a Dutch criminal.
He went on to co-found the online store Viaweb, one of the first web-based applications, and later the funding firm Y Combinator—both with Paul Graham.
Although the execution was stopped, Lockett died 43 minutes after being sedated.
Nicholas W. Calabrese is the first made man ever to testify against the Chicago Outfit.
Couey died on September 30, 2009 from cancer before his sentence could be carried out.
He is now out of prison and living back home
In 2012 Mingoue was awarded his PhD in applied ethics, human and social services by La Trobe University.
An admirer of Fidel Castro and Che Guevara, Schoeters made repeated visits to Cuba through the Institute of Agrarian Reform in the early 1960s.
Her origins are unknown; however, Fisher resided in the United States for much of her life.
Henry Lee Lucas was an American serial killer.
In those days a mafioso was seen by some as a social intermediary and a man standing for order and peace.
He claimed to have killed over 100 Union soldiers and pro-Union civilians.
This incident is the only killing by an anti-abortion activist in Australia's history.
Several men entered the "Hi-fi Shop" shortly before closing time and began taking hostages; two would survive but with severe life-changing injuries.
His wife was arrested on charges of harboring a fugitive; two other gang members, Byron Bolton and Doc Barker, were also captured.
Parts of Blamires's body were found in the River Aire in Shipley, near Bradford, on 25 May.
He was arrested near Mexico City in August 2010 on charges related to large scale drug trafficking.
After being released from jail for assaulting police constables, he joined the Bada Rajan gang in 1982.
best known as one of the conspirators in the assassination of Serbian Prime Minister Zoran Djindjic.
Despite extensive manhunts, her whereabouts are unknown.
Ronald Ray Howard was a convicted American murderer executed by lethal injection by the U.S. state of Texas.
Joseph Potaski worked hard to establish himself as a successful farmer in colonial Hobart.
Three died at the scene; a fourth was taken to the hospital and died on 6 June.
She was convicted in December 1968 of the manslaughter of Martin Brown and Brian Howe.
Seeking professional assistance, he consulted with another sangoma.
He had been linked to the introduction of illegal drugs into Mexico from Belize and Guatemala on behalf of the Gulf Cartel.
In August 1978, Cribb was on parole after having served six years of a nine-year sentence for armed robbery.
He led the Saltis-McErlane Gang, allied with the Johnny Torrio-Al Capone Gang, against rival bootleggers, the Southside O'Donnell Brothers.
Like several other prominent outlaws of that era, he was pursued and killed by a group led by Melvin Purvis.
Beazley was one of the last juvenile offenders to be executed in the United States.
The United States Navy Veterans Association was a tax-exempt veterans' organization that claimed to have a national headquarters in Washington, D.C.
His criminal signature is to remove the breasts of his female victims.
Scott Andrew Mink was executed by the State of Ohio.
His son Vito Rizzuto was also a prominent mob figure.
He was convicted on May 31, 2016, and sentenced to an additional 40 years on July 29, 2016, further sealing his fate of lifetime imprisonment.
He was charged with the murder that same month and Morcombe's remains were discovered days later on 17 August.
She was convicted and was given a three-year sentence at a correctional center in Gig Harbor, Washington.
An Appeals Court overturned the conviction in 1978 on the basis of incompetent legal representation and granted him a new trial.
Xu was born in Xiangtan, Hunan province.
The PA suspected soon afterward that Barnbaum was an imposter, believing that a real doctor would have never missed such obvious symptoms.
However, deciding that this would take too long, he decided to re-join the navy and make it his permanent career.
During the trial, Mary Druse admitted to assisting in the murder, and was sentenced to life at the Onondaga Country penitentiary.
On November 20, 2010, Bembenek died at a hospice facility in Portland, Oregon, at the age of 52.
Throughout his career, Krenz held a number of prominent positions in the SED.
Harvey was serving 28 life sentences at the Toledo Correctional Institution in Toledo, Ohio, having pleaded guilty to murder charges to avoid the death penalty.
He was buried in the Sant'Apollinare Basilica in Rome.
Ryan Kelly is an American comic book artist, known for his work on books such as Lucifer and Local.
A Missouri jury found Stewart guilty of first-degree assault on December 6, 1998.
They were left behind to stow equipment and Bartlett drove Jones home.
In 1970, he moved to the United States and settled in New York City.
During his teens, he began to obsess over his personal hygiene and began doing things such as operating doorknobs and light-switches with a handkerchief.
A student and disciple of François Thual, he is an advocate of realpolitik.
Enoch Lewis "Nucky" Johnson was an Atlantic City, New Jersey political boss, Atlantic County Sheriff, businessman, and racketeer.
Pradip Gogoi is the Vice-Chairman of the outlawed outfit ULFA in Assam.
The Gypsy Hill killings are a group of five unsolved homicides of young women and girls in San Mateo County, California, during early 1976.
Parmalat collapsed in 2003 with a 14bn euro hole in its accounts in what remains Europe's biggest bankruptcy.
After extradition to California, Minsky was sentenced to 146 years to life in prison by the Superior Court of Los Angeles County on November 30, 2001.
“Tulsa Jack” had a gun to his back and “Red Buck” walked behind to make sure they were covered.
Kuhl took part in the robbery of a mail stage wagon in Jarbidge, Nevada, US; the driver, Fred M. Searcy, was killed.
Sentenced to life imprisonment, he served 14 years in Cipinang Prison, in the Jakarta area.
An analysis of accounts by people who knew him suggests that he was suffering from psychosis and "mystical delusions".
Wolfgang Werlé and Manfred Lauber are German half-brothers who were convicted of the 1990 murder of actor Walter Sedlmayr.
David G. Friehling is an American accountant who was arrested and charged in March 2009 for his role in the Madoff investment scandal.
Although much of his early life is unknown, Antinori was one of the first mobsters to emerge in Florida during the Prohibition era.
Traylor also noticed signs of pneumonia in the infant's lungs, but did not consider it serious enough to cause death.
He drove to a nearby deli and shot to death a male student who was inside.
Barnbaum's case was profiled on the TV series Masterminds and American Greed).
Johnny Jack Nounes, also known as the "Beau Brummell of Galveston", was an organized crime boss in Galveston, Texas, United States, during the early 1900s.
Corral, but was unarmed and ran from the shoot out.
Her trial began on April 23, 1885.
Patrick John Piers Power is a former Senior Counsel in New South Wales, Australia.
Officer Pence ordered Zuern to get to his feet; he then stood at the door of the cell.
Martha Rendell was the last woman to be hanged in Western Australia.
When he was defeated in a 2000 runoff by challenger Derwin Brown, he arranged the murder of Brown.
On October 26, 2001, 25-year-old Chante Jawan Mallard struck 37-year-old Gregory Glenn Biggs, a homeless man, with her automobile.
Vittorio "Little Vic" Amuso is a New York mobster and president of the Lucchese crime family.
Ablabius was a Byzantine would-be assassin, known for a failed attempt to kill Emperor Justinian I in 562.
In 1995, he was convicted of ordering multiple murders from prison by writing to members of the Latin Kings on the outside.
He was arrested twice, on 24 October 2004, and on 5 August 2014, and set free in late 2014.
He pleaded guilty to financial and conspiracy charges in 2004, which resulted in a 23-year prison sentence.
", "Tipp", and "Thomas Ambrosiano", was a New York gangster with the Gambino crime family who ran lucrative bookmaking and gambling operations in Florida.
He confessed to authorities that he killed up to 40 patients during the course of his 16-year nursing career.
He is currently serving two life sentences without the possibility of parole.
Known today as Los Zetas, the cartel's armed wing ultimately broke apart and formed its own drug trafficking organization.
On the night of March 1, 1778, one of them beat Joshua Spooner to death and they put his body in the Spooner well.
However, Kyle searched through his pockets and told Dennis that he had no money with him.
He served nine years and four months, convicted in Great Britain.
The case made national news because of the intrigue of a "lesbian love triangle" murder.
The money he earned was sent home to help pay for the family farm.
Phillip Carl Jablonski is an American serial killer convicted of killing five women in California and Utah between 1978 and 1991.
Also Charlotte daughter of William and Mary Booth who died August 13th 5 months.
He was known as 'the only man Al Capone feared'.
Msomi readily assisted the police in finding some of his victims' remains, including a missing skull.
Floyd is also considered a person of interest in the hit-and-run death of his wife Sharon Marshall.
Both individuals have had gun-related legal altercations since release.
Noordin Mohammad Top was a Malaysian Muslim extremist, also referred to as Noordin, Din Moch Top, Muh Top, Top M, or Mat Top.
Seda is believed to have admired San Francisco’s Zodiac Killer for avoiding capture.
Police uncovered 334 g of heroin in a suitcase in the room.
In 2002, Prisco applied to the state parole board for early release, but was denied.
The ruling was also condemned by the British government and anti–death penalty campaigners.
According to U.S. Census 1930 and New York Census 1925 she was born in 1915–1916, not in 1912 as in the Marriage record.
Ronald Allen Smith is a Canadian man who was sentenced to death in Montana for murdering two people.
Though Kinney was acquitted, public records indicate that Kinney's second husband, Reverend Enoch W. Freeman, and Freeman's father, died of arsenic poisoning years earlier.
Two psychologists disagreed, stating that Msomi was in fact of much higher than average intelligence and further that he derived sexual pleasure from inflicting pain.
