Alandi Dam, is an earthfill dam on Alandi river in Nashik district in state of Maharashtra in India.
This lake is an important source of fresh water with full of trout.
Water from the Batá is diverted by the dam to a power station that discharges to the Lengupá River.
The dam was finished in September 1985 and has a power station with a 270 megawatts installed capacity.
The dam is controversial because of its projected impact on the biodiversity within its reservoir area along with the relocation of locals.
A 2,720 feet submersible earthen dike extends from the movable dam to the Illinois shore.
A borderline flood situation was seen in the catchment and the low-lying areas of this dam and the nearby Erai dam in September 2012.
Bluestem Lake is a reservoir in Osage County, Oklahoma, about 4.5 miles northwest of Pawhuska.
Water discharged from the 100 MW power station then enters the lake.
Elandskuil Dam is dam on the Swartleegte River, North West, South Africa.
The dam originally had a fish ladder, but it was destroyed by a flood shortly after construction.
The sole purpose of the dam is for recreation.
It helps irrigate thousands of paddy fields in the delta.
Isapur Dam is an earthfill dam on Penganga river near Pusad in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The power station can house up to four generators.
Its hydroelectric power station has an installed capacity of 330 MW.
May Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The dam body was completed in 2006.
The primary purpose of the dam is irrigation but it will also provide for flood control, water supply and hydroelectric power generation.
Construction started on March 30, 2004, the first generator was put into operation in December 2009 and the rest by March 2010.
The Capanda Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Kwanza River in Malanje Province, Angola.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The dam has one installed Kaplan turbine, yielding 26 Megawatts.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power production and it services a 292 MW power station with water.
The total cost of the dam project was about US$1,250,000,000.
The Almatti Dam is a hydroelectric project on the Krishna River in North Karnataka, India which was completed in July 2005.
Water for the powerplant is drawn from the Twin Falls Canal during seasons when water is not needed for irrigation.
Construction of the dam started in February 1953.
Construction of the dam began in 1957.
The Marèges Dam is a concrete arch dam on the Dordogne River.
Construction on the dam began in 2010 and its 1,200 MW hydroelectric power station is expected to be operational in 2016.
Gödet Dam is a dam in Turkey.
It is 174 m tall and supports a 35 MW hydroelectric power station.
Since its construction it has overflowed twice, on March 4, 2004  and on April 6, 2012.
The reservoir has a total shoreline length of 28 km.
The impounded reservoir is called the Lake Coolmunda.
It is at the convergence of Middle Bird Creek and South Bird Creek.
The large amount of perennially available water allows wild animals and birds to flourish.
It is situated in Chuo-ku, Kobe, at the foot of the mountain stream Nunohiki and waterfall of the same name.
The Mratinje Dam is a concrete arch dam in the canyon of the Piva River in Montenegro.
Bills for the construction of a dam were introduced in the United States Congress as early as 1931.
It forks into two roads; one leading to the town of Dospat and the other to Sarnitsa.
The lake is situated at a height of approximately 4,873 metres, about 15.19 km long and 2.86 km at its widest point.
Sukhana Dam, is an earthfill dam on Sukhana river near Aurangabad in villege garkheda in the state of Maharashtra in India.
A system of canals off the main dam supply a network of irrigation canals to the various regions for irrigation.
In 1995 Massey Energy received a permit to construct the dam.
Water from the dam's reservoir supplies two power stations; one at the dam's toe and the other downstream in Artvin Province.
It is an 18 metre high gravity dam, made of concrete, for the supply of drinking water and for flood protection.
The Barna Dam is a gravity dam on the Barna River in Badi tahsil Raisen district, Madhya Pradesh, India.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
Although the government had authorized the dam, it suspended construction in February 2015 after protests.
Klipkopjes Dam is an earth-fill type dam located on the White River, near the town of White River, Mpumalanga, South Africa.
It is used for flood prevention, electricity generation, supplying drinking water and for raising water levels during times of low water.
At the time of its completion, the Pong Dam was the tallest of its type in India.
They are situated in Ghatghar village in Ahmednagar district Maharashtra, India.
The discrepancy in power output between the two halves is due to the generating equipment.
The dam's main function is to prevent sand from moving downstream and building up as silt in the Shimen Reservoir.
It is the third Senegal River Basin Development Authority project on the river and was completed in 2014.
Five Channels Dam is a hydro-electric dam on the Au Sable River in Michigan.
Fort Loudoun Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Tennessee River in Loudon County, Tennessee, in the southeastern United States.
The 72 m high rock-fill dam has a central clay core and has created a reservoir with storage of 1,490,000,000 m3.
Studies for the Karun River began in the 1960s and specific designs on the Upper Gotvand were presented in 1967, 1975 and 1982.
Picote Dam was the first dam constructed by Portugal on the Douro.
The dam spans the river across two islands, with three embankments.
The dam is located at mile 23.8 of the Monongahela River; it was modernized during a major reconstruction project in 1979-80.
Construction of the Tellico Dam was controversial and marks a turning point in American attitudes toward dam construction.
The Xacbal Dam is a reinforced concrete gravity dam and power plant spanning the Xacbal River in the municipality of Chajul, Guatemala.
The Cerrón Grande Hydroelectric Dam spans the Lempa River 78 km north of San Salvador in the municipalities of Potonico, and Jutiapa in El Salvador.
The reservoir has a volume of 1,667,000 m3 and a capacity of 46,500,000 m3.
The 150 m tall dam will withhold a reservoir of 783,800,000 m3.
Numerous environmental groups and local villagers have decried the project’s anticipated ecological and social impact.
In 1994, it was discovered that acid mine drainage had been forming on the embankment since 1987.
The construction of the station started in 1936.
The dam controls runoff from a rugged catchment area of 27 square miles in the San Gabriel Mountains.
The dam is 225 feet high and 612 feet long, holding 858 acre feet of water with a maximum capacity of 1,028 acre·ft.
The primary purpose of the dam will be flood control and it was proposed in 1998 after a series of deadly floods in the late 1990s.
It has a spillway height of 55 feet.
The Baozhusi Dam is a gravity dam on the Bailong River, located 23 km northwest of Guangyuan in Sichuan Province, China.
The dam was built in 1904–1905 in the southern Harz mountains and raised by a further 6.26 metres in 1922–1923.
The Cahora Bassa Dam is a dam in Mozambique.
The Markland Locks and Dam is a concrete dam bridge and locks that span the Ohio River.
In 2008 the dam itself was expected to be completed in 2013.
The purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power production using run-of-the-river technology.
The dam began generating electricity in 1936.
The Birecik project will be realized under the status of Build-Operate-Transfer model.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Lookout Point Dam is an earth-type dam on the Middle Fork Willamette River in the U.S. state of Oregon.
It is constructed of roller-compacted concrete and is the first of its type in California.
The Aslandağ Dam is a gravity dam on the Bembo River in Şemdinli district of Hakkâri Province, southeast Turkey.
The absence of aquatic life in the lake has made it an ideal location for water sports.
The dam was established in 1988 with a capacity of 185 000 000 m3.
The lock is 110 feet wide by 600 feet long.
The dam supports a hydroelectric power station which is located at its base.
The 150 m tall concrete-face rock-fill dam withholds a reservoir of 955,000,000 m3 and supports an 880 MW hydroelectric power station.
The Osborne Dam site on the Odzi River, Zimbabwe, was identified in the 1950s by the planning engineers of the Ministry of Water.
The barrage was constructed adjacent to the actual Euphrates channel so that the water did not have to be diverted during construction.
It was constructed between 1941 and 1946 for the purpose of hydroelectric power generation.
Krasnoklyuchevskaya hydroelectric power station is a small hydro power station in Nurimanovsky District Bashkortostan.
Currently there is a study being conducted by the city of Quincy to convert Lock & Dam No.
The lock chamber is 110 feet wide by 600 feet long.
Construction is expected to begin in 2015.
Fish sampling in the lock is being conducted in order to determine which species are making use of the opening in order to refine the timing.
The other reservoirs on the Colorado River are Inks Lake, Lake LBJ, Lake Marble Falls, Lake Travis, Lake Austin, and Lady Bird Lake.
The 121.8 m tall dam creates a reservoir with a capacity of 201,200,000 m3.
The Beduhe Dam is a concrete-face rock-fill dam currently under construction near Kani Mase in Dohuk Province, Iraq.
The Gongboxia Dam is a concrete face rock-fill embankment dam on the Yellow River in Longhua County, Qinghai Province, China.
Özlüce Dam is a rock-fill embankment dam on the Peri River, located 10 km south of Yayladere in Bingöl Province, Turkey.
The dam was completed in 1973 for several purposes.
Today the Bluff forms the right or south abutment of the Gavins Point Dam.
Karaçal Dam is a dam in Turkey.
Construction on the dam started in 2008 and the river was diverted by 2010.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The full output equates to about 332,000 MWh generated on an annual basis.
Additionally, it has a 300 megawatts pumped-storage hydroelectric generation capacity.
Konar Dam is 4,535 metres long and 48.77 metres high.
The purpose of the dam is to control floods and generate hydroelectric power.
Raising the water in the lake allowed it to rise east near the actual power station 4.5 mi downstream.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it supports a 400 MW power station.
After a prolonged legal battle, construction on the dam began in 2013 and it is expected to be complete in 2017.
Its main purpose is flood control and on average, it can control an intake of 40 m3/s; releasing 23 m3/s.
The project is a multipurpose hydroelectric power and flood mitigation scheme.
It was established in 1954 and has been renovated in 1989.
Yoji Dam is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture, Japan, completed in 2003.
Gangapur Dam, is an earthfill dam on Godavari river near Nashik in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The dam and power plant are operated by the Martinsville Electric Department.
Sir Ganga Ram, a civil engineer and leading philanthropist of his time, established Renala Hydral Power Station in 1925, Pakistan's first Hydropower station.
Below the left intermediate opening are two bottom sluices.
It was constructed to provide hydroelectric power, and helps buffer the large changes in water flow Buchanan Dam, 3 miles upstream, tends to produce.
That same year the first generator became operational and the final generator was operational in March 2013.
The 130 m tall dam was constructed with roller-compacted concrete and withholds a reservoir with a storage capacity of 449,700,000 m3.
Himekawa Dam is a set of three dams in Hakuba, Nagano Prefecture, Japan.
The Innerste Dam is a dam on the Innerste river, which lies near Langelsheim and Wolfshagen in the Harz mountains.
Preliminary construction began in early-2012, but work on the dam itself was suspended shortly thereafter due to complaints from Cambodia and Vietnam downstream.
The dam diverts water through an 6.3-mile tunnel to the Poe Powerhouse, located on the upper reaches of Lake Oroville.
The two plants produce about 943 million kilowatt hours each year, with Fionnay generating 278 million KWh and Riddes generating 665 million KWh.
The construction of the dam began in 1953 and finished in 1964.
The Shannon hydroelectric Scheme was a major development by the Irish Free State in the 1920s to harness the power of the River Shannon.
It was established in 1950 and its main purpose is for domestic supply and industrial use.
It is located less than two kilometers upstream of the Laos–Cambodia border.
The Liuxihe Dam is an arch dam on the Liuxihe River near Conghua, in Guangdong Province, China.
The Zhinvali Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Aragvi River in the Caucasus Mountains in Zhinvali, Georgia.
Construction on the dam began in 1989 and the first generator was operational in 1994, the last in 1995.
The Gleno Dam was a multiple-arch dam on the Gleno River in the Valle di Scalve in the northern Province of Bergamo, Italy.
Masoli Dam, is an earthfill dam on Masoli river near Gangakhed, Parbhani district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
Construction of the dam cost approximately Rs.
Beaumont generating station is a hydroelectric dam built on the Saint-Maurice River, in Zec de La Croche, in upper Mauricie, Quebec, Canada.
Shimoaka Dam is a dam in Miyazaki Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1962.
It is constructed across Jonk River in Patora village located 18 km from Nuapada in Nuapada district, Odisha in India.
The wildlife management area comprises about 6,040 acres.
The dam supplies water to Hsinchu City and cooling water to factories in Hsinchu Science and Industrial Park.
The hazard potential of the entire dam construction has been ranked high.
It serves mainly for irrigation purposes but also has a power station with a capacity of 18 megawatts.
This has since decreased to 420,000 dam3 with a surface area of 1,300 ha.
Two bottom outlets are set on the spillway's left side, also controlled by hydraulic press-operated radial gates.
It has a capacity of 6.723 million cubic metres and was completed in 1972, when the territory was occupied by South Africa.
Visitors can circumnavigate the lake on a roughly 2.2 km long footpath and cycleway.
Bozkır Dam is a dam in Aksaray Province, Turkey.
The Shiroyama Dam is a multi-purpose dam on the main stream Sagami River in Sagamihara, Kanagawa Prefecture on the island of Honshū, Japan.
Çatak Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The project was completed and dedicated in 1955 and the dam officially opened in 1958.
The reservoir is the main source of supply for Sedgley beacon service reservoir that feeds potable water to some parts of Wolverhampton.
The main purpose of the dam is to fulfill the drinking water requirements of the residents of Ranchi.
The Tehri Dam is the Highest dam in India and one of the highest in the world.
The dam is constructed on the Bhavani river.It is one of the worlds largest Earthen Dam.
Sempor Dam is an embankment dam on the Sempor River in District Gombong, Kebumen, Central Java Province, Republic of Indonesia.
The dam is equipped with a navigation lock, which is available at no charge to boaters.
This Project covers localised ayacut under Nirmal and Mancherial Districts.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The powerplant has a capacity of 848 MW and generates 3200 GWh per year.
13 is a lock and dam located on the Upper Mississippi River above Fulton, Illinois and Clinton, Iowa, United States.
The dam will irrigate area of 627 acres cultivable lands, with total water storage capacity of around 1140 acres.
The dam is located near Akole, Ahmednagar district.
The Vorotan Cascade, or the ContourGlobal Hydro Cascade, is a cascade on the Vorotan River in Syunik Province, Armenia.
Sefidrud Dam is a buttress dam on the Sefīd-Rūd in the Alborz mountain range, located near Manjil in Gilan Province, northern Iran.
Holtwood Dam is the oldest of three major dams built across the lower Susquehanna River, and the middle location of the three.
The Myponga Reservoir is a reservoir in South Australia, located about 60 km south of Adelaide near the town of Myponga.
It is one of the oldest non-Roman dams in Europe.
The Matanoagawa Dam is a concrete gravity dam on a tributary of the Hino River located 2.3 km south of Kōfu in Tottori Prefecture, Japan.
Water is sent about 2.5 km downstream where it meets the power station which contains three 59 MW Francis turbine-generators.
The barrage is controlled by 25 floodgates and has a length of 516.5 m.
Palakkad was a part of the Madras Presidency during those times.
A total of 11 dams along the border; seven in Şırnak Province and four in Hakkâri Province were implemented for this purpose.
Construction on the dam and power station began in July 1989 and placement of concrete for the dam started in July 1992.
It is 134 feet high and 2,603 feet long at its crest.
The Péligre Dam is a gravity dam located off the Centre department on the Artibonite River of Haiti.
The dam is being implemented by Turkey's State Hydraulic Works and constructed by a consortium of Turkish, Russian and Swiss companies.
It can hold up to 115,000,000 m3 of water and is designed to provide Jordan with water for both human consumption and agriculture.
The dam diverts the river around the Poubara Falls where four 40-megawatt Francis turbine-generators are powered.
It is located just west and below the Cormet de Roselend mountain pass.
This proposal was debated through the 1960s until it was finally abandoned in 1969.
Completed in 1976, the dam was built primarily for flood control and economic development purposes, and does not produce any electricity.
A concrete overflow spillway is located shortly to the south of the dam, providing a maximum outflow of 1,500 m3/s.
It was established in 1989 and its primary purpose is to serve for domestic and industrial use.
It is located about 12 km northwest of Dashtak.
Its reservoir, Bileća Lake, is the largest by volume in Bosnia and Herzegovina as well.
The dam is also used for hydroelectric power generation, powering three 2 MW units, commissioned in April 1969.
It was to have been 813 feet high and was to be located 12 miles upstream of the river's mouth.
The purpose of the dam includes water management and conservation, with much of the impounded headwaters diverted to Lake Eucumbene.
It is one of the first major multipurpose river valley projects started after India's independence.
The project has been become controversial, primarily due to the relocation of people in the future reservoir zone.
3 started commercial operation in May 2013 and Unit No.
The Sardar Sarovar Dam is a gravity dam on the Narmada river near Navagam, Gujarat in India.
2 has a single Francis turbine rated at 155 MW for a total project capacity of 193 MW.
The power station has an installed production effect of 420 MW from four turbines, and an annual production of 2.035 TWh.
It is in the Sierra Nevada, and near the Pacific Crest Trail.
The Canadian Pacific Railway crosses the river atop of the dam.
At a normal elevation of 1,086 m the reservoir withholds 455,000,000 m3 but it can hold up to 531,000,000 m3 in the event of a flood.
Conemaugh Dam is a concrete gravity dam across the Conemaugh River, near the town of Saltsburg, in Pennsylvania.
Another purpose of the dam which has been widely reported in the Turkish press is to reduce the freedom of movement of PKK militants.
The dam has a height of 58.9 metres and a length of 251 metres.
Chatuge Dam is named for an 18th-century Cherokee village once situated near the dam site.
Narufuchi Dam is a dam in Sasaguri, in the Fukuoka Prefecture of Japan, completed in 2001.
The city is unusual in drawing most of its water supply from an open air source, the reservoir, which can occasionally be affected by algal blooms.
The dam is controlled by Tajikistan, while the Farkhad hydropower station, operated by Uzbekenergo, is located on the territory of Uzbekistan.
The main-purpose of the Dibis Dam is to divert water from the Lesser Zab River into the Kirkuk Irrigation Project.
TVA used the dam for power generation until 1972, when sediment buildup in Davy Crockett Lake made continued electricity generation impractical.
The rising water also would have covered Conowingo Bridge, the original U.S. Route 1 crossing, so it was demolished in 1927.
The reservoir impounded by the dam is Lake Entiat.
It is the oldest hydroelectric dam on the Snake River.
It was rebuilt with an increased 6.8-megawatt installed capacity in 1922.
Angostura Reservoir is one of the only large lakes in western South Dakota.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The plant has 3 × 20 MW Pelton turbines, with a total installed capacity of 60 MW.
It is near Diyarbakır on a branch of the Tigris river.
The dam was started in 1971, with the original construction being completed in 1978 at a height of 92.5 meters.
The Angostura Dam is an embankment dam and hydroelectric power station on the Grijalva River near Venustiano Carranza in Chiapas, Mexico.
State Highway 9 follows the east side of the lake.
The company seeking to build the dam, Empresa Misicuni, is currently rebidding the project.
Ōitagawa Dam is a dam under construction in the Ōita Prefecture, Japan, scheduled for completion in 2017.
It provides 20 per cent of the county's water supply, and has a watershed area of 61.9 square miles.
Upper Dudhana Dam, is an earthfill dam on Dudhana river near Jalna in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The reservoir behind Mansfield Dam is named Lake Travis.
These areas were replanted with some six hundred thousand trees.
The Dez Dam is an arch dam on the Dez River in the southwestern province of Khuzestan, Iran.
At the peak power generation, the generators capacity is 2,280 MW, and average annual electric power generation is 4,137 GWh.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
The reservoir formed by the dam is also a municipal and industrial water supply.
Recreation includes fishing, boating, camping, and other activities at the adjacent Santa Rosa Lake State Park.
The Halali reservoir is a reservoir in the Raisen district of Madhya Pradesh, India.
The lake is almost exclusively used for recreation.
It impounds the Kleine Kinzig river; the dam belongs to the Kleine Kinzig Special Purpose Association
The protests were about evictions stemming from planned flooding.
The dam is owned by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation.
The station is the most powerful hydroelectric energy source in Uganda, although the planned Karuma and Ayago power stations would be larger.
It is owned by Companhia Portuguesa de Produção de Electricidade.
Along with the Shitouhe Dam to the west, the dam supplies the nearby city of Xi'an with municipal water.
It serves mainly for municipal and industrial use and its hazard potential has been ranked high.
Takane Dam is a dam in Takayama, in the Gifu Prefecture of Japan.
The total discharge capacity of the spillways and openings is 16,060 m3/s.
Wilson Dam is a dam spanning the Tennessee River between Lauderdale County and Colbert County in the U.S. state of Alabama.
It has a height of 43 m and a capacity of 23 million cubic meters.
The Masutani Dam is a dam in Minamiechizen in the Fukui Prefecture of Japan.
The Funagira Dam is a dam on the Tenryū River, located in Tenryū district, Hamamatsu city, Shizuoka Prefecture on the island of Honshū, Japan.
It was constructed between 1941 and 1943.
The generators have been removed, but the dam is still owned by power company, Exelon.
The movable portion of the dam is 1,121 feet long and consists of 3 roller gates and 8 tainter gates.
The dam, the park, the major hydroelectric power stations, and hills on all sides make Mettur a tourist attraction.
Commissioned in 1890 to supply Orange with potable water, the dam was decommissioned after the official commissioning of the Suma Park Dam in 1962.
It is owned and operated by Volta River Authority.
The construction of the dam cost 14.7 million Reichsmarks at the time.
Constructed between 1996 and 2001, the development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The dam is 175 metres long and 41 metres high.
The dam is located about 6 miles west of Redding, and impounds Whiskeytown Lake on the southern flank of the Trinity Mountains.
Groendal Dam is an arch-type dam located on the Zwartskop River, near Uitenhage, Eastern Cape, South Africa.
A portion of the Kevin Costner film The Postman was filmed on the front of the dam.
Its primary purpose is for municipal and industrial use.
The main lock is 110 feet wide by 600 feet long and its auxiliary lock is 110 feet wide by 360 feet long.
Construction on the Tavera Dam began in September 1969 and it was completed on 27 September 1973.
The Quxue Dam is a rock-fill embankment dam currently under construction on the Shuoqu River in Dêrong County of Sichuan Province, China.
The Somasila Dam is a dam constructed across the Penna River near Somasila, Nellore district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Lake Agnococha is a lake in Peru located in the Huancavelica Region, Castrovirreyna Province, Santa Ana District.
Construction on the dam began in 2010 and the river was diverted around the foundation in November 2014.
Since at least 2008 there has also been a regular nesting pair of bald eagles.
Construction of the new power station began in October 2009 and was financed by the World Bank.
It was the first modern dam and reservoir complex to be built in the Harz and was constructed by the Harzwasserwerke between 1928 and 1931.
It is the fourth dam in the Dnieper cascade.
The impoundment of water behind the dam forms the Nechako Reservoir, which is also commonly known as the Ootsa Lake Reservoir.
This would help in better understanding and possible forecast of earthquakes.
The run-of-river-type dam feeds an underground hydroelectric power station located approximately 5 kilometres away, via tunnel.
It is located near Middelburg, Mpumalanga, South Africa.
Kadwa Dam, is an earthfill dam on Kadwa river near Igatpuri, Nashik district in state of Maharashtra in India.
Sly Park Dam is located near Pollock Pines, California in the United States.
The dam area is a very popular regional tourist destination.
The dam impounds the 4,500-acre Boone Lake, and its tailwaters are part of Fort Patrick Henry Lake.
Milner Dam is a rockfill dam near Burley in south central Idaho.
Spitskop Dam is an earth-fill type dam located on the Harts River in the Northern Cape Province north of the city of Kimberley in South Africa.
It also generates hydroelectricity by releasing the water when it is needed.
The retaining basin of the dam forms the artificial Lake Sélingué.
The main purpose for building the dam was the generation of electricity.
The dam serves mainly for municipal and industrial water supply purposes and its hazard potential has been ranked high.
In 1974 the area around the lake was improved with plants and facilities to improve recreation.
The dam was originally built to generate hydroelectric power, as well as irrigate lands on both sides of the Euphrates.
Shale and limestone rocks are found in the lake's vicinity.
The dam's maximum capacity is 15,300 square meters.
The dam impounds the 5,470-acre Melton Hill Lake, and is the only TVA tributary dam serviced by a navigation lock.
It was built by Wimpey Construction and was completed in 1959.
Willow Creek Dam is a dam in Morrow County of the U.S. state of Oregon, located just east of Heppner's city limits.
The diversion tunnels for the dam were completed in March 2013.
Koya Dam is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1982.
It was officially inaugurated on 8 October 2012 by Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni and Aga Khan IV in the presence of African politicians and investors.
Nyumba ya Mungu means 'House of God'.
Water is released from the dam through the power plant and two spillways.
Construction began on 26 July 2011 and is expected to be complete in 2017.
Construction began in 1947 and was completed in 1954.
The Murum Dam is a gravity dam on the Murum River in Sarawak, Malaysia.
In Hill, the Supreme Court affirmed, by a 6-3 vote, an injunction issued by a lower court to stop construction of the dam.
The Bill Gunn Dam is an earth-fill embankment dam with an un-gated spillway located off-stream in the South East region of Queensland, Australia.
Chalillo Dam's capacity was premeditated to be only 7.0MW.
The dam, dedicated on June 10, 1953, was authorized for the purposes of flood control, power generation, navigation, and irrigation.
The Karun-4 Dam is an arch dam on the Karun River located at 180 km southwest of Shahr-e-Kord in the province of Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari, Iran.
It's about 522 feet above sea level.
The smelter became fully operational in 2008 and the hydro-power project was completed in 2009.
It was established in 1966 and serves primarily for domestic supply and industrial use.
The dam is located 20 km west of the town of Innisfail and 50 km southwest of the city of Red Deer.
The lake is popular for bird watching and 53 species are known to make a habitat there, 19 species are migratory from Eurasia.
Lenin, is a hydroelectric station on the Volkhov River located in the town of Volkhov, Leningrad Oblast, in northwestern Russia.
The Lafayette Locks Park, maintained by Yamhill County, Oregon now occupies the site of the old lock and dam.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Fiscal conservatives opposed the dam on the grounds of its large cost and limited benefit to Americans outside Alaska.
The dam creates Guernsey Reservoir, the last of the 5 major reservoirs on the North Platte River in Wyoming.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked significant.
The Upper Manair Dam is a dam on the Manair River, at Narmal Village, Gambhiraopet mandal, Rajanna Sircilla district, Telangana by Nizam.
Matsukawa Dam is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1974.
The Masjed Soleyman Dam previously named "Godar-e Landar" is a dam in Iran on the Karun river.
The project was financed by SIDA, NORAD and Tanesco at the estimated cost of about 12 Million US$.
The Wadi Ghan Dam is a rock-fill embankment dam located on Wadi Al-Hira, 14 km northeast of Gharyan in the Jabal al Gharbi District of Libya.
Gold was discovered near Waranga Swamp in 1853, making it one of Victoria's oldest goldfields.
The Edgar Dam is an earthfill embankment saddle dam without a spillway, located offstream in the South West region of Tasmania, Australia.
The dam has a capacity of 25,200,000 cubic metres, and a surface area of 3.572 square kilometres.
Under contract from Turkey's State Hydraulic Works, İLCİ Holding A.Ş began construction on the dam in 2008 and it was completed in November 2012.
The dam may have been completed now, but the waters of the Tillari dam began flowing into Goa long time back.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Karacaören-2 Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The water impounded by the 291-foot high dam forms Donnell Lake in Stanislaus National Forest.
It was open on December 19, 1933 and has the total power of 99 MW.
Later, it was also connected into the South Island transmission network.
The existing dams are owned and operated by the state-owned Ethiopian Electric Power Corporation, which is also the client for the Gibe III Dam.
The third generating set, mobilising the full potential of the power station was not commissioned until 1999.
Boz Dam, also known as Buz Dam, is a dam in Kukherd city, southwestern Kukherd District, Hormozgan Province, Iran.
The main purpose of the dam is for supply of potable water for the Sunshine Coast region.
It is owned by Companhia Portuguesa de Produção de Electricidade.
The river was diverted by April 2003 and excavation began soon thereafter.
In 1958, Suriname Aluminum Company LLC, a subsidiary of Alcoa, gained an agreement with the Suriname government to build the dam to power an aluminium smelter.
Goki Dam, is an earthfill and gravity dam on Goki river near Darwha, Yavatmal district in state of Maharashtra in India.
The structure of the Prakasam Barrage stretches 1223.5 m across the Krishna River connecting Krishna and Guntur districts.
Detroit Dam is a gravity dam on the North Santiam River between Linn County and Marion County, Oregon.
The Steenbras Dam is an earth-fill type dam located in the Hottentots-Holland mountains, above Gordons Bay, near Cape Town in South Africa.
This dam is part of greater Boston's water system, maintained and controlled by the Massachusetts Water Resources Authority.
The barrage supports a road and includes a lock for boats passing up and down the Tigris.
Irai Dam, is an earthfill and gravity dam on Irai river near Chandrapur and Tadoba Andhari Tiger Project in state of Maharashtra in India.
As a result of irrigation facilities, some of the important crops grown under irrigated conditions are sugarcane, wheat, millet and cotton.
It lies at an altitude of 165 m and is located about 15 km south of Polis Chrysochou, next to the abandoned village of Evretou.
In July 2015 machines arrived in Santa Cruz for the construction of the dams.
Droughts created a critical situation in the Darlington Dam region which, despite being a fertile area, requires an assured water supply.
It was constructed between 1932 and 1935 by the Railway Company du Midi.
It was constructed between 1969 and 1976 and support a 510 MW power station.
Construction began in 1982; the first two generators became operational in December 1985, with the last generator being commissioned in 1986.
It lies within the county of Freudenstadt and was taken into service in 1971.
It has a gross storage capacity of 2.3 billion cubic metres of flood storage) on the Gâm River.
In 2002, the Government permitted the Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation to take over the Morbe dam.
Its role in flood protection is rather limited because it was originally only built as an auxiliary dam.
Its reservoir stretches 9 miles upstream and contains 285,000 acre feet of water.
Water from the dam's reservoir is diverted into a 7.2 kilometres long headrace tunnel before reaching the power station.
The John Day Lock has the highest lift of any U.S. lock.
Kutsugahara Dam is a dam in the Hiroshima Prefecture of Japan.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it had been under study since 1953.
Kherkatta is a Hindi word which means "Land of energy".
The dam, aqueduct and appurtenant hydroelectric systems are collectively known as the Hetch Hetchy Project.
Arapuni Power Station is a hydroelectric power station on the Waikato River, in the North Island of New Zealand.
Karapuzha Dam is located in the greenish and natural regions of Wayanad, Kerala on the Karapuzha River, a tributary of the Kabini River.
Maintained and built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, the gated dam forms an upstream pool that extends for 23.8 miles, stretching to Charleroi, Pennsylvania.
Water from the dam will be sent to a power station about 14.5 km to the southeast.
The Oshirakawa Dam is a rock-fill dam on the Oshirakawa River about 16 km southwest of Shirakawa in Gifu Prefecture, Japan.
The dam impounds Lake Oroville, the second largest man-made lake in the state of California, capable of storing more than 3.5 million acre-feet.
The Upper Lake Margaret Power Station was constructed by the Mount Lyell Mining and Railway Company between 1911 and 1914.
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif is likely to inaugurate the Duber Khwar hydropower project soon.
The power station generates 52 megawatts for the Center Region of the Argentine Interconnection System.
The name of the dam means "pass of the hartebeest" in Afrikaans.
The construction of Golen Gol project began in 1996.
Construction began during 1953 due to the increased water demand of post-war Columbus.
It is located 56 km from Pu'er City.
The Khashm el-Girba Dam is a gravity and embankment composite dam on the Atbarah River about 4 km south of Khashm El Girba in Eastern Sudan.
It was built between 1995 and 2002.
Construction of the dam started in 2008 and the dam was inaugurated on 24 November 2011.
Süreyyabey Dam is a dam on the Çekerek River in Yozgat Province, Turkey.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Talamba Dam, is an earthfill dam on Karli river near Kudal, Sindhudurg district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
As of December 2013, efforts are underway to install a 10 MW hydroelectric power plant on the dam.
It was established in 1938 and renovated in 1977.
The power station was expected to be fully operational by the end of 2015.
The Dix Dam is a dam on the Dix River located between Mercer and Garrard County, Kentucky.
The dam is situated along the State Highway 15 about 15 km from Gobichettipalayam towards Sathyamangalam.
The dam is operated by Melbourne Water and the reservoir forms part of the Melbourne water supply system.
Construction on the 40 m tall dam began in September 2010 and its power station was operational in 2012.
The project was built at a cost of Rs 4922.6 million.
Sarımsaklı Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The Roxburgh Dam is the earliest of the large hydroelectric projects in the southern South Island of New Zealand.
The dam will irrigate 31 square kilometres of cultivable lands, with a total storage volume of around 320,000 cubic metres.
This extension was called the Siebengründer Graben; at the same time the section to Neudorf was drained dry.
The dam is used for generating hydroelectric power and for flood control and is located about 12 miles west of Burnet, Texas.
Its shore is lined by pipes that bring into it a chemical waste from the surrounding refineries.
The power plant has 5 generators with the total installed capacity of 1,225 MW.
King Fahad's reservoir still has the largest storage capacity, at 325,000,000 m3.
Ambuclao, Bokod, Benguet province in the Philippines.
the dam will house a hydroelectric power station with 4 x 650 MW generators for a total installed capacity of 2,600 MW.
Construction on the dam began in 2007 after Empresas ICA was awarded the main construction contract.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
It is the second largest dam in Marathwada region.
"But this is only because the treatment plants do not have the capacity to treat more water.
The Lam Takhong Dam is an embankment dam on the Lam Takhong River between Pak Chona and Sikhio Districts in Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Thailand.
Native Alaskans in the area protested the threatened loss of nine villages that would be flooded by the dam.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
The government attempts to provide all these facilities to the tourists.
The project is expected to be complete in June 2016.
Its primary purpose will be hydroelectric power generation.
The dam has an associated 66.3 MW hydroelectric power station located about 7.1 km downstream which was commissioned in 1963.
This component is now under implementation with financial and technical support from the US government
It has a storage volume of 5,763 billion m³ in a reservoir area at normal water surface elevation of 118.31 km².
It was constructed between 1951 and 1957.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
Dhoki Dam, is an earth-fill dam on Kalu river in Dhoki village in Parner taluka of Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra in India.
It was established in 1978 and serves mainly for municipal and industrial use.
It is also inhabited by numerous species of fish, some of which are stocked by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission.
In the 21st century, the Danjiangkou Dam became part of the South-North Water Transfer Project.
The Angostura Diversion Dam is a diversion dam on the Rio Grande in Sandoval County.
Çaygören Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The power is evacuated via 33kVA transmission line to switch-yard of Sunkoshi Power Plant
The average annual discharge through the Innerste Dam is 60 million m³.
The year of completion of Pakhanjore reservoir is 1964.
The dam's reservoir, Zaza Reservoir, has a storage capacity of 1,020,000,000 m3, making it the largest in the country.
Mubuku III Power Station is a 10 megawatts mini-hydroelectric power station in Uganda.
The reported purpose of the dam is water storage and it can also support an 8.36 MW hydroelectric power station in the future.
It was constructed between 1954 and 1956.
Its surface area is up to 8.5 hectares.
The power station at the dam has an installed capacity of 424 megawatts and is owned by CEMIG.
This reservoir, informally known as the Krasnoyarsk Sea, has an area of 2,000 square kilometres and a volume of 73.3 cubic kilometres.
The Lai Châu Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Black River under-construction in Nậm Hàng commune, Mường Tè District, Vietnam.
Plans to utilise the Myponga River catchment as a major storage area were made in 1945.
It is situated on the Tekezé River, a tributary of the Nile that flows through one of the deepest canyons in the world.
The reservoir would be operated as part of the California State Water Project and is projected to cost between $2.3–3.2 billion.
The southwestern part of the lake has been designated as a nature reserve.
Bahçelik Dam is an embankment dam on the Zamanti River in Kayseri Province, Turkey, built between 1996 and 2002.
The main canal, Gandikota, Vamikonda and Sarvarajasagar reservoirs are under construction.
Shorenji Dam is a dam in Nabari, Mie Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1970.
The Khodiyar Dam is a dam built on Shetrunji River in Gujarat in western India.
The reservoir is about 2 miles long, and has a storage capacity of 1,710 acre feet to 1,820 acre feet of water.
The power station feeds the energy demand of small villages at a 20 km distance, through a 35-kV transmission line.
Construction on the 146.30 m tall dam began in 2009 and its reservoir began to fill in November 2013.
The San Roque Dam, operated under San Roque Multipurpose Project is a 200-meter-tall, 1.2 kilometer long embankment dam on the Agno River.
Nagawado Dam is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1969.
The dam's construction was very controversial and displaced many indigenous Maya Achi peoples.
During the spring flood of 1983, the dam again failed and contributed to the flood records for the Tangipahoa River that stand today.
A single turbine now produces up to 9.8 megawatts.
Guernsey Dam is an earthfill dam on the North Platte River in Platte County in the U.S. State of Wyoming.
At 119 m tall, it is the highest dam in the country.
It creates a reservoir with capacity of 15,000 cubic metres and surface of 10,000 square metres.
Its auxiliary dam is 130 feet high and 600 feet long.
Kromme Dam, is a multi-arch type dam located at the Kromme River, near Kareedouw, Eastern Cape, in South Africa.
Yanase dam is a dam in Kitagawa, Kōchi Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1970.
Of this newly reclaimed land, 14,080 hectares was distributed to small farmers as part of a social land reform program.
Recent assessments however, assign a significant hazard potential to the dam/reservoir which in turn makes the intended use questionable.
The dam went into service in 1934 after taking 3 years to build.
It was completed in 1965 and assumed a primary role in flood control and irrigation operations.
7 villages are under command of Nayka dam.
Étang de Soulcem is a large artificial lake in the Pyrenees mountains in Ariège, France.
The Lianhua Dam is a concrete-face rock-fill dam on the Mudan River in Linkou County of Heilongjiang Province, China.
The plant has a capacity of 81,000 kVA.
In 2015 the Mozambique government announced it would start construction of the dam.
Gibraltar Dam is located on the Santa Ynez River, in Santa Barbara County, California, in the United States.
Dospat Reservoir is situated in the western part of the Rhodope Mountains, Bulgaria.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked significant.
The dam is an earth-fill type with a masonry spillway section.
Its construction, at the cost of 140 million US dollars, was financed by several backers.
It is built on the Mekong River with a capacity of 1,750 MW.
The first two Francis turbine-generators came online in 1957, and eight more were installed by 1968, bringing the plant to its full capacity of 476 megawatts.
Whether to build a natural gas pipeline is also at issue.
The dam was rebuilt afterward and a concrete flood control structure was added.
Phase 1 construction started in April 1961 and was finished in January 1964.
The building of the dam in 1986 formed the Zhinvali Reservoir.
The project is managed by Electricity du Cambodge and is linked to Phnom Penh by a 120 km long, 115kV transmission line
The dam's upper pool extends about 13 miles upstream to the Monongahela's source at Fairmont, West Virginia.
It was established in 1969 and serves mainly for irrigation purposes.
The American Falls Dam is a concrete gravity-type dam located near the town of American Falls, Idaho, on river mile 714.7 of the Snake River.
The Ichari Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Tons River 13 km north of Dakpathar in Uttarakhand, India.
Located just upstream of Shasta Lake, it is a concrete arch-gravity structure and its powerhouse has a capacity of 110 megawatts.
Djorf Torba Dam is a dam in Kenadsa District, Béchar Province, Algeria, crossing the Oued Guir about 50 kilometres west of the capital, Béchar.
Built, in 1979 to replace the nearby Cave Creek Dam, it is designed to prevent flooding in the city from the Cave Creek Wash.
The last generator was commissioned in 2010.
It is also intended to sell the electricity to neighbouring countries, thus boosting the national economy.
The lakes run parallel for more than 50 miles, with the Land Between the Lakes National Recreation Area located between them.
The dam is a major component of the Colorado River Storage Project, which stores and distributes upper Colorado River Basin water.
It is located on the border between Cowlitz County and Clark County.
Malibu Hydro System was designed to provide electricity to the Malibu Club in Canada.
The Luphephe Dam is located east of the dam, less than 0.25 km away.
It has 56 gates which are jointly controlled by Nepal Army and Indian officials.
However, initial results of the cultivation of rice on the irrigated land were encouraging.
Ishibuchi Dam was an embankment dam on the Isawa River in Iwate Prefecture, Japan, constructed between 1945 and 1953.
The plant is owned by the Oulun Energia municipal enterprise of the city of Oulu.
The dam and reservoir provide about 4,600 acre feet to Santa Barbara each year, supplying 29.4% of the city's water.
Kordi Dam, is an earthfill dam on Kordi river near Navapur, Nandurbar district in state of Maharashtra in India.
Sevişler Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The Vanderkloof Dam is situated approximately 130 km downstream from Gariep Dam and is fed by the Orange River, South Africa's largest river.
Honzawa Dam is a dam in Midori-ku, Sagamihara, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.
The dam was constructed in 1995  at a cost of $24 million  to supply water to Gawadar and adjoining villages.
Extents of three smaller tributaries to the Osage are included in the impoundment: the Niangua River, Grandglaize Creek, and Gravois Creek.
Plans centered on two sites between miles 30 and 40 in the canyon.
The Iran–Turkmenistan Friendship Dam is a dam on the Hariroud River, which forms part of the international boundary between Iran and Turkmenistan.
The dam is named after then-President Theodore Roosevelt.
The Marmelos IA and II downstream are still in operation and are serviced by the original dam.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it supports a 165 MW power station.
The Buhl-Kimberly Corporation built the dam and the Twin Falls Canal in 1903-1905.
Stave Falls Dam is a dual-dam power complex on the Stave River in Stave Falls, British Columbia, Canada .
The Karapiro Power Station is a hydroelectric power station on Waikato River, in the North Island of New Zealand.
Güzelce Dam is a dam in Turkey.
Technically, the dam type is a concrete, double curvature parabolic, thin arc dam.
The diverted water fills the concrete New York Canal, the primary irrigation channel for Ada and Canyon counties.
The dam is located before a bend in the river and diverts water through a 2,181 m long headrace tunnel that leads to the power station.
The Brisay hydroelectric power station is on the Caniapiscau Reservoir, in the Canadian province of Quebec.
Onagohata Dam is a dam in the Ōita Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1931.
It is the biggest storage reservoir in Penna River basin and can store all the inflows from its catchment area in a normal year.
At 125 m in height, it is the tallest dam in the country.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and when commissioned it will support a 355 MW power station.
A fish ladder was installed on the dam during construction to assist the migration of fish, shrimp and crabs.
Electricity produced here was also used to power the Long Wave Wireless Telegraph transmitting station built by Marconi in 1912 near Waunfawr.
Both power and aluminum plants are controlled by the RUSAL company.
For a period of time in 1997, the dam's face had a facade of a town.
The dam has an installed capacity of 15 MW and provides water for the irrigation of 29,725 hectares.
The main purpose of the project is hydroelectric power generation with additional purposes of water regulation and irrigation.
Construction of the dam and impounding of its large 3,500,000,000 m3 reservoir led to several environmental issues that continue to be monitored and addressed.
The Klipvoor Dam is one of the good fishing spots of the Borakalalo Game Reserve, located north of the dam.
The dam and its reservoir lie within the Snake River Birds of Prey National Conservation Area.
The groundbreaking ceremony occurred on February 19, 1937, with United States Secretary of the Interior Harold L. Ickes attending.
It is one of the largest civil engineering projects commissioned after Indian independence.
The dam were built in 19th century by British.
In August 2010 Farab Co. won the contract to build the power station.
The first part of the power station was commissioned in 1930 and the second part of the power station was commissioned in 1967.
In the process of creating Williston Lake, 350,000 acres of forested land was flooded.
Susobana Dam is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1969.
Aratiatia Power Station is a hydroelectric power station on the Waikato River, in the North Island of New Zealand.
This would focus and maintain any flood's destructive power as it swept through the valley of the Murghab District.
Maraetai Power Station is a hydroelectric power station on the Waikato River, in the North Island of New Zealand.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Its hazard potential has been ranked high.
The dam is flocked by people usually on Sundays when fish is harvested and auctioned / sold.
The main portion of the dam is an earthen embankment; the spillway and irrigation headworks sections are concrete gravity.
Mubuku I Power Station is a 5 megawatts mini-hydroelectric power station in Uganda.
The 4 million-acre-feet of water is also shared by the states in the same ratio.
It was the first major dam in the United States constructed of roller-compacted concrete.
Although the barrage was completed in late 1999, it was not operational until March 2002 because of work delays.
It supports a 360 MW power station located just downstream.
The dam's purpose includes environmental flows, hydro-electric power generation, irrigation, and water supply.
In 1977 a 30-ton ship lift was completed on the left bank of the dam.
The dam was built in June 1981, and is used primarily for irrigation.
The Kuroda Dam is a dam in the city of Toyota in the Aichi Prefecture of Japan.
He defied courts, laws, and any other form of Nizam authority, living off the sustenance of the forest.
The dam wall is immediately downstream of the confluence of Happy Jacks Creek and the Tumut River.
The dam was purchased by Ada County in 1977 and is currently operated by the Idaho Department of Water Resources.
Power from the dam fueled the growing industries of the Northwest United States during World War II.
The dam and reservoir were built and operated by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation.
Yellowtail Dam is a dam across the Bighorn River in south central Montana in the United States.
Its hazard potential has been ranked high.
Its main function is to regulate water flow down the Letaba in the direction of Mozambique.
Nwanedi Dam is an arch type dam located on the Nwanedi River, part of the Limpopo River basin.
The Tokuyama Dam is an embankment dam near Ibigawa, Ibi District, Gifu Prefecture in Japan.
Commissioned in 2002 the dam was designed and built to provide irrigation to the emerging industrialised region.
It is situated at a height of approximately 4,265 m, about 5.144 km long and 0.95 km at its widest point.
The McAlpine Locks and Dam are a set of locks and a hydroelectric dam at the Falls of the Ohio River at Louisville, Kentucky.
It is a rubble-concrete dam constructed on Koyna River which rises in Mahabaleshwar, a hillstation in Sahyadri ranges.
The dam itself is made of 8,000 m3 of concrete and has a reinforced buttress design.
The dam was established in 1933 and serves mainly for irrigation purposes.
The project is located about 24 kilometres downstream of Akosombo Dam, and is about 80 kilometres from the city of Accra.
El Chocón is used to regulate the flow of the Limay River, for irrigation, and for the generation of hydroelectricity.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
1203.88 lacs; with a height 26.5 m. It provides irrigation to 1,920 ha and has saved 2,400 ha of land from floods.
It supports a 65 MW power station.
In 1985 the embankment had to be completely replaced.
The dam is situated upon the Tokoro River.
Construction started on November 26, 2006, and its first generator was commissioned in October 2012.
It forms Long Lake, a 23.5 mi long reservoir, and has a hydroelectric generating capacity of 71 megawatts.
The 19 m tall and 120 m long dam was constructed on fragile rock and is set on a deep concrete staircase foundation.
The dam's volume is 647,000 square meters.
1 has three Francis turbines producing a maximum of 38 megawatts and Powerhouse No.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The reservoir behind the dam is named Lake Celilo and runs 24 miles up the river channel, to the foot of John Day Dam.
It forms Lake Apanás, the largest reservoir in the country.
The dam was completed in 2008 and will support a 153 MW hydroelectric power station that is expected to be fully operational in 2015.
In addition to the waters of the Colorado, water from Willow Creek just below the dam is pumped up 175 feet to Lake Granby.
The Chubetsu Dam is a dam in Biei, Hokkaidō, Japan.
Hamzadere Dam is a dam in Turkey.
Of the dams in the Shō River system, it is the furthest downstream.
His wife’s name Suat Uğurlu is given to another dam project 24 km downstream of Hasan Uğurlu Dam at the same times.
Construction started in 1995 and inaugurated in May 2000.
Another canal links the reservoir to the Bendeela Pondage via the Bendeela Pumping and Power Station.
A power plant was also constructed in conjunction with the dam which powered the mill and the town of Barberton, which was established in 1910.
The toughest trio-forts in Sahydri namely Alang Fort, Madangad fort and Kulang gad located on the southern side.
Madra Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The Khara Power Station contains three 24 MW Francis turbine-generators and a has a net head of 43 m.
The run-of-river plant consists of two 800-kW turbine generators that use water from the Agusan River to generate electricity.
The creation of approximately 10,000 direct and indirect jobs
During years of drought, Glen Canyon guarantees a water delivery to the Lower Basin states, without the need for rationing in the Upper Basin.
The dam impounds the 10,370-acre Nickajack Lake and feeds into Guntersville Lake.
It was the first hydroelectric project in Brazil's history to provide an Environmental Impact Assessment.
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif attended the dam's groundbreaking ceremony on 25 June 2014.
The Nwanedi Dam is located right to the west of the dam, less than 0.25 km away.
Sevan–Hrazdan Cascade is a complex of hydroelectric power plants on the Hrazdan River and its tributaries between the Lake Sevan and Yerevan in Armenia.
The dam was intended to impound a relatively small reservoir in the central portion of Marble Canyon to develop hydroelectric power.
It was built in 1921 by the California Oregon Power Company, the predecessor of PacifiCorp, which continues to operate the dam.
The estimated cost of the Nandoni Dam was R373,3 million.
The dam is situated on the Darling Scarp and is an impoundment of the Canning River.
The plant has a net level declination of 660 m, and a designed flow of 4 m/s per unit.
Baotou is the world's biggest supplier of rare earth minerals.
It joins Umatilla County, Oregon with Benton County, Washington, 292 miles upriver from the mouth of the Columbia.
Misverstand Dam is a combined gravity & arch type dam located on the Berg River, near Porterville, Western Cape, South Africa.
The Crooked River wild and scenic area, which was designated by the Bureau of Land Management in 1988, passes through the center of Bowman Dam.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it supports a 150 megawatts power station located downstream.
Adol Dam is an earthfill dam on Adola river near Borala in Washim district in the state of Maharashtra, India.
The river itself was named after the Cherokee village of Naduhli, which was once situated along its banks.
The Mahanoy Plane was a railroad Incline plane located along northern edge of the borough of Frackville, Schuylkill County in the Anthracite Coal Region of Pennsylvania.
It has a diversion capacity of 650 cubic feet per second.
Fontana is named for the now-inundated town of Fontana, a lumber and copper-mining hub once located at the mouth of Eagle Creek.
According to a group of social and environmental experts who advise on the project, these measures could become a global model.
Construction on the dam began in 1924 and it was inaugurated on 4 May 1927.
Lucky Peak Dam is a rolled earth and gravel fill embankment dam in the United States, located on the Boise River in Ada County, Idaho.
Upon completion, Diamer-Bhasha Dam would be the highest roller-compacted concrete dam in the world.
It is situated on the Darling Scarp near Lesmurdie, and crosses Munday Brook.
It is named after king Pazhassi Raja, a local warrior.
John H. Kerr Dam is concrete gravity-dam located on the Roanoke River in Virginia, creating Kerr Lake.
On September 8, 2007, the Pennsylvania Historical & Museum Commission erected a historical marker noting the Mahanoy Plane's historic importance.
This is close to twice the capacity of the Three Gorges Dam, which is currently known as the largest energy-generating body ever built.
The earth dam was overhauled in 1973, but not raised.
Lake Pateros is not deep but a high volume of water moves through it.
The impounded reservoir is called Lake Gordon.
Waterman's Cottage was built by Liverpool Corporation on the west bank of the reservoir.
Shortly after the dam's reservoir, Lake Kremasta, was filled a 6.3-Mw earthquake occurred.
The service spillway of the dam consists of nine gates with a combined capacity of 6,380 m3/s.
Today, Englebright Lake is used primarily for recreation and hydropower.
The area around the head of the dam features a number of notable ancient monuments.
It has an electrical output of 210 megawatts, supplying 3% of Paraguay's electricity demand.
The power station is located between both the upper and lower reservoirs.
The collapse of the dam resulted in the deaths of 11 people and 13,000 cattle.
It stands across the river from Sir Adam Beck Hydroelectric Power Stations in Ontario, Canada.
The dam and power plant were listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
When it became fully operational in 1974, it became the country's largest hydroelectric power plant, and remained so until the 1980s.
Shozenji Dam is a dam in the Niigata Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1984.
The reservoir is supplied by river Aboño.
The power station located at the base of the dam will house three 84.33 MW Kaplan turbine-generators for an installed capacity of 253 MW.
It spans the river between Rock Island, Illinois and Davenport, Iowa.
Its power plant has an 11.4 MW installed capacity.
It is one of the largest infrastructure projects in the country.
On the neighboring Tuong Hill a 18m high, 400 ton statue of Ho Chi Minh stands looking over the dam.
It is located in the municipality Tabuaço, in Viseu District, Portugal.
It is the second tallest dam in the country behind the Monción Dam.
The dams supports a 69 MW power station and provides water for the irrigation of 99,220 hectares.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power production and its power station has a 28 MW installed capacity.
The Ain Zada Dam is an embankment dam located 10 km east of Khelil on the Bou-Sellam River in Bordj Bou Arréridj Province, Algeria.
The primary purpose of the dam is for irrigation use and its hazard potential has been ranked high.
The dam was used to generate hydroelectric power for the adjoining Sartell Paper Mill before it burned down in 2012.
Khoda Afarin Dam is an earth-fill embankment dam on the Aras River straddling the border between Iran and Azerbaijan.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it supplies a 960 MW power station with water.
All together, its drainage basin measures 3,033 km2.
The dam is used mainly to divert water into a penstock that runs about 6.5 miles downstream to generate hydroelectricity.
The water falls 800 metres and travels through large hydro-electric power stations which generate peak-load power for the Australian Capital Territory, New South Wales and Victoria.
Between 1984 and 1989, a new dam was built several kilometres upstream as a replacement for the Hindiya Barrage.
These streams pour their water into the Nyumba ya Mungu Reservoir.
The streams impounded are the Haselbach, Saidenbach, Lippersdorfer Bach and Hölzelbergbach.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
First, the power house was constructed after a circular coffer dam was set on the right side of the river.
Selective dredging in the upper reservoir began in 2010, and continues as of 2011.
It was officially dedicated by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan on 14 January 2016.
Construction on the station began in the spring of 1966 and it was carried out in several phases.
The dam's purpose includes water supply for Canberra and Queanbeyan.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and its power plant has an installed capacity of 200 MW.
The purpose of the dam is flood control, water supply and hydroelectric power generation.
The construction of dam started in 2011 and was expected to be complete by September 2014 with projected cost of PKR 198.145 Million.
The dam and facilities are owned by Brookfield Renewable.
At the opening of the hydro plant, President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan used the opportunity to attack environmentalist critics, a campaign he sustained in office: he said
The Itoshiro Dam is a dam in the city of Ono in Fukui Prefecture, Japan.
The dam is connected to the San Diego municipal water system via the El Capitan Pipeline, which extends approximately 30 miles to the city.
These farmers received 10 hectares per family and were required to live on the land they farmed.
It was constructed between 1964 and 1970.
Middelburg Dam is a dam located on the Klein Olifants River, part of the Olifants River basin.
All four of the original generators were operational by 1979.
About 485,000 cubic metres of material was excavated from the site before construction on the actual dam could begin.
Its first generator was operational on January 25, 1965.
Supporters call on the benefit to the lucrative cotton crops it will help irrigate and the dam's planned 120 MW hydroelectric power plant.
It is one of the tallest dams in Japan and supports a 350 MW hydroelectric power station.
The dyke is 17,000 ft long and 60 ft tall.
The project started in 1989 when preliminary studies started.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it supports a 180 MW power station.
It is primarily operated during the summer months.
Highway 44 crosses the river atop the dam.
Jindabyne Dam is a major ungated rockfill embankment dam across the Snowy River in the Snowy Mountains of New South Wales, Australia.
In Hakkâri are the Gölgeliyamaç and Çocuktepe Dams on the Güzeldere River and the Aslandağ and Beyyurdu Dams on the Bembo River.
The dam is between the Blue Mesa Dam and the Crystal Dam.
Crooks' Hollow Dam was a buttressed gravity dam, built of concrete in 1916 on Spencer Creek in Greensville, Ontario, Canada.
Access to the site is available from Interstate 84 and State Route 131.
The dam has two Francis turbines of 234 megawatts each.
The project is located on the James River, a navigable waterway of the United States, in Bedford and Amherst Counties, Virginia.
The dam serves primarily for water supply and its hazard potential has been ranked high.
Construction cost was $CDN 1.43 billion; favorable economic conditions at the time resulted in lower cost than budget.
The project was officially inaugurated on 14 July 2012 by Prime Minister of Pakistan Raja Pervez Ashraf.
Use of these waters is governed by the Boundary Waters Treaty of 1909.
It is in the San Gabriel Mountains, south of the Angeles National Forest, on the northern border of Sierra Madre.
Awashi Dam is an earthfill dam on local river near Dapoli, Ratnagiri district, in the state of Maharashtra in India.
Once an irrigation dam, it now mainly serves to supply potable water for domestic and industrial use to the residents and businesses of Graaff-Reinet.
Jinya Dam is a dam in Soeda, Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan.
Girlevik Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The dam can potentially generate 176.5 MW of electricity.
The impounded reservoir is called Lake William Hovell
Sengari Dam is a dam in the Hyōgo Prefecture of Japan.
The plant is operated by Chilime Hydropower Company Limited which is a subsidiary of Nepal Electricity Authority.
The lock operates from 6:00 am to 9:30 pm, 365 days a year, unless otherwise stated in "Notice to Mariners", published by the Coast Guard.
Its hazard potential has been ranked high.
Germeçtepe Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The Madushan Dam is a gravity dam on the Honghe River in Honghe Hani and Yi Autonomous Prefecture of Yunnan Province.
Completed in 1973 under the terms of the treaty, the Mica powerhouse had an original generating capacity of 1,805 megawatts.
The reservoir has total capacity of 19.5 cubic kilometres, of which 14 cubic kilometres is active capacity.
It lies in parts of Garfield, Kane, and San Juan counties in southern Utah, and Coconino County in northern Arizona.
Power is generated by utilizing eight turbines with a capacity of 240 MW, totalling the installed capacity to 1,920 MW.
The dam is 3100 metres long and 27 metres high.
It was built in 1929 under the supervision of the construction firm Pedro Siochi and Company.
The operator of the dam, which was completed in 1926 in a side valley of the Murg valley, is EnBW Kraftwerke.
The 3,030-metre Wildes Meadow Canal connects the reservoir to the Burrawang Pumping Station.
The water is diverted back to the Xacbal river channel.
At the dam, the Finlay, the Parsnip and the Peace Rivers feed into Williston Lake, also referred to as Williston Reservoir.
Initially known as the "Grand Valley Site" the name was changed to avoid confusion with the Grand Valley Project in Colorado.
Zernek Dam is a rock-fill embankment dam on the Hoşap River, located 28 km southeast of Van in Van Province, Turkey.
A small hydroelectric power plant was added in the 1980s.
Its construction lasted from 1930 to 1936; Mustafa Kemal Atatürk attended its inauguration on November 3, 1936.
Kurdish militants have also attacked infrastructure associated with the dam which has led to construction delays.
Locally, the spillway is also known as 'The Glory Hole'.
The May, June and early July flow of the river in most years, is greater than the plants capacity.
The dam is equipped with a canal inclined plane to allow passage of ships.
Financed and built with the Russian money and experts it now produces approximately 27% of Vietnam's electricity and is currently staffed by 800 workers.
The dam has been controversial both domestically and abroad.
Behind the dam is the lake known as the Kelbra Reservoir or Kelbra Flood Retention Basin.
Wildwood Dam is a dam located on Trout Creek, upstream of the Town of St. Marys, Ontario.
To a lesser extent the dam is also used to generate electricity and for flood protection.
Serving mainly for irrigation water supply and flood control, the dam also has a hydroelectric generating capacity of 36 megawatts.
Its shape is similar to that of an airliner, or a bird.
There is also a four miles long Eagle Rock Mountain Biking Trail which begins along the Elk River just north of the reservoir outlet.
Island Park Dam is operated by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation in Fremont County, Idaho.
It was established in 1977 and its primary purpose is to serve for irrigation and domestic use.
Built for the purpose of irrigation, the reservoir, called Lake Dalrymple.
It is part of the Upper Souris National Wildlife Refuge and is owned by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service.
The dam is part of the Lesotho Highlands Water Project, which will eventually include five large dams in remote rural areas.
Miyashita Dam is a gravity dam on the Tadami River 2 km upstream of Mishima in the Fukushima Prefecture of Japan.
The Shwegyin Dam is a rock-fill dam on the Shwegyin River in Shwegyin Township of the Bago Region in Burma.
In 1997 the power plant started to be renovated.
These heightenings still did not meet irrigation demands and in 1946 it was nearly over-topped in an effort to maximize pool elevation.
The dam and the reservoir behind it were both named for U.S.
It is also known locally as "Blessington Lakes".
South Dandalup Dam is a dam in Western Australia.
Together with the Ueno Dam, it provides water for the Kannagawa Hydropower Plant owned by the Tokyo Electric Power Company.
The John C. Boyle Dam is one of four on the Klamath River that would be removed under the Klamath Economic Restoration Act.
The dam was constructed between 2008 and 2011.
Since the reservoir is not part of the navigational route, there are fewer restrictions on its water level.
Rockview Dam is a zoned earth-fill/rock-fill type dam located on the Palmiet River near Grabouw, Western Cape, South Africa.
Uchinokura Dam is a dam in Shibata, Niigata Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1973.
Its operating license from the US Federal Energy Regulatory Commission is next up for renewal in 2052.
The Harris Ranch purchased the dam and mill after the depression and developed the area for residential property.
Construction of the Kolyma HPP was carried out in the harsh climatic conditions in the zone of permafrost.
Construction was started in 2008 and completed in 2011 at a cost of PKR 553 million.
Construction was halted before completion, among allegations that the threat had been grossly exaggerated.
The Grančarevo Dam is an arch dam on the Trebišnjica River near Gornje Grančarevo in the municipality of Trebinje in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
It impounds the waters of the Chicopee River at Chicopee Falls, to form the Chicopee Reservoir.
The Sumbar Dam is a rock-fill embankment dam just east of Gholaman in North Khorasan Province, Iran.
The Campos Novos Dam is a hydroelectric dam in the Santa Catarina state in southern Brazil.
That particular forebay belongs to the Leibis-Lichte Dam.
The Fukashiro Dam is a gravity dam in the Sagami River system, located 11 km north of Ōtsuki in Yamanashi Prefecture, Japan.
Constructed between 1969 and 1988, the development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Solutions have been proposed, including the piling of stone or concrete debris south of the dam to disrupt the current, but have not been implemented.
The primary purposes of the lake are for flood control and conservational storage.
The Gordon Power Station is the largest conventional hydroelectric power station in Tasmania, Australia; located in the South West region of the state.
Completed in 1985, with a length of 373 metres, the dam created a multipurpose reservoir covering 28.3 km2 in the scenic hills of the Western Ghats.
Libby Dam's powerhouse contains five turbines and is capable of generating 600 megawatts.
Changuinola I Dam, is located in district of Changuinola, in the Province of Bocas del Toro, in the western part of Panama.
The area behind the barrage is known as the Neel Dhara Bird Sanctuary and is a popular destination for various waterbirds and tourists.
The dam is an embankment structure 75 metres high and 600 metres long, containing 5,000,000 m3 of fill.
The dam embankment is 169 m high and 1,820 m long.
The dam is situated in deep forest and special permission is needed to visit the dam.
The canal serves to either deliver water to the Pump-generating plant at Grand Coulee Dam or return water to Banks Lake from the same pumped-storage plant.
The dam is located in the Idaho Panhandle, just west of the Montana border.
It forms Mammoth Pool Reservoir and lies within the Sierra National Forest.
It was built by and continues to be operated by the United States Army Corps of Engineers.
Oxkraal Dam is a zoned earth-fill/rock-fill type dam located on the Oxkraal River, about 8  km South West of Whittlesea, Eastern Cape, South Africa.
The dam was designed for hydroelectricity but also serves recreational uses.
The impounded reservoir is called Lake Somerset.
Built at a cost of $671 million USD, it is located on the Canoas River, Brazil.
Klerkskraal Dam is a combined gravity and arch type dam located on the Mooi River, near Ventersdorp, North West, South Africa.
The Buchanan Dam is a multiple arch dam located on the Colorado River of Texas.
Built and managed by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation for irrigation and area water supply, it is also used for flood control and recreation.
The Alpe Gera Dam is a gravity dam on the Cormor River 17 km northeast of Sondrio in the Lombardy region of Italy.
The dam is one of the seven sources of drinking water to the city of Mumbai.
It is also part of the Archaeological Ensemble of Mérida, an UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1993.
The Kalyani Dam is a gravity dam constructed across the Swarnamukhi river at Tirupati city in Chittoor District of Andhra Pradesh, India.
At the time, the 371 foot high dam was the tallest arch dam in the U.S.
The first generator was commissioned in 1962 and the last in 1963.
About 8 miles downstream from the dam, the Tieton River is tapped for the Tieton Main Canal.
It is public land managed by the National Park Service, and available to the public for recreational purposes.
Gümüşler Dam is a dam in Turkey.
All of the electricity generated is exported to India through three 440kV transmission lines.
Due to problems associated with habitat and forest loss, the project has been delayed.
These included a 23 km service railway from the Barmera railway line, which was dismantled without ever actually being used.
It forms the Tarbela Reservoir, with a surface area of approximately 250 square kilometres.
Dickson Dam is a flow regulation dam constructed in 1983 which impounded the Red Deer River creating a reservoir known as Gleniffer Lake.
The Gazivoda Dam, officially the Ujman Dam, is a rock-filled embankment dam on the Ibar River in the District of Mitrovica, Kosovo.
It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1912.
Kuriyama Dam is a concrete gravity dam in Hokkaido, Japan.
Today, however, it is controlled remotely from Dolgarrog in the Conwy valley.
Construction of the dam began in 1965.
Water from the dam supplies the Bakolori Irrigation Project.
The Esch-sur-Sûre Dam is an arch dam on the River Sauer just upstream of Esch-sur-Sûre in the Wiltz canton of Luxembourg.
The Klusenberg, a hill that is part of the Ardey range, is located just north of the Hengsteysee.
Shetfal Dam, is an earthfill dam on Shetfal river near Indapur, Pune district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
During the hours of decreased power demand, water is pumped from the reservoir of El Tigre back into Los Reyunos to stabilize the water level.
The Guangzhao Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Beipan River near Guangzhao in Guanling County, Guizhou Province, China.
Combined with the other five Federal power plants on the C-BT, enough electricity is produced annually to power almost 60,000 American homes.
It will irrigate a command area of 84,380 acres and will have hydro-power generation capacity of 83.4 MW.
During World War II, the Svir separated Soviet and Finnish troops, and the dam was destroyed.
In September 2009, without warning, North Korea released a massive amount of water from the dam, causing large floods in South Korea that killed six persons.
It is about 140 feet north of the point where the west bank of the river enters Mexico, 3.5 miles from the business center.
It is located between Fitzroy Falls Dam and Tallowa Dam.
3 km long, 450 m wide and has a maximum depth of 60 m.
The primary purpose of the dam is to serve for irrigation purposes and its hazard potential has been ranked high.
Sinohydro constructed the dam and power station.
The aggregate for the concrete was derived from volcanic rock in nearby areas.
Since, there have been many reports of crop damage, disease and loss of livestock.
The Gal Oya Dam is an embankment dam in the Uva Province of Sri Lanka.
Trichardtsfontein Dam is an earth-fill type dam located on the Trichardtspruit near Trichardt, Mpumalanga, South Africa.
The dam supports a 300 MW power station.
An estimated inauguration date of October 2013 was announced in 2011 but was not met.
The dam is 178 metres tall and was built for the purposes of hydroelectric power generation, irrigation, ice control and flood control.
Ford Dam, officially known as Lock and Dam No.
Rector Reservoir is a reservoir in Napa Valley, California.
The Meander Dam is a concrete gravity dam across the Upper Meander River, located in northern Tasmania, Australia.
The dam was completed in 1988 with the primary purpose of providing water for irrigation.
It is an earth-fill embankment dam with a reservoir water storage capacity of 6,477 million cubic metres.
The dam has an associated 27 MW hydroelectric power station about 2.9 km downstream.
Entrepeñas forms part of the so-called Sea of Castile, together with the reservoirs of Buendía, Bolarque, Zorita, Almoguera, and Estremera.
It is a crucial irrigation facility for farmers of four coastal districts of West Godavari, Krishna, Guntur and Prakasam where irrigation facility for 13 lakh acres.
The dam site is in Myanmar’s Karen State.
Construction began in June 1834, and was finished in November.
The dam is located at the western side of Si Lanna National Park.
Characterized by rolling terrain and undulating hills, the region has an arid and harsh climate, often suffering from floods and droughts.
Seimare Dam, also known as Hini Mini or spelled Seymareh, is an arch dam on the Seimare River in Darrehshahr County, Ilam Province, Iran.
The dam was completed in 1972 with the primary purpose of irrigation but it also supports a small hydroelectric power station.
The power station is situated on the Lower River Derwent catchment and is owned and operated by Hydro Tasmania.
The Shweli I Dam is a gravity dam on the Shweli River about 23 kilometres southwest of Namhkam in Shan State, Burma.
The Tasang dam is one of five dams the Myanmar Government plans to build on the Salween River.
Ashti dam, is an earthfill dam on Ashti river near Mohol, Solapur district in state of Maharashtra in India.
Construction began in June 1963 on what was Little Goose Island.
The dam is located in Godavari river basin
The dam is also considered one of the biggest earth-fill dams in the world, along with Fort Peck Dam.
Each main water turbine has a capacity of 700 MW.
Obruk Dam is an embankment dam on the Kızılırmak River in Çorum Province, Turkey.
A proposed $500 million project would increase the thickness of the dam by 350 feet so that it could better withstand a quake in the region.
Due to poor construction and neglect, the dam and its 249 MW power station have undergone several repairs over the years.
Construction on the dam began in 1956 and the last generator was commissioned in 1964.
The total electricity generation capacity of the Allai Khwar Plant is 121 MW.
It has a capacity of 7.2 MW and it generates power for the neighbouring towns of Qaqortoq and Narsaq.
It is located on the Tigris river in the western governorate of Ninawa, upstream of the city of Mosul.
Each wet season, the run-off is stored for later release via water turbines to generate power and irrigate crops.
The name of the dam comes from the nearby village of Madushan, located on the left bank of the river upstream from the dam.
At 307 feet, Hiwassee Dam is the third highest dam in the TVA system, behind only Fontana and Watauga.
The dam was constructed in a very narrow gorge and was the tallest in the world up until the early 20th century.
Tatsugasawa Dam is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture, Japan.
The dam creates a large Danjiangkou Reservoir.
Power generation began with two units in 1967, the third came on line the following year.
The extremely destructive 1990 Manjil–Rudbar earthquake occurred near the dam and caused portions of its concrete to crack.
A second dam is below this one, and together they can hold a little more than 2 cubic kilometers of water.
Atikhisar Dam is a dam in Çanakkale Province, Turkey, built between 1964 and 1966.
In June 2012 a third Kaplan turbine-generator, rated at 24 MW, was commissioned.
The Gileppe Dam is an arch-gravity dam on the Gileppe river in Jalhay, Liège province, Wallonia, Belgium.
The concrete gravity dam with embankment wings and saddle dikes was designed to control flooding; to store 1.4 km³ of water; and to generate hydroelectric power.
The dam's powerhouse contains five generating units with a total nameplate capacity of 585.4 megawatts.
The project resumed in 1985, with the first generating unit delivering power in 1990 and completion in 1992.
The Kasserine Dam was a Roman dam at Kasserine, Tunisia.
The hazard potential of the dam construction has been ranked high.
Ketto Dam is a dam in Tsunan, Niigata Prefecture, Japan, near the village of Ketto.
This flows into the Des Plaines River, the Illinois River and then the Mississippi.
The impounded reservoir is also called Maroon Dam.
Two more generators were commissioned on 12 December 1997 and the remaining generator was commissioned on 28 September 1998.
The Guanyinyan Dam is a gravity dam on the Jinsha River 30 km southwest of Panzhihua on the border of Yunnan and Sichuan Provinces in China.
This will entail a second dam and plant.
It was built upon the Ishikari River for the purpose of flood control and water basin for Asahikawa, Hokkaido, irrigation, and hydropower.
It straddles the border between Bedford and Coffee counties.
The water quality is rated as good and fishing and swimming are permitted.
The reservoir began to fill in during December 1949 and the dam and power station were operation in January 1950.
Klipvoor Dam is a concrete gravity type dam located on the Moretele River, 55 km north of Brits, North West, South Africa.
The primary cause is believed to be the lowering of water table levels due to groundwater irrigation in the Frenchman Basin.
Construction of the barrage was completed in 1985.
The Capivara Dam is an embankment dam on the Paranapanema River about 10 kilometres north of Porecatu, PR in Brazil.
The dam began to impound its reservoir in December 2014.
Lower Granite Lake, which extends 39 miles east to Lewiston, Idaho, is formed behind the dam, and allowed the city to become a port.
The Winsor Dam was named for Frank E. Winsor, its chief engineer.
Various trees, shrubs, and herbaceous plants live in the vicinity of the lake as well.
The 120 m tall dam creates a reservoir with a capacity of 572,000,000 m3.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
It is currently owned maintained by the Mie prefectural government.
Construction began in 1965 and was completed in 1967.
The dam and the reservoir it creates, the Waterbury Reservoir, are located in the town of Waterbury in northwestern Washington County.
The Trasona Reservoir is a reservoir in Asturias, Spain across the Alvares River.
Lake Herbert G. West, formed from Lower Monumental Dam runs 28 miles downstream from the base of the dam.
Under the Beas Project, the dam was completed in 1977 and its primary purpose is hydroelectric power generation.
Most locals refer to the larger body of water using the term 'Reservoir', and the smaller body of water using the term 'Lake'.
The Nindooinbah Dam is a decommissioned earth-fill embankment dam with an un-gated spillway located off-stream in the South East region of Queensland, Australia.
Flash-boards have been installed to raise the level of the impoundment above the original height of the dam.
The other two dams in the project are Beardsley Dam and Tulloch Dam.
The facility has eight Francis turbines, four with a capacity of 812 MW and four rated at 800 MW, totalling an installed capacity of 6,448 MW.
In terms of generating capacity, it will be the second largest hydroelectric power plant in the world, after the Three Gorges Dam.
Construction on the dam began in 1979 and was halted during the Iran–Iraq War.
However, evaporation on Lakes Habbaniyah and Tharthar lead to reduces storage and high salinity; conditions unsuitable for irrigation.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
Anglezarke Reservoir is the largest reservoir in the Rivington chain to the west of Anglezarke in Lancashire, England.
Midono Dam is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1969.
The plant is located on the coast of Debed River, but it uses the flows of the waters of Dzoraget River.
Süloğlu Dam is a dam in Süloğlu district, Edirne Province, Turkey.
The Yunfeng Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Yalu River which borders China and North Korea.
Aside from generating hydroelectric power, water stored by the dam is used to irrigate around 24,000 ha of farmland.
The Dalles Dam Visitor Center, in Seufert Park on the Oregon shore, was built in 1981.
The Keban Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Euphrates, located in the Elazığ Province of Turkey.
The dam was built at the former first cataract of the Nile, and is located about 1000 km up-river and 690 km south-southeast of Cairo.
The dam was constructed in the late 19th century, and is currently owned by the City of Chicopee.
The dam also won the Concrete Society of Southern Africa's 2003 Fulton Award for Civil Engineering Structures.
Two large pipes, crossing the road, carrying water from a height of 1,000 metres to Đa Nhim lake to drive the turbines of the Hydropower Plant.
The reservoir provides drinking water, hydro electric power, and a recreational area to Chesterfield residents.
It is a run-of-river generating station with an installed capacity of 752 megawatts, a head of 17.99 meters, and a reservoir of 26 square kilometers.
The Toktogul Hydroelectric Station has installed capacity of 1,200 MW, which makes it the largest power plant in the country.
Smith Mountain Dam is a concrete arch dam located on the Roanoke River in Virginia, creating Smith Mountain Lake.
It was built by Light S.A. from 1913 to 1914.
It exceeded its budget of 1.5 billion Thai Baht, costing 2.5 billion.
The Flaming Gorge Reservoir, largely situated in Flaming Gorge National Recreation Area, is also considered one of Utah and Wyoming's greatest fisheries.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
İkizdere Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The dam began to impound its reservoir in 1996 and its three generators were commissioned between 1999 and 2000.
Its reservoir area is on the border of Madhya pradesh and Uttar Pradesh.
The Kavşak Bendi Dam is a concrete-face rock-fill dam on the Seyhan River bordering Kozan and Aladağ districts in Adana Province, Turkey.
The dam forms Lake Cachuma, which provides the majority of water supplies within the county.
6, is a lock and dam facility managed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers along the Illinois River.
Big Cliff smooths river flow resulting from power generation fluctuations of Detroit Dam, a practice known as river re-regulation.
The fuse-plug that allows the emergency spillway to work did not erode because heavy sediment had built up behind it.
The Great Works Dam was a dam on the Penobscot River between Old Town and Bradley in Penobscot County, Maine, USA.
it stores water released from Elephant Butte for hydroelectricity generation purposes and discharges it in the dry season to provide for irrigation agriculture downstream.
Silver Lake Dam is a dam located on the Dead River 30 miles upstream of Marquette, Michigan.
The dam has a main and auxiliary spillway.
The river is dammed at the power station, which also has a small reservoir in Langvannet.
It was built between 1975 and 1984.
The dam is 485 feet high above the riverbed.
The Stewart Mountain Dam is a concrete thin arch dam located 41 miles northeast of Phoenix, Arizona.
Madamsilli is about 95 km from Raipur.It is one of the most prominent architectural marvels in Chhattisgarh.
It supplies a 94 MW power station with water.
These gates divert water toward two separate irrigation channels.
It was one of the largest civil engineering projects in Europe during construction in the 1990s.
It was constructed for hydroelectric power production and flood control.
The impounded reservoir is called the Cooby Creek Reservoir.
Construction on the dam began in 1950, its reservoir began filling in 1956 and its power plant was commissioned in 1956 as well.
From commissioning of 10th turbine in April 1971, the station was the world’s single biggest power producer until Grand Coulee Dam reached 6,181 MW in 1983.
At the time of its construction, this feat of modern engineering allowed for ships to be physically re-moved in only 90 minutes.
Located in Grant County near Coulee City, it was built as part of the Bureau of Reclamation's Columbia Basin Project.
It lies above Bad Lauterberg in the district of Osterode am Harz in Lower Saxony and impounds the river Oder.
Completed in 1964, it impounds Eufaula Lake, one of the world's largest man-made lakes, covering 102,500 acres.
Nanakita Dam is a dam in Miyagi Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1984.
The entire construction period is expected to last 10 years.
It impounds the Mae Ngat River, a tributary of the Ping River.
The dam was completed on schedule, on March 7, 2014 but its reservoir did not begin to collect water until February 2015.
The dam itself is not accessible to the public.
The power is evacuated through 33 kV transmission line of about 4.0 km length up to switchyard area of Mai hydropower project.
The plant is used in a peaking capacity.
The dam provides views of the lake.
The dam's power plant has an 8 MW installed capacity.
Raigavan Dam, is an earthfill dam on local river near Kalam, Osmanabad district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
Known locally as the "Chapel in the valley", on account of its exterior design, it employed 13 men.
The dam's purpose includes flood mitigation, irrigation, water supply, and water conservation.
It is located in Remscheid, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
The 40-foot-high dam impounds 7.2 billion U.S. gallons of water in its 1,209-acre reservoir and is capable of producing 8,850 kilowatts at peak outflow.
The Laforge-2 is a hydroelectric generating station on the Laforge River, a tributary of the La Grande River, and is part of Hydro-Québec's James Bay Project.
The Nimbus Dam is a base load hydroelectric dam on the American River near Folsom, California.
The Tasang will cost more than $6 billion USD and is planned for completion in 2022.
It is located in the municipality Mogadouro, in Bragança District, Portugal.
Another purpose of the dam which has been widely reported in the Turkish press is to reduce the freedom of movement of Kurdistan Workers' Party militants.
It is named after John Compton, the former Prime Minister of Saint Lucia, who was influential in its implementation.
The impounded reservoir is called the Island Bend Pondage.
Gazivoda Lake covers 11.9 km2 of which 2.7 km2 are in Serbia.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and its power station will have an installed capacity of 600 MW.
The Westville reservoir is located within the Quinebaug River Watershed and is part of the Thames River Basin.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it supports a 75 MW power station.
The Karuma Hydroelectric Power Station is a 600 megawatts hydroelectric power project under construction in Uganda.
The Artvin Dam an arch-gravity dam on the Çoruh River in Artvin Province, Turkey.
The dam's purpose includes flood mitigation, hydro-power, irrigation, water supply and conservation.
Access to the site is available from Route 62.
Water from the reservoir is diverted south to the power station via a 18.676 km long head-race tunnel and penstock.
New Cumberland locks averages about 320 commercial lock throughs every month and 120 lock throughs a month on the recreational auxiliary lock.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The primary purpose of the dam is supplying water for the irrigation of 70,000 hectares downstream.
Maximum height and width of the Dam are 214 and 171 feet respectively.
The lake is relatively shallow and warms significantly during the summer, which tends to decrease fish populations.
Lake Casitas has a 254,000 acre·ft storage capacity and provides irrigation and municipal uses for the Casitas Municipal Water District.
The dam was built by the Los Angeles District of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
Kızılcapınar Dam is an embankment dam on the Kızlar River Zonguldak Province, Turkey.
The Jiudianxia Dam is a concrete-face rock-fill dam on the Tao River in Jonê County, Gansu Province, China.
It has a capacity of 121,800,000 cubic metres.
Northeast China Grid Company Limited, the dam's owner, plans on rebuilding it in the future.
It is Oklahoma's first hydroelectric power plant and is referred to as the longest multiple-arch dam in the world.
The Tibi Dam, also known as the Alacantí Dam, is a masonry dam on Monegre River about 18 km northwest of Alacantí in Valencian Community, Spain.
At 100% capacity, the dam wall holds back approximately 1,200 megalitres.
It was described by Land Ocean Interactions in the Coastal Zone as "the second most important dam in Africa after the High Aswan dam."
O'Shaughnessy Dam is a 430-foot high concrete arch-gravity dam in Tuolumne County, California, in the United States.
The Sultan Dam or Band-e Sultan is a dam located on the Ghazni River in the Ghazni Province of Afghanistan.
The Swift Creek Reservoir is a 1700-acre, 5.2 billion gallon, man made lake in Chesterfield County, Virginia.
The dam impounds the Comayagua River, which derives its large volume from two large tributaries, the Humuya River and the Sulaco River.
Water is also diverted for regional domestic and agricultural uses.
Both are operated and maintained by the Alaska Electric Light & Power.
On average the Zeya Hydroelectric Power Station generates 4.91 TWh of electricity per year.
Construction on the dam began in 1987 and it was complete in 1991.
When the glaciers retreated further, water would then flow north.
It supplies drinking water to several villages in the High Harz, Schierke, teilweise Rübeland) as well as the town of Wernigerode; it also provides flood protection.
It is the lower reservoir for a pumped-storage hydroelectric plant.
The dam is 473 miles above the mouth of the Columbia.
The arch dam design was chosen for the narrow, rocky gorge where it is located.
The dam currently withholds about 25,100 acre·ft of waste.
While the dam sat on limestone, its curve rested on two winged walls that served as abutments.
The dam was constructed between 1916 and 1923 with the purpose of producing hydroelectric power.
The dam is 2 miles southeast of Cannelton, Indiana.
It is also known as Vallabh Sagar.
The temperature during the day near the dam rises up to 35 degrees Celsius and drops to a minimum of 18 to 20 °C at night.
The Camino Conduit diverts water roughly 7.2 miles west from the Jenkinson Reservoir for irrigation purposes.
It is located on the Tenryū River upstream from the Sakuma Dam.
Pavananagar is a village near Pavana Dam.
It is owned and operated by AGL Energy.
Designed and constructed by the United States Army Corps of Engineers, this dam substantially reduces flooding along the Quinebaug and Thames rivers.
There will be 6 units, each can produce 40 MW power.
It was formed by joining the original Brandvlei Dam and the Kwaggaskloof Dam after reconstruction in 1989.
The first turbine came into production in 2013 and the other three turbines in 2014.
This has created a small oasis in the lowlands behind the dam.
Ekrukh dam, is an earthfill dam on Adela river near north Solapur in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The reservoir and associated dam are part of the Wolford Mountain Recreation Area, which is managed by the Colorado River District, headquartered in Glenwood Springs, CO.
Chankapur is one of the biggest dam in Maharashtra.
The Wuqiangxi Dam is a gravity dam on the Yuan River in Yuanling County, Hunan Province, China.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The northern limits of the lake extend at least as far as the Hite Crossing Bridge.
Construction of project started in 2012, and was completed in December 2014 with a projected cost of PKR 189.230 Million.
The Lotsane Dam is a dam on the Lotsane River in Botswana completed in 2012.
This dam supplies year round irrigation, allowing farmers to harvest two crops per year.
Together with the Sosa Dam it was one of the two biggest dam construction projects of the newly created GDR.
Purmepeda Dam is an earthfill dam on Bori river near Dhule in the state of Maharashtra in India.
Built for irrigation, the impoundment created by the dam is called Lake Paradise.
It was built to produce hydroelectric power and provide irrigation water.
The Dzoraget Hydroelectric Power Station is situated in Dzoraget village, Lori Region, Armenia.
Onbara Dam is a dam in the Okayama Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1927.
The Managawa Dam is a dam near the city of Fukui in the Fukui Prefecture of Japan.
The dam is used for the generation of hydroelectricity and for the regulation of the flow.
Coolidge Dam was named after the 30th US President, Calvin Coolidge and was dedicated by President Coolidge on March 4, 1930.
Construction of the dam was financed and supervised by the Soviet Union between January 1960 and 1968.
The Oak Hydro-power plant is equipped with six turbines for a total installed capacity of 210 MW.
Lock 60 is the guard lock of the Oakes Canal portion of the Navigation.
Grodno Hydroelectric Power Station is a run-of-the-river hydroelectric power station on the Neman River, about 8 kilometres east of Grodno in Belarus.
The dam is part of the Milk River Project, owned by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation.
Takatsudo Dam is a dam in Minakami, in the Gunma Prefecture of Japan, completed in 1973.
It is one of the main power generation complexes in Armenia.
Its reservoir, Florence Lake, provides for water diversion to Huntington Lake and Big Creek Powerhouses Nos.
Although Newsweek magazine referred to it as a "kinder and gentler dam", the project also attracted criticism.
The dam's power station is located on its right bank and contains three 200 MW Francis turbine-generators.
Dhom Dam, is an earthfill and gravity dam on Krishna river near Wai in state of Maharashtra in India.
Construction of the power station began in 1950 and was completed in 1960.
The rated capacity of the power plant is 580 kW.
Smaller upstream dams are still in the planning stages.
The dam was built by Washington Water Power, which operates five other dams along the Spokane.
The basin formed by Usoi Dam now holds Sarez Lake, a 55.8-kilometre-long lake holding 16.074 cubic kilometres of water.
Although the wave only contained a third of the dam's contents, it was still ten times higher than calculations had predicted.
The hydroelectric power plant has a total installed power capacity of 2,400 MW and generates 8,900 GW·h electricity annually.
It was a part of the Angat-Ipo-La Mesa water system.
Its Construction Contract has been awarded to Descon Engineering Limited, which is the biggest Contractor in Pakistan.
However, the dam was not officially dedicated until 1936.
The Paute Dam, also known as the Daniel Palacios Dam and the Amaluza Dam, is the largest hydroelectric dam in Ecuador.
The dam is 85 feet tall and 721 feet long.
The dam's power plant has two Francis turbines with a combined generating capacity of 422 megawatts and produces an average of 875 million KWh annually.
Çıldır Dam is a dam in Turkey.
It is located on the Luvuvhu River near the villages of ha-Mutoti and ha-Budeli just a few kilometres from Thohoyandou in the district of Vhembe.
It was the first multi-purpose dam developed in Thailand's southern region.
The Boskop Dam Nature Reserve has been established on 3 000 hectare around the dam's reservoir.
The dam will be 900 m long, 370 m wide and 80 m high.
The inhabitants of Budeli, Mulenzhe, Tshiulongoma and Dididi have relocated to new houses built by the Department of Water Affairs and Forestry.
The La Grande-2-A is a hydroelectric power station on the La Grande River that is part of Hydro-Québec's James Bay Project.
For most of the year, the 92-foot-high dam and its reservoir lie empty, but can hold more than 45,000 acre feet of water during major storms.
During the dry season, the basin behind the dam is used for groundwater recharge, as well as various recreational activities.
Ananaigawa Dam is a dam in Kami, Kōchi Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1963.
The Katepurna Dam is an earthfill dam on the Katepurna River situated at Mahan, near Barshi Takali, Akola district, in the state of Maharashtra in India.
Willow Island Lock and Dam is the 7th Lock and dam on the Ohio River, located 162 miles downstream of Pittsburgh.
The reservoir behind the dam is Lake Koocanusa; it extends 90 miles upriver from the dam and has a maximum depth of about 370 feet .
20 is a lock and dam located on the Upper Mississippi River, about one mile upstream from Canton, Missouri.
Cranzahl Dam is a dam in the Free State of Saxony in East Germany.
Theodore Roosevelt Dam is a dam on the Salt River located northeast of Phoenix, Arizona.
Sihwa Lake Tidal Power Station is the world's largest tidal power installation, with a total power output capacity of 254 MW.
In 1939 construction was completed at a cost of $15.8 million.
A 1,600 feet long submersible earthen dike extends to a flood control levee on the Illinois shore.
The volume of the dam is 431 000 m³ and the surface area of lake Hisashi is 370 000 m².
The other two probably ceased to function within a generation.
Pathfinder Dam is a masonry dam, located on the North Platte River, approximately 47 miles southwest of Casper, Wyoming.
It is owned and operated by Machadinho Energetica and produces the equivalent of 37% of the energy consumed in Santa Catarina.
Cwm Dyli is the location of a hydro-electric power station on the southern flank of the Snowdon range in North Wales.
The dam was authorized in 1944 and groundbreaking was in 1961; it was completed in 1967 after six years of construction.
The dam is situated 16 km north of Kangayam and 26 km east of Tirupur.
It is the biggest reservoir in central Thailand.
Inflow is from Dokan Dam, approximately 140 km upstream.
The spillway has eight gates and is 572 feet long.
Dehali Dam, is an earthfill dam on Tapi river near Sind Kheda in state of Maharashtra in India.
On October 21, 1950 the valve gate closed and water began backing up to create South Holston Reservoir.
The dam was completed in 1996 and its primary purpose was the irrigation of about 14,000 ha.
The original dam was constructed between 1958 and 1973.
Pine Flat Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Kings River of central California in the United States.
Libby Dam holds back an average of 5,800,000 acre feet of water.
24 Historic District, #04000183 covering 1,027 acres, 3 buildings, 15 structures, 4 objects.
The dam was structurally completed in December 2013 and inaugurated on 5 February 2014.
The Alaçatı Dam is a dam in İzmir Province, Turkey, built between 1994 and 1997.
It is maintained by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Pittsburgh District.
El Chocón is on the Limay River at about 80 km upstream of its confluence with the Neuquén River.
The dam is mainly composed of cycloned sand.
The dam's purpose includes irrigation, the generation of hydro-electric power, water supply and conservation.
It has installed capacity of 160 MW.
Annual power production is estimated at 486 GWh.
It collapsed on November 6, 1977 after a period of heavy rainfall, and the resulting flood killed 39 people and caused $2.8 million in damages.
In February 2004 King Abdullah II of Jordan and Syrian President Bashar al-Assad launched the construction of the dam.
The reservoir was an integral part of the city's Los Angeles Aqueduct water supply infrastructure.
It is the sixth dam in the Lixian River cascade.
Not until much later was it given its present name.
Construction was started in 1961 and completed in 1975 at a cost of ₹156.49 crore.
Upstream from the dam is Hogenakal Falls.
The Pashulok Barrage is a barrage located on the Ganges River just south of Rishikesh in Dehradun district, Uttarakhand, India.
It was constructed by Yüksel İnşaat A.Ş.
The main purpose of the dam is for potable water supply of the Toowoomba region.
It is owned and operated by Mercury Energy, and is the seventh and penultimate hydroelectric power station on the Waikato River.
To the south is Putah Creek State Wildlife Area.
Near the reservoir are located sporting facilities for canoeing.
The yearly football game between rival Lexington High School and Irmo High School is often called "The Battle of the Dam".
The water catchment it contains is the major source for the city of Darwin.
The American Diversion Dam is a diversion dam on the Rio Grande in El Paso, Texas.
The Karakan Pine Forest is situated on the eastern coast of the reservoir, while most of the towns and villages are situated on the western coast.
Madikheda Dam is a Multi-purpose Dam situated in Shivpuri district in Madhya Pradesh, India.
The dam was constructed between 2000 and 2006.
The dam and the 134-mile-long lake exist for the purposes of hydroelectric power generation, flood control, and water quality management.
The barrage is used to increase the volume of water, for transfer to the hydroelectric power station located 8 km north, via penstock.
The power plant was completed in two 620 megawatts stages, the first was completed in 1984 and the second in 1987.
In the Guarani language, Itaipu means "the sounding stone".
The Solaiyar dam is a vital reservoir under the Parambikulam Aliyar Project and has a water storage capacity of 160 ft.
Hungry Horse Dam is an arch dam on the South Fork Flathead River in the Rocky Mountains of the U.S. state of Montana.
The Proserpina Dam is a Roman gravity dam in Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain, dating to the 1st or 2nd century AD.
The dam and reservoir were named after a large natural pool in the river that was once located above the present dam site.
Brigadier Shakir Jawdat said Iraqi forces are now in full control of the barrage.
Güzelhisar Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The main recreational activities on or near Lake Chillisquaque include fishing, boating, and hiking.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power production and navigation.
It was originally constructed between 1905 and 1909 as part of the North Platte Project and has been modified several times since then.
A popular festival held on the shores of the reservoir is known as the Nemmara Vallengi Vela Festival.
The dam was needed for flood control as well as to support the growing local populations and increased use of agricultural technology.
Noxon Rapids Dam is an earthfill gravity-type hydroelectric dam on the Clark Fork river, in the northwest part of the U.S. state of Montana.
It is primarily in Jefferson County, but small parts of it are in Stephens County and Cotton County, Oklahoma.
It is managed by Ōita Prefecture, and it is an 82.0 meter tall concrete arch dam.
The dam has an associated 128.1 MW hydroelectric power station which was built in two parts.
Under the current proposal, Temperance Flat would slightly more than double water storage on the San Joaquin River from below Friant Dam.
The hazard potential of the dam assembly has been ranked high.
Sir Pandurang rao Krishnaji rao Shinde served as the chief engineer during the construction of this dam.
The gates were closed on the dam and Tellico Lake began to form in 1979.
The U.S. Bureau of Reclamation built it and continues to operate it for the purposes of flood control and area irrigation.
Along with flood control, the dam also generates electric energy, generating an average of 15,000,000 kilowatt-hours annually.
The dam is 164 feet tall and impounds the Pecos with a total capacity of about 43,800 acre-feet.
In planning since the 1920s and under the protest of locals, the dam was constructed between 1948 and 1952 with the purpose of hydroelectric power.
It supports a 44.8 MW hydroelectric power station.
It is most famous for its removal in 1999, the first removal of a hydroelectric dam by the government against the wishes of the dam owner.
The reservoir was formed by the construction of the Tawa Dam, which began in 1958 and was completed in 1978.
It is an arch dam in design, 185 m in height, built to generate hydroelectric power.
Two small islands, Gezhouba and Xiba, divided the river into three channels.
The storage capacity of Ukai dam is almost 46% of the total capacity of all the other existing dams in Gujarat if put together.
The Panjiakou Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Luan River in Qianxi County, Hebei Province, China.
It is located within a nature reserve by the same name.
The project was part of a program of as many as sixteen major dams in the Potomac watershed, most of which were never built.
Intergovernmental agreements between Armenia and Iran were signed in 2007 and 2008.
The dam is currently operated by Hidroeléctrica Ameghino.
San Luis Dam is a major earth-filled dam in Merced County, California, which forms San Luis Reservoir, the largest off-stream reservoir in the United States.
After rushing out of Nanjin Pass, the Yangtze River slows down and widens from 300 metres to about 2,200 metres at the dam site.
The dam's hydroelectric power stations will have 50 turbines each 75 MW resulting total installed capacity of 3,750 MW.
The power station is located on the southern bank of the reservoir and contains four 300 megawatts Francis pump-turbine-generators.
Water releases from the dam are controlled by outlet works with a bypass capacity of 2,830 cu ft/s.
Delayed by World War II, construction finally started in 1951 and was completed in 1957, with the generating plant on line the following year.
The reservoir has a volume of 438,000 m3 and a capacity of 28,400,000 m3.
In 1992, the two countries signed a treaty covering the "design, construction, operation and maintenance" of the Driekoppies and Maguga Dams.
The reservoir, Curwensville Lake, has a storage capacity of 124,200 acre foot at spillway crest and extends 14 miles upstream when filled to that level.
The dam, built by the Kyushu Electric Power Co, Ltd. in 1938, was commissioned only in 1993.
Yasuba Dam is a dam in Kōchi Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1963.
It had the largest reservoir of seven dams to fail between July 19 and 20, 1977 and caused the most fatalities of the two that did.
The Hindiya Barrage is located on the Euphrates south of the town of Musayyib in Babil Governorate, Iraq.
It will use the tailwaters of Kulekhani II and have an installed capacity of 14 MW.
The travel time from Dodoma is about three hours on a gravel road.
Perhaps even a bat-eared fox and a tortoise or two.
Alcona Dam is a hydro-electric dam on the Au Sable River in Michigan.
It is located north of the town Jvari.
To handle additional discharges, there are two additional openings on the dam's orifice and two jet flow openings as part of the outlet works.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it supports a 182 MW power station.
Almost a year later on December 12, 1990, the first generator became operational.
The Votkinsk Hydroelectric Station is a dam and hydroelectric power station on the Kama River along the border of Perm Krai and Udmurtia, Russia.
The dam was built from 1952 to 1957 and consists of an earth-fill dam with integrated concrete inspection walkway.
It was constructed and placed in operation July 1938.
Ohashi Dam is a dam built on the Yoshino River in Agawa District, Kōchi Prefecture of Japan.
Wolwedans Dam is a concrete dam in South Africa located on the Great Brak River near Mossel Bay, Western Cape, South Africa.
The reservoir created by the dam is called Riffe Lake and the primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric production while flood control is secondary.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
The man-made lake which resulted from the construction of the dam is called Otarunai Lake.
Construction on the dam began in 2011 and its first generator was commissioned in March 2015, the other three that same year.
The United States Bureau of Reclamation owns and operates the dam, which was completed in 1951.
There are roads to the road network of both countries, but the border crossing is not open to public.
The dam will be important in controlling floods and releasing water in the dry season for the planned Zauro polder project downstream in Kebbi State.
It is part of the Angat-Ipo-La Mesa water system, which supplies most of the water supply of Metro Manila.
The Scheme was completed under the supervision of Chief Engineer, Sir William Hudson and is the largest engineering project undertaken in Australia.
The dam is not used for hydroelectric production, rather to fill irrigation canals on either bank of the river.
Construction on the dam began in 1958 but was halted in 1961.
It is the largest structure of its kind in the country.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Tawarja Dam, is an earthfill dam on Tawarja river near Ausa, Latur district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
Rehabilitation is in progress and expected completion date was 31 January 2012.
Pantabangan Dam is an earth-fill embankment dam on the Pampanga River located in Pantabangan in Nueva Ecija province of the Philippines.
Otani Dam is a dam in Niigata Prefecture, Japan.
The Act appropriated A£30 million as the estimated cost of construction of the dam.
Huites Dam, officially known as Luis Donaldo Colosio Dam, is located on the Rio Fuerte in northwestern Sinaloa, Mexico 130 kilometres northeast of Los Mochis.
The dam's reservoir has a total capacity of 300,000 m3.
The dispute over the project has contributed significantly to bitter relations between the two former Soviet republics.
Construction of the dam and reservoir began in August 24, 1949, completing four years later in 1953.
With 13,571,000 cubic yards of material, the dam was the largest in the USBR system at the time of its construction.
Completed in 1948 as a flood control and water conservation project of the United States Army Corps of Engineers, the dam impounds the Smoky Hill River.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
It is operated by the Ghana Water Company.This supplies about 80 percent of the potable water for the entire city of Accra and its surrounding environs.
It was built and is operated by the United States Army Corps of Engineers.
Chitose Dam is a dam in Chitose, Hokkaidō, Japan, completed in 1918.
The Oiticica Dam is an earth fill embankment dam between the rivers Seridó and Piranhas-Açu in the southwest Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Norte.
The Sagami Dam is a multi-purpose dam on the main stream Sagami River in Sagamihara, Kanagawa Prefecture on the island of Honshū, Japan.
The dam forms the 112,800-acre-foot El Capitan Reservoir and serves mainly to supply water to the city of San Diego as well as providing flood control.
The main purpose of the dam is for water supply and it creates the artificial Lake Clarrie Hall.
Karpara Dam, is an earthfill dam on Karpara river near Jintur, Parbhani district in state of Maharashtra in India.
York Haven Dam is a low head, run-of-the river, dam and hydroelectric plant on the Susquehanna River, United States.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
Simeon Cobb and Joseph Mason were the contractors in charge of building the dam.
The Vinje Power Station is a hydroelectric power station located near the lake Vinjevatn in the municipality Vinje in Telemark, Norway.
3 and 4 and completion of remaining works on the dam.
It is named after ex-prime minister and president of Iran, Mohammad-Ali Rajai who was killed in a terrorist attack.
Akyar Dam is a dam in Ankara Province, Turkey, built between 1996 and 2001.
It is one of the oldest hydroelectric plants in Russia.
The Mauá Hydroelectric Plant, is a dam and hydroelectric power plant on the Tibagi River near Telêmaco Borba and Ortigueira in Paraná, Brazil.
Ntshingwayo Dam is a combined gravity & arch type dam located on the Ingagane River in South Africa.
It has a full tank level of 1666.80 feet.
The Narva Hydroelectric Station is a hydroelectric power station in Ivangorod, Russia.
Pactola Dam is an embankment dam on Rapid Creek in Pennington County, South Dakota.
Khandoli Dam is a dam located 10 km North-East of Giridih town towards Bengabad in Jharkhand, India.
It is the oldest hydroelectric power plant operated by Consumers Energy who owns the Hardy and Croton dams downstream of Rogers Dam.
Completed in 1931 by the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, it serves mainly for flood control.
With a height of 717 feet, Dworshak is the third tallest dam in the United States and the tallest straight-axis concrete dam in the Western Hemisphere.
The Vorotan Cascade consists of three hydroelectric power plants and five reservoirs with a combined installed capacity of 404.2 MW.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
However, it has indirectly impacted the environment by enabling increased water diversion from sensitive estuary regions.
Shinsumiyogawa Dam is a dam in Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1959.
Maksutlu Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The dam, which creates the lake, is built for hydroelectricity generation.
Construction of the dam began in 1957.
Construction began in 1973 and the dam was complete in 1981 while the power station was commissioned in 1986.
Total land submerged under the reservoir include 1,215 hectares forest land, 810 hectares wasteland, 2,025 hectares cultivable land.
The term "Lake Cascade" came into common use in the 1990s, with the federal name change made in 1999.
The Alvito Dam is a large earthfill dam in Portugal.
Shin-Nariwagawa Dam is a dam in the Okayama Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1968.
Watts Bar Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Tennessee River in Meigs and Rhea counties in Tennessee, United States.
The lock is owned and operated by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
Construction of the dam resulted in the formation of Little Rock Lake approximately five miles upriver.
HRT & PH was constructed by JV of [HCC, Hindustan Construction Company] and Samsung Corporation [E&C] Group.
We know that most of the [environmentalist] criticisms in the media in this regard are ideological.
There is now a regulated flow throughout the year, which has improved the water supply in Niger.
The dam's primary purpose is hydroelectric power generation.
The Lopausee is used exclusively as a nature reserve and for recreation.
A staged rescue at the dam was broadcast in November 1958 as an episode of the syndicated U.S. television series Rescue 8 titled "The Chasm".
Built and managed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, it is used for flood control, irrigation, and recreation.
The site underwent major rehabilitation from 1989 through 2003.
The Nagold Dam in the German state of Baden-Württemberg, was built between 1965 and 1970, and provides flood and drought protection in the Nagold valley.
When completed, the 312 metres tall dam will be the tallest dam in the world.
The average annual power generation from the 60 MW project is 340 GWh with firm power of 39 MW.
A rehabilitation phase ran from 1987 to 1995.
Lower Svir Hydroelectric Station is a hydroelectric station on the Svir River located in the urban-type settlement of Svirstroy, Leningrad Oblast, in northwestern Russia.
Kassa Dam is a dam in Yuzawa, Niigata Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1978.
Construction started in August 1960 with clearing operations around the dam site, and excavations for the spillway and outlet tunnels began in October.
Svir is a part of the Volga–Baltic Waterway, connecting the basins of the Volga and the Neva Rivers, with heavy cargo and cruise traffic.
The foundation stone of the project was laid by late Smt Indira Gandhi, former Prime Minister of India on 23 October 1984.
It is expected that the construction of the dam will cost 487 million.
The purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and irrigation.
Tsukabaru Dam is a concrete gravity dam built on the Mimi River for hydro electric power generation in the Miyazaki Prefecture in Japan.
Like many other reservoirs in Taiwan, Shihmen has suffered from sedimentation, reducing its capacity by over a third.
The primary purpose of the dam is to generate hydroelectric power in a 41.7 megawatts run-of-the-river scheme.
The Subansiri Lower Dam, officially named Subansiri Lower Hydroelectric Project, is an under construction gravity dam on the Subansiri River in NorthEastern India.
The dam serves several purposes to include hydroelectric power production and water storage for irrigation.
Karacalar Dam is a dam in Turkey.
Pit 7 Dam is a run-of-the-river hydroelectric dam across the Pit River in northern California.
Of this, Goa's liability is about Rs 11 billion.
Pinto Dam is a dam in Grant County, Washington.
The dam is owned by the Public Works Department of Brunei.
Thus, low-head, high-volume Kaplan turbine runners drive generation.
It is to be part of the Upía Hydroelectric Project It has a planned installed capacity of 1,750 MW.
The dam's first study was conducted in 1995 and river diversion began in 1997.
Morrison and Knudsen, in turn, subcontracted part of the building of the dam to an Italian company, Impregilo.
Liverpool Offtake Reservoir is a small reservoir in Cecil Hills, New South Wales.
Construction on the dam began in 2006, the first generator was operational in 2005 and the project was complete in 2006.
Presently, the dam water meets the drinking water and industrial demands of three talukas in North Goa: Bicholim, Pernem and Bardez.
The Casecnan Irrigation and Power Generation Project is also located in Rizal, Nueva Ecija.
Plans for the dam were drawn up in 1978 and construction on the diversion tunnels began in 1996.
When complete, the dam will support a 1,200 MW power station and will form a 10.4 billion m3 reservoir.
The arches are still visible on the back face of the dam when the water level in the reservoir is low.
The dam was closed to the public in 2013 due to safety concerns.
The Goodnough Dike is not as large as the Winsor Dam, but it is equally important as they both trap the waters of the Quabbin Reservoir.
The Big Island Dam is a hydroelectric generation facility on the James River near the community of Big Island, Virginia.
From the powerhouse, some water is returned to the river, and some is diverted to Lake Chaplain, where the water enters the Everett water supply system.
The Xayaburi Dam is the first of the 11 dams planned on the lower Mekong.
Tay and Dao indigenous peoples were the majority in the Na Hang district when the dam was constructed.
When water levels in the reservoir are low, three pumps move water into the canal.
The dam has a height 101 of feet and length of 377 feet.
The Cheboksary Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Volga river, the latest of the Volga-Kama Cascade of dams.
S.N.C.Inc., Canada, a firm of Consulting Engineers were advising and assisting Project Engineers under the Canadian Aid.
In order to maintain the recreational and wildlife environments on the reservoir, irrigation releases were halted after 2002.
The uppermost major dam along the Pecos River, it serves for irrigation water storage and flood control.
The Chardara Dam, also known as Chardarin Dam, is an earth-fill embankment dam on the Syr Darya River in Shardara District, Kazakhstan.
Dutch Hollow Lake is a man-made reservoir located in the Town of La Valle,, Wisconsin, United States.
Ross Dam is a 540-foot-high, 1,300-foot-long concrete thin arch dam across the Skagit River, forming Ross Lake.
The reservoir created by this dam spreads on both Vaitarna and Godavari rivers catchment area.
Settlements on the shore of Zeya Dam include Beregovoy, Khvoyny, Gorny, Verknezeysk, Bomnak and Snezhnogorsk.
The high dam was approved by Congress in 1935 and completed in 1942.
The dam is often cited for its role in the modernization of Greece and the first recorded case of seismic activity associated with reservoir inundation.
It is owned and operated by Tractebel Energia.
The original four generators were commissioned in 1966 at 6.5 MW each but were uprated to 7.5 MW in 1997.
The main source of water to the reservoir is from abstraction from the River Severn.
The primary purpose of the dam is generating electricity; in addition, it is used for flood control, irrigation, and "ice flood prevention".
The project’s powerhouse is integral with the dam and contains five generating units with a total installed capacity of 7,500 kilowatts.
Doring River Dam is an earth-fill type dam on the Doring River, near Indwe, Eastern Cape, South Africa.
The damming of the river created Foster Reservoir, which is a popular fishing and water sports area.
Above the concrete dam is a lookout point.
Yale Dam is a 323-foot high earth-type hydroelectric dam on the Lewis River, in the U.S. state of Washington, owned by PacifiCorp.
Kurram Tangi Dam is planned dam on the Kurram River in Bannu and North Waziristan Agency, Pakistan.
The dam supplies the Lephalale area, Grootgeluk coal mine, Matimba power station and part of the water requirements of Medupi power station.
The reservoir impounded by the dam has a surface area of 212.28 km2 with live storage capacity of 1.994 km3 or 75 tmcft.
It was created in 1989 and serves mainly for irrigation purposes.
It was established in 1985 and has been renovated in 1994.
Yunose Dam is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1969.
It generates 140 megawatts of power for the Luzon grid that will supply cheap electricity to millions of people in Luzon including Metro Manila.
It is owned by Companhia Portuguesa de Produção de Electricidade.
Gross Reservoir, located in Boulder County, Colorado, is owned and operated by Denver Water.
Since 1973, the dam and hydroelectric power plant have been operated by Eletrobras Furnas.
The Murum Hydroelectric Project is the second Step-Hydroelectric Project of the four steps, and is 70 km from the constructing Bakun Hydroelectric Project downstream.
The primary purpose of the dam is irrigation.
Completed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in 1962, Terminus is an earthfill dam 255 ft high and 2,375 ft long.
Kand Dam is small earth core rock-fill dam under construction in North Waziristan Agency of FATA, Pakistan.
It is a run-of-river type of project and currently is the largest power plant of any kind in Nepal with an installed capacity of 144 MW.
The dam and power station were designed by Kristian Thomsen and S. A. Angelo in 1909.
The dam is 32 m high and has a crest length of 158 m. It is supported by six arched buttresses.
It is owned by Companhia Portuguesa de Produção de Electricidade.
The project was completed in 1969 at a cost of $88 million.
It was built between 1994 and 2007.
Although the Saville Dam was completed in 1940, it wasn't until 1948 that the Barkhamsted Reservoir finally filled to capacity.
The Mettur Dam is one of the largest dams in India.
The installed capacity of both power stations will be 850 MW.
Construction began in April 1952 and finished in May 1956.
The area is now a wildlife haven, with a Woodland Trail which links to High Bullough reservoir.
In 2000 the Waqraqucha dam was erected at the western end of the lake at 11°16′29.7″S 76°02′14.9″W.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it supports the 60 MW Kulekhani I and 32 MW Kulekhani II Hydropower Stations.
The primary purpose for the barrage is irrigation but it also serves to provide water for hydroelectric power production and control floods.
The Los Reyunos Dam is an embankment dam on the Diamante River, in central Mendoza Province, Argentina, some twenty-two miles from the city of San Rafael.
The dam's power house is located underground near the toe and spillway.
The dam's main purpose is water supply for the Lower Hunter region.
There's also a wide earthen dam on the western side of the facility.
From 1959 on, the water was also used to drive a hydropower plant of 3.2 MW.
Or, visitors can follow the trails that lead to Ajoba and Ghanchakkar peaks.
Completed in 1971, Manapouri was built to supply electricity to the Tiwai Point aluminium smelter near Bluff, some 160 km to the southeast.
The dam is still used as a historic fishing location by the Yakama Indian Nation, and traditional fishing scaffolds can be seen there year-round.
In 2004, the facility was listed in the National Register of Historic Places as Lock and Dam No.
The dam was initiated by the military regime of General Olusegun Obasanjo and started in 1983 by the administration of Shehu Shagari.
Electricity from the dam would supply about two-thirds of Alaska's population.
The Manantali Dam was completed in 1988.
Both these sites would be located approximately 10 km apart.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The first dam, of rock-crib design, was built in 1839 to power local cotton mills.
The dam was constructed between 1947 and 1955 with the primary purpose of hydroelectric power production.
For construction supervision the services of NESPAK were hired.
Toktogul Reservoir is the largest of the reservoirs on the path of the Naryn River, a northern tributary of the Syr Darya.
The lake is 2.9 miles west of Bethany.
A tender for the Cizre Dam was unsuccessfully issued in May 2008 but another issue on 15 May 2014 left Zorlu Energy as the winning bidder.
The rock-fill dam was built by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works on the Riva Creek to provide tap water for the city.
The PPA dictates how much the project can generate for each month of the Nepali Calendar.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked significant.
The Laforge-1 is a hydroelectric power station on the Laforge River, a tributary of the La Grande River, and is part of Hydro-Québec's James Bay Project.
The dam and the power plant are operated by the TransCanada Corp.
Kodiveri Dam, is located on the Bhavani river near Gobichettipalayam in Western Tamil Nadu.
At the time it was completed, Diablo Dam, at 389 feet, was the tallest dam in the world.
Considerable costs were involved in the government funded project, the clearing of the area for the reservoir, called the Trench, alone cost $5 million.
It is located in the municipality Miranda do Douro, in Bragança District, Portugal.
This dam flows into the Theewaterskloof dam, which is a major supplier of drinking water to the city of cape town.
Another purpose of the dam which has been widely reported in the Turkish press is to reduce the freedom of movement of Kurdistan Workers' Party militants.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation.
The Eildon Power Station is a hydroelectric power station at Lake Eildon, Victoria, Australia.
The power station has a nominal output of 60 kW and generates 0.18 GWh per annum.
The purpose of the dam is to store water for irrigation but also to generate power.
The dam supports a 220 MW hydroelectric power station.
Dworshak Dam is a concrete gravity dam in the western United States, on the North Fork Clearwater River in Clearwater County, Idaho.
It is expected that dry areas will be brought under cultivation with irrigation water provided by the dam.
Chargaon Dam, is an earthfill dam on Chargaon river near Varora, Chandrapur district in state of Maharashtra in India.
The facility generates up to 6.5 GWh of power annually.
It is also known as the Kobuchi Reservoir, Kobuchi Disaster Prevention Reservoir, and Kani River Disaster Prevention Kobuchi Dam.
In addition to being a tourist attraction Sempor Dam is a source of irrigation water for farmers.
The Vaal Dam in South Africa was constructed in 1938 and lies 77 km south of OR Tambo International Airport.
Apart from power generation, the other objectives of the five projects are use of water resources for irrigation, drinking and household water supply.
Completed in 2009, the primary purpose of the dam is to support its 300 MW power station.
Manar Project is situated at village Barul which is, 51.92 km.
The station is operated by the Kenya Electricity Generating Company and is part of the Seven Forks Scheme.
Mursal Dam is an irrigation and industrial water dam in Sivas, Turkey.
Wirtz Dam was constructed from 1949 to 1951 to provide hydroelectric power and to form Lake Lyndon B. Johnson, one of the Texas Highland Lakes.
It was established in 1968 and its main purpose is for irrigation use.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The Fisher Power Station is a conventional hydroelectric power station located in north-western Tasmania, Australia.
The dam was constructed between 1945 and 1951.
Akra Kaur Dam, sometimes also referred to as Ankara Kaur Dam, is located near Gawadar in Balochistan, Pakistan.
It is 18.4 metres tall, is Japan's first rock-fill embankment dam, and is intended to prevent damage to farmland from flooding.
It is located about 100 km northeast of Jeddah.
China built the dam and operates its 190 MW power station.
Stage II's power station contains three 100 MW Francis turbine generators.
The Kürtün Dam is a concrete-face rock-fill dam on the Harşit River located 5 km east of Kürtün in Gümüşhane Province, Turkey.
The station utilises a 185 metres fall from the dam at the end of the 18 km long reservoir Virdnejávri.
The Tellico Dam case illustrates the United States' changing attitudes toward dams and the environment.
It impounds Indian Creek for recreation and wildlife conservation, part of the state's larger Upper Feather River Project.
The dam's run-of-the-river hydroelectric power station will have 50 turbines each rated at 71.6 MW resulting in a total installed capacity of 3,580 MW.
The other two dams are Diablo Dam, directly below Ross Dam, and Gorge Dam, further downstream.
820,000 cubic metres of concrete and 5,000 tonnes of steel were built into the dam.
It has been operated by Statkraft since 2008 after it was transferred from E.ON UK as part of a swap for shares.
It is an important center of energy production in Mali surpassed only by the Manantali Dam on the Bafing River.
The power station has an installed capacity of 186.5 MW which feeds into the Java grid managed by the state-owned electricity company Perusahaan Listrik Negara.
It is located at river mile 90.5.
The power station was commissioned in 1969 and is supplied by the Outardes-4 Reservoir which is created by seven additional dams.
The dam serves several purposes to include hydroelectric power production, irrigation tourism and fisheries.
Known at the time of its construction as Shoshone Dam, it was renamed in 1946 to honor Cody.
Flood water releases are controlled by a spillway with five radial gates, which can pass up to 247,000 cu ft/s.
Gosho Dam is a multipurpose dam on the Shizukuishi River, a branch of the Kitakami River in Morioka, Iwate Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1981.
The lake was constructed in the early 1970s for the purpose of flood control.
The facility is owned and operated by the Churchill Falls Labrador Corporation Limited, a joint venture between Nalcor Energy and Hydro-Québec.
It can hold 35 million cu m of water and has a surface area of 445 ha when full.
When full the lake stores 2.2 cubic kilometres of water and has an area of 409 square kilometres.
The dam and lake are part of the Turtle Creek Recreation Area, and is owned by a local community group.
Karaidemir Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The primary purpose of the dam is water supply and it also supports a 13 MW hydroelectric power station.
Tekezé Dam is a double-curvature arch dam located on the border of Amhara and Tigray region of Ethiopia.
The renovations, which are intended to improve the reliability of the system in the event of an earthquake, are on schedule to be completed in 2016.
Carrapatelo Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Douro, where the river forms the border line between the districts of Porto and Viseu.
It also provides municipal water to Spanish Town.
During filling, on November 17, the diversion tunnel gate failed and the water inside the reservoir rushed downstream.
The dam site houses two power stations, one built in 1976 and another built in 1995.
There are roads to Pavananagar from Pune & Lonavla.
The dam is located in the Mandsaur district of the state of Madhya Pradesh.
Fika-Patso Dam is a combined earth-fill/rock-fill type dam located on the Namahadi River, the uppermost section of the Elands River, a tributary of the Wilge River.
It was constructed across the Barakar River, at Tilaiya in Koderma district in the Indian state of Jharkhand and opened in 1953.
Pakadiguddam Dam, is an earthfill dam on Deogad river near Chandrapur in the state of Maharashtra in India.
Vajiralongkorn Dam, formerly named the Khao Laem Dam, is a concrete-face rock-fill dam in Thong Pha Phum district in Kanchanaburi, Thailand.
The dam serves to provide flood control, water supply, navigation and hydroelectric power generation.
(These people have since been accommodated in the Batang Ai Resettlement Scheme to cultivate cocoa and rubber but the programme has not been successful.
Morbe Dam is a gravity dam on the Dhavari river near Khalapur, Raigad district in the state of Maharashtra, India.
Balçova Dam is a dam in İzmir Province, Turkey, built between 1970 and 1980.
This section, the only standard gauge railway in Saxony with an incline of 1:20, was once known as the Eibenstock Ramp.
The dam is named for the downstream Rainbow Falls, a 45 ft waterfall that is the third of the five Great Falls of the Missouri.
The primary purpose of the dam is to produce hydroelectric power and it supports a 116 MW power station.
This project will provide drinking, irrigation and Environmental water for Kabul province.
The structure is currently flooded underneath Don Pedro Reservoir, which is formed by the New Don Pedro Dam.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The Srinagarind Dam is an embankment dam on the Khwae Yai river in Si Sawat District of Kanchanaburi Province, Thailand.
Tellico Dam does not produce any electricity.
The current Hauser Dam is 700 feet long and 80 feet high.
It borders the Flint Hills National Wildlife Refuge to the northwest.
The dam is 162 feet tall, 3.1 miles long, and 1,100 feet wide at its base.
When constructed, it will be the third largest hydroelectric power station in Vietnam.
It creates the largest reservoir in Chile with a capacity of 700,000,000 m3.
It is north of the city of Jamestown, North Dakota.
The dam was "capped off" with concrete on 24 December 2011 and the generators were commissioned a week later on 31 December.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
However, the dam flooded archaeological and cultural sites and displaced some 1.3 million people, and is causing significant ecological changes, including an increased risk of landslides.
The reservoir has a design storage volume of 96,000,000 m3 by an estimated 80 percent of this is now silt.
First proposed in the early 1930s, the dam was initially rejected because of its remote site and Depression conditions in New Mexico.
The other four were operational in 1957 and the project was complete in 1959.
The discharge from the dam can be quite heavy.
However, the increased irrigation allowed by the dam has also led to the destruction of some of North America's most extensive wetland habitats.
Wadi Rajil has a catchment area of 300 km2 reaching 35 km north into Jebel Druze.
Its primary purpose is flood control and it is owned by Optimum Colliery Pullen's Hope.
The purpose of the dam is to control floods and supply water for irrigation.
The spillway elevation for Arrowrock is 3,219 feet above sea level and its primary purpose is to provide irrigation water for agriculture.
The dam and lake are named after President Andrew Jackson, who lived in the vicinity at The Hermitage.
The plant has 3 different turbines with a total installed capacity of 6.88 MW.
The dam was constructed to serve as the lower reservoir for the Minhu Pumped Storage Hydro Power Station.
San Antonio Dam is an embankment flood control and debris dam on San Antonio Creek in San Bernardino County, California, about 5 miles north of Ontario.
It is named after late legislator, D. Sripada Rao.
Its primary purpose is the generation of hydroelectricity and the original power station contained four Francis turbine-generators.
The dam irrigates an area of 6,600 hectares and has a maximum hydroelectricity production of 76 MW.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it supports a 600 megawattspower station.
Water from an intake on the saddle dam travels through a 4,060 m headrace tunnel to the power station which is located underground.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The Goodnough Dike is on the southeastern end of the Quabbin Reservoir, the largest water body in Massachusetts.
It was established in 1937 and its main purpose is for irrigation use.
By the 1920s the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers reviewed the possibilities for hydroelectric power.
To also provide for irrigation and water supply, the Katapathar Barrage will be built downstream of the Vyasi Dam.
Minowa Dam is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1992.
The reservoir has a storage capacity of 360,000,000 m3 and the power station has an installed capacity of 54 MW.
The entire project was completed in 2002.
The Saidenbach Dam is a dam in the German state of Saxony.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and the power plant was constructed in two stages.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Completed by 1912 the Ocoee Dam No.
Ure Dam is a gravity dam in the Aichi Prefecture of Japan.
The ground clearance works and relocation of people was completed by September 2010.
It was registered in the list of historic monuments in France in 1992.
The hydroelectric plant produces 42 MW of power in addition to providing irrigation for 75,000 hectares of farmland.
It is the first large modern water conservancy project in Heilongjiang.
This is the first ever built dam in India .Dam construction was initiated by visionary Rajarshi Shahu on 18 February 1907.
The Bhushi Dam is a masonry dam on the Indrayani River in Lonavala, Maharashtra, India.
Although the power station is located on a river, Lake Inari is regulated as storage for all of the power stations in the drainage basin.
Bokani Dam, is an earthfill dam on local river near Udgir in state of Maharashtra in India.
However, due to sediment accumulation in the reservoir, the dam later had to be re-engineered and renovated.
Part of a run-of-the-river power scheme, it diverts the waters of the Beas to the southwest through a 38 km long system of tunnels and channels.
Recreation includes camping, boating, fishing, hunting, and hiking, as well as seven day-use parks maintained by the Corps.
Each turbine can discharge up to 270 m3/s and are afforded 30 m of hydraulic head.
Madikwe Dam is an earth-fill type dam located on the Tholwane River, near Madikwe, North West, South Africa.
The Mazar Dam is a concrete-face rock-fill dam on the Paute River Cañar Province, Ecuador.
The power station building has been designed by architect Bertel Strömmer and the master plan of the area by architect Alvar Aalto.
It was authorized by the Flood Control Act of 1941 and construction began the next year.
It impounds the waters of Beaver Brook and therefore closes that exit to the Chicopee River Watershed.
The feasibility study of the project was carried out by joint consultant firms Artelia of France & Mott MacDonald of UK.
Its main purpose is for municipal and industrial use.
Water from the dam's reservoir is used to irrigate about 20,000 ha of farmland.
Pelar Dam is a proposed dam located across Nai River in Awaran District of Balochistan, Pakistan.
Constructed between 1967 and 1972, the development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Çine Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The Cave Buttes Dam is an earthen dam located near Cave Creek, Arizona.
In 1951 additional site information was gathered with studies and estimates refined.
The drop in elevation affords a hydraulic head of 299 metres.
The dam is designed for both flood control and flow augmentation purposes.
Nandoni Dam consist of various places for fishing competitions, camping and lodging.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it supports a 4 megawatts power station.
It is fed with the outflow from the Vaal Dam as well as rain collected in the Vaal, Vet, Vals and Sand River catchment areas.
The dam was built by Appalachian Power between 1960 and 1963 for the purposes of pumped-storage hydroelectricity.
From 2009 to 2012, units 6 to 8 were refurbished to increase the plant capacity by 90 megawatts.
The Chain of Rocks Lock is operated by the St. Louis District of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
It was constructed between 1985 and 2000.
Prado Flood Control Basin also provides water storage for groundwater recharge operations.
It is located along the border of the state of São Paulo to the north and the state of Paraná to the south.
Hansen Dam is a flood control dam in the northeastern San Fernando Valley, in the Lake View Terrace neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.
Project has an estimated live capacity to hold 178.74 Tmcft at its full reservoir level of 885 feet MSL.
The Kirazlık Dam is a gravity dam on the Botan River, 9 km east of Siirt in Siirt Province of southeastern Turkey.
Akköy Dam is a dam in Kayseri Province, Turkey, built between 1964 and 1967.
The Linganamakki dam(Kannada: ಲಿಂಗನಮಕ್ಕಿ ಅಣೆಕಟ್ಟು) was constructed by the Karnataka State Government in 1964.
The dam impounds the TVA Watauga Reservoir of 6,430 acres, and its tailwaters feed into Wilbur Lake.
It was built in 1973 by the Government of Maharashtra.
The unexpected siltation threatens safe operation of the dams and power generation, in addition to drastically shortening the predicted operational lifespan of the dam.
The foundation stone for the dam was laid on 5 June 2000 by Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
Below the dam, the South Fork flows northwestward into the reservoir behind the concrete Arrowrock Dam, completed in 1915.
The site is downstream from the existing W.A.C.
Construction of the project that began in 1995 consists of 5 generators each with a maximum power generation capacity of 290MW.
Currently, the dam does not impound a reservoir and a large segment of its lower downstream face has fallen off.
The spillway has ten gates and is 590 feet long.
This facility is the fifth downstream hydroelectric plant of six on the Abitibi River.
Construction of the dam began in 1983.
Arch dams are thin and require less material to construct than other dam types.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it supports a 194 MW power station.
Boca Dam's area of significance includes agriculture, conservation, and engineering.
The living conditions of our people are very crucial for us."
The Furnas Dam is a hydroelectric dam in the Minas Gerais state of Brazil.
In addition to these main works, transmission lines stretch 225 km.
Construction of the dam inundated five communes involving about 4,000 households from an area of almost 8,000 hectares.
Paute was constructed between 1976 and 1983 on the Paute River and designed on the premise that it would be erected upstream of the Mazar Dam.
Construction of the dam began in 1972.
At this point, the turbines and generators were loaded into the power house and the earth-fill section on the dam's left bank was completed.
The Karoo sediments in the area contain a lot of salts and it has been found that lengthy storage of water results in high water salinity.
Elevation above sea level is 267 metres.
Construction of the dam and power plant began in 1982 and was complete in 1997.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The earth dam with stone cladding on the water face is still in use.
It has an associated 520 MW power station and its reservoir helps irrigate up to 80,500 ha of farmland.
The Karun-3 power generators are connected to the national power grid network.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The dam's reservoir has a total capacity of 215,500 m3.
The dam and its hydroelectric facility are located in Liujia Gorge, or Liujiaxia, just downstream from where the Tao River flows into the Yellow River.
Water from the dam's reservoir is transferred for irrigation in Kordestan and Kermanshah provinces via 20 km Gavoshan Water Conveyance Tunnel.
Ishikawauchi Dam is a dam in Kijō, Miyazaki Prefecture, Japan, completed in 2007.
As part of the project, the much smaller Cizre Dam is to be constructed downstream for irrigation and power.
The Takisato Dam is a dam on the Sorachi River in west central Hokkaidō, Japan.
There are four more dams upstream from the Stratos Dam: the Kastraki Dam, the Kremasta Dam, the Sykia Dam and the Mesochora Dam.
There are two installed Kaplan turbines producing a total of 60 Megawatts.
The current power station replaced an older one built in the 1920s.
The dam is anticipated to be the world's highest of its kind upon completion.
Ghanewadi Dam, is an earthfill dam on Kundlika river near Jalocala, Jalna district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The Tareelaroi Weir is a weir across the Gwydir River, located in the North West Slopes region of New South Wales, Australia.
The last major rehabilitation was from 1989 to 1999.
Conchas Dam is a dam on the Canadian River in San Miguel County, New Mexico in the United States, about 50 miles northeast of Santa Rosa.
It is named after Illinois Congressman Charles Melvin Price.
Muratlı Dam is a dam on the Çoruh River in Muratlı village, 12 km north east of Borçka in Artvin Province, Turkey.
Together with La Grande-1, they are the only two generating stations of the James Bay Project that use a reservoir without any major waterlevel fluctuations.
The main lock is 110 feet wide by 600 feet long; there is also an incomplete auxiliary lock.
The station is named after Bruce Campbell, a former president of SaskPower who was also the assistant chief engineer during the construction of the station.
Gulpur Hydropower Project is a part of least-cost energy generation plan, being executed by WAPDA to harness the indigenous hydropower resources of the country.
Along with the Upper Salmon Falls and Lower Salmon Falls dam projects, Bliss Dam is part of Idaho Power Company's Mid-Snake Projects.
Soldier Creek Dam is an earthen dam on the Strawberry River, located in Wasatch County, Utah in the United States.
Bhandardara sits by the Pravara River, and the natural environment, waterfalls, mountains, Wilson dam, Arthur lake and Randha falls are tourist attractions.
It is constructed across Chimoni river, a tributary of Karuvannur river.Chimmony is the largest dam of Thrissur district
Köse Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The 108-foot-high masonry arch dam impounds 960-acre Sweetwater Reservoir.
Tippy Dam or Tippy Hydro was built 1918 and is a hydroelectric dam operated by Consumers Energy.
Kudnur Dam, is an earthfill dam on local river near Chandgad, Kolhapur district in state of Maharashtra in India.
Bhavanisagar Dam or Lower Bhavani Dam, is located in Erode district, Tamil Nadu, India.
Its reservoir forms the lower basin of the Hornberg stage and it is thus part of the Schluchseewerk network.
9 is a lock and dam located near Lynxville, Wisconsin and Harpers Ferry, Iowa on the Upper Mississippi River around river mile 647.9.
The dam is owned and operated by Manitoba Hydro.
Olifantsnek Dam, is an arch type dam located on the Hex River, near Rustenburg, North West, South Africa.
It was named after a ranch that used to be located nearby known as the Old Stewart Ranch.
Its significance largely eclipsed the previous Aswan Low Dam initially completed in 1902 downstream.
The Bao Dam on the Bao River is 113 m and withholds a reservoir with a maximum storage capacity of 280,000,000 m3.
In 1999, a sanitaion project was launched to protect the reservoir from waste water pollution.
Under contract from Turkey's State Hydraulic Works, Hidrokon began construction on the dam in 2008 and a completion date has not been announced.
The reservoir behind the dam also serves as a pumped storage facility in conjunction with neighboring Ikehara Dam in Wakayama.
The location is suitable for both anglers and walkers.
After the family were given six months to leave the farms they bought two farms right next to Voëlvlei Dam known today as Bosplaas.
The disaster marked the end of Mulholland's career.
Sultan Mahmud Power Station or Kenyir Dam is the hydroelectric dam which forms Kenyir Lake, Terengganu, Malaysia.
The project additionally added a second route to the mainland that redirected traffic away from Boston's choked Orange Street causeway.
The Tankeng Dam is a concrete-face rock-fill embankment dam on the Ou River located 24 km west of Qingtian, Zhejiang Province, China.
It helps irrigate 10,220 ha of land.
If completed, the dam's designed main purpose is to provide protection from a failure of the unstable Mosul Dam upstream.
The dam has a capacity of 4,000 m3 through the spillway and 278 m3 through the head regulator.
Bhakra dam is 15 km from Nangal city and 20 km from Naina Devi town.
The Niululing Dam is a gravity dam on a tributary of the Wanquan River in Hainan Province, China.
It is part of the Hells Canyon Project that also includes Hells Canyon Dam and Brownlee Dam, built and operated by Idaho Power Company.
It was inaugurated by President Denis Sassou-Nguesso on the 7 May 2011.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Corra Linn Dam is a concrete hydroelectric dam on the Kootenay River in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
There is a park at the base of the dam called Ellis Park maintained by the Tamil Nadu Public Works Department.
It was commissioned in 1961 and construction was organised from the 'hydro town' of Mangakino.
It is named after the town Tarbela, in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, about 50 kilometres northwest of Islamabad.
The reservoir is 128 kilometres long and has an average width of 528 metres.
The project has been built at a cost of US$1.5 billion.
The purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and flood control.
An approach road of 25.76 km in length has been constructed from Soankhed on Nanded-Latur road connecting the dam site.
The Renzonghai Dam is a rock-fill embankment dam on the Tianwanhe River, a tributary of the Dadu River, in Shimian County of Sichuan Province, China.
27, is a lock situated at the southern end of Chouteau Island near St. Louis, Missouri on the Upper Mississippi River.
In 1948 the government of Dr. D.F.
The Silverado Trail leads to the reservoir passing it from north to south to the west of the lake and Rector Canyon.
It is located 40 km southwest of Ji'an in Jilin Province, China and Manpo in Chagang Province, North Korea.
It was constructed and placed in operation in June 1936.
Vanderkloof Dam is the second-largest dam in South Africa, having the highest dam wall in the country at 108 metres.
The Keddara Dam, or Barrage Keddara, is an embankment dam 6 km northwest of Keddara on the Boudouaou River in Boumerdès Province, Algeria.
COPCO was an acronym referring to the California Oregon Power Company, which merged into Pacific Power and Light in 1961, and is now known as Pacificorp.
Inspections in 1988 indicated a high risk of dam failure in an earthquake.
Although originally supplying its own electricity through a small hydro-electricity plant, this was discontinued in 1961.
Construction of the dam started on September 1991 and was completed on December 26, 1999.
In 1994, Hydro-Québec paid the local Innu CA$20.9 million as compensation.
Tulloch Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Stanislaus River in central California.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The dam's main purpose is hydroelectric power generation and it was later named after Antonio José de Sucre.
The main purpose of the dam is for irrigation, where the dam provides regulated water supplies along Deep Creek, a tributary of the Mary River.
The Acaray Dam is a hydroelectric dam situated in Hernandarias, Paraguay.
The lake is formed by a dam across the north fork of Pacheco Creek, whose waters reach Monterey Bay by way of the Pajaro River.
The Cotter Dam is a concrete gravity and rockfill embankment dam across the Cotter River, located in the Australian Capital Territory, Australia.
The barrage can discharge up to 27,000 m3/s downstream with 42 spillway gates which are each 18.2 m wide.
Named for its builder, "Captain" William Banning, it impounds Eleanor Creek to form the recreational Lake Eleanor.
The plant is operated by Sanima Mai Hydropower Limited, a public company developing various hydropower projects in Nepal.
It has been described by The Hindu as a "lifeline for a large part of Telangana".
Hiwassee Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Hiwassee River in Cherokee County, in the U.S. state of North Carolina.
The Three Gorges Dam is the world's largest power station in terms of installed capacity.
The Beauharnois Hydroelectric Power Station is a run-of-the-river hydroelectric power station along the Saint Lawrence Seaway on the Saint Lawrence River, in Quebec, Canada.
Priest Rapids, for which the dam was named, are now submerged beneath the dam's reservoir.
In 2004, the facility was listed in the National Register of Historic Places as Lock and Dam No.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
The 174 m long structure features three slight bends in its course.
Bhojapur Dam, is an earthfill dam on Mahalungi river near Sinnar, Nashik district in state of Maharashtra in India.
In 1952, 26,440 hectares were irrigated from water provided by the Gharraf Canal.
Nilüfer Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The cost of the dam and land base at that time was close to $6 million.
Hatori Dam is a dam in Ten'ei, Fukushima Prefecture, Japan.
Derebucak Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The water freezes over during the winter months, affecting supply.
The 125 m tall dam withholds a reservoir of 1,175,000,000 m3 and provides 848,000,000 m3 in flood storage.
The Mid Manair Dam is a major irrigation project under construction across the Manair River, at Manwada Village, Boinpalli Mandal, Rajanna Sircilla district, Telangana.
Most of the water is actually diverted through a tunnel from the Qishan River to the east, adding 408 square kilometres to the drainage area.
In Hakkari are the Gölgeliyamaç and Çocuktepe Dams on the Güzeldere River and the Aslandağ and Beyyurdu Dams on the Bembo River.
Overlooking the dam reservoir, a walled settlement of the Neo-Hittites was discovered on Karatepe dating back to the 8th century BC.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The Chao Phraya Dam is a barrage dam in Sapphaya District, Chai Nat, Thailand.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it supports a 947.5 MW power station.
Brandvlei Dam is an earth-fill type dam on the Lower Brandvlei River in Western Cape, South Africa.
The main purpose of the dam is for potable water supply of the Brisbane region.
The reservoir was created in 1973 by the damming of the Wendebach stream, a tributary of the Leine, with an earth dam.
Since the 1990s the maximum allowed storage of water has been restricted, to ensure that the dam will not collapse due to seismic instability.
On the other hand, we are already taking reasonable and sincere criticisms into account and we are examining them.
At 300 m, it is currently the second tallest man-made dam in the world.
It is one of the tourist attractions in Khammam district.
Hugh Keenleyside served as the chairman of the British Columbia Power Commission and co-chairman at the British Columbia Hydro and Power Authority from 1962 to 1969.
The dam is located a mile east of the town of Umatilla, Oregon, and 8 miles north of Hermiston, Oregon.
The dam is 1,700 m long and 40 m tall.
The dam is 60 metres high and 4.5 kilometres long and is the largest dam in Syria.
The dam and power station was constructed under the build–operate–transfer method and cost US$756.2 million.
It forms Lake McClure, which impounds the river for irrigation and hydroelectric power production and has a capacity of more than 1,000,000 acre feet.
The dam also has a water release structure, a water intake system, a powerhouse, two main transformers and four sets of 220 kV transmission lines.
Work on the dam began in 2004.
The dam was completed in 1944 as a primary source of electricity in southern Korea.
It is 8 km north of Kozan.
Hiju Dam is a dam in Kusu, Ōita Prefecture, Japan, and it was completed in 1969.
and is the fourth-oldest water-diversion or water-regulator structures in the world which is still in use.
It was constructed along with Saylorville Dam as a flood control project by the US Army Corps of Engineers, Rock Island District.
The dam is referred to as the Champion Dam in official documentation.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and irrigation.
It is located between the parishes of San Andrés de los Tacones and Serín, in the municipality of Gijón.
Created after 1970 floods in Romania, the lake controls the water output of the Crasna River.
The river was diverted in September 1983 and the first generator was operational on 25 December 1986.
Reportedly, Syrian officials had ignored warnings that the dam was in need of serious repair.
In 2015 an infrastructure development company has been appointed to do the supervision and contracts management of the project to raise the dam level.
It was constructed in 1949-1951 in order to provide hydroelectric power.
The reservoir flooded many buildings and farms of Barkhamsted, including the village of Barkhamsted Hollow.
Surveys for the dam were completed in 2008, construction began in 2009 and the dam began to impound its reservoir in October 2012.
Construction of the dam began in 2006 and it is expected to be complete by 2016.
Hasanlar Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The plant was officially commissioned on 31 July 2009.
Its purpose is recreation and water supply for Grahamstown.
The dam stands 154 m tall and 1,317 m wide.
Visapur Dam, is an earthfill dam on Hanga river near Srigonda, Ahmednagar district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked as high.
Keswick Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Sacramento River about 2 miles northwest of Redding, California.
The purpose of the dam is flood control, hydroelectricity, recreation and water supply.
The camp was operated from 1944 through 1947.
9.61 crore, which, as of 2007, is estimated to cost Rs.
The installed capacity of the power station is 800 MW.
It was established in 1952 and has been renovated in 1974.
It is owned and operated by BC Hydro.
The power plant houses three 273 megawatts Francis turbine-generators.
The dam is designed to service an irrigation area of 37,744 ha.
The Futatsuya-Toshuko Dam is a dam in Fukui Prefecture of Japan, completed in 2005.
The Kiliansteich is one of the oldest reservoirs in Germany.
The weir portion got breached in November 2015 unable to withstand the normal water release from the hydro power stations.
In the event of a large-scale grid outage, McNary would provide the black start capability necessary to restart other generation facilities.
and its right canal provides water to 2,275 km2 of land.
Between 1818 and 1821, the dam was constructed by extending Beacon Street westward.
The power station, which is owned by Pasvik Kraft, a subsidiary of Varanger Kraft, makes use of a 20-metre fall in the river.
The structure is currently flooded underneath Don Pedro Reservoir, which is formed by the New Don Pedro Dam.
The major fish species found in the reservoir include catla, rohu, mrigal, wallago attu, mystus and chitala.
The Daguangba Dam is a multi-purpose dam on the Changhua River in Hainan Province, China.
The Angostura Diversion Dam consists of a concrete weir section 17 feet high and 800 feet long.
The dam was completed in the early 1930s as part of the Naharayim Rutenberg hydroelectric power plant project.
Currently at approximately 900 ft in height, it is the tallest dam in the Western Hemisphere.
Nyabarongo Power Station is a 28 megawatts hydroelectric power station in Rwanda.
The United Nations has described this project as the "least environmentally acceptable major dam project in Africa."
In 2015, the water levels at the dam were at a record low, and on 20 February 2016, the water storage level was measured at 31%.
In 2004, the facility was listed in the National Register of Historic Places as Lock and Dam No.
The outer face of the dam was made with precast concrete blocks.
Hakusui Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the upper reaches of the Ōno River in Taketa, Ōita Prefecture, Japan.
Leeu-Gamka Dam is an earth-fill type dam located on the Leeuw River, near Beaufort West, Western Cape, South Africa.
Beylikova Dam is a dam in Eskişehir Province, Turkey.
Construction began in 2011 and both dams are expected to be complete by March 2016.
The fifth Francis turbine-generator, rated at 122 MW, at the Saint Pierre power station, on the left bank of the river, was commissioned in 1988.
Melkefoss power station is a hydro electric dam on the Paatsjoki river in the Sør-Varanger municipality in Finnmark, Norway.
There is little data available about reservoir size or number of people who will be displaced.
It was constructed between 1986 and 1999.
The dam is located between Costeşti and Stânca.
The Karcham Wangtoo Hydroelectric Plant is a 1,000 megawatts run-of-the-river hydroelectric power station on the Sutlej River in Kinnaur district of Himachal Pradesh, India.
It was built by the Bureau of Reclamation, one of eight federal agencies authorized to construct dams.
Al-Rastan Dam is an embankment dam on the Orontes River in the city of Al-Rastan, Homs Governorate, Syria.
Studies for the dam were carried out in the mid to late 1970s and construction began on the diversion works in 1997.
On April 10, 2015, Gujarat Chief Minister dedicated Rs.
The Álvaro Obregón Dam is an embankment dam on the Yaqui River north of Ciudad Obregón, in Sonora, Mexico.
The project is expected to be complete in February 2018.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
It was constructed between 1977 and 1982.
On 8 September the spillway from the dam completely failed, causing much more widespread flooding.
The dam was constructed in 1982 and has a height of 18 m and storage capacity of 130,000 m3.
The projects existing on the downstream are Matatila Dam Project, Dhukwan Dam and Parichha Dam.
The entire site is surrounded by the Plumas National Forest.
The dam later was used as a water supply for the Umayyad palace of Qasr al-Hayr al-Gharbi.
The plant started operating in 1927 and produces annually 38 GWh of electrical power.
The lake is located within Monti Sibillini National Park.
The station is located 40 kilometres from the mouth of the Alta River, and it receives most of its water from the great Finnmarksvidda plateau.
The reservoir and later construction of a federal highway has spurred ecotourism in the area.
The 287,000-megalitre water store is located in Emerald-Clematis-Dewhurst in south-eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
In February 2017, the main and emergency spillways failed, leading to the evacuation of 188,000 people living near the dam.
There is an ornamental garden attached to the dam, called Brindavan Gardens.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
It is located about 2 miles west of Hinachi Dam, which is actually on a different branch of the Nabari River.
Construction on Stage II began in August 2005 and the reservoir began to fill in October 2009.
Mokolo Dam is a rock-fill type dam located on the Mokolo River, near Lephalale, Limpopo, South Africa.
Alto Rabagão Dam is a concrete dam on the Rabagão River, a left tributary of the Cávado River.
The reservoir is supplied by the rivers Alvares and Narcea, from this last one thank to the Canal del Narcea, a 27 km channel.
Responsibility for operation of the project rests with the national power utility Electricité du Laos, a state enterprise under the Ministry of Industry and Handicraft.
Lying against the southern low hills of the Western Ghats, Neyyar Dam has a scenic lake.
When the dam's reservoir fills, it will force the relocation of over 4,900 people.
1 until the large Hansen Dam was completed in 1940, eliminating the need for the other components of the original project.
In June 2012 a major rehabilitation project for the barrage began.
The Vaalkop Dam is a combined gravity and earth-fill type dam located in North West Province, South Africa.
The Ross River Dam is a rock and eathfill-filled embankment dam across the Ross River, located in Townsville in northern Queensland, Australia.
The 110 m tall dam withholds a 585,000,000 m3 reservoir with the assistance of another earth-fill saddle dam to the northwest.
It is 516 metres long, 10.5 metres high and consists of 56 gates, each 6 metres wide.
It is located completely within Glendo State Park.
The slightly arched dam is situated in the 360-metre high Montalban Gorge or Wawa Gorge, a water gap in the Sierra Madre Mountains, east of Manila.
Girna Dam, is an earthfill dam on Girna river near Malegaon, Nashik district in state of Maharashtra in India.
As of April 2013, the dam is just used for irrigating 15,000 hectares of land.
The Kishau Dam is a proposed gravity dam on the Tons River which will straddle the border between the Indian states of Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand.
The first stage was complete in 2003 and the second in September 2007.
The dam is directly upstream from the city of Keswick, California and the Keswick Reservoir.
Initial construction on the dam began in 1969 and foundation work in 1971.
Pumacocha lies northwest of a lake named Huallacocha and southwest of the town of Yauli.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power production and it supports a 201 MW power station.
Therefore, the term Jawa Dams is sometimes used to describe the dams around Jawa.
Water from the reservoir is used for industry, agriculture and power.
2, is a concrete-face rock-fill dam on the Heihe River, located 35 km southwest of Zhangye in Gansu Province, China.
The reported purpose of the dam is water storage and it can also support a 3.5 MW hydroelectric power station in the future.
The dam was completed in 2007 and has a height of 43 m and storage capacity of 6,000,000 m3.
The dam has an associated hydroelectric power plant with a 1,080 MW capacity utilizing 4 x 270 MW Francis turbine-generators.
The emergency scheme involved constructing 7 weirs, each with numerous pumps capable of pumping a total of 1 million m3/day.
The sole purpose of the dam are for the generation of hydroelectricity.
Filling of the reservoir began in 2000 and was complete in 2001.
The waterfalls and the Dam are big tourist attractions.
The dam's reservoir, Roseau Reservoir, is experiencing heavily siltation and studies are currently underway to remediate the problem.
In 1927, the Metropolitan District Commission began to purchase land in the present-day footprint of the dam and reservoir.
It was constructed by the Dandakaranya Development Authority under the project Dandakaranya Project in 1958 to assist the refugees who sought a place to settle.
The Yeruham Dam is a masonry dam on Revivim Stream, a tributary of the HaBesor Stream, in Yeruham, Southern District, Israel.
At the time of its completion, it was the largest earthen dam in North America east of the Mississippi.
The resultant reservoir is called the Gold Creek Reservoir.
Status: The project is listed as "second phase" priority by the CNMC.
Klabböle Power Plant was a hydroelectric plant located near Umeå in northern Sweden.
A hydroelectric power station, with an installed capacity of 2.8 MW, was under construction in 2013 as part of the dam's structure.
It is also referred to as Coral Lake due to its zigzagging shoreline.
The Schönheiderhammer tunnel on that stretch of the route was flooded.
The dam is 39 feet high and 257 feet long at its crest, placed into the narrows of Bear Trap Canyon.
The Butlers Gorge Power Station is a conventional hydroelectric power station located in the Central Highlands region of Tasmania, Australia.
"Since this is an earthen dam, the storage has to be raised in stages.
The Dalles Dam is a concrete-gravity run-of-the-river dam spanning the Columbia River, two miles east of the city of The Dalles, Oregon, United States.
However, during the spring runoff water will back up behind the northern dam.
Hetch Hetchy represented the first great environmental controversy in the US, and debate over the dam and reservoir continues today.
The area offers great opportunities for recreation and tourism.
Since 1988, the official name of the dam is after Strom Thurmond, a longtime Senator.
The trench for the pipe was cut much deeper than needed, through a glacial meltwater channel.
The purpose for the dam was to meet growing demand for electricity.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power production and it supports a 420 MW power station.
After a fire in 1868, new 6,000 horsepower engines were installed.
The difference in elevation between the reservoir and power station affords a hydraulic head of 150.5 m.
Following archaeological excavations between 1946 and 1952, the site was preserved as the Karatepe-Aslantaş Open-Air Museum in 1958.
In 1975, under the Khmer Rouge regime, the power plant fell into disrepair and electricity production stopped.
It is located in the municipality Peso da Régua, in Vila Real District, Portugal.
In Portuguese, the dam is called the Usina Hidrelétrica de Xingó.
In Hakkari are the Gölgeliyamaç and Çocuktepe Dams on the Güzeldere River and the Aslandağ and Beyyurdu Dams on the Bembo River.
It creates the upper reservoir for the 1,500 MW Matanoagawa Pumped Storage Power Station while the Matanoagawa Dam creates the lower.
The Conowingo Dam is a large hydroelectric dam in the lower Susquehanna River near the town of Conowingo, Maryland.
Chelan County Public Utility District's Rock Island Dam and Hydro Project was the first dam to span the Columbia, having been built from 1929 to 1933.
Manavgat Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The entrance to the canal is directly behind the dam on its left bank.
It was built to produce hydroelectric power and provide irrigation water.
Two of the turbines were installed in 1973, while the third and fourth units came online in 1975.
Bliss Dam is a concrete gravity-type hydroelectric dam on the Snake River, in the U.S. state of Idaho.
The impounded reservoir is also called Little Nerang Dam.
The Barrier is a lava dam retaining the Garibaldi Lake system in southwestern British Columbia, Canada.
Located on the northern bank are hydroelectric turbines operated by the Alabama Power Company.
The Wrightsville Dam was a 19th-century dam on the lower Susquehanna River between Wrightsville and Columbia, Pennsylvania.
Its primary purpose is for industrial and municipal usage.
There is also a forebay with a 15-metre-high dam made of earth and rock from the hillside.
During the monsoon or just after monsoon the hills around are lush green with plenty of waterfall.
Bor Dahegaon Dam, is an earthfill dam on local river near Vaijapur, Aurangabad district in state of Maharashtra in India.
Satpula is a usage in Urdu and Hindi languages, which literally means "seven bridges".
When finished, it will be the third largest dam in China and the fourth in the world, in terms of dam volume.
Pacheco Reservoir is an artificial lake or reservoir in the Diablo Range in California, U.S.A., formed by a dam on the north fork of Pacheco Creek.
The dam would be located about 60 kilometres downstream of the existing Cahora Bassa Dam near the city of Tete.
In 2011, workers on the project held a protest against unpaid wages.
Hydroelectric power plants have the ability to vary the amount of power generated, depending on the demand.
Jam Dam, is an earthfill dam on Jam river near Katol, Nagpur district in state of Maharashtra in India.
Guntersville Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Tennessee River in Marshall County, in the U.S. state of Alabama.
The reservoir operation also lessens threat due floods to cities such as Pandharpur.
The Şugag Dam is a large hydroelectric dam on the Sebeş River situated in Romania.
The Naghlu Dam is a gravity dam on the Kabul River in Surobi District, Kabul Province, Afghanistan.
Surrounding the dam and its reservoir are a number of campgrounds, boat launches, docks, and hiking trails.
It contains two 82.5 MW Francis turbine-generators.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
It is operated by Da Nhim – Ham Thuan – Da Mi Hydropower Joint Stock Co., a subsidiary of Electricity of Vietnam.
Downstream of the Upper Gotvand Dam is the 22 m high Lower Gotvand Dam at 32°16′32.51″N 48°50′8.52″E.
A dry period of rain in 2017 saw the levels drop to 12.9%.
It is approximately 9.5 kilometres from the Vietnam–Laos border.
Construction on the dam began in 2005 and the river was diverted in March 2007.
Construction on the dam began in 1955 and it was complete in 1964.
The dam was inaugurated on 6 July 2011 by Iranian President Mahmood Ahmadinejad.
Major works on the dam officially began in October 2014.
Pune --> Nigdi --> Kamshet --> Bedsa --> Pavananagar.
It was established in 1972 and has a capacity of 158,500,000 cubic metres.
Water from the Karnali River will be used to generate electricity through the run-of-the-river method.
Salmon Falls Creek Reservoir is also a popular recreational lake, and is considered one of the best fisheries in southern Idaho.
The Narmada is the largest river in Madhya Pradesh, flowing towards the west and falling in the Arabian Sea.
The dam was altered in 2000 to improve fish passage.
Bayramiç Dam is a dam in Çanakkale Province, Turkey.
Total power from the facility is 4 x 175 MW, for an installed capacity of 700 MW MW giving an annual electricity production of 1,632 GWh.
The dam's service spillway contains two 12 metres wide gates that discharge water into two 260 metres and 280 metres long chutes.
It is the largest roller-compacted concrete arch-gravity dam in the World.
The dam provides water to a 1,750 MW hydroelectric power station containing 5 x 350 MW generators.
The Meghri Dam is a hydroelectric dam currently under construction on the Aras River near Armenia's southern town of Meghri on the Armenia–Iran border.
Naganuma Dam is a dam in Miyagi Prefecture, Japan, completed in 2012.
Benjamin Bonneville, an early explorer credited with charting much of the Oregon Trail.
Damani Dam, is an earth-fill type dam on the Mbwedi River, near Thohoyandou, Limpopo, South Africa.
It is scheduled to be completed in 2018.
It is located about 6 km from Jog Falls.
The dam also has a hydroelectric power station.
At 180 m, it is the highest dam in Taiwan and one of the tallest dams in the world.
On February 9, 2012 the dam began to impound the reservoir and the last of the four generators were commissioned on 28 March 2013.
During construction, remnants of the Chester County Canal feeder lock were uncovered and documented by an archeologist.
It was constructed between 1956 and 1963 at a cost of ¥51.3 billion yen.
Both plants are owned by Kansai Electric Power Company.
Not to be confused with Tillari Dam situated close by.
Miure Dam is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1945.
Construction lasted from 1974 to 1979, and the name of the dam and lake were changed to Santa Rosa the following year.
Its hazard potential has been ranked high.
The dam and power station are located between the villages of Karcham and Wangtoo where the plant also gains its name.
The potential impacts of the dam have been the source of severe regional controversy.
The town of Bloemhof lies on the north west side of the Vaal River.
Lovewell Reservoir is a reservoir in Jewell County, Kansas, United States.
Construction on the dam began in 1968 and it along with the power station were completed in 1973.
The Government of Pakistan/ Government of Gilgit-Baltistan/ WAPDA would provide up to one third of the equity in the Partnership.
However, Mount Bold is now considered a possible site for a future commercial mini-hydro generator.
The spillway gates are believed to be the largest of their kind in the world.
The power plant has two turbines with a nominal capacity of 41 MW each having a total capacity of 82 MW.
Phase I construction began in 1975 and ended in 1984 while Phase II began in 1998 and ended in 2012.
In post-2003 Iraq, the Kurdistan Regional Government began efforts to rebuild the Bekhme Dam.
It was built between 1976 and 1985 and it generates approximately 15% of the country's power.
When the reservoir was first filled in 2003, the capacity was estimated at 627,000 cubic decametres, with a total surface area of 1,500 hectares.
The dam was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2016.
The Friends of Pool 10 is a volunteer organization dedicated to the cleanup of the sloughs, backwaters and islands of the pool.
The Virgen Dam was destroyed but later rebuilt.
In 1908 more than 1300 workers were employed at the construction site.
The zoned earth-filled dam is 186 feet high with a gross storage of 0.242 MAF and a command area of 47,000 acres.
The artificial lake resulting from the construction of the Katsurazawa Dam is known as the Katsurazawa Lake.
It was constructed between 1981 and 1985.
After a second grouting and refill operation, the embankment was deemed leak-free.
Surveys for the dam were carried out in 1958, construction began in 1959 and the dam was complete in 1961.
Under contract from Turkey's State Hydraulic Works, Özdoğan Group began construction on the dam in 2008 and it was complete in 2012.
It is expected to be completed in 2018.
Stage II was the construction of a 156 m tall CFRD 200 m downstream of the Stage I dam.
It is 8 km southwest of Durağan and 24 km southeast of Boyabat.
The Güllübağ Dam is a gravity dam near the town of Güllübağ on the Çoruh River in Erzurum Province, Turkey.
According to some sources, the construction of the Aslantaş Dam resulted in involuntary resettlement of 60,000 people.
Thus the two dams combined to become the first artificial barrier to anadromous fish migration up the Snake River.
Khadakwasla Dam is a dam on the Mutha River 20 km from the city of Pune in Maharashtra, India.
Its hazard potential has been ranked high.
Asahi Dam is a dam in Shimogō, Fukushima Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1935.
Ayhanlar Dam is a dam in Nevşehir Province, Turkey, built between 1996 and 2000.
It is located in Koyna Nagar, Satara district, nestled in the Western Ghats on the state highway between Chiplun and Karad.
The Zhexi Dam is a buttress dam on the Zi Shui River near Zhexi in Anhua County of Hunan Province, China.
It is a part of the Ladoga cascade.
Construction on the dam began in 2002 and the river was diverted on 10 December 2006.
It is owned by Companhia Portuguesa de Produção de Electricidade.
Koppies Dam is a combined gravity & arch type dam located on the Renoster River, near Koppies, Free State, South Africa.
The plant uses one of the first Kaplan turbines installed in the United States, which is listed as a National Historic Mechanical Engineering Landmark.
Construction of the dam began in 1945.
The main purpose of the dam is for potable water supply of the Gold Coast region.
Glen Elder State Park is located on its north shore.
The Gada river flows for only about four months each year, with a catchment area at Jibiya of over 400 km2.
The primary purpose of the dam and reservoir was to generate hydroelectric power.
The wall of the dam is 39 m tall, and creates a reservoir with a surface area of 1.45–1.8 km2 and a volume of 8,000,000 m3.
It serves to store tailings for the nearby Thompson Creek Mine.
The pond above the dam is known as the Mill Pond.
Eşmekaya Dam is a dam in Turkey.
Its spillway is located on its left bank and controlled by four radial gates.
It is 172 feet tall and forms the Pit Six Reservoir, which has a capacity of 15,700 acre feet.
In 2016, the Snowy Mountains Scheme was added to the Australian National Heritage List.
Tayfur Dam is a dam on the Tayfur Çayı river in Turkey.
The reservoir is also employed to raise Salmonidae.
The upgrades increase the generating capacity of each unit by as much as 17%.
The dam also includes a modern lock that facilitates traffic up the Ottawa River, superseding the Carillon Canal.
The Longma Dam is a concrete-face rock-fill dam on the Lixian River in Mojiang Hani Autonomous County, Pu'er City, Yunnan Province, China.
In 1962 the dam was nationalized and came under the control of ENEL as part of the Italian Ministry for Public Works.
The crest of the dam is accessible to pedestrians and the lake may be fished provided permission is obtained.
The generating station was commissioned between 1971 and 1974.
The dam creates Lake Tase, a popular sightseeing spot.
On the northeast end is the RV park and on the southwest end is a beach, restaurant and guided tours of the Coteau Creek Hydroelectric Station.
Glendo Reservoir is a reservoir located on the North Platte River in Platte County and Converse County in the U.S. State of Wyoming.
The dam's power station houses four 80 MW Francis turbine-generators for an installed capacity of 320 MW.
Usually the excess LBP water flows down the Malayathu Palayam banks only between September and December.
The dam was built at a cost of 8,461,000; it was inaugurated on February 10, 2009 by the state governor Emilio González Márquez.
Guthega Dam is concrete gravity dam with an uncontrolled spillway across the Snowy River in the Snowy Mountains of New South Wales, Australia.
Atop, there is a small temple located at the summit, with views of Sahyadris and Bhandardara.
In the reach from Ghazi to Barotha, the Indus River inclines by 76 meters over a distance of 63 km.
Asprokremmos dam is the second largest dam in Cyprus.
Spremberg Dam and its associated reservoir lie between Cottbus and Spremberg and impound the River Spree.
The project consists of a large power plant with a nominal capacity of 70 MW and an average annual production of 242 GWh.
For various reasons, however, it was decided to construct a smaller scheme on the Caledon River which could be implemented before completion of the Vanderkloof Dam.
The dam was constructed between 2003 and 2007 with the purpose of providing water for irrigation of 132,500 ha.
Trị An is a hydroelectric dam and lake on the Đồng Nai River in Vĩnh Cửu, Đồng Nai, Vietnam.
The reservoir has a gross command area of 323.88 km2.
The dam is an early arch dam constructed by the Mongolians around 1350 AD.
The dam was completed in 1994 at a cost of PKR 20.13 million and has an estimated life span of 65 years.
Construction of the main embankment began in 1976, and was topped out in late 1978.
The Mid-Snake Projects in total have a nameplate capacity of 169.5 MW.
It is the fourth dam upstream of the Iguazu Falls and was constructed between 1987 and 1991 while being inaugurated in 1992.
The construction was contracted to Camargo Corrêa of Brazil, INSITEC of Mozambique, and Electricidade de Moçambique.
Its primary purpose is hydroelectric power generation and it will support a 636.6 MW hydroelectric power station.
The Overcreek Dam was an earth-fill embankment dam on Rockyford Creek, a tributary of Gills Creek, in Forest Acres of Richland County, South Carolina.
Prairie Dog State Park is located on its shore.
Gölova Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The Teufelsteich was first linked to the Lower Harz Pond and Ditch System in 1903/04.
The original installed capacity of the dam's power plant was 170 MW but the plant was expanded with an additional 100 MW generator, commissioned in 2006.
The purpose of the dam is to provide water for irrigation and municipal uses and to generate hydroelectric power.
It is the second largest reservoir by volume in the country.
It is 2,543 feet long, including a 520-foot long spillway and a 511-foot long power station.
Construction later restarted on the dam and it was completed in 1978.
There is one lock chamber on the left descending bank of the river at the dam.
While the main retaining portion of the dam is an arch design, it also has a concrete gravity section and an earthen and rock-fill section.
Most types of fishing are practiced: spinning with lures, fly fishing, and others.
Power generated by the dam, if exported to southern countries such as Afghanistan, could also hurt Uzbekistan's market for electricity export.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The 90 km long reservoir created by the Bhakra Dam is spread over an area of 168.35 km2.
Its hazard potential is ranked category 3.
In 1999 the Huichicocha dam was erected at the northern end of the lake at 12°33′44.7″S 75°32′0.9″W.
Construction on the dam began in 1927 and was completed in 1930.
It is located about 22 miles northeast of the town of Lovelock, and is managed by the Pershing County Water Conservation District.
Under contract from Turkey's State Hydraulic Works, Özdoğan Group began construction on the dam in 2008 and a completion date has not been announced.
The dam has a capacity of 187,000,000 cubic metres, with a 35.3 metres-high wall.
The Torul Dam is a concrete-face rock-fill dam on the Harşit River located 10 km northwest of Torul in Gümüşhane Province, Turkey.
It is hoped that this dam and others on the Naryn will help Kyrgyzstan become a major electricity exporter, helping the country's fragile economy.
At full pool, the reservoir has a storage capacity of 1,185,000 acre feet, encompassing 75 miles of shoreline and 7,500 acres.
In order to preserve this quality, the catchment and reservoir policy prohibits recreational use with substantial penalties imposed for trespassing.
Yabakei Dam is a dam in the Ōita Prefecture, Japan.
Bahula Dam, is an earthfill dam on Bahula river in Pachora, Jalgaon district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
Funding and loans for the project was provided by several organizations to include the China Development Bank, Fiji Electricity Authority bonds, ADZ Bank.
The impounded reservoir is called Lake Eucumbene, the largest storage lake in the Snowy Mountains Scheme.
Sorgun Dam is a dam in Turkey.
It is the farthest upstream of five dams on the river and had no electricity generating facilities.
The dam is longest dam in Japan and the biggest in southern Hokkaidō at 1480 meters in length.
The resultant reservoir is called Lake Kajarabie.
The militants also opened the dam in an attempt to flood oncoming Iraqi forces.
The earth-fill dam is 105 m high and withholds a reservoir of 3,000,000,000 m3, the largest in the country.
The dam was inaugurated by President Felipe Calderón on 6 November 2012.
The Harangi joins the Kaveri near Kudige in Somwarpet taluk.
The dam is 44 metres high and has a length of 180 metres.
The proposal to build the dam was the focus of a bitter debate during the 1920s between two groups.
The Água Vermelha Dam is an embankment dam on the Grande River near Iturama in Minas Gerais/São Paulo, Brazil.
The Idaho Power Company, a private utility, built multiple hydroelectric dams on the Snake River.
The reservoir was named in honour of Stanley Burbury, a former Governor of Tasmania.
The immediate impact of the dam was to flood 117 km2 of land and displace families.
The Zangmu Dam is a gravity dam on the Yarlung Zangbo/Brahmaputra River 9 km northwest of Gyaca in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China.
The Bili-Bili Dam is located in Gowa Regency, South Sulawesi, Indonesia, on the Jeneberang River, about 30 km from the city of Makassar.
When it is completed, it is projected be the largest hydroelectric plant in Nepal, with a power output equivalent to two-thirds of Nepal's current power generation.
The lake, which has an area of about 12 hectares, has been created by impounding the River Lopau with a dam.
Poomala Dam is an irrigation purpose dam and a tourist spot situated in Mulankunnathukavu Panchayath under Puzhakkal block in Thrissur, Kerala State of India.
It supports a 137 megawatts pumped-storage hydroelectric power station.
In the period 1974–1995 it produced an annual average of 2,700 gigawatt-hours.
Gousho Dam is a dam in Ukiha, Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan.
The Conant Brook Dam is located on Conant Brook in Monson, Massachusetts, about 7.4 miles upstream from the confluence of Conant Brook and the Quaboag River.
Construction began in 2010 and the generators were commissioned in 2012 and 2013.
Andra Valley Dam, is an earthfill dam on Andra river near Maval, Pune district in state of Maharashtra in India.
Omatako Dam is an earth-fill embankment dam about 100 kilometres north of Okahandja in the Otjozondjupa Region of Namibia.
The dam serves mainly for irrigation water supply and flood control and is operated by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
In 1973 the non-overflow portion of the dam was strengthened, followed by strengthening the spillway section in 2006.
The storage created by the dam is called Maroondah Reservoir.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The dam was completed in 2002 and its reservoir reached the full level, for the first time, in 2010.
Kunderipallam Dam is a dam in Tamil Nadu, southeastern India, north of Kongarpalayam.
It generates electricity through the reservoir and dam system.
Funded by the World Bank, it was the first loan offered by the bank to China's power sector.
The Duncan river drainage basin is 2,400 square kilometers.
Setumo Dam is an earth-fill type dam located on the Molopo River near Mmabatho, North West, South Africa.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric generation and it creates the lower reservoir for the Matanoagawa Pumped Storage Power Station.
The Norton Dam is a small gravity dam built across the Kehelgamu Oya, which is a major tributary to the Kelani River.
The cascade is owned by the International Energy Corporation, a subsidiary of RusHydro.
Its power station has two generators capable of producing 64 megawatts.
The plant is operated by Hydro-Québec since it was acquired from SWP in 1963, as part of the nationalisation of electric power companies in Quebec.
The dam's reservoir is fed by the tailwaters of the Tianshengqiao-I Dam 7 km upstream.
The costs and benefits of the project are to be shared by these two States equally.
Under contract from Turkey's State Hydraulic Works, İnelsan İnşaat began construction on the dam in 2008 and a completion date has not been announced.
The dam and power rights originally belonged to the Grand River Dam Authority but were seized by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in 1946.
The dam creates Bartlett Lake and its primary purpose is irrigation water supply.
The Buyo Dam is an embankment dam on the Sassandra River in the Bas-Sassandra district of Côte d'Ivoire.
Ghorazari Dam is an earthfill dam on Gorazari river near Nagbhid in Chandrapur district of the state of Maharashtra in India.
Miyanomoto Dam is a dam in Miyazaki Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1961.
Completed in 1963, the dam, maintained by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation, serves primarily to collect severe acid mine drainage stemming from the Iron Mountain Mine.
The dam is used to irrigate 86,107 acres of paddy fields in Tirunelveli and Tuticorin districts.
Potchefstroom Dam is dam on the Mooi River, on the northern boundary of Potchefstroom, North-West, South Africa.
The project is conceived to provide irrigation facilities and reliable drinking water supply, by drawing flood waters from the Srisailam reservoir.
Also part of the Çetin project is a smaller dam 6 km downstream with 45 m in height.
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers began construction of Success Dam in 1958 and finished in 1961, with the official dedication on May 18, 1962.
Placement of the dam embankment began in August 1962, and on December 7, 1963, the dam was topped off.
Kobuchi Dam is a dam in Kani, Gifu, Japan.
Designed by the Corps of Engineers, it began service on August 22, 1968.
Since 1901 it has supplied drinking water to the village of Straßberg.
The dam is in the steep Yuba River gorge known as the Narrows, holding back a 9-mile long lake with a surface area of 815 acres.
The Fort Randall Dam is an earth embankment dam impounding the Missouri River in South Dakota, United States and forming Lake Francis Case.
The Douro River forms the international boundary between Portugal and Spain.
The main purpose of the dam assembly is to serve for the generation of hydro-electricity and its hazard potential has been ranked high.
Kuze Dam is a dam in Ibigawa, Gifu Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1953.
The dam construction was subject to controversies that have resulted in the removal of its funding by the Inter-American Development Bank.
The construction work was started in 1978 at original approved cost of Rs.
The lock is 110 feet wide by 600 feet long.
The Project provides irrigation to 1,20,000 acres in Srikakulam and Vizianagaram districts.
The lock ceased to be used in any significant way soon after it was built.
The dam is a "run-of-the-river" dam because it can generate electricity without needing to store additional water supplies behind the dam.
Çamlıgöze Dam is an embankment dam on the Kelkit River in Sivas Province, Turkey.
Pothundi Dam is an irrigation dam near Pothundi village in the Palakkad district of Kerala state, India.
This inundated the rapids of Long-Sault on the ottawa river, transforming them into calm water.
Access is provided by California State Route 182.
The Alqueva Dam is an arch dam and the center-piece of the Alqueva Mutlipurpose Project.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Subsequently, its image was printed on the country's bank notes.
It is one of the dams of the Kodayar Irrigation System.
It is the fourth hydroelectric power station on the Waikato River.
At low water levels the old portals of the tunnel can still be seen.
At full capacity, the structure holds about 11.1 cubic kilometres of water and provides electricity to the 1.7 million residents of Mosul.
At the time of its construction in the early 1950s, Lucky Peak's primary purpose was flood control, with a secondary purpose of irrigation.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
It is owned by Companhia Portuguesa de Produção de Electricidade and is used for power generation.
Beginning in 2008 both turbine-generators were upgraded from 72 MW to 82.5 MW.
At first, the minimum and maximum water levels were raised and, in 2007, dredging work was performed around the head work of the upper reservoir's head.
Popular species include crappie, walleye, white bass, hybrid bass, channel catfish and flathead catfish.
Wivenhoe Dam was planned in the early 1970s as a flood mitigation and water storage dam.
Little Goose Lock and Dam is a hydroelectric, concrete, run-of-the-river dam in Columbia and Whitman counties in the state of Washington, on the Snake River.
All four generators were commissioned between 1979 and 1982.
Proposals have been made to raise the height of the dam in order to enhance the river’s navigability and recreational potential, although the suggestion remains controversial.
Built as the headworks of the Upper Ganges Canal, an initial barrage was completed by 1854 and replaced twice; the final one completed in 1983.
The height is 54 feet, the length is 6,600 feet at its crest, and it impounds both the Tittabawassee River and its tributary the Tobacco River.
The Dilimli Dam is a rock-fill embankment dam on the Büyük River, located 9 km northeast of Yüksekova in Hakkari Province, Turkey.
It supplies water to the company's hydroelectric plant, Ohashi Power Station, which can produce up to 5,500kW.
The Parangana Power Station is a mini-hydro power station located in north-western Tasmania, Australia.
Narangi Dam, also called as Vaijapur dam is an earthfill dam on local river near Vaijapur, Aurangabad district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
Construction began in September 2004, and the three 95 MW generators were commissioned in December 2008.
The dam was constructed on top of a 10-foot cascade that Lewis and Clark observed to lie just upstream of Grand Fall.
The dam's 15.7 MW power station was expected to be operational in July 2014.
After the disaster grouting of the cracks was done.
Shadow Mountain Lake is a holding reservoir for water pumped up from Lake Granby just to the south through the Granby Pumping Plant and Canal.
Construction on the dam began on 1 November 2004 and excavation in March 2005.
The power plant's first unit was commissioned in September 2013, the 16th November 2014, 24th in February 2015 and 41st in December 2015.
The dam is 66 feet high, and 248 feet long along the crest.
Construction on the dam began in November 1992 and its first 137.5 MW Francis turbine-generator was operational in December 1996.
The transmission line corridor is located in Doti, Dadeldhura, Kailali and Kanchanpur districts.
It has a total installed capacity of 1,008 MW and an annual generation of 1,426 GWh.
There are about 6,000 acres of public hunting land managed by the Corps of Engineers and the Oklahoma Department of Wildlife Conservation adjacent to the lake.
The reservoir has water catchment area of 1182 km² and maximum volume of 539.9 million m3.
The dam consists of an embankment section and a gravity section, combining the total dam length to approximately 3.9 km.
The Kohala Hydropower Project is a proposed run-of-the-river, high head project of 316 meters that will be located near Kohala, in Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.
The dam is used as a reservoir of fresh water, to regulate the flow of the river, for fishing, sailing, canoeing, and windsurfing.
The Koshi Tappu Wildlife Reserve is roughly 3–4 miles north of the Barrage.
The Ashibetsu dam was constructed as part of the Katsurazawa Dam project.
Outardes-3 is a hydroelectric power station and dam on the Outardes River 55 km northwest of Baie-Comeau, Quebec, Canada.
Ondokuzmayıs Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The Vau i Dejës Hydroelectric Power Station is a hydroelectric dam on the Drin River, in Albania, near Vau i Dejës.
The dam was built in the late 1890s by the Army Corps of Engineers to improve navigation on the Wabash River.
The dam takes its name from Florentino Ameghino, an Argentine naturalist, paleontologist, anthropologist and zoologist.
Koyuntepe Dam is a dam in Turkey.
It is owned by Companhia Portuguesa de Produção de Electricidade.
Fortunately, the rest of the dam did not sustain heavy damage and it remains in use today serving flood control, water storage and recreation.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it supports a 68 MW power station.
It is located at the northern foot of the Erzgebirge, southwest of Bad Gottleuba.
The dam's major period of significance was 1925 through 1949.
Power produced at the dam's main 630 MW power station is evenly shared between China and North Korea.
The dam, on the Guatiquia River, is in the Chingaza National Park, 55 kilometres northeast of Bogotá.
To that particular storage reservoir belongs the Deesbach Forebay.
The generating station, two 69 kV power lines and the distribution networks in each community form an independent electricity network, off the main North American grid.
The Maneri Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Bhagirathi River located at Maneri, 8.5 kilometres east of Uttarkashi in Uttarkashi district, Uttarakhand, India.
Katakado Dam is a gravity dam on the Tadami River 5 km west of Aizubange in the Fukushima Prefecture of Japan.
On 15 August 2008, the first generator became operational, the second on 12 January 2009 and the third on 10 July 2009.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it has a 75 megawatts power station just below its base.
The purposes of the dam is flood control, irrigation, hydroelectric power production and navigation.
The main purpose of the dam is for potable water supply of the Southern Downs Region.
The project provides energy for more than 7 million people throughout the Pacific Northwest.
The dam has many purposes to include flood control, irrigation, municipal water supply and groundwater recharge.
The reservoir is fed by the Myponga River and other rivers in the Myponga catchment.
Construction on the river diversion tunnel began in 2009 and the dam was complete in 2012.
However, a flood in 1979 severely damaged the main dam and destroyed the secondary dam downstream.
The Whittier Narrows are a natural gap in the hills that form the southern boundary of the San Gabriel Valley of Southern California.
Lock and Dam 53 was the 20th lock and dam upstream from the confluence of the Ohio River and the Mississippi River.
Construction on the project began in November 2008, the river was diverted in November 2010, and the power station was commissioned on 5 August 2013.
The pumped-storage power station became operational in 1970.
Ambuklao Dam is part of a hydroelectric facility in Brgy.
The dam impounds the 43,100-acre Pickwick Lake and its tailwaters are part of Kentucky Lake.
Whittier Narrows Dam is a 56-foot tall earth dam on the San Gabriel River and the smaller, parallel Rio Hondo.
Just below and adjacent is Carpenter Island boat launch and fish hatchery river access.
This is accomplished by a 7.3 km long tunnel which runs from the right back of the reservoir and through a mountain to the valley.
The construction of the dam cost $750 million, making it the largest project of its kind in the province of BC.
The second generator was commissioned a year later on 18 March 1965.
The Laxapana Dam is a gravity dam built across the Maskeliya Oya, 2.8 km downstream of the Laxapana Falls, in the Central Province of Sri Lanka.
The Mae Ngat Somboon Chon Dam, is a multi-purpose hydroelectric dam in the Mae Taeng District of Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.
The water level in the canal is maintained by the Gharraf Head Regulator, which was constructed at the same time as the Kut Barrage.
25 is a lock and dam located near Winfield, Missouri on the Upper Mississippi River around river mile 241.4.
The dam diverts water from the river by a 372 m long diversion channel and involves a flooding of only 3.42 km2.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
It appears not to have survived more than one season.
Dicle Dam is one of the 21 dams of the Southeastern Anatolia Project of Turkey.
The station is owned by the Columbia Power Corporation.
The gates were later opened likely due to flooding in upstream areas and excessive reservoir levels.
Joe Sippel Weir is a weir located on Barambah Creek, west of Murgon, Queensland, Australia.
Lake Burbury is a man-made water reservoir created by the Crotty Dam inundating the upper King River valley that lies east of the West Coast Range.
Crops grown include sorghum with eucalyptus and tamarisk grown for anti-desertification.
In June 2011, the government announced it had awarded the $750 million Phase II project to Joule Africa, a UK-based company.
The area around the reservoir, has been a protected area, but because it lies on the border between provinces, these became two separate nature reserves.
Floodwaters are released through a spillway on the south side of the dam, controlled by four 15.5 m × 21.0 m radial gates.
A popular recreation spot, the dam, reservoir and vicinity receive about 300,000 visitors each year.
Amistad Dam is a major embankment dam across the Rio Grande between Texas, United States and Coahuila, Mexico.
Susri Dam, also known as Mahavir Bandhara, is located around 7 kilometres north of Shahada, Nandurbar district in the state of Maharashtra, India.
Dating to the 1st century BC, it was the earliest known dam of its kind.
The lake and environs are protected as Manjirenji Dam Recreational Park.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The total development cost for both sites totals to approximately Rs.
From seed remains it is apparent that some of the water was also used for irrigation agriculture.
It produces power using four Kaplan turbines.
The dam itself was built at an angle across the curve of the wadi.
In 2013, the dam was decommissioned and the river allowed to flow freely through the site in order to protect migrating fish.
The powerhouse is located near the community of Chelan Falls.
This dam is a component of the Yakima Project.
The Gilgel Gibe I hydroelectric powerplant has an installed capacity of 184 MW, enough to power over 123,200 households.
The initial cost of the project when approved in 1971 was Rs.
The barrage has 76 pillars in total; 70 pillars belong to Guntur district and 6 belong to Krishna district.
Newberry Dam is dam in South Africa.
The dam would consistently produce between 280 and 300 megawatts of power, or about 2,800 GWh per year.
It appearance has gained it the designation of Important Cultural Properties of Japan.
Power generated is distributed by the Bonneville Power Administration.
The Musatepe Dam is a gravity dam under construction on the Ortasu River in Uludere district of Şırnak Province, southeast Turkey.
The Cizre Dam will have a hydro-power capacity of 240 MW and will provide irrigation for 121,000 hectares.
The dam is located about 32 km north of the provincial capital, Muş.
The dam's reservoir was filled in the winter and expended its water during the summer.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The dam was built for the purpose of irrigation, flood control and hydroelectric power production.
Topçam Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The Gottleuba Dam is the second highest dam in Saxony, Germany.
Xonxa Dam, is a composite zoned earthfill/rockfill dam situated on the White Kei River in Eastern Cape, South Africa.
Water from the reservoir is diverted to a power station about 2.5 km downstream on the right bank of the river.
The Dam was constructed in 1933 and its primary purpose is for municipal and domestic use.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The site underwent major rehabilitation from 1987 through 1998.
It has a maximum storage capacity of 400 million cubic meters.
In the epic Ramayana, the Tungabhadra River was known by the name of Pampa.
The dam itself is made of earth and is the only one in the state of Brandenburg that counts as a "large dam".
Even the villages near the dam in Chennimalai, Uttukuli area are affected.
Black Eagle Dam is a hydroelectric gravity weir dam located on the Missouri River in the city of Great Falls, Montana.
Sugadaira Dam is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1968.
Construction began in 2000, the first generator was operational in 2005 and the project completed in 2006.
Fuchu Dam is a dam in Fuchu Town, Sakaide, Kagawa, Japan, completed in 1966.
The same company also operates the older Đa Nhim Hydroelectric Power Station.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
Lake Hugo features approximately 110 miles of shoreline and covers over 13,250 acres, or 20 square miles.
The purpose of the dam is to produce hydroelectric power and to regulate water flows along the Sanaga River.
The barrage serves also as a road bridge and spans over a lake.
Construction began in 2003, the river was diverted in 2006 and the first generator was commissioned in 2007, the last two in 2008.
It is between Pacific Power’s Bend Hydro dam and the Colorado dam, between RM 166 and 167.
It is located in the Noguera Ribagorzana river bordering the province of Huesca, Aragon and the province of Lleida, Catalonia.
Generator commissioning was originally scheduled for 2009 but was rescheduled to 2015.
The project is controversial for several reasons, including its possible impact on the fisheries, as well as other ecological and environmental factors.
The Rapel Dam is an arch dam on the Rapel River about 19 km north of La Estrella in the Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins Region, Chile.
The dam is 355 feet high and crosses the Malampuzha River, a tributary of Bharathappuzha, Kerala's second longest river.
Kurtboğazı Dam is a dam in Turkey.
Other uses are fishery, water quality, and recreation.
Green Peter Reservoir, created by the dam, is a popular area for fishing, boating, and other water sports.
A total of 11 dams along the border; seven in Şırnak Province and four in Hakkâri Province were implemented for this purpose.
Nilwande dam, also called as Upper Pravara dam, in the Indian state of Maharashtra is the second largest dam on the Pravara river.
Manjirenji Dam, formerly known as Lake McDougal, lies in south eastern Zimbabwe, east of Masvingo.
They are located at mile point 606.8 and control a 72.9 miles long navigation pool.
The operation is part of the Trinity River Division of the Central Valley Project.
The reservoir retains a maximum of 1,170,505 acre feet of water used primarily for irrigation and flood control.
A borderline flood situation was seen in the catchment and the low-lying areas of this dam and the nearby Chargaon dam in September 2012.
Construction on the dam began in 1978 and was complete in 1985.
Kawadas Dam, is an earthfill dam on local river near Javhar in state of Maharashtra in India.
Approval under the Navigable Waters Protection Act was received in October 1958 and the first generating unit came online on September 26, 1961.
In 1998 heavy rains from Hurricane Mitch severely damaged the Mancotal and El Dorado Dams, over-topping their spillways and nearly destroying the dams.
The dam's total capacity is more than 100,000 acre-feet of water.
The Jean-Lesage generating station, formerly known as Manic-2, is a dam located 22 km from Baie-Comeau built on Manicouagan River in Quebec, Canada.
Dating to the 1st century AD, it is the earliest known dam of its kind.
Vadiwale Dam, is an earthfill dam on Kundali river near Maval, Pune district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
Construction of the dam was finished in 1959 by Puget Sound Energy as part of a power generating scheme, the Baker River Hydroelectric Project.
The Josefův Důl dam sits above the village Josefův Důl and dams the water of Kamenice river.
It is an Embankment Dam with the purpose of being an irrigational and industrial water dam.
The dam's power station contains three 20 MW Francis turbine-generators for a total installed capacity of 60 MW.
It is upstream and adjacent to Le Pouget power station and the tail race from Le Pouget empties above the barrage.
The dam was planned beginning in the early 1980s and approved in May 2003.
13 Historic District, #04000173 covering 2,542 acres, 1 building, 6 structures, and 4 objects.
In June 2002, the river was diverted and in September that year, filling of the dam's body began.
Cost of the dam and power station, funded by the Chinese government, was US$201.8 million.
Construction on the dam began in 2002 and it was inaugurated by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on 12 April 2013.
Boegoeberg Dam is a gravity type dam on the Orange River, near Prieska, Northern Cape, South Africa.
The dam was built in response to these pollutants that were contaminating the Sacramento River, the primary water supply for millions of Californians.
Congressman Wheeler was an early advocate of federal development of the Muscle Shoals area.
The first generator is scheduled to be commissioned in July 2017 and the entire project is expected to be complete in December 2017.
A total of 12,638,000 m3 of material was excavated during construction.
The power station will have three Francis turbines with a capacity of 400 MW each.
The associated power station plays a major role in the national power grid, due to its significant output.
Takaoka Dam is a dam in Miyazaki Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1932.
Construction on Wilson Dam began in 1918 and was completed in 1924 under supervision of Hugh L. Cooper.
Its construction is aimed at electric power supply of 2107 million kWh annually and controlling floods in the upper Karun.
A major flood in the Tigris in 1936 caused the building site to be flooded entirely and led to the temporary standstill of the construction works.
Blue Mesa Dam is a 390-foot-tall zoned earthfill dam on the Gunnison River in Colorado.
Excavators found traces of revetments and a rudimentary apron on the up-stream face.
Bloemhoek Dam, is an earth-fill type dam located on a small river called Jordaan Spruit close to Kroonstad, Free State, province South Africa.
The dam is located at the southeastern corner of Erawan National Park.
It was originally filled by pumping water from the river and is maintained at the desired level the same way.
The Amselsee is a small reservoir in the spa town of Rathen in Saxon Switzerland.
It supports the third largest hydroelectric power plant in the country, having an installed electric capacity of 106 megawatts.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
It is a joint project of Maharashtra and Chhattisgarh states located in Godavari river basin.
It is located near Ust-Ilimsk, Irkutsk Oblast in Russia and is the third and last dam on the Angara cascades.
The road is an out and back route and terminates at a view-site adjacent to the dam wall.
There was then an eight-year hiatus until 1970 when construction resumed.
Construction on the project was temporary halted in March 2011, February 2012 and April 2013 due to worker riots or strikes.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Panshet Dam, also called Tanajisagar Dam, is a dam on the Ambi river about 50 km southwest of the city of Pune in western India.
The Army Corps of Engineers began work on the dam in 1952 and completed it five years later.
In July 2015 machines arrived in Santa Cruz for the construction of the dams.
The Lijiaxia Dam is a concrete arch-gravity dam on the Yellow River in Jainca County, Qinghai Province, China.
On the western side of the valley is a checkpoint in the Harzer Wandernadel hiking system.
The Mount Coffee Hydropower Project is a hydroelectric project in the West African nation of Liberia on the Saint Paul River.
The El Cajón Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Río Grande de Santiago in the Mexican state of Nayarit.
The power station is situated on Gordon River.
The dam is 220 metres high, one of the highest in Europe.
In 2013, the Ministry of Environment and Forests rejected the project's application but NHPC Limited will resubmit it in 2014.
Sol Plaatje Dam is an earth-fill type dam located at the confluence of the As and Liebenbergsvlei Rivers near Bethlehem, Free State, South Africa.
The dam is located six miles south of the town of Kahlotus, and 43 miles north of the town of Walla Walla.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
As part of the project, the second tallest concrete-faced rockfill dam in the world would be built.
Preparations for construction of Martin Dam began in 1916 as Alabama Power began to purchase lands that would be flooded by its construction.
It impounds the Snake River in a reservoir named Milner Lake.
The dam was built in 1928 by the Los Angeles County Department of Public Works, which continues to operate it.
The diameter of the runner is 8.6 metres and nominal head is 34.65 metres with claimed output up to 232 megawatts.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The Andong Dam is an embankment dam on the Nakdong River, 4 km east of Andong in Gyeongsangbuk-do province, South Korea.
The main purpose of the dam is to provide flood absorption.
The adjacent Yonki villages support the operation of the dam and power station.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
After a series of studies and site investigations, the dam was abandoned as a project in order to facilitate legislation creating the Central Arizona Project.
There are 2 locks for commercial barge traffic that are 1,200 feet long by 110 feet wide.
Outardes-3 was built in conjunction with the Manicouagan-Outardes project and is located 13 mi downstream of Outardes-4.
This capacity will be increased to 30,075 acre·ft upon completion.
The dam serves mainly to provide run-of-the-river hydroelectric power and to supply water for irrigation.
The surrounding area of the dam has a garden and a bird sanctuary.
It is the tallest dam in the country.
Seyitler Dam is a dam in Turkey.
After construction, it was noticed that the dam had settled five times more than expected.
The dam impounds the 872-acre Fort Patrick Henry Lake.
Constructed in 1972, the dam is meant for irrigation, power generation and flood control.
Durgapur Barrage is across the Damodar River at Durgapur in Paschim Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal.
It is the first dam in the Lixian River cascade.
It is sited on the Tamakoshi River, a tributary of the Sun Kosi river, near the Nepal–Tibet border.
The reservoir is located about 18 miles northeast of Fort Morgan, Colorado along the South Platte River.
Construction began in 2010 and all major works were completed by October 2014.
Wilbur Dam was originally equipped with a flashboard-controlled spillway.
The Hassel Auxiliary Dam is checkpoint no.
The primary purpose of the dam is to serve for irrigation.
Eildon has four turbo generators, with a total generating capacity of 150 megawatts of electricity.
Botnur power plant is a hydroelectric power station supplying the Faroe Islands island of Suðuroy with electricity.
The township where the site is located is called Shah pur Kandi Township.
An observation tower, along with public-use areas, picnic shelters and restroom facilities are available to groups and individuals during daylight hours, seven days a week.
The impounded reservoir is called Lake Burbury.
A compacted impervious cutoff trench to bedrock and a grout curtain in the rock are provided for underseepage control.
It was commissioned in 1968 as part of the Seven Forks Scheme.
Haji Dam is a dam in Akitakata, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Each year more than 20,000 recreational craft use Lock 3, making it one of the most popular locks on the river.
The project was to supply drinking water needs of roughly 500 thousand people and will irrigate approximately 64,000 acres of drought prone fields.
Due to the sad conversion of Irrigation dam to Effluent tank, the people living down river in the Tirupur, Karur District are negatively affected.
The entire project was removed because of rising environmental costs.
The project would be implemented under the "Policy for Power Generation Projects- 2002" and would revert to the Government of Pakistan after the concession period.
Because of seepage problems in the dam's foundation, it has become the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers's top dam priority.
It is approximately 245 km from the federal capital of Islamabad and 330 km from the provincial capital of Peshawar, in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan.
Lake Caliraya was later connected with another man-made lake, Lumot Lake, to provide more water through a 2.3 km underground penstock.
Its primary purpose is hydroelectric power generation and it supports a 265.5 MW power station.
The reservoir is considered "over-allocated"; in an average year, it is unable to meet all the demands placed on it.
The head of the power plant is Valery Kyari.
Lakenvallei Dam is a combined gravity & arch type dam located on Sanddrifskloof River, near Ceres, Western Cape, South Africa.
Darawat Dam is concrete gravity dam across Nai Baran River near Village of Jhangri in Jamshoro district of Sindh, Pakistan.
It has a capacity of 332,000,000 cubic metres and a surface area of 10,420,000 cubic metres.
Albeni Falls Dam is located on the Pend Oreille River between Oldtown, Idaho, and Priest River, Idaho.
The dam was the first and uppermost of several large-scale dams to be built on the Euphrates by Turkey.
The lake serves as the equalizer reservoir of the Columbia Basin Project.
Delayed due to World War II, construction on the dam began in 1946.
Mid Manair, another on going project is planning construct between Upper Manair and Lower Manair is at Manwada Village, Bionpally mandal, Rajanna Sircilla district.
Gülbahar Dam is a dam in Turkey.
Da Gama Dam, is an earthfill/gravity-type dam on the Witwaters River, near White River, Mpumalanga, South Africa.
The river originates in Preah Vihear and flows to the Tonlé Sap Lake in Kompong Thom, southeast of Phnom Rovieng, Cambodia.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Studies for the dam were completed between 2005 and 2009 with preliminary construction beginning that year.
The Harangi originates in the Pushpagiri Hills of Western Ghats in Kodagu, Karnataka.
Its construction led to the creation of Lake Assad, Syria's largest water reservoir.
Sawando Dam is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture, Japan.
As of 2015, Bakun Dam is the biggest dam in Southeast Asia.
Lake Chillisquaque is a lake and reservoir in Montour County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
From there it is transferred via pumps to Girne which lies to the east.
Buffelspoort Dam is an arch type dam in the Sterkstroom River, a tributary of the Crocodile River, North West Province, South Africa.
The area below and adjacent to The Barrier is considered hazardous due to the unstable lava formation.
Water from the dam is used for irrigation as well as for producing electricity at the Bhira hydroelectric power plant, operated by Tata Power.
The Alberto Lleras Dam, also known as the Guavio Dam, is a rock-fill embankment dam on the Guavio River near Guavio, Colombia.
In order to retain the reservoir, a 37 m tall and 500 m long saddle dam was constructed directly northeast of the dam.
The water stored in the reservoir is enough to supply about two months of normal energy requirements.
It would stand almost as tall as the Transamerica Pyramid building in San Francisco, but would be much more massive.
The 83 m tall rock-fill, central clay core dam withholds a reservoir of 1,248,000,000 m3 and provides water to an 80 MW pumped-storage power station.
It also poses the first barrier to migrating salmon in the Klamath.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
It has an installed capacity of 1,220 megawatts and is the second largest power station in Manitoba.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The dam supports hydroelectric power plant with an installed capacity of 3,444 megawatts.
Elderberry Forebay Dam is a dam located in the Sierra Pelona Mountains of northwestern Los Angeles County, California.
It was located just downstream of the Carmel River and San Clemente Creek confluence.
It was established in 1982 and serves primarily for municipal use and industrial purposes.
It is the uppermost of nine TVA dams on the Tennessee River.
The construction of dam was started in 2008 and completed in 2010 at a cost of PKR 204 million.
It is located in the Breede Water Management Area.
The Baikal-Amur Mainline railway runs along the north shore, where a 1,100-metre-long bridge has been constructed.
There was an upsurge in use of the river during the 1930s and 1940s primary for transport of logs.
After a long battle, Congress finally exempted the Tellico Dam from the Endangered Species Act as an amendment in an unrelated bill.
The dams main purpose is to serve for municipal and industrial use.
The dam's spillway has four radial gates with a combined discharge of 34,000 cubic feet per second.
The Kirirom I Hydro Power Plant was built in 1968 with support from Yugoslavia.
To generate power, water from the Doyo Dam is sent to the power station, used to generate electricity and then discharged into the Matanoagawa Reservoir.
The main purpose of dam is hydroelectricity with some irrigation in neighboring areas.
The Alavian Dam and Lake is situated on the Soofian Chay river in East Azerbaijan Province, north-western Iran.
Sina Dam, is an earthfill dam on Sina river near Karjat in Ahmednagar district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
They use irrigation water flow from the Lake Sevan and streams waters of Hrazdan River that gives an opportunity to irrigate 70% of Armenian agricultural lands.
The Chief Joseph Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Columbia River, 2.4 km upriver from Bridgeport, Washington.
Its primary purposes are flood control, water reserve for nearby areas and regional recreation.
The Obudu Dam is in Obudu local government area of Cross River State in the south east of Nigeria.
The Santa Fe Reservoir is a reservoir on the Riera de Gualba, a tributary of the Tordera River.
Built and managed by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation for local water supply, it is also used for flood control and recreation.
The diversion tunnel was later blocked heaving/collapse of the hill in December 2010.
Council Grove Lake is a reservoir on the Neosho River in east-central Kansas.
It has a full capacity of 57.887 million cubic meters of water and serves primarily for irrigation purposes.
However, sometimes both the dams together are called Bhakra-Nangal Dam though they are two separate dams.
The project was started and finished in the 1950s.
The Hunanzhen Dam is a trapezoidal buttress dam on the Qiantang River, located 27 km south of Quzhou in Zhejiang Province, China.
The Rambakan Oya Dam is an embankment dam in Maha Oya, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.
The Taurus Reservoir is a 95-square-kilometre reservoir in Matawinie, in the administrative region of Lanaudière, Québec, Canada.
Construction of the project began in May 1956 with completion in July 1958 at a cost of US$2 million.
Tamahara Dam is a rock-fill embankment dam on a Tone River tributary in Gunma Prefecture of Japan.
Beyler Dam is a dam in Kastamonu Province, Turkey.
In Hakkari are the Gölgeliyamaç and Çocuktepe Dams on the Güzeldere River and the Aslandağ and Beyyurdu Dams on the Bembo River.
In keeping with the time it was called the Dam of Friendship.
The dam was named after King Bhumibol Adulyadej and was Thailand's first multi-purpose project.
The Serbian side of the power station produces approximately 1.31 TWh per annum.
The dam is located 5 miles downstream from Upper Salmon Falls, between Gooding County and Twin Falls County, Idaho.
The lake was drained later in the month with plans to rebuild the dam.
Water sources include the Canadian, North Fork Canadian and Deep Fork rivers.
The Robert-Bourassa generating station is a hydroelectric power station on the La Grande River that is part of Hydro-Québec's James Bay Project in Canada.
Four of the vertical units use Kaplan turbines.
It is the largest dam by structural volume in Japan and withholds the country's largest reservoir by volume as well.
The power station will have an installed capacity of 160 MW.
Santa Fe Dam is a flood-control dam on the San Gabriel River located a few miles southwest of Azusa in Los Angeles County, California.
The hydroelectric power plant, spillway and other associated structures will be completed separately.
The impounded reservoir is called Suma Park Reservoir.
The purpose of the dam is mainly hydroelectricity but it also promotes flood control, navigation, tourism and fishery.
The Salmon Creek Dam is a concrete arch dam on the Salmon Creek, 3 miles northwest of Juneau, Alaska.
It was completed in 1960 with the primary purpose of irrigation.
Currently the dam supplies approximately 20 percent of Perth's fresh water.
A tunnel still leaked though but authorities were confident they would have the power station operational by April.
Kaneyama Dam is a dam near Kani, in the Gifu Prefecture of Japan.
It is notable that, if completed as planned, it will be the largest hydroelectric project in India.
There is no lock allowing boats to bypass the dam.
The road which now leads up through Lucky Peak and into the dam is due to his successful efforts.
The Morbe lake is the main water source for the city of Navi Mumbai.
This plant, with an installed capacity of 62 MW and Rapides-des-Coeurs located downstream were put into service in 2008.
Its hazard potential has been ranked high.
The left bank canal is 72.420 km in length with carrying capacity of 590 cusecs.
Mirror Pond is an impoundment of the Deschutes River in Bend, in the U.S. state of Oregon.
An estimated 16,900 people will be relocated after its construction.
The purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power production along with flood control and navigation.
The Leibis-Lichte Dam is a 102.5-metre-tall dam in the German state of Thuringia in the Thuringian Highland.
Monticello Dam is a 304-foot high concrete arch dam in Napa County, California, United States constructed between 1953 and 1957.
The landscape at the dam site is sub-desertic except in the rainy season.
Pracana Dam is a concrete buttress dam on the Ocreza, a right tributary of the Tagus.
The dam mainly serves for municipal and industrial use.
The dam was named after the famous Moroccan Allal al-Fassi.
It was constructed to generate hydroelectricity and prevent flooding of the Kentucky River but is better known for creating Herrington Lake.
The dam was constructed between 2003 and 2008.
Furthermore, water from Diarizos river is diverted to Kouris dam via a 14.5 kilometres long connecting tunnel.
State Highway 92 passes over the top of the dam.
Construction on the dam began in 1992 and was completed in 2004.
The dam impounds the River Urft in the district of Euskirchen to create the Urft Reservoir, 2.16 km² in area.
The Dam was eventually completed in December 2016 and commissioned in May 2017
Built between 1914 and 1923, it is the first dam in Asia to have Siphon Spillways.
Umurbey Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The middle of the structure consists of mass concrete with granite plumbs weighing up to 5 tonnes.
The Hatogaya Dam is a gravity dam on the Shō River about 2 km south of Shirakawa in Gifu Prefecture, Japan.
The Millers Ferry Powerhouse came on line in 1970 and has a generating capacity of 90 megawatts.
It is located 33 km northeast of Ji'an in Jilin Province, China and Manpo in Chagang Province, North Korea.
Its purposes are industrial water supply, flood protection, electricity generation, drought protection and recreation.
The lock keeper’s residence, built at the same time, and now in private hands, also remains.
It is located where the South Dandalup River flows out of Lake Banksiadale.
Injaka Dam, also spelled Inyaka Dam is an earth-fill type dam located on the Ngwaritsane River, near Bushbuckridge, Mpumalanga, South Africa.
Its Neo-Mudéjar design is the result of a collaboration between architect Casto Fernández Shaw and engineers Carlos Mendoza and Antonio del Águila.
It is located near Rustenburg, North West, South Africa.
Nayka Dam is an earthen dam on the Bhogavo river located near Surendranagar, Gujarat, India.
On October 14, 1976, the Corps of Engineers formally transferred control of the dam to the United States Bureau of Reclamation.
It was once referred to as the "Orient's best dam".
The hydropower component of the dam has an installed capacity of 30 MW with firm power of 17 MW, generating 158 GWh annually.
Ngondoma Dam is a dam on the Ngondoma River located 500 meters west of the Empress Mine Township in the Midlands Province of Zimbabwe.
The dam has a height of 23 metres and a length of 200 metres.
The Allal al Fassi Dam is an embankment dam located 18 kilometres northeast of Sefrou on the Sebou River in the Fès-Meknès region of Morocco.
Matoba Dam, is an earthfill dam on Mulamutha river near Daund in the state of Maharashtra in India.
Although the dam itself is located in Power County, its reservoir also stretches northeastward into both Bingham County and Bannock County.
In September 2014 the last of the concrete was poured on the dam and it began to impound its reservoir.
Its purpose is to provide flood control and water for municipal use along with the irrigation of 70 ha of land.
Lago di Conza is a reservoir in the Campania region of southern Italy.
5A is a lock and dam located near Fountain City, Wisconsin and Goodview, Minnesota on the Upper Mississippi River around river mile 728.5.
The Wadi Mejenin Dam is an embankment dam located on Wadi Mejenin, 64 km south of Tripoli in the Jabal al Gharbi District of Libya.
Hokubō Dam is a dam in Okayama Prefecture, Japan.
The total length of the canal is 67.619 km.
The dam serves mainly for municipal and industrial use and it hazard potential has been ranked high.
A more substantial dam was put in place in 1908, when the northern irrigation canal was built.
The dam is owned and operated by the Department.
The biggest one was the highest dam in the Roman Empire, and even in the world until its accidental destruction in 1305.
The dam consists of a concrete structure 934 feet long with five roller gates and 10 tainter gates.
The construction cost amounted to CYP £29,000,000.
It was constructed between 1927 and 1930.
The reservoir provides raw water to the Asejire and Osegere water treatment plants in Ibadan.
The plant contains two 25 megawatts Francis turbine-generators.
It was named after the freedom fighter and Political leader Sardar Gouthu Latchanna.
At this time Alder Dam was among the tallest dams in the United States, although this title has since been surpassed.
The power station was commissioned by 2002.
The dam was damaged in a flood in 1996, but was replaced by a concrete structure in 1997.
It is owned by Companhia Portuguesa de Produção de Electricidade.
The dam has a bell-mouth spillway with a maximum discharge of 81 m3/s.
The construction of the dam was completed in 1969, creating a reservoir with a storage capacity of 60.2 hm³.
The John C. Boyle Dam is a hydroelectric dam located in southern Oregon, United States.
: The Stung Sen Dam is to be constructed after the Prek Thnot, Stung Battambang, and Stung Chinit dams.
The dam has been financed by the African Development Bank, the World Bank, the European Investment Bank and the Kenyan government.
Construction began in 1961 and it was completed in 1964.
The Tengzigou Dam is an arch dam on the Dragon River, a tributary of the Yangtze River, in Shizhu County, Chongqing, China.
In 1995, the provincial government cancelled the Kemano Completion Project that Alcan had been planning since 1987.
Seminoe State Park is adjacent to the reservoir.
The reservoir has a gross capacity of 174,500 cubic metres, and a surface area of 26.481 square kilometres, the dam wall is 38 metres high.
The dam mainly serves for irrigation purposes and its hazard potential has been ranked high.
The impounded reservoir is called Lake Wivenhoe and the dam, the lake and a narrow strip of surrounding land forms a locality also called Lake Wivenhoe.
Construction on the dam began in 2004 and it is expected to be complete by the end of 2015.
The actual dam is a curved gravity dam made of rubble stone and based on the Intze Principle.
The Ulu Jelai Power Station is a hydroelectric power station under construction in the district of Cameron Highlands, Pahang, Malaysia.
Construction of the dam began in February 2001 and it was completed in March 2005.
The word "Yacyreta" is the Hispanicized spelling of the original Guaraní term Jasyretâ.
The Ashibetsu Dam is a dam in Ashibetsu, Hokkaidō, Japan, completed in 1952.
Preliminary investigations for development at Ambuklao and Binga Dam sites were undertaken as early as January 1948.
Kommandodrif Dam is an earth-fill/rockfill type dam located on the Tarka River, near Cradock, Eastern Cape, South Africa.
Kwaggaskloof Dam is a dam on the Wabooms River, near Worcester, Western Cape, South Africa.
The dam is made of granite and bunter sandstone and was constructed from May 1981 to October 1982.
It is owned and operated by the Ministry of Water and Electricity.
The Turkish State Hydraulic Works backed the development of the dam, which was constructed between 1992 and 1996.
It diverts water from the river for irrigation in the lower Mesilla Valley.
The station can generate 2,779 MW and was commissioned in 1984–1986.
Kakizakigawa Dam is a dam in Jōetsu, Niigata Prefecture, Japan, completed in 2003.
The basic studies were carried out by Arm-Hydroenergo-Project Company and Mahab-E-Qods Consulting Engineers Company in 1999.
Poortjieskloof Dam is a double curvature arch type dam located in the Groot River in Western Cape, South Africa.
The Sameura Dam is a dam on the Yoshino River on the island of Shikoku, Japan, completed in 1975.
Its reservoir has a 1,205,000,000 m3 capacity, 184,000,000 m3 of which is flood storage.
It lies in the southern part of the Sauerland between Olpe and Attendorn.
Lake Templene is a 900-acre artificial lake in St. Joseph County, Michigan.
Construction of the dam began in 1971.
The Manuel Piar Hydroelectric Power Plant is under construction and it is the last hydroelectric development project in the Lower Caroní River Basin of Venezuela.
The power house contains twelve 102 MW propeller-type turbine-generators for an installed capacity of 1,220 MW.
It has the largest storage capacity in Shikoku.
The dam stretches over an area of 17,000 acres.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked significant.
Kōdō Dam is a dam located in the city of Shūnan, Yamaguchi Prefecture, upstream of the Nishiki River.
The dam was complete and began to impound water in 2008.
Construction on the dam began in 1959 and was finished in 1966.
Built and managed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, it is used for flood control, recreation, and water supply.
Its construction was a result of the Duncan Dam and Libby Dam providing year round flows into Kootenay Lake.
A 2,566 feet submersible dike extends to the Illinois shore.
In 1953 the powerhouse was destroyed after a rock and mud slide roared down the mountainside.
Construction on the project began in 1993 and it was complete in 2004.
Built from April 1952 to September 1953, the dam measures 1,418 feet long at the crest and 85 feet high.
the upper course of the Yangtze in China.
Sunkoshi Small Hydropower Plant is located in Dhuskun of Sindhupalchok District in central Nepal.
When it was finally completed it was 644 metres long, 219 metres wide, creating a reservoir that is 43 metres deep.
The dam's six 65 MW generators were commissioned in 1987 and 1988.
The reservoir also gets water from Nagarjunasagar left canal.
Lake Kyle Recreational Park lies on the reservoir's northern shore, while there is a small recreational park on the southern shore.
Khandoli is also a village at the foot of the Khandoli hill.
Construction began in 1971 and was completed seven years later in 1978.
It lies within the cities of Ottawa, Ontario and Pontiac, Quebec.
It has a power generating capacity of 174 megawatts, enough to power over 118,000 homes.
The impounded reservoir is also called Wyaralong Dam.
It also supports a 138 MW power station, which generates 569 GWh electricity annually.
Garuk Dam is a proposed dam located on Garuk River, 47 km south east of Kharan District in Balochistan, Pakistan.
It supplies around 41 million liters of drinking water daily, about 5.9% of the water requirement of Pretoria.
The Sardeh Dam Reservoir is fed by the Jilga River which flows north–south from Paktika Province and Paktiya Province.
Katagiri Dam is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1989.
The Stung Battambang 1 is a dam planned for construction on the Stung Battambang River in Cambodia.
It was constructed between 1957 and 1969.
Cheney Reservoir is a reservoir on the North Fork Ninnescah River in Reno, Kingman, and Sedgwick counties of Kansas in the United States.
In 1967, the weir was raised by 1.2m to its current height of 11m.
It impounds the waters of the Lesnovska river.
It was reconstructed in the original way.
Kassagawa Dam is a dam in Yuzawa, Niigata Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1958.
Preliminary construction began in 2008 and construction on the dam superstructure and power station began in 2010.
In 2013, the contractor raised the dam's spillway by 7 feet to increase the ability of the SRS to trap sediment.
At its full capacity of 1,622,000 acre·ft, Lake Martin stretches over 30 miles up the Tallapoosa River.
The dam and power plant are owned and operated by the State Hydraulic Works.
It will support a hydroelectric power station with an installed capacity of 120 MW and expected annual generation of 482 GWh.
The reservoir stretches for 90 kilometres, while its surface area is unknown.
The primary purpose of the dam is to divert water into a tunnel which feeds the 90 megawatts run-of-the-river Tiloth Power Plant.
Uzunlu Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The labour force also included some German prisoners-of-war.
The International Bird Life Agency has qualified the reservoir under "A4iii" criteria, as the congregation of waterbirds is reported to exceed 20,000 at some points.
Huichicocha lies northwest of Acchicocha, southwest of Yurajcocha and east of Coyllococha.
Olmsted Lock and Dam is intended to replace lock and dam 52 and nearby lock and dam 53.
The dam is composed of its main body and a gravity pier and secondary dam on both its left and right flank.
It was built between 1999 and 2002.
The Robert Moses Niagara Hydroelectric Power Station is a hydroelectric power station in Lewiston, New York, near Niagara Falls.
The dam also serves wildlife resources, forest conservation, and public recreational uses.
It has a 25 m high gravity dam.
Priest Rapids Dam is part of the Columbia River Basin system of dams.
The dam impounds the Nam Phong, which flows into the Chi River and thence to the Mun River, a tributary of the Mekong River.
Other purposes include flood control, irrigation and recreation.
Bhama Asakhed Dam, is an earthfill dam on Bhama river near Khed, Pune district in state of Maharashtra in India.
Entry to the reserve is from Lackey Street, North Parramatta.
Work for its construction began in 1970.
The roadway on top of the dam is closed, estimated to reopen in 2017.
The dam is 268 metres long and 4.5 metres thick at the crest, while it is 30 metres long and 36 metres thick at the base.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
The purpose of the dam is water supply and flood control.
The plant started its operation on 25 March 1914.
Komaram Bheem openly fought against the ruling Nizam government in a guerrilla campaign.
The 2 MW power station at the base of the dam was commissioned in 2010.
Nawegaonbandh Dam, is an earthfill dam on local river near Navegaon, Gondia district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
It is named after the village of Usoi, which was completely buried by the 1911 landslide.
The dam, built just upstream of the falls and a small island named Ryan Island, is divided into two parts.
Taishakugawa Dam is a dam in Shōbara, in the Hiroshima Prefecture of Japan.
The circumstances of its construction, including its dimensions and location in a steep-sided gorge, point towards it being a true arch dam.
It is expected to provide numerous estimated annual benefits including Rs.
It is located in Habahe County of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region in China.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation, and it supports a 225 megawatt power station.
The dam also supplies 10 MW of hydro-electric power capacity.
The station operates six 25MW Pelton turbines established in 1927 and one 150MW Pumped Storage Unit.
Because of this, the dam lost international funding in 2008.
At full capacity, the dam can pass over 160,000 cubic feet per second of water.
Wattle Grove Lake lies within the Georges River catchment and the Liverpool District subcatchment.
It is located at 32°90'0N 74°11' 0E.
This damsite does not generate any power directly; power is generated at other locations in the Colorado-Big Thompson Project.
Roodekoppies Dam is a concrete gravity type dam located on the Crocodile River near Brits, North West, South Africa.
The primary purpose of the dam is to serve for irrigation and domestic use.
It is one of the major sources of irrigation in the region.
Erzincan Dam is an embankment dam on Cardakli Creek in Erzincan, Turkey.
Tercan Dam is an embankment dam on the Tuzla River in Erzincan Province, Turkey.
It burst on June 17, 2004, flooding towns of Alagoa Grande and Mulungu.
It is less than 1 mile east of Lake Sherwood.
The San Acacia Diversion Dam is a structure built in 1934 for the Middle Rio Grande Conservancy District near to San Acacia, New Mexico, United States.
M. Bhaktavatsalam laid the foundation stone for the project.
The multi-purpose dam provides water for irrigation and hydroelectric power generation while its reservoir, Pantabangan Lake, affords flood control.
Inflow into the Canning Reservoir is estimated to be 22 gigalitres and has a storage capacity of 90,352 megalitres.
The dam was constructed to conserve water and produce hydroelectricity.
The hydroelectric power plant was fitted with 2 x 67.5 MWe Francis turbines with a total capacity of 135 Mwe.
The electricity generated is supplied to different parts of Karnataka.
The concrete structure of the dam spans 1,904 feet and rises 210 feet above the riverbed, housing a hydro-power plant with an installed 600 megawatts capacity.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The dam is about 9 miles west of the town of Tierra Amarilla.
Gavins Point Dam is the lowermost dam on the Missouri, and was built as part of the Pick-Sloan Plan.
After its initial filling, the dam reached its lowest level between December 2002 and February 2003 at 50% capacity.
Roza Dam is a diversion dam on the Yakima River, about 10 miles north of Yakima, just west of SR 821.
It supplies a 63.9 MW power station with water.
Dudhawa Dam is located in Dhamtari district of Chhattisgarh in India.
The lake is situated on East Branch Briar Creek.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked significant.
The town of Glasgow, Virginia lies just northwest of the Cushaw Project pool.
The Kelbra Dam is a dam on the River Helme in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt.
It provides irrigation in Taoyuan, flood control for the Taipei Basin, and hydroelectricity and domestic water supply for more than three million people in northern Taiwan.
Ceres Koekedouw Dam is a rockfill type dam on the Koekedouw River, near Ceres, Western Cape, South Africa.
Although the approximately five-acre site is open to the public for day use, the site is surrounded by private lands and lands of the Kewa Pueblo.
Its waters are impounded by Grizzly Valley Dam, which was completed in 1966.
In one section there is a fish-belly flap gate that can be lowered by 1.5 metres to provide flood control.
Aside from providing significant amounts of renewable power, the dam regulates the St. Lawrence River and affords passage for the navigation of large vessels.
The Kouhrang 3 Dam is planned downstream to regulate river flows and divert more water to the Zayandeh via the Kouhrang 3 Tunnel.
Over the next few decades the dam was raised and retrofitted several times from its original height of 60 feet.
The Weiyuan Dam is a gravity dam on the Yalu River between China and North Korea.
The purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation, flood control and navigation.
The project is currently under construction, with completion slated for 2019.
The dam is owned and operated by Ameren Missouri.
The power station is situated on the Lower River Derwent catchment and is owned and operated by Hydro Tasmania.
The dam supports a 1,500 MW hydroelectric power station.
The main spillway is controlled by two radial gates and has a maximum discharge capacity of 5,763 m3/s.
There is a swimming beach and dock.
EL Kansera is an irrigation storage dam in Morocco.
Sabakzai Dam is an embankment dam on the Sawar Rud, a tributary of Zhob River, about 68 km southwest of Zhob in Balochistan, Pakistan.
The Indirasagar Dam is a multipurpose project of Madhya Pradesh on the Narmada River at Narmadanagar, Mundi in the Khandwa district of Madhya Pradesh in India.
Because the reservoir upstream of the dam is relatively small, the plant operates as a "run-of-the-river" project, with river flow controlled at Akosombo.
Toktogul Dam is a hydroelectric and irrigation dam on the Naryn River in the Jalal-Abad Province of Kyrgyzstan.
Plans for the scheme began with then Governor of Jamaica John Peter Grant in 1870.
It is a gravity dam constructed of concrete and cut stone masonry.
Lake Isabella also serves as a recreational and tourist attraction.
It was built as a joint project of the governments of South Africa and Swaziland.
Communities living in the basin of the dam were directly affected by the scheme.
The Mount Crosby Weir is a weir on the Brisbane River at Mount Crosby in South East Queensland, Australia.
It was constructed between 1939 and 1942.
The dam was completed by the federal government in 1984, with the goal of providing irrigation and electricity for the planned Gongola sugar plantation project.
The dam impounds Sly Park Creek, a tributary of the Middle Fork Cosumnes River, to form a 41,000 acre foot, 650-acre reservoir called Jenkinson Lake.
At the time of its completion, the Saluda Dam was the world's largest earthen dam, creating the world's largest man-made lake, Lake Murray.
The dam was completed in 1962, creating a reservoir with a storage capacity of 151.3 hm³ that covered the former town of Sant Romà de Sau.
The dam impounds the Guntersville Lake of 67,900 acres, and its tailwaters feed into Wheeler Lake.
The hydroelectric plant is at the south eastern end near the western bank of the river.
The dam provides for flood control and hydroelectric power generation.
It is part of the Southeastern Anatolia Project and has a primary purpose of hydroelectric power generation and irrigation.
The main purpose of the dam is for potable water supply of the Sunshine Coast region.
The dam sites were incorporated into Marble Canyon National Monument in 1968, which was absorbed into Grand Canyon National Park in 1975.
The full storage of the Tillari dam will however only be done after two seasons considering the stability of the dam.
Zao Dam is a small earth core rock-fill dam in Khyber Agency of FATA, Pakistan.
Construction on the project, however, has yet to begin.
It was constructed between 1971 and 1979 and at 200 metres high, it is the tallest dam in Austria.
It belongs to the watershed of the Mantaro River.
Khersan-3 dam is an arch dam currently under construction on the Khersan River, a tributary of the Karun River, in Iran.
The nearest towns are Logiya, situated just north of the dam, and Semera, which has an airstrip and a university.
Hınıs Başköy Dam is a dam in Turkey.
Webster Reservoir is a reservoir in Rooks County, Kansas, United States.
The plant's total power generation between 1966 and 2006 was 1,947.05 GWh, which amounts to an average annual power generation of 48.68 GWh.
They were also constructed for irrigation water supply.
Construction began in 1957 and was completed in 1960.
Ozarkhed Dam is an earthfill dam on Unanda river near Dindori, Nashik district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The Çat Dam is an embankment dam on the Abdülharap River, located near Çelikhan in Adıyaman Province, Turkey.
The Inginimitiya Dam is an embankment dam built across the Mi Oya, at Inginimitiya, Sri Lanka.
Also, there is no Cabomba, an aquatic weed genus that can affect water quality.
Under Indian Rivers Inter-link projects, it is planned to connect the reservoir with the Nagarjunasagar reservoir to augment its water inflows.somasila project under canal systems developed.
Site studies and design of the dam was done by engineers from the Ministry of Irrigation.
The dam withholds a large 4,180,000,000 m3 capacity reservoir and supports a 550 MW power station.
The lake's primary functions are to provide flood control, water storage, and recreational opportunities.
The dam is intended for hydroelectric purposes and is part of Stage I of the Ranganadi Hydro Electric Project and supports the 405-megawatt Dikrong Power House.
The dam, which is made of argillaceous and quartzitic shale, is sealed with an internal core of grass sods.
The main lock at Wilson Dam is 110 feet wide by 600 feet long.
It was established in 1986 and serves mainly for pumping purposes.
Its construction had been delayed because of difficulties in land acquisition, leading to cost overruns.
The purpose of the Cizre Dam is irrigation, hydro-power and to control the tailwaters of the Ilisu Dam.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation, flood control and water supply for civil and irrigation use.
Terkos Dam is a lake-dam near the village of Durusu in the Çatalca district of Istanbul, Turkey.
Construction on the dam began in 2005 and it was complete in 2008.
Magat Dam is a large rock-fill dam in the island of Luzon in the Philippines.
The Vulcan Street Plant was housed in the Appleton Paper and Pulp Company building, which burned to the ground in 1891.
Lake Tangipahoa Dam is an embankment dam on the Tangipahoa River in Pike County, Mississippi.
The dam supplies the European side of the city and its suburbs with drinking water.
On 30 September 2011, amid democratic reforms in the country, President Thein Sein announced that the Myitsone dam project was to be suspended during his tenure.
Darna Dam, is a gravity dam on Darna river near Igatpuri, Nashik district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The dam is a contributing property of the "Schuylkill Navigation Canal, Oakes Reach Section" registered historic district.
The dam and other non-power components are owned by the government through the National Power Corporation.
The three canals associated with the barrage run through the city of Vijayawada, crossing it and giving it a Venetian appearance.
Dumitra Hydro Power Plant will be a large power plant on the Jiu River situated in Romania that will receive a total investment of US$280 million.
About 1.102 cubic kilometres are given exclusively for flood control.
The last generator was commissioned in 1979 and the entire project was completed in 1980 when Tajikistan was still a republic within the Soviet Union.
The dam and reservoir are the primary feature of the Tucumcari Irrigation Project.
It impounds the Lam Dom Noi River, and its reservoir is the province's largest water resource.
Yanbara Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Itoshiro River, in the Fukui prefecture of Japan.
Construction was completed in 1925 and is owned by the Pacific Gas and Electric Company.
Beard was a New England engineer who surveyed the area and selected the site for the dam.
Flaming Gorge Dam forms the Flaming Gorge Reservoir, which extends 91 miles into southern Wyoming, submerging four distinct gorges of the Green River.
Tuirial dam is an earthfill and gravity dam, currently under construction on the Tuirial River near Kolasib in the state of Mizoram in India.
The project is being developed by National Hydroelectric Power Corporation Ltd., while Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd. has executed the Electro-Mechanical works.
The Yaté Dam is an arch dam on the Yaté River in Yaté commune of New Caledonia, France.
It was first proposed in the 1970s but a formal proposal was not announced until 2006.
Peringalkuthu Dam is a concrete dam built across the Chalakkudi River in Thrissur district, Kerala state of India.
22 Historic District, #04000182 covering 1,268 acres, 1 building, 5 structures, 4 objects.
The dam's reservoir would be within Mae Wong National Park, which has drawn opposition.
The dam forms Lake Kaweah for flood control and irrigation water supply.
Ncora Dam is a gravity type dam located on the Tsomo River, near Tsomo, Eastern Cape, South Africa.
The development of the project on Lake Durusu was realised by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works, and entered into service in 1971.
The dam was constructed between 1979 and 1989.
The dam was established in 1957 with a capacity of 58 644 000 m3 behind a 55 m high wall.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The Cushaw Hydroelectric Project is a 7.5 megawatt dam and power house facility owned and operated by Virginia Electric Power Company, operating as Dominion Virginia Power.
It was constructed at a cost of US$36.88 million.
Bui will be the second largest hydroelectric generating plant in the country after the Akosombo Dam.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The dam is equipped with canal headworks, located on its left bank, which divert water into a canal.
The Frankenteich is an old reservoir in the Harz Mountains of central Germany.
Built and managed by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation for flood control and irrigation, it is also used for recreation.
This canal supplies water to approximately 37000 ha of irrigation, most of which is located in the Vaalhartz and Barkly Government Water Schemes.
Other rivers flowing into the dam are the Wilge River, Klip River, Molspruit and Grootspruit.
The power station itself is entirely on Russian territory.
The Thenmala dam is the second largest irrigation project in Kerala, India.
Storage of water in Idukki Reservoir started in February, 1973.
The principal purpose of the dam is to supply potable water for the city of Goulburn.
Smartt Dam is an earth-fill type dam located on the Ongers River near Britstown, Northern Cape, South Africa.
The plant was built on the Fox River in Appleton, Wisconsin and put into operation on September 30, 1882.
On the south side a wide footpath leads back to Königshütte, which passes the confluence of the Kalte and Warme Bode.
The 1990 Luzon earthquake also contributed to the increased siltation in the Magat River system.
In Hakkâri are the Gölgeliyamaç and Çocuktepe Dams on the Güzeldere River and the Aslandağ and Beyyurdu Dams on the Bembo River.
The dam is operated by Puget Sound Energy as part of the Baker River Hydroelectric Project.
The Dam was constructed on the Mhlathuze River, near Eshowe, KwaZulu-Natal, in 1980.
The W. A. C. Bennett Dam is a large hydroelectric dam on the Peace River in northern British Columbia, Canada.
The site underwent major rehabilitation from 1988 through 1991.
The 136-foot earth dam and its reservoir serve for flood control and recreational purposes.
It is in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin and is on the Matawin River.
It was established in 1977 and serves mainly for municipal and industrial use.
Water passes through the hydroelectric turbines or over the spillway.
Since Liujiaxia Town is the county seat of Yongjing County, it is often marked on less detailed maps simply as "Yongjing".
It is the tallest dam and creates the largest reservoir in New Caledonia.
Wachino Dam is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture, Japan.
The dam is located downstream of the larger Coleman Falls Dam.
The dam plays a vital role of flood controlling in monsoon season.
Millers Ferry Lock and Dam is a lock and hydroelectric dam on the Alabama River, near the community of Millers Ferry, Alabama.
It was established in 1923 and its main purpose is irrigation.
The Çubuk-1 Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Çubuk Stream near Çubuk in Ankara Province, Turkey.
The dam irrigates about 17,000 hectares and supports the livelihood of 120,000 people.
It is 7,426 metres long and 162 m high.
The lake was created by the floods mitigation and protection against floodings.
Çavdarhisar Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The flow averages about 45 cubic meters per second, and dissipates about 250 megawatts.
It was situated south of Glanum, in a gorge that cut into the hills of Les Alpilles in the Roman province of Gallia Narbonensis.
The Kanna Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Kanna River in Ginoza, Okinawa Prefecture, Japan.
Work on construction of dam started in August 2016 and will complete in February 2019.
The powerhouse was completed in 1984 and has an installed capacity of 2480 MW.
Oishi Dam is a dam in the Niigata Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1978.
Construction did not begin until an agreement was reached with the Gudenå Commission.
Popatkhed Dam, is an earthfill dam on Dather river near Akot, Akola district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
Johnson died on 26 September 1968, on the day he was to preside over the scheduled inauguration of the dam.
It is part of a hydro-electric complex intended to provide 880 MW.
The total length of the dam is 1,700 metres.
The dam's spillway is capable of discharging a maximum 2,800 m3/s and its bottom outlet a maximum of 50 m3/s.
Construction on the dam began in 1955 and it was complete in 1963 but was not used until 1965.
Preliminary construction for the dam began in 2006 while construction on the dam and power station commenced in 2008.
The Panshet dam is adjacent to Varasgaon dam, and together both have become a popular picnic spots.
The medium-height, masonry gravity dam is one of the largest non-federal hydroelectric dams in the U.S.
The powerhouse is 148 metres long, 40 metres wide and 64 metres.
The main purpose of the dam is for potable water supply of the Gold Coast region.
The dam is owned and operated by CHESF and was renamed in honor of Luiz Gonzaga, known as the "king of Baião" and "Gonzagão"
The plant was completely submerged by 2014 Sunkoshi blockage.
NPCC for earthen dam, spillways and canal
The dam has many purposes to include flood control, irrigation and groundwater recharge.
The relocation applied to approximately 400 families.
Likewise, the branch line from Eibenstock unt.
It is the largest power plant in Russia and the 9th-largest hydroelectric plant in the world, by average power generation.
The Balbina Dam is a hydroelectric dam and power station on the Uatumã River in the Amazon Rainforest, Brazil.
The facility was re-opened to the public on 7 June 2016.
It is a so-called storage reservoir forming part of the Rappbode Dam system.
The Xiaolangdi Dam is a dam in Jiyuan, Henan Province, China, and impounds the Yellow River.
Before the construction of the Kut Barrage, the Gharraf canal only received water during periods of flood in the Tigris.
New Lock hour as of 1 April 2015.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
It was established in 1986 and its primary purpose is water for domestic and industrial usage.
The dam will benefit the Idamalayar Irrigation Development Project by diverting water released from the tail race channel of the Idamalayar power station.
Kemer Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The power station has a 1,140 MW capacity and is supplied with water by a concrete face rock-fill embankment dam.
In late June 2011 it was reported that the construction was delayed due to the uprising in Syria.
It is fed by the Kara Darya and its tributaries Kurshab and Jazy.
The Shuangjiangkou Dam, also referred to as Shuang Jiang Kou, is an embankment dam currently being constructed on the Dadu River in Sichuan Province, China.
Shinaki dam was constructed to neutralize strong acid water that flowed from Kusatsu Onsen.
It forms the Shihmen Reservoir, Taiwan's third largest reservoir or artificial lake.
The dam's power station contains 4 x 175 MW Francis turbine-generators which are afford a maximum hydraulic head of 103 m given the dam's height.
The dam serves mainly for irrigation purposes and its hazard potential has been ranked high.
Takasegawa Dam is a dam in the Okayama Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1982.
Makuleke Dam is an earth-fill type dam located on the Mphongolo River, a tributary of the Shingwedzi River.
Access to the site is available from US Route 6 and State Route 195.
The reservoir has a storage capacity of 233 hm³ and the dam has a structural height of 33 m and a crest length of 150 m.
It was built from stone and mortar to sustain water flow for local steel mills between 1919 and 1927.
Unusually for its size, Lake Wixom boasts a lighthouse.
Heyshope Dam is a zoned earth-fill type dam located on the Assegaai River, Mpumalanga, South Africa.
Robert C. Byrd Lock and Dam is the 10th Lock and dam on the Ohio River, located 280 miles down stream of Pittsburgh.
Meiji Dam is a dam in the Okayama Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1993.
A second dam was built on the site in 1908 and opened in 1911 and comprises the present structure.
The area of the tank is 2 296.8 ha.
Getalsud Dam is an artificial reservoir situated in Ormanjhi, Ranchi, Jharkhand.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Construction on the dam began in 1978 and it was complete in 1984.
In the same year construction on the actual dam began and the reservoir began to fill on 15 June 2010.
It is the fifth of the eight hydroelectric power stations on the Waikato River, and at 360 MW, is the largest hydroelectric station on the Waikato.
Muthikulam hill is situated on the eastern side of the dam.
At the time of its completion, the dam was the largest in Asia, and power station was third-largest hydroelectric power station in the world.
Overflow protection is housed in a tower with a circular spillway in the reservoir, to which a gallery is connected.
The total capacity of the reservoir is 71,040 acre feet of water which is used mainly for irrigation.
There is a golf course in this area also, at the north end of the lake.
The impounded reservoir, also formed by Crotty Dam, is called Lake Burbury.
The last generator was operational on 4 April 1967.
Carraízo Dam is a concrete gravity dam located in the municipality of Trujillo Alto, Puerto Rico within the flow of the Río Grande de Loíza.
The plan was criticised by the Opposition as not providing any new water, and by ecologist David Paton as threatening surrounding wildlife.
Construction on the project began in 2007 and is expected to be complete in 2016.
Kirwin Reservoir is a reservoir in Phillips County, Kansas, United States.
Base Lake Dam is an embankment dam in Holly Springs, North Carolina which creates Bass Lake.
This led to "considerable" leakage in the gallery.
Kakki Reservoir is a reservoir, located in Pathanamthitta district of Kerala, India.
The Grand Inga Dam is a proposed hydroelectric dam on the Congo River at Inga Falls in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Fort Supply Lake is in Woodward County, Oklahoma, about 1 mile south of Fort Supply and 12 miles northwest of Woodward.
The dam was constructed between 1978 and 1985 with its power station being commissioned in 1987.
In 2005, torrential rain in the area caused an overflow from the dam, inundating a number of villages and claiming at least 20 lives.
It is located within the Allegheny National Forest.
Its reservoir has an area of 292 square kilometres, a mean depth of 41.3 metres), and a volume of 12,600 million cubic metres.
The dam serves several purposes including the provision of hydroelectric power generation, water supply, flood control, irrigation and aquaculture.
Ömerli Dam is located in Çekmeköy district of Istanbul Province.
The dam was started in 1852 and completed in 1855.
Rocky Reach is nationally recognized for efforts to protect the environment.
Construction on the dam began in 1998 and was completed in 2007.
Kwena Dam is a combined gravity & arch type dam located on the Crocodile River, near Lydenburg, Mpumalanga province, South Africa.
The dam's 65.6 megawatts power station was commissioned in June 1987.
Construction started in 1897 and was completed in 1905.
The reservoir is named for explorer John Wesley Powell, a one-armed American Civil War veteran who explored the river via three wooden boats in 1869.
The dam is completely surrounded by, and forms part of the Willem Pretorius Game Reserve.
Completion of stage one is expected in March 2019.
The two plants taken together account for more than 20% of Hydro-Québec's total installed capacity of 36,810 MW in 2009.
It is the third largest dam in Zimbabwe.
As a result, a further dam on the Mono River further downstream at Adjaralla is being constructed, starting in 2016.
From Bhandardara, visitors can climb up to see the Ratangad and Harishchandragad fort.
Currently, the Bratsk Power Station operates 18 hydro-turbines, each with capacity of 250 MW, produced by the Leningrad Metal Works in the 1960s.
The reservoir it creates, Enders Reservoir, has a water surface area of 2.5 square miles at its maximum capacity of 34,500 acre feet.
A total of 11 dams along the border; seven in Şırnak Province and four in Hakkâri Province were implemented for this purpose.
The dam was named after the Bibai Lake in 1987 by public designation.
The Tarik Dam is located 35 km downstream and diverts releases from the Sefidrud Dam for irrigation.
The Samanala Dam is a dam primarily used for hydroelectric power generation in Sri Lanka.
Together they are expected to provide 150,000 MW of electricity for areas in which power cuts are frequent and demand is growing fast.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
It is the tallest dam in North America.
The dam has an associated 43 MW hydroelectric power station which was commissioned in 1956.
The structure is the third on the site.
A trafficable track runs along the dam crest.
The Senzoku Dam is a gravity dam on the Togagawa River about 20 km south of Shogawa in Toyama Prefecture, Japan.
This allows the water pumped from the Columbia River to fill the upper Grand Coulee, creating a large equalizing reservoir known as Banks Lake.
Yamasato Dam is a dam in the Fukushima Prefecture of Japan, completed in 1943.
Mahamadwadi Dam, is an earthfill dam on Gad river near Nardave in Kankavli taluka of Sindhudurg district, in the state of Maharashtra in India.
Its location is near Idaho Falls, Idaho.
Its reservoir, Claytor Lake, is also used for recreation.
Established by John Moffat, a mining entrepreneur, its construction was supervised by Tom Brodie, a Scottish stonemason.
The dam contains seven surface spillways, two bottom outlets and an underground power station.
Irganai Dam is a hydroelectric dam in the Untskul region of Dagestan, Russia.
The dam was named after Hugh Llewellyn Keenleyside, the Canadian ambassador to Mexico, 1944-1947.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
After South Africa became a democratic country in 1994 the son of the former owner of Voëlvlei instituted a land claim under the Land Restitution Act.
In 2006, concrete placement began and on 19 May 2011, the dam began to impound the river.
The 3.1-gigalitre water store across the O'Shannassy River is located near the locality of McMahons Creek, approximately 80 kilometres east of Melbourne, Victoria.
Problems, though, still occur mainly in the form of large uncontrolled spills from the reservoir.
The Stillwater Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Stillwater River in Old Town north of downtown Orono in Penobscot County, Maine.
Construction began in 1987, in reaction to a perceived threat following the construction of the Imnam Dam by North Korea.
The famous 150-year-old Pattiyar Bungalow is on the banks of the Siruvani Reservoir.
The Nilambe Dam is a small hydroelectric dam build across the Nilambe River, measuring approximately 70 m in length.
The construction site had been inundated in September 2010 by floods.
It is located 4 km southeast of Liginiac in Corrèze department, France.
Bakun Dam came online on 6 August 2011.
The facility is owned and operated by Hydro-Québec.
The staff of Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power Plant was 241 person in 16.10.2015.
A reservoir was established to ensure a minimum level of water in the river.
Strike Dam is an earth-fill type hydroelectric dam on the Snake River, just below the Bruneau River confluence, in the U.S. state of Idaho.
Tlawng Dam, is a proposed rock-fill dam on the Tlawng River near Lungleng, 25 km from Aizawl, in the state of Mizoram in India.
Kougawa Dam is a dam in Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1973.
Construction began in 1927, and was completed in 1930.
It is located less than 15 miles down stream of Pittsburgh.
Its main purpose is for irrigation use and the hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
Success Dam is a dam across the Tule River in Tulare County, California in the United States.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
Sarıoğlan Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The lake was electrofished by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission in 2010.
Its primary purpose is to store raw water for treatment and distribution.
The dam is one of the three hydroelectric dams on the Drin River.
The Beyhan I Dam is a gravity dam on the Murat River near the village of Beyhan in Palu district, Elazığ Province, Turkey.
It contains four 70 megawatts Francis turbine-generators.
The dam supports a pumped-storage hydroelectric power-station.
The project has been criticised for its environmental impact and its use of foreign workers.
The Rantembe Dam is a 52-megawatt hydroelectric gravity dam at Rantembe, in the Central Province of Sri Lanka.
It was intended that 225,000 hectares would be irrigated as part of this project.
As of 2016, annual maintenance costs are estimated at about $40,000.
The dam was named after the president of the Okanogan Valley Power Company, Eugene Enloe.
Preliminary construction on the dam began on November 2, 2010 and the official groundbreaking took place on March 7, 2011.
The dam is connected to Lake Hodges and the Second San Diego Aqueduct.
Toward the end of this season, the dam sometimes overflows.
The earliest proposals for exploitation of hydropower on the Potomac were made in the 1880s.
Weija Dam is a dam on the Densu River which supports the main water treatment plant for Accra in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana.
The primary purpose of the dam is to increase water supply in Tutong and Brunei-Muara Districts by as much as 156,000,000 m3 annually.
Construction began in 1937, but was delayed by World War II, and the dam did not start generating power until 1948.
It has an overall catchment area of 300 kilometres2.
Catching the waters of the Sijimi and Yamada rivers, the catchment becomes known as Tsukuhara Lake.
The Culmback Dam is a large rockfill hydroelectric and water supply dam on the Sultan River, a tributary of the Skykomish River, in Washington.
The dam is 18 m tall and it is spillway has a maximum discharge of 6,500 m3/s.
The Minamiaiki Dam is a rock-fill embankment dam on the Minamiaiki River in Minamiaiki, Nagano Prefecture, Japan.
The spillway has a discharge capacity of 27,600 cubic metres per second.
Kar Dam, is an earthfill dam on Kar river near Wardha in state of Maharashtra in India.
The dam is noted for its classic, uncontrolled morning-glory type spillway.
The dam created Lake Marathon for the primary purpose of municipal water supply.
The Karun-3 dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Karun river located in the province of Khuzestan, Iran.
Nagan Dam, is an earthfill dam on Nagan river near Navapur, Nandurbar district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
Just to the north of the dam is a rip rap saddle dam to support water elevation in the reservoir.
The reservoir being supplemented through Sri Rama Sagar Project by Saraswathi Canal to stabilize the localized catchment area.
The dam has a small hydroelectric power station, which was upgraded during the period 2002-04 to its current installed capacity of 10 megawatts.
Its power station has a capacity of 148 megawatts with all four units running, though the total nameplate capacity is 160 megawatts.
After the raising of the dam in 1967, it has a storage capacity of 45 million m³.
The dam began impounding water in April 1936 and was completed July of that year.
The reservoir is usually filled by August.
It impounds North Shirttail Creek, a tributary of the North Fork American River, and serves as the primary municipal water supply for the Foresthill community.
The dam was built from 1929 to 1933 in the vicinity of Lengefeld in the Ore Mountains and was taken into service in 1933.
Thousands of people were displaced to build the dam.
The dam site is situated near a place called "Bhasha" in Gilgit-Baltistan's Diamer District, hence the name.
Water quality in the reservoir is poor and deteriorating, affecting fish catches.
Raghagan Dam is a concrete gravity dam under construction 13 kilometers East of Khaar town, Bajaur Agency of FATA, Pakistan.
Yagisawa Dam is a dam in the Gunma Prefecture of Japan; it supports a 240 MW hydroelectric power station.
Derbent Dam is a gravity/embankment dam on the Kızılırmak River in Samsun Province, Turkey.
The Taipingwan Dam is a gravity dam on the lower Yalu River between China and North Korea.
The reservoir is the largest reservoir within Grampians-Wimmera-Mallee Water's supply system.
Kamiasō Dam is a dam in the Gifu Prefecture of Japan.
The facility is operated by the United States Army Corps of Engineers.
It was built in 1929 and is one of five reservoirs on the Ruhr.
Dashields Lock and Dam is a dam on the Ohio River.
The operating capacity of Noxon Rapids Dam at full turbine flow and full pool is 466 MW.
It impounds the longest reservoir in the state and water from the reservoir is also used for power generation.
The dam's spillway is an overflow type with 21 floodgates and has a maximum discharge of 21,900 m3/s.
Punegaon Dam, is an earthfill dam on Unanda river near Tasgaon, Nashik district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
Klipberg Dam is an arch type dam located on the Konings River, near McGregor, Western Cape, South Africa.
It also serves as a bridge for Massachusetts Route 113.
Over three decades only preliminary construction has been carried out on the dam.
Mazvikadei Dam is a dam in Zimbabwe which provides water for farm irrigation.
However, evaporation on Lakes Habbaniyah and Tharthar led to reduced storage and high salinity, conditions unsuitable for irrigation.
A youth hostel, camp site and restaurant have been built by the pond.
The dam was constructed between 1986 and 1997.
The project commenced commercial operation in October 1990, and is owned by a Covanta Energy–Atlantic Power joint venture.
This Project proposed to supply water to Asifabad, Wankidi, Kaghaznagar, and Sirpur mandals more than 45,000 in acres.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
It is located in the municipality Nisa, in Portalegre District, Portugal.
The Luiz Carlos Barreto de Carvalho Dam, formerly known as Estreito, is an embankment dam on the Grande River near Fronteira in São Paulo, Brazil.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it supports a 120 megawatts power station.
This was in recognition of the diversity of wildlife and threatened species which occur in the reserve.
The reservoir naturally receives water from a catchment of 104 square kilometres, which is not enough to fill it alone.
Water can be collected from various heights and diverted to the reservoir.
Its reservoir covers 57.28 km2 and stretches into neighboring Osh Region, Kyrgyzstan.
Constructed between 1926 and 1929, it was the sole supplier of water to Athens until 1959.
The scenic Elk River hiking trail is 15 miles long, and goes from the west edge of the dam westward to the bridge on Elk River.
Clay resources, which are a primary occupation for many villagers, would be endangered if the dam gates closed.
It has an installed capacity of 121.5 MW.
The lake is formed by Kanopolis Dam.
The 71 m high dam wall is situated 3 km from Swadini resort by road.
The purpose of building Camanche Dam and reservoir is to provide flood control, water flows for agriculture, habitat for fisheries and recreation for community.
If completed, Site C would be the first large dam built in BC since 1984 and BC's fourth largest producer of electricity.
The dam was constructed between 1993 and 2005 as part of the Southeastern Anatolia Project.
Kelzar Dam, is an earthfill dam on Aram river near Satana, Nashik district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
With its opening in 1891, this pioneer work of hydraulic engineering was a milestone in the economic development of the city of Remscheid.
The station can generate 2,106 MW and was commissioned in 1991–1992.
The dam forms Lucky Peak Lake and is surrounded by Lucky Peak State Park.
It operates at an installed capacity of 124 MW, with an average annual production of 650 GWh.
Denis-Perron Dam is a rockfill embankment dam spanning the Sainte-Marguerite River, a tributary of the lower Saint Lawrence River, in eastern Quebec, Canada.
Several smaller villages nearby met with the same fate.
The Fiastrone flows into the reservoir from the south and exits the reservoir in the northeast part of the lake.
The Shingwedzi River flows close to the northeastern side of the reservoir and joins the Rio dos Elefantes about 12 kilometres downstream from the dam wall.
The dam is owned by TGC-1 and Narva Power Plants.
The Kotmale Dam is a large hydroelectric and irrigation dam in Kotmale, Sri Lanka.
Little Goose Dam is part of the Columbia River Basin system of dams.
Construction began in 2007 and the dam was complete in 2010.
The Jinghong Dam is a gravity dam composed of roller-compacted concrete on the Lancang River near Jinghong in Yunnan Province, China.
The lower reservoir for the power station is created by a 20 m high and 238 m long weir.
The project was complete in June 2008 at a cost of US$332 million.
An agreement was executed in August 1973 between the state Governments for drinking water supply to Coimbatore town and neighbouring areas from the Siruvani Dam.
Palisades Dam is an earth-fill dam on the Snake River in Bonneville County in the U.S. state of Idaho.
The dam was constructed by the German 'Joint Venture Randenigala', a different German Joint Venture has built the [Randenigala Dam]], further upstream.
Construction on the dam began in 2004 and it was completed in 2006 at a cost of $5 million USD.
It is also the oldest currently generating, the first government-built, and the largest single hydroelectric power station on the Waikato River.
Dham Dam, is an earthfill dam on Dham river near Arvi, Wardha district in state of Maharashtra in India.
Rutshuru Hydroelectric Power Station, also referred to as Rutshuru Hydropower Station, is a 13.8-megawatt hydroelectric power station under construction in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Zosel Dam is a dam in the U.S. state of Washington that blocks the Okanogan River to create the Osoyoos Lake.
The purpose of the dam is water storage for irrigation and hydroelectric power generation.
1.5 million liters of water pass through this reservoir every day.
Since 1915, the six-unit powerhouse on the left side of the dam has occupied a significant portion of the 87-foot high waterfall.
In the face of determined opposition from the National Park Service and conservation groups, the dam was never built.
The water is used for power generation at the Dehar Power House before being discharged into the Sutlej River, connecting both rivers.
Its name comes from a tiny bay in the river where boats once tied up to wait for upstream ice-jams to break up.
La Yesca Dam is an embankment dam on the Santiago River 90 km northwest of Guadalajara on the border of Mexico's Nayarit and Jalisco states.
8 is a lock and dam located near Genoa, Wisconsin on the Upper Mississippi River near river mile 679.2.
Yamamoto Reservoir is a reservoir in Niigata Prefecture, Japan.
Khandeshar Dam, is an earthfill dam on Vali river near Osmanabad in state of Maharashtra in India.
The estimated generation potential of 473.0 GWh of generation has been exceeded in most years since its commissioning.
The Amagase Dam is an arch dam on the Uji River just upstream from Uji City in Kyoto Prefecture, Japan.
Berdewadi dam, is an earthfill dam on local river near Lanja, Ratnagiri district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The area upstream from the dam contains 2,255 sq mi of the watershed's 2,650 sq mi.
It is in the Alvito Municipality within Beja District and impounds the Odivelas River creating the largest artificial lake in Europe.
Saigawa Dam is a dam in the Ishikawa Prefecture of Japan, completed in 1965.
The Akao Dam is a gravity dam on the Shō River in Nishiakao village about 18 km south of Nanto in Toyama Prefecture, Japan.
Construction of the dam began in January 1987, and was completed in April 1990 as scheduled.
In addition, critics worry that construction of the Belo Monte Dam could make the construction of other dams upstream- which could have greater impacts- more viable.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The Nangbeto Dam is an embankment dam on the Mono River in the Plateaux Region of Togo.
It has 11 generators rated in total 1300 MW.
Construction on the dam began in February 2009 and its first 273 MW Francis turbine-generator was commissioned on 1 December 2014.
It is owned and operated by Douglas County Public Utility District.
The rehabilitation is being funded by the World Bank.
It is located at mile marker 397.1 from the mouth of the Columbia.
Brushy Fork flows into Little Marsh Fork, which then enters Marsh Fork, which is a tributary of the Coal River.
The dam is 22 feet high and 435 feet long.
The power plant has installed capacity of 8.4 MW.
The Kirirom 1 Dam is an embankment dam located in the Kirirom National Park of Koh Kong Province, Cambodia
The current dam, maintained by the Department of Conservation and Recreation, dates from 1900.
The drainage area of Sly Park Creek behind the dam is 47 square miles.
On September 16, 1921 it was included into a GOELRO plan.
Designs were finalized in 1982, revised in the early 1990s and construction began in 1999.
It straddles the border of Embu and Machakos counties in Kenya.
It is the smallest dam in the Texas Highland Lakes chain, and is the only one that does not have floodgates.
In recent years, drought and pumping restrictions to protect endangered fish have contributed to low water levels at the San Luis Reservoir.
It is at Hombolo-Bwawani village, in Dodoma-rural District.
A total of 11 dams along the border; seven in Şırnak Province and four in Hakkâri Province were implemented for this purpose.
The Marmaris Dam is a concrete-face rock-fill dam on the Kocaalan Creek located 10 km north of Marmaris in Muğla Province, Turkey.
The dam lies on the border of Marion and Baxter Counties, and forms Bull Shoals Lake, which extends well northwest into Missouri.
Normally, no water is impounded behind the dams, they are strictly for flood control.
The Sweetwater Dam is a dam across the Sweetwater River in San Diego County, California.
The Yomasari Dam is a dam on the Niida River, located in the city of Hachinohe, Aomori Prefecture in the Tōhoku region of northern Honshū, Japan.
The dam's opening date is set to May 29, 2018.
It is located 6 kilometers from Alarcón, in the province of Cuenca, in the autonomous community of Castilla-La Mancha, Spain.
Valeira Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Douro, where the river forms the border line between the districts of Viseu and Bragança.
Several International organizations, non-government organizations and nations sent aid.
It was opened by William McMahon on 29 June 1972.
Jocassee Dam is an embankment dam on the Keowee River, straddling the border of Pickens and Oconee counties in South Carolina in the United States.
It is named after King Fahad and is managed by the Ministry of Water and Electricity.
It is located near Giyani, Limpopo, South Africa.
The dam consists of concrete structure 811 feet long with five roller gates and eight tainter gates.
The Enloe Dam, also known as the Similkameen Dam, and its powerplant are located on the Similkameen River about 4 miles west-northwest of Oroville, Washington.
It is currently owned maintained by the Electric Power Development Company.
The project is situated near Pathankot city in Pathankot district of the state of Punjab and Basholi tehsil of Kathua district in J&K.
The Hantangang Dam is a gravity dam currently under construction on the Hantan River in Yeoncheon County, Gyeonggi Province, South Korea.
Lake Sacajawea, formed from Ice Harbor Dam, runs 35 miles southwest, downstream from the base of the dam.
Construction started in June 1947 and the dam was completed in July 1951.
Constructions on the facility began in 1930 and was completed in 1961.
The installed generation capacity of the plant is 14 GW, with 20 generating units providing 700 MW each with a hydraulic design head of 118 metres.
This dam is constructed across the Walayar River which is a tributary of Kalpathipuzha River.
It is owned by the Grant County Public Utility District.
It is a public works which The Japan Society of Civil Engineers has recommended as a site of Public Works Heritage.
The purpose of the dam is to store a sludge consisting of tailings and waste from a nearby coal mine.
The dam is located north of Little Rock.
The dam produces anywhere from 12,000kW to 25,000kW of hydro electric power.
The dam would be designed to accommodate a future height increase to 880 feet.
Santa Rosa Dam is a dam in Guadalupe County, New Mexico.
Rhenosterkop Dam is combined gravity and arch type dam in Mpumalanga Province, South Africa.
Though supported by many politicians and businesses in Alaska, the project was canceled after objections were raised.
Electrical power generated at Bonneville is distributed by the Bonneville Power Administration.
It spans the Kita River, a class A river, in the Gokase River drainage system.
The dam's electrical output is connected to the national electrical grid, with most generation occurring during periods of peak demand for electricity.
It was expected to be completed in 2016., but as of 2017 this project is likely on hold.
Construction of project started in 2012, and was completed on 30 August 2014 at a cost of PKR 191.60 Million.
Completed in 1979, it generates 4x125=500 MW of power giving an annual electricity production of 1,217 GWh.
The reservoir has 677,400 acre feet of usable water storage.
Wilson Lake is a reservoir in the U.S. state of Kansas, on the border of Russell County and Lincoln County.
The 1992 powerplant has 46 and 11.5 MW generators, with a small 800 KW generator for low-flow conditions.
The project's estimated approved cost was US$490 million.
It begins near the point where the Lenne flows into the Ruhr, and ends with the weir and hydroelectric plant of Hengsteysee.
The power station is situated on the Great Lake and South Esk catchment and is owned and operated by Hydro Tasmania.
It provides drinking water for the city of Manisa while also irrigating 19,260 ha.
The site underwent a major rehabilitation from 1989 and 2006.
Nakhla Dam is a rock-filled embankment dam in northern Morocco, to the southeast of El Hamma.
It is the tallest dam in the country and also creates the largest reservoir in the country, Lake Tisza.
The dams power station is located 320 m downstream and contains two 70 MW Francis turbine-generators for an installed capacity of 140 MW.
Water from Lake Gordon descends 183 metres underground into the power station.
Its power station consists of two 100 MW Francis turbine-generators for an installed capacity of 200 MW.
The 155 m dam withholds a reservoir of 727,000,000 m3, of which 209,000,000 m3 is active or "useful" storage.
The dam is 100 m high and 270 m long, with a gross storage capacity of 1,715,000,000 m3 of water.
The purpose of the dam is to produce hydroelectricity and it supports a 240 MW power station.
The dam's purpose includes hydro-power, irrigation, water supply, and conservation.
The dam is 135 m tall on its upstream face and 200 m tall on its downstream face.
It is one of the main sources of water for Tehran metropolitan region.
The dam has a rated capacity of 1,040 megawatts and annually generates over 4 million megawatt-hours.
Gamkapoort Dam is a gravity type dam located on the Gamka River, near Prince Albert, Western Cape, South Africa.
Built in 1965, the dam is 640 feet long at the crest and 262 feet high.
Peruvaripallam Dam is an earth-filled embankment dam on the Peruvaripallam River in Palakkad district of Kerala, India.
Construction was set to begin in 2014 and continue on until at least 2017.
The dam is 24 miles south of the town of Vantage, and 47 miles northwest of the city of Richland.
The project provides flood control, generates hydro power, and stores most of the water used for irrigation in the Klamath Reclamation Project.
The dam is located in Kerala on the river Periyar, but is operated and maintained by Tamil Nadu state.
The Maruyama Dam is a dam on the border of Mitake and Yaotsu in Gifu Prefecture, Japan.
Kamishiiba Dam is a dam in Miyazaki Prefecture, Japan.
The fifth and final generator was commissioned on 9 June 2014.
The 134.5 m tall dam withholds a reservoir with a capacity of 321,500,000 m3 and was constructed with both normal concrete and roller-compacted concrete.
Utawali Dam, is an earthfill dam on Utawali river near Mehkar, Buldhana district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The 8 Kaplan-type turbines and synchronous generator units were made by Fuji, Japan.
Construction on the dam began in 2013 and the river was diverted around the construction site in February 2014.
It drains an area of 0.2 square miles.
The original 60-metre tall dam was completed in 1984 but it was raised to 98 metres by 1994 to increase power generation.
Holter Dam is a hydroelectric straight gravity dam on the Missouri River about 45 miles northeast of Helena, Montana, in the United States.
The Zillierbach was known as the Holtemme until the 16th century, then from 1558 as the Zilgerbach.
It has a capacity of 90 MW and an average expected production of 60 MW.
It was built between 1936 and 1939.
This occurs when energy demand is high and when it is low, water is pumped back up to the Doyo Dam as stored energy.
The Kherkatta Reservoir was constructed over an area of 1,300 acres over an estimated cost of Rs 0.08 crores.
The impounded reservoir is called Tantangara Reservoir.
The dam will eventually increase 1,045 m in height and have a capacity of 233,800,000 m3.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Aburagi Dam is a dam built upstream on the class-B Imagawa River, located in the town of Soeda, in the Tagawa District of Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan.
The purpose of the dam is irrigation and it provides water for up to 11,678 ha of land.
Kadana Dam is an earthen and masonry dam on the Mahi River in Mahisagar district of Gujarat, India.
The Easton Diversion Dam is a diversion dam on the Yakima River In western Kittitas County near Easton, Washington.
Vishwamitri Dam, is an earthfill dam on Vishwamitri river near Patur in Akola district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The dam supports a 1,280 MW power station with 4 x 320 MW generators that can operate at a maximum capacity of 1400 MW.
It is the largest of the 6 major dams in the Western Cape with a capacity of 480 188 million litres.
The Poatina Power Station is a conventional hydroelectric power station located in the Central Highlands region of Tasmania, Australia.
In 1973 it was designated a Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
The dam was demolished in early 2013.
The dam's 1,000  MW pumped-storage scheme is currently under construction with expected commissioning in May 2018.
The Kanoko Dam is a concrete Gravity dam in Oketocho, Hokkaidō, Japan.
Construction of dam started in March 2010 and its completion was inaugurated by Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari on 9 March 2013.
People were evacuated as water began to pour through the cracks.
It was established in 1943 and its main purpose is for municipal and industrial usage.
The number of inhabitants in the reservoir area for resettlement is also significantly less.
Galhati Dam, is an earthfill dam on Galhati river at Baraswada, Ambad, Jalna district in State of Maharashtra in India.
Miyagawa Dam is a dam in the Fukushima Prefecture of Japan, completed in 1962.
It was created by a 33 m high concrete dam on the Ob River near Novosibirsk.
Pipestem Dam is an embankment dam on the Pipestem River located 4 mi north of Jamestown, North Dakota.
The dam is 67 kilometers northwest of the Kwekwe and 54 km southwest of Kadoma.
The foreshore is protected by the Tasmanian Government as a nature recreation area.
The dam has withstood many earthquakes in the recent past, including the devastating 1967 Koynanagar earthquake, resulting in the dam developing some cracks.
196 in the system of hiking checkpoints in the Harzer Wandernadel.
With upgrades and further river diversions, Bersimis-2's installed capacity has been increased over time to its current capacity of 869 megawatts.
Although the reservoir is fed by run-off, its main source is the First San Diego Aqueduct.
It was expected to be complete in 2018.
Kuki Dam is a dam in Kitagawa, Kōchi Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1963.
Water is treated at the Ngethu treatment works.
It was also used to drain water from the nearby Upper Canal during maintenance.
The catchment area of the dam is 315 km² and comprises primarily the City of Tshwane Metropolitan Municipal area in Gauteng, South Africa.
It is named after the town of Massingir, in Massingir District.
It was commissioned on October 10, 1968, six months ahead of schedule.
In 2013, the governments of India and Bangladesh announced further delays, as the latter nation undertakes additional studies about expected effects and mitigating measures.
It is located in the Cascades, about 5 mi west of the city of Detroit.
The water is transported to the powerhouse through a 12.04 km long tunnel and a 3.65 km long pressure tube.
Norris Dam is a hydroelectric and flood control structure located on the Clinch River in Anderson County and Campbell County, Tennessee, United States.
The main structure and three generators were completed in 1961, with an additional three generators finished in 1976.
Supporters call on the benefit to the lucrative cotton crops it will help irrigate and the dam's planned 162 MW hydroelectric power plant.
It produces an average of around 225 gigawatt-hours of electricity per annum.
Construction on the dam began in 2008 and it was completed in 2015.
It was built with financial support from Japan and the United Kingdom.
The project provides flood control, electric power, irrigation, and navigation benefits, estimated by the Corps of Engineers at $150,000,000 per year.
The site is located 94 km from Surat.
Gyanganga Dam,, is an earthfill dam on Gyanganga river near Khamgaon, Buldhana district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The dam is situated within the Winburndale Nature Reserve, 19 kilometres East of Bathurst, New South Wales.
Construction of the dam commenced in 1966 and was completed in 1974.
The Vaigai Dam is built across the Vaigai River near Andipatti, in the Theni district of Tamil Nadu, southern India.
Tilaiya Dam was the first of the four multi-purpose dams included in the first phase of the Damodar Valley Corporation.
Original work on this flood control project began in 1967.
The source of the Middle Letaba river rises high in the tropical mountains of Magoebaskloof near Tzaneen, where rainfall is abundant during the summer months.
After the design and location were chosen, a further study was carried out in 1997, the same year preliminary construction began.
In 1960, the plant was acquired by SEV from Suðuroyar Elverk.
The Maoergai Dam is a rock-filled embankment dam on the Heishui River in Mao County of Sichuan Province, China.
Water from the Channel Reservoir can be fed into the adjacent Kaparas and Sultansanjar Reservoirs for later use.
Minochi Dam is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1943.
The dam is owned and operated by the Saskatchewan Watershed Authority.
In August 2015, suspected Kurdistan Workers' Party militants set fire to three cement trucks associated with the dam construction site.
New Croton Dam has a public park and trail head at its base and a road along its crest.
The Teton Dam was an earthen dam on the Teton River in Idaho, United States.
Preliminary construction on the dam began on 29 March 2012 and earliest completion was expected in 2019.
The dam consists of a concrete dam 763 feet long with four roller gates and eight tainter gates.
The Lakhwar Dam is a gravity dam currently under construction on the Yamuna River near the town of Lakhwar in Dehradun district of Uttarakhand, India.
The station can generate 5,616 MW and its 16 units were gradually commissioned between 1979 and 1981.
The Pumacocha dam was completed in 1942.
The dam supports a hydroelectric power facility with a 2,160 megawatts capacity.
The Ulu Tutong Dam is an embankment dam currently under construction on the Sungai Tutong River in Tutong District, Brunei.
The dam consists of a concrete structure 682 feet long with five roller gates and five tainter gates with an earth embankment 22,000 feet long.
The maximum tidal range in the estuary is 8.39 m.
Waghur Dam is an earthfill dam located on the Waghur River near Nandgaon, Jalgaon in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
The dam creates a reservoir of 276,500,000 m3 which supplies water to a power station containing two 200 MW generators.
Because its sole purpose is flood mitigation, the retention basin behind the dam is almost always empty of water.
The minimum draw down level of the reservoir is at 705 feet MSL from its river sluice gates.
The Dachaoshan Dam is a gravity dam on the Lancang River in Yunnan Province, China.
It is part of the Upper Charles River Reservation.
From the intake on the northern portion of the concrete dam, water is fed via four 750 ft penstocks towards the underground power station.
The dam, protection of its catchment and rainforest contribute to its national significance as outlined in Fiji's Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan.
Karapiro is 30 kilometres upstream from the city of Hamilton and is the last of the eight hydroelectric power stations on the Waikato River.
The dam is operated by the Comisión Federal de Electricidad, a state-owned Mexican electric company.
The lake was completely drained for irrigation needs in 2001, destroying fish stocks, but recreational use has since rebounded.
The Consuegra Dam was a Roman buttress dam in Toledo province, Castilla-La Mancha, Spain, dating to the 3rd or 4th century AD.
Alto Lindoso Dam is a concrete double curvature arch dam on the Lima River.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it supports a 140.4 MW power station.
In order to protect the crest from overspill, a spillway has been constructed south of it to handle excess water.
The Martinsville Dam is a gravity dam on the Smith River in Martinsville, Virginia.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The dam lies in Peneda-Gerês National Park close to the border with Spain.
It forms the John W. Flannagan Reservoir behind it.
It has over 800 kilometres of shoreline and is South Africa's second biggest dam by area and the fourth largest by volume.
In 2004, the facility was listed in the National Register of Historic Places as Lock and Dam No.
The Sosa Dam is a dam in the Free State of Saxony in East Germany.
Yubara Dam is a dam in the Okayama Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1954.
It was authorized by the Flood Control Acts of 1941 and 1944.
Not to be confused with Chandani Dam from Osmanabad district.
The Uzunçayır Dam is an embankment dam on the Munzur River, located 14 km south of Tunceli in Tunceli Province, Turkey.
A smaller 8 MW power station, Treblinje-2, was completed downstream in 1979.
In 1999 the Ñawinqucha dam was erected at the northeastern end of the lake at 12°35′32″S 75°26′7.5″W.
The dam has a length of 750 feet at its crest and a storage capacity of 56,893 acre feet.
It is 18 km from Bilaspur off the Chandigarh-Manali Highway near Barmana, Himachal Pradesh.
The dam consists of concrete structure 1,619 feet long with six roller gates and 28 tainter gates and an earth embankment 18,000 feet long.
The facility uses vertical kaplan turbines: five 55MW generators and one 15MW generator.
The dam was constructed by the French Business Company between 1937 and 1938.
Miboro Dam is a dam on the Shō River in Takayama, in the Gifu Prefecture of Japan.
Aralakalmodi Dam is a gravity dam on the Arala river near Khed in state of Maharashtra in India.
On 24 February 2012, the dam's diversion tunnel seal broke while the dam was impounding the river for the first time.
18 is a lock and dam located near Gladstone, Illinois and Burlington, Iowa on the Upper Mississippi River around river mile 410.5.
Construction on the dam began in 1970 and the first generator was operational in 1978.
The community had been named after the title character in the Charles Dickens novel, The Pickwick Papers.
The dam and reservoir have fragmented the upper Green River, blocking fish migration and significantly impacting many native species.
Due to this designation, hydropower production is currently not allowed at the dam.
Techi Dam is a concrete thin arch dam on the Dajia River in Heping District, Taichung, Taiwan.
Molteno Dam is a small but historic dam, on the lower slopes of Table Mountain in Western Cape, South Africa.
The dam is operated by the Water Utilities Corporation, and supplies water to the capital city of Gaborone.
It is located 12 km from the town of Periyakulam in Theni district.
Eagle cameras have been placed at nesting sites and can be viewed online.
Serlui B Dam is also being developed as a pisciculture center with lakhs of fishes released into the dam in 2009.
By late February the dam had not been fully breached but the unplanned rising reservoir behind the dam caused evacuations upstream.
Montgomery Locks and Dam is a lock and dam on the Ohio River, located 32 miles downstream of Pittsburgh.
4 Hydropower Plant and is owned by Kansai Electric Power Company.
Bivane Dam is an arch type dam on the Bivane River, near Vryheid, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and navigation.
The canal feeds water into Lake Habbaniyah to the southeast.
It is approachable by road from Delhi from the Delhi - Mathura road.
Harsprånget is a hydroelectric power station located on the Lule River in northern Sweden, just downstream of Porjus.
On 24 June 1904, while workers were cleaning the station's penstock, water was accidentally released down it killing 33 of them.
Indian scientific establishment has formulated an ambitious project to drill a deep borehole in the region and intensely study the earthquake activity.
Yuda Dam is a multipurpose dam located in the town of Nishiwaga, Iwate, in the Tohoku region of northern Japan.
The basalt allows very little water to soak into the ground.
The main purpose of the project is hydroelectric power generation with additional purposes of flood control and irrigation.
It is a multi-purpose dam its purpose includes flood control and recreation.
The Ririe Reservoir is a reservoir located near Ririe, Idaho.
It started filling on May 9, 1958, 59 years ago, flooding the community of Robinette.
Anjanapalshi Dam is an earthfill dam on the Anjana River near Kannad, Aurangabad district in state of Maharashtra in India.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The Great Works Dam, which was 8 mi upstream of the Veazie Dam, was removed in 2012.
It is stocked with perch, trout, carp, European chub, common rudd, common roach, pumpkinseed, wels catfish, Danube Bleak and various members of Carassius.
The dam is 883 feet long and 94 feet high, and generates 48 megawatts of power.
Both upstream and downstream, over 20,000 people were evacuated.
The name, Deesbach Forebay, was derived d from the close proximity to the municipality Deesbach.
Massingir Dam is a dam on the Rio dos Elefantes, Gaza Province, Mozambique.
The dam was rebuilt as Savage Dam in 1918, and has functioned properly since.
Jatiluhur Dam was designed by Coyne et Bellier and was constructed between 1957 and 1965 while the power station become operational in 1967.
The flooded area is now Bayano Lake.
The Orono Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Stillwater River at its confluence with the Penobscot River in Orono, Penobscot County, Maine.
The Papanasam dam is located 49 kilometres away from Tirunelveli in Tamil Nadu, India.
Daily, monthly and yearly statistical data in cf/s since 1924 are available at the United States Geological Survey website.
A county park is nearby from which the lock structure can be viewed.
The power plant is owned and operated by the City of New Martinsville.
Apart from that, it is also used for industrial purposes and generating electricity.
The project construction was in between 2003 and 2015.
Mount Bold Reservoir is the largest reservoir in South Australia with a maximum capacity of over forty-six thousand megalitres.
The Zhikong Hydro Power Station, is a reservoir and power station on the Lhasa River in Maizhokunggar County to the east of Lhasa, Tibet, China.
It is located 6 km southwest of Hudson's Hope, 23 km downstream from the W.A.C.
Kurodani Dam is a dam in the Okayama Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1931.
The reservoir has a normal storage capacity of 76,000 acre-feet.
Gose Khurd Dam, is an earthfill dam on the Wainganga River near Pauni in Bhandara district in state of Maharashtra in India.
It is owned by Companhia Portuguesa de Produção de Electricidade.
The dam's purpose includes hydro-power, irrigation, water supply, and conservation.
Constructed between 1998 and 2005, the development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works as a build-operate-transfer project.
The Çetin Dam is a rock-fill dam with an asphalt-concrete core, currently being constructed on the Botan River in Siirt Province, Turkey.
The discharge of effluents from adjacent agricultural lands has caused algae growth and eutrophication especially in spring.
An approximate annual savings of two million barrels of fuel oil
The maximum volume of water is 13,900 acre feet.
The reservoir started filling in May 2003, and the two power generators finally operated in July and September 2004.
Kawabe Dam is a dam in Kawabe, Gifu Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1936.
It is located 35 km east of Dongfang.
Canyon Dam is an embankment dam on the North Fork Feather River in northern California, 16 mi southwest of Westwood.
Proposals were made to install a sixth 700 kW unit, but this has not yet been installed.
It is a combination gravity and embankment dam.
It was constructed in 1932, placed in operation in 1936.
Of that capacity, 6,200,000 m3 is used to produce electricity at the power plant.
Kasagi Dam is a dam in the Gifu Prefecture of Japan.
Named for New York city planner Robert Moses, the plant was built to replace power production after a nearby hydroelectric plant collapsed in 1956.
Pazaryolu Dam is a dam in Turkey.
Under contract from Turkey's State Hydraulic Works, Ozerka Insatt began construction on the dam in 2008 and a completion date has not been announced.
Both the Rio Hondo, a tributary of the Los Angeles River, and the San Gabriel River flow through this gap and are impounded by the reservoir.
At 186 metres in height, it is the tallest dam in Japan.
It is located in Peneda-Gerês National Park, in the municipality Montalegre, in Vila Real District, Portugal.
The canal systems serve to irrigate farm land while the reservoir provides drinking water to Palakkad and surrounding villages.
Its reservoir, with a capacity of 880,000,000 m3, is also the largest artificial lake in Sweden.
The artificial Akaya Lake was created by the dam.
Its reservoir is called Lookout Point Lake.
It is owned by Companhia Portuguesa de Produção de Electricidade.
Foster Dam is an embankment type rock-fill dam across the South Santiam River near Sweet Home, Oregon, United States.
Located at Nanhua District, Tainan, the dam was built to provide municipal water to Tainan and Kaohsiung City and is operated by the Taiwan Water Corporation.
The Agi River flows through the damn.
Morgantown has a single lock chamber located on the left-descending river bank.
It is a key part of the Ventura River Project.
Under contract from Turkey's State Hydraulic Works, Ozerka Insaat began construction on the dam in 2008 and a completion date has not been announced.
7 is a lock and dam located on the Upper Mississippi River at river mile 702.5 near the cities of La Crescent, Minnesota and Onalaska, Wisconsin.
Its construction will improve the regulation of water flow and subsequently power generation downstream at the El Cajón and Aguamilpa Dams.
The dam forms Lake Jocassee, which is fed by the Toxaway, Thompson, Horsepasture and Whitewater rivers, and serves primarily for hydroelectric power generation and flood control.
The technical point of contact is the United States District Court Water Master's Office in Reno.
The reservoir is employed in raising Salmonidae and silverside, allowing for sport fishing.
It was constructed between 1962 and 1967.
It was constructed between 1986 and 1996.
Kuguno Dam is a dam in Takayama, Gifu Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1962.
The principal purpose of the dam and its reservoir is to supply potable water for Greater Metropolitan Melbourne.
The Parambikulam Dam is located to the south.
The Izarigawa Dam is a dam in Eniwa, Hokkaido, Japan.
Behind scheduled, the dam began to impound its reservoir on 16 November 2015.
The dam was completed in 1988 with the primary purpose of supplying water for the irrigation of up to 4,000 ha of crops.
In recent years, there has been debate over whether or not to raise the dam in order to allow for increased water storage and power generation.
Kolyma Hydroelectric Station is located on the Kolyma River in the village of Sinegorye, Yagodninsky District, Magadan Oblast Russia.
Shinaki Dam is a dam in the Gunma Prefecture of Japan.
The arch dam was built with the primary purpose to produce hydroelectricity.
Hasan Uğurlu was an engineer, who died together with his wife following an accident while working at this dam's project.
Over 3,700 vessels pass through Wilson Dam's locks each year.
The dam impounds the Snake River in Hells Canyon Reservoir; its spillway elevation is 512 m above sea level.
Ambadi Dam, is an earthfill dam on Sivana river near Kannad, Aurangabad district in state of Maharashtra in India.
In 2009, the Provincial Business Office decided to temporarily stop the dam's production of electricity, due to low water and production levels.
Rietspruit Dam is a dam near Ventersdorp in North West province, South Africa.
A seismograph is placed inside the dam by the University of Western Ontario’s geology department.
Denis worked for the Water Authority and moved to the property after several years in Porch Cottages, White Coppice.
The reservoir created by the dam has a maximum storage capacity of 5,700,000,000 m3 and a surface area of 900 km2.
Blyderivierpoort Dam is an gravity-arch dam on the Blyde River, in the lower Blyde River Canyon, near Hoedspruit in Mpumalanga, South Africa.
It was launched in commercial operation 1983.
The complex has an installed capacity of 531 MW and is owned by Enel.
The first was commissioned in October 2008, the second in February 2009.
The dam, associated structures, and machinery make up the Wells Hydroelectric Project.
Water released from the station is returned to the Tana at the Kindaruma Reservoir via a 4.7 km long tailrace tunnel.
The lake is part of the 173-acre Briar Creek Lake Park.
Iwakura Dam is a dam in Urugi, Nagano Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1936.
The powerhouse contains six generators, bringing Hauser dam's generating capacity to 17 MW.
The dam's power station has a 720 megawatts capacity of which 360 megawatts is pumped storage.
Chingaza Dam is a large dam in Colombia which supplies water to the capital city of Bogotá.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Sendaigawa Dam is a dam in Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1964.
The dam is used for irrigation and also supports a bird sanctuary.
The first stage lasted until June 2002, while the second one - 2017.
The dam has also been under intense local and international opposition to its tentative negative environmental impacts and forced relocations.
Funding is being provided by the World Bank, the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Deutsche Bank and Aga Khan Development Network.
Four dams were constructed under this treaty: three in British Columbia, Canada and one in Washington state in the United States.
The lock was a single lift chamber 210 feet long and 40 feet wide, located on the west side of the river.
It is currently being rehabilitated and only three of the four generators are operational.
Along the south bank there runs a rough dirt track from Sarnitsa to Dospat but this is only used to access the holiday spots.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power production and it supports a 300 MW power station.
In 2014 work started to retrofit the dam to provide hydro-electric power.
The dam was built by the Mysore Maharajas pre-independence across the river Vedavathi.
It is 939 miles downstream of Pittsburgh and 23 miles upstream from the confluence of the Mississippi with the Ohio.
Bangala Dam lies in south-eastern Zimbabwe, south of Masvingo.
Dhaner Dam, is a gravity dam on Tapti river near Nandgaon, Nashik district in state of Maharashtra in India.
The left side of the dam is a large powerhouse topped by a concrete gravity structure.
Cedar Bluff State Park is located on its shore.
The Florentino Ameghino Dam is a gravity dam in Chubut Province, Patagonia, Argentina, 140 kilometres west of the city of Trelew.
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers built the dam in Lower Santa Ana River Canyon.
The reservoir also generates hydroelectric power and supplies water to urban areas.
It is located about 64 km north of the Three Gorges Dam.
Montgomery locks averages about 300 commercial lock throughs every month and 150 lock throughs a month on the recreational auxiliary lock.
The dam and lumber mill were added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 21, 1978.
The spillway on the dam can also discharge up to 8,386 m3/s of water.
Lake Yahola is a reservoir in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
The 334 ft structure was built by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation.
The inhabitants ate barley, wheat, chickpeas, lentils and grapes.
It mainly functions as an irrigation dam, serving a command area of 11,525 hectares in Thalassery and Thaliparambra taluks of the Kannur District.
The Kargı Dam is a rock-fill embankment dam on the Sakarya River in Eskişehir Province, Turkey.
It is in fact an electric rack railway.
The area behind the dam will also be restored into a park once complete.
The dam's reservoir holds 50 million cubic meters of water.
Built in 1982/1983, work on the dam was abandoned by subsequent military governments.
That year, the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation and a consortium of three companies called MWAK began construction.
Construction on the Diama Dam began on 15 September 1981 and was completed on 12 August 1986.
Minami-Kawachi bridge on the reservoir was classified as Japanese Important Cultural Property in 2006.
The length of the Harangi from its origin to the confluence with the Kaveri river is 50 km.
The impounded reservoir is called the Tooma Reservoir.
Initially known as La Grande-2, it was renamed after Robert Bourassa who, as Premier of Quebec gave the James Bay Project a vital political impetus.
Its power station was commissioned on 27 April 2002.
The Shimenkan Dam is an arch dam on the Lixian River, straddling the border between Ning'er and Mojiang County in Yunnan Province, China.
The Banieya Dam is an embankment dam on the Samou River in the Kindia Region of Guinea.
At 37 feet high, and 140 feet long at its crest, the dam is privately owned by the local Conejo Open Space Conservation Agency.
Kallanai is an ancient dam, which is built across the Kaveri river in Trichy District in the state of Tamil Nadu in South India.
It is 410 m long and 24 m high.
They are driven by vertical axis Kaplan turbines.
The plant has two units with Turgo turbine.
The lake supports recreational fishing for brown trout and rainbow trout, camping, boating, and white-water rafting in Bear Trap Canyon downstream of the dam.
As it stands, the dam has no reservoir, and is merely preventive.
The dam plays an important part in the French supernatural drama television series The Returned.
The impounded reservoir is called Lake Windamere.
The Wipper Dam also generates electricity using hydropower.
Mehmetli Dam is a dam in Turkey.
It was built in 1909 during the American colonial era to provide the water needs for Manila.
The dam is 310 m long, 117 m high and composed of roller-compacted concrete.
Total fall height is around 107 m.
The lake is part of the heritage area of the Lower Harz Pond and Ditch System.
The gross power revenues of the dam are approximately US$36 million annually.
Salmon Falls Dam is a dam constructed across Salmon Falls Creek in Twin Falls County, Idaho in the United States.
Additionally 70% to 80% of electricity created by the dam is exported to Thailand.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Rogun Dam is an embankment dam under construction on the Vakhsh River in southern Tajikistan.
The Fairbairn Dam is an earthfill-filled embankment dam across the Nogoa River, located southwest of Emerald in Central Queensland, Australia.
It is used primarily to supply raw water to Lagos and Abeokuta, but has potential for use in irrigation and power generation.
Preliminary surveys of the site were conducted in 1945.
The dam's power station is located about 4.4 km to the southeast near Jablanica and discharges back into the Neretva River.
3 Reservoir, which stretches 11 miles upriver to the Tennessee-Georgia state line.
The power is produced by two power stations, both located just downstream.
Construction of both dams began in the 1959 and was completed in 1967.
It is designated as a cultural property and is located 500 m south of Shuri Castle.
It supplies irrigation water to the Kouga and Gamtoos valleys as well as drinking water to the Port Elizabeth metropolitan area via the Loerie Balancing Dam.
It was established in 1971 and its main purpose is for irrigation.
Ouchi Dam is a dam in Fukushima Prefecture, Japan.
The dams primary purpose is to serve for municipal and industrial use and its hazard potential has been ranked high.
The dam has a 23 MW power station and provides water for the irrigation of 22,276 hectares
It is the second largest man-made reservoir by maximum water capacity in the United States behind Lake Mead, storing 24,322,069 acre feet of water when full.
It was constructed and placed in operation November 1937.
A dike further extends the dam to the north.
In 2002, the City Hall of the municipality decided to open in the reservoir the first bird observatory of the city.
The Koteshwar Dam is a gravity dam on the Bhagirathi River, located 22 km downstream of the Tehri Dam in Tehri District, Uttarakhand, India.
The reported purpose of the dam is water storage and it can also support a hydroelectric power station in the future.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation.
The reservoir formed by the dam is also a municipal and industrial water supply.
The lake is the terminus of the West Branch of the California Aqueduct, part of the State Water Project.
The dam also forms the second largest reservoir in Japan, next to that of the Tokuyama Dam.
The Bissorte Dam is a gravity dam in the Maurienne Valley, in Savoie, France, about 7 km east of Valmeinier.
Dam opponents brought a lawsuit under the Endangered Species Act.
The impounded reservoir is also called Brogo Dam.
Gölköy Dam is a dam in Bolu, Turkey.
Flood waters are released by a gated spillway with a capacity of 107 m3/s.
In January 2013 a project to deliver water from the dam through 39.3 km of pipes to a water treatment plant Silopi began.
Twenty additional spill gates were planned for the dam, increasing storage capacity to around 11.5 TMC.
The dam's upper pool extends about 20.8 miles upstream to Grays Landing Lock and Dam at Grays Landing, Pennsylvania.
The Qiaoqi Dam is a rock-fill embankment dam on the Baoxinghe River in Baoxing County of Sichuan Province, China.
The Aras Dam is an embankment dam on the Aras River along the border of Iran and Azerbaijan.
The lake has 26 miles of shoreline.
Project construction cost was 560 Seers(504 kg) of Gold.
The power station comprises four 25 MW turbines, totalling the installed capacity to 100 MW.
As a member of the upstream Tonegawa River dam cluster, it supplies water to Tokyo and the Japanese capital region.
The dam was constructed by a French firm in 1956.
The construction of the dam flooded part of the Volta River Basin, and led to the subsequent creation of Lake Volta.
In 1908, the old Thotapalli regulator was constructed across the Nagavali River with a 64,000 acres irrigation potential.
Glenbawn Dam was created through enabling legislation enacted through the passage of the Glenbawn Dam Act, 1946.
The settlement of the dam and its gallery, below the body, had unexpected differences as well.
A boat marina and beach are located within the dam boundaries.
The dam is 50 m high, and was built primarily for flood control and water supply maintenance.
The power plant is the sixth largest in Brazil and has the largest installed capacity of Eletrobrás Furnas' power plants.
The Lopausee is a man-made lake east of the village of Amelinghausen in the Lüneburg Heath in North Germany.
24 is a lock and dam located near Clarksville, Missouri around river mile 273.4 on the Upper Mississippi River.
The dam impounded a small reservoir that is no longer used and is mostly filled with silt.
There are wishes from local people to build a road to Finland, so that tourists can pass through the valley.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Delhi Dam, also known as Hartwick Dam, was an embankment dam on the Maquoketa River 2.5 km southwest of Delhi, Iowa that created Lake Delhi.
TVA made various improvements, and at its height, the dam was capable of producing 10,640 kilowatts of electricity.
Ohakuri is a dam and hydroelectric power station on the Waikato River, central North Island, New Zealand, midway between Taupo, Rotorua and Hamilton.
Construction started in 1956 and the power station was commissioned in 1959 with an initial nameplate capacity of 655 megawatts.
The Yanqu Dam is a concrete-face rock-fill dam currently under construction on the Yellow River in Xinghai County, Qinghai Province, China.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Construction on the rockfill dam began in November 1979 and was completed in 1994.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The power plant has an installed electric capacity of 400 MW and producing around 1.76 TWh of electricity per year.
In 1933 the dam was cleaned out and the wall upgraded to increase its volume from 4 to 37 million imperial gallons.
Water from the Milk River is used for irrigation in north central Montana.
The power plant portion of the dam is 332.5 m long and the tidal basin measures 22.5 km2.
The dam is used for power production.
The place has scenic beauty and has been developed as a recreational spot.
The dam has an associated 23.4 MW hydroelectric power station which was commissioned in two stages, December 1939 and March 1967.
The main purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power production and navigation.
Water from the Kouhrang is stored in a circular dam before being sent to the power station.
Douglas Weir is a dam on the Vaal River, near Douglas, Northern Cape, South Africa.
The reservoir impounded by the dam is Lake Sakakawea, which extends to Williston and the confluence with the Yellowstone River, near the Montana border.
It can reach full-capacity within 5 minutes from a standing start.
Kulaksızlar Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The link allows water from the Palmiet River to be transferred to the dam.
The Shimokotori Dam is a rock-fill dam on the Shimokotori River about 15 km west of Hida in Gifu Prefecture, Japan.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The dam was constructed in 1941 for the primary purpose of trapping sediment derived from anticipated hydraulic mining operations in the Yuba River watershed.
The purpose of the dam, the tallest in Okinawa, is water supply and flood control.
Dry Falls Dam is a rockfaced earthfill type dam in the U.S. state of Washington.
2, was an earthen embankment dam that failed during the Johnstown Flood of 1977.
It was built to produce electricity for the surrounding area.
It is located in Gaziantep Province, Turkey.
Jamkhed Dam, is an earthfill dam on local river near Mukhed, Nanded district in state of Maharashtra in India.
Roads adjacent to the reservoir include Calaveras Road and Marsh Road.
Mosul Dam, formerly known as Saddam Dam, is the largest dam in Iraq.
Blanchard Dam is also one of a very few known places on earth where Staurolite is found.
The Jibiya Dam is in Jibiya local government area of Katsina State in the north of Nigeria.
It is located near Port Mayaca at latitude 26° 59" 5', longitude -80° 37" 5'.
Approximately one mile downstream of the dam lies the smaller Bedford Hydropower Project owned and operated by the Town of Bedford, Virginia.
During flood conditions operational control is turned over to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers according to a 1989 memorandum of understanding.
Makio Dam is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1961.
Hatnur Dam, is an earthfill dam on Tapti river near Bhusawal, Jalgaon district in state of Maharashtra in India.
Oguchi Dam is a dam in the Ishikawa Prefecture of Japan, completed in 1938.
Construction on the dam began in 1983 and it was completed in 1987.
Its reservoir also supplies water for municipal and industrial uses.
Hiwassee Dam is named after the Hiwassee River.
Initial site work began in 1935 with construction on the actual dam starting in 1936.
The dam began to impound its reservoir in December 2015.
The Nanairo Dam is a concrete gravity-arch dam located in Kumano, Mie Prefecture, Japan.
The majority of finances was provided by Panda Energy International.
This new construction was 5 m higher, which allowed the reservoir to have a volume twice as large as before.
The second unit should be operational by the end of 2012.
It is in the San Gabriel Mountains, northeast of Mount Wilson, and within the Angeles National Forest.
The impounded reservoir is called Lake Samsonvale.
It is situated just east of the village Stratos, and 9 km northwest of Agrinio.
21 Historic District, #04000181 covering 1,075 acres, 1 building, 4 structures, 4 objects.
In the 2000s, the dam was redesigned, but faced renewed controversy and controversial impact assessments were carried out.
The dam's purpose is to provide water storage for Delta power stations at Wallerawang and Mount Piper.
The Fengtan Dam is an arch-gravity dam on the You River, located 48 km southeast of Zhangjiajie in Hunan Province, China.
The bulb turbines have been installed for the first time in Pakistan.
The dam supplies domestic water to Polokwane and Tzaneen, and irrigation water to the Letaba valley.
The main purposes of the dam are for potable water supply of the Sunshine Coast region and for recreation.
The Koudiat Acerdoune Dam is a gravity dam located 9.5 km southwest of Kadiria on the Isser River in Bouïra Province, Algeria.
The Itupararanga Dam is a dam, located on the Sorocaba River in the Sorocaba region of São Paulo state.
It is 69.3 metres tall and creates a reservoir with a 7,940,000-cubic-metre storage capacity.
The power station had a breakdown in 2002 but was repaired shortly afterwards.
Wushantou Reservoir, sometimes spelled Wushanto or Wusanto, is a reservoir and scenic area located in Lioujia District and Guantian District of Tainan, Taiwan.
It has several purpose to include water supply, flood control and groundwater recharge.
The Project is located in Nizamabad district, 3 km away from National Highway 44.
The reservoir is surrounded by Guernsey State Park.
The Canning Dam was Perth's primary water supply up until the 1960s when other sources of fresh water were tapped.
Lake Ancascocha is a lake in Peru located in the Ayacucho Region, Lucanas Province, Chaviña District, and in the Parinacochas Province, Coracora District.
The creation of the lake shrank the upper Conejohela Flats in size.
It is built by Devoll Hydropower, an Albanian company owned by Norwegian power company Statkraft.
Dolwahal Dam, also called Weir Dam is an earthfill dam on Kundlika river near Roha, Raigad district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The dam lies parallel to the road embankent of the B209 federal road that runs past the lake.
The dam allowed water to be stored in the impound during the winter for release during lower flow seasons.
The construction of the dam started in August 1994 and it was complete in 2000.
At an annual output of approximately 500 GWh, it supplies 0.12% of the power demand of France.
The purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and flood control.
About 189,000,000 m3 can be transferred annually for the irrigation of 310 km2.
The dam serves for irrigation, drinking water and hydroelectric power generation.
Turbines for the plant were produced by the Kharkiv Factory "Turboatom", generators - Kharkiv Factory "Elektrovazhmash".
It was constructed between 1969 and 1971.
The Cirata Dam is an embankment dam on the Citarum River in West Java, Indonesia.
At full capacity, the plant utilizes a water flow of 235 m3/s.
One group wanted to irrigate the ancient Grand Coulee with a gravity canal while the other pursued a high dam and pumping scheme.
The power station contains three 67 MW Francis turbine-generators.
The track was opened in 2003 and also leads past the power house, where a window provides a view into the turbine room.
The dam, built as a joint venture between Madhya Pradesh irrigation and National Hydroelectric Power Corporation.
These excavations were expected to be carried out between 2010 and 2012.
Mthatha Dam is an earth-fill type dam located on the Mthatha River, near Mthatha, Eastern Cape, South Africa.
ayacut of this canal is wet ayacut was 25,000 acres and id ayacut was 50,000.
The dam has an associated 34 MW hydroelectric power station which was commissioned in 1978.
The installed capacity of the project is 44 MW, whereas it has a power purchase agreement with Nepal Electricity Authority for generation of 36MW maximum.
The Ecker Dam is a gravity dam in the Harz mountain range near Bad Harzburg, Germany.
It also provides drinking water to Warangal city.
Foundations are all that remain and there are currently no plans of historical preservation or restoration.
It was the focal point of a raid during the Korean War and also provides flood protection from North Korea's Imnam Dam upstream.
Water from Turkey first entered the reservoir on 17 October 2015.
The Reventazón Dam is a concrete-face rock-fill dam on the Reventazón River about 8 km southwest of Siquirres in Limón Province, Costa Rica.
The reservoir has a total volume of 1.58 cubic kilometres.
It is in Mwanga District, Kilimanjaro Region.
The surface area of the reservoir measures 3,213 hectares, and it can hold a total of 835,000,000 cubic meters.
Several concerns about the structural integrity and safety of the dam, both physically and biologically, arose in the 1990s.
The primary purpose of the dam is water supply to Isfahan which lies 88 km to the east.
The largest reservoir had a double-wall, 80 m long and 4–5 m high, in-filled with sand and ash.
The power station is situated on the Lower River Derwent catchment and is owned and operated by Hydro Tasmania.
It is one of the largest man-made lakes in the world, with a length of 450 km and holding up to 35.9 km3 of water.
This allowed Japanese American internees to work on Reclamation projects; Anderson Ranch utilized internees from the Minidoka War Relocation Center, northeast of Twin Falls.
The main structure and three generators were completed in 1969, with an additional three generators finished in 1981.
Kosaka Dam is a embankment dam on the Kosaka river in the Saku, Nagano, Japan, completed in 1972.
The sand and gravel-fill dam is 48.5 m tall.
Construction on the dam began in 1988 but work was halted in 1994.
The Reusens Dam is a 12.5 MW hydroelectric generation facility on the James River near the city of Lynchburg, Virginia.
The US$117.84 million project received funding from the World Bank, Kuwait Fund, UNDP, Overseas Economic Cooperation Fund and OPEC Fund.
It was completed in 1983 and the inlet is the Holsloot river.
It is located in Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Towards the northwest you will find Brandvlei Prison, which contains a hot spring with temperatures up to 45 °C, the hottest in South Africa.
The dam impounds the largest lake in Côte d'Ivoire, Lake Kossou.
The Oderteich is an historic reservoir about seven kilometres northeast of Sankt Andreasberg in the Upper Harz in central Germany.
Another Central Valley Project dam, Nimbus Dam, is located further down river.
Filling of the reservoir began in August and in 2006 the project was complete.
Yeldari Dam, is an earthfill dam on Purna river near Yeldari in Jintur taluka of Parbhani district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The dam irrigates around 250 acres of area.
The main purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power production and it will support a 1,500 MW power station.
The concrete section is 1,900 feet long and rises 204 feet above the riverbed at its apex.
Construction on the dam began in 1955, the first generator was operational in 1961 and the last in 1963.
It was planned as a multipurpose rockfill dam by the Hokkaido Ministry of Land, Transportation, Infrastructure Development.
The reservoir was created in the 1970s for the generation of electricity.
Since 1991 the dam has impounded the River Aar, a left-hand tributary of the Dill in the Gladenbach Uplands.
Its purposes are the supply of drinking water, flood protection, water flow regulation and hydroelectric power generation.
The Stânca-Costeşti Dam is a dam on the Prut and a checkpoint between Moldova and Romania.
The dam is not accessible to the public.
Intensely debated, if constructed the dam would have 3,600 megawatts of electricity generation capacity.
It is currently owned and operated by Milner Dam, Inc.
Lake Maraboon with an active capacity of 1,301,000 ML was formed by damming of the Nogoa River, and, in 2008, was Queensland's second largest dam.
The Hassan I Dam is an embankment dam located 19 kilometres northeast of Demnate on the Lakhdar River in Azilal Province, Morocco.
At 53.4 m tall, it is the largest gravity dam in Japan after the Taishakugawa Dam in Hiroshima Prefecture.
The reservoir is formed by a masonry dam built across the river Harangi, a tributary of the Kaveri.
The Lake of the Ozarks is a large reservoir created by impounding the Osage River in the northern part of the Ozarks in central Missouri.
Earth embankment 9,800 feet long with a grouted overflow spillway 1,350 feet long.
The dam and power stations construction contract was signed on 16 October 2010 with Farab Sepasad Company.
It is fed by eight tributary creeks: Little Tomahawk Creek, Tomahawk Creek, Swift Creek, Otterdale Creek, Deep Creek, West Branch, Dry Creek, and Fuqua Creek.
All but the last 8 kilometres is tarred road and there is a short tunnel just before the dam wall.
It is located in the La Mesa Watershed Reservation, the last forest of its size in the metropolis.
Miranda Dam is a concrete buttress dam on the Douro, where the river forms the national border line between Spain and Portugal.
In February 2010 Sinohydro won the bid to construct the US$85.5 million project and construction began soon thereafter.
A canal connects Kentucky Lake to nearby Lake Barkley, created by Barkley Dam on the Cumberland River.
Fishing in the dam attracts tourists, the main species being fished for are Largemouth bass and kurper.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it supports a 120 MW power station.
The dam was built and is managed by the United States Army Corps of Engineers.
The water is released to the Sacramento through lower Clear Creek and the Spring Creek Tunnel.
The Bremer Teich owes its name to the engineer, Bremer, who built the dam.
It was established in 1978 and has been renovated in 1991.
Construction of the dam commenced in 1978, and was ceremonially completed by then-President Jayewardene in April 1985.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The reservoir that will be created behind the dam would also provide recreational facilities and promote fisheries.
Unlike many of the river's single lock structure, the Charleroi facility features two working locks; this addition took place during a 1967 rehabiliation project.
Construction on the dam began in August 1977 and it was completed in 1984.
In addition, the dam will have an associated 80 MW hydroelectric power station when complete.
Improved drainage works were completed in October 2011 and although studies are still underway, the dam was declared safe to maintain its maximum reservoir level.
The dam creates Lago Cingino which is fed by the Antigine and Troncone streams along with the waters of the Banella brook.
Ngodwana Dam is an earth-fill type dam located on the Ngodwana River, near Nelspruit, Mpumalanga, South Africa.
The dam has two power stations located at its base, Andijan 1 and Andijan 2.
The Shuikou Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Minjiang River in Fujian Province, China.
Costing A$1.1 million, the reservoir took six years to construct on the Onkaparinga River system between 1932 and 1938.
The plant has a rated power of 204 megawatts.
The Fish and Wildlife Service owns and operates the dam during normal conditions.
The World Bank classed it "A" for adequate attention to environmental and social issues.
It is expected to be completed in 2016.
It was constructed at a cost of $291 million  to supply water to Quetta.
Remarkably, the reservoir has suffered very little silting since.
It is located within the Jim Corbett National Park.
Both dams are earth-fill dams with coarse rubble on the faces to prevent erosion.
It is believed to have the potential to meet electricity needs of 50,000 families.
Water is released as quickly as possible while not exacerbating flooding conditions downstream.
The power station was commissioned in 1988.
The current dam was completed within just seven months although initial development started in 2012 was disrupted by Typhoons Bopha and Lingling.
It is speculated that even if the structure only withstood the flood for a short time some water would have been diverted to the reservoirs.
Platoro Dam is a dam in Conejos County, Colorado.
At maximum capacity, the elevation of the lake is 7,950 feet, and the dam is 309 feet high.
The primary purpose of the dam is irrigation and it supplies water to 3,582 ha.
Since then, the hydroelectric power station is the largest in Mexico.
Its 302,000 acre feet reservoir is fed by the Kech River and the Nihing River.
The rated capacity of the power station is 22 kW.
This area is now part of Patapsco Valley State Park Avalon Area.
The Rappbode Dam is the largest dam in the Harz region as well as the highest dam in Germany.
The idea for an Acheloos to Thessaly diversion project was first envisioned in the 1930s but a lack of funding precluded construction.
The hydroelectric power plant has a total installed power capacity of 189 megawatts.
However, it has greatly changed the environment and ecology of the Sacramento River, and flooded sacred Native American tribal lands.
The project has the capability of generating an average annual energy of 465 GWh.
New Hogan Dam is an embankment dam on the Calaveras River, a tributary of the San Joaquin River in central California.
The Bokaa Dam is a dam on the Metsimotlhabe River, a tributary of the Ngotwane River, in Botswana.
This causes a "bathtub" ring effect downstream of the plant's turbines.
Witbank Dam is a buttress type dam located on the Olifants River in South Africa.
Flows in the Frenchman, and associated releases from Enders Reservoir, have declined over the years.
Completed in 1954, the reservoir has a surface area of 440 acres, and the spillway sits at 7,225 feet elevation.
It was established in 1943 and has been renovated in 1968.
It was built in 1907 under the direction of William D. Fargo by the Grand Rapids - Muskegon Power Company, a predecessor of Consumers Energy.
Galeru Nagari Sujala Sravanthi Project or GNSS project is an irrigation project in Kadapa and Chitoor districts of Andhra Pradesh.
It is located about six miles south of Big Rapids.
Hellsgate Dam is a dam on the Klip River, near Uitenhage, Eastern Cape, South Africa.
The Liujiaxia Reservoir formed by the dam is the largest body of water within Gansu.
The third powerhouse, completed in 1974 to increase energy production, makes Grand Coulee the largest power station in the United States by nameplate-capacity at 6,809 MW.
The primary purpose of the dam is municipal water supply and it provides Marmaris with 22,390,000 m3 of water annually.
Together with the adjacent Robert-Bourassa generating station, it uses the reservoir and dam system of the Robert-Bourassa Reservoir to generate electricity.
Mula Dam is an earthfill and gravity dam on Mula river near Rahuri in Ahmednagar district of the state of Maharashtra in India.
The lake is spread over 65 square kilometres.
The timber-crib dam was constructed in 1906 as a replacement for a similar 1901 dam and powerhouse on the same site.
The volume of the reservoir created is 410,000,000 cubic metres, 428,000,000 cubic metres or 480,000,000 cubic metres.
It was constructed between 1952 and 1954 for the purpose of hydroelectric power generation.
Miwa Dam is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1959.
The Repulse Power Station is a conventional hydroelectric power station located in the Central Highlands region of Tasmania, Australia.
It is included on the National Register of Historic Places.
The power station is expected to be operational at the end of 2016.
It is located in the municipality Ponte da Barca, in Viana do Castelo District, Portugal.
Latyan Dam is a buttress dam on the Jajrood River, located less than 25 km from Tehran in the south of city of Lavasan.
Water from the dam is used for irrigation purposes in the region, extending up to Kekirawa.
Concrete pouring began in 2006 and the power plant began producing electricity in November 2010.
The Arimine Lake is an artificial lake that was created by construction of the dam.
Construction on the dam began in 2007 and concrete pouring in April 2008.
A partial installation license was granted on 26 January 2011 and a full license to construct the dam was issued on 1 June 2011.
Korkuteli Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The Saidenbach Dam also has a pre-dam and ten upper basins, of which four are usually filled.
At the start of February 2017, the reservoir contained 133,700 acre feet of water.
The Tukahe Dam is a gravity dam on the Lixian River, bordering the counties of Luchon and Jiangcheng in Yunnan Province, China.
However, that dam was plagued by siltation and was unable to fully serve the water requirements of the city.
Early preparations for its construction were conducted before the project was halted.
The Cingino Dam is a gravity masonry dam located 7 kilometres southwest of Antrona Schieranco, Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in Piedmont, Italy.
Under the Canal Plant Agreement operations are coordinated with Waneta Dam.
The lock complex was completed in 1929.
It is located just above the Monasavu Falls and is both the tallest and largest dam, which also withholds the largest reservoir in the country.
The dam takes its name from the town of Alqueva to its right bank.
The Mansfield Hollow reservoir is located within the Shetucket River Watershed and is part of the Thames River Basin.
Kuchisubo Dam is a dam in Mie Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1961.
Brocks Gap Dam was a never-built proposal for a water storage dam on the North Fork of the Shenandoah River at Brocks Gap in northwest Virginia.
The dam is part of the Çoruh Development Plan and it is owned by Turkey's State Hydraulic Works.
The Virgen Dam downstream on the Viejo River was destroyed but later rebuilt.
The Highlands Highway passes over the Yonki Dam embankment.
The same pump-generators that pump the water to Doyo reverse and generate electricity when it is sent back down.
Human Dam, is an earthfill and gravity dam on the Human river near Chandrapur in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The Don Pedro Dam, since 1971 also known as the Old Don Pedro Dam, was a dam across the Tuolumne River in Tuolumne County, California.
The dam was completed in 1912 for the primary purpose of hydroelectric power production.
This lake is an important source of fresh water an has a stock of trout.
Chatuge Dam is a flood control and hydroelectric dam on the Hiwassee River in Clay County, in the U.S. state of North Carolina.
The purpose of the dam is to provide water for irrigation and the generation of hydroelectric power.
The project is owned and operated by Avista.
It can be overtopped along almost its entire length.
It was established in 1922 and was renovated in 1952.
It is an earthfill dam with no power generation facilities.
It is 10 m high and 96 m long.
It is just over 6 miles southeast of Chula Vista and 4 miles north of the United States-Mexico border.
The dam's primary purpose is flood control, in addition to irrigation and municipal water storage, and hydroelectric generation.
Sevan–Hrazdan Cascade is a complex of hydroelectric power plants on the Hrazdan River and its tributaries between the Lake Sevan and Yerevan in Armenia.
Dhamni Dam, is an earthfill dam on Surya River near Dhamni, Thane district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
Construction was completed in 1995 at a cost of roughly US$ 212 million.
Of that capacity, 13,000,000 cubic metres is active for power generation.
Nunobiki Dam is a dam in Kobe, in Hyōgo Prefecture of Japan.
Ayago Power Station is a proposed 600MW hydroelectric power project to be constructed in Uganda.
Fukuzato Dam is an underground dam constructed in Miyakojima, Okinawa Prefecture.
The proposed damsite was chosen at Calamity Point, a narrow place in the Snake River canyon with 1,000 feet walls.
The purpose of the dam is flood control and water supply.
Pangani Falls Dam is a dam in Tanzania, which is part of the Pangani Hydro Systems.
110 crore to the Dantiwada Dam oriented group water supply project benefiting 123 villages of 3 talukas.
Bodalkasa Dam, is an earthfill dam on Bhagdeogoti river near Tiroda, Gondia district in State of Maharashtra in India.
The purpose of the dam is flood control, water supply and hydroelectric power generation.
The Gongguoqiao Dam is a gravity dam on the Lancang River in Yunlong County of Yunnan Province, China.
It was constructed between 1934 and 1939.
Water is also used for numerous small towns including Vryburg, Hartswater, Jan Kempdorp, Warrenton, Winsorton, Kipdam, Barkly West and Delportshoop.
The dam has a structural height of 63 m and a crest length of 250 m.
Efforts to replace the water supply pipelines and prepare the reservoir for the public will be underway until 2015-2017.
Lake Mutirikwi, formerly known as Lake Kyle, lies in south eastern Zimbabwe, south east of Masvingo.
The Ermenek Dam is a double-curvature concrete arch dam located on the Göksu River in Karaman Province, Turkey.
The concrete spillway portion contains three gates and forms the John C. Boyle Reservoir.
Conservation groups abhorred the threatened flooding of the Yukon Flats, a large area of wetlands that provides a critical breeding ground for millions of waterfowl.
SR contract to build the dam was awarded to Yuksel Insaat Saudia Co Ltd., a subsidiary of the Turkish company Yüksel Holding AŞ.
The power station is operated by Kenya Electricity Generating Company.
The KPCL eventually completed the project at an even lower cost of Rs.
The Wippra Dam or Wipper Dam is a dam on the river Wipper in the Harz mountains.
Smir Dam is an earth-filled embankment dam in northern Morocco, to the southeast of Nakhla Dam and 5 km west of M'diq.
Water released by the dam is regulated by the Foster Dam 7 miles down the river.
The dam was depicted on the reverse of the Turkish one-million-lira banknotes of 1995–2005 and of the 1 new lira banknote of 2005–2009.
The Hebgen Dam is a concrete-core earthen embankment dam on the Madison River in the U.S. state of Montana.
The river behind the dam drains an area of 263,480 mi².
It has a hydro power capacity of 4.4 MW.
The company is invested by State Development and Investment Company and Sichuan Chuantou Energy Limited.
In 1999 the Yurajcocha dam was built at the northern end of the lake at 12°31′56.8″S 75°29′46.49″W.
Given the small catchment area of Grassy Creek, inflow is augmented by a 0.7-mile ditch that moves water from Cascade Creek into the reservoir.
Pouring of roller-compacted concrete began in 2006 and the dam was complete in 2008.
The non-submersible sections are separated from the submersible section with two 120-foot transitional dikes.
The Kuzgun Dam is an embankment dam on the Serçeme River in Erzurum Province, Turkey.
Great Zimbabwe national monument lies close by.
The Jawa Dam is the remains of an ancient masonry gravity dam on Wadi Rajil at Jawa in Mafraq Governorate, Jordan, 58 kilometres north of Azraq.
The power station is situated on the Lower River Derwent catchment and is owned and operated by Hydro Tasmania.
The dam was located near Mount Carmel, Illinois.
The dam and reservoir are also called the Mehingrowal watershed and is situated about 20 km from Hoshiarpur town.
The Bureya Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Bureya River in the Russian Far East.
It has two floodgates capable of releasing 800 m3/s.
Wadaj Dam, is an earthfill and gravity dam on Meena river near Junnar, Pune district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
During the Korean War, the dam was bombed by the United Nations Command three separate times in order to disrupt power generation for the North Koreans.
The dam is also equipped with a fish ladder.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
It supports a 347.4 megawatts hydroelectric power station.
The main purposes of the dam are for potable water supply of the Moreton Bay region and for recreation.
Wheeler Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Tennessee River between Lauderdale County and Lawrence County in the U.S. state of Alabama.
Construction of the dam began in 2006 and was ceremonially completed in 2014, with the presence of former President Mahinda Rajapaksa.
The Government of Canada aided in the building of the dam with long term loans and grants.
The Don Pedro Dam, since 1971 also known as the Old Don Pedro Dam, was a dam across the Tuolumne River in Tuolumne County, California.
It was constructed between 1980 and 1999 for hydroelectric power production, flood control and navigation.
The dam was completed and began filling its reservoir on 22 September 2001.
The power station was commissioned on 20 December 1920 and the reservoir flooded five homes and 22 farms.
The next year concrete placement began and in 2011 the first generator was commissioned.
Futai Dam is a dam in Yuzawa, Niigata Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1978.
The Edersee Dam is a hydroelectric dam spanning the Eder river in northern Hesse, Germany.
The Wadagawa Dam is a gravity dam on the Wadagawa River in Tonami, Toyama Prefecture, Japan.
Tulshi dam, is an earthfill and gravity dam on Tulshi river in Mumbai near Mulund in the state of Maharashtra in India.
Tismana Hydro Power Plant is a large power plant on the Motru River situated in Romania.
It is northeast of Locust Grove and southeast of Salina, Oklahoma.
It will be built by the firm Electroingeniería, led by Osvaldo Acosta and Gerardo Ferreyra.
Traffic is no longer allowed on the road across the dam, except for service vehicles.
When the water level drops, one can see traces of the streets and walls, as well as a stone wall with an arch.
Bayburt Dam is a dam in Kars Province, Turkey, built between 1995 and 2003.
Terna Dam, is an earthfill dam on Terna river near Osmanabad in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The dam will be created by using about 440,000 metric tonnes of explosives to blast the canyon walls, causing landslides that will block the Naryn River.
It is located in the municipality Penacova, in Coimbra District, Portugal.
Although initially projected to provide irrigation water for agriculture, the irrigation component was downgraded after difficulties with efficient irrigation in Wyoming's high semi-desert became apparent.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power production and it supplies a 1,500 megawatts underground power station with water.
Nishidaira Dam is a dam in Ibigawa, in the Gifu Prefecture of Japan, completed in 1939.
The dam lies about 5 miles east of Porterville and impounds Lake Success, which has a capacity of 82,300 acre feet.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
A 5.9 km long headrace tunnel connects the reservoir to the power station which contains three 48 MW Francis turbine-generators.
It was officially opened in 1966 by King Bhumibol and Queen Sirikit.
The Calumet River is a tributary to the Chicago Sanitary and Ship Canal.
The large village of Tonota lies just south of the dam.
Its dimensions make it the largest contemporary hydropower project in Africa.
This dam has one of the largest generator capacity in Iran which help the electric power shortage during the peak usage at the summer time.
At the base of the dam wall is a small village with a number of onsen hotels.
Limestone Generating Station is a run-of-the-river hydroelectric dam on the Nelson River approximately 750 kilometres north of Winnipeg near Gillam, Manitoba.
The Liujiaxia Dam is a major hydroelectric dam on the upper Yellow River, in Linxia Hui Autonomous Prefecture of China's Gansu Province.
Sandile Dam is a zoned embankment dam located on the Keiskamma River near Keiskammahoek, Eastern Cape, South Africa.
Later it was shifted to the present site at Deolond.
The reservoir formed by the dam, Holter Lake is 25 miles long and has a storage capacity of 243,000 acre feet of water when full.
The complex is located about 74 km southeast of Urgench in Xorazm Region, Uzbekistan and about 2 km north of Gazojak in Lebap Region, Turkmenistan.
The Fürstenteich is a reservoir near Silberhütte in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt.
Although it is located inside the Angeles National Forest, public access to the lake is forbidden.
Tsuga Dam is a dam in Kōchi Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1944.
The impounded reservoir is called Gosling Creek Reservoir and is now used for recreation purposes.
When initially constructed between 1899 and 1902, nothing of its scale had ever been attempted; on completion, it was the largest masonry dam in the world.
It is situated at a height of approximately 4,653 metres, about 3.16 km long and 1.74 km at its widest point.
The Aathupalayam Dam is situated in Karvazhi village of K.Paramathi taluk in Karur district.
Plagued by chronic leakage problems at the dam, the reservoir was hurriedly emptied in 1965 and 1986 amid concerns about dam failure.
Mengkuang Dam will be closed to the public from August 1, 2011 until July 31, 2016 for enlargement and renovation.
Mirani Dam was completed in July 2006 and began impounding the Dasht River in August 2006.
The collocated National Great Rivers Museum, at 1 Lock and Dam Way, East Alton, Illinois, explains the structure and its engineering.
Kundlika Dam, is an earthfill dam on Kundlika river near Majalgaon in state of Maharashtra in India.
The Menihek Hydroelectric Generating Station is a conventional hydroelectric generating station at Menihek Lake in Labrador.
Walwan Dam, is a gravity dam on the Indrayani river near Lonavla, Pune district in State of Maharashtra in India.
The Hongshi Dam is a gravity dam on the Second Songhua River located 30 km east of Huadian in Jilin Province, China.
The dam was constructed by Sinohydro of Beijing, China between 2002 and 2005 with the primary purpose of hydroelectric power production.
Aslantaş Dam is situated 80 km northeast of Adana.
It supplies water to four hydroelectric generators, each with generating capacity of 600 MW.
It is the largest lake in West Virginia, with 2,700 acres of water and over 60 miles of shoreline at the summer pool water level.
The project was a good example of cooperation between the two countries.
20 Historic District, #04000180 covering 839 acres, 1 building, 6 structures, 3 objects.
The dam was originally a work from the Shu-Han nearly 2000 years ago.
Its height is 17 metres, while its length is 207 metres.
The dam now impounds the South Holston Lake of 7,550 acres, which extends northeastward across the Tennessee-Virginia state line.
The dam's primary purpose is hydroelectric power generation.
The dam is 135 ft. tall and 1,950 ft. long and has an uncontrolled spillway on its western portion.
The curved design of the dam is optimum for the narrow gorge in which it was built to retain water in the reservoir.
The Government has decided to construct new hydroelectric dams to guarantee national energy security.
An integrated power generating plant, SaskPower's Coteau Creek Hydroelectric Station, produces a net 186 MW of electricity from three 62 MW generators.
Never completed, the dam was under construction for 10–12 years before being destroyed by a flood.
In June 2009, construction to raise the height of the dam by 117 ft, in order to more than double its reservoir size, commenced.
The dam impounds the Lake Nottely of 4,180 acres.
The dam is located near Bliss, Idaho.
The Tungatinah Power Station is a conventional hydroelectric power station located in the Central Highlands region of Tasmania, Australia.
The original dam structure is "L" shaped.
Wilbur Dam is a concrete gravity overflow dam 77 feet high and 375 feet long, and has a generating capacity of 10,700 kilowatts.
He was a former Mayor of Seguin, Texas, who became the second General Manager of the Lower Colorado River Authority, and served from 1940 through 1955.
The 16 MW power station was later connected to the grid on 28 February 1959.
The dam's drainage basin is 96 square miles of arid rolling hills in the lower basin but with headwaters in the northern Umatilla National Forest.
Molatedi Dam is an earth-fill type dam located on the Marico River, near Zeerust, North West, South Africa.
It is located 13 miles northeast of Winterhaven, CA–Yuma, AZ on Imperial County route S24.
It cost: $2 million to build—Provincial government 37.5%, Federal government 37.5%, UTRCA 25%  It is one of three dams on the Thames River.
The dam comprises an earth embankment with a side spillway.
The purpose of the dam is irrigation, flood control and hydroelectric power generation.
During winter season however, power generation from the plant decreases drastically due to low river flows.
The Émosson Dam is a hydroelectric dam development located in Switzerland in the canton of Valais.
Skyline Boulevard runs over the dam, which also forms the trailhead of the popular Sawyer Camp Trail.
Benitura Dam, is an earthfill dam on local river near Omerga, Osmanabad district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The Miel I Dam, officially known as the Patángoras Dam, is a gravity dam on La Miel River just south of Norcasia in Caldas Department, Colombia.
The first dam was designed to divert water into three depressions to the west of the site of the settlement.
Purnaneopur Dam, is an earthfill dam on Purna river near Kannad, Aurangabad district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The name of the dam and reservoir translates as "emerald lake", in reference to the pure quality of the water.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
It was established in 1992 and its primary purpose is to serve for river diversion.
Upstream from the dam, the river is impounded by Clear Creek Dam, another element of the Yakima Project.
An unusual feature of the earth dam is the core wall, which is built with a mixture of jaggery and quick lime.
The primary purpose of the dam is water supply to the city of Tetouan, 20 km to the south.
The resultant reservoir is called Lake Dyer.
Nazare Dam, also called as Malharsagar, is an earthfill dam on Karha river near Jejuri, Pune district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
Its reservoir, Davy Crockett Lake, has roughly 800 acres of water surface.
The project's cost had ballooned from $775 million to $2.9 billion.
The project will be connected to the northern grid through a 220 kV transmission line from Leh to Srinagar.
In 2007, the dam's capacity was down to 37%.
It straddles the border of Embu and Machakos Counties in Eastern Province.
The 91 ft high earthfill dam is 7 mi downstream of Trinity Dam and was built by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation.
The Uryu Dam is a dam complex in Hokkaidō, Japan on the Uryu River.
Its close proximity to Kansas City, Lawrence, and the state capitol, Topeka, make it a very popular destination, with the nickname "Paradise on the Plains".
Polat Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The main purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it will support an 800 MW power station.
New Exchequer Dam is a concrete–faced, rock-fill dam on the Merced River in central California in the United States.
LCRA begins to open floods gates when water reaches 681 feet above MSL.
Martin Dam's powerhouse contained three Francis turbines upon its original construction in 1927, with capacities of 45.8, 41 and 40.5 megawatts.
It was completed in 1960 with the primary purpose of irrigation.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
It is also the largest dam and hydroelectric power station in Hainan.
The dam is 40 metres high and retains 4 800 000 m³ of water over a 263 metre crest length.
The maximal depth of the reservoir is 120 metres.
It consists of four generators with a total generating capacity of 760 MW.
The dam will irrigate area of around 3,500 acres land, with total water storage capacity of 1252 acre-feet.
The total catchment area is 92,700 ha.
It is still the largest hydroelectric power station on the Yalu River.
The Hells Canyon Complex on the Snake River is the largest privately owned hydroelectric power complex in the nation, according to the US Energy Information Administration.
Gomai Dam, is an earthfill dam on Gomai river near Shahada, Nandurbar district in state of Maharashtra in India.
Commissioned in 1992, the Samanalawewa Project is the second-largest hydroelectric scheme in the country, producing 405 GWh of energy annually.
The Welbedacht Dam is a concrete barrage-type dam on the Caledon River which was designed and constructed by the Department of Water Affairs.
It is named after the politician and captain of the Spanish electricity industry José María de Oriol y Urquijo.
The Binga facility was constructed in 1956 for power generation and flood control.
The Dasu Dam is a gravity dam currently being constructed on the Indus River near Dasu in Kohistan District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province, Pakistan.
The dam was completed and its first generator commissioned in 1964.
The dam creates Punchiná Reservoir which is part of the 1,240 megawatts San Carlos Hydroelectric Power Plant.
Although the dam is located in Ward County, Lake Darling is almost entirely located in Renville County, to its north.
Gelingüllü Dam is a dam in Turkey.
It is contained entirely within Marion County.
The Nam Ngum Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Nam Ngum river, a major tributary of the Mekong in Laos.
and delivered widespread damage to the area.
The dam was constructed between 1981 and 1989.
Pavlovka hydroelectric station is a power station located near the village Pavlovka on the Ufa River in Bashkortostan.
The Lower Lake Margaret Power Station was built also by the Mount Lyell Mining and Railway Company in 1931 and decommissioned in 1995.
It is the first major water control project on the Yellow River and was viewed as a major achievement of the new People's Republic of China.
The lake has a surface of 762 acres and a shoreline of 19 miles.
The barrier itself is a 21 m high gravity dam.
Two independent units of 45 MW each have been set up and they function mainly during the evening peak in demand.
The dam was completed in 1930 for the primary purpose of hydroelectric power generation.
Yortanlı Dam is a dam in Turkey.
It is one of the three major dams which provide water to Pune city.
The road is 5.5 km long and you have to return the way you entered, making the total drive 11 km.
Iō Dam is a dam in Kanazawa, Ishikawa Prefecture, Japan, completed in 2001.
Ñawinqucha is a lake in Peru located in the Junín Region, Huancayo Province, Chongos Alto District.
The Cushaw Project consists of a 1,550-foot-long, 27-foot-high reinforced concrete dam, with a 1,500-foot-long spillway extending diagonally across the James River.
3 is a lock and dam located near Red Wing, Minnesota on the Upper Mississippi River around river mile 796.9.
The Guaicaramo Dam is a planned hydroelectric dam on the Upia River, in Casanare, Colombia.
The power station went operational in May 1973 and is owned by Kansai Electric Power Company.
Haizuka Dam is a dam in Shobara, in Hiroshima Prefecture of Japan.
The project is expected to cost US$400 million.
Dodurga Dam is a dam in Turkey.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996 as the Cooke Hydroelectric Plant.
Hingani Dam, also called Pangaon Dam is an earthfill dam on Bhogawati river near Barshi, Solapur district in state of Maharashtra in India.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The dam was constructed between 1958 and 1964 and is best known for the concrete placement techniques used during its construction.
48.145 billion and is being carried out by SMEC Holdings and Sinohydro.
In addition it is a bathing lake and also supports fish farming.
It has a capacity of 13,000 cubic metres, and a surface area of 3.933 square kilometres, the wall is 22 metres high.
The auxiliary spillway is uncontrolled and has a discharge capacity of 2,467 m3/s.
Iranian workers played a large role in the construction as well.
The power station has an installed capacity of 85 MW and the dam facility is owned and operated by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
Although the watershed is small in comparison to that of the Sacramento River, the stream is among the most polluted and acidic in the world.
In 1901 another reservoir at Mount Misery, Heckenberg was constructed between this dam and Liverpool.
The reservoir when completed will irrigate a command area of 12,500 Acres and will have hydro-power capacity of 300 KW.
The dam is about 28 kilometres upstream of the river's confluence with the Paraná River.
The normal operating elevation of the full reservoir is 3,055 feet above sea level, the empty reservoir's elevation is 2,824 feet.
The last generator was commissioned on 6 April 2004 and the project was completed by that December.
Loveland Dam is a dam across the Sweetwater River in San Diego County, California.
Kızılcahamam-Aşağıkaraören Reservoir is an artificial lake constructed in 1978 for irrigation purposes at Aşağı Karaören village of Kızılcahamam district in Ankara Province, Turkey.
At each end it incorporates irrigation canals.
On either side of power station at the dam's base, there are two gate-controlled chute spillways.
The plant's total output between 1981 and 2006 was 6600.96 GWh, which amounts to an average annual electricity generation of 264 GWh.
Construction on the dam began in 1971 and it was completed in 1977.
The Pomona Freeway passes through the reservoir flood control basin and the San Gabriel River Freeway passes along the eastern boundary of the basin.
Later, 45,000 carp were introduced into the reservoir as well.
Demirtaş Dam is a dam in Turkey.
It is located in the municipality Sertã, in Castelo Branco District, Portugal.
While Ayvacık Dam was renamed after her husband's name Hasan Uğurlu, this dam was renamed in her memory.
The reservoir has a maximum capacity of 1,650,000 m³ and has a catchment area of 15 km².
The new dam increased the storage capacity of Strawberry Reservoir from 283,000 acre feet to more than 1,120,000 acre feet.
Gökçeada Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The impounded water behind the dam forms Alder Lake, stretching about 7 miles upstream with a capacity of 241,950 acre feet.
The dam has many purposes to include flood control, municipal water supply, irrigation and groundwater recharge.
It is notable for a large leak on its right bank.
In 1993 it was privatized, with an exploitation concession granted to Hidroeléctrica El Chocón S. A.
Seneca Dam was the last in a series of dams proposed on the Potomac River in the area of the Great Falls of the Potomac.
Ikusaka Dam is a dam in the village of Ikusaka, Nagano Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1964.
Another period of impounding began on 3 November 2014 and finished on 3 January 2015.
The reservoir it creates, Platoro Reservoir, has a normal water surface of 1.5 square miles, and a maximum capacity of 53,506 acre feet.
Due to its enormous potential for environmental destruction and the dwindling flows of the Colorado River, the project stalled in 1968 after years of public opposition.
It is the first major roller compacted concrete dam in Turkey.
The Itaipu Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Paraná River located on the border between Brazil and Paraguay.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it supports a 570 MW power station.
The principal purpose of the dam is for potable water supply for Sydney's southern suburbs and the northern suburbs of the Illawarra region.
It is a popular destination for fishermen.
The Kambar-Ati-1 Hydro Power Plant at the base of the dam will have a capacity of around 2,000 megawatts.
Watauga Power completed the dam in just two years, and found a ready market for the dam's electricity at nearby Elizabethton.
The project was completed with Canadian aid.
Standing 538 ft high, Trinity Dam forms Trinity Lake – California's third largest reservoir, with a capacity of more than 2,400,000 acre feet.
It is also called Veer Baaji Pasalkar Dam.
