The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bhopal) is an archdiocese located in the city of Bhopal in India.
The central church was made a collegiate church in 1423 and named the cathedral in 1577.
Its patron saint is Bartholomew the Apostle, in whose honor the Cathedral is named.
The Archdiocese of Daegu is a particular church of the Latin Rite of the Catholic Church.
Maronite Catholic Eparchy of San Charbel in Buenos Aires is an eparchy in the Maronite Catholic Church sui iuris covering Argentina.
The diocese currently has 87 active priests, 59 retired priests, 115 permanent deacons, 6 religious brothers, 139 religious sisters of Catholic religious order and 25 seminarians.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Sydney is a Latin Church metropolitan archdiocese, located in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Camp Chanco, the diocesan retreat center, is located in Surry.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of San Miguel is a suffragan diocese of the Buenos Aires.
It was established on 11 November 1970, with its territory being split off from the diocese of Freetown and Bo.
It is one of six suffragan dioceses in the ecclesiastical province of Dublin and is subject to the Archdiocese of Dublin.
The diocese was founded on March 10, 1951.
The Italian Catholic Diocese of San Severo is in Apulia.
The Diocese of Tursi-Lagonegro is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in Basilicata, southern Italy.
It uses the Byzantine Rite in Ukrainian language.
The present diocese is a suffragan of the archdiocese of Bari-Bitonto.
Bernard Blasius Moras was appointed Archbishop of Bangalore by Pope John Paul II on July 22, 2004.
The Diocese of Worcester forms part of the Church of England Province of Canterbury in England.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the Marian Cathedral of St. Mary of the Assumption, in Kilkenny.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Caroní is a missionary circonscription of the Roman Catholic Church.
The diocese also includes large Catholic parishes at Kaduha and Cyanika.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jales is a diocese located in the city of Jales in the Ecclesiastical province of Ribeirão Preto in Brazil.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Makassar) is an archdiocese located in the city of Makassar in South Sulawesi in Indonesia.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tingzhou/Changting, Chinese: 汀州/長汀) is a diocese co-extensive with the Chinese imperial prefecture Tingzhou fu.
Sotero Phamo, appointed in 1988 is the first and only bishop of the diocese.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint-Dié is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
The diocese is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Ravenna-Cervia.
The Vicariate Apostolic of Leticia in the Catholic Church is located in the city of Leticia, Amazonas in Colombia.
Its cathedral archiepiscopal see is the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception, in Cotabato City, Maguindanao, Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao
The area had previously been home to Britonia, a settlement founded by expatriate Britons in the wake of the Anglo-Saxon invasion of Britain.
The archbishop is ordinary for Eastern Catholics in France.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Southern Arabia is a Roman Catholic apostolic vicariate located in the United Arab Emirates.
The Right Reverend Charles G. vonRosenberg was installed as the new bishop provisional of the diocese in January 2013.
The Archdiocese serves more than 230,010 Catholics in 152 parishes and missions.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Zhengding/Chengting, Chinese: 正定) is a diocese located in the city of Zhengding in the Ecclesiastical province of Beijing in China.
The diocese' first bishop is William H. Ilgenfritz and their suffragan bishop is Richard W. Lipka.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Solsona) is a diocese located in the city of Solsona in the Ecclesiastical province of Tarragona in Spain.
As an apostolic vicariate, it is a pre-diocesan jurisdiction, entitled to a titular bishop.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Versailles is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church, in France.
After Lithuania's second independence in 1991, the territorial prelature was disestablished, and became part of Telšiai diocese.
Its ordinary is also appointed permanent Apostolic Visitator for the Syro-Malabar Catholics in New Zealand, where they have no proper jurisdiction.
It is the only diocese in Somalia.
The Serbian Orthodox Eparchy of Britain and Scandinavia or Serbian Orthodox Diocese of Britain and Scandinavia is a Serbian Orthodox Church diocese in Western Europe.
The earlier date 1089, for bishop Virgilio, is attested.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Pathein is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Burma.
His work among the Ho tribe did not yield results, so he moved towards Ranchi district in January 1875.
It was formally recognised as a metropolitan province in 1152 by the Synod of Kells.
The Diocese of Cremona is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in northern Italy, a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Milan.
The Diocese of St Andrews was founded in 906 and was raised to an archdiocese in 1465.
Stephen Lee Bun-sang is the current bishop and the third Chinese bishop.
After legal proceedings were commenced and following political pressure from a number of Christian churches and leaders, the permits were renewed on 26 September 2011.
The diocese is a branch of the Catholic Church immediately subject to the Holy See.
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida is a diocese in Florida in Province IV of the Episcopal Church.
Bazylika Wniebowzięcia NMP, in Zduńska Wola, Łódzkie.
The diocese was the first in the Anglican Communion to consecrate a woman as a bishop.
The diocese comprises the arrondissement of Le Havre in the department of Seine-Maritime, Normandy.
The diocese is a part of Province IV of the Episcopal Church.
From 1838 to 1867 the diocese of Algiers was also suffragan to the Archbishop of Aix.
The diocese was geographically isolated, consisting of mainly small, and mostly First Nations communities.
Its archiepiscopal see is the Cathedral of the Sacred Heart located in the city of Lanzhou, Gansu province.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bungoma) is a diocese located in the city of Bungoma in the Ecclesiastical province of Kisumu in Kenya.
The diocese came into being in 1983 with the administrative division of the increasingly large Episcopal Diocese of Dallas.
The current bishop is Robert William Muench.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Copiapó) is a diocese located in the city of Copiapó in the Ecclesiastical province of La Serena in Chile.
The current Metropolitan Archbishop of Panama is Archbishop Jose Domingo Ulloa Mendieta, O.S.A.
Former cathedral: Church of St. Nicholas, at Xhan, Shkodër
Its cathedral episcopal see is St. Philomena’s Cathedral in the city of Mysore in Karnataka.
The current bishop is Ivo Baldi Gaburri, appointed in Feb. 2004.
It is located in downtown Košice, just walking distance from St. Elisabeth Cathedral.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Nicopolis is a Roman Catholic diocese of the Latin Rite, which includes the whole northern part of Bulgaria.
It is in Province VI and its offices are in Minneapolis.
In November 2011 Tapio Luoma was elected as the new bishop, and succeeded Heikka in February 2012.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Shimoga) is a diocese located in the city of Shimoga in the Ecclesiastical province of Bangalore in India.
Not to be confused with Spanish Roman Catholic Diocese of Cuenca.
By December 31, 2006, the archdiocese had 51,275 Catholics, 1.61 percent of the territory's population.
The Episcopal Diocese of Eau Claire is a diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America encompassing the northwestern third of Wisconsin.
See Diocese of Derry and Raphoe for the Anglican counterpart
Florido e Amanzio Basilica, dedicated to Saints Floridus and Amantius, in Città di Castello.
Its cathedral archiepiscopal see is : Sé Patriarcal de Santa Maria Maior, in Lisbon
Since 2011, it has a honorary rank of Metropolitanate.
Trebinje-Mrkan was united with Mostar-Duvno in 1890.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Popayán is an archdiocese located in the city of Popayán in Colombia.
The See of Vicenza was suffragan of Aquileia, then of Udine, and since 1818 of Venice.
The Territorial Prelature of Itacoatiara is a Latin rite territorial prelature in the Ecclesiastical province of the Archdiocese of Manaus in Amazonas state, inland northern Brazil.
The Diocese of Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island is a diocese of the Ecclesiastical Province of Canada of the Anglican Church of Canada.
He was promoted to the See of Clermont.
The Archdiocese of Pisa is a metropolitan see of the Catholic Church in Italy.
Most Reverend Dominic Kodwo Andoh† was the first Ghanaian native to become Archbishop of Accra.
It was erected on October 16, 1798.
The total population in the diocese is 7,012,492, of which 6,425 are Catholic.
The current Archbishop of Albi is Jean Legrez, O.P.
Doherty was consecrated bishop of the diocese on July 15, 2010, and has presided over it since, becoming its sixth Ordinary.
In 1960 the diocese was divided and Bishop Cialeo moved to Faislabad as the first bishop of the newly erected diocese of Faisalabad.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Venado Tuerto is an Argentinian diocese within the Ecclesiastical Province of Rosario.
Cap., whose resignation was accepted that same day.
This diocese was erected on 29 December 1862 as the Diocese of Bolivar from territory of the Diocese of Cuenca.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jowai) is a diocese located in the city of Jowai in the Ecclesiastical province of Shillong in India.
The diocese is suffragan of the Archdiocese of Milan, having in the past been suffragan of the Archdiocese of Vercelli.
In November 2009, he was given the "ad personam" title of archbishop by Pope Benedict XVI.
It is a suffragan in the ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Tuguegarao on Luzon island in the Philippines.
In 1978, the diocese was subdivided, and the Diocese of Tandag was split off.
The second bishop was Gabriel V. Reyes, installed on Jan. 12, 1993.
The Vicariate Apostolic of Inírida in the Catholic Church is located in the town of Inírida, Guainía in Colombia.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Corner Brook and Labrador is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of St. John's, Newfoundland.
Data from 1950 indicated there are 50,000 registered Roman Catholics in Tianjin, occupying 1.4% of the total 3,600,000 population.
At present, the diocese is headed by its fourth bishop Most Rev.Roberto Calara Mallari D.D., former Auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese of San Fernando, Pampanga
Its cathedral episcopal see is Catedral Santa María in the city of Chiclayo.
It is part of the Ecclesiastical province of Port-au-Prince.
The Diocese of Linz is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Vienna, Austria.
It was founded in 1891 from the dioceses of Veracruz and Antequera.
The erection of this diocese was a historical event for Kannur which has 500 years of Christian tradition.
Las Gardenias 157, Colonia Las Mercedes in San Salvador, the national capital of El Salvador, in Central America.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Anuradhapura is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Sri Lanka.
It is the only component of the particular Albanian Greek Catholic Church sui juris.
It is one of six suffragan dioceses in the ecclesiastical province of Cashel and is subject to the Archbishop of Cashel and Emly.
Its cathedral see, Catedral de Santa Elena, is located in the city of Santa Elena de Uairén in Venezuela's landlocked Bolívar state.
In a land area of 5, 247 square kilometers, the diocesan territory covers the West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills District of Meghalaya state.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Guajará-Mirim is a diocese located in the city of Guajará-Mirim in the Ecclesiastical province of Porto Velho in Brazil.
The diocese covers an area of 9,262 km², and is a suffragan diocese of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Ho Chi Minh City.
The first Old Catholic archbishop of Utrecht was elected in 1723.
The government of the People's Republic of China installed Father Kong Lingzhong as Archbishop in 1962 and Father Joseph Ma Yinglin as Archbishop in 2006.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Modena-Nonantola.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Little Rock is a Roman Catholic diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of Oklahoma City located in the US state of Arkansas.
There are no large cities in the area; it is predominantly rural, predominantly agricultural, with rice, corn, rubber and coconut as the major crops.
The motto chosen for the diocese was "In the Cross of Christ I Glory".
This atypical arrangement was required due to the small size of the Cathedral Basilica of St. James.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ootacamund) is a diocese located in the city of Ootacamund in the Ecclesiastical province of Madras and Mylapore in India.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Springfield–Cape Girardeau is a Roman Catholic diocese in Missouri.
Kalay diocese is located in the northwestern part of Myanmar, bordering India, covering some part of the Chin State and part of Sagaing Division.
The diocese covers an area of 13,257 km2, and is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Ho Chi Minh city.
Within the diocese are two minor basilicas, Mary, Queen of the Universe Shrine, a basilica which ministers to Catholic tourists, and St. Paul's in Daytona Beach.
The principal church of the diocese is the St. Joseph's Cathedral, Rawalpindi.
Of the ancient patriarchate, once so proud and influential, there remained but the parish church of Aquileia.
In 1980, the diocese's name was changed to reflect its new co-see in the city of Billings, Montana.
The archdiocese was erected in 1595 in the city of Nueva Segovia.
Following the resignation of bishop Donal Murray, the diocese was administered by its metropolitan, Dermot Clifford, until the installation of Brendan Leahy on 14 April 2013.
directly dependent on the Holy See, not part of any ecclesiastical province.
It joined several other church bodies in the formation of the Anglican Church in North America in 2009.
The Bishop has built many secondary schools and numerous primary schools.
The Episcopal Diocese of Maryland forms part of Province 3 of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Opole is an diocese located in the city of Opole in the Ecclesiastical province of Katowice in Poland.
Erected in 1967, from territory in the Archdiocese of Zamboanga, the diocese is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Ozamiz.
That city also has the former Cathedral: Crkva sv.
The prelate is an archbishop whose cathedral is the Dulce Nombre de Maria Cathedral-Basilica.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Mindelo) is a diocese located in Mindelo in Cabo Verde.
The Italian Catholic Diocese of Aosta has existed in its modern form since 1817.
Bishop of the Birobidzhan diocese is Joseph.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tuxtepec is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Antequera, Oaxaca in Mexico.
It is also known as the diocese of Lesina.
Auxiliary Bishop since 1999 is Aurel Percă, Titular Bishop of Mauriana.
The diocesan offices are located in Manhattan near the Cathedral of Saint John the Divine on Amsterdam Avenue.
The episcopal see of the diocese is in Gothenburg Cathedral.
Its headquarters are at 1900 Carlton Road, Parma, Ohio.
It is governed by Archeparch Eduard Daher, BC.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Charlottetown is a Roman Catholic diocese which comprises the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island.
This area covers nearly all of the historic county of Middlesex.
Vacant since its sole incumbent's death in 1942, without apostolic administrator since 1950.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Trinidad in the Catholic Church is located in the town of Trinidad, Casanare in Colombia.
The Archdiocese of Munich and Freising is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in Bavaria, Germany.
Sacred Heart Cathedral in Cần Thơ has been assigned as the Cathedral of the diocese.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tianguá is a diocese located in the city of Tianguá in the Ecclesiastical province of Fortaleza in Brazil.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bujumbura) is the Metropolitan See for the Ecclesiastical province of Bujumbura in Burundi.
The Roman Catholic Metropolitan Archdiocese of Goa and Daman encompasses the state of Goa and the Union Territories of Daman in India.
The archdiocese is made up of five districts covering the entire city-state of Singapore.
The See city for the diocese is Tucson, Arizona, and its cathedral parish is the St. Augustine.
He was ordained to the presbyterate on October 7, 1976, and was then incardinated in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Ciudad Obregon, Mexico.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Telšiai) is a suffragan Latin diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan of Kaunas, one of two in Lithuania.
The diocese was established in 1147 after the Venetian conquest of the island.
Diocese of Europe is a diocese of the Macedonian Orthodox Church in Western Europe.
The church remained under the direction of John Strachan for most of the nineteenth century, who was later buried on the cathedral grounds in 1867.
The Archbishop of Cincinnati is Most Rev.
He comes from an aristocratic family from Velsao Goa which has been knighted by the King of Portugal during the Portuguese rule.
It was founded on July 15, 1890, by Pope Leo XIII.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Pankshin) is a diocese located in the city of Pankshin in the Ecclesiastical province of Jos in Nigeria.
The Metropolis of Chișinău and All Moldova is the largest church in the country, and one of the two main Orthodox churches in Moldova.
In 1955, the vicariate was elevated to a full diocese and became suffragan to the Archdiocese of Taunggyi.
The largest town in the diocese is Willmar at 19,610, New Ulm is, after Hutchinson and Marshall, the 4th largest city.
It is immediately subject to the Holy See.
Its cathedral episcopal see is Catedral Nossa Senhora da Conceiçao, dedicated to Immaculate Conception, in the city of Limoeiro do Norte.
The Diocese of Bjørgvin is one of the 11 dioceses that make up the Church of Norway.
The Italian Catholic Diocese of San Miniato is in Tuscany.
The Archdiocese of Gitega the Metropolitan See for the Ecclesiastical province of Gitega in Burundi.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ibarra is a diocese located in the city of Ibarra in the Ecclesiastical province of Quito in Ecuador.
It has been forming Roman Catholic seminarians since 1994.
It is currently ruled by Archeparch Georges Bou-Jaoudé, Congregation of the Mission.
The Vicariate Apostolic of Chaco Paraguayo in the Catholic Church is located in the city of Fuerte Olimpo in Paraguay.
It is suffragan to the Archdiocese of New Orleans.
a second World Heritage Site: Cerkiew św.
The current bishop is Precioso D. Cantillas, appointed in 1998.
The Diocese of Getafe) is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in Spain, part of the Archdiocese of Madrid.
Currently a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Toulouse, the episcopal seat of the Diocese of Montauban is in Montauban Cathedral.
The diocese now covers the modern ceremonial county of Cambridgeshire and western Norfolk.
The Archdiocese of Bratislava is a Roman Catholic archdiocese in western Slovakia including Bratislava and the western Trnava regions.
The St Gallen Cathedral, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, is the see of the diocese.
The Portuguese Roman Catholic Diocese of Aveiro has existed since 1938.
Tours kept its historic suffragans of Le Mans, Angers together with Nantes and a newly constituted Diocese of Laval.
There are five convocations in the diocese: Midlands, Catawba, Foothills, Gravatt, and Piedmont.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tijuana is a Metropolitan Archdiocese in Mexico.
The Italian Catholic Archdiocese of Chieti-Vasto received that name in 1986.
As senior Metropolitan in Bangladesh, it is the principal episcopal see of that country.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Gwalior) is a diocese located in the city of Gwalior in the Ecclesiastical province of Bhopal in India.
The whole diocese covers a land area of 85,852 square kilometers with a total population of 5,709,443.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Arundel and Brighton is a Latin Church Roman Catholic diocese in southern England covering the counties of Sussex and Surrey.
The vicar general of the Convocation of the West is Winfield Mott.
It is divided into three episcopal areas, each with its own area bishop.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jelgava) is a diocese located in the city of Jelgava in the Ecclesiastical province of Riga in Latvia.
It is a suffragan of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Sassari.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Nanchang, Chinese: 南昌) is an archdiocese based in the city of Nanchang in China.
The Archdiocese of Pesaro is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in central Italy.
The current metropolitan is the Most Reverend Stefan Soroka.
Only recently, in 2002, did the metropolitan change.
Most of the rest of the parishes are located in small towns and First Nations communities.
The diocese serves over 600,000 Catholics in 52 parishes and missions, three university campus ministries, and 38 schools.
The diocese is in the Ecclesiastical province of Osaka 大阪 in Japan.
It is governed by a bishop, who is a suffragan of the Archbishop of Chicago.
In this Jubilee year celebration the Bishop of the Diocese Most Rev.
The diocese is headquartered in Saginaw, Michigan.
The current bishop is Norbert Marshall Andradi, appointed in 2003.
Banja Luka's current cathedral was built in 1974.
Its territory comprises roughly the northeastern Italian Province of Rovigo, and a part of one town in the Province of Padua.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Genoa.
He is the successor of Saint Pothinus and Saint Irenaeus, the first and second bishops of Lyon, respectively, and is called Primate of the Gauls.
The incumbent bishop is Helmut Dieser, who was appointed by Pope Francis on 23 September 2016.
He succeeds William E. Lori, appointed March 19, 2001, who served until 2012, when he was installed as Archbishop of Baltimore.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tandag is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Philippines.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Divinópolis is a diocese located in the city of Divinópolis in the Ecclesiastical province of Belo Horizonte in Brazil.
The Diocese of Poitiers includes the two Departments of Vienne and Deux-Sèvres.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Chikwawa) is a diocese located in the city of Chikwawa in the Ecclesiastical province of Blantyre in Malawi.
Požega was selected as the seat of diocese because of its historic tradition, as an urban centre since the 13th century.
By 2004, the diocese of Phan Thiêt had about 147,000 believers, 80 priests and 64 parishes.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Morelia is a Metropolitan Archdiocese in western central Mexico.
Its cathedral episcopal see is Catedral de São João Batista, dedicated to John the Baptist in the city of Montenegro, Brazil.
Prior to that, all Ukrainian Catholics had been under the jurisdiction of the local Roman ordinary.
It has currently 35 congregations in the American states of California, Arizona, Nevada, Idaho, Montana, Washington and Wyoming.
Pope Francis appointed Burchell Alexander McPherson of the Archdiocese of Kingston the third Bishop of Montego Bay on April 11, 2013.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Pinerolo is a Latin rite bishopric in the administrative province of Turin of Piedmont region, Northwestern Italy.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bogor) is a diocese located in the city of Bogor in the Ecclesiastical province of Jakarta in Indonesia.
Sisinio, Martirio e Alessandro, in Sanzeno, Trento.
It is a suffragan of the archdiocese of Cagliari.
The diocese is subdivided into 42 parishes.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Mont-Laurier is a Roman Catholic diocese that includes part of the Province of Quebec.
The philanthropic outreach arm of the Episcopal Diocese of Southeast Florida is Episcopal Charities of Southeast Florida.
Gikongoro was historically the poorest province in Rwanda.
immediately subject to the Holy See, not part of any ecclesiastic province.
The diocese was established in 1912 as the Diocese of Persia and was incorporated into the Jerusalem Archbishopric in 1957.
The diocese is attached to the Province of Canterbury.
Its only church on the actual Falklands is its episcopal see, St Mary's, in the Falklands capital Stanley.
the western part of the county of Kent
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Mouila) is a diocese located in the city of Mouila in the Ecclesiastical province of Libreville in Gabon.
It covers Caithness and Sutherland, mainland Ross and Cromarty, and mainland Inverness-shire, Nairnshire, Moray and Banffshire.
The Episcopal Diocese of Lexington is the diocese of The Episcopal Church with jurisdiction over eastern Kentucky.
Female Garo are very skill in beauty parlor profession.
It has an area of 170,000 square kilometres.
It is a suffragan see of the Archdiocese of Portland.
The Diocese of Tarnów is a Roman Catholic diocese in Poland.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Leopoldina is a diocese located in the city of Leopoldina in the Ecclesiastical province of Juiz de Fora in Brazil.
As of 2011, the diocese remains a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Paris.
Installed Bishop of Hoima on 5 October 1969 and retired on 9 March 1991.
It is based in Tha Rae, a subdistrict municipality in the Mueang Sakon Nakhon district.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Islamabad-Rawalpindi is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Pakistan.
It is suffragan to the archdiocese of Benevento.
The diocese is one of the smallest, in number of congregants, in the Episcopal Church.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Manaus is an archdiocese located in the city of Manaus in Brazil.
In 1707, Alexander Rose, Bishop of Edinburgh and the first Primus, united Moray with his diocese for reason of practical oversight.
The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of San Fernando.
The controversial president has battled illness himself in recent years, traveling last month to Cuba in order to have a potentially cancerous tumor removed.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Otukpo) is a diocese located in the city of Otukpo in the Ecclesiastical province of Abuja in Nigeria.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Cruz del Eje is in Argentina and is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Córdoba.
The see city for the diocese is Kansas City, Missouri.
The Diocese of Volterra is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in Tuscany, central Italy.
The diocese covers an area of 27,516  km².
Churches are presently located in the states of Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Nevada, New Mexico, Oregon, and Washington.
The First Diocesan Synod was held at Ishvani Kendra, Pune, from 11 to 14 February 2003.
Since 1900, however, there has been only one Rome-born Bishop of Rome, Pius XII.
The current bishop is James Vann Johnson, Jr..
The Diocese of Leicester is a Church of England diocese based in Leicester and including the current county of Leicestershire.
In 1986 the historical archdiocese of Camerino, an archdiocese since 1787, was united with the diocese of San Severino.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Formosa is a Latin suffragan diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of Brasília in central Brazil.
América 1830 y Mercadillo in Quito, national capital of Ecuador.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tura) is a diocese located in the city of Tura in the Ecclesiastical province of Shillong in India.
The Diocese of Saskatoon is a diocese of the Ecclesiastical Province of Rupert's Land of the Anglican Church of Canada.
The Burlington See is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Boston.
The Diocese of Passau is a Roman Catholic diocese in Germany that is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Munich and Freising.
After the synod, statements from the Episcopal Church and the Southern Cone express conflicting views of what constitutes the diocese.
The eparchy encompasses the entire United States.
Ilarion was elected as Bishop of Edmonton at the Ukrainian Orthodox Church's Sobor on August 23, 2008, in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
The Diocese of Romblon has 24 parishes manned by 30 priests and 1 religious SVD brother.
Since the reorganization in 2002 by Pope John Paul II, there are now four dioceses in the Province of Clermont: Clermont, Le Puy-en-Velay, Moulins, and Saint-Flour.
As of 2014 there were 22 churches in the diocese.
It is led by the Most Rev.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Santiago de los Caballeros is a Latin rite Metropolitan Archdiocese in the Dominican Republic.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Venice in Florida is a Roman Catholic diocese in Florida, founded on June 16, 1984.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Siracusa.
The original cathedral church of the diocese was All Saints, Bendigo, but since 1981 the cathedral church has been St Paul's.
A number of Jesuits entered the area in 1641; Father Claude Pijart, being the leading missionary of that group.
The diocese is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Colombo.
It also has a Minor Basilica: Basílica de Nuestra Señora del Rosario de Talpa, dedicated to Our Lady of the Rosary, in Talpa de Allende, Jalisco.
It is a part of the ecclesiastical province of Asmara.
Alberto S. Uy was named bishop by Pope Francis on October 13, 2016.
Its headquarters are at 8105 North 16th Street, Phoenix, Arizona.
The Diocese of Huesca is located in north-eastern Spain, in the province of Huesca, part of the autonomous community of Aragón.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the Immaculate Conception Cathedral, in Brownsville, Texas
On June 13, 2017, it was announced Pope Francis had appointed Evansville Bishop Charles Thompson as Archbishop of the Diocese.
It comprises 14 congregations serving 24 communities in the Yukon and parts of northern British Columbia.
The Diocese of St Andrews, Dunkeld and Dunblane is one of the seven dioceses of the Scottish Episcopal Church.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Casanare was a Roman Catholic apostolic vicariate, located in the central eastern region of Colombia.
Its patron saint however is Saint Donatian, hence the cathedral is also known as Sint-Salvators- en Donaaskathedraal after both saints.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the Catedral de Nuestra Señora de El Carmen, dedicated to Our Lady of Carmel, in Cartago, Cartago province, central Costa Rica.
The suffragan dioceses in the ecclesiastical province of Reims are Amiens; Beauvais, Noyon, and Senlis; Châlons; Langres; Soissons, Laon, and Saint-Quentin; and Troyes.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Caratinga is a diocese located in the city of Caratinga in the Ecclesiastical province of Mariana in Brazil.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Puqi/Puchi, Chinese: 蒲圻) is a diocese located in the city of Puqi in the Ecclesiastical province of Hankou in China.
It is for the Syro-Malankara Catholics of Maharashtra, Goa, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana and parts of Tamil Nadu and Karnataka.
The current bishop, as of April 2015, is Bishop Luc Crépy.
as the first bishop of the Diocese.
The diocese is subdivided into 13 parishes.
In that year the Diocese of Alatri was united to the historical Diocese of Anagni.
The current bishop is Lajos Pápai, who was appointed in 1991.
Its cathedral, Trinity Episcopal Cathedral, is in Omaha, as are the diocese's offices.
Queen of the Rosary Cathedral in Bac Ninh has been assigned as the Cathedral of the diocese.
Later, in 1850, it became suffragan of the Archdiocese of Rennes.
The Italian Catholic diocese of Termoli-Larino has existed since 1986.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the Cathedral of the Transfiguration, in the city of Novosibirsk, in Asian Siberia, Russia.
another Minor Basilica, the Basilica Concattedrale di S. Michele Arcangelo, dedicated to the archangel Saint Michael, in Sant’Angelo in Vado
The Diocese of Civita Castellana is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in Latium, central Italy.
Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Sidon is a diocese of the Melkite Greek Catholic Church suffragan of the Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Tyre.
Makurdi, which had responsibility for churches in Benue State and
The Roman Catholic Diocese of San Andrés Tuxtla is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Jalapa.
It is currently ruled by Eparch Edgard Madi.
The Diocese of Sion is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in the canton of Valais, Switzerland.
It is part of the Province of Canterbury.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Luziânia is a diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan of Brasília in Brazil.
Prior to the occasion, the celebration of the 5th Asian Youth Day in 2009 was also held in the diocese.
Enrique V. Macaraeg is the current bishop whose appointment was made on March 31, 2016.
The Diocese of Prato has been separate from 1954.
The Bishop of Essen is seated in Essen Cathedral, once the church of Essen Abbey, and over one thousand years old.
The bishop of the diocese is Robert C. Morlino.
The Diocese of Magdeburg is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic church, located in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt.
It is one of six suffragan dioceses in the ecclesiastical province of Cashel and is subject to the Archbishop of Cashel and Emly.
For a time, the Archbishop of Sens held the title "Primate of the Gauls and Germania".
Its episcopal see and mother church is Cheju Joong-Ang Jungang Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception of Mary, in Jeju City제주시, in Seoul-teukbyeolsi 서울특별시.
It was restored by the Concordat of 1801, as the combination of the Dioceses of Quimper, Saint-Pol-de-Léon and Tréguier in Brittany, France.
“Unfortunately, you have been very weak and negligent in confronting this most serious of problems.”
The present Bishop is the Most Reverend John McAreavey who received episcopal ordination in 1999.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Texcoco is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Tlalnepantla.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jilin/Kírín, Chinese: 吉林) is a Latin diocese in Manchuria, northeast China.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of El Banco is a diocese located in the city of El Banco in the Ecclesiastical province of Barranquilla in Colombia.
immediately subject to the Holy See and its Roman Congregation for Bishops.
The historical diocese of Boiano was renamed diocese of Boiano-Campobasso in 1927.
St. Paul's Church in Franklin is the diocese's oldest congregation.
It was created in AD 635 as the Diocese of Lindisfarne.
His successor as Archbishop-elect is Bishop Armand Maillard of the Diocese of Laval.
The diocese includes the islands of Tenerife, La Palma, La Gomera and El Hierro, in the province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife.
It is a new diocese, having only been erected on July 5, 1997.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lubbock is a Roman Catholic diocese in Texas.
It is situated in the autonomous province of Vojvodina and seat of the eparchy is in Novi Sad.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Alba Iulia is a Latin Church Catholic archdiocese in Transylvania, Romania.
He was appointed to the See of Kharkiv-Zaporizhia in April 2014.
The diocese in its present form was founded on October 14, 1965.
The retired bishop of the diocese is Bishop Emeritus William Dendinger.
The Italian Catholic Diocese of Vigevano lies almost entirely in the Province of Pavia, Lombardy.
It was separated from Corinth renamed the Metropolis of Argos and Nafplio in 1189, confirming an earlier de facto merger with Nauplion.
The congregation was established by Kevin Bond Allen.
The prefecture is subdivided into 24 parishes, and has 13 priests altogether.
A Papal Brief of 1852 authorized the bishop to assume the title of Bishop of Fréjus and Toulon.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Abaetetuba is a diocese located in the city of Abaetetuba in the Ecclesiastical province of Belém do Pará in Brazil.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Potosí is a diocese located in the city of Potosí in the Ecclesiastical province of Sucre in Bolivia.
It comprises twelve churches, constituting Ukrainian Catholic parishes in the Southern part of Brazil, concurrently with various Latin provinces.
Its titutar patron saint is St. Elizabeth of Hungary, whose feast is celebrated on November 17.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ilhéus is a diocese located in the city of Ilhéus in the Ecclesiastical province of São Salvador da Bahia in Brazil.
The diocese comprises all of the department of Gard.
Incumbent bishop, Andrew Chan, was elected on 26 June 2011 and consecrated on 25 March 2012 to replace the outgoing bishop, Thomas Soo.
The Syro-Malankara Church observes the Antiochian Rite in the Syriac language.
The Episcopal Diocese of Connecticut is a diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America, encompassing the entire state of Connecticut.
As of 2013, the diocese contains 12 parishes with no active diocesan priests, 3 religious priests, and 7,200 Catholics.
It counts 36 parishes, 30 in the United States and 6 in Canada.
The Cathedral of the Sacred Heart in Pueblo is the seat of the diocese.
On 9 January 2014, Stephen Robson was enthroned as the diocese's ninth bishop.
it is represented in 17 American states and 4 Canadian provinces.
Its first bishop, John Lewis, a Church of Ireland cleric, was the first bishop consecrated in Canada rather than England.
For more information on the Bishop-elect or the Diocese, please see the two news releases.
The Roman Catholic Vicariate Apostolic of El Petén is a pre-diocesan missionary jurisdiction in Guatemala's Petén Department.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Atakpamé) is a diocese located in the city of Atakpamé in the Ecclesiastical province of Lomé in Togo.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Maracay is a diocese located in the city of Maracay in the Ecclesiastical province of Valencia en Venezuela in Venezuela.
Its suffragan sees include Añatuya, Concepción and Santiago del Estero.
In 2004 he was appointed parish priest of the Cathedral of Quilmes.
Incumbent Archbishop of Madrid since 28 August 2014 is Carlos Osoro Sierra, until then Archbishop of Valencia.
Bishop José earned his Masters in Divinity from Virginia Theological Seminary and Bachelor of Arts from the University of Central Florida.
Like many French bishops, he was compelled to face the problem created by the dwindling number of priests in the Roman Catholic Church.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Hwalien is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Taiwan.
The archdiocese's motherchurch and thus seat of its archbishop is the Catedral Basílica de Nuestra Señora de la Luz.
Part of the Ecclesiastical Province of Miami, it covers much of North Florida, including the cities of St. Augustine, Jacksonville, and Gainesville.
It is headed by the Bishop of Sheffield and its Cathedral is Sheffield Cathedral.
The Diocese of San Juan de Calama is a diocese located in the city of Calama in the Ecclesiastical province of Antofagasta in Chile.
Xavier Koodapuzha was the secretary of the Apostolic Visitor.
The Roman Catholic Metropolitan Archdiocese of Quito is the Catholic archdiocese in the capital city of Ecuador, Quito.
The present Bishop is the Most Reverend Philip Leo O'Reilly, Bishop of Kilmore, who was installed on 15 November 1998.
On September 1, 1959 the name was changed to Diocese of Hermosillo; it was elevated to Archdiocese on July 13, 1963.
Its ecclesiastic territory includes the counties of Burlington, Monmouth, Ocean, and Mercer.
The diocese of Long Xuyên is a Roman Catholic diocese of Vietnam.
The Metropolis of Argolis is a diocese of the Church of Greece, with its seat at Nafplio, covering the historical Argolid.
The Diocese of Bergamo is a see of the Catholic Church in Italy, and is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Milan.
The See city for the diocese is New Ulm.
The present bishop is Michael Oulton and the cathedral dean is Donald Davidson.
The see is based in Albuquerque, New Mexico and the diocesan cathedral is the Cathedral Church of St. John.
It has existed in this form since 1986, when the historical Archdiocese of Ancona was united with the Diocese of Osimo.
It is the only local Roman Catholic diocese and covers the entire country.
100 Parishes from Thiruthuvapuram and Mulagumoodu vicariates of Kottar diocese were put under the administrative control of Kuzhithurai diocese.
It is currently led by Archbishop José Luiz Chávez Botello, with Auxiliary Bishop Oscar Campos Contreras.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kalisz) is a diocese located in the city of Kalisz in the Ecclesiastical province of Poznań in Poland.
Krishna-Godavari Diocese is a diocese of Church of South India in Andrapradesh state of India.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Matagalpa is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Managua.
The eparchy was established on 20 April 1993.
The Archdiocese of Karachi, originally known as the Diocese of Karachi, was erected on 20 May 1948 under the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Bombay, India.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Pinar del Rio is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of San Cristobal de la Habana.
The Archdiocese of Florence is a metropolitan see of the Catholic Church in Italy.
The diocese takes its name from the see city, the metropolitan area where the bishop resides.
The Military Bishopric of Colombia is a military ordinariate of the Roman Catholic Church.
There are several famous churches under the Archeparchy of Thamarassery.
It is a suffragan see of the Archdiocese of Galveston-Houston.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Wichita is a Roman Catholic diocese in Kansas.
It was enlarged in 1802 by the addition of the former Diocese of Avranches and of two archdeaconries from the Diocese of Bayeux.
He was ultimately acquitted in June 2000 and allowed to return to his functions as bishop.
Its episcopal see is the city of Shinan.
The Diocese of Lexington is in Province 4 and its cathedral, Christ Church Cathedral, is in Lexington, as are the diocesan offices.
Immediately subject to the Holy See, it provides pastoral care to Roman Catholics serving in the German Armed Forces and their families.
Originally the diocesan see, or headquarters city, was located in Gambier in south-central Ohio, but moved to Cleveland shortly after the diocesan split.
He is also pastor of the Co-Cathedral of Saint Joseph the Worker in Fagatogo.
The archdiocese's motherchurch and thus seat of its archbishop is the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception also known as the Shigu Road church.
Charlotte, Winston-Salem, Greensboro, Raleigh, Cary, and Durham are the largest cities in the diocese.
The Bishop will be installed as Military Ordinary at a later date.
The Diocese of Sankt Pölten is a diocese located in the city of Sankt Pölten in the Ecclesiastical province of Wien in Austria.
On 28, August, 2016, Apostolic Prefecture of Ulaanbaatar celebrated Ordination of first native Mongolian priest by His Excellency Msgr.
It became the Archdiocese of Perugia in 1882, but without suffragans.
On 2 July 2005 he was Appointed Auxiliary Bishop, Archdiocese of Mbarara and also appointed Titular Bishop of Tacia, Montana.
There is also a Diocese of Rio de Janeiro in the Anglican Episcopal Church of Brazil.
The first bishop was Zadranin Martin I. Manzavini.
Major cities in the diocese are Jacksonville, Tallahassee and Gainesville.
The diocese, which is based in the western suburbs of Montreal, features approximately 201,000 baptized Catholics.
Jesse E. Mercado, D.D., the Auxiliary Bishop of Manila and then the District Bishop of the Ecclesiastical District of Parañaque, was designated as its first Bishop.
The Bosnian War greatly affected the diocese.
The Diocese of San Pablo is a Roman Catholic diocese which is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Manila.
Despite its name, the diocese was inactive in Alaska.
The cathedral for the Diocese of Kentucky is located in Louisville.
Its cathedral see, Catedral San José, is located in the city of Tena, capital of Napo Province in Ecuador's Amazon Rainforest.
According to the church statistics about 31,4% attended a church at least once a week and about 14,6% took communion regularly in 2013.
The diocese is a part of Province IV of the Episcopal Church.
The Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Tripoli is a non-Metropolitan Archeparchy of the Maronite Church in the north-west of Lebanon.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Padua is an episcopal see of the Catholic Church in Veneto, northern Italy.
Immediately subject to the Holy See, it provides pastoral care to Roman Catholics serving in the Republic of Korea(South Korea) Armed Forces and their families.
The Diocese of Batticaloa is a Roman Catholic diocese for south-eastern Sri Lanka.
Bishop José was born in San Juan, Puerto Rico and raised in Florida.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Kontagora is a Roman Catholic apostolic Vicariate located in the city of Kontagora in Nigeria.
The diocese owns a retreat house at Launde Abbey near East Norton.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the Cathedral of St. Michael in the city of Qingdao, in Shandong.
The diocese also operates the Virginia Diocesan Center at Roslyn in western Richmond, a conference center overlooking the James River.
The Diocese of Lesotho is a diocese in the Anglican Church of Southern Africa.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Juigalpa is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Managua.
The diocese of Marseille was abolished during the French Revolution, under the Civil Constitution of the Clergy.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Saginaw is a Roman Catholic diocese covering eleven counties in Michigan, USA.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Chiang Mai in northern Thailand is a suffragan diocese of the archdiocese of Bangkok.
The cathedral parish for the diocese is Sacred Heart Cathedral.
The diocese is well known for its igloo-shaped cathedral, St. Jude's, which was destroyed by fire in 2005 but subsequently rebuilt and opened in 2012.
The Diocese of Vicenza is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in Italy.
The Diocese of Funen is a diocese within the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Denmark, based in Odense.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kalibo is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Philippines.
It has a population of 705,000 and comprises 209 benefices, 303 parishes and 335 churches with 145 stipendiary parochial clergy.
The Abbey of Monte Oliveto Maggiore is a large Benedictine monastery in the Italian region of Tuscany, 10 km south of Asciano.
The Italian Roman Catholic Diocese of Cuneo was created in 1817, from territory that previously had belonged to the Diocese of Mondovì.
There are about 270,000 Catholics in the Diocese.
The creation of the diocese in present form was declared January 18, 1963.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Orán is located in the city of San Ramón de la Nueva Orán, Argentina.
In 1999, the Diocese of Belthangady was created to serve the needs of the Syrian Catholics of Dakshin Kannada, Udupi and Kodagu in Karnataka.
The diocese consists of all Episcopal congregations in the southeastern quartile of Texas, including the cities of Austin, Beaumont, Galveston, Houston and Waco.
In 1923, Lithuania invaded the territory and annexed it.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Maradi) is a diocese located in Maradi in Niger.
The diocese is a suffragan see of the Archdiocese of Louisville.
The line of bishops continued with only a few vacancies until, in 1842, the diocese was united with St Andrews.
The Episcopal Diocese of Washington is the ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Episcopal Bishop of Washington in the United States.
There is also a Minor Basilica: Basilica-Santuario di S. Maria Assunta e S. Filippo Neri, in Guardia Sanframondi.
The Diocese of Dili was divided to create the diocese.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Netzahualcóyotl is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Tlalnepantla.
Since the reorganization of French ecclesiastical provinces by Pope John Paul II on 8 December 2002, Tulle has been a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Poitiers.
but the former Cathedral: Ex cattedrale Santa Croce, dedicated to the Holy Cross, in Telese, remains decommissioned
Historically it was the Diocese of Oppido Marmertina.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Steubenville is a Roman Catholic diocese covering thirteen counties in southeastern Ohio.
The Roman Catholic Vicariate Apostolic of Bluefields was erected on 2 December 1913.
The episcopal see is the Cathedral St. John the Baptist in the city of Guiratinga in the state of Mato Grosso.
The diocese is one of the oldest in England and is part of the Province of Canterbury.
On February 23, 2010, Pope Benedict XVI appointed Monsignor Joseph C. Bambera the tenth Bishop of Scranton.
The mother church is the Catedral de San Felipe Apostol located in City of Arecibo.
The archdiocese's chancellor was also reportedly killed.
The diocese of Gothenburg is a diocese of the Church of Sweden.
The Diocese of Chunchon is a particular church of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in South Korea.
The archdiocese is the metropolitan see for the Ecclesiastical Province of Miami, which covers Florida.
Immediately subject to the Holy See, it provides pastoral care to Roman Catholics serving in the Colombian Armed Forces and their families.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Oliveira is a diocese located in the city of Oliveira in the Ecclesiastical province of Belo Horizonte in Brazil.
The Ancient See of Aarhus was a pre-reformation Catholic diocese in Denmark.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mendoza is in Argentina and is a metropolitan diocese.
Seminarians from 8 dioceses across the Midwestern United States reside at the seminary and take classes at Marian University.
It was founded on November 28, 1843.
The dioceses of Kengtung, Loikaw, Pekhon and Taungngu are suffragans of the archdiocese.
The current bishop is Raymond Kingsley Wickramasinghe, appointed in 2011.
The diocese extends to East London, in the east and Port Alfred to the south.
It includes within its territory the independent Himalayan state of Bhutan, where Christianity is practiced by a tiny minority and proselytism is forbidden.
It was created in 1973 by splitting off from the Episcopal Diocese of Los Angeles.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Radom) is a diocese located in the city of Radom in the Ecclesiastical province of Częstochowa in Poland.
It is now suffragan of the Archdiocese of Rennes, Dol, and Saint-Malo, having previously been suffragan to the Archdiocese of Tours.
In 1992, the Diocese was elevated to an Archdiocese.
Its ecclesiastic territory includes Maricopa, Mohave, Yavapai, and Coconino counties, and also includes the Gila River Indian Reservation in Pinal County.
By 2004, the diocese of Bac Ninh had about 123,090 believers, 23 priests and 47 parishes.
The diocese comprises 24 counties in northwestern Iowa, and it covers an area of 14,518 square miles.
Sixty-three women religious were also in service to the diocese.
It is a suffragan of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Ravenna-Cervia.
The archdiocese, created in Roman times, was reestablished in 1118.
There were about 384,000 local Catholics as of August 2015, and 160,000 Filipino Catholics in Hong Kong.
The Orthodox Archdiocese of Beirut is one of the nineteen archdioceses of the Church of Antioch.
The archbishopric has nine more Minor basilicas : ...
The Diocese of Tiraspol and Dubăsari is a diocese of the Moldovan Orthodox Church which covers the exact territory of Transnistria, Moldova.
The seat of the archdiocese is the Cathedral Basilica of the Immaculate Conception at 401 East Colfax Avenue.
The Latin Rite Catholic Diocese of Avellaneda-Lanús is in Argentina and is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Buenos Aires.
Msgr Abraham D Mattam of Vincentian Congregation was nominated its first Apostolic Exarch on 15 August 1968.
Diocese of Tezpur is a Roman Catholic diocese that has its seat in Tezpur, which is in Assam, India.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ekiti) is a diocese located in the city of Ado-Ekiti, Ekiti State in the Ecclesiastical province of Ibadan in Nigeria.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Mati is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines.
In 2009, the diocese had nearly 100,000 registered Catholics, about 16% of the population.
He was ordained to the Presbyterate on April 12, 1972.
Joseph Nguyễn Tích Đức retired as bishop in 2007, and died as Bishop Emeritus on Monday, 23 May 2011, aged 73.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Shendam a diocese located in the city of Shendam, Plateau State in the Ecclesiastical province of Jos in Nigeria.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Machiques is a diocese located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Maracaibo in Venezuela.
It is in Province 8 and its cathedral, Trinity Episcopal Cathedral, is in Sacramento, as are the diocesan offices.
It comprised the area of the whole province of Rizal, the entire Marikina City, and part of Pasig City.
The eparchy of Ramanathapuram was created by bifurcating Syro-Malabar Catholic eparchy of Palghat.
The offices of the Bishop of Southern Ohio and the cathedral, Christ Church Cathedral, are both located in downtown Cincinnati.
It is one of two Eastern Rite Catholic dioceses in Great Britain, along with the Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Great Britain.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Girona) is a diocese located in the city of Girona in the Ecclesiastical province of Tarragona in Catalonia, Spain.
directly subject to the Holy See, not part of any ecclesiastical province.
Cádiz is the residence of the bishop.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Sainte-Anne-de-la-Pocatière is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Quebec.
The Diocese of Essen is a bishopric of the Catholic Church in Germany, founded on 1 January 1958.
The renaming former Archdiocese of Saigon to Archdiocese of Ho Chi Minh city was declared November 23, 1976.
The total number of chapels in the diocese is currently more than 450.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Blumenau is a diocese located in the city of Blumenau in the Ecclesiastical province of Florianópolis in Brazil.
The Ordinariate is currently sede vacante, as the Most Rev Leopoldo S. Tumulak, D.D.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Minna) is a diocese located in the city of Minna in the Ecclesiastical province of Kaduna in Nigeria.
the Co-Cathedral: Concattedrale di S. Maria Assunta, dedicated to the Assumption and St. Biagio, in Orbetello
It includes, since 6 April 2016, the Convocation of the West, formerly the Diocese of the West of the Reformed Episcopal Church.
Diocese of Saratov and Volsk is an eparchy of the Russian Orthodox Church based in Saratov.
The diocese is led by the Right Reverend Greg Rickel, the 8th Bishop of Olympia.
It counts in its membership an approximate total of 750,000 people.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Gregorio de Laferrere is in Argentina and is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Buenos Aires.
The following year, in November 1895, the first Convention of the District of Asheville was held at Trinity Church in Asheville.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Benin City is the Metropolitan See for the Ecclesiastical province of Benin City in Nigeria.
The Diocese is led by the Bishop of Paisley, currently the Right Reverend John Keenan the fifth bishop of the diocese.
It is subordinate to the Bucharest Archdiocese.
On 30 January 2010 the Vatican erected a third diocese in East Timor.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Buga is a diocese located in the city of Buga in the Ecclesiastical province of Cali in Colombia.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kotor is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Bay of Kotor area in Montenegro.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Santiago de Cuba is a Metropolitan Archdiocese, responsible for the dioceses of Guantánamo-Baracoa, Holguín and Santísimo Salvador de Bayamo y Manzanillo.
Mono County is on the eastern side of the Sierra Nevada Mountain range and is usually cut off from the rest of the diocese during winter.
There are 94 priests, 16 religious brothers, 158 religious sisters and 819 lay catechists who work in this diocese.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Angers is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
appointed archbishop by Pope Benedict XVI on Wednesday, February 2, 2011.
On 10 April 2017 he announced the first diocesan synod ever to be held in Mayenne, to commence on 23 May.
The diocese, based in Amesbury, Massachusetts, comprises 23 congregations in 6 American states, Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island and Vermont.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Eldoret) is a diocese located in the city of Eldoret in the Ecclesiastical province of Kisumu in Kenya.
The state with most parishes is Illinois with 15.
The first bishop was Æthelwold, he was the king's confessor and became prior of the Augustinian priory at Nostell in Yorkshire.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Suifu/Yibin, Chinese: 敘府, 宜賓) is a diocese located in the city of Yibin in the Ecclesiastical province of Chongqing in China.
It stretches from Muchalls in the north east down to Dundee in the south, and across to Glencarse in the south west.
The archepiscopal see is headed by the Archbishop of Southwark.
The Archdiocese of Eger is an archdiocese in Northern Hungary, its centre is the city of Eger.
He attended primary school in Guadalajara in 1981, and was accepted into the novitiate of the Franciscan Friars Minor of Guadalajara.
The diocese has 48 parishes with 90,000 adherents.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Brno) is a diocese located in the city of Brno in the ecclesiastical province of Olomouc in the Czech Republic.
The diocese was organized in 1785 and is one of the Episcopal Church's nine original dioceses.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Guaranda is a diocese located in the city of Guaranda in the Ecclesiastical province of Quito.
Founded in 2005, it is composed primarily of churches that have disaffiliated from the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Zipaquirá is a diocese located in the city of Zipaquirá in the Ecclesiastical province of Bogotá in Colombia.
Of the two provinces of the church it falls within the Province of Canterbury.
It was created on 1 May 1905 from part of the ancient Diocese of Rochester that was served by a Suffragan Bishop of Southwark.
Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Cyprus is a seat of the Maronite Church immediately subject to the Holy See.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Chiclayo) is a Latin Catholic suffragan diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of Piura in Peru's northwestern Lambayeque region.
It is currently governed by the patriarchal vicar Georges Bakar.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Coro is a Latin Metropolitan archdiocese in western Venezuela.
It is immediately subject to the Melkite Catholic Patriarchate of Antioch.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kabinda) is a Latin suffragan diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of Kananga in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
It is one of eight suffragan dioceses which are subject to the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Armagh.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Požega is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in the Slavonia region of Croatia.
Its cathedral episcopal see is Cathédrale Sainte-Marie in the city of Tshumbe in Kasai-Oriental.
The cathedral church of the diocese is St Colman’s Cathedral.
Members of the Cathedral Parish worship at St. Patrick's and Holy Redeemer in Downtown Madison.
Its cathedral episcopal see is St. Mary’s Cathedral, in Ujjain, Madhya Pradesh state.
Its patron saints are Francis Xavier and Catherine of Siena, and its motto is Scientia et Virtus.
It comprises the Counties of Alpine, Calaveras, Mono, San Joaquin, Stanislaus and Tuolumne.
On August 24, 1988, Paul Chittilapilly was ordained Eparch of Kalyan, and the new diocese was formally inaugurated.
It currently covers an area of 41,940 km², and has a population of 6,500,000, including the states of Guanajuato and Querétaro.
It is immediately subject to the Holy See and it is presided by Bishop Olivier Schmitthaeusler since 10 October 2010.
It also has 28 Women Religious, 14 Religious Brothers, and 13 permanent deacons.
The diocese covers 7,000 Anglicans, with 35 service institutions, 29 parishes, 1500 employees, 200 hospital beds and 6,000 students.
It is led by the Episcopal Bishop of Hawaii pastoring the Hawaiian Islands from the Cathedral Church of Saint Andrew in Honolulu.
Abdallah Sayegh is the current vicar general.
And the first Holy Mass at St. Michael’s Awgu was at Oke-Ali-Ohaja Awgu by Rev.
The archdiocese is led by Archbishop Leo Cushley.
The Diocese of Coimbatore is one of the 22 dioceses of the Anglican Church of South India.
Its headquarters are in Prince Albert, Saskatchewan.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Mpanda is a diocese located in Mpanda in the Ecclesiastical province of Tabora in Tanzania.
The new diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Trujillo.
The Archbishopric was by Pope's decree abolished some time after 1140, until it was restored by the Serbian medieval Nemanjić dynasty in 1199.
Assunta in Cielo, dedicated to [[, Fermo.
Neighboring dioceses are Enugu to the north, Abakaliki to the east, Umuahia to the south and Awka to the west.
The Roman Catholic Metropolitan Archdiocese of Calcutta is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in India.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Vellore) is a diocese located in the city of Vellore in the Ecclesiastical province of Madras and Mylapore in India.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Santiago de Cabo Verde is a diocese located in Santiago in Cabo Verde.
The parishes which the Diocese of Arlington comprises were ceded from the neighboring Diocese of Richmond.
Immediately subject to the Holy See, it provides pastoral care to Roman Catholics serving in the Dutch Armed Forces and their families.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Adelaide is a Latin Church metropolitan archdiocese of the Catholic Church in Australia located in Adelaide, South Australia.
Tomasza Apostoła, a World Heritage Site dedicated to Resurrection and the St. Thomas the Apostle, in the city of Zamość, Lubelskie.
It was erected as a diocese in the 9th century and elevated to an archdiocese in 1089.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Belém do Pará is an archdiocese located in the city of Belém in Brazil.
Its cathedral see, the Catedral Nuestra Señora del Cisne, is located in the city of Nueva Loja, Sucumbíos Province in Ecuador.
It lies on the west bank of the Niger River between Benin City to the west and Onitsha to the east.
The Apostolic Vicariate of San Vicente del Caguán, or in short Apostolic Vicariate of San Vicente, is an apostolic vicariate, which is exempt, i.e.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Antofagasta) is a Latin rite Metropolitan archdiocese in northern Chile's Antofagasta Province.
The Irish Catholic migrants formed the basis of the Catholic Church in Barbados.
Finn Wagle was the bishop from 1991 to 2008.
The Diocese of San Isidro is an administrative division of the Roman Catholic Church in Argentina.
The seat of the Archdiocese is the Cathedral of Notre Dame in the city of Luxembourg, and since 2011 the Archbishop is Jean-Claude Hollerich.
None of the first three bishops appointed ever physically visited Madeira; only the fourth, Frei Jorge de Lemos, took personally possession of the episcopal Cathedra.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kohima) is a diocese located in the city of Kohima in the Ecclesiastical province of Imphal in India.
The Diocese of Lamego is a Roman Catholic diocese in Portugal.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Inhambane) is a diocese located in the city of Inhambane in the Ecclesiastical province of Maputo in Mozambique.
The current Vicar of the Patriarch Gregory III Laham is Joseph Jules Zerey.
Apart from Kingston, other major centres included in the diocese are Belleville, Brockville, and Trenton.
On 13 June 2014 Pope Francis accepted the resignation of Bishop Andrew Francis, in accordance with canon 401 para.
It can trace its roots back to the earliest days of American settlement in California.
The Major Seminary - St Charles Borromeo Seminary is at the very heart of the Archdiocese of Košice.
The seat of the episcopal see was Bradford Cathedral and the bishop was the diocesan Bishop of Bradford.
The Bishop-Designate is Nelson Jesus Perez, who was appointed by Pope Francis as Bishop of Cleveland on July 11, 2017.
In 2000, the number of registered Catholics in the diocese was 65,500.
The Roman Catholic Territorial Prelature of Humahuaca is in Argentina and is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Salta.
Dorsey W. M. McConnell was consecrated and seated as its current bishop in autumn 2012.
Nearby is St Columba's Church, Long Tower.
The archdiocese covers an area of 3,373 square miles, encompassing Staffordshire, the West Midlands, Warwickshire, Worcestershire and much of Oxfordshire as well as Caversham in Berkshire.
Chaplain of the Centre Hospitalier Regional in Namur, director of the Sacred Heart Parish, St. Charles and Vedrin Comogne.
At present, it comprises the whole civil districts of Dakshina Kannada and Udupi in Karnataka state.
It covers 18,000 km², and includes 18 towns and two townships in the municipality of La Esperanza.
The Roman Catholic Metropolitan Archdiocese of Kaunas is a Latin archdiocese of the Roman Catholic Church in Lithuania.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Toruń) is an diocese located in the city of Toruń in the Ecclesiastical province of Gdańsk in Poland.
The current Bishop of the Diocese is the Right Reverend John Davies.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ecatepec is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Tlalnepantla.
In 2004, the Catholic population, proportionately the largest in Scotland and second largest in Great Britain, was 165,100 from a total population of 633,000.
However, the appeals court also specified that the trial record had established several points of fact that could not be re-litigated during the property trial.
Bronislaw Bernacki is the current bishop of the diocese.
The dioceses of Speyer, Eichstätt, and Würzburg are subordinate to it.
The Territorial Prelature of Schneidemühl was a Roman Catholic territorial prelature in first Germany and then Poland.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Queenstown) is a diocese located in the city of Queenstown in the Ecclesiastical province of Cape Town in South Africa.
Since the creation of the episcopal area scheme in 1991, the diocese is divided into three episcopal areas each of which contains two archdeaconries:
The Diocese of Würzburg is a diocese of Catholic Church in Germany.
The episcopal see is the cathedral in Sées, and the diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Rouen.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Gboko) is a diocese located in the city of Gboko, Benue State in the Ecclesiastical province of Abuja in Nigeria.
It is the metropolitan archdiocese for the Roman Catholic Ecclesiastical Province of Detroit, which includes all dioceses in the state of Michigan.
Its cathedral episcopal see is a Cathedral of the Sacred Heart of Jesus, in the city of Shenyang, capital of Liaoning Province.
The Episcopal Diocese of Louisiana is the diocese of the Episcopal Church in the eastern part of the state of Louisiana.
The See of the jurisdiction was in Aden until 1973, when it was transferred to St. Joseph's Cathedral in Abu Dhabi.
At present there are twenty-three parishes in the diocese, located in Counties Mayo, Roscommon and Sligo.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of London is a Latin rite suffragan of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Toronto in Ontario, southeastern Canada.
Atagotaaluk retired at the end of 2012.
Finally in 1995 the parent diocese was split to form the Diocese of Cienfuegos and the Diocese of Santa Clara.
Pope John Paul II appointed Thierry Romain Camille Jordan as Archbishop of Reims in 1999.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Gbarnga) is a diocese located in the city of Gbarnga in the Ecclesiastical province of Monrovia in Liberia.
It has two more World Heritage Site, parish/convent churches in São Cristóvão, Sergipe: Igreja de Santa Casa de Misericórdia and Igreja e Convento de São Cruz.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Rourkela) is a diocese located in the city of Rourkela in the Ecclesiastical province of Cuttack-Bhubaneswar in India.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ávila) is a diocese located in the city of Ávila in the Ecclesiastical province of Valladolid in Spain.
The Archdiocese of Port-au-Prince is a metropolitan archdiocese, responsible for the suffragan dioceses of Jacmel, Jérémie, Anse-à-Veau and Miragoâne and Les Cayes.
As of 2004, the diocese contains 47 parishes, 53 active diocesan priests, 6 religious priests, and 61,000 Catholics.
The Diocese of Cloyne is a Roman Catholic diocese in Ireland.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Pinsk Latinorum, Belarusian: Пінская) is a Latin rite suffragan diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan Archbishopric of Minsk-Mohilev.
The territory of the present-day Diocese of Spokane has thirty-eight congregations and encompasses all of Washington east of the Cascades and the northern Idaho panhandle.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kabankalan is a diocese of the Catholic Church in central Philippines.
The Diocese of Angola is a diocese in the Anglican Church of Southern Africa, encompassing the entire country of Angola.
He was elected as Bishop of Swansea and Brecon on 29 January 2008.
It also has 171 Women Religious and 33 Religious Brothers.
The Archdiocese of Mobile is a Roman Catholic archdiocese comprising the lower 28 counties of Alabama.
Its cathedral, Saint John's Cathedral, Denver, is located in Denver, along with its offices.
directly subject to the Holy See, not part of any ecclesiastical province.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Larantuka) is a suffragan Latin diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan of Ende in Indonesia's Lesser Sunda Islands.
In the Multan Division, the districts of Multan, Vehari, Khanewal and Lodhran.
The Archdiocese has contributed to the welfare of the country through its schools, hospitals, orphanages and other institutions.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the Cattedrale di S. Demetrio Megalomartire dedicated to the marty Deemetrio, in Piana degli Albanesi, province of Palermo.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Angoulême is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
Its episcopal see is the Cathedral of Saint Joseph, which was constructed in 1933.
It is headquartered at Schönbergstrasse 9, D-81679 München, Germany.
The Eparchy of Sambir – Drohobych is an eparchy of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church, in the ecclesiastical province of Kyiv-Halych.
The eparchy includes ten civil districts of Karnataka, namely Bangalore, Bangalore Rural, Chikkaballapur, Kolar, Ramanagara, Tumkur, Mysore, Chamarajanagar, Mandya and Hassan.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Díli is a diocese located in the city of Díli in Timor-Leste.
The diocese was created on August 26, 2006 by splitting off the southern part of the Diocese of Myitkyina.
By 2004, the diocese of Thai Binh had about 116,399 believers, 42 priests and 64 parishes.
Retired archbishops are: Savino Bernardo Maria Cazzaro Bertollo and Eladio Vicuña Aránguiz.
It also lost territory in 1984 with the formation of the Diocese of Coatzacoalcos.
The archdiocese is a suffragan of Dijon and consequently no longer wears the pallium.
The Madhya Kerala Diocese is one of the twenty-four dioceses of the Church of South India covering the central part of Kerala.
For the diocese of the Episcopal Church, see Episcopal Diocese of San Joaquin.
Archbishop Carlson is assisted by Auxiliary Bishop Emeritus Robert Joseph Hermann.
It's jurisdiction, Cebu, is considered as the fount of Christianity in the Far East.
It is currently led by Archbishop Paul-André Durocher.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Beja is a suffragan of the archdiocese of Évora.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Salgueiro is a diocese located in the city of Salgueiro in the Ecclesiastical province of Olinda e Recife in Brazil.
The territory of the diocese of Ostuni was added to it in 1821.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kolda) is a diocese located in the city of Kolda in the Ecclesiastical province of Dakar in Senegal.
At that time it was known after its see, Siponto, and Sipontinus persisted as its Latin name.
It is responsible for the suffragan dioceses of Coatzacoalcos, Córdoba, Orizaba, Papantla, San Andrés Tuxtla, Tuxpan and Veracruz.
Since 20 March 2012 the bishop is Calogero Peri.
It is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Cologne.
However, the diocese has origins in colonial Virginia.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Moosonee is a Roman Catholic diocese that includes part of the Province of Ontario.
The diocese comprises the department of Bouches-du-Rhône, in the Region of Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Rafaela is in Argentina and is a suffragan diocese of Santa Fe de la Vera Cruz.
The Diocese of Perpignan was therefore re-established by papal bull in 1822, and was made suffragan to the Archdiocese of Albi.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Pontianak) is an archdiocese located in the city of Pontianak in West Kalimantan in Indonesia.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Les Cayes, erected 3 October 1861, is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Port-au-Prince.
It is currently governed by Archeparch Georges Nicholas Haddad, SMSP.
The Diocese of Visby is a division of the Church of Sweden consisting of Gotland.
The Voronezh Diocese (Russian: Воронежская епархия is an eparchy of the Russian Orthodox Church with its center in the city of Voronezh.
The diocese is governed by the Bishop of Honolulu.
The Diocesan Archives are maintained in Grafton Hall behind the Cathedral in Fond du Lac.
Mar George Punnakottil served as the bishop until January 10, 2013, when his resignation was accepted by the synod.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Curitiba is a Latin rite Metropolitan archdiocese in Paraná, southern Brazil.
Seat of the archbishop is the New St. Mary's Cathedral in Sankt Georg, Hamburg.
Christopher J. Coyne, formally an Auxiliary Bishop of Indianapolis, as the next diocesan bishop, replacing the Most Rev.
It is the biggest by population in the country.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ilorin) is a diocese located in the city of Ilorin in the Ecclesiastical province of Ibadan in Nigeria.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lurín) is a diocese located in the Lurín District in the Ecclesiastical province of Lima in Peru.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Vasai) is a diocese located in the city of Vasai in the Ecclesiastical province of Bombay in India.
The See city for the diocese is Sioux City.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Liège is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic church in Belgium.
The Cathedral, dedicated to The Annunciation and St. Nathy, is in Ballaghaderreen and was built in the 1850s.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Gliwice) is an diocese located in the city of Gliwice in the Ecclesiastical province of Katowice in Poland.
The Diocese of Tagum is a suffragan diocese of Davao Metropolitan.
The Roman Catholic Territorial Prelature of Cafayate is in Argentina and is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Salta.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Iquique) is a diocese located in the city of Iquique in the Ecclesiastical province of Antofagasta in Chile.
It is known for being a truly neutral radio station.
The cathedral church, the Patriarchal Cathedral of the Resurrection of Christ, as of 2013 was under construction in Kyiv.
It was an apostolic vicariate split out from the larger Vicariate of Nyanza in June 1894.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Oran is a Roman Catholic diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of Algiers in Algeria.
It is headed by the Archbishop of Dublin, who is also styled the Primate of Ireland.
The diocese itself is split into four deaneries: Northeast, Northwest, Southeast, and Southwest.
Moray was founded by Gregory in 1114, Ross by Macbeth in 1131 and Caithness by Aindréas of Caithness in 1146.
The Archdiocese of Dublin,, is a Roman Catholic archdiocese in eastern Ireland centred on the republic's capital city – Dublin.
Its suffragan dioceses are: Osorno, San Carlos de Ancud and Punta Arenas.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Columbus is a Roman Catholic diocese in the Ecclesiastical Province of Cincinnati covering 23 counties in the U.S. state of Ohio.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Gumla) is a diocese located in the city of Gumla in the Ecclesiastical province of Ranchi in India.
It was established by Pope John Paul II on June 28, 2003 by virtue of the Papal Bull Deus Caritas.
Diocese of Vologda and Veliky Ustyug is an eparchy of the Russian Orthodox Church.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Zhaoxian, Chinese: 趙縣) is a diocese located in the city of Zhaoxian in the Ecclesiastical province of Beijing in China.
The diocese is subdivided into 4 parishes.
Its see at Pesaro was elevated in status to archiepiscopal see in 2000.
It covers most of the provinces Värmland and Dalsland.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Cyangugu) is a diocese located in the city of Cyangugu in the Ecclesiastical province of Kigali in Rwanda.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cali is an archdiocese located in the city of Cali in Colombia.
Jana Chrzciciela, Przemyśl, Podkarpackie, dedicated to [[]], in the city of Przemyśl.
As of 2015 there was one priest for every 3,279 Catholics.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Konongo–Mampong–Mampongan(us)) is a diocese located in the city of Konongo–Mampong in the Ecclesiastical province of Kumasi in Ghana.
The diocese traces its roots to the founding of St. Paul's, Detroit in 1824.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Nanlong/Anlong, Chinese: 南龍, 安龍) is a diocese located in the city of Nanlong in the Ecclesiastical province of Guiyang in China.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Valence; French: Diocèse de Valence is a diocese of the Latin Church of the Roman Catholic Church in southern France.
The cathedral archiepiscopal see is St. Vitus Cathedral, in the Bohemian and Czech capital Prague, entirely situated inside the Prague Castle complex.
Bishop Jim Kelsey, the presiding bishop of the diocese, died in June 2007 in a car crash.
Ceneda began as a suffragan of the patriarchate of Aquileia until the latter's suppression in 1751.
The Ukrainian Catholic Archiepiscopal Exarchate of Krym was established on 13 February 2014 from the Ukrainian Catholic Archiepiscopal Exarchate of Odessa – Crimea.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Carabayllo) is a diocese located in the city of Carabayllo in the Ecclesiastical province of Lima in Peru.
The Diocese of Banská Bystrica is a Roman Catholic diocese in central Slovakia.
The Catholic Church teaches that the first Bishop of Rome was Saint Peter in the first century; the incumbent since 13 March 2013 is Pope Francis.
The Roman Catholic Metropolitan Archdiocese of Caracas is the Latin an ecclesiastical territory of the Roman Catholic Church in part of Venezuela.
The See of Fajardo–Humacao was canonically erected on May 11, 2008, and is a suffragan diocese of the Metropolitan Province of San Juan de Puerto Rico.
The Diocese was formed in 1891 when the Diocese of Mackenzie River, at that time in the Ecclesiastical Province of Rupert's Land, was divided into two.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of St. Augustine is a diocese of the Catholic Church's Latin Church in the U.S. state of Florida.
The Roman Catholic Territorial Prelature of Deán Funes is in Argentina and is a suffragan see of the Archdiocese of Córdoba.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Orizaba is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Jalapa.
St Francis Xavier's Cathedral, Wollongong is the seat of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Wollongong, currently the Most Reverend Peter Ingham.
The diocese was organized in 1784, five years before the Episcopal Church itself.
Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Damascus of the Maronites is an archeparchy of the Maronite Church.
The current bishop is Gretchen Rehberg, the first woman to lead the Diocese.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Punta Arenas is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Puerto Montt, in Chile.
The Archdiocese of Monterrey is a Roman Catholic Archdiocese located in Monterrey, Nuevo León, Mexico.
The jurisdiction of the diocese mainly covers the Eastern side of Uttar Pradesh.
Headquartered in Yakima, the diocese comprises Benton, Chelan, Douglas, Grant, Kittitas, Klickitat and Yakima Counties.
He was consecrated on May 1, 2012.
Since 2010, he has been serving as the Vice President of the Episcopal Conference of Panama.
The episcopal see is in Jesús María, Nayarit.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Cuenca) is a diocese located in the city of Cuenca in the Ecclesiastical province of Toledo in Spain.
The Diocese of Grosseto is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in Italy, a suffragan of the archdiocese of Siena-Colle di Val d'Elsa-Montalcino, in Tuscany.
The Archdiocese of Puerto Montt is a Metropolitan See of the Roman Catholic church, in Chile.
The Ursuline Sisters of Tildonk, Belgium established themselves in the same compound on January 13, 1903.
The newest congregation in Virginia is Grace and Glory Lutheran Church in Palmyra, Virginia which was founded in 2001.
The Archbishop-elect is the former auxiliary bishop, Bernard Bober, he succeeded Alojz Tkáč.
The Diocese of Des Moines is the Roman Catholic diocese for the southwestern quarter of the U.S. state of Iowa.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Sobral is a diocese located in the city of Sobral in the Ecclesiastical province of Fortaleza in Brazil.
It is one of the more prestigious archbishopships within the French church, and its holder is usually promptly made Cardinal.
The current bishop is Juan de Dios Mataflorida Pueblos, appointed in 1995.
Throughout its existence there was tension between the diocese, the Patriarchate of Grado to which it was nominally subordinate, and the Doge of Venice.
The Diocese of Alessandria is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in Piedmont, northern Italy.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Plzeň) is a diocese located in the city of Plzeň in the Ecclesiastical province of Prague in the Czech Republic.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jhabua) is a diocese located in the city of Jhabua in the Ecclesiastical province of Bhopal in India.
The 1859 General Convention of the Episcopal Church assigned New Mexico to the jurisdiction of the Missionary District of the Northwest under Josiah Cruickshank Talbot.
These are grouped into deaneries and subject to vicars-general who often coincide with auxiliary bishops.
Victor was parish priest at Khanewal in the Multan Diocese from 1979 to 1985.
Erected in 1975, the diocese is a suffragan of the archdiocese of Lisbon.
Its Cathedral is the Cathédrale Saints Odile in Bondoukou.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Cubao is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Naples.
As of 2009, of the 4.4 million citizens 38,918 are member of the Catholic Church.
The diocese is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Daegu.
The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Siena-Colle di Val d'Elsa-Montalcino.
The see is located in Angra do Heroísmo, in the Terceira island.
The seat of the bishop is at Belley Cathedral.
It is now the seat of a titular archbishopric, currently held by Archbishop Edward Joseph Adams, Apostolic Nuncio to Great Britain.
It is divided into 28 parishes, having 27 priests altogether.
Mar Joseph Kodakallil is the present bishop of the eparchy.
It is currently led by Bishop William McGrattan.
He is the author of various publications, a Consultant of the Pontifical Council for Social Communications, and is the Director of the ecclesiastical CIDSE.
Our hands," the ELCA emphasizes the saving grace of God through faith in Jesus Christ, unity among Christians and service in the world.
The Diocese of New Jersey currently has a total of 146 congregations.
The Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Irinjalakuda is situated in Irinjalakuda city of Thrissur District of Kerala, India.
The Episcopal Divinity School is located in the diocese.
The see of the diocese is in the city of Bjelovar, where the Cathedral of Saint Teresa of Avila is situated.
The Catholic Diocese of Wiawso) is a diocese located in Wiawso in the Ecclesiastical province of Cape Coast in Ghana.
It cathedral archiepiscopal see is Katedralja e Shen Shtjefnit Protomartir, dedicated to St. Stephen Protomartyr, in Shkoder, which city also has :
Its Cathedral episcopal see is the Catedral São Cristóvão, in Primavera do Leste.
As the prospects of evangelization among the tribals of Chotanagpur were bright, the first mission stations were opened among the Mundas.
The Archdiocese of Salerno-Campagna-Acerno is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in Campania, southern Italy, created in 1986.
David Somerville was one of the first bishops of the Canadian Church to ordain women.
He is also the rector of St. Andrew's Church, in Mount Pleasant, South Carolina.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tibú is located in the city of Tibú in the ecclesiastical province of Nueva Pamplona in Colombia.
The present bishop of Lund, Johan Tyrberg, succeeded Antje Jackelén in 2014.
The Eparchy of Budimlja and Nikšić or Budimlja–Nikšić is an eparchy of the Serbian Orthodox Church, covering parts of western, central and eastern Montenegro.
Albano Laziale is situated some 15 kilometers from Rome, on the Appian Way.
Established in 1895, it has the largest geographical reach of any diocese in the Episcopal Church, with approximately 7,000 members spread across 53 congregations.
On October 20, 2010 he was named ordinary Bishop.
The diocese is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Seoul.
There are currently 35 retired priests from the diocese and 4 who reside in parishes in the diocese.
It also has 84 Women Religious, and 10 Religious Brothers.
It is a suffragan diocese of the archdiocese of Mandalay.
One of its archbishops was the saint Torribio Mogrovejo.
Its episcopal see is located in the city of Laohekou.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Itapetininga is a diocese located in the city of Itapetininga in the Ecclesiastical province of Sorocaba in Brazil.
The Syro-Malankara Catholic Eparchy of Gurgaon was established by Pope Francis on 26 March 2015.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Diphu) is a diocese located in the city of Diphu in the Ecclesiastical province of Guwahati in India.
The diocese comprises the overseas dependency of the U.S. Virgin Islands, specifically the islands Saint Thomas, Saint Croix and Saint John.
Kryvyi Rih and Nikopol diocese - Eparchy of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church centered in Krivoy Rog, Ukraine; includes the western districts of Dnepropetrovsk region.
It is currently ruled by eparch Abdallah Elias Zaidan, MLM.
The Archdiocese has a growing population of Hispanic Catholics.
The diocese comprises the entire department of Seine-et-Marne.
It is the oldest bishopric in the country and one of the oldest north of the Alps.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Campina Grande is a suffragan Latin diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of Paraíba, in northeastern Brazil.
In 2013 Pope Francis appointed Auxiliary Bishop Ján Orosch as the next Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Trnava.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jamshedpur) is a diocese located in the city of Jamshedpur in the Ecclesiastical province of Ranchi in India.
It is one of eight suffragan dioceses which belong to the ecclesiastical province of Armagh.
In 1959 a new Diocese of Tlaxcala was created and is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Puebla de los Angeles, Puebla.
From 1120 to 1828 it was elevated to the status of archdiocese.
Not to be confused with the former Anglican Diocese of Westminster.
The Charlotte See is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Atlanta.
It was established in 1904 and has 42 congregations in 26 counties of the state.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cusco) is a Latin Metropolitan archdiocese with see in the city and old Inca imperial capital of Cusco, in Peru.
Its territories were taken from the present-day Archdiocese of Boston in the nearby state of Massachusetts.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Tucupita is a missionary circonscription of the Roman Catholic Church in Venezuela.
The diocese has experienced no jurisdictional changes, and is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Cebu.
Its episcopal see is located in the city of Kangding.
The current bishop is Jacques André Blaquart, who was appointed in 2010.
The diocese currently includes 92 parishes, including college campus ministries and Camp McDowell, the diocesan camp and conference center, located in Nauvoo, Alabama.
Erected as the Diocese of Kurunegala in 1987, from territory in the Diocese of Chilaw, the diocese is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Colombo.
It is divided into seven archdeaconries and has 61 parishes.
Before being elevated to an archdiocese itself in 2011 it was part of the Ecclesiastical province of Porto Alegre in Brazil.
Twenty-six men are studying for the priesthood.
It comprises Terrebonne and Lafourche parishes, the eastern part of St. Mary Parish including Morgan City, and Grand Isle in Jefferson Parish.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of San Fernando de La Union is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines.
Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Bosra and Hauran is an archeparchy of the Melkite Greek Catholic Church with is territory located in Syria.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Cape Palmas) is a diocese located in the city of Cape Palmas in the Ecclesiastical province of Monrovia in Liberia.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Pelplin; Kashubian: Pelplińskô diecezjô) is an diocese located in the city of Pelplin in the Ecclesiastical province of Gdańsk in Poland.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint-Étienne is a Latin Rite Catholic diocese in France, based in the city of Saint-Étienne in the Loire department.
This means that a little over 6% of the population in this area is Roman Catholic.
The Diocese itself was founded in 1785.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Rēzekne–Aglona is a diocese located in the cities of Rēzekne and Aglona in the Ecclesiastical province of Riga in Latvia.
The Roman Catholic Metropolitan Archdiocese of Ljubljana is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in Slovenia.
In conformity with the Code of Canons of the Eastern Churches, the Eparchy is under the direct jurisdiction of the Roman Pontiff.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ciudad Victoria is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Monterrey.
Its see at Santarém is north-east of Lisbon.
In 1957 it was renamed as the Diocese of Fréjus–Toulon.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Dinajpur is a diocese located in Dinajpur District, Rajshahi Division, in the Ecclesiastical province of Dhaka in Bangladesh.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Santiago de Veraguas is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Panamá.
The bishop's seat is the Cathedral Basilica of St. Augustine; the current bishop is Felipe de Jesús Estévez.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Sisak is a Latin rite suffragan diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan of Zagreb, in Sisak-Moslavina region, Croatia.
The diocesan offices are located at 138 Tremont Street, adjacent to the Cathedral Church of St. Paul.
The seat of the episcopal see is in Rousse, although the diocese is named after Nikopol.
The Diocese of Dunblane was founded in 1162.
The number of parishes was 161 in 2010, and half did not have a full-time priest.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Viterbo is a Catholic ecclesiastical territory in central Italy.
He was named on March, 4th, 2009, and has benn blessed on May, 24th, 2009.
Pope Paul VI created the episcopal see on October 7, 1963.
This diocese is the more Northern of the two, the other is Lebombo.
A number of parishes belongs to the Francisican Province of Herzegovina.
Others: Gianni Danzi, Prelate; Angelo Comastri, Prelate Emeritus; Pasquale Macchi, Prelate Emeritus; Loris Francesco Capovilla, Prelate Emeritus.
The creation of the diocese in its present form was declared on 24 November 1960.
It has an area of 4,338 km², with 469 parishes and a population of 1,094,237 [1].
The diocese of Iesi is a Catholic ecclesiastical territory in the Marche, Italy.
It is a relatively new diocese, having been spun off from the Episcopal Diocese of Michigan in 1994.
Before being elevated to an archdiocese in its own right on April 13, 2011 it was part of the Ecclesiastical province of Porto Alegre in Brazil.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Cleveland is a Roman Catholic diocese in Ohio.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Awasa is a Roman Catholic Apostolic Vicariate in central Ethiopia.
The state with most parishes is Texas, with 14
The Archdiocese publishes an Urdu-language weekly newspaper Agahi and an English-language weekly newspaper The Christian Voice, Karachi.
It was eventually out-competed by the earlier pagan religious centre Gamla Uppsala, which was raised to the status of archbishopric in 1164.
The first recorded worship from the Book of Common Prayer west of the Catawba River was in 1786.
Its see city is Santo Domingo, and its cathedral is the Cathedral of the Epiphany.
Currently, the Archdiocese of Hermosillo has three suffragan dioceses: Ciudad Obregón and Culiacán, and the newly created Nogales.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Sumbawanga is a diocese located in Sumbawanga in the Ecclesiastical province of Tabora in Tanzania.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Coroatá is a diocese located in the city of Coroatá in the Ecclesiastical province of São Luís do Maranhão in Brazil.
Its current Chancellor is Father Eric Dunn and its Vicar General is Father John Lacey.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Tierradentro in the Catholic Church is located in the town of Belalcázar in the municipality of Páez, Cauca, in Colombia.
St Mary's Cathedral located in Perth is the seat of the Catholic Archbishop of Perth, currently Timothy Costelloe, appointed in February 2012.
The ecclesiastical province of Thalassery came into existence on December 31, 1953 through the Papal bull `Ad Christi Ecclesiam Regendam' issued by Pope Pius XII.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Pesaro.
Decision of the Holy Synod on September 12, 1996 by Bishop Krivoy Rog and Nikopol was defined as Archimandrite Ephraim, inhabitants of Kiev-Pechersk Lavra.
Its cathedral, Christ Episcopal Cathedral, is in Salina.
The seat of the eparchy is in Vršac.
The diocese was created on November 25, 1961 from its metropolitan, the Archdiocese of Manila.
The Vicariate Apostolic of Mitú ia a Latin pre-diocesan jurisdiction of the Catholic Church in Colombia.
The diocese does not contain a cathedral church, though its offices are in Norfolk.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint-Flour is a Diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
It was elevated on July 13, 1967.
The current cathedral is Saint Anthony of Padua located in the center of Breda.
Pope Francis appointed on June 11, 2016 priest Marek Forgáč as new auxiliary bishop.
directly dependent on the Holy See, but is now a suffragan of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Salerno-Campagna-Acerno.
There are also 53 religious sisters active in the running of 16 secondary Catholic schools.
The Diocese of Kabankalan is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Jaro like the other two dioceses of Negros Occidental.
The area of the diocese began to fall in 1939, reaching its current proportions in 2008, a year before it became an archdiocese.
It is the Metropolitan see of the Ecclesiastical Province of St. John's, which also includes the suffragan dioceses of Grand Falls, and Corner Brook and Labrador.
As of 2016, the bishop is Manuel Pelino Domingues, appointed in 1998.
The eparchy is administered by Bishop Robert Rabbat.
Its cathedral episcopal see is Catedral Nossa Senhora da Evangelização, dedicated to Our Lady of Evangelization, located in the city of Luziânia, Goiás state.
The size of the diocese was nearly halved by the creation of the Diocese of Lake Charles on January 29, 1980.
On Thursday, November 26, 2009, it lost territory again when Pope Benedict XVI created another suffragan diocese for the Archdiocese of Mexico, the Diocese of Tenancingo.
Nandyal Diocese is a diocese of Church of South India in Andrapradesh state of India.
Bishop Pero Sudar serves as the auxiliary bishop.
The church was reconsecrated in 1534, and in 1795 the nave was lengthened, and new altars added, in the episcopate of Lorenzo Gómez de Haedo.
The archdiocese encompasses 4,620 km2 and an overwhelmingly Catholic population of 1,165,565.
The archdiocese's Marian mother church and thus seat of its archbishop is St. Mary's Cathedral in the national capital Dhaka.
On May 18, 1721, it was established as the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Făgăraș.
The Italian Catholic Diocese of Montepulciano-Chiusi-Pienza, in Tuscany, has existed in the current form since 1986.
In 1867, the Episcopal Church was the first Protestant church organized in Utah.
There are thirty-six priests involved in full-time parish ministry and seven involved in secondary education.
Its cathedral episcopal see is Catedral Santa Clara, dedicated to Saint Clara, in the city of Villarrica, Guairá Department.
The Diocese of Suwon is a particular church of the Latin Rite of the Catholic Church.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Amboina) is a diocese located in the city of Amboina in the Ecclesiastical province of Makassar in Indonesia.
There are about 50,000 Roman Catholics under the jurisdiction of the diocese.
The diocese is subdivided into three archdeaconries:
The original Diocese of Cienfuegos was erected in 1903 and renamed as the Diocese of Cienfuegos-Santa Clara in 1971.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Gandhinagar) is an archdiocese located in the city of Gandhinagar in India.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Santa Rosa de Lima is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Guatemala.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the Marian Katedral Santa Maria Diangkat ke Surga, in the national capital Jakarta.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kroonstad) is a diocese located in the city of Kroonstad in the Ecclesiastical province of Bloemfontein in South Africa.
The language used in the diocesan territory is Myanmar.
The Archeparchy's territorial jurisdiction includes the District of Columbia, Virginia, Maryland, New Jersey, and the eastern and central portions of Pennsylvania.
Whitfield, was appointed first Dean of Brandon in 1957.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Syracuse includes 237,546 Catholics residing in seven counties of Central and South Central New York State.
The Diocese is centered in the city of Subotica.
It is led by Bishop Daniel Fernández Torres.
The Most Reverend Richard Joseph Malone became the 14th bishop of the Buffalo Diocese, August 10, 2012.
The Diocese of Aberdeen and Orkney is one of the seven dioceses of the Scottish Episcopal Church.
Its mother church is the Cathedral of Saint John the Baptist.
The establishment of the Archdiocese of Beirut is attributed by tradition to the Apostle Quartus, one of the Seventy Apostles.
The seat of the Bishop of Suwon is at Jeongjadong Cathedral in Suwon, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea.
It was elevated to an Archdiocese on June 30, 1813.
In fact an all India seminar "The Church in India Today" paved the way to seriously discuss on this matter.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Chingleput) is a diocese located in the city of Chingleput in the Ecclesiastical province of Madras and Mylapore in India.
The diocese is a suffragan of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Fort-de-France, and both are members of the Antilles Episcopal Conference.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Huánuco is situated in Peru, is a diocese located in the city of Huánuco in the Ecclesiastical province of Huancayo.
It is a suffragan of the archdiocese of Ancona-Osimo.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Valledupar is a diocese located in the city of Valledupar in the Ecclesiastical province of Barranquilla in Colombia.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the Cathédrale Notre-Dame des Îles Marquises, dedicated to Mary, mother of Jesus at Taiohae, on Nuku Hiva, Marquesas islands.
The current Bishop is John Gerard Noonan.
The diocese comprises the entirety of Belize, the former British dependency British Honduras.
The Diocese was established in 1959 by dividing the Diocese of Tampere.
At a synod on 6 August 2013, Glenn Davies, an assistant bishop of the diocese, was elected to be the next Archbishop of Sydney.
Patna, Capital of Bihar, became an Archdiocese with four suffragans: Bettiah, Bhagalpur, Muzaffarpur and Purnea.
The Vicariate Apostolic of Puerto Gaitán in the Catholic Church is located in the town of Puerto Gaitán in Colombia.
It is administered under the Ecclesiastical province of Mombasa in Kenya.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Urdaneta is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines.
It is the oldest and smallest Catholic diocese of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the Cathedral of Sts.
The archdiocese is divided into six vicariates and 31 deaneries.
Art from several churches in the diocese is housed in its diocesan museum.
It was established on July 23, 1991, from the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Madrid.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ballarat, based in Ballarat, Australia, is a diocese in the ecclesiastical province of Melbourne.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Vijayawada) is a diocese located in the city of Vijayawada in the Ecclesiastical province of Visakhapatnam in India.
The Diocese of Southern Virginia was created as a split from the Diocese of Virginia in 1892.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Nanning, Chinese: 南寧) is an archdiocese located in the city of Nanning in China.
The Diocese of Rožňava is a Roman Catholic diocese in southern Slovakia.
There are 82 parishes in the diocese.
Erected in 1966, the diocese was split off from the Diocese of Versailles, and the Archdiocese of Paris.
Today, the Ecclesiastical Province of Lipa covers Batangas and suffragan territories in the civil provinces of Quezon, Marinduque, and Aurora.
It remanded the property questions to the lower court to decide on "neutral" principles.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Szombathely is a Latin rite suffragan diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan Veszprém in Hungary.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Weetebula) is a suffragan Latin diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan of Kupang in Indonesia.
Jacek Pyl is an auxiliary bishop and is based in Simferopol.
It is a suffragan see to the Archdiocese of Tlalnepantla.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the Cathedral of the Immaculate Heart of Mary, located in the city of Naha.
The current is the Cathedral of St. Andrew the Apostle, in Peoria.
It is divided into 28 parishes, having 27 priests altogether.
Its cathedral is dedicated to the Assumption of Mary and is located in the Adriatic port town of Koper.
The diocese was established on 15 November 1955 by Pope Pius XII by means of the Bulla Christianorum qui in Diocesibus.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ziguinchor) is a diocese located in the city of Ziguinchor in the Ecclesiastical province of Dakar in Senegal.
It was elevated to an eparchy on September 12, 2005.
The Diocese of Oulu is a diocese within the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Resistencia is in Argentina and is a metropolitan diocese.
Erected in the 5th century, the Episcopal see is Vannes Cathedral in the city of Vannes.
Originally much larger, today it covers just the Isle of Man and its adjacent islets.
There were 900,000 registered Catholics in the Archdiocese as of 2010.
25 Ping'an Alley, Chengdu City, Sichuan, China.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Trebinje-Mrkan is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Catholic Church in Herzegovina.
It is one of six suffragan dioceses in the ecclesiastical province of Cashel.
Its cathedral episcopal see is Katedral Roh Kudus, located in the city of Weetebula, Nusa Tenggara Timur.
There is a traditional charity centre called Nhà Dục Anh in the northwest side of the Bùi Chu Cathedral.
Prior to his new appointment, Bishop James had been the bishop of Diocese of Beauvais, Noyon, and Senlis.
He was Born 12 July 1961 at Kashumba, Bukanga.He was Ordained Priest on 13 July 1991 at Mbarara Diocese.
The Archdiocese of Częstochowa) is an archdiocese located in the city of Częstochowa in Poland.
In 2013 in the diocese of Ischia there was one priest for every 1,628 Catholics.
The cathedral episcopal see is the Marian Immaculate Conception Cathedral, in Darjeeling, West Bengal state, India.
The Episcopal Diocese of San Joaquin is a diocese of the Episcopal Church, located in central California with its headquarters in Modesto.
The most significant jurisdictional changes all occurred during the Napoleonic wars.
Alvise M. Ganrielli restored many churches and the seminary.
St. Mary's Cathedral is the seat of the diocese and is located in Colorado Springs.
Suffragan to the Archdiocese of Bordeaux, the episcopal see is La Rochelle Cathedral.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Yingkou/Yingkow, Chinese: 營口) is a diocese located in the city of Yingkou in the Ecclesiastical province of Shenyang 瀋陽 in China.
The Catholic Diocese of Honolulu, officially in Latin Dioecesis Honoluluensis, is an ecclesiastical territory or particular church of the Catholic Church in the United States.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Roseau is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Caribbean.
It is a historic church territory in Tuscany, suffragan of the Archdiocese of Siena.
Its area is the majority of Jamaica, including its capital, Kingston.
Other Belgian Jesuits came to Ranchi in 1877 to act as military chaplains to the troops at Doranda.
It was elevated on 30 April 1991.
C.S.Sp, the Clergy and lay Faithful decided to hold a diocesan synod, a "Synod for True Christian Identity."
The Archdiocese of Trnava is a Roman Catholic archdiocese in western Slovakia including bigger part of the Trnava, and parts of Nitra and Trenčín regions.
The diocese was erected by Pope Pius XI on 3 December 1938.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Magangué is a diocese located in the city of Magangué in the Ecclesiastical province of Cartagena in Colombia.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Iguatu is a diocese located in the city of Iguatu in the Ecclesiastical province of Fortaleza in Brazil.
The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Reims.
During this period, Ankawa and Erbil became the center of Christian life in Iraq.
The cathedral church of Ss Peter and Paul is situated in Ennis, County Clare.
The Archdiocese of Seville is part of the Catholic Church in Seville, Spain.
The Episcopal Diocese of Tennessee is the diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America that covers roughly Middle Tennessee.
The diocese covers most of Dorset, and most of Wiltshire.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Katsina-Ala- Alen(sis) is a diocese located in the city of Katsina-Ala in the Ecclesiastical province of Abuja in Nigeria.
It cathedral episcopal see is Catedral Senhora Sant’Ana, dedicated to St. Anne, in Uruguaiana.
Parishes number 47 and the archdiocese extends over central New Zealand between Levin and Masterton in the north to Kaikoura to Westport in the south.
The Catholic Church in the Philippines is organized into 72 dioceses in 16 Ecclesiastical Provinces, as well as 7 Apostolic Vicariates and a Military Ordinariate.
At the time of the Concordat of 1802, the ancient Diocese of Lisieux was united to that of Bayeux.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Norwich is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory or diocese in Connecticut and New York.
Originally a part of the Archdiocese of San Francisco and the Diocese of Sacramento, the present-day diocese was established in 1962.
The diocese divided in 1983, the Episcopal Diocese of Fort Worth was formed from the division.
The Roman Catholic Vicariate Apostolic of Pando is an apostolic vicariate located in the city of Riberalta in Bolivia.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tulle is a Roman Catholic diocese in Tulle, France.
The Diocese of Urgell is a Roman Catholic diocese in Spain and Andorra, with origins in the fifth century AD or possibly earlier.
The Diocese of Buffalo is a Roman Catholic diocese headquartered in Buffalo, New York, United States.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Muranga) is a diocese located in the city of Muranga in the Ecclesiastical province of Nyeri in Kenya.
List of Bishops in the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts
and a Minor Basilica : Bazylika Matki Bożej Rokitniańskiej, Rokitno
It is a suffragan of the Metropolitan Archbishopric of Florence.
On Monday, March 30, 2015, the Rev.
It includes all of the churches located in the counties of Hordaland and Sogn og Fjordane in Western Norway.
The Archdiocese of San Fernando is a metropolitan archdiocese of the Catholic Church in the Republic of the Philippines.
It is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Guwahati.
Ecclesiastically, the entire Mindanao area was under the Diocese of Cebu since 1595, until some parts were placed under the jurisdiction of Jaro in 1865.
The diocese covers an area of 52,288 km².
The Archdiocese is the Metropolitan responsible for the suffragan Dioceses of Bridgetown, Georgetown, Paramaribo and Willemstad, and is a member of the Antilles Episcopal Conference.
It is currently the seventeenth largest diocese in the United States by population, encompassing the counties of Ashland, Cuyahoga, Geauga, Lake, Lorain, Medina, Summit, and Wayne.
Its bishop since 1990 has been Petru Gherghel, previously Apostolic Administrator since 1978.
Its diocesan bishop is the Bishop of Derby who has his seat at Derby Cathedral.
The current Archbishop is Ricardo Ezzati Andrello.
Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Beirut is an archeparchial seat of the Maronite Church immediately subject to the Holy See in Lebanon.
Bishops Eskil and Henry Stangberg published synodal statutes with a view to reforming both clergy and laity.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Teresina is an archdiocese located in the city of Teresina in Brazil.
He retired in June 2010, and was succeeded by John Sheridan Smylie, former rector of St. Mark's Episcopal Church in Casper, Wyoming.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Gorizia.
The 7th and current Diocesan bishop is The Right Reverend José Antonio McLoughlin, who was ordained and consecrated on October 1, 2016.
The International Diocese originated from the fact that many congregations in the United States were under the authority of foreign Anglican churches.
The episcopal see is the Portsmouth Cathedral and is headed by the Bishop of Portsmouth.
If true, the total area of the diocese would be 14,657,051 square miles, making it the largest Catholic diocese in existence.
Erected as the Diocese of Castries in 1956 from its then-metropolitan see of Port of Spain, it was elevated as an archdiocese in November 1974.
The diocese was raised to the dignity of a metropolitan archdiocese on February 12, 1875.
The cathedral city is Stavanger, where the Stavanger Cathedral is located.
Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of Miami is a separate non-profit organization operated by the archdiocese.
The Diocese of Killaloe is a Roman Catholic diocese in mid-western Ireland.
The diocese was separated from the Diocese of Melbourne in 1902, at the same time as the creation of the dioceses of Wangaratta and Gippsland.
Its cathedral archiepiscopal see and mother church, located in the city of Bahía Blanca, is the Cathedral of Our Lady of Mercy.
The Diocese of Haarlem-Amsterdam is a Latin diocese of the Catholic Church in the Netherlands.
Andrews was consecrated at St Paul's Cathedral, Kamloops, on October 18, 2009.
The diocese comprises the department of Côtes d'Armor in the Region of Brittany.
The Archdiocese of Wrocław is a Latin Rite archdiocese of the Catholic Church named after its capital Wrocław in Poland.
The see is vacant since 1966, without any Apostolic administrator.
The Archdiocese comprises the departements of Cher and Indre in the Region of Val de Loire.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Naval is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines.
The Roman Catholic Apostolic Vicariate of Thessaloniki is an Apostolic Vicariate of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in northern continental Greece.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of El Alto is a diocese located in the city of El Alto in the Ecclesiastical province of La Paz in Bolivia.
The seat of the archbishop is St Andrew's Cathedral, Glasgow.
The current bishop is Emmanuel T. Cabajar, C.Ss.R, a Redemptorist priest who was appointed on May 14, 2004.His episcopal ordination was on August 14, 2004.
There is also a Romanian Orthodox Archbishop of Alba Iulia and a Greek Catholic Archdiocese of Făgăraş and Alba Iulia.
Despite the name, its cathedral is located not in Monmouth but in Newport — the Cathedral Church of St Woolos.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bruges, is a suffragan diocese in ecclesiastical province of the primatial Metropolitan archdiocese of Mechelen-Brussels.
The name of the diocese was changed from the Tarbes to the Diocese of Tarbes et Lourdes on 20 April 1912.
Diocese of Syunik is one of the largest dioceses of the Armenian Apostolic Church covering the Syunik Province of Armenia.
The Slovene language is, together with German, the language of church services in 69 southern parishes of the diocese.
In 1970 in Saint-Flour there were 264 priests; in 2010 there were 85.
The prelature leadership is currently vacant following the resignation of Bishop Georg Müller in 2009 and is being administered by Bernt Eidsvig, Bishop of Oslo.
Following the retirement of Paul Marshall on December 31, 2013, the diocese's ecclesiastical authority rested in its Standing Committee.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of La Rochelle and Saintes is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Belo Horizonte is an archdiocese located in the city of Belo Horizonte in Brazil.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Manizales is an archdiocese located in the city of Manizales in Colombia.
It is in the ecclesiastical province of Armagh.
It has existed in its current form since 1986.
He is not to be confused with the deceased Cardinal Salvatore Pappalardo, Archbishop of Palermo.
By 2004, the Diocese of Bùi Chu had about 380,130 believers, 58 priests and 129 parishes.
Its cathedral of the episcopal see is Sé Catedral de Nossa Senhora da Conceição, dedicated to Our Lady of the Conception, in Leiria
The Archbishop of Daegu, whose seat is at Kyesan Cathedral in Daegu, is Metropolitan bishop for the Dioceses of Andong, Cheongju, Masan, and Busan.
The current Bishop is Joaquín María López de Andújar y Cánovas del Castillo.
The eparchy is a suffragan of the Syro-Malabar Catholic Archeparchy of Thrissur.
Its cathedral episcopal see is Catedral São José, dedicated to Saint Joseph, in the city of Itabuna.
R. Walker Nickless was ordained as bishop of Sioux City on 20 January 2006.
It was elevated to an apostolic vicariate in January 1956 and to the Diocese of Hamilton in Bermuda in June 1967.
Bishop Chakkalakal was ordained to the presbyterate for the Diocese of Calicut on April 2, 1981.
Its seat is Eichstätt, and it is subordinate to the archbishop of Bamberg.
The diocese is coextensive with the Department of Calvados and is a suffragan to the Archdiocese of Rouen, which is also in Normandy.
The diocese was established in 1970 from the Archdiocese of Nueva Segovia.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Joinville is a suffragan Latin diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan of Florianópolis in Santa Catarina state, southern Brazil.
Its see at Porto is in the Norte region, and the second largest city in Portugal.
It is the largest diocese, by area, in the United States east of the Mississippi River.
The Archdiocese is the Metropolitan of the Diocese of Kaposvár and the Diocese of Szombathely.
The Archdiocese is the centre of the Ecclesiastical Province of Liverpool which covers the north of England as well as the Isle of Man.
The diocese is one of six Catholic jurisdictions in Albania.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Enugu) is a diocese located in the city of Enugu in the Ecclesiastical province of Onitsha in Nigeria.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Achonry is a Roman Catholic diocese in the western part of Ireland.
The Diocese is formed of 10 parishes serving just over 200,000 Catholics, who represent more than 98% of the area's population.
Oslo bishopric is the Church of Norway's bishopric for the municipalities of Oslo, Asker and Bærum.
The Cathedral of Our Lady Immaculate and St Thomas of Canterbury is the mother church of the Diocese.
The diocesan centre is St. Andrew's Cathedral in Inverness.
On 29 July 2016, Freeman officially retired.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bathurst is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Moncton.
Since September 2008 Giuseppe Betori is the new Archbishop; the former Archbishop, Cardinal Ennio Antonelli, was named President of the Pontifical Council for the Family.
Poona was erected into a Vicariate Apostolic by dismemberment from Bombay on March 8, 1854, and entrusted to the society of Jesus.
The Concordat of 1802 added to the see besides the ancient Diocese of Poitiers a part of the Diocese of La Rochelle and Saintes.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Granada en Colombia is a diocese located in the city of Granada in the Ecclesiastical province of Villavicencio in Colombia.
The cathedral and administrative centre is St Paul’s Cathedral in Dundee.
The Anglican Diocese of Armidale is a diocese of the Anglican Church of Australia located in the state of New South Wales.
Originally part of the Ecclesiastical Province of New Orleans, it was subsequently elevated on August 3, 1926, to a metropolitan archdiocese.
The Diocese has only a few congregations in the Appalachian portion of the southeastern corner of the state.
As of 2008, the bishop is Gilberto Délio Gonçalves Canavarro dos Reis, who was appointed in 1998.
The cathedral is Newcastle Cathedral and the bishop is Christine Hardman.
Historically, many Rome-born people, as well as those born on the Italian Peninsula have served as Bishops of Rome.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Koforidua) is a diocese located in the city of Koforidua in the Ecclesiastical province of Accra in Ghana.
Pope Leo XIII created the Diocese of Trenton in 1881, carving it out of the Diocese of Newark, which then covered all of New Jersey.
The Archdiocese of Reggio Calabria-Bova is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in Calabria, southern Italy.
It was first erected on 9 August 1329, and was re-erected on 1 September 1886.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jacmel, erected 25 February 1988, is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Port-au-Prince.
Minor Basilica and World Heritage Site Basilica Concattedrale di S. Marino, in Città di San Marino, San Marino.
The province and diocese have a Marian second Minor Basilica: Santuario-Basilica della Madonna del Transito Santuario, in Canoscio.
The archdiocese has two districts, Eastern and Western, which are divided among the languages Waray and Cebuano.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Maringá is an archdiocese located in the city of Maringá in Brazil.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Cabimas is a diocese located in the city of Cabimas in the Ecclesiastical province of Maracaibo in Venezuela.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Coroico is a diocese located in the city of Coroico in the Ecclesiastical province of La Paz in Bolivia.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Nakuru) is a diocese located in the city of Nakuru in the Ecclesiastical province of Nairobi in Kenya.
Since its creation until December 2010, bishop Abraham Mkrtchyan has served as its primate.
The diocese comprises 62 congregations in the Upstate and Midlands regions of the U.S. state of South Carolina.
Bruce Caldwell was the 8th Bishop of Wyoming.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Roermond is a Latin diocese of the Catholic Church in the Netherlands.
The cathedral of the diocese, also known as its mother church, is Holy Redeemer Cathedral in Belize City.
The diocese is currently led by Bishop Victor Alejandro Corral Mantilla.
Today it is a Protestant church and is commonly known as the "Grote Kerk".
It is one of the two Anglican dioceses of Mozambique.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Keimoes–Upington – Upingtonen(sis)) is a diocese located in the city of Keimoes–Upington in the Ecclesiastical province of Bloemfontein in South Africa.
Before 1877 the area was part of the Diocese of Winchester.
The diocese was founded in 1850 as one of the first post-Reformation Catholic dioceses in Great Britain.
The diocese comprises 36 parishes served by 74 priests.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Shenyang, Chinese: 瀋陽, 奉天) is a Latin Metropolitan archdiocese in northeastern PR China.
The seat of the diocese is the Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity in Carlisle.
It is in Province 8 and encompasses some 50 congregations.
The Cathedral of Saint Joseph is located in Jefferson City.
Since 1801 the Metz diocese is a public-law corporation of cult.
The Diocese of San Ambrosio de Linares, a suffragan Diocese of Santiago de Chile, is located in the geographical center of the country.
It has its cathedral episcopal see Cathedral of the Immaculate Heart of Mary in the city of Datong but is vacant.
It was elevated to archdiocesan status on March 10, 1962.
The diocese of Qui Nhơn is a Roman Catholic diocese in central Vietnam.
In 2006 the diocese was renamed the Diocese of Carcassonne and Narbonne.
Christ Church Cathedral is not a Catholic church and is the southernmost Anglican cathedral in the world, consecrated in 1892.
The so called Anglican Diocese and individual parishes have consistently been ruled against by the courts over the years.
The Diocese of Westminster was a short-lived diocese of the Church of England, extant from 1540–1550.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Vic) is a diocese with its seat in the city of Vic in the ecclesiastical province of Tarragona in Spain.
The Italian Catholic Archdiocese of Sant’Angelo dei Lombardi-Conza-Nusco-Bisaccia, in Campania, has existed since 1986.
The diocese was disputed as suffragan between the archdioceses of Hamburg-Bremen and Canterbury.
The Bishop has his seat at the Cathedral Basilica of Notre Dame and St. Privat in Mende.
The diocese covers an area of 6,025 km², with 48,9% just under half of the population is catholic.
St. Peter’s Malankara Catholic Church, Pathanamthitta serves as the Cathedral Church for this Eparchy.
It is part of the Ecclesiastical province of Burgos.
It is currently headed by Archbishop Luc Ravel, in office since February 2017.
Vrhbosna's cathedral is the Cathedral of the Sacred Heart in Sarajevo.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Ingwavuma is a Roman Catholic apostolic Vicariate located in the city of Ingwavuma in South Africa.
It is a suffragan of the diocese of Vercelli.
The prelate is a bishop serving as pastor of the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception.
The Diocese of Roskilde is a diocese within the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Denmark.
Again on June 5, 1971 the Diocese of Daltonganj, comprising the civil districts of Hazaribagh, and Palamau was carved out of the Archdiocese of Ranchi.
Since 1911 it has formed part of the Province of Liverpool.
Today, the See of Santa Rosa in California remains a suffragan of the ecclesiastical province of the Archdiocese of San Francisco.
Much of the territory had earlier been part of the Diocese of Konstanz.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Carapeguá is a diocese located in the city of Carapeguá in the Ecclesiastical province of Asunción in Paraguay.
As of 2005, 101,689 of the 660,000 people in the area are member of the Catholic Church.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Huajuapan de León is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Puebla de los Angeles.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Guanare is a diocese located in the city of Guanare in the Ecclesiastical province of Barquisimeto in Venezuela.
It encompasses the southern half of Colorado, from Utah to the west, to Kansas in the east.
The cathedral church of the diocese is Rochester Cathedral in the former city of Rochester.
There are 36 educational and 4 charitable institutions.
The diocese comprises Caloocan City-South, Malabon City, and Navotas City.
The Roman Catholic Metropolitan Archdiocese of Guayaquil is an archdiocese located in the city of Guayaquil in Ecuador.
Emmanuel Kerketta, the diocesan administrator and previous Vicar General, as the new bishop of Jashpur.
It comprises 25,490 members in 92 congregations.
It is divided into 69 parishes with a total population of over 660,000 people.
The area has a long history within the Roman Catholic Church.
The Eparchy of Banat is an ecclesiastical territory or eparchy of the Serbian Orthodox Church in the Banat region, Serbia.
The [Arch]Diocese of Rome is the metropolitan diocese of the Province of Rome, an ecclesiastical province in the Episcopal Conference of Italy.
The Archbishopric of Taranto is a metropolitan Roman Catholic diocese in southern Italy, on a bay in the Gulf of Taranto.
The current Bishop of Sacramento is Jaime Soto, who was named coadjutor in October 2007 and succeeded Bishop William Weigand on Sunday November 30, 2008.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Galle is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Sri Lanka.
As a part of the Reformed Episcopal Church, the diocese became part of the Anglican Church in North America upon its creation in 2009.
The Vicariate Apostolic of Northern Germany was known for most of its existence as the Vicariate Apostolic of the Northern Missions, established on 28 April 1667.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Pasto is a diocese located in the city of Pasto in the Ecclesiastical province of Popayán in Colombia.
The Diocese of Coimbra is a Roman Catholic diocese in Coimbra, Portugal.
The Archdiocese also operates the well-known St. Joseph's Seminary, commonly referred to as Dunwoodie.
The diocese comprises the whole of the island of Corsica.
The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Turin.
It was later elevated to a metropolitan archdiocese on April 27, 1892.
The Archeparchy of Lviv is an archeparchy of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kitui) is a diocese located in the city of Kitui in the Ecclesiastical province of Nairobi in Kenya.
Chaldean Catholic Eparchy of Saint Peter the Apostle is one of two eparchies of the Chaldean Catholic Church sui iuris in the USA.
In 1995, the Metropolis of Bessarabia was raised to the rank of exarchate, with jurisdiction over the territory of Moldova.
The Diocese of Spokane started as a missionary district in the mid-1860s.
Erected in the 4th century, the diocese is currently suffragan to the Archdiocese of Reims.
The archdiocese is a member of the Antilles Episcopal Conference.
Among its patron saints the city venerates St. Lontius, bishop and martyr, and St. Theodore and St. Apollonius, bishops and confessors in the fourth century.
The historical Diocese of Potenza was united with the Diocese of Marsico Nuovo in 1818.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Rondonópolis-Guiratinga is a diocese located in the city of Rondonópolis in the Ecclesiastical province of Cuiabá in Brazil.
The Diocese of Tempio-Ampurias is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in Sardinia, Italy.
Joseph G. Hanefeldt was announced as successor on January 14, 2015, and was installed on March 19th, 2015.
The archdiocese's first cathedral church is St. Mary Cathedral Basilica in Galveston, with a co-cathedral, the Co-Cathedral of the Sacred Heart, located in Downtown Houston.
The Diocese was founded in 1007 out of parts of the dioceses of Eichstätt and Würzburg.
About 25% of the entire population are settlers and refugees from the Democratic Republic of Congo, Rwanda, the Sudan, and other national ethnic groups.
directly subject to the Holy See, not part of any ecclesiastical province.
The Diocese of Colombo is based in Colombo, Sri Lanka.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Itapipoca is a diocese located in the city of Itapipoca in the Ecclesiastical province of Fortaleza in Brazil.
It is officially a full member diocese of ACNA since June 2013.
The cathedral episcopal see is Katedrála Božského Spasitele, dedicated to the Divine Saviour, in Ostrava, and it also has
The mother church of the diocese is the Cathedral of the Holy Angels in Gary, Indiana.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Feira de Santana is an archdiocese located in the city of Feira de Santana in Brazil.
Neighboring dioceses are Auchi to the north, Issele-Uku to the south and Benin City to the west.
The current Bishop of Cochin is Bishop Joseph Kariyil, appointed by Pope Benedict XVI on May 8, 2009.
In 2000, the archdiocese had 18 parishes, 15 in the city of Karachi and one each in mission stations at Kotri, Khuzdar and Larkana.
The Episcopal Diocese of Oklahoma dates back to 1837 as a Missionary District of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Imperatriz is a suffragan Latin diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan of São Luís do Maranhão in northeastern Brazil.
It is a suffragan of the archdiocese of Ancona-Osimo.
The current bishop is Peter Liu Cheng-chung, appointed in January 2006.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Mawlamyine is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Burma.
The Diocese of Lucknow is a diocese of Church of North India headquartered in the city of Allahabad.
The Territorial Prelature of Illapel is a territorial prelature located in the city of Illapel in the Ecclesiastical province of La Serena in Chile.
Educational institutions consist of two schools for the disabled, 60 elementary/middle schools, 13 high schools, two universities, and two seminaries.
The Major Archeparchy of Kiev–Galicia, or Kyiv–Halych is the only major archeparchy of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church.
The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Florence.
The diocese has not undergone any jurisdictional changes.
The current Archbishop of Hermosillo is Ruy Rendon Leal.
The diocese comprises 50 full-fledged parishes, 2 quasi-parishes, 2 sub-parishes and 1 non-parochial shrine.
He is assisted by several auxiliary bishops.
The Archdiocese is in the southern part of Bangladesh and covers 33% of the total surface of the country, making it physically its largest diocese.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Fargo is a Roman Catholic diocese in the American state of North Dakota.
The Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Satna is an Eastern Catholic eparchy in India, under the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Catamarca is in Argentina and is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Salta.
The Roman Catholic Territorial Prelature of Jesús María is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Guadalajara in Mexico.
It has a Cathedral episcopal see, Catedral Nuestra Señora de la Asunción, in Sololá, and a Co-Cathedral Concatedral Santa Ana, in Chimaltenango.
In Kerala, there were until April 2015 three other CSI Dioceses viz: North Kerala Diocese, Madhya Kerala Diocese, East Kerala Diocese.
From 1281 until 1802, the Bishopric of Paderborn was also a state of the Holy Roman Empire.
Marcello Costalunga from 10 Dec 1990 to 5 May 2010
They adopted the Theological Statement of the Common Cause Partnership and elected an Executive Committee.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Azogues is a diocese located in the city of Azogues in the Ecclesiastical province of Cuenca in Ecuador.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Châlons is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Châlons-sur-Marne, France.
The archbishop has his Cathedral archiepiscopal see: Bazylika Archikatedralna Wniebowzięcia NMP i św.
The diocese comprises six local government areas in the northern portion of Delta State.
It encompasses an area of 6,218 square miles including the counties of Clinton, Eaton, Genesee, Hillsdale, Ingham, Jackson, Lenawee, Livingston, Shiawassee and Washtenaw.
It is part of Province 2 of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.
The Metropolitan Archdiocese of Cebu is one of the ecclesiastical provinces of the Roman Catholic Church in the Philippines.
The current eparch is John Michael Botean.
The current bishop is Renauld Marie François Dupont de Dinechin, appointed on 30 October 2015.
CANA was initially a missionary initiative of the Anglican Church of Nigeria for Nigerians living in the United States.
The Italian Latin Catholic Diocese ofTeggiano-Policastro, in Campania, has existed since 1850, under its present name since 1986.
The diocese comprises the entire department of Aude.
He coasted along the shores of Davao Oriental where he established the first settlement, that of Caraga.
Currently, its Archeparch is Archbishop Lawrence Huculak.
The Pope appointed as the next Archbishop of San Luis Potosí, Bishop José Carlos Cabrero Romero, a native of SLP.
The mother house of the religious society the Jericho Benedictines is in the village of Kilbarchan, near the town of Johnstone within the diocese.
He received episcopal ordination on December 11, 2004.
The Military Archbishopric of Spain is a military ordinariate of the Roman Catholic Church.
What we call Awgu Diocese today is therefore a historical effect of synthetic, missionary roles and contributes from Eke and Uturu Catholic Missions.
The Cathedral of Győr is dedicated to Blessed Virgin Mary.
C.S.Sp, began to pilot the administrative reins.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lagos {Lagosen(sis) in Latin} is the Metropolitan See for the Ecclesiastical province of Lagos in Nigeria.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Grand-Bassam is a diocese located in the city of Grand-Bassam in the Ecclesiastical province of Abidjan in Côte d'Ivoire.
In 2011, the Diocese of Imus celebrated the Golden Jubilee of its establishment.
Being the first see in the New World north of Mexico, the Archdiocese of Québec is also the primatial see for Canada.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bangued is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Irecê is a diocese located in the city of Irecê in the Ecclesiastical province of Feira de Santana in Brazil.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Gary is a particular church of the Roman Catholic Church in the United States of America.
Following the resignation of bishop John Magee, the diocese was administered by its metropolitan, Dermot Clifford, until the installation of William Crean on 27 January 2013.
Bishop Louis Albert Joseph Roger Sankalé, appointed on March 28, 2005, tendered his resignation on August 8, 2013.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Prague is a Metropolitan Catholic archdiocese of the Latin Rite in Bohemia, in the Czech Republic.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Nanyang, Chinese: 南陽) is a diocese located in the city of Nanyang in the Ecclesiastical province of Kaifeng in China.
The current bishop of Cesena-Sarsina is Douglas Regattieri.
Križa, dedicated to Exaltation of the Holy Cross, in the city of Sisak,
It currently has no cathedral since its former Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception, in Luang Prabang, has been secularized.
Bishops of Bondoukou have been Félix Kouadjo and Alexandre Kouassi
He served until his death in 2012.
The Basilica of Immaculate Conception, Phu Nhai is one of them.
The Diocese of Willemstad was erected in 1752 as the Prefecture Apostolic of Curaçao.
The cathedral of the diocese is St. Vincent's Cathedral in Bedford.
The cathedral seat was originally in Quincy but was moved to St. Paul's Cathedral in Peoria in 1963.
The diocese covers area of 8.368 km sq, with 175.395 Catholic in 66 parishes of the diocese.
On 2013 July 16, Pope Francis accepted the resignation of Mar Simon Stock Palathara, CMI and appointed Mar Joseph Kollamparampil as the new bishop.
Before 1959 the territory was part of the Diocese of Saltillo.
The Syro-Malabar Catholic Archeparchy of Kottayam is an eparchy of the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church in India for Knanaya Catholics.
It is currently led by bishop Gerard de Korte.
It has two cathedrals: the Cathedral of Our Merciful Saviour in Faribault and St. Mark's Episcopal Cathedral in Minneapolis.
Prior to its elevation to an archdiocese in 2011 it belonged to the Ecclesiastical province of Luanda.
Its cathedral episcopal see is St Francis Xavier Cathedral, in Geraldton, Western Australia.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Oberá is a Catholic diocese located in the city of Oberá in the Ecclesiastical province of Corrientes in Argentina.
It comprises Lolland and Falster as well as a number of smaller islands in the south-eastern corner of Denmark.
It was the last diocese in the Anglican Church of Australia to admit women to the diaconate, ordaining Margaret Holt as deacon in April 2017.
After the victory of Napoleon, the diocese was united with the diocese of Zytomir and Zytomirsk, into the diocese of Lutzk, Zhitomir and Kamenetz.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tete is a diocese located in the city of Tete in the Ecclesiastical province of Beira in Mozambique.
The diocese comprises the whole department of Haute-Loire, in the Region of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes.
It is immediately subject to the Major Archbishop of Trivandrum, and is not part of an ecclesiastical province.
The archdiocese heads the ecclesiastical province of Valencia, with authority over the suffragan dioceses of Ibiza, Majorca, Minorca, Orihuela-Alicante and Segorbe-Castellón.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the Assumption Cathedral, Bangkok.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of São Mateus is a diocese located in the city of São Mateus in the ecclesiastical province of Vitória in Brazil.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kenge) is a suffragan Latin diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Kinshasa.
He was installed as archbishop on 23 August.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Valparaíso is a suffragan Latin diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of Santiago de Chile in central Chile.
The Catholic Diocese of Fort Portal formerly belonging to Rwenzori Vicariate was erected on 2 July 1961, with Vincent Joseph McCauley CSC as its first bishop.
During the Scottish Reformation, most of the heritage and jurisdiction of the church was given to the Church of Scotland.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Malolos is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines.
The diocese is said to have existed since the first century, but historical evidence shows its existence only since the 4th century.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Cochin is a diocese located in the city of Cochin in the Ecclesiastical province of Verapoly in India.
The current archbishop is John Charles Wester, who was installed on June 4, 2015.
Comprising the whole of Belgian Limburg, the diocese was created in 1967, split from the Diocese of Liège.
The Episcopal Diocese of South Dakota is a diocese of the Episcopal Church with jurisdiction over the state of South Dakota.
The diocese has one priest for every 2,436 Catholics
The Most Reverend Thomas Joseph Tobin, former Bishop of Youngstown, Ohio, is the eighth, and current, Bishop of Providence.
The Diocese of Exeter is a Church of England diocese covering the county of Devon.
Virginia Theological Seminary, the largest accredited Episcopal seminary in the United States, is located within the diocese in Alexandria, Virginia.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Lingayen-Dagupan.
The Episcopal Diocese of Montana is the diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America with jurisdiction over the state of Montana.
The diocese forms part of the Province of Canterbury in England.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Arlington is a diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in the mid-atlantic United States.
Today the diocese has a faithful of over 100,000 parishioners spread across 37 parishes.
The Roman Catholic Metropolitan Archdiocese of Santiago de Chile is one of the five Latin Metropolitan sees of the Roman Catholic Church in Chile.
Michael Joseph Hanley was elected 10th bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Oregon at the Diocese's Annual Convention on November 30, 2009.
The Rochester diocese includes 268 parish churches throughout:
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Alagoinhas is a diocese located in the city of Alagoinhas in the Ecclesiastical province of São Salvador da Bahia in Brazil.
Since 28 June 2003 the Bishop of Bendigo has been the Right Reverend Andrew Curnow.
Bishop Varghese Chakkalakal was born in Malapallipuram, India, located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Kottapuram, on February 7, 1953.
It comprises the territory of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands and is a suffragan of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Agaña.
The archdiocese has 188 parish churches in twelve counties of Minnesota.
As of 2016, the diocese has 7 churches under its jurisdictions.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Meerut) is a diocese located in the city of Meerut in the Ecclesiastical province of Agra in India.
In 1777, William Falconar, also Primus, united Orkney, Moray, Ross and Caithness under his rule.
The diocese has 19 congregations in the American states of Alabama, Northwest Florida, Indiana, Kentucky, Ohio, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia and West Virginia.
It is in Province 2 and has no cathedral.
The See of Mayagüez was canonically erected on March 1, 1976 and is a suffragan diocese of the Metropolitan Province of San Juan de Puerto Rico.
The Diocese of San Rafael is a Roman Catholic diocese in San Rafael, Argentina.
The policy was instituted by Bishop Furman C. Stough in the 1970s.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Umtata) is a diocese located in the city of Umtata in the Ecclesiastical province of Durban in South Africa.
Geographically, the diocese consists of 35,239 square miles of the Southern San Joaquin Valley of California, a portion of the Sierra Nevada and some eastern valleys.
Bishop Alwyn Anthony Fernandes Barreto, is the first Bishop of the Diocese and has served all his life for the Diocese.
The episcopal see is in Lincoln, Nebraska.
The Diocese of Mikkeli is one of nine dioceses in the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland.
And the diocese celebrated its Silver Anniversary of Canonical Erection last July 14, 2009.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Valencia en Venezuela is an archdiocese located in the city of Valencia in Venezuela.
He also proposed the establishment of a shrine in the Caves in Barbados to remember those that worshiped there in the past.
Yet is depends on the missionary Roman Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples.
The Episcopal Diocese of West Missouri, is the diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America with jurisdiction over western Missouri.
The diocese is a part of the ecclesiastical province of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Oviedo since 1954.
The first teacher to St. Michael’s School/Church, Awgu, one Mr. Ofodiamah from Ogwashi uku of the present Delta State of Nigeria.
The Military Ordinariate of Austria is a military ordinariate of the Roman Catholic Church.
took over the administration of Dili Diocese.
The head of the eparchy is the Serbian Patriarch.
It is one of seven New England dioceses that make up Province 1.
Neighboring dioceses are Itanagar and Dibrugarh to the west.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lyon, formerly the Archdiocese of Lyon–Vienne–Embrun, is a Roman Catholic Metropolitan archdiocese in France.
It was established in Western Pennsylvania on August 11, 1843.
At a diocesan convention in February 2009, Kevin Thew Forrester was elected the next bishop of the diocese.
After being provisionally administered by New Westminster for several years, the Diocese of Kootenay got its first bishop, Alexander Doull, in 1914.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Hamhung is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in North Korea.
Voronezh diocese headed by Metropolitan Sergius and Boris.
In 1817, the diocese was raised to an archdiocese.
The See city for the diocese is Crookston.
It was annexed to France by King Henry II in 1552; this was recognized by the Holy Roman Empire in the Peace of Westphalia of 1648.
It also has 21 women religious, 9 religious brothers, and 6 permanent deacons.
The Military Ordinariate in Italy is a military ordinariate of the Roman Catholic Church.
Winfield Mott was elected at the occasion the first Vicar General of the Convocation of the West.
It then was part of the province of the Three Bishoprics.
The 153 congregations in the Diocese of Texas have ministries, locally and abroad.
The original borders of the diocese are believed to be based on those of that ancient kingdom.
The Diocese was erected on April 20, 1934.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Moulins is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Odienné) is a diocese located in the city of Odienné in the Ecclesiastical province of Korhogo in Côte d'Ivoire.
The diocese is one among the 22 dioceses of Church of South India.
Currently a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Besançon, the diocese corresponds to the department of Meuse in the Region of Lorraine.
The South Carolina Supreme Court reversed parts of that ruling on August 2, 2017, while letting other parts stand.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the Cathédrale Saint-Jean-Baptiste de Bonzola in the city of Mbuji-Mayi
The diocesan ordinary is Ivo Muser, appointed on July 27, 2011 by Pope Benedict XVI.
Sacred Heart Cathedral in Thủ Dầu Một City is the Cathedral of the diocese.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Edmundston, is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Moncton in Edmundston, New Brunswick.
The episcopal see of the diocese is situated at Columbus.
It is currently governed by Archeparch Moussa El-Hage, O.A.M.
However, in 1822 it was restored almost to its pristine limits and again made suffragan to Albi.
The archdiocese has been a Metropolitan see since its elevation by Pope Leo XIII on 1 September 1886.
The Apostolic Vicariate of San Miguel de Sucumbíos is a missionary entity of the Roman Catholic Church.
It was the fourth diocese of the Syro-Malankara church.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Paris is one of twenty-three archdioceses of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
It achieved diocesan status on June 21, 2011.
The Military Bishopric of Chile is a military ordinariate of the Roman Catholic Church.
It became Mindanao's first diocese in 1910, and was established as the second archdiocese of Mindanao in 1958.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kara) is a diocese located in the city of Kara in the Ecclesiastical province of Lomé in Togo.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Făgăraș și Alba Iulia.
Local legend credits the conversion of Como to the apostolate of Hermagoras of Aquileia.
In 1803, the see was elevated to an archdiocese.
It was canonically erected as Prelature Nullius on January 13, 1962 by Pope John XXIII, with Joseph Regan MM as its local ordinary.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Miri is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Malaysia.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Pretoria) is a Latin Catholic archdiocese and the Metropolitan See for the Ecclesiastical province of Pretoria in South Africa.
The current Bishop of Faro is Dom Manuel Neto Quintas.
There are also 5 new churches currently in the process of being formed.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Trujillo is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Tegucigalpa.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Santander) is a diocese seated in Santander Cathedral in the city of Santander in the Ecclesiastical province of Oviedo in Spain.
Founded in the 4th century and elevated to the dignity of an archdiocese on 21 May 1515, by Pope Leo X.
It Combines parishes and monasteries in the Voronezh region.
Pope Blessed Pius IX erected the diocese on March 3, 1868.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Trento.
The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Los Angeles.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tournai is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic church in Belgium.
Neither government appointment is considered legitimate by the Vatican since they were not appointed by the papacy.
Dr. J. I. Okoye wrote in his B.D.
The Italian Catholic Diocese of Vallo della Lucania, in Campania, has existed under this name since 1945.
By 2013, the diocese of Nha Trang had about 200,385 Catholics, 191 priests and 90 parishes.
It is centred on the Mexican city of Huejutla de Reyes, Hidalgo.
The Ukrainian Catholic Archiepiscopal Exarchate of Donetsk is oe of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church's five Archiepiscopal Exarchate in Eastern Ukraine.
It is the primatial see of the Netherlands.
It is currently ruled by Eparch Anthony Tarabay, OLM.
It is characterized by its situation as a diocese in the Diaspora.
It was created in 1742, as a smaller area, mostly consisting of some parishes previously controlled by the Abbey of Saint-Claude.
The current bishop is Francis Daw Tang, appointed in 2004.
Its canonical territory consists of the Connecticut counties of Middlesex, New London, Windham and Tolland.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Caraguatatuba is a diocese located in the city of Caraguatatuba in Brazil.
In December 2011, it was merged with the Archdiocese of Halifax to create the Archdiocese of Halifax-Yarmouth.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kigoma is a diocese located in Kigoma in the Ecclesiastical province of Tabora in Tanzania.
It is a suffragan see of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Santa Fe.
Therefore, correctly it is the Diocese of Nîmes; French: Diocèse de Nîmes).
On November 7, 2016, it was announced that Tobin was now Archbishop-elect of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Newark.
They are the City District, East District, West District, North District and the Serangoon District.
In 1985, the name of the diocese was split to the current diocese of Banja Luka.
Bishops of Saint Thomas are members of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops and also enjoy observer status with the Antilles Episcopal Conference.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Santa Rosa in Argentina is located in the city of Santa Rosa, La Pampa, Argentina.
The seat of the bishop is the Saint Gregory of Narek Cathedral.
It was established on April 4, 1926 from the Diocese of Łomża, Poland.
In 2013 there is one priest in the diocese for every 1,660 Catholics.
Imus Cathedral, located along General Castañeda Street in the poblacion of Imus, serves as the see of the diocese.
Its episcopal see is the Cathedral of Saint Peter-in-Chains in Peterborough, Ontario.
It is a suffragan of the archdiocese of Florence.
The cathedral church is St George's Cathedral, Southwark.
By 2004, the diocese of Vinh had about 453,018 believers, 126 priests and 143 parishes.
The diocese is now suffragan to the Archdiocese of Lyon.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Shuozhou/Shuoxian, Chinese: 朔州, 朔縣) is a diocese located in the city of Shuozhou in the Ecclesiastical province of Taiyuan in China.
and a Co-Cathedral: Concattedrale di S. Maria Assunta, dedicated to the Assumption of Mary, in Sant’Agata de’ Goti
This diocese is the more Southern of the two, the other being Niassa.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Sekondi–Takoradi–Takoradien(sis)) is a diocese located in the city of Sekondi-Takoradi in the Ecclesiastical province of Cape Coast in Ghana.
The Diocese was later renamed as Diocese of Madhya Kerala.
He was installed as bishop of Nice on May 11, 2014.
In 1950, the Prefecture was elevated to an apostolic vicariate.
Afterward, in accordance with the non-geographical concept of dioceses in the Anglican Church of North America, it began to accept congregations outside its previous territory.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Skopje is a suffragan of the Archdiocese.
As an apostolic vicariate, Bontoc-Lagawe is directly under the jurisdiction of the Pope who exercises authority through the bishop-in-charge known as the Vicar Apostolic.
In addition, the diocese has oversight of several Anglican parishes that are not located within its geographical boundaries.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Torreón is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Durango.
In 1582 Piacenza was made a suffragan of the archdiocese of Bologna; it was later dependent upon the Holy See.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Gumaca is a Roman Catholic diocese in the Philippines centered in the Municipality of Gumaca in Quezon province.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Rapid City is a Roman Catholic diocese in western South Dakota, United States.
It is estimated that 36,000 out of the 5,516,597 inhabitants of the diocesan territory are Roman Catholics.
As of July, 2011 the bishop of the See of Mayagüez is Alvaro Corrada del Rio.
The seat of the bishop is the Saint Gregory Cathedral.
The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Rennes, Dol, and Saint-Malo.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Zaria) is a diocese located in the city of Zaria, Kaduna State in the Ecclesiastical province of Kaduna in Nigeria.
The bishop is Joseph Trân Xuân Tiéu, since 2003.
Another church of special interest is the Mission San Xavier del Bac, also in Tucson.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Zrenjanin is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in Serbia.
Note: this article needs re-writing, since in April 2015 a part of the diocese was removed to form a new diocese, the Kollam-Kottarakkara Diocese.
The Prefecture Apostolic of Rhaetia was a Roman Catholic Apostolic Prefecture located in the part of present day Roman Catholic Diocese of Chur in Switzerland.
It was commenced in 1710, on the site occupied by the principal mosque, and completed in 1796.
However, their parishes are limited to the presence of Ukrainian Catholics and thus only have a presence in 15 states.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Xiamen/Amoy/Hsíamen, Chinese: 廈門) is a diocese located in the city of Xiamen in the Ecclesiastical province of Fuzhou in China.
The Eparchy of Bačka is an ecclesiastical territory or eparchy of the Serbian Orthodox Church in the Bačka region, Serbia.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Santa Maria is an archdiocese located in the city of Santa Maria.
Xavier Koodapuzha have caused warmth for discussions.
The Canadian provinces with more parishes are British Columbia, with 24, and Ontario, with 26.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bismarck is a Roman Catholic diocese in North Dakota.
It is headed by Metropolitan Pimen of Europe from 06.4.2006.
It is part of the ecclesiastical province of Salzburg.
It comprises the southern counties of the state of Illinois and is administered from the City of Belleville.
The territory had previously been part of the Archdiocese of Seoul, to which Suwon is suffragan.
It was erected as a Vicariate Apostolic on January 18, 1932.
The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Port of Spain, and a member of the Antilles Episcopal Conference.
The current Archbishop is Juan José Asenjo Pelegrina.
The diocese was canonically erected on 8 November 1984 by Pope John Paul II.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ciudad Real) is a diocese located in the city of Ciudad Real in the Ecclesiastical province of Toledo in Spain.
Bishop Komarica has been urging people to return, to mixed results.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tegucigalpa is the only Metropolitan see in Honduras, whose ecclesiastical province covers the whole country.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Memphis is a Roman Catholic diocese in Tennessee.
Founded in 1952 and spread over 3 civil districts of western Madhya Pradesh, it serves an area of 19,073 km².
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Wrexham, is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Wales.
This episcopal see occupies a territory of about 790 square kilometers and is not unlikely to be given several Auxiliary bishops.
The seat of the archdiocese is the Metropolitan Cathedral and Parish of Saint Vitales and of the Guardian Angels.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Itumbiara) is a diocese located in the city of Itumbiara in the Ecclesiastical province of Goiânia in Brazil.
The diocese does not have a conventional cathedral church but rather an open-air cathedral, the Cathedral Shrine of the Transfiguration, which was consecrated in 1925.
The diocese headquarters are located at Costa Mesa, California.
The Territorial Prelature of Santo Cristo de Esquípulas is a Roman Catholic territorial prelature located in the city of Esquipulas, Chiquimula in Guatemala.
The Abbey was in private possession until 1923 and has been in the possession of the Diocese of Blackburn since 1926.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Iringa is a diocese located in Iringa in the Ecclesiastical province of Songea in Tanzania.
By the information of Catholic Hierarchy Catalog, there are 292,000 Catholics in Thailand, which represents 0.46% of the total population.
Soon the rapid growth of the mission made it imperative to call in other labourers, the S.V.D.
immediately subject to the Holy See, not part of any ecclesiastical province.
The current archbishop is Pascal Wintzer, who was appointed in 2012.
It is the capital of that of the wider Ucayali region, in Peru's inland Amazon rainforest.
Its episcopal see is the Immaculate Conception Cathedral-Parish in Puerto Princesa, Palawan.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Crato is a diocese located in the city of Crato in the Ecclesiastical province of Fortaleza in Brazil.
The school was conservative and prided itself in pushing boys to their physical and psychological breaking points.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Portsmouth is a Latin Church Roman Catholic diocese that covers the Channel Islands as well as parts of England.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the Marian Catedral de Nossa Senhora das Mercês, located in the city of Bom Jesus, Piauí.
The liturgy used by the Eparchy is the Slavonic form of the Byzantine Rite, using the Old Church Slavonic language and the Cyrillic alphabet.
Prior to his appointment, Auxiliary Bishop of Legazpi Lucilo Quiambao had been the apostolic administrator of the diocese since Bishop Nestor Cariño's retirement in 2007.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Dumka) is a suffragan Latin diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan of Ranchi in India's Jharkhand state.
Father Arthur Charles, the Vicar General, is the CEO of Good News TV.
It had 50,300 baptized at the same year in 2013.
The patron saint of the diocese is St. Michael the Archangel.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lucknow) is a diocese located in the city of Lucknow in the Ecclesiastical province of Agra in India.
The current bishop is Peter Huỳnh Văn Hai, since October 2015.
The current bishop is Julian Winston Sebastian Fernando, appointed in 1997.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Patti is located on the north shore of the island of Sicily.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Rubiataba–Mozarlândia is a diocese located in the cities of Rubiataba and Mozarlândia in the Ecclesiastical province of Goiânia in Brazil.
This Almighty God was referred to as Ali Awgu.
It is a suffragan of the Metropolitan archbishopric of Turin.
Those parishes and parishioners who did not vote to leave the Episcopal Church remained and continued as the Episcopal Diocese of Quincy.
Appointed as first bishop was Most Rev.
The Diocese of Kuopio is a diocese within the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tulancingo is an archdiocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Mexico.
The cathedral parish is the Cathedral of St. Mary.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Agaña is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in the United States.
Its current diocesan ordinary is Archbishop Anthony Mancini.
The diocese covers an area of 30,783 km², and is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Hanoi.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Biloxi encompasses 17 counties in south Mississippi.
The Eparchy of Košice is an eparchy of the Slovak Greek Catholic Church which covers the territory of the Košice Region in Slovakia.
The patron saint of the diocese is the Blessed Virgin Mary under the title Queen of the Apostles.
The present bishop is Daniel Nlandu Mayi
The diocese covers an area of 487,000 km2.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Capiz.
Erected as the Diocese of Hsinchu in 1962, the diocese is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Taipei.
The creation of the diocese in present form was declared November 24, 1960.
The cathedral church of the diocese is St David's Cathedral in Hobart.
The diocese was created in Roman times; Pope John XXII elevated it to an archdiocese in 1318.
The diocese began with ten priests, and in 2007 had over fifty.
Many of them belong to ethnic minorities.
In 2013 about 28.7% of the dioceses population attended a church on Sundays regularly according to the church statistics.
The archdiocese of Catania is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastic territory in Sicily, southern Italy, with its seat in Catania.
It covers 17 square kilometers with an address at: Piazza della Madonna 1, 60025 Loteto [Ancona], Italia.
The territory of the eparchy encompasses the entire United States.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Salerno-Campagna-Acerno.
The current Bishop of St Andrews, Dunkeld and Dunblane is the Most Reverend David Chillingworth, who is also Primus of the Church.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Winnipeg is a Roman Catholic archdiocese that includes part of the Province of Manitoba.
The apostolic exarchate, an exempt diocese extends throughout the southern part of India that had formerly not been under dioceses of the Syro-Malankara Church.
The Diocese of Durham is a Church of England diocese, based in Durham, and covering the historic County Durham.
The Metropolis of Bessarabia was created in 1918, as the Archbishopric of Chișinău, and organized as a Metropolis, in 1927.
The Diocese of Lausanne, Geneva and Fribourg is a Latin Roman Catholic diocese in Switzerland, which is exempt.
The Diocese of Tulle comprises the whole département of Corrèze.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the Cathédrale Notre-Dame-de-la-Salette, in the city of Antsirabé, Antananarivo Province.
The Archdiocese of Râmnic is a Romanian Orthodox archdiocese based in Râmnicu Vâlcea, Romania, in the historic region of Oltenia, and covering Vâlcea County.
The Diocese of Southern Ohio split from the Diocese of Ohio in 1875.
The Diocese of Haderslev is a diocese of the Church of Denmark, established in 1922.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Northern Arabia is a Catholic vicariate apostolic with official seat in Kuwait.
The Episcopal Diocese of Northwest Texas is one of the Dioceses of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.
Bishop Paprocki had previously been an Auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese of Chicago under Cardinal George since 2003.
In 2004 the Catholic population of the diocese was 79,400 out of a total population of 342,000.
The Diocese of Verona is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in northern Italy.
The Archdiocese of Kingston in Jamaica is an archdiocese of the Roman Rite within the Roman Catholic Church.
Canon Rafael Morales to serve as the VII Bishop of the Diocese of Puerto Rico.
In June 2012, an electoral synod was held.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the Cathedral of Kidane-Meheret, located in the city of Awasa, on the shores of Lake Awasa in the Great Rift Valley.
It is currently governed by archeparch Nikolaki Sawaf.
The Diocese of Aarhus is one of 10 diocese in the Church of Denmark, with headquarters in the city of Aarhus.
According to the 2006 parochial report, there are 57 active congregations within the diocese.
The Territorial Prelature of Tefé is a Roman Catholic territorial prelature located in the city of Tefé in the Ecclesiastical province of Manaus in Brazil.
Its territory encompasses parts of the States of Hesse and Rhineland-Palatinate.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Chaozhou/Shíuchow/Shaoguan, Chinese: 韶州, 韶關) is a diocese located in the city of Chaozhou in the Ecclesiastical province of Guangzhou in China.
It was raised again to an archdiocese in 1830.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Encarnación is a diocese located in the city of Encarnación in the Ecclesiastical province of Asunción in Paraguay.
Archdiocese of Mandalay is located in the central part of Myanmar.
Under Bishop Emiliani took place the apparition of the Blessed Virgin on Monte Berico which led to the foundation of the famous sanctuary.
It still depends on the missionary Roman Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples.
The current Roman Catholic Bishop of Helsinki is Teemu Sippo, S.C.I., the first ethnic Finn to hold the office since its reestablishment after the Reformation.
The diocese is led by the Bishop of Salisbury and the diocesan synod.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Obuasi) is a diocese located in the city of Obuasi in the Ecclesiastical province of Kumasi in Ghana.
The former Norwegian Catholic diocese of Hamar existed from 1152 to 1542, when the Protestant Reformation turned it into a bishoric of the Lutheran state church.
It depends on the Roman Congregation for the Oriental Churches.
Its cathedral episcopal see is Catedral Nuestra Señora del Rosario, dedicated to Our Lady of the Rosary, in the city of Valdivia, Los Ríos.
The Episcopal Diocese of Taiwan is the Anglican diocese in Taiwan and a member diocese of the Episcopal Church of the United States.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Noto is a diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in Sicily, Italy.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Edmonton is a Latin metropolitan archdiocese in the Canadian civil province of Alberta.
Diocese of Birobidzhan and Kuldur — is a diocese of the Russian Orthodox Church, Moscow Patriarchate.
Founded in 676, it is one of the oldest and largest of the dioceses in England.
The Archdiocese of Singapore is an exempt archdiocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church.
The diocese has shown a significant population increase in all counties except Alpine County.
The Military Ordinariate of New Zealand is a military ordinariate of the Roman Catholic Church located in Wellington.
The diocese is divided into two archdeaconries, the Archdeaconry of Leicester in the east of the county and the Archdeaconry of Loughborough in the west.
The Cathedral is located in Corner Brook.
The Archdiocese of Chicago is the metropolitan see of the Province of Chicago.
The Diocese of Copenhagen is exempt immediately subject to the Holy See.
It is led by a prelate bishop, who serves as pastor of the mother church, the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in the city of Burlington.
In 2013 about a half of the then Catholic Church members attended church services at least once per week.
The Latin Patriarchate of Lisbon is a Metropolitan Archdiocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church based in Lisbon, national capital of Portugal.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Camagüey is a Metropolitan Archdiocese, responsible for the dioceses of Ciego de Avila, Cienfuegos and Santa Clara.
The Episcopal Diocese of Puerto Rico is the Anglican diocese in Puerto Rico.
It is headquartered in Brooklyn and its territory encompasses the New York City boroughs of Brooklyn and Queens.
It is centred on St Ninian's Cathedral in Perth, and covers Fife, Perthshire, Kinross-shire, Clackmannanshire, and eastern and central Stirlingshire.
The Diocese of Spiš is a Roman Catholic diocese in northern Slovakia.
Founded in 1219 by Saint Sava, it is now one of the most prominent dioceses in the Serbian Orthodox Church.
It is in Province IV of the Episcopal Church and its cathedral, the Cathedral of St. Philip, is in Atlanta, as are the diocesan offices.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Três Lagoas is a diocese located in the city of Três Lagoas in the Ecclesiastical province of Campo Grande in Brazil.
The Navajoland Area Mission, also known as the Episcopal Church in Navajoland, is an Area Mission of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.
The bishop position has been vacant since April 2007.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Same is a diocese located in the Same District in the ecclesiastical province of Arusha in Tanzania.
The Episcopal Diocese of Maine is a diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America and encompasses the entire State of Maine.
The historic Archdiocese of Siponto was elevated from the status of diocese in 1074.
The Territorial Prelature of Yauyos is a Roman Catholic territorial prelature located in the city of Yauyos in the Ecclesiastical province of Lima in Peru.
Its archbishop since 1990 has been Ioan Robu, previously Apostolic Administrator since 25 October 1984.
It is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Tlalnepantla.
The Episcopal Diocese of Arizona is the diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America which has jurisdiction over Arizona.
It was created on December 7, 2005 by splitting it from the Diocese of Dibrugarh.
It was raised to the status of a minor basilica by Pope John XXIII in December, 1961.
Pope Paul VI elevated it to the rank of a metropolitan archdiocese on 15 August 1972, with the suffragan sees of Avezzano and Sulmona–Valva.
The Diocese is committed to improving and developing her schools, the hospital and health centers so that they can render the best of services to humanity.
As of 2013 the incumbent Ordinary is Michael Neary.
Pietro e Paolo, dedicated to Saints Peter and Paul, in Pitigliano, a part of Grosseto, which municipality in Toscana also has
The state with most congregations is Massachusetts, with 13.
As of 2012 the diocese had 20 full-time clergy with two cluster parishes and over 350 lay ministers
The Episcopal Diocese of Bethlehem covers fourteen counties in Pennsylvania to the north and west of Philadelphia.
Hundreds of thousands of Christians of the Syro-Malabar Church who thus migrated were in a totally alien atmosphere with regard to their religious and spiritual life.
Mar Mathew Arackal is the current Bishop.
The Diocese of Port Elizabeth is a diocese in the Anglican Church of Southern Africa.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Jaro is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in the Philippines.
It is in Province V. The Rt.
The diocese is divided into two archdeaconries, Warwick and Coventry.
There were just over 11,000 Anglicans on forty-eight parish rolls.
The ecclesiastical province of Goa and Daman includes a suffragan dioceses, Sindhudurg.
The Slovak Catholic Archeparchy of Prešov is the Metropolitan archeparchy of the Byzantine Rite Slovak Greek Catholic Church which covers the territory of the Prešov Region.
The cathedral of the sui iuris metropolitan see is Kidane Mehret Cathedral in Asmara, the capital city of Eritrea.
The seat of the diocese is the Espoo Cathedral and its first bishop was Mikko Heikka.
On December 22, 2014, Pope Francis appointed the Most Rev.
In 1967, some of the territory was split off to form the new Diocese of Ban Mê Thuột.
Bishop Francis Silas Chatard, who had been living in Indianapolis since 1878 when he was appointed Bishop of Vincennes, became the first Bishop of Indianapolis.
The Portuguese Catholic Diocese of Viana do Castelo, in the Norte Region, has existed since 1977.
Priests who appear in historical accounts of the time include Frs.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Marseille is a metropolitan archdiocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
The Anglican Diocese of North West Australia is a diocese of the Anglican Church of Australia.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Montevideo is an archdiocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic church in Uruguay.
urban villages along the edge of the south-east of the Metropolitan Borough of Wolverhampton
The current eparch is Vasyl Semeniuk, who was appointed to this position on 19 October 2006, having previously been Auxiliary Bishop of the eparchy from 2004.
The Metropolitan Province of Cardiff Wales and Herefordshire therefore covers all of Wales and part of England.
The episcopal see is located in the Cathedral of the Sacred Heart in Winona, Minnesota.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Paramaribo is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Port of Spain.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Huancavélica is a diocese located in the city of Huancavélica in the Ecclesiastical province of Ayacucho in Peru.
Prior to being elected he was the Dean of Brecon Cathedral.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Beauvais, Noyon, and Senlis is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Hsinchu is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Taiwan.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Langres is a Roman Catholic diocese comprising the département of Haute-Marne in France.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ourinhos is a diocese located in the city of Ourinhos in the Ecclesiastical province of Botucatu in Brazil.
The See city for the diocese is Sioux Falls.
The diocese forms part of the ecclesiastical province of Tarragona, and is thus suffragan to the Archdiocese of Tarragona.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Pouso Alegre is an archdiocese located in the city of Pouso Alegre in Brazil.
The see is currently occupied by Mark Strange.
no longer has its own ecclesiastical province nor metropolitan status.
It is vacant, without apostolic administrator since 2005.
includes Deaneries of Caterham, Godstone, and Reigate
There are 106 total priests in the Diocese, 70 permanent deacons, 3 transitional deacons, 16 lay male religious, 90 female religious, and 17 seminarians.
In Konkani, the local language in Goa, the archdiocese is known as "Goy ani Damanv Mha-Dhormprant".
The Diocese of Castellammare di Stabia was united into the historic Archdiocese of Sorrento, in 1986.
The Diocese of Västerås is a division of the Church of Sweden.
The Archdiocese of Mechelen-Brussels is an archdiocese of the Roman Catholic Church in Belgium.
The Territorial Prelature of Lábrea is a territorial prelature located in the city of Lábrea in the Ecclesiastical province of Porto Velho in Brazil.
John Ifeanyichukwu Okoye ordained and enthroned as its first bishop.
In 1203 it was united with the diocese of Matera to form the Archdiocese of Acerenza and Matera.
Bishop Habert was previously a priest of the Diocese of Créteil.
In 1995, the Thalassery diocese was uplifted as an archdiocese.
Diocesan offices are situated at Marywood Pastoral Center in Orange.
The Diocese includes 29 working churches with 14 full-time priests.
Faithful outside of Eritrea are immediately subject to the Pope.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jalapa is a Latin suffragan diocese in southeastern Guatemala, in the ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Guatemala.
Re-established by the Concordat of 1817, it was filled only in 1824.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ahmedabad) is a diocese located in the city of Ahmedabad in the Ecclesiastical province of Gandhinagar in India.
Its territory comprises nine counties in North Texas: Collin, Dallas, Ellis, Fannin, Grayson, Hunt, Kaufman, Navarro, and Rockwall.
It covers an area about one-third the size of Poland including areas impacted by 2014 Crimean crisis, and the 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Colón-Kuna Yala is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Panamá.
Mar Remigius Inchananiyil was consecrated on April 8, 2010.
The Roman Catholic Vicariate Apostolic of Ñuflo de Chávez is an apostolic vicariate located in the town of Concepción, Santa Cruz in Bolivia.
Murdoch resigned as rector of the All Saints Anglican Church in Amesbury in February 2012 to focus on his work as bishop of the diocese.
The Diocese of Saskatoon was split off from it in 1933.
The Roman Catholic Church in Saint Helena is part of the worldwide Roman Catholic Church, under the spiritual leadership of the Pope in Rome.
There is a Catholic Church on Tristan da Cunha, St Joseph's Catholic Church.
Its ecclesiastic territory includes all of the Catholic parishes and schools in the New Jersey counties of Bergen, Union, Hudson and Essex.
Formerly, the diocese straddled the border of the civil provinces of Manitoba and Ontario, comprising over 900,000 square kilometres.
The current bishop is David L. Hicks.
The line continued in proper form among Episcopalians with Andrew Lamb in 1610.
Bishop Terry Dance retired December 31, 2015.
As of 2004, the archdiocese contains 113 parishes, 126 active diocesan priests, 39 religious priests, and 940,000 Catholics.
The Military Ordinariate of Brazil is a military ordinariate of the Roman Catholic Church.
The diocese has two cathedral churches but only one has the seat of the bishop.
Immediately subject to the Holy See, it provides pastoral care to Roman Catholics serving in the Belgian Armed Forces and their families.
Its cathedral archiepiscopal see is Catedral Nuestra Señora de la Soledad, dedicated to Our Lady of Solitude, in the touristic port city of Acapulco.
Its cathedral episcopal see is a minor basilica, the Catedral Basílica de Nuestra Señora del Lujan, dedicated to Our Lady of Lujan, in Florida, Uruguay.
However, its remoteness also caused problems for the appointment of new bishops under the period of the penal laws.
J. E. Lutz in 1885 pitching their first tent at Holy trinity in Onitsha.
St. Gertrude's Cathedral is the cathedral of the archdiocese.
The Diocese of Talibon is one of the 72 ecclesiastical territories called dioceses of the Roman Catholic Church in the Philippines.
Its seat is Sankta Maria cathedral in old town of Visby.
It was erected on May 7, 1932 as a Vicariate Apostolic.
The Archdiocese of Buenos Aires is one of thirteen Latin Metropolitan archdioceses of the Catholic Church in Argentina, South America.
In 1138 pope Innocent II transferred the see to Grosseto and Rolando, the last Bishop of Roselle, became the first Bishop of Grosseto.
The fifth and current bishop is Steven J. Raica.
The bishop's palace at Ribe was bestowed upon Ivar Munk and there he died in 1539.
It is a suffragan see to the Archdiocese of Guayaquil.
In 1668 the mission of Sault Sainte Marie was founded by the Jesuits and used as a base for expeditions to adjacent areas.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kano) is a diocese located in the city of Kano in the Ecclesiastical province of Kaduna in Nigeria.
Unlike the other dioceses of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland, the diocese is not formed on a geographical basis.
At the time there were only 16 priests to minister to the Catholics in the diocese.
On 15 November 1982, the prelature was elevated to a diocese, and became suffragan to the Archdiocese of Jaro.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Campos is a diocese located in the city of Campos dos Goytacazes in the Ecclesiastical province of Niterói in Brazil.
About a third of the population is Catholic.
By the turn of the twentieth century, the demographics of the territory had shifted considerably, as mining and forestry attracted more European settlement.
Robert R. Gepert, was elected on October 19, 2001, and was consecrated as the 8th Diocesan Bishop on April 27, 2002.
The Diocese of Irkutsk is in fact the largest geographical Catholic bishopric on earth, covering an area of 9,960,000 km2.
The diocese comprises the department of Marne, excluding the arrondissement of Reims.
The Military Ordinariate of Portugal is a military ordinariate of the Roman Catholic Church.
iii) Chapels for various foreign communities using various languages.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Njombe is a diocese located in Njombe in the Ecclesiastical province of Songea in Tanzania.
The Greek Catholic Apostolic Exarchate of Serbia is an ecclesiastical jurisdiction of the Catholic Church for Eastern Catholics of the Byzantine Rite in Serbia.
The title of Duc de Saint-Cloud was created in 1674 for the archbishops.
The Bishop is vacant due to the appointment of Most Rev.
Its cathedral episcopal see is Katedra Wniebowzięcia NMP in Gorzów Wielkopolski
The predecessor to the current Archdiocese, the Prefecture Apostolic of Cimbebasia, was established in 1892 and the current archdiocese was fully erected in March 1994.
It's cathedral episcopal see is Katedrála sv.
It is a suffragan see to the Archdiocese of Cuzco.
Missionary parishes in the Republic of Ireland and Malta have priests from England.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ossory is a Roman Catholic diocese in eastern Ireland.
It is a suffragan in the ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan of Shenyang 瀋陽, yet depends on the missionary Roman Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples.
immediately subject to the Holy See, not part of an ecclesiastical province.
The MDAS has a concordat of intercommunion with the Iglesia Anglicana Carismatica, of Venezuela.
It was also the site of the first institution of higher education in Slavonia - the Jesuit Academy established in 1761.
The previous bishop, Thomas Flynn, had served the diocese for thirty years.
It was elevated to archdiocese status on June 8, 1886.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Yamoussoukro) is a diocese located in the city of Yamoussoukro in the Ecclesiastical province of Bouaké in Côte d'Ivoire.
Assumption Cathedral in Quy Nhơn town has been assigned as the Cathedral of the diocese.
The cathedral church of the diocese is Cathedral Church of St. Peter in St. Petersburg.
In 2000, the Vatican appointed Lawrence Zhang Wen-Chang as Apostolic Administrator of Dali.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Chilaw is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Sri Lanka.
At the end of 2008 the diocese had 2,386,000 inhabitants.
It is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Berlin.
The creation of the diocese in present form was declared November 24, 1960.
The diocese was approved as a diocese-in-formation at the General Convention of 2012 and given full diocese status one year later, in June 2013.
The Archdiocese of Granada is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Catholic Church in Spain.
The Archdiocese of Gdańsk) is an archdiocese located in the city of Gdańsk in Poland.
Today the Diocese covers an area of 1,507 square miles.
The former PEARUSA Southeast network did not become a full, separate ACNA diocese.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Castries is an archdiocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Caribbean.
The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Cardiff, directly subject to the authority of the Pope.
Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Zahle and Forzol is a diocese of the Melkite Greek Catholic Church.
The Italian Catholic Archdiocese of Monreale is in Sicily.
Bishop Vicente Reyes was the first diocesan bishop of Borongan.
The diocese was created by Mar Varkey Cardinal Vithayathil, by his decree on January 18, 2010.
Its cathedral episcopal see is Christ the King Cathedral, in Akatsi.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Paksé is a Latin rite missionary territorial jurisdiction of the Catholic Church in Laos.
The cathedral,, is in the small town of Southwell.
The Territorial Prelature of Aiquile is a territorial prelature located in the city of Aiquile in the Ecclesiastical province of Cochabamba in Bolivia.
People live on farming, day laborer in rural area and many people live in cities as migrant workers.
Verapoly is the anglicised name of Varapuzha.
The diocese was a founding member of the Anglican Church in North America in 2009.
The Italian Catholic Diocese of Pitigliano-Sovana-Orbetello is a Latin suffragan see in the ecclesiastical province]] of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Siena-Colle di Val d'Elsa-Montalcino, in Tuscany.
It was founded on 10 November 1884 under the name "Archdiocese of Carthage", with territory corresponding to that of the then French protectorate of Tunisia.
He is assisted by auxiliary bishop Arūnas Poniškaitis.
It is a Latin suffragan to the Patriarchate of Venice.
The Diocese of Chichester is a Church of England diocese based in Chichester, covering Sussex.
Erected on January 26, 1863, it covers an area of 15,326 km²., and contains a population of 1,730,034 - 95% of which are Catholic.
Its seat is the Campanian city of Nola, now a suburb of Naples.
The area within the archdiocese has varied through the centuries as the Orthodox population changed.
the former Cathedral: Antica Cattedrale di S. Pietro Apostolo Antica, dedicated to the Apostle Peter, in Sovana.
The current bishop is Petko Jordanov Christov, who was appointed in 1994.
in the Archdeaconry of Canterbury – Canterbury, East Bridge, Reculver, Thanet, West Bridge;
It covers central and eastern parts of the Žilina Region and western part of the Prešov Region.
The Diocese of Madison, Wisconsin, is the Roman Catholic diocese for the southwest corner of Wisconsin.
The diocese covers the following counties in Texas: Calhoun, Colorado, Dewitt, Fayette, Goliad, Jackson, Lavaca, Matagorda, Victoria, and Wharton.
The current bishop is Isaac Danu, appointed in 1989.
The diocese releases two monthly magazines: Naša ognjišta by the Franciscan Province, and Crkva na kamenu by the bishopric.
It was erected in the 3rd century and is a suffragan of the Patriarchate of Venice.
Two new churches, St. Julian of Norwich and St. Mary Magdalene were planted in 2010.
The modern-day province of Lori was one of the cantons of historic Gugark.
It is part of the ecclesiastical province of Quebec.
The diocese used to be a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Aix-en-Provence and Arles until 2002, but is now a suffragan of Marseille.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of São Carlos is a diocese located in the city of São Carlos in the Ecclesiastical province of Campinas in Brazil.
It publishes a bi-weekly newspaper, Catholic New York, the largest of its kind in the United States.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Nice is a diocese of the Latin Church of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
The seat is at St. Mary's Malankara Syrian Catholic Cathedral, Pattom, Thiruvananthapuram.
It is a suffragan of the archdiocese of Utrecht.
The diocesan patroness is Our Lady of Guadalupe.
The diocesan office is located in Quebec City, as is the Holy Trinity Anglican Cathedral, founded in 1804.
Its Metropolitan archbishop is the head of the Hungarian Greek Catholic Church.
It shares with the Roman Catholic Diocese of Aberdeen a Christian heritage that can be traced back to the twelfth century.
directly dependent on the Holy See, not part of any ecclesiastical province.
The diocese comprises Lackawanna, Luzerne, Bradford, Susquehanna, Wayne, Tioga, Sullivan, Wyoming, Lycoming, Pike, and Monroe counties, all in the northeastern part of Pennsylvania.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Basankusu) is a Latin suffragan diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan Mbandaka-Bikoro in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
At this time, six parochial districts of Bathurst Diocese, including those of Parkes and Forbes, were added to its western neighbour.
Reasons for not choosing the title of Newport included the existence of a Catholic Bishop of Newport until 1916.
According to the 2006 Commonwealth Census figures, there were 4,932,423 people within the province.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Porto Nacional is a diocese located in the city of Porto Nacional in the Ecclesiastical province of Palmas in Brazil.
Covering an area of 671 square miles it has parishes in:
From 1695 until 1709, the diocese was united with the Diocese of Edinburgh, with the latter's bishop, Alexander Rose, being also Bishop of Brechin.
In 1962, it lost territory to form the Archdiocese of Jalapa and the Diocese of Veracruz.
The Archbishop has many administrative tasks relating to the National church, and is the Metropolitan and Primate of the church.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Brasília is an archdiocese located in the city of Brasília in Brazil.
The present bishop, Rob Innes, was commissioned and consecrated on 20 July 2014.
The Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Sagar is an Eastern Catholic eparchy in India, under the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church.
The counties are organized into seven deaneries: Alton, Decatur, Effingham, Jacksonville, Litchfield, Quincy and Springfield.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Talca,, is a suffragan diocese of the archdiocese of Santiago de Chile.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Paracatu is a diocese located in the city of Paracatu in the Ecclesiastical province of Montes Claros in Brazil.
Its see is in Capua, in Campania near Naples.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ajaccio is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Manzini) is a diocese located in the city of Manzini in Swaziland in the Ecclesiastical province of Johannesburg in South Africa.
The Eparchy of Zboriv was an eparchy of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church, in the ecclesiastical province of Ukrainian Catholic Archeparchy of Lviv.
Its cathedral is a minor basilica: St. Mary's Cathedral Basilica, Halifax, Nova Scotia.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Montpellier; French: Archidiocèse de Montpellier) is an archdiocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in south-western France.
The Diocese of Norwich forms part of the Province of Canterbury in England.
Erected as the Diocese of Badulla in 1972, the diocese was created from territory in the Diocese of Kandy.
The seat of the diocese is at Our Lady of the Sacred Heart Cathedral in The Pas.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Gaylord is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in the Northern Michigan region of the United States.
Reverend Joseph B. Moriarty was named Vice Rector in 2013 and Rector in 2016.
The Italian Catholic Archdiocese of Lucca dates back as a diocese to the 1st century; it became an archdiocese in 1726.
It almost covers the entire province except the southern town of Artik and the surrounding villages.
It was renamed the Diocese of Indianapolis on March 28, 1898.
Since 1916 it has been in the care of the Capuchins of Florence.
He was succeeded by Mar George Madathikandathil.
The see was originally located only in the city of Great Falls, Montana, from which the diocese drew its original name.
It is the Primatial See of Belgium and the centre of the Ecclesiastical Province governed by the Archbishop of Mechelen-Brussels, which covers the whole of Belgium.
Archbishopric of Belgrade and Karlovci is the central or patriarchal eparchy of the Serbian Orthodox Church, with seat in Belgrade, Serbia.
The Italian Roman Catholic diocese of Conversano-Monopoli, in Apulia, has existed since 1986, when the diocese of Monopoli was united with the historic diocese of Conversano.
He replaced the retiring bishop, Eugène Tremblay, who had reached the mandatory retirement age for bishops of 75.
The diocese has a strong companion link with the Episcopal Diocese of Connecticut and the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.
The Archbishop of Seoul is also the Apostolic Administrator of the Diocese of Pyongyang in North Korea.
The historic diocese of Agrigento was also known as the Diocese of Grigenti, and Diocese of Agrigentum.
It was founded in 1897 in the town of Savonlinna.
The fifth and current Diocesan Bishop is Bishop Sergio Arthur Braschi.
The second Bishop of Klerksdorp was His Lordship, the Right Reverend Bishop Patrick Zithulele Mvemve, former Auxiliary Bishop of Johannesburg.
The diocese included the counties of Aarhus and Randers, the islands of Samsø and Tunø, and, after 1396, part of the county of Viborg.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kidapawan is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines.
It encompasses the northwestern continental areas of Croatia.
The diocese contains 51 parishes, 32 active diocesan priests, 7 religious priests, and 82,000 Catholics.
In 1983, the Archeparchy lost part of its territory to the new Eparchy of St. Josaphat in Parma, Ohio, erected by Pope John Paul II.
Klimenta, located in the Czech national capital, Prague.
He was consecrated as bishop on the following 14 May and took possession of the diocese.
The current Archbishop is Philippe Jean Marie Joseph Gueneley, appointed in 1999.
Its ecclesiastical territory includes all of 31 counties in eastern Oklahoma, including the most populous county of the group, Tulsa County.
The diocese is located in the southern Punjab in a central part of Pakistan.
It has its pro-cathedral see in the town of Khadki, near Pune, in western India's Maharashtra state.
The Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Saskatoon is the Ukrainian Greek Catholic eparchy for the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
The diocese was also instrumental in the founding of St. Philip's College, which became a public community college in 1942.
It is currently ruled by Archeparch Camille Zaidan.
In 2006, the name was changed from the diocese of Grenoble to the diocese of Grenoble–Vienne.
It is a suffragan of the archdiocese of Cagliari.
Its cathedral archiepiscopal see is a minor basilica, the Cathedral Basilica of Our Lady of the Snows, in the city of João Pessoa, the state capital.
Its cathedral episcopal see is Katedral Santo Petrus, in Bandung, Jawa Barat, on Jawa.
Cap., a native of Leoville, Kansas in the United States and a Capuchin.
The first bishop was Dominic Su Haw Chiu, appointed in 1986, and requested for early retirement in December 2011 for health reasons.
Peter Elliott and the Executive Archdeacon of the Diocese is the Venerable G. Douglas Fenton.
The archepiscopal see is in the city of Poitiers.
The archbishop has his episcopal throne in the Cathedral of Ancona, while the Cathedral of Osimo has the status of a co-cathedral.
It is part of the Province of Canterbury.
The diocese covers the Hunter and Mid North Coast regions of New South Wales in Australia.
The cathedral of the diocese is the church of Sacred Heart in Pekhon.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Méndez is a misisonary circonsciption of the Roman Catholic Church.
It also includes one congregation in Wyoming.
It is exempt and his its cathedral episcopal see, the Catedral San Juan Bautista, in the city of Iquitos.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the 'new' Cattedrale di S. Maria Assunta e Ss.
The diocese is led by its bishop, the Rt.
Its canonical territory is the Republic of Moldova.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Janaúba is a diocese located in the city of Janaúba in the Ecclesiastical province of Montes Claros in Brazil.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ica) is a diocese located in the city of Ica in the Ecclesiastical province of Lima in Peru.
According to Church statistics, it is the most religious diocese in Poland, with 72.5% weekly Mass attendance.
The current bishop is Michel Armand Alexis Jean Pansard who was appointed on 1 August 2017 by Pope Francis.
It covers the City and County of San Francisco and the Counties of Marin and San Mateo.
Currently, Bishop Antun Škvorčević is head of the diocese.
It is centred in the city of Prizren.
It is one of six suffragan dioceses in the ecclesiastical province of Cashel and is subject to the Archdiocese of Cashel and Emly.
Originally established in the 3rd century, the diocese encompasses the department of Orne in the Region of Normandy.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Chiquinquirá is a diocese located in the city of Chiquinquirá in the Ecclesiastical province of Tunja in Colombia.
It is in the ecclesiastical province of Tuam and is subject to the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Tuam.
The diocese is headquartered in Fort Worth, Texas.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Fuzhou, Chinese: 福州) is an archdiocese located in the city of Fuzhou in China.
The Diocese of Vittorio Veneto is a Roman Catholic diocese in northern Italy, with capital in Vittorio Veneto.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Churchill–Hudson Bay is a Latin Catholic suffragan diocese in the ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Keewatin–Le Pas.
On 17 September 1998, Pope John Paul II appointed Father Raymond Saeed apostolic administrator for the Diocese.
As of 2013 the Diocese of Mississippi had 18,741 members, down from 20,925 in 2003.
The Diocese of Lebombo is a diocese in the Anglican Church of Southern Africa.
The Bishop of Metuchen presides from the Saint Francis of Assisi Cathedral in Metuchen.
On 13 November 2009 Pope Benedict XVI appointed him Apostolic Administrator "sede plena et ad nutum Sanctae Sedis" of Hoima Diocese.
The diocese's largest church is Frankfurt Cathedral, St. Bartholomew.
The Christian cemetery discovered near the Church of Sts.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tiruchirapalli/Trichy) is a diocese located in the city of Tiruchirapalli in the Ecclesiastical province of Madurai in India.
The Diocese of Copenhagen is a diocese within the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Denmark.
Operating a total of 22 churches in Canada and the United States, the diocese is headed by Metropolitan Methodius.
The Church Saint-Maclou became the Diocese of Pontoise's Cathedral when the diocese was created in 1966.
It is situated almost entirely in Bohemia, with only small eastern section in Moravia.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Messina-Lipari-Santa Lucia del Mela.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Blois is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
There are also many of Filipino and South East Asian descent.
The cathedral church and the official seat of a diocesan bishop are located in the city of Birobidzhan.
In June 2016, the diocese announced that it would allow legal same-gender marriages.
It includes a small part of northern Arizona.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Osorno is a suffragan diocese of the archdiocese of Puerto Montt, in Chile.
It has two suffragan dioceses : Eparchy of Košice and Eparchy of Bratislava.
The Episcopal Diocese of Fort Worth is a diocese of the Anglican Church in North America.
The Diocese of Sydney is a diocese within the Province of New South Wales of the Anglican Church of Australia.
Known as the church of "God's work.
It became a diocese of the Episcopal Church in 1836, one year before the State of Michigan entered the Union.
San Cristóbal de La Laguna o Tenerife
The diocese of Cần Thơ is a Roman Catholic diocese of Vietnam.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Šibenik is a diocese located in the city of Šibenik in the Ecclesiastical province of Split-Makarska in Croatia.
The diocese has one or more parishes in the US states of Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, North Carolina, Ohio, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, and Wisconsin.
His cathedral archiepiscopal see is in the Metropolitan Cathedral of the Holy Saviour.
Erected in 1948, the archdiocese is attached to the Archdiocese of Sydney but immediately subject to the Holy See.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint-Hyacinthe is a Latin rite suffragan of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Sherbrooke in Quebec, Canada.
It is currently ruled by Archeparch Chucrallah-Nabil El-Hage.
Many church holdings were destroyed during the course of the war, and the recovery is still an ongoing process.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ciego de Avila is a suffragan Latin diocese of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Camagüey, on Cuba.
The ELCA's roots are in the writings of the German church reformer, Martin Luther.
The diocese maintains approximately 7,200 on its parish rolls in 52 parishes, averaging one member per 100 km².
It was created and erected, January 12, 1985, and comprises 14 municipalities in the western part of the province of Pangasinan.
The Diocese of Kanyakumari is one of the 22 dioceses under the Church of South India.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ngozi) is a diocese located in the city of Ngozi in the Ecclesiastical province of Gitega in Burundi.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Cheongju is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Catholic Church located in Cheongju, South Korea.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Caçador is a diocese located in the city of Caçador in the Ecclesiastical province of Florianópolis in Brazil.
The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Castries, and a member of the Antilles Episcopal Conference.
It was elevated as a diocese on 23 December 1967.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the St. Paul of the Cross Pro-Cathedral, in Mandeville, Jamaica, administrative Manchester Parish, in west-central Jamaica along the southern coast.
It was also a former Roman Catholic bishopric.
The entire Davao Province was politically subdivided into three in 1967.
The diocese was erected on 30 December 2011 by Pope Benedict XVI.
It comprises nine deaneries subdivided into 176 parishes with a total of 443,000 members.
Headquartered in Seattle, the archdiocese encompasses all counties in the state west of the Cascade Range.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bucharest is the Latin Metropolitan archdiocese in Romania.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Luang Prabang is a Latin rite jurisdiction of the Catholic Church in Laos.
It is one of the nine original dioceses of the Episcopal Church and one of seven New England dioceses that make up Province 1.
The seat of the cathedral is the San Carlos Borromeo Cathedral in San Carlos City, Negros Occidental.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Sucre is an archdiocese located in the city of Sucre in Bolivia.
According to the church statistics 30.4 % of the dioceses population attended a church weekly in 2013.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Évry–Corbeil-Essonnes is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
After the victory of Napoleon Bonaparte of France, the archdiocese was lowered to a diocese and is now a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Cologne.
The present cathedral, which was begun in 1181, stands on the site of a monastery founded in the 6th century by Saint David.
Its fellow suffragans include the dioceses of Honolulu, Las Vegas, Reno, Sacramento, Salt Lake City, San Jose, Santa Rosa and Stockton.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Yokohama, Japanese: カトリック横浜教区) is a diocese located in the city of Yokohama in the Ecclesiastical province of Tokyo in Japan.
The see of the archdiocese is the city of Vigan.
Its cathedral episcopal see, Catedral São João Batista, is in the city of Cametá.
The diocese was established on 28 May 1965, having previously been a part of the larger Archdiocese of Southwark.
It comprises 102 churches in 11 counties in West Michigan.
The first four deaneries are located in the Archdeaconry of Richmond, and the latter four are in the Archdeaconry of Leeds.
This diocese has a huge territory in north India, including 22 of the 29 states of India.
He was consecrated and installed at Blessed Sacrament Cathedral, Montego Bay on June 8, 2013.
The diocese is headquartered in Bodø at the Bodø Cathedral, the seat of the presiding Bishop Tor Berger Jørgensen.
Eparchy of Braničevo is one of the eparchies of the Serbian Orthodox Church, with the seat at Braničevo, Serbia.
The Diocese covers an area of 1,350 km², and is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Hanoi.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Guarabira is a diocese located in the city of Guarabira in the Ecclesiastical province of Paraíba in Brazil.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tepic) is a suffragan Latin diocese in the ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Guadalajara in western Mexico.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Nashik) is a diocese located in the city of Nashik in the Ecclesiastical province of Bombay in India.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Daet is a diocese located in the capital town of Daet in the Ecclesiastical province of Camarines Norte in the Philippines.
The creation of the diocese in present form was declared November 24, 1960.
It is led by Bishop William Francis Malooly, whose seat is the Cathedral of Saint Peter in the City of Wilmington.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Bangueolo was a vicariate established by the Catholic White Fathers missionary society in 1913 what is now Zambia.
The diocesan cathedral church is the Cathedral Church of Christ the King in Grafton.
On September 14, 1998 the diocese reverted to the Archdiocese of Regina and the Diocese of Saskatoon.
Its 192 parishes are divided between the Province of Savona in the region Liguria and the Province of Cuneo in the region Piedmont.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Duluth is a Roman Catholic diocese in Minnesota.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Rodrigues is a Roman Catholic apostolic vicariate located on the island of Rodrigues in Mauritius.
Bishop Marko Culej was the first to be head of the diocese.
The Diocese of Sigtuna was a Catholic diocese founded in Sigtuna, Sweden, established in the mid 11th century.
The diocese comprises the department of Vendée.
The diocese is a part of Province II of the Episcopal Church.
It incorporates the former Episcopal Diocese of The Platte.
St.Patrick's Cathedral was rededicated on October 22, 1987.
The Italian Catholic Diocese of Livorno in Tuscany, was created in 1806.
Pope Pius XII elevated it on April 11, 1946 to the rank of a metropolitan archdiocese, with the suffragan sees of Haimen, Shanghai, Suzhou, and Xuzhou.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Takamatsu is a diocese comprising the island of Shikoku, with its cathedral, Sakuramachi Cathedral Church, located in the city of Takamatsu.
It constitutes the entire province of Albay in the Philippines.
In 1982 he entered the seminary of Quilmes.
The Archdiocese of Malta is a metropolitan archdiocese of the Latin Rite of the Catholic Church in Malta.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Hanzhong/Nancheng, Chinese: 漢中, 南鄭) is a diocese located in the city of Hanzhong in the Ecclesiastical province of Xi'an in China.
The modern diocese was erected in 1828, when the historical archdiocese of Salona was combined with the Diocese of Makarska.
The parish church in Sawantwadi, dedicated to Our Lady of Miracles, will serve as the cathedral for the diocese.
The diocese of Lleida was created in the 3rd century.
Since 1854 its bishops have held the title of Bishop of Coutances.
The Bishop of Visby is also responsible for the episcopal oversight of the Church of Sweden Abroad.
The first diocesan bishop of Antipolo was the late Protacio G. Gungon.
The Italian Catholic Archdiocese of Brindisi-Ostium in Apulia, has carried its present name since 1986.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Cayenne is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Fort-de-France.
Leofdag is said to have been martyred by the heathen at Ribe.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Suzhou/Wuxian, Chinese: 蘇州, 吳縣) is a diocese located in the city of Suzhou in the Ecclesiastical province of Nanjing in China.
The cathedral of the diocese is the Cathedral of St. Philip the Apostle, which is located in the city of San Felipe de Puerto Plata,
Before it was known as the Diocese of Marsi.
It was united in 1986 with the Diocese of Città della Pieve.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Urundi was created on the same date, serving the territory of what is now Burundi and led by Bishop Julien-Louis-Edouard-Marie Gorju.
On 1 July 2008 Tor Singsaas took over the position.
He very much enjoyed the social life of Marseille, but after the execution of Louis XVI on 21 January 1793, Roux joined the counter-revolutionaries.
The cathedral church of the diocese is situated at Calicut and the Bishops House at Calicut
The diocese was created on June 3, 1963 from the territory of Archdiocese of Lingayen-Dagupan.
The Diocese of Abakaliki is a Roman Catholic diocese with its headquarters in Abakaliki, Nigeria.
Its cathedral episcopal see is catedral San Pedro, in Zacapa.
Its cathedral and diocesan offices are in Fredericton, New Brunswick, Canada.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Northern Nyanza was a Roman Catholic missionary jurisdiction in present Uganda.
The state with most congregations is Washington, with 14.
The Diocese of Makurdi is a diocese of the Anglican Church of Nigeria, in the Abuja Province, that is roughly contiguous with Benue State.
The diocese covers an area of 2,200 km², and is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Hanoi.
It was a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Hermosillo until 25 November 2006.
In 2010, it counted 61,000 baptized people among a population of 400,000 inhabitants.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Darwin is a suffragan Latin Rite diocese of the Archdiocese of Adelaide based in Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia.
The Metropolis of Bessarabia, also referred to as the Bessarabian Orthodox Church, is a Moldovan autonomous Eastern Orthodox Metropolitan bishopric of the Romanian Orthodox Church.
In 2009 its name was changed to Archdiocese of Avignon, the secondary titles being suppressed.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Matera-Irsina in Basilicata, Italy, has existed under this name since 1986.
It was the first diocese in the Episcopal Church to elect a woman, Mary Adelia Rosamond McLeod, as diocesan bishop.
The cathedral of the territorial prelature is the Shrine of the Virgin of the Rosary of Pompei.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the Catedral del Sagrado Corazón, dedicated to the Sacred Heart, in the city of Barrancabermeja in Santander State, Colombia.
The SJAFC is also partnered with other ministries to help with their mission.
A striking example of American neo-gothic architecture, the Cathedral dominates the southern skyline of Spokane as it sits high upon a hill overlooking downtown.
The Italian Catholic Archdiocese of Catanzaro-Squillace in Calabria, has existed in its current form since 1986.
The Catholic diocese was succeeded by the Pomeranian Evangelical Church.
On 22 July 2015 Fr Joseph Kodakallil was appointed the third bishop of Satna.
The Diocese of Elphin is a Roman Catholic diocese in the western part of Ireland.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lezhë is a diocese located in the city of Lezhë in the Ecclesiastical province of Shkodër–Pult in Albania.
The diocese is subdivided into 39 parishes, which are grouped by four regions.
Currently the diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Clermont.
Its suffragan bishops are the Bishop of Augsburg, the Bishop of Passau, and the Bishop of Regensburg.
The final rupture occurred definitively in 1569 when Queen Elizabeth I demanded that the Bishops hand the island over to the Bishop of Winchester.
Its see at Setúbal is south of Lisbon.
The Italian Catholic Diocese of Orvieto-Todi, in central Italy, was created in 1986 when the historical Diocese of Orvieto was united to the Diocese of Todi.
The Territorial Prelature of Chuquibambilla is a Roman Catholic territorial prelature located in the city of Chuquibambilla in the Ecclesiastical province of Cuzco in Peru.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Capiz is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in the Philippines.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the Cathedral of St. Joseph the Worker, in the city of Mpika.
It is a suffragan see of the Archdiocese of Miami.
The outer walls and facade have been retained, but there is now a vault roof of concrete.
In 2014, in the Archdiocese of Rennes, Dol, and Saint-Malo there was one priest for every 2,537 Catholics.
Nawiedzenia Matki Bożej in Sejny is within the diocese.
It is exempt or directly subject to the Holy See, not being part of any ecclesiastical province.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Florianópolis is an archdiocese located in the city of Florianópolis in Brazil.
The current bishop of the diocese is John Hsane Hgyi, appointed in 2003.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Sibolga) is a diocese located in the city of Sibolga in the Ecclesiastical province of Medan in Indonesia.
It is a suffragan see of the Archdiocese of Cincinnati.
It was made immediately subject to the Apostolic See and to its rector was granted the right of using episcopal insignia seven times in the year.
Its cathedral episcopal see is a World Heritage Site: Cathédrale Notre-Dame in Bayonne dedicated to Our Lady.
Carmelo Zammit was installed as bishop on 24 September 2016.
The Diocese of Bolzano-Brixen is a Catholic diocese in northern Italy, with its seat in the city of Bolzano.
Its cathedral episcopal see is Katedral Santa Maria Imakulata located in the city of Atambua.
On 29 April 2010 Pope Benedict XVI elevated the Apostolic Prefecture of Quetta to the rank of apostolic vicariate.
Pope John Paul II appointed him as the first bishop of the Diocese of Mati on November 9, 1984 and has now served 24 years.
It has no cathedral and the diocesan offices are located in Fairbanks.
Pope Benedict XVI appointed David John Malloy, as the ninth and current bishop on March 20, 2012.
The Abbey of the Santissima Trinità at Venosa comes under the Diocese.
It is vacant without Apostolic administrator since 2016.11.30.
The Diocese of Huron is a diocese of the Ecclesiastical Province of Ontario of the Anglican Church of Canada.
The diocese covers an area of 11,311 km² of the Patna state, comprising the districts Buxar, Bhojpur, Bhabua, and Rohtas.
The present diocese, erected 13 March 1963, revives a larger colonial bishopric.
The diocese was erected in 745; from the Middle Ages until 1805, it was a state of the Holy Roman Empire.
The Italian Catholic Diocese of Ragusa is in Sicily, and has existed since 1955.
The Territorial Prelature of Cristalândia is a territorial prelature located in the city of Cristalândia in the Ecclesiastical province of Palmas in Brazil.
Sacred Heart Cathedral in Phan Thiết city has been assigned as the Cathedral of the diocese.
The archdiocese has three auxiliary bishops, Mar Sebastian Adayantharath, Mar Jose Puthenveetil and Mar Bosco Puthur.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Alaminos is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines.
Its cathedral episcopal see is Catedral Nossa Senhora dos Prazeres, dedicated to Our Lady of Joy, in the city of Lages.
The Roman Catholic diocese of Hvar-Brač-Vis) is a diocese in the Dalmatian islands in Croatia.
He completed his philosophical and theological studies at St. Joseph's Seminary in Mangalore, India.
directly subject to the Holy See, not part of any ecclesiastical province.
It is currently held by Charles John Brown the Apostolic Nuncio to Ireland.
The Archdiocese of Saragossa is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory located in north-eastern Spain, in the province of Zaragoza, part of the autonomous community of Aragón.
The diocese comprises the Department of Haute-Garonne.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Concepción en Paraguay is a diocese located in the city of Concepción in the Ecclesiastical province of Asunción in Paraguay.
Mar George Alencherry is the present Major Archbishop.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Puyo is an Apostolic Vicariate of the Roman Catholic Church.
It stands in a gorge of the Finestre Hills.
| website = | footnotes = }}
Its current bishop is the Mar John Vadakel, of the Carmelites of Mary Immaculate, who was ordained bishop 22 October 2009.
The diocese was erected according to an unsteady tradition in the third century, as a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Bordeaux.
It is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Paderborn.
The Roman Catholic Territorial Prelature of El Salto is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Durango.
Mar Paul Chittilapilly is the bishop emeritus of the diocese.
The Episcopal Diocese of Springfield is a diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.
By 2013, the archdiocese had approximately 1.5 million Roman Catholics and 75 diocesan priests.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Ende) is a Latin Metropolitan archdiocese in the Lesser Sunda Islands, Indonesia.
In Ukrainian Churches the patron saint of the Church is always represented behind the altar.
St. Joseph's Cathedral in Lạng Sơn has been assigned as the Cathedral of the diocese.
It was founded on March 2, 1968.
Originally erected according to legend in the 5th century, the diocese was suppressed by the French Revolution.
The Cathedral is located at Trädgårdsgatan in Härnösand.
William Murdoch was elected as the first bishop of the diocese.
At the time of his appointment, he was Professor of Theology at Ggaba National Seminary in Kampala, Uganda.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Caruaru is a diocese located in the city of Caruaru in the Ecclesiastical province of Olinda e Recife in Brazil.
It is bordered to the north by the Archdiocese of Saint Paul and Minneapolis, of which is a suffragan see, and the Diocese of New Ulm.
By 2004, the diocese had 6,078 believers, 4 priests and 11 parishes.
There is now a de facto and hostile border splitting the diocese.
On the fulfilment of his promise the premises and lands of the former Tvis Abbey were bestowed upon him.
St. Augustine is the oldest continuously inhabited European-established settlement in the continental United States.
The terrain is generally hilly bounded by mountains on the north and the Sibuyan Bay on the south.
The diocese of Juneau is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Anchorage.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Mechelen-Brussel.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jingxian/Kinghsien, Chinese: 景縣) is a diocese located in the city of Jingxian in the Ecclesiastical province of Beijing in China.
Calaveras, Tuolumne, and Alpine counties are located on the western side of the Sierra Nevada mountain range.
In 1853, the name was changed from the Diocese of Quimper to the Diocese of Quimper and Léon.
The episcopal see is located in the city of Moulins.
The diocese held its first Diocesan Synod in March 2011 led by the Apostolic Nuncio to the Philippines.
The Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Kalyan is an Eastern Catholic eparchy in India within the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church, based in Kalyan, India.
The Latin translates to : "In this sign, you will conquer."
It is divided in three archdeaconries, Central Lesotho, Northern Lesotho and Southern Lesotho.
As of 2012 the diocese had 50,000 members in 81 congregations organised in 35 parishes.
The pro-cathedrals are St Paul's Cathedral, Valletta, Malta, and Pro-Cathedral of the Holy Trinity, Brussels, Belgium.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Gweru) is a suffragan diocese in the city of Gweru in the ecclesiastical province of Bulawayo in Zimbabwe.
Its cathedral archiepiscopal see is Catedral Metropolitana Sagrado Coração de Jesus, dedicated to the Sacred Heart of Jesus, in the city of Londrina.
Its cathedral episcopal see is Catedral Santo Antônio, dedicated to Saint Anthony, in the city of Campo Maior, Piauí.
The Italian Catholic Diocese of Ariano Irpino-Lacedonia is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Benevento.
On 25 October 2014, Pope Francis appointed Quesnel Alphonse, S.M.M.
Its ecclesiastical territory comprises Georgia's northern counties, including the capital of Atlanta.
In 2015, in the diocese of Amalfi there was one priest for every 1,199 Catholics.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Owerri is located in Owerri, Imo State, Nigeria.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Musoma is a diocese located in Musoma in the Ecclesiastical province of Mwanza in Tanzania.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cascavel is an archdiocese located in the city of Cascavel in Brazil.
The main town, where is St. Julian's cathedral church, is Caltagirone.
But it was out of these rocky roots that today we rejoice to the harvest of a young, buoyant and vibrant Awgu ecclesiastical circumscription.
The Archdiocese of Portland in Oregon is an archdiocese of the Roman Catholic Church in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States.
The Diocese is organized into 56 congregations, with its diocesan office in Little Rock.
Erected in 1974, the diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Palo.
It also has a former Cathedral and Minor Basilica: Basilica of the Immaculate Conception, in Natchitoches, Louisiana.
At the southern boundary of the diocese are the states of Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Orissa.
In 1980, Muzaffarpur Diocese was formed from a part of Patna Diocese and made suffragan of Ranchi.
To assist the Missionaries, the Loreto Sisters from Ireland opened a Convent in the red Lodge on Purulia Road, Ranchi, in March 1890.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Loikaw is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Burma.
The Cathedral of St Michael and St John the Baptist is the episcopal see of the Bishop of Bathurst, presently Michael McKenna.
It was established by Pope Paul VI on 11 July 1978.
The Diocesan Bishop from July 2009 - November 2017 was Robert Bennett, who retired November 1, 2016.
immediately subject to the Holy See, also in Bratislava.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Apucarana is a diocese located in the city of Apucarana in the Ecclesiastical province of Londrina in Brazil.
It was elevated on February 12, 1546.
Its first and current eparch is Kuriakose Bharanikulangara, with the personal title of archbishop.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Saitama, Japanese: カトリックさいたま教区) is a diocese located in the city of Saitama in the Ecclesiastical province of Tokyo in Japan.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bareilly) is a diocese located in the city of Bareilly in the Ecclesiastical province of Agra in India.
It is one of the biggest dioceses in the Church of South India.
The archdiocese is one of two Austrian archdioceses, serving alongside the Archdiocese of Vienna.
The diocese covers an area of 6,772 km², and is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Ho Chi Minh city.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jujuy is in the city of San Salvador de Jujuy, Argentina and is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Salta.
The total population of the diocese is about 7.5 million, out of which Christians are about 200,000.
These priests, deacons and persons religious serve a Catholic population in South Florida of 1,300,000 in 118 parishes and missions.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Parintins is a diocese located in the city of Parintins in the Ecclesiastical province of Manaus in Brazil.
It was elevated, along with other Oceanic vicariates and prefectures, to a diocese on 15 November 1966.
It is a suffragan diocese of the archdiocese of Bangkok.
The Archdiocese of Paderborn is an Archdiocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Germany; its seat is Paderborn.
The archdiocese's cathedral is the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception.
The current bishop is Thomas Chung An-zu, appointed in June 2007.
It is headed by Bishop Savva and supported by the Moscow Patriarchate.
The Cathedral Parish of St. Andrew in La Huerta, Parañaque City, serves as the seat of the diocese.
Due to the presence of Carinthian Slovenes, the organizational structures of the diocese are bilingual.
Stanislav Szyrokoradiuk is the current bishop of the diocese.
On 13 March 2013, then-Archbishop Jorge Mario Bergoglio was elected as Pope, under the name of Francis.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of La Ceiba is a diocese located in Honduras in the Ecclesiastical province of Tegucigalpa.
The Archdiocese of Davao is an ecclesiastical jurisdiction of the Catholic Church in the Philippines.
The Diocese of Victoria is a diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
The Diocese of Jaffna is a Roman Catholic diocese for northern Sri Lanka, that dates back as far as the time of St. Francis Xavier.
In 1869, it was demoted as the Apostolic Prefecture of Denmark.
Its cathedral episcopal see is Catedral de Nuestra Señora de la Corteza, in the city of Acarigua.
Bishop Audilio Aguilar Aguilar was born on August 4, 1963, in Cañazas, Panama, located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Santiago de Veraguas, Panama.
Its only suffragan is the Diocese of Ales-Terralba.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Keningau is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Malaysia.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Chalatenango is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of San Salvador.
The Archdiocese of Thare and Nonseng is located in the north-east of Thailand.
Its cathedral see is the Marian 'Catedral La Inmaculada', dedicated to the Immaculate Conception, in Puerto Baquerizo Moreno, on San Cristóbal Island.
The Archdiocese's cathedral is the Cathedral of St. Joseph in Baghdad, not to be confused with the Cathedral of St. Joseph located in Ankawa, Iraq.
The see is currently vacant, with the Most Rev.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Santa Cruz de la Sierra is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in Bolivia.
Prior to the American Revolution few Catholics lived within Virginia.
The Vicariate currently has 2 parishes with a combined community of 6,300 Catholics, served by 2 religious priests, 6 female religious, and 2 male religious.
It is one of ten dioceses, plus the Convocation of Episcopal Churches in Europe, that make up Province 2.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Sassari
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Vélez is a diocese located in the city of Vélez in the Ecclesiastical province of Bucaramanga in Colombia.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Warangal) is a diocese located in the city of Warangal in the Ecclesiastical province of Hyderabad in India.
In a land area of 3,819 square kilometers, the diocesan territory covers the districts of East and West Jaintia Hills in Meghalaya.
The Cathedral Church of St Peter in Exeter is the seat of the diocesan Bishop of Exeter.
As of 2002, of the 4.2 million citizen 3,460 are member of the Catholic Church.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Villavicencio is an archdiocese located in the city of Villavicencio in Colombia.
The bishop's seat is located in the Cathedral Church of the Blessed Virgin Mary and Saint Chad in the city of Lichfield.
The diocese covers the districts of Banmaw, Mansi, Momauk and Shwegu, all in Kachin State.
It has jurisdiction over the region of Herzegovina, littoral region of southern Dalmatia in Croatia and a small part of Montenegro.
The diocese of Thai Binh is a Roman Catholic diocese in northern Vietnam.
They are served by 223 priests, 26 deacons, 68 brothers and 474 sisters.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Yuci, Chinese: 榆次) is a diocese located in the city of Yuci in the Ecclesiastical province of Taiyuan in China.
The Eparchy of Marča refers to two historical ecclesiastical entities: Eastern Orthodox eparchy and Eastern Catholic vicariate.
The state with most congregations is California with 20, followed by Arizona with 8.
The term vas derived from the name of the monastery at Marča near Ivanić-Grad, Habsburg Monarchy.
Its cathedral episcopal see is St. Patrick's Cathedral, dedicated to St. Patrick, in Thunder Bay, Ontario.
The Archdiocese of Calabozo is a Roman Catholic archdiocese in Venezuela.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kingstown is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Caribbean.
The first bishop is Nigerian-born Felix Orji.
In the Diocese of Cahors in 2013 there was one priest for every 2,295 Catholics.
The archdiocese includes about 700,000 Catholics, more than 500 priests, 216 parishes and almost 300 deacons.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bucaramanga is an archdiocese located in the city of Bucaramanga in Colombia.
Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Thamarassery comes under the Province of Tellicherry.
In 2014, in the diocese of Teano-Calvi there was one priest for every 1,197 Catholics.
The Vicariate Apostolic of Puerto Carreño in the Catholic Church is located in the city of Puerto Carreño in Colombia.
The first and current bishop is the Right Rev Sebenzile Elliot Williams.
It is one of two suffragan dioceses in the ecclesiastical province of Cardiff and is subject to the Archdiocese of Cardiff.
Its mother church is the Cathedral of Coutance in the commune of Coutances in France.
His episcopal ordination was held July 31, 2010 in Casper, Wyoming.
It is a Metropolitan See that comprises the Bicol region, while directly overseeing the third, fourth, and fifth congressional districts of Camarines Sur.
The Archdiocese of Uppsala is one of the thirteen dioceses of the Church of Sweden and the only one having the status of an archdiocese.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Itapeva is a diocese located in the city of Itapeva in the Ecclesiastical province of Sorocaba in Brazil.
Its cathedral archiepiscopal see is a Minor Basilica: Basilique-Cathédrale Saint-Boniface Basilique-Cathédrale Saint-Boniface, Winnipeg.
It comprises several counties of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
The Italian Catholic Diocese of Lanusei is in Sardinia; before 1986 it was the diocese of Ogliastra.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Santo Tomé, is located in the city of Santo Tomé, in the province of Santa Fe, Argentina.
D'Arcy gave sixty six years of his life in the service of the Church.
The diocese with see at Dolia, now Dolianova, in Sardinia was suppressed in 1503, its territory going to the diocese of Cagliari.
The diocese is one of the smallest dioceses in England and Wales in geographical area, but the largest in terms of Catholic population and priests.
Its cathedral is St. Peter Cathedral in Marquette, which replaced Holy Name of Mary Pro-Cathedral at Sault Ste.
It was a founding diocese of the Anglican Church in North America in June 2009.
It is one of 15 dioceses that make up the Province of the Midwest.
There are 67 congregations in the diocese.
The Diocese of Natal covers the western part of the South African province of KwaZulu-Natal, west and south of the Tugela and Buffalo rivers.
The diocese of Vyatka and Great Perm was established in 1656.
The See city for the diocese is Davenport.
Its episcopal see is located in the city of Xiangyang.
Melkite Greek Catholic Patriarchal Exarchate of Istanbul is an immediate Patriarchal Exarchate of the Melkite Greek Catholic Church in Istanbul.
It is part of the Province of Canterbury.
There are 51 parishes, comprising 40 churches, 31 chapels and 26 halls for religious service.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Joliette is a suffragan in Joliette of the Archdiocese of Montréal.
Kvirina, dedicated to Saint martyr Quirinus of Sescia.
It also has a World Heritage Site : the Cistercian Monastery of Santa María, in Sobrado dos Monxes, A Coruña, Galicia.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Marsabit) is a diocese located in the city of Marsabit in the Ecclesiastical province of Nyeri in Kenya.
However, the real impetus came from Fr Constant Lievens, who arrived at Doranda on March 18, 1885.
The archdiocese was reestablished in 1818 without temporal power.
The see is directly subject to the Holy See and its Roman Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Xianxian/Síenhsíen, Chinese: 獻縣) is a diocese located in the city of Xianxian in the Ecclesiastical province of Beijing in China.
Fossano became an episcopal see in 1592.
The Diocese of Aversa is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in Campania, southern Italy, created in 1053.
There are 150 diocesan priests, 144 religious priests, 79 permanent deacons, 388 women religious, and 78 religious brothers.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Hamilton in Bermuda is a diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in North America.
On 14 March 2015, Audrey Scanlan was elected to become the next bishop of the diocese, with her consecration scheduled for September 2015.
The bishop since 2008 has been Halvor Nordhaug.
Since 1992, he was a Professor of Canon Law and Moral Theology at St. Joseph's Seminary, Mangalore.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Assis is a diocese located in the city of Assis in the Ecclesiastical province of Botucatu in Brazil.
The Diocese of Oxford is a Church of England diocese that forms part of the Province of Canterbury.
The seat of the bishop was set up in Stari Grad, and the present-day Church of St. Stephen was its cathedral.
On December 11, 2009 the Archdiocese lost its longest serving priest when Father D'Arcy D'Souza, 97, died in Holy Family Hospital.
It has a cathedral episcopal see, the Catedral San Marón, located in the national capital Buenos Aires.
On January 25, 2014, the appointment of Bishop Ramos as Provisional Bishop of Puerto Rico was ratified by the Diocesan Assembly.
It is a metropolitan see in southern Mindanao.
The total population within the Diocese of Arlington, Catholic and non-Catholic, was 2,968,486.
The cathedral parish is Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception and its co-cathedral is the Cathedral of St. Joseph in St. Joseph, Missouri.
The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Seattle; its metropolitan bishop is J. Peter Sartain.
He succeeds Archbishop William Joseph Kurtz, S.V.D., whose resignation was accepted upon having reached the age limit.
The diocese includes all Episcopal congregations in the counties of Santa Clara, Santa Cruz, San Benito, Monterey, and San Luis Obispo.
It was the first missionary diocese of CANA launched by the Church of Nigeria in the United States and Canada.
Its largest metropolitan areas are Austin, Bryan – College Station, the Killeen – Temple – Fort Hood area and Waco.
It was erected as an Apostolic Administration in 2000, after being split from the Diocese of Skopje and Prizren.
Eke Parish was the cradle of the faith that has today become the Diocese of Nsukka, Abakaliki, Makurdi, Oturkpo, Ogoja, and Enugu.
The cathedral episcopal seat is the Saint Joseph Cathedral in the city of Groningen, capital of the province of the same name.
In 1939 this area was detached from Lahore to become a separate diocese.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint Gallen is a Roman Catholic diocese in St. Gallen, Switzerland.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ocaña is a diocese located in the city of Ocaña in the Ecclesiastical province of Nueva Pamplona in Colombia.
It covers Lutheran churches in Troms and Finnmark counties as well as Svalbard.
Box 186, 158 Sinsuat Ave., Rosary Heights, 9600 Cotabato City.
The former Roman Catholic diocese of Viborg, in Denmark existed from 1065 to the Protestant Reformation.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Masaka) is a diocese located in the city of Masaka in the Ecclesiastical province of Kampala in Uganda.
Bishop James D. Conley is the current ordinary of the Diocese.
Born at Nyamigisa, Masindi, on 25 February 1930, was ordained Priest at Nyamigisa Parish, Masindi, on 7 December 1958.
In 2012 the diocese was served by 65 parish priests, 7 assistant priests and 13 deacons in across its 74 parishes.
Florida is the state with most congregations.
Its best-known Low Church parish is Trinity Church in Boston's Copley Square.
It also incorporates the ancient Diocese of Orkney, founded in 1035.
The diocesan headquarters are located in the city of Vanadzor.
The diocesan bishop since 1995 has been Terrence Buckle, who was also Metropolitan of the Province of British Columbia and Yukon from 2005–2009.
The diocese is divided into two archdeaconries:
Inactive during the Soviet occupation of Bessarabia and the Soviet rule in Moldova, it was re-activated on 14 September 1992.
He studied Divinity at the Minor and Major Seminaries of San Luis Potosí.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Barahona is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Santo Domingo.
The Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Kothamangalam is an East Syrian Catholic eparchy in India, under the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Syrmia is diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church, in Serbia.
Andrew Francis from the Archdiocese of Lahore as the new bishop.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Allahabad) is a diocese located in the city of Allahabad in the Ecclesiastical province of Agra in India.
The Dean of St. John's Cathedral is the Very Reverend Paul Johnson.
It is subject to the Archdiocese of Đakovo-Osijek.
It encompasses the western part of the state of Oregon, from the summit of the Cascades to the Pacific Ocean.
A century later on November 7, 1993 his mortal remains were re-interred in the Ranchi Cathedral.
Erected in 1979, the diocese was created from territory in the Archdiocese of Davao.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Beijing is a Metropolitan Latin archdiocese in PR China.
It is divided into six archdeaconries: Cobue, Lunho, Lichinga, Milange, Rio Chire and Lurio.
He was then called to Rome to assume the offices of Bursar and, from 1999 to 2005, Rector of the Pontifical Mexican College.
The diocesan bishop is assisted by the suffragan bishop, the bishop of Repton.
The diocesan Bishop of Ripon had his cathedral church at Ripon.
Its cathedral church is the Cathedral of Saint Paul, located at 134 West Seventh Street, Erie, PA 16501.
The diocese was then a suffragan of the archdiocese of Reggio in Calabria.
Gabriel Druillettes, Louis André, Henri Nouvel, and Pierre Bailloquet.
The Italian Catholic diocese of Caltagirone is situated in the east of Sicily.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kupang is an archdiocese located in the city of Kupang, East Nusa Tenggara province in Indonesia.
The level of Sunday mass attendance is also lower than the Polish nation's average about 31.3% of all Catholics in the diocese, as of 2013.
The Eparchy of Pathanamthitta constitutes the Malankara Syrian Catholic community in the Vicinity of Pathanamthitta in the Indian State of Kerala.
It covers the province of Ilocos Sur, on the island of Luzon.
Currently he is also Episcopal Vicar for Consecrated Life of the Archdiocese of Tijuana.
The diocese was founded on 20 September 1785, and its area is 12 500 km².
In that year, the Diocese of Ferentino was united into the Diocese of Veroli-Frosinone; which was the name of the historic Diocese of Veroli from 1956.
It has existed since the third century.
Robert Llanos, Auxiliary Bishop of Port of Spain, not its own Metropolitan, acting as Apostolic Administrator.
It was made a diocese, keeping the name of Tunis, on 31 May 1995, and raised to the rank of archdiocese on 22 May 2010.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Yucatán is the diocese of the Catholic Church based in Mérida, Yucatán, Mexico; the Campeche and the Tabasco are its suffragans.
In 1969, the territory of the municipalities of Plav, Gusinje, and Vojno Selo were added to the Archbishopric from the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Skopje.
It comprises the twenty-one most northern counties of the lower peninsula of the state, and includes the cities of Gaylord, Traverse City, Alpena, Manistee and Petoskey.
His early resignation due to his deteriorating health was approved by Pope Benedict XVI on January 25, 2013.
This diocese before the French Revolution, aside from Maillezais, included the present arrondissements of Marennes, Rochefort, La Rochelle, and a part of Saint-Jean-d'Angély.
On June 9, 1987, the Diocese of Nashik was created, comprising four districts - Nashik, Dhule, Jalgaon and Ahmednagar - of the Poona Diocese.
The largest parishes in the diocese are Christ Church, San Antonio, St Mark's, San Antonio, St Luke's, San Antonio and Good Shepherd, Corpus Christi.
Perhaps the most prominent of these is Trinity School for Ministry, a leading evangelical, low church seminary in the Anglican tradition.
First Apostolic Administrator of Prizren was titular bishop Marko Sopi of Celerina, who served from 2000 to 2006.
As of May 2008, the diocese had more than one million Catholics in 80 parishes served by 208 priests, 160 deacons, 142 sisters, and seven brothers.
He also serves as administrator of the Diocese of Trebinje-Mrkan.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of New Ulm is a Roman Catholic diocese in western Minnesota, United States.
In 1060, Jutland north of the Kongeå was divided into the four Dioceses of Ribe, Aarhus, Viborg and Vestervig.
There is approximately one priest for every 222 persons.
The current Diocesan Bishop of Southeast Florida is the Cuban-born Right Reverend Leopold Frade.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Petrópolis is a diocese located in the city of Petrópolis in the Ecclesiastical province of Niterói in Brazil.
Virtually all of the churches in the bishopric sustained some damage, and many were destroyed.
For the Archdiocese in California, USA, please see Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Francisco
It covers an area of 7,484 Square Miles and serves 980,000 inhabitants of which 86% is Roman Catholic.
The oldest church in the diocese is the parish church of St. Martinville, dating back to 1765.
Although still named after its see, it has no cathedral see anymore since Tripoli Cathedral was converted into a Muslim mosque.
It was established by Pope Paul VI on 18 July 1969.
It comprises Monterey, San Benito, San Luis Obispo, and Santa Cruz counties.
The Diocese of Acerno was combined with the archdiocese in 1818.
Erected in 1974, the diocese has experienced no jurisdictional changes, and is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Capiz.
Led by an archbishop, the Archdiocese of New Orleans is the center of a larger ecclesiastical province that encompasses the entire state of Louisiana.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Laval is a Roman Catholic Latin Rite diocese in France.
The episcopal leader of the diocese is the Bishop of Natal.
The Diocese of Syracuse is a Catholic diocese headquartered in Syracuse, New York, United States.
The Bishop's See is in Coulby Newham, Middlesbrough, at St Mary's Cathedral.
On September 20, 2013, Pope Francis named Donald Joseph Kettler bishop.
The ecclesiastical province was divided into the Diocese of Mananthavady and Diocese of Thalassery in 1973 and in 1986, the diocese of Thamarassery was erected.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Sanyuan, Chinese: 三原) is a diocese located in the city of Sanyuan in the Ecclesiastical province of Xi'an in China.
Originally a major part of the defunct Grass Valley Diocese, the present-day diocese was established by Pope Leo XIII on May 28, 1886.
The diocese comprises the Départment of Alpes-Maritimes.
The cathedral is Gloucester Cathedral and the bishop is the Bishop of Gloucester.
Its cathedral episcopal see is , located in the city of San Fernando de Apure.
Its cathedral see, Catedral Prelatícia Nossa Senhora da Assunção, is located in the city of São Félix do Araguaia.
The current bishop is the Most Reverend Roger Joseph Foys, D.D.
The church originated as The English Church when it was first erected in 1803.
Because of the Annexation of Crimea by the Russian Federation in March 2014 some part of faithful and clergy left the Exarchate and Exarch wasn't appointed.
The archbishop received the title "primate of Gallia Belgica" in 1089.
As of 2006, the diocese contained 47 parishes, 35 active diocesan priests, 23 religious priests and 310,000 Catholics.
The Right Reverend Edwin "Ted" Gulick, Jr., Bishop of Kentucky, was chosen as provisional bishop and other vacant diocesan offices were filled.
Its cathedral archiepiscopal see is Catedral Metropolitana Nossa Senhora da Conceiçao, dedicated to Our Lady of Immaculate Conception, in the city of Aracaju.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vitória is an archdiocese located in the city of Vitória in Brazil.
Bishop Couttolenc was born in Puebla, Mexico, on May 13, 1956.
This is in decided contrast to other dioceses within the Fourth Province, especially in places like South Carolina, Tennessee, and Texas.
The diocese has experienced some jurisdictional changes since the time the Diocese of Pasig was created.
Its cathedral episcopal see is located in the city of Kabinda.
The diocese is the metropolitan of the Diocese of Pécs and the Diocese of Szeged-Csanád.
The Diocese of Kerry is a Roman Catholic diocese in south-western Ireland.
Its Current Metropolitan Archbishop is Orlando Beltran Cardinal Quevedo.
It took the first part of its name from the acronym for the Rwandan church's official French name.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lexington is a Roman Catholic diocese in Kentucky founded on January 14, 1988.
The Episcopal Diocese of New Jersey forms part of Province II of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.
Their first bishop is the Right Rev.
It was erected as a mission sui juris in 1950 and was elevated, first to a vicariate apostolic in 1958, then to a diocese in 1993.
The Diocese of La Spezia-Sarzana-Brugnato is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in Liguria, northern Italy, created in 1986.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston is an ecclesiastical territory or Archdiocese of the Roman Catholic Church in the New England region of the United States.
As of 2010 the diocese consisted of 104 parishes and 2 monasteries served by 104 full-time priests and 14 deacons.
The Italian Catholic Diocese of Acqui straddles the regions of Piedmont and Liguria.
The seminary is in the Jesuit college given by king Carlos III.
The cathedral is Guildford Cathedral and the bishop is the Bishop of Guildford.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Valleyfield is a Catholic diocese in Quebec and a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Montreal.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Mukachevo is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Catholic Church in Ukraine.
The Archdiocese of Poznań) is one of 14 archdioceses located in Poland, with the seat located in Poznań.
The diocese was erected in 1961 from the Archdiocese of Nueva Segovia.
Since 2010, he has been serving as Vicar General of the Diocese of San Juan de los Lagos.
The Archdiocese covers a total area of 10,761 square kilomenters in Zulia State.
Its Cathedral archiepiscopal see is the Cathedral of Santo Domingo, Cusco, dedicated to Saint Dominic.
The diocese forms part of the ecclesiastical province of Zaragoza, and is thus suffragan to the Archdiocese of Zaragoza.
Alfred Willis [British]; married Emma Mary Simeon, daughter of Charles Simeon
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bo was created in January 2011, split off from the Archdiocese of Freetown.
Its main pilgrimage sites are Kapel in het Zand and Valkenburg.
Diocese created in or before the 6th century; after the Moorish conquest of 713 its bishops moved to Aragon.
The Roman Catholic Metropolitan Archdiocese of Bangalore is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in India.
The current bishop is Jean-Michel di Falco.
It is part of the Archdiocese of Armagh.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Masbate is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Catholic Church in the Philippines.
The Roman Catholic Metropolitan Archdiocese of Kuala Lumpur is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in Malaysia.
The area of the Diocese had formerly been the Archdeaconry of Brecon within the Diocese of St David's.
Ordained Priest at Bujumbura, Hoima, on 9 August 1969, Deogratias Byabazaire died 8 February 2014 morning at Entebbe Airport on his way back to Uganda.
Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Joubbé, Sarba and Jounieh is an eparchy of the Maronite Church immediately subject to the Maronite Patriarch of Antioch in Lebanon.
The current bishop of the diocese is Bishop Robert Dwayne Gruss.
Monsignor Pedro Vázquez Villalobos was born September 16, 1950 at Huisquilco, Jalisco, today a part of the Diocese of San Juan de los Lagos.
From 2014 onwards, Mar George Njaralakatt is serving as the Archbishop.
It also has the National Shrine of the Little Flower, in Wakaw, Saskatchewan.
The seat of the diocese is in Sremska Mitrovica.
Maronite Catholic Patriarchal Exarchate of Jordan is an patriarchal exarchate of the Maronite Church immediately subject to the Patriarchate of Antioch of the Maronites.
The Archdiocese has an area of about 17,400 square miles.
In 2013, the eparchy has celebrated its silver jubliee.
The Diocese of the Central States is a Reformed Episcopal Church and an Anglican Church in North America diocese.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Simdega) is a diocese located in the city of Simdega in the Ecclesiastical province of Ranchi in India.
The diocese of Phát Diệm is a Roman Catholic diocese of Vietnam.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kamyanets-Podilskyi is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Catholic Church in Ukraine.
It was established on May 30, 1901 as the Diocese of Altoona; on October 9, 1957 the name changed to the Diocese of Altoona-Johnstown.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Huaraz is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Peru.
The Metropolitan Archdiocese of Baltimore is the premier see of the Roman Catholic Church in the United States.
The Diocese of the Isles, by itself, was founded by Patrick in 900, and the Diocese of Argyll was founded by Bishop Harald in 1193.
From 1957 to 1976 the ordinary held the rank and title of Archbishop of Jerusalem.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Scranton is a suffragan see of Archdiocese of Philadelphia, established on March 3, 1868.
Its followers are ethnic Chaldeans and speakers of Aramaic.
It was established from the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Barquisimeto on July 25, 1992.
He was succeeded by Egidius de Monte, who was established in Deventer by the Duke of Alva.
Anne de Detroit, 1833 to 1848; Sts.
As of March 2009, the diocese had 280 active priests.
The diocese comprises the Département of Lot and Garonne, in the Region of Aquitaine.
He resigned  in September 2007, and was subsequently received into the Roman Catholic Church.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of San Cristóbal de Las Casas is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Tuxtla.
The diocese is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Pamplona y Tudela.
As of 2010, the archeparchy contained 136 parishes, 32 active diocesan priests, 11 religious priests, and 29,700 member Catholics.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Palayamkottai) is a diocese located in the city of Palayamkottai in the Ecclesiastical province of Madurai in India.
It is currently led by Bishop Mark Hagemoen.
It was erected on 21 July 2012 by Pope Benedict XVI who appointed Eparch Nasser Gemayel as its first bishop.
The Anglican Diocese of Wangaratta is mostly located in the north-east region of Victoria, Australia.
South Kerala Diocese is a diocese of the Church of South India which consists of CSI churches in Trivandrum and Kollam districts of Kerala.
It was the 150th diocese of India, and the 120th of Latin Rite.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Naples.
St Patrick's Cathedral is the seat of the archbishop of Melbourne, currently Denis Hart.
It depends on the [Roman Congregation for the Oriental Churches]].
This is one of the densely populated Catholic dioceses in Cameroon.
The diocese is divided into six regional deaneries: Brock, Lincoln, Mohawk, Undermount, Greater Wellington and Trafalgar.
The diocese covers all of counties Limerick, Kerry and Clare, plus parts of counties Galway, Cork and Tipperary.
The department of Pyrénées-Orientales was united in 1802 to the Diocese of Carcassonne.
Its bishop is seated at the Molde Cathedral which is located in the county administrative center of Molde.
After the Vicariate of Miri was established and, in the following year, Father Anthony D. Galvin was consecrated the first bishop of the Miri Vicariate.
Its suffragans are the Diocese of Carpi, Diocese of Fidenza, Diocese of Parma, Diocese of Piacenza-Bobbio, and Diocese of Reggio Emilia-Guastalla.
On October 8, 2009 he was appointed as the Bishop of Zacatecas, also by Pope Benedict XVI, receiving Episcopal Ordination and Consecration on December 19, 2009.
It has no suffragan dioceses, and is directly subject to the Holy See.
The vicariate has been vacant since 1975, entrusted to a series of temporary Apostolic administrators.
The main church is Saint Olaf's Church in Helsingør.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Fortaleza is an archdiocese located in the city of Fortaleza in Brazil.
Joseph-Aldée Desmarais was named its first bishop on 20 June 1939 by Pope Pius XII.
includes Deaneries of Bermondsey, Camberwell, Dulwich, and Southwark and Newington
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint-Louis du Sénégal) is a diocese located in the city of Saint-Louis in the Ecclesiastical province of Dakar in Senegal.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Makeni) is a diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of Freetown in Sierra Leone.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Paraná is a metropolitan diocese.
Michael G. Smith is the current bishop.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Escuintla is a Latin suffragan diocese of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Guatemala.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Machakos) is a diocese located in the city of Machakos in the Ecclesiastical province of Nairobi in Kenya.
In 1988 it was united with the Diocese of Pontremoli.
The diocese covers an area of 11,690 km², and is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Huế.
Daniel Morse became Missionary Bishop at the creation of the diocese in 2008, and he has been Bishop Ordinary since 2011.
He was installed in a Mass at the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception on February 14, 2014.
First created in 1910 from the Archdiocese of Manila, the diocese was elevated into its present status in 1972.
The cathedral is Liverpool Cathedral and the bishop is the Bishop of Liverpool.
In 1979, the name was changed to the Diocese of Islamabad-Rawalpindi.
As of 2013 the diocese was a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Paris.
Currently, the Right Reverend John McKee "Kee" Sloan serves as diocesan bishop.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Warri) is a diocese located in the city of Warri in the Ecclesiastical province of Benin City in Nigeria.
It as erected on 29 December 1862 from territory of the Diocese of Cuenca.
It is now a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Cosenza-Bisignano.
El Camino Real is a member of Province 8, which comprises 17 dioceses and the Navajoland Area Mission in the western United States.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Mercedes is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Catholic church in Uruguay.
In that year the historical Diocese of Mileto was united with the Diocese of Nicotera-Tropea.
The current Diocesan Bishop of the Virgin Islands is the Edward Ambrose Gumbs.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Salvador is the chief ecclesiastical jurisdiction of El Salvador, serving the Salvadoran capital, San Salvador, and surrounding region.
The Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Ramanathapuram is situated in Ramanathapuram city in Coimbatore District of Tamil Nadu.
Its cathedral, Holy Trinity located in the corner of Ave. Mgr.
It is a suffragan of Ecclesiastical Province of Mbarara Archdiocese.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Naxos, Tinos, Andros, and Mykonos is an Archdiocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic church in insular Greece.
includes Deaneries of Brixton, Clapham, Lambeth North, Lambeth South, Streatham, and Merton
The Diocese of St David's covers the historic extent of Ceredigion, Carmarthenshire, and Pembrokeshire, together with a small part of western Glamorgan.
Only in six of the 18 parishes of the diocese the membership share reaches over 60 per cent of the population.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of San Justo is located in the city of San Justo, in the province of Buenos Aires.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Riohacha is a diocese located in the city of Riohacha in the Ecclesiastical province of Barranquilla in Colombia.
It was created by Pope Paul VI's Bull "De recta fidelium" in 1977, separating it from the Diocese of Ahmedabad.
The Anglican Diocese of Ballarat extends across the south-west region of Victoria, Australia.
In 1977, the Diocese of Boac, which covers the parishes in the island-province of Marinduque, was created and separated from Lucena.
More than 16% of the million persons living in its area are Roman Catholics.
It had borne that name since 1506, when it was combined with the diocese of Tempio, previously being simply the diocese of Ampurias.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Belley–Ars is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Catholic Church in France.
The bishop is the Right Reverend W. Nicholas Knisely, the thirteenth office holder.
The Cathedral of the Assumption of Mary in Dubrovnik was built in 1713 after the previous cathedral was destroyed in an earthquake.
In 2010, the diocese contained 81 parishes, 10 missions, and 37 schools.
The bishop's seat is at St Dunstan's Cathedral in Benoni.
The Diocese of Jaca is located in northeastern Spain, in the province of Huesca, part of the autonomous community of Aragón.
The Medical Mission Sisters went to work at the Holy Family Hospital, Karachi.
In the 11th century it was elevated to an archdiocese.
Immediately subject to the Holy See, it provides pastoral care to Roman Catholics serving in the New Zealand Defence Force and their families.
The cathedral episcopal see is Cattedrale di Ss.
It was transferred to its present province in 1947.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint Cloud is a Roman Catholic diocese in Minnesota, United States.
The diocese covers Greater London south of the River Thames and east Surrey.
The Cathedral parish of the diocese is the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception.
Charleston is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Atlanta.
He replaced Robert James Carlson, who became Archbishop of Saint Louis on April 21 of that year.
He was appointed bishop on 27 March 2002.
The Anglican Diocese of Melbourne is the metropolitan diocese of the Province of Victoria in the Anglican Church of Australia.
The Episcopal Church in Colorado is the diocese of the Episcopal Church which covers all of Colorado.
It was elevated to an apostolic vicariate on 12 September 1842 and to the Diocese of Paramaribo on 7 May 1958.
Erected as the Diocese of Galle in 1939, the diocese is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Colombo.
Basilica of Our Lady of Licheń, in Licheń Stary, Wielkopolskie
The Diocese of Limburg is a diocese of the Catholic Church in Germany.
The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Cagayan de Oro.
Peter Joseph Jugis is the current bishop.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Reggio Calabria-Bova.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Quiché is a Latin suffragan diocese in the ecclesiastical province of the Archdiocese of Los Altos Quetzaltenango-Totonicapán.
It is an area that was previously known in the Archdiocese of Manila as the Ecclesiastical District of Eastern Rizal.
The Armenian Prelacy of Canada, is a diocese of the Armenian Apostolic Church affiliated with the Holy See of Cilicia, formed in 2002.
The diocese serves close to 200,000 Catholics in 46 parishes and 18 schools.
The diocese was erected in 1973 as the apostolic administration of Erfurt-Meiningen, and was elevated in 1994 to the current diocese of Erfurt.
Together with the islands of Ascension and Tristan da Cunha, it forms a mission sui iuris.
It was created in 1895 from the Diocese of Kentucky which continues to have jurisdiction of the western portion of the state.
Joseph Nguyen Nang to head the diocese.
Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Damascus of the Melkites is a metropolitan and patriarchal see.
The diocese, as well as the Franciscan Province, is centred in the city of Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Territorial Prelature of Borba is a Roman Catholic territorial prelature located in the city of Borba, Amazonas, in the Ecclesiastical province of Manaus in Brazil.
He died at Leuven in Belgium on November 7, 1893.
It traces its foundation to the 3rd century, making it one of the oldest in Spain.
In November of the same year, the Most Reverend Patricio Alo, until then the Auxiliary Bishop of Davao, was appointed First Bishop of Mati.
The Diocese of Mannar is a Roman Catholic diocese for north-western Sri Lanka.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Novo Mesto is a diocese located in the city of Novo Mesto in the Ecclesiastical province of Ljubljana in Slovenia.
Out of a population of 1,761,419, 89% are Catholic.
Pope Pius XII erected the diocese by canon on January 14, 1950, in territories taken from the neighboring Diocese of Springfield.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Quilmes is located in the city of Quilmes, capital of Quilmes Partido, in the province of Buenos Aires in Argentina.
In 2004 it counted c. 89,000 baptized.
The Anglican Diocese of the Southwest is a diocese of the Anglican Church in North America.
Eventually in 1451 the diocese and the patriarchate were merged to form the Archdiocese of Venice.
As a result, Diocese of Singapore and Malaya was dissolved.
Its adherents are predominantly Hungarians, with a small number of Zipser Germans.
The current archbishop, since 28 March 2013, is Mario Aurelio Poli, appointed by Pope Francis to succeed him as Archbishop of Buenos Aires.
Its episcopal see is the cathedral of St. Paul in the city of Dumka.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Port-Bergé) is a diocese located in the city of Port-Bergé in the Ecclesiastical province of Antsiranana in Madagascar.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint John's–Basseterre is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church, covering five English-speaking states in the Caribbean.
Two of the three bishops Vikström are brothers, John and Erik, while Björn is a son of John Vikström.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Muzaffarpur) is a diocese located in the city of Muzaffarpur in the Ecclesiastical province of Patna in India.
On July 1, 1993, two new Dioceses, Gumla and Simdega, were established with territories taken from the Ranchi Archdiocese.
On March 8, 2007, Pope Benedict XVI appointed António José Cavaco Carrilho as Bishop of Funchal, until then Auxiliary Bishop of Porto.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Chişinău is a Latin Rite diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in and covering the entire republic of Moldova.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Charlotte, is a diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in the southern United States.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the Catedral Santa María, in Mariscal Estigarribia an area around national capital Asunción, Boquerón department.
It currently has 13 seminarians in formation to be priests from the local area and from Columbia and Nigeria.
The incumbent Archbishop also bears the title Primate of Spain and since 1937 the title General Vicar of the Armies.
With his clergy, the bishop ministers to a culturally diverse population in the following languages: Hawaiian; English; Ilokano; Tagalog; Samoan; Tongan; Japanese; Korean; Spanish; and Vietnamese.
The Diocese of Deventer is a suppressed diocese of the Catholic Church in the current Netherlands.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the Saint Louis Cathedral in the national capital city Beirut, while the former crusader cathedral in Tyre is in ruins.
His election was confirmed by the Episcopal Church, and after his consecration in May 2011 he became the 11th diocesan bishop of the diocese.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tocantinópolis is a diocese located in the city of Tocantinópolis in the Ecclesiastical province of Palmas in Brazil.
William "Bill" Thompson, who resigned in 2014.
The Diocese of the French Armed Forces is a military ordinariate of the Roman Catholic Church.
In 1857, Orkney was separated to unite with the Diocese of Aberdeen.
There is also a Bishop and Diocese of Aba in the Anglican Church of Nigeria.
It is currently ruled by eparch Elias Nassar.
It also has 268 Women Religious, 59 Religious Brothers, and 21 permanent deacons.
Its territory covers Hong Kong Island and the outlying islands.
The seat of the bishop is the Cathedral Parish of Saint Anthony of Padua along Quezon Street, Masbate City.
It also has 23 religious sisters, 11 religious brothers and 12 permanent deacons.
Victor Gnanapragasam as apostolic vicar of the new ecclesiastical circumscription and the titular bishop of Timida.
The diocese of Vinh is a Roman Catholic diocese in central Vietnam.
On October 21, 1944, the Roman Catholic Diocese of Indianapolis was split into the Archdiocese of Indianapolis and the Diocese of Evansville.
The diocese is divided into six deaneries.
directly subject to the Holy See and its Roman Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples, not part of any ecclesiastical province.
The ecclesiastical province has three suffragan dioceses: Belize City-Belmopan, Mandeville and Montego Bay, as well as the Mission Sui Iuris of Cayman Islands.
The Ukrainian Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Philadelphia is the Catholic archeparchy governing all Ukrainian Greek Catholic eparchies and Ukrainian Greek Catholics in the United States.
It is suffragan of the Archdiocese of Pescara-Penne.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Vercelli.
The hospital evolved into the Holy Family Hospital and continued to operate under the Diocese until 1977.
It should not be confused with the Prince-Bishopric of Passau, an ecclesiastical principality that existed for centuries until it was secularized in 1803.
The parish church Our Lady of the Annunciation at Malviya Nagar is now the cathedral for the diocese.
On April 6, 2016, the diocese transitioned to a convocation within the Missionary Diocese of All Saints.
The seat of the bishop is the Forty Martyrs Cathedral of Aleppo.
The diocese has 35 priests, 47 Religious Sisters, and 91,600 Catholics.
The current bishop is Bruno Grua, who was appointed in March 2006 by Pope Benedict XVI.
It currently comprises six archdeaconries: Ganye, Koma Hills Parish, Mubi, Numan, Yola North and Yola South, with 39 parishes.
By 2013, the diocese of Phú Cường had about 141,239 Catholics, 161 priests and 96 parishes.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint-Brieuc and Tréguier is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
The Diocese of Nakhon Ratchasima is located in the north-east of Thailand.
As of 2004, the diocese contains 32 parishes, 36 active diocesan priests, 9 religious priests, and 56,000 Catholics.
The Diocese of Erfurt is a diocese of the Catholic church in Germany.
The Archdiocese features the only Archbishop's Residence in the Philippines built during the Spanish Era.
Its first bishop was John Thomas Kattrukudiyil.
The Roman Catholic Apostolic Prefecture of the Marshall Islands is a Latin rite apostolic prefecture, in the South Sea Republic of the Marshall Islands.
The diocesan offices are located at 1150 North First Street.
It is a suffragan of the archdiocese of Ancona-Osimo.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vaduz encompasses the territory of the Principality of Liechtenstein.
The two oldest churches are Saints Peter and Paul Basilica Parish of Chattanooga and Immaculate Conception Parish of Knoxville, both founded in 1852.
The Old Catholic Archdiocese of Utrecht is an archdiocese within the Old Catholic Church of the Netherlands.
The current bishop, appointed in 1995, is Czeslaw Kozon.
Its episcopal see is the Cathedral of the Most Blessed Sacrament, in Montego Bay, Saint James parish.
Basilica S. Maria Maggiore Basilica S. Maria Maggiore, also in Trento city
There were approximately 200 parishes, and one abbey
The diocese had its First Diocesan Synod in 1993 held at St. Michael's Retreat House in Antipolo City.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Zacapa is a Latin suffragan diocese in the ecclesiastical province of the Archdiocese of Guatemala.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ji-Paraná is a diocese located in the city of Ji-Paraná in the Ecclesiastical province of Porto Velho in Brazil.
The Diocese of Linköping has a rank directly below the Archdiocese of Uppsala of the Church of Sweden.
It was estimated to have 16,000 faithful.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Eisenstadt is a diocese located in the city of Eisenstadt in the Ecclesiastical province of Vienna in Austria.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Neiva is a diocese located in the city of Neiva in the Ecclesiastical province of Ibagué in Colombia.
In 2002, Andrew Atagotaaluk became the first Inuk diocesan bishop in the world and the fifth bishop of The Arctic.
It was a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Reggio.
The diocese is a suffragan to the Archdiocese of Hamburg since 1994.
It also has 27 religious brothers, 113 religious sisters, and 19 permanent deacons.
An additional Auxiliary Bishop-elect, Celaya Diocese seminary rector Gonzalo Alonso Guerrero Calzada, was appointed by Pope Benedict XVI on Tuesday, November 20, 2012.
You may be looking for the archdiocese of Reggio Calabria-Bova
The diocese is subdivided into 23 parishes Mass Centres.
The Diocese of Porto and Santa-Rufina is a suburbicarian see of the Holy Roman Church and a diocese of the Catholic Church in Italy.
Fort Worth and Dallas clergy and parishes have both had a long history of leadership in the Anglo-Catholic faction within American Anglicanism.
Its cathedral episcopal see is Catedral de Santa María de la Asunción, dedicated to the Assumption of Mary, in El Burgo de Osma.
On June 22, 1999, the diocese was again elevated as the new Archdiocese of Nassau.
The Territorial Prelature of Moyobamba is a Roman Catholic territorial prelature located in the city of Moyobamba in the Ecclesiastical province of Trujillo in Peru.
The Most Reverend Kevin C. Rhoades was appointed diocesan bishop by Pope Benedict XVI on November 14, 2009, and was installed on January 13, 2010.
The Cathedral of the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Mary, in Biloxi, Mississippi, is the diocese's cathedral.
It was established under the Concordat of 1802 by combining the ancient Diocese of Bordeaux with the greater part of the abolished Diocese of Bazas.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Pagadian is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines.
The diocese is subdivided into 11 parishes.
The see was vacant till April 7, 2009, when Sebastian Kallupura was appointed.
It is led by a prelate bishop who is pastor of the Cathedral of Saint Paul in the city of Worcester.
The Diocese of Sulmona-Valva is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in central Italy, created in 1986.
Today there are 236,061 active Catholics at 142 parishes in the Diocese of Richmond.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Mbinga is a diocese located in Mbinga in the Ecclesiastical province of Songea in Tanzania.
It has jurisdiction wherever American men and women in uniform serve.
The present bishop of Mandya is Mar Antony Kariyil.
It was established by Pope Paul VI on 19 June 1976.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Coari is a diocese located in the city of Coari in the Ecclesiastical province of Manaus in Brazil.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Minas is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic church in Uruguay.
It serves Catholic members of Romania's Armenian community living in Transylvania.
It is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Los Angeles.
As of 2004, the archdiocese contains 107 parishes, 195 active diocesan priests, 107 religious priests, and 291,000 Catholics.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the Minor basilica Cattedrale di S. Vigilio Vescovo in, Trento.
In 1842, the Vicariate Apostolic of Hobart was erected; elevated as a Diocese a few weeks later; and as an Archdiocese in 1888.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Anápolis is a diocese located in the city of Anápolis in the Ecclesiastical province of Goiânia in Brazil.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Toulouse; French: Archidiocèse de Toulouse; Occitan: Archidiocèsi de Tolosa)) is an archdiocese of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
The eparchy was the seat of the Armenian Catholic Patriarchate of Cilicia from 1866 until 1928, when the patriarchal seat was moved to Beirut, Lebanon.
The history of the Bishops of Sion, of the Abbey of St. Maurice of Valais as a whole are inextricably intertwined.
Schofield and many of the former leaders of the Episcopal diocese disagree.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Rodez; French: Diocèse de Rodez) is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Itabira–Fabriciano is a diocese located in the cities of Itabira and Coronel Fabriciano in the Ecclesiastical province of Mariana in Brazil.
It is now a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Bordeaux.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York is a Latin Catholic archdiocese in New York State.
It was established on 16 December 2010 out of part of the Diocese of Mthatha.
Immediately subject to the Holy See, it provides pastoral care to Roman Catholics serving in the Peruvian Armed Forces and their families.
The current bishop is Gabriel Chang Bong-hun, appointed in 1999.
The diocese of Roseau was erected in 1850.
Currently Bishop Richard E. Pates is the bishop of the diocese.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ji'an/Kian, Chinese: 吉安) is a diocese located in the city of Ji'an in the Ecclesiastical province of Nanchang in China.
The third largest Catholic diocese of Pakistan is divided into 19 parishes.
It is centred in the city of Bar.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Turin, and the current bishop is Giuseppe Guerrini.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of La Rioja is in Argentina and is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of San Juan de Cuyo.
About 23,000 people are identified as Anglican though attendance is much less.
The Diocese of Ripon is a former Church of England diocese, part of the Province of York.
Per the 2000 census, the archdiocese contained 2,430,606 people, 233,273 of whom were Catholic.
In 2004 it counted c. 1,600,000 baptized people.
The Catholics in the Latin jurisdictions are about six times as numerous as those in the Ethiopic jurisdictions.
As of 2001, of the 9 million citizen 6,682 or 0.1% are member of the Catholic Church.
It was established on July 3, 1987.
This diocese covers most of East Tennessee; in addition to the see city of Knoxville, it includes Chattanooga and Johnson City.
The Military Ordinariate of Uganda is a military ordinariate of the Roman Catholic Church.
The current archbishop is Oswald Gracias, who was appointed on 14 October 2006 by Pope Benedict XVI.
Along with the Dioceses of Acapulco, Chilapa and Tacámbaro, it lost territory when the Diocese of Ciudad Altamirano was erected in 1964.
Archdiocese of Huế is a Roman Catholic Archdiocese in central Vietnam.
The first bishop, Mar Joseph Kunnath, CMI, was ordained bishop on October 6, 1999 at which time the diocese also was inaugurated.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the Cathedral of the Sacred Heart, in Lahore.
The Synod of the Diocese of Athabasca was organized in 1876.
The diocese is divided into three deaneries namely St Mirin's Deanery, St Mary's Deanery and St John's Deanery.
As an apostolic vicariate, it is a pre-diocesan jurisdiction, entitled to a titular bishop.
As of 2016 the bishop was Felipe Arizmendi Esquivel and the auxiliary bishop Enrique Díaz Díaz.
He was appointed in 2004 and installed as bishop on January 25, 2005.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bragança–Miranda, in the north-east of Portugal, is a suffragan of the archdiocese of Braga.
On February 1, 2014, Pope Francis appointed Alex Joseph Vadakumthala as the new bishop of Kannur.
Its cathedral is dedicated to Mary of the Assumption.
Its catehdral see is located in the city of Jaén, in Peru's Cajamarca province.
In the Dera Ghazi Khan Division the districts of Dera Ghazi Khan, Muzaffargarh, Layyah and Rajanpur.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Liverpool is an archdiocese of the Catholic Church that covers the Isle of Man and part of North West England.
The boundaries of the Thalassery ecclesiastical province were extended to include Mangalore, Chickamangalore, Mysore, Shimoga and Ootty as there were settlers in the neighbouring States.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kumbo is a Roman Catholic diocese in the Ecclesiastical Province of Bamenda in Cameroon.
It is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Bangkok.
The largest parish in the diocese is Trinity Church, Princeton.
The Diocese of Chicoutimi is a Roman Catholic diocese in Quebec, centred on the borough of Chicoutimi in the city of Saguenay.
The diocese is headed by the Archbishop of York and its cathedral is York Minster.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Chimbote) is a diocese located in the city of Chimbote in the Ecclesiastical province of Trujillo in Peru.
The Roman Catholic Apostolic Vicariate of El Beni is an apostolic vicariate, hence exempt, i.e.
It operates churches in Denmarк, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Sweden, and the United Kingdom.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Abeokuta) is a diocese located in the city of Abeokuta in the Ecclesiastical province of Lagos in Nigeria.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kielce) is an diocese located in the city of Kielce in the Ecclesiastical province of Kraków in Poland.
By 2004, the diocese of Hai Phòng had about 113,092 believers, 29 priests and 62 parishes.
In 1996 the Diocese opened Our Lady of Lourdes Minor Seminary which is its preparatory seminary.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Mossoró is a diocese located in the city of Mossoró in the Ecclesiastical province of Natal in Brazil.
When Marseille was occupied by troops of the Convention, he fled to Aix.
The last serving bishop for the diocese was Metropolitan John, who went on to become the UOCC's Metropolitan, and Archbishop of Winnipeg.
The current Archbishop is Jesús Rubén Salazar Gómez since his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI in 2010.
Sacred Heart Cathedral, Bendigo is the seat of the Bishop of Sandhurst.
The main church is the Transfiguration Cathedral in Tambov.
The first synod was convened twenty years later, and the diocese was incorporated in 1886.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Calicut) is a diocese located in the city of Kozhikode in the Ecclesiastical province of Verapoly in India.
Currently the diocese remains a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Paris.
It is connected by a bridge with the old episcopal palace.
It also has a Co-Cathedral of St. Anthony of Padua, in Mersin.
Syro-Malabar Catholic Archeparchy of Ernakulam–Angamaly is a Syro-Malabar Archeparchy in Ernakulam, Kerala, India.
Nord-Hålogaland is a diocese in the Church of Norway.
The Eritrean Catholic Eparchy of Barentu is a Catholic eparchy located in the town of Barentu in Eritrea.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bogotá is part of the Roman Catholic Church in Colombia.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Nuevo Casas Grandes is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Chihuahua, in Mexico.
It is a Latin suffragan of the Archdiocese of Ravenna-Cervia.
The Diocese has had at least two other See Cities: Fort Simpson and Fort Vermilion.
The diocese was split again in 1936 to create the Diocese of San Diego, and the Los Angeles see was elevated to an archdiocese.
It was separated from the Anglican Diocese of Saskatchewan in 1933.
The Church of the Assumption of Mary into Heaven was built in 1646 and was proclaimed a cathedral on September 28, 1997.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the Cathedral of St. Francis Xavier, in the city of Ōita.
Within the Catholic Church hierarchy, it operates like a diocese and is headed by a titular bishop.
The Archbishop's Palace of Lima is the headquarters of the archdiocese.
Parishioners are served by 73 priests, 17 deacons, 31 religious brothers, and 76 religious sisters.
Although national capital Warsaw was added to its title, there is no co-cathedral.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jaén) is a diocese located in the city of Jaén in the ecclesiastical province of Granada in Spain.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the Innsbruck Cathedral, dedicated to Saint James, in the city of Innsbruck.
Archbishop Kurtz succeeded Archbishop Emeritus Benedict To Varpin.
The largest racial/ethnic groups in the Diocese are White and Hispanic.
It is currently ruled by Eparch Paul Marwan Tabet.
Mar Mathew Pothanamuzhy was the first bishop of the eparchy.
Originally established in 1860, the current archeparchy was erected 15 October 1928.
It is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Tarragona.
The diocese of Karonga is a see of the Roman Catholic Church suffragan of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lilongwe.
The metropolitan for the diocese is the Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York, currently Timothy Cardinal Dolan.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Mbeya is a diocese located in Mbeya in the Ecclesiastical province of Songea in Tanzania.
Juan Grande Roman has like santo pattern from the diocese and like patron to the Immaculate Conception.
It was formed from the union of two suburbicarian sees of Rome.
The present ordinary is Bishop Peter Holiday.
It was restored as a titular see in 1969.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Nnewi) is a diocese located in the city of Nnewi in the Ecclesiastical province of Onitsha in Nigeria.
The cathedral church of the diocese is the Cathedral Basilica of the Assumption.
The mother church of the diocese is the Cathedral of Saint Andrew.
The diocese covers 21 districts of the state of Rajasthan.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Nuevo Laredo is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Monterrey.
In the mid 1539 the eparchy was re-established with its see moved to Lviv.
The Italian Catholic Archdiocese of Perugia-Città della Pieve was historically the Diocese of Perugia.
The diocese is suffragan diocese in the ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Freiburg.
In that year the Diocese of Bertinoro was united to it.
It covers an area of 26,850 square kilometres.
The administrative offices of the diocese are located in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories.
The first bishop of Cuneo was Amadeo Bruno di Samone.
The diocese had 75,000 members in 2013 and had fallen to 62,600 by 2014.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jundiaí is a diocese located in the city of Jundiaí in the Ecclesiastical province of Sorocaba in Brazil.
The Romanian Catholic Eparchy of Bucharest is an eparchy of the Romanian Greek Catholic Church.
Centred on the city of San Luis Potosí, San Luis Potosí, it is responsible for the suffragan dioceses of Ciudad Valles, Matehuala and Zacatecas.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Oristano.
The Diocese was established on Jos June 2, 2007.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Davenport is a diocese of the Catholic Church for the southeastern quarter of the U.S. state of Iowa.
It also has 132 Women Religious, 7 Religious Brothers, and 1 permanent deacon.
It is currently governed by Maronite archeparch Joseph Tobji.
However, he is not formally a primate, though he has special privileges conferred by the Papal Bull Si qua est.
The bishop of the diocese is Chacko Thottumarickal, S.V.D., born 7 January 1949.
The Diocese of Cefalù is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in Sicily, southern Italy.
Jan Prokop Schaaffgotsche was its first diocesan bishop and Vlastimil Kročil is its current bishop.
It encompasses the parishes of some of the surrounding cities in the Mexican state of Jalisco, including Tepatitlán de Morelos, Arandas, etc.
The cathedral church of the diocese is St John's Cathedral.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Itanagar in India was created on December 7, 2005 by splitting it from the Diocese of Tezpur.
Diocese of Šiauliai is a Roman Catholic Diocese of Lithuania.
The Cathedral of the Most Blessed Sacrament, located at 9844 Woodward Avenue, in Detroit has served as the mother church since 1938.
From 2000 it was led by Archbishop Hubert Barbier, but his resignation was accepted by Pope Benedict XVI on September 11, 2007, making him Archbishop Emeritus.
The diocese is part of the ecclesiastical province of Mobile.
On November 30, 1953 the districts of Dharwar and Bijapur, formerly in the Poona Diocese were attached to the newly constituted Diocese of Belgaum.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Mymensingh is a diocese located in the city of Mymensingh in the Ecclesiastical province of Dhaka in Bangladesh.
The diocese is located in Lower Franconia, around the city of Würzburg, and the bishop is seated at Würzburg Cathedral.
As of 2005, 259,598 of the 270,000 people in the area are member of the Catholic Church.
The diocese's most recent archbishop Luigi Negri retired on February 15, 2017.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Isangi) is a Latin suffragan diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of Kisanganiin the Democratic Republic of the Congo(-Kinshasa).
The see city of the diocese is Hamilton with the Bishop's seat being located at Christ's Church Cathedral on James Street North.
The church has actively engaged with international accusations of child molestation, receiving public acclaim for its bold stances and clearly defined arguments.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Mariannhill) is a diocese located in the city of Mariannhill in the Ecclesiastical province of Durban in South Africa.
It was erected on April 28, 1958 from the territory of the Archdiocese of Cuzco with Alcides Mendoza Castro being made its first bishop.
The diocese was formed on 9 April 1880 from part of the Diocese of Chester.
The diocese is governed by Bishop Edward M. Rice.
The diocesan territory covers a land area of 61,266 square kilometers.
The Diocese of Møre is a diocese in the Church of Norway which geographically consists of Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Catarman is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines.
Its cathedral episcopal see is St. Francis Xavier Cathedral in Alexandria, Louisiana.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Shillong) is a Latin Meteropolitan archdiocese in Meghalaya state, northern India.
Peter Takeo Okada was appointed archbishop on February 17, 2000.
The archdiocese has 124 parishes, 22 missions, 1 seminary, 40 elementary schools, 10 secondary schools, and 2 Catholic colleges.
It covers Nord-Trøndelag and Sør-Trøndelag counties and its cathedral city is Trondheim, which houses the well-known Nidaros Cathedral.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Genoa.
Comprising the whole province of Zamboanga del Norte, the diocese has experienced no jurisdictional changes.
The Metropolitan Province of New Orleans include the suffragan Dioceses of Alexandria, Baton Rouge, Houma-Thibodaux, Lafayette, Lake Charles, and Shreveport.
The Syro-Malankara Eparchy of Puthur was established on 25 January 2010 with the northern parts of the territory of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Eparchy of Bathery.
The earliest forms of Roman Catholic institutions appeared in that territory since 1655, with French and Spanish missionaries until the middle of the 20th century.
The see is currently vacant after the resignation of Yasser Ayyash in 2015.
For the Archdiocese in Spain, see Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Toledo.For the Diocese in the United States, see Roman Catholic Diocese of Toledo.
Its episcopal see is the Cathedral of St. Francis of Assisi, in Aleppo, Syria's greatest city before the civil war.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Sens and Auxerre is a Latin Rite Archdiocese of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
It is perhaps the largest of the dioceses, but has the smallest number of church members.
It is a suffragan see of the Archdiocese of Saint Paul and Minneapolis.
The diocese was often called the "bishopric of Luighne" in the Irish annals.
The diocese's name was changed to the Diocese of Santiago de Cuba.
The first bishop was Gianantonio della Rovere, who after eight months resigned in favour of his brother Sisto della Rovere, later a Cardinal.
The Military Bishopric of Peru is a military ordinariate of the Roman Catholic Church.
There is also a Diocese of São Paulo in the Anglican Episcopal Church of Brazil.
It is a suffragan diocese of the archdiocese of Bangkok.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Monze) is a diocese located in Monze in Zambia.
The current bishop, Thomas E. Breidenthal, was consecrated April 28, 2007.
Its seats are the Cathedral of Braganza and the Cathedral of Miranda do Douro.
He was appointed to the See of Mukachevo in 1997.
The Diocese of Northampton is one of the 22 Roman Catholic dioceses in England and Wales and a Latin Rite suffragan diocese of Westminster.
Major centres, apart from Winnipeg, include Selkirk, Portage la Prairie, and Kenora.
The Diocese of Kumbo was erected by Pope John Paul II on Thursday, 18 March 1982, with territory taken from the then Diocese of Bamenda.
The Bishop then studied Theology in the Diocesan Seminary of Tijuana.
It is a suffragan of the archdiocese of Bologna.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kongolo) is a Latin suffragan diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of Lubumbashi in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
It has a co-cathedral, the Co-cathédrale of Notre Dame in Embrun.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Gurué) is a diocese located in the city of Gurué in the Ecclesiastical province of Beira in Mozambique.
The dispute over this figure is mentioned in the United States Department of State report on religious freedom in Romania.
The Faroe Islands are now included in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Copenhagen.
With the integration of these areas into other Roman Catholic dioceses the vicariate ceased to exist on 13 August 1930.
His predecessor is Lucien Prosper Ernest Fischer.
It has 10 congregations in six states: Arizona, California, New Mexico, Nevada, Texas, and Washington.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jalandhar / Jullundur) is a diocese located in the city of Jalandhar in the Ecclesiastical province of Delhi in India.
It was created as a territorial prelature in 1977 and elevated in 2000.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Chascomús is in Argentina and is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of La Plata.
The Diocese numbers 136 secular and 159 religious priests and comprises 356 male and 1080 female religious.
St Mary and St Joseph's Cathedral is the seat of the Catholic Bishop of Armidale, presently the Most Reverend Michael Kennedy.
The Roman Catholic Metropolitan Archdiocese of İzmir is a Latin archdiocese of the Roman Catholic Church in Asian Turkey.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Paraíba is a Latin Metropolitan archdiocese, atypically named after the state of Paraíba, in southeastern Brazil, rather than after its see.
The previous bishop was Trevor Williams who was elected on 6 May 2008 and consecrated at Christ Church Cathedral, Dublin on 11 July 2008.
The diocese was formed by an ex aequo principaliter union on 19 April 1958, between the Dioceses of Cork and Ross.
The Roman Catholic Metropolitan Archdiocese of San Cristobal de la Habana is one of three Catholic archdioceses in Cuba.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bulawayo) is the Metropolitan See for the Ecclesiastical province of Bulawayo in Zimbabwe.
It is headed by the Bishop of Coventry, who sits at Coventry Cathedral in Coventry, and is assisted by one suffragan bishop, the Bishop of Warwick.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Arica) is a diocese located in the city of Arica in the Ecclesiastical province of Antofagasta in Chile.
The Diocese of Basel is a Roman Catholic diocese in Switzerland.
The Cathedral is the metropolitan see of the Catholic Ecclesiastical Province of Atlanta, which covers Georgia, South Carolina, and North Carolina.
As one of the fifteen Archbishops of France, the Archbishop of Rouen's ecclesiastical province comprises the majority of Normandy.
The Diocese of Colombo covers the Western, Southern, Eastern, Northern and Uva Provinces together with the Ratnapura, Nuwara Eliya and Puttalam districts.
The Diocese of Algoma is a diocese of the Ecclesiastical Province of Ontario of the Anglican Church of Canada.
The diocese is led by the Bishop of Tampere.
It is a co-cathedral diocese, with episcopal seats in the Cathedral St-Jean-Baptiste d' Aire and in Nôtre Dame de Dax.
From 1704 till 1726, the archbishopric was vacant, until it was recreated as the Diocese of Fife.
On 25 July 2009, Pope Benedict XVI selected Monsignor Joseph Vũ Duy Thống as bishop, who served until his death in 2017.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Clermont is an Archdiocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
The diocese is currently headed by the Bishop Wiesław Mering, appointed in 2003.
As part of the ECUSA, the diocese is a constituent member of the worldwide Anglican Communion.
The Italian Roman Catholic Diocese of Mondovì is a Catholic diocese in the Ecclesiastical Region of Piedmont.
The vicariate covers an area of 48,100 km² in central Laos, including the provinces of Savannakhet, Khammouan and part of Bolikhamxai.
The vicariate has 54 parishes, and only 6 priests.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Aberdeen is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Scotland.
It is divided into 56 parishes, having 31 priests altogether.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Melipilla) is a diocese located in the city of Melipilla in the Ecclesiastical province of Santiago de Chile in Chile.
After the collapse of the Iron Curtain in 1989, the Church could begin restoring canonical regularity.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Santa Rosa de Copán is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Tegucigalpa.
The See of Las Vegas is a suffragan diocese of the Ecclesiastical Province of the Archdiocese of San Francisco.
The territory of the diocese covers the Province of Limburg.
Immediately subject to the Holy See, it provides pastoral care to Roman Catholics serving in the Chilean Armed Forces and their families.
Other dioceses bordering are Varanasi to the west, Muzaffarpur to the north, and Daltonganj to the south.
It is a member of the Catholic Media Network.
The greatest growth of Catholic converts took place in the North, where the French influence was strong.
The seat of the bishop is St. Peter's Cathedral in Scranton, PA. Other cities in the diocese are Wilkes-Barre, Williamsport, Hazleton, Carbondale, and Pittston.
It was erected on December 9, 1969, when it was split from what is now the Archdiocese of Mobile.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cincinnati covers the southwest region of the U.S. state of Ohio, including the greater Cincinnati and Dayton metropolitan areas.
The diocese is in the process of reorganizing its schools; sixteen elementary schools have been closed since 2005.
It affiliated with The Minnesota Council of Churches, The Joint Religious Legislative Coalition, and The Resource Center for Churches.
The remainder of Bulgaria falls within the Diocese of Nicopoli.The diocese is exempt, i.e.
Its cathedral episcopal see is Catedral Ucraniana Nossa Senhora da Imaculada Conceição, in Prudentópolis, Paraná, currently held by Eparch Meron Mazur, O.S.B.M..
Its cathedral episcopal see is Cathédrale Saints-Pierre-et-Paul in the city of Basankusu.
In 1986 the Diocese of Ariano was united with the Diocese of Lacedonia to form the current diocese of Ariano Irpino-Lacedonia.
It has a Catholic population of 198,332 in an area totaling 3,404 square miles.
On May 30, 2014 Stephan Burger was appointed as the new Archbishop of Freiburg.
in the Archdeaconry of Maidstone – Maidstone, North Downs, Ospringe, Sittingbourne, Weald.
It comprises the five municipalities that form the Laguna region of the State: Torreón, Francisco I. Madero, Viesca, Matamoros and San Pedro.
He will succeed the current bishop Most Rev.
The diocese's patron is Saint Quirinus of Sescia.
In 2002, the diocese became the centre of an international controversy within the Anglican Communion due to its decision to bless same-sex unions.
The Diocese of Lincoln forms part of the Province of Canterbury in England.
The Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Bhadravathi was created by Benedict XVI's Papal bull "Cum Ampla" as a suffragan of the Syro-Malabar Catholic Archeparchy of Tellicherry.
Today the diocese of Basel includes the Swiss cantons of Aargau, Basel-Country, Basel-City, Berne, Jura, Lucerne, Schaffhausen, Solothurn, Thurgau, and Zug.
The Italian Catholic Diocese of Oria is in Apulia.
As of 2014, the diocese contains 38 parishes, 24 active diocesan priests, 9 religious priests, and 105,177 Catholics.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Januária is a diocese located in the city of Januária in the Ecclesiastical province of Montes Claros in Brazil.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Nueva Pamplona is an archdiocese located in the city of Nueva Pamplona in Colombia.
Christ Episcopal Church of Kent Island, the oldest Christian congregation in Maryland, is a part of the diocese, and is also located in Stevensville.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kericho) is a diocese located in the city of Kericho in the Ecclesiastical province of Nairobi in Kenya.
The province is predominantly rural with 72.7 percent of the total population residing in rural areas and only 27.3 percent in urban area.
The Diocese of Belluno-Feltre is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in the Veneto, northern Italy, created in 1986.
It is named for the historical British North American territory of Rupert's Land, which was contained within the original diocesan boundaries.
Subsequently, on December 10, 2016 the Diocesan Assembly, after considering four candidates, including a female member of the clergy, elected the Rev.
The Diocese has 10 parishes with 10 pre-schools, 50 primary schools and 12 high schools.
Currently the diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Mechelen-Brussels.
The seat of the present bishop is Isernia Cathedral, while Venafro Cathedral has become a co-cathedral in the new diocese.
The Metropolitan's ecclesiastical province includes the suffragan dioceses of Cayenne and Basse-Terre, and all are members of the Antilles Episcopal Conference.
The faithful of this eparchy, numbering 326,742, belong to the ancient St. Thomas Christian Community.
Steve Wood, rector of St. Andrew's Church in Mt.
undertake an annual evaluation of the Companion Relationship to ensure that the Companion Relationship satisfies the mutual goals of the two dioceses; and III.
It comprises the Counties of Del Norte, Humboldt, Lake, Mendocino, Napa and Sonoma.
It comprises 26 parishes and 2 parishes in formation in the American states of Illinois, Minnesota, Wisconsin and Idaho.
The Bishop is Mgr Edson Taschetto Damian.
The diocese includes the provinces of Bohuslän, Halland, and south-west parts of Västergötland.
There is also a Diocese of Masvingo in the Anglican Church of the Province of Central Africa.
The Episcopal Diocese of Quincy was a diocese of the Episcopal Church in western Illinois from 1877 to 2013.
It is divided into 6 archdeaconries: Inhambane District, Limpopo, Maciene, Maputo District, Pungoe and Umbeluzi.
The seven counties are Broome, Chenango, Cortland, Madison, Oneida, Onondaga and Oswego.
It also includes a World Heritage Site: Meryem Ana Evi Meryem Ana Evi, Bülbüldağı.
It is a suffragan diocese of the archdiocese of Thare and Nonseng.
From October 2013, the administrator of the diocese during the suspension of Bishop Franz-Peter Tebartz-van Elst is Wolfgang Rösch.
The current bishop is Denis Moutel, appointed in 2010.
It was founded on July 3, 2000.
The Eparchy of Srem is an eparchy of the Serbian Orthodox Church in the Syrmia region, Serbia.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Posadas is a Catholic diocese located in the city of Posadas, Misiones in the Ecclesiastical province of Corrientes in Argentina.
Its cathedral is the Cathedral Church of Saint Catharine of Siena, located in Allentown, Pennsylvania.
two World Heritage Site monasteries: Mosteiro dos Jerónimos, in Lisbon, and Mosteiro de Santa Maria de Alcobaça, in Alcobaça
As per 2014, it comprises a single parish and only eight 'diocesan' priests.
He was later readmitted to the privy council, and he lived the life of a rich nobleman until his death in 1569.
His seat is St. George's Cathedral in Cape Town.
There are more than seventy parishes and schools in the diocese.
On 16 December 2002, the see [officially Archdiocese of Avignon; French: Archidiocèse d'Avignon)] lost its Metropolitan status and became instead a suffragan see of Marseille.
Some have been sent as missionaries to such places as Brazil and Quebec.
It is a suffragan of the Metropolitan Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Naples, like its other neighbor dioceses, Aversa and Ischia.
It has existed as a diocese since the fourth or fifth centuries.
A special convention took place on March 1, 2014, electing Sean Rowe, Bishop of Northwestern Pennsylvania, as Provisional Bishop.
The churches were established by church missionary society missionaries and Society for propagating gospel misionaries.
Its suffragan sees include Neuquén and San Rafael.
directly subject to the Holy See, not part of any ecclesiastical province, and encompasses Venezuela.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tanjungkarang) is a diocese located in the city of Tanjungkarang in the Ecclesiastical province of Palembang in Indonesia.
The exarchate encompasses the Andean and Amazonian country of Venezuela.
The Italian Roman Catholic Diocese of Trieste in the Triveneto, has existed since no later than 524, and in its current form since 1977.
immediately subject to the Holy See and depends on the missionary Roman Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples.
Within the Mexican Conference of Catholic Bishops committee structure, he is responsible for ensuring social security for the clergy.
A true witness of Bishop Alwyn in 2015 in London stated 'A man of our time' 'Simple' He is widely known as a 'Smiling Bishop'.
Charles John Brown who was appointed on 26 Nov 2011.
His successor, the current bishop, Robert Muhiirwa, was ordained and installed on 15 June 2003.
The archdiocese encompasses the historical Gallo-Roman province of Civitas Turonum and the French province of Touraine.
It has 52 priests, 32 deacons, 32 parishes, and 17 missions.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cuiabá is an archdiocese located in the city of Cuiabá in Brazil.
The dioceses of the province include Baker, Boise, Helena, and Great Falls-Billings.
He was ordained a priest on October 26, 1972.
The diocese includes the regional cities of Tamworth and Armidale and the towns of Glen Innes, Tenterfield, Inverell, Moree, Gunnedah and Narrabri.
The cathedral church of the diocese is St Mary's Cathedral.
It also included the Missionary District of Cuba.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tainan is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Taiwan.
The Episcopal Diocese of Chicago is the official organization of the Episcopal Church in Chicago and Northern Illinois, USA.
Tartaglia was installed as archbishop in September 2012.
The diocese estimates over 571,000 Catholics live in the diocese.
The matter was discussed in the CBCI from 1982 to 1985.
It is headquartered Calle Los Eucaliptos y Avda.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Shanghai is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in the Municipality of Shanghai, China.
There is also a Diocese of Curitiba in the Anglican Episcopal Church of Brazil.
The current archbishop is Robert Rivas, O.P..
The diocese also has a minor basilica, the Basilique Notre-Dame du Laus, in Saint-Étienne-le-Laus.
The diocesan cathedral is one of the 12 churches founded by the Order of Augustinian Recollects that are now Catholic cathedrals in the Philippines.
The Ukrainian Catholic Cathedral of Saints Peter and Paul, in North Melbourne, Victoria, is the episcopal see of the eparch, currently Peter Stasiuk CSSR.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Yanji/Yenki, Chinese: 延吉) is a diocese located in the city of Yanji in the Ecclesiastical province of Shenyang 瀋陽 in China.
It is a suffragan diocese of Archdiocese of Curitiba.
It is in Province 5 and its cathedral, the Cathedral of St. James, is in South Bend, as are the diocesan offices.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tehuantepec is in Mexico and is a suffragan of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Antequera, Oaxaca.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Gaoua is a diocese located in the city of Gaoua in the Ecclesiastical province of Bobo-Dioulasso in Burkina Faso.
As of 2012 the Papal Nuncio was Archbishop Francis Assisi Chullikatt, whose Apostolic Nunciature is the entire state of Iraq.
The territory of the province is coextensive with the state of Pennsylvania.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Ozamiz is an archdiocese of the Roman Catholic Church in the province of Misamis Occidental, southern Philippines.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Araçatuba is a diocese located in the city of Araçatuba in the Ecclesiastical province of Botucatu in Brazil.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bar is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in Montenegro.
The first Anglican service was held at the Red River Colony in 1820, and three years later the first Anglican church in western Canada was constructed.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bafatá) is a diocese located in the city of Bafatá in Guinea-Bissau.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Amargosa is a diocese located in the city of Amargosa in the Ecclesiastical province of São Salvador da Bahia in Brazil.
He succeeded Peter Hess Beckwith, who had served since 1992.
The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Portland, which encompasses Oregon, Idaho, and Montana.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Osogbo) is a diocese located in the city of Osogbo, Osun State in the Ecclesiastical province of Ibadan in Nigeria.
Bishop Joseph Hii Teck Kwong is the current bishop of Sibu
The archdiocese honors Our Lady of Guadalupe de Cebú as its patroness while the second Filipino saint Saint Pedro Calungsod as its secondary patron saint.
Its suffragan sees include Formosa and San Roque de Presidencia Roque Sáenz Peña.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Świdnica) is an diocese located in the city of Świdnica in the Ecclesiastical province of Wrocław in Poland.
That diocese was split in 1995 to form the Dioceses of Cienfuegos and Santa Clara.
Today the diocese encompasses nine counties including Orange, Osceola, Seminole, Marion, Lake, Volusia, Brevard, Polk, and Sumter, a total of about 9,611 square miles.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Piura) is an archdiocese located in the city of Piura in Peru.
On July 2, 1962, the Diocese of Jamshedpur was created.
an immediate subject of the Holy See, not part of any ecclesiastical province.
The diocese in present structure and territory was established on May 27, 1997.
There are 28 diocesan Catholic schools in the diocese with a total enrollment of 12,062 students in 6 High Schools and 22 Elementary Schools.
The headquarters is located in Kochi along the Malabar Coast in India.
The diocese maintains approximately 9,000 on its parish rolls in about seventy parishes.
The seat of the eparchy is at Sremski Karlovci.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Altos Quetzaltenango-Totonicapán is a Latin Metropolitan Archdiocese in Guatemala.
Former auxiliary bishop Simon Peter Poh Hoon Seng was appointed Archbishop of Kuching by Pope Francis on 4 March 2017 following John Ha Tiong Hock's resignation.
He is an enrolled member of the Potawatomi Nation of Oklahoma and is a graduate of Seabury-Western Theological Seminary.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Dijon is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
Its episcopal see is Cathedral of St. Francis Xavier at Kottar in the town of Nagercoil, Tamil Nadu.
On November 16, 1854, it was renamed Metropolitan Archdiocese of Făgăraș and Alba Iulia et Albae Iulien(sis) Romenorum in Latin).
His canonical seat or cathedra is located at the Cathedral Basilica of Our Lady of Peace.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Cruz Alta is a diocese located in the city of Cruz Alta in the Ecclesiastical province of Santa Maria in Brazil.
Moving sharply south the line includes Mount Forest and widens, south-westerly to include Elora and Guelph.
Its jurisdiction encompasses the province of Pampanga and includes the Suffragan Sees of lba, Tarlac and Balanga.
The Diocese of Pozzuoli is a Roman Catholic bishopric in Campania, southern Italy.
There is also a Bishop and Diocese of Abakaliki in the Anglican Church of Nigeria.
The Territorial Prelature of Chuquibamba is a Roman Catholic territorial prelature located in the city of Chuquibamba in the Ecclesiastical province of Arequipa in Peru.
The new Diocese consists of revenue districts of Kannur and Kasaragod.
Along with its parent Diocese of Dallas, the Diocese of Fort Worth was one of the originators of a strong conservative movement within the Episcopal Church.
Paul-Marie Cao Đình Thuyên became bishop in 2000.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Barranquilla is an archdiocese located in the city of Barranquilla in Colombia.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Townsville is a suffragan Latin Rite diocese of the Archdiocese of Brisbane, erected in 1930, covering North Queensland, Australia.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Navrongo–Bolgatanga) is a diocese located in the cities of Navrongo and Bolgatanga in the Ecclesiastical province of Tamale in Ghana.
Its cathedral episcopal see 'Catedral de la Santísima Trinidad' is in the city of Trinidad in Bolivia's Amazonian interior.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Sokoto) is a diocese located in the city of Sokoto in the Ecclesiastical province of Kaduna in Nigeria.
It is a suffragan of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Taranto.
It was originally part of the Diocese of Jerusalem, founded in 1841 by the Archbishop of Canterbury.
The Puttur Diocese has 22 churches under it spread across the civil districts of Dakshina Kannada, Udupi, Kodagu, Hassan, Chikmagalur, Mandya, Mysore, Shimoga and Chamarajanagar.
The diocese of Hải Phòng is a Roman Catholic diocese in northern Vietnam.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Hoima) is a diocese located in the city of Hoima in the Ecclesiastical province of Mbarara in Uganda.
The cathedral in this diocese is Trinity Cathedral and is located in Reno.
John Ford, the Bishop suffragan of Plymouth in the Church of England's Diocese of Exeter, was installed as the new bishop on 6 December 2013.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Izcalli is based in the city of Cuautitlán Izcalli, State of Mexico, Mexico.
However, this does not imply that Spanish is their first language, only that their heritage is Spanish.
On Tuesday 29 April 2014 - the Feast of St Catherine of Siena - Pope Francis appointed Joseph Toal as fifth Bishop of Motherwell.
Box 1531, Grand Island, NE 68802, USA.
In 2008, the diocese consolidated its 63 parishes into 24.
The cathedral is Blackburn Cathedral and the current Bishop of Blackburn is Julian Henderson.
The Diocese of Imus comprises the entire province of Cavite.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Debrecen–Nyíregyháza is a diocese located in the cities of Debrecen and Nyíregyháza in the Ecclesiastical province of Eger in Hungary.
The diocese has experienced no jurisdictional changes.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Los Teques is a diocese located in the city of Los Teques in the Ecclesiastical province of Caracas in Venezuela.
The Diocese of Castello, originally the Diocese of Olivolo, is a former Roman Catholic diocese that was based on the city of Venice in Italy.
As of 2004, the archdiocese contains 111 parishes, 177 active diocesan priests, 102 religious priests, and 400,000 Catholics.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Jinan, Chinese: 濟南) is an archdiocese located in the city of Jinan in China.
There is also a former cathedral, the Iglesia San Adrián de Sasabe, in Sasabe.
The archdiocese's Mother Church and thus, seat of its Archbishop, is St. John's Cathedral.
They and the archdiocese are members of the Antilles Episcopal Conference.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Verapaz is a Latin suffragan diocese in the ecclesiastical province of the Archdiocese of Guatemala.
It was elevated on 29 August 1979.
It was erected on July 6, 1953.
The Diocese of Óbidos is a Roman Catholic diocese located in the city of Óbidos in the Ecclesiastical province of Belém do Pará in Brazil.
Church attendance is low with only 1 percent of the West Brabantian population visiting churches.
The Resurrection Cathedral in Berlin is the main cathedral of the eparchy.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Luçon is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
The archiepiscopal cathedral is located in the city of Hajdúdorog, whereas the seat of the metropolitanate is in Debrecen according to the founding bull.
The diocese came into existence in 2004 after the Diocese of Helsinki was split in two.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Nagoya, Japanese: カトリック名古屋教区) is a diocese located in the city of Nagoya in the Ecclesiastical province of Osaka 大阪 in Japan.
Its See city is London, and its parish rolls of 50,000 are served by 181 congregations.
Besides a small number of Latin rite locals most Roman Catholics in Iran are foreigners living in the country .
The Church of Hawaii, also called the Hawaii Reformed Catholic Church, was established by Kamehameha IV and Emma in 1862.
The Diocese of Niagara is one of thirty regional divisions in the Anglican Church of Canada.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Chapecó is a diocese located in the city of Chapecó in the Ecclesiastical province of Florianópolis in Brazil.
The Metropolitanate of Montenegro is the largest diocese of the Serbian Orthodox Church in Montenegro.
The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Rouen, and the current bishop is Christian Nourrichard, who was appointed in 2006.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Sindhudurg in India was created on July 5, 2005, when it was split from the Diocese of Poona.
The Diocese of Maine was created in 1820 from the Eastern Diocese and elected its first bishop, George Burgess in 1847.
The cathedral is Hereford Cathedral and the bishop is the Bishop of Hereford.
The Diocese of Deventer covered Overijssel, a part of Guelders, and the counties of Zutphen, Bentheim, and Lingen.
The bishop of Frascati is a Cardinal Bishop; from the Latin name of the area, the bishop has also been called Bishop of Tusculum.
Rucuma is a former city and bishopric in Roman North Africa, which remains a Latin Catholic titular see.
The diocese is theologically conservative and holds to the traditional Anglican beliefs on human sexuality, disapproving same-sex unions.
Cardinal Vinko Puljić currently serves as the archbishop of the archdiocese.
In 2015, in the diocese of Adria-Rovigo there was one priest for every 1,355 Catholics.
The seminary's motto, In hoc signo vinces was chosen because it was the episcopal motto of Bishop Simon Bruté.
For this reason, the use of the name of the archipelago is currently a very controversial topic in the Canary Islands.
Its see is Nantes Cathedral in the city of Nantes.
Most parishes follow the Ruthenian recension, although the eparchy includes one parish of the Italo-Greek tradition.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tlapa is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Acapulco.
Hoima Diocese comprises four districts of Bunyoro: Hoima, Masindi, Kibaale and Buliisa.
The Archdiocese of Onitsha borders it on the east and the Archdiocese of Benin City borders it on the west.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Hinche, erected 20 April 1972, is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Cap-Haïtien.
It serves more than 300,000 followers in 34 parishes in the districts of East Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi of Meghalaya.
Situated north-eastern region of the Archdiocese of Kuching, of which it is a suffragan diocese of.
Its Cathedral episcopal see is Sacred Heart Cathedral, Kota Kinabalu.
Bishop Clarke was appointed upon the departure of the Very Revd Kevin Dixon, who has accepted a new position with a non-governmental organization.
It was founded on 20 December 1878, with the splitting of the Diocese of Beverley which had covered all of Yorkshire.
It is a suffragan see of the Archdiocese of Saint Paul and Minneapolis.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Aracaju is a Latin Metropolitan archdiocese in the State of Sergipe, northeastern Brazil.
The diocese of Kabwe is a diocese of the Roman Catholic Church located in Kabwe, Zambia.
Then the only diocese in the territory, the 700,000 Catholics were divided into 30 parishes administered by 71 priests.
The cathedral is the Cathedral Basilica of the Immaculate Conception, a minor basilica located in Derek Walcott Square, Castries.
The Military Ordinariate of the Netherlands is a military ordinariate of the Roman Catholic Church.
It is named after the historic province of Gugark; the 13th province of the Kingdom of Armenia.
The seat of the diocese is in Mainz at the Cathedral dedicated to Saints Martin and Stephen.
In 2013 the ADSJ was forced to abide by court rulings and return some properties to EDSJ.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tapachula is a Latin rite suffragan diocese of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Tuxtla Gutiérrez.
The See city is Montreal, and the cathedral is Christ Church.
He traveled by bullock cart from Midnapur and after a difficult journey of a fortnight reached Chaibasa on November 25, 1868.
The Portuguese Roman Catholic Diocese of Porto is a suffragan of the archdiocese of Braga.
It was established on June 18, 1968.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of La Crosse is a Roman Catholic diocese that covers an area of west-central Wisconsin, United States.
The diocese of Ifakara is a see of the Roman Catholic Church suffragan of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Dar-es-Salaam.
The Eritrean Catholic Eparchy of Segheneyti is a Catholic eparchy located in the town of Segheneyti in Eritrea.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Viedma is encompassed in the Ecclesiastical Province of Bahía Blanca.
The current bishop is Warnakulasurya Wadumestrige Devasritha Valence Mendis, appointed in 2006.
It is located in Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, Mexico.
The current bishop is Charles Morerod, O.P., who was ordained and installed on 11 December 2011.
A plurality of its adherents are Hungarian, followed by Banat Swabians, Romanians, Banat Bulgarians, Croats, Slovaks and Czechs.
The diocese, headed by the Bishop of Versailles, was established in 1801.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Maldonado-Punta del Este is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic church in Uruguay.
The Diocese of Mantua is a see of the Catholic Church in Italy.
There is also a Diocese of Dhaka in the united Church of Bangladesh.
Nazario, Celso e Vittore, dedicated to the diocesan patron saints St. Nazarius, St. Celsus and St. Victor, at Trivento, Campobasso province, in Molise administrative region.
Also serving are 428 priests, 160 permanent deacons, 50 religious brothers and 300 religious sisters who are members of various religious institutes.
As of 2008, the bishop is Gualtiero Sigismondi.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Dharmapuri) is a diocese located in the city of Dharmapuri in the Ecclesiastical province of Pondicherry and Cuddalore in India.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Palangkaraya) is a diocese located in the city of Palangkaraya in the Ecclesiastical province of Samarinda in Indonesia.
The archdiocese is the home of the Basílica Santuario Nacional de Nuestra Señora de la Caridad del Cobre.
In an online news story from the Catholic News Agency, posted on Thursday, April 19, 2012, it was stated,:
Charles Franklin Brookhart, Jr. is the current bishop.
The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Venice.
The see city is Burlington where the Cathedral Church of St. Paul is located.
The diocese was reestablished in 1921 and renamed Dresden-Meissen in 1980.
It has its Cathedral episcopal see, the Our Lady of the Good Shepherd Cathedral, Djibouti, in the national capital Djibouti City.
Mark Strange was elected as the new bishop on 2 June 2007 and was consecrated and installed on 13 October 2007.
As of December 2013, there were 20,964 members.
The diocese includes 15 counties, as follows: Brevard, Citrus, Hardee, Highlands, Indian River, Lake, Okeechobee, Orange, Osceola, Marion, Polk, Seminole, St. Lucie, Sumter and Volusia.
The archeparchy directly governs all Ukrainian Greek Catholic parishes in Manitoba.
Our Lady of Guadalupe Co-Cathedral in Belmopan is the co-cathedral of the diocese.
It has its collegiate cathedral episcopal see S. Bartolomeo, dedicated to the Apostle St. Bartholomew, in Pennabilli, Rimini, Emilia Romagna, and two Co-Cathedrals :
The diocese was created in 1818 when the Diocese of Sulmona and the Diocese of Valva were united.
The Diocese of Lapua is one of nine dioceses within the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland.
Elsewhere in Aquitaine, the bishopric has two former cathedrals, both also Marian:
In 2011 it counted 46,067 baptized among 541,345 inhabitants.
The current Diocesan Bishop of Southwest Florida is Dabney T. Smith.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Albacete) is a diocese located in the city of Albacete in the Ecclesiastical province of Toledo in Spain.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kahama is a diocese located in Kahama in the Ecclesiastical province of Tabora in Tanzania.
Before the Revolution, the diocese had three archdeacons: the Archdeacon of Poitiers, the Archdeacon of Briançay, and the Archdeacon of Thouars.
The Eparchy of Gornji Karlovac is an eparchy of the Serbian Orthodox Church seated in the city of Karlovac, Croatia.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Brazzaville is the Metropolitan See for the Ecclesiastical province of Brazzaville in the Republic of the Congo.
Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Homs is a nominally Metropolitan Archeparchy of the Melkite Greek Catholic Church in central Syria.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Oslo is an exempt diocese located in the city of Oslo in Norway.
The diocese is divided into three archdeaconries of Cleveland in the north, the East Riding, and in the south-west the Archdeaconry of York.
He was ordained a priest for the same diocese April 15, 1975.
The diocese was erected on March 3, 1868 by Pope Pius IX out of the Archdiocese of Cincinnati.
The current bishop is Laurent Marie Bernard Dognin.
His episcopal ordination was on June 7, 1981.
Bishop Josip Mrzljak is the current bishop of Varaždin.
Jerome Dhas Varuvel as the first bishop of the diocese.
The Syro-Malabar Catholic Apostolic Exarchate of Canada is an apostolic exarchate for all Syro-Malabar Catholics in Canada.
The diocese is divided in five deaneries: Gainesville, Jacksonville, Savannah, Tallahassee and Western.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tuxtla is a Metropolitan Archdiocese based in Tuxtla, Chiapas, Mexico.
Its cathedral episcopal see is Cathédrale Saint-Jérôme, dedicated to Saint Jerome, in Saint-Jérôme, Quebec.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Nova Friburgo is a diocese located in the city of Nova Friburgo in the Ecclesiastical province of Niterói in Brazil.
The Portuguese Roman Catholic Diocese of Leiria–Fátima is a Latin rite suffragan diocese in the ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan Patriarchate of Lisbon.
The See Cathedral is the Cathedral of the Holy Trinity, Gibraltar and there are two Pro-Cathedrals in Malta and Brussels.
Neighbouring Anglican dioceses are Rupert's Land to the west, Moosonee to the north, Ottawa to the east, and Ontario, Toronto, Huron to the south.
On May 15, 2010, Larry D. Robertson, since 1999 suffragan bishop in the western region of the Diocese of the Arctic, was elected Bishop of Yukon.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Timișoara is a diocese in Romania established on 5 June 1930 by Pope Pius XI.
The episcopal see is in Duluth, Minnesota.
Its cathedral archiepiscopal see is Archikatedra św.
The city was part of other dioceses until March 11, 1870, when the Diocese of St. Augustine was created.
Archdiocese of Hanoi is a Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vietnam.
The diocese was founded in 1984, having previously formed part of the Diocese of Cabanatuan.
The Military Ordinariate of Slovakia is a Latin military ordinariate of the Roman Catholic Church for the Slovak armed forces.
The archepiscopal see is Dijon Cathedral, which is located in the city of Dijon.
He was succeeded by Mar Pauly Kannookadan.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Puerto Maldonado is a Roman Catholic apostolic vicariate located in the city of Puerto Maldonado in Peru.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the Marian Cathedral of the Annunciation, in İskenderun.
The episcopal see is Tyler, and the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Tyler is its mother church.
The Diocese of British Columbia is a diocese of the Ecclesiastical Province of British Columbia and Yukon of the Anglican Church of Canada.
Its first and present bishop is Charles Allieu Matthew Campbell.
The cathedral church of the diocese is the Cathedral of Saint Paul.
The Metropolitanate of Karlovci was a metropolitanate of the Serbian Orthodox Church that existed between 1708 and 1848.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Soacha is a diocese located in the city of Soacha in the Ecclesiastical province of Bogotá in Colombia.
The Diocese of Ratchaburi is a Latin suffragan diocese of the archdiocese of Bangkok located in western central Thailand.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Namur is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Belgium.
On 8 December 2002, the Diocese of Troyes was returned to its ancient Metropolitan, the Archbishop of Reims.
Samuel Seabury, the first Episcopal bishop outside the British Isles, was consecrated in 1784 by Robert Kilgour, Bishop of Aberdeen, and John Skinner, coadjutor bishop.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Santarém is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Portugal.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Sosnowiec is a diocese located in the city of Sosnowiec in the Ecclesiastical province of Częstochowa in Poland.
Major urban centres within its borders are St. Catharines, Hamilton, Guelph, Oakville, Burlington, and Orangeville.
It was constituted in its present form on 18 October 1982, when the Communist regime split it from the Oradea Mare Diocese.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Sorsogon is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Philippines.
The diocese has experienced no jurisdictional changes, and is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Cagayan de Oro.
Before being elevated to an archdiocese itself in 2011 it was part of the Ecclesiastical province of Porto Alegre in Brazil.
The Italian Roman Catholic Diocese of Cerignola-Ascoli Satriano in Apulia, has existed under this name since 1986.
The diocese is a part of Province IV of the Episcopal Church, historically known as the Province of Sewanee.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Hyderabad) is an archdiocese located in the city of Hyderabad in India.
The area of the diocese was the cradle of European settlement in western Canada, and was thus the original locus of Anglican missionary activity there.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Vitebsk, Belarusian: Віцебская) is an diocese located in the city of Vitebsk in the Ecclesiastical province of Minsk-Mohilev in Belarus.
The Archdiocese comprises the following twenty-one counties of the US State of Kansas:
The current diocese is a suffragan of the archdiocese of Bari-Bitonto.
The Archdiocese covers the city of Gwangju and entire Chollanamdo province.
The See city for the diocese is Toledo.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Quilon or Kollam is the first Catholic diocese in India in the state of Kerala.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Francisco is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Catholic Church in the northern California region of the United States.
The diocese had 53,000 members in 2003 and 43,000 in 2013.
directly subject to the Holy See, not part of any ecclesiastical province.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bombay is a Latin particular church of the Roman Catholic Church in central India's state of Maharashtra.
It existed during most of 14th century but remained vacant since 1401 as the Metropolitan of Kyiv took over the title.
Radio, print, and television media outlets owned and operated by the archdiocese supplement teaching, communication, and ministries.
The Diocese of Bristol is a Church of England diocese in the Province of Canterbury, England.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Gokwe) is a suffragan diocese in the city of Gokwe in the ecclesiastical province of Harare in Zimbabwe.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Washington is a particular church of the Roman Catholic Church in the United States.
Monsignor Jozef Marianus Punt has been the Bishop of the Diocese of Haarlem-Amsterdam since 2001.
The modern day Middlesbrough diocese covers an area of 4,000 km² in North Yorkshire and the East Riding of Yorkshire, together with the City of York.
The cathedral church of the diocese is the Cathedral Church of All Saints, Charlotte Amalie.
The Diocese of Strängnäs is a part of the Lutheran Church of Sweden and has its seat in Strängnäs Cathedral in Strängnäs, south of Lake Mälaren.
In local government terms, the territory of the diocese covers the unitary authority areas of:
Philippe Ballot, formerly a priest in Besançon.
The Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Gorakhpur is an Eastern Catholic eparchy in India, under the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church.
The archdiocese serves a total of 506,976 Catholics in 121 parishes scattered across the Mumbai Metropolitan Region.
The Titular Archbishop of Aquileia is a titular see of the Roman Catholic church.
The current bishop of the diocese is Bishop John M. LeVoir.
Instead, it was proposed that a Provisional Bishop be appointed on a part-time basis for a period of three years in the first instance.
The Right Reverend Patrick McKinney is the 10th Bishop of Nottingham.
It is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Durango from which it was erected by Pope Benedict XVI in 2008.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Calapan is a branch of the Catholic Church in the Philippines.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Xiwanzi/Chongli, Chinese: 西彎子, 崇禮) is a diocese located in the city of Xiwanzi in the Ecclesiastical province of Suiyuan in China.
From 1993 until 2002, the diocese operated an episcopal area scheme.
The area described above comprises the Province of Zamboanga Sibugay.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Antipolo is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines.
Presently, there are about 66 parishes catering to 81,580 Catholics in the diocese.
The diocese is linked with the Diocese of Argentina.
There are also 40 seminarians and 157 full-time catechists in the diocese.
The diocese covers the City and County of Bristol and the ceremonial counties of Gloucestershire, Somerset, and Wiltshire, an area of 4,215 square miles.
It also has a former Cathedral, now Church of St. Maria Magdalena de Pazzi, in Ilondola.
The Roman Catholic Military Ordinary is a member of the ecumenical Interfaith Committee on Canadian Military Chaplaincy.
Although he was unable to prevent Duke Christian from protestantizing Northern Schleswig, he kept Lutheranism out of the rest of his diocese.
The Malabar Diocese is one of the twenty-four dioceses of the Church of South India covering the Malabar part of Kerala.
Since 10 May 2003 Guillermo José Garlatti has been its Archbishop.
The Diocese of Eichstätt is a diocese of the Catholic Church in Bavaria.
It is a suffragan see of the Archdiocese of Dubuque.
The diocese consists of approximately 280 priests, 51 deacons, and 327,600 Catholics in New Hampshire.
As an Apostolic Vicariate, it does not have a formal metropolitan.
At that time, there were 54 parishes.
The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Salerno-Campagna-Acerno.
The Diocese covered the area of the City of Bradford, Craven district and the former Sedbergh Rural District now in Cumbria.
The Diocese of Manchester is a Church of England diocese in the Province of York, England.
It is exempt, that is, immediately subject to the Holy See, not part of any ecclesiastical province.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Niteroi is a Latin rite Metropolitan archdiocese located in the city of Niterói in Rio de Janeiro state, southeast Brazil.
Camp Cross has become a camp and retreat center serving the needs of young and old alike.
The diocese was once much larger, covering Yorkshire, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire and parts of Lancashire, Cumberland and Westmorland.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Andong is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Catholic Church located in Andong, South Korea.
He was consecrated at 28 February 2014 at the Church of St. Clement, El Paso, Texas.
There are 104 parishes in the diocese, with approximately 98 priests in active ministry.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Penang is situated in the northern region of Malaysia covering 5 states, namely Penang, Perlis, Kedah, Perak and Kelantan.
The incumbent bishop of the diocese is Fintan Monahan.
It is based in the region of the historical Catalan County of Urgell, though it has different borders.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of David is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Panamá.
The current Archdeacons of The Swansea and Brecon Diocese are:
Its cathedral episcopal see is Our Lady of Chaldeans Cathedral, located in Southfield, Michigan, United States.
The Diocese of Atri had been united with the Diocese of Penne in 1252.
immediately subject to the Holy See, not part of an ecclesiastical province, of the Roman Catholic Church.
The Diocese of Münster is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in Germany.
Charles Bo, SDB was appointed Archbishop of Yangon by Pope John Paul II on May 24, 2003.
The Diocese of Santa Clara is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Cuba.
Its cathedral episcopal see is Catedral Nossa Senhora da Conceição, dedicated to the Immaculate Conception, in the city of Campina Grande.
The diocese is named after the town of Sapë, which is located near the Drin, southeast of Lake Scutari.
The diocese has experienced no jurisdictional changes and is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Cáceres.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Vijayapuram) is a diocese located in the city of Kottayam in the Ecclesiastical province of Verapoly in India.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Dundee) is a diocese located in the city of Dundee in the Ecclesiastical province of Durban in South Africa.
In 1923, Traboin, Tuzi, Grude, and Klezna were added to the Archbishopric from the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Shkodër.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Palermo.
The other major sanctuary is at Canneto, in the commune Roccavivara, founded in the fourth century and until the tenth dependent on Montecassino.
Its Cathedral is episcopal see is Saint Benedict Cathedral, dedicated to the diocesan patron saint, in the city of Ogoja, in Cross River State.
The Archdiocese of Gniezno) is an archdiocese located in the city of Gniezno in Poland.
Immediately prior to its dissolution it extended north to south from the suburbs of Leeds to Barnsley and east to west from Kellington to Todmorden.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Amarillo is a Roman Catholic diocese in Amarillo, Texas.
It is composed of the entire civil province of Cebu.
The area of the diocese is 8,487 square miles.
The Diocese of Tortona is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in northern Italy, spanning parts of three regions of Piedmont, Lombardy and Liguria.
Its cathedral archiepiscopal see is St. Mary's Cathedral, dedicated to the Immaculate Conception, in Kingston, Ontario.
The Archdiocese also operates its own radio station, dzNS.
The Archdiocese of Valladolid is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Catholic Church in Spain.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Khunti) is a diocese located in the city of Khunti in the Ecclesiastical province of Ranchi in India.
The mother cathedral is the Church of the Protection of the Theotokos.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Cajamarca) is a diocese located in the city of Cajamarca in the Ecclesiastical province of Trujillo in Peru.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Calabar is the Metropolitan See for the Ecclesiastical province of Calabar, Cross River State in Nigeria.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Perugia-Città della Pieve.
The diocese ministers to approximately 13,000 Anglicans in forty-four parishes.
The Diocese of Mainz, historically known in English by its French name of Mayence is a Latin rite of the Catholic church in Germany.
Other suffragan sees include the Dioceses of Honolulu, Las Vegas, Oakland, Sacramento, Salt Lake City, San Jose, Santa Rosa and Stockton.
The Archdiocese of Crotone-Santa Severina is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in southern Italy, created in 1986.
Diocesan offices are located at the Bishop Henry Center in Asheville.
The City of Bristol, of which Clifton is a suburb, is the largest centre of population within the Diocese; Swindon is the next biggest.
This was followed by the appointment of a high level Pontifical Commission.
Its seat is the Cathedral of Kidane Meheret, in Nekemte.
Activities were held within the diocese to mark the momentous event.
The Diocese of Parañaque is one of the 72 ecclesiastical territories called dioceses of the Catholic Church in the Philippines.
It continues to be a stop along the Camino de Santiago for many pilgrims and tourists.
Of these only rubber is produced commercially.
It took also the name of the ancient diocese of Mylapore, now a suburb of Chennai.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Metz is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Salem) is a diocese located in the city of Salem in the Ecclesiastical province of Pondicherry and Cuddalore in India.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Gorizia is an Archdiocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic church in Italy.
The Dean of New Westminster and Rector of the Cathedral Church, Christ Church is the Very Rev.
The parish church located in Mammoth Lakes provides for the spiritual care of vacationers during the winter and summer.
It has existed as a diocese since 1902, when Arthur Pain was installed at the first Bishop of Gippsland.
The current Metropolitan Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Ravenna-Cervia, since his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on Saturday, November 17, 2012, is Lorenzo Ghizzoni.
Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Adilabad was created by Pope John Paul II on July 23, 1999.
The current bishop is Christoph Schoenborn, appointed in 1995 and elevated to cardinal in 1998.
The current Archbishop is Cardinal Jorge Urosa, appointed by Pope Benedict XVI on September 19, 2005.
The cathedral in Owensboro is named after St. Stephen, the first martyr of the Christian church.
It was originally formed as the Vicariate of Malabar in 1657 and became a metropolitan see in 1886.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Huejutla is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Tulancingo.
At a special meeting on January 22, 1902, Alexander Hamilton Vinton, Rector of All Saints Church in Worcester, Massachusetts.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Windhoek) is the Metropolitan See for the Ecclesiastical province of Windhoek in Namibia.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Pekhon is located in the southern part of the Shan State in Myanmar.
Its cathedral episcopal see is Katedral Reinha Rosari in the city of Larantuka, in Nusa Tenggara Timur.
The diocese was formed in 1996 when the Canadian and American branches of the Reformed Episcopal Church were reunited.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Albany covers all or part of 14 counties in Eastern New York.
Its only official bishop, Francis Hong Yong-ho, was imprisoned by the communist regime of Kim Il-sung in 1949 and later disappeared.
Joseph Hii Teck Kwong as the Auxiliary Bishop of the Diocese of Sibu.
For the Episcopal Church's Diocese of Quincy, see Episcopal Diocese of Quincy.
This area of about 82,000 square miles includes regions of mountain, foothills, parkland and prairie.
Erected in the 4th century as the Diocese of Digne, the diocese has been known as the Diocese of Digne since 1922.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Erie is a Roman Catholic diocese in western Pennsylvania.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Rockhampton is a suffragan Latin Church diocese of the Archdiocese of Brisbane, erected in 1882, covering Central Queensland, Australia.
In 1961, the Prefecture was elevated to a full diocese, suffragan to the Archdiocese of Mandalay.
The diocese started as a missionary district in 1853 and was formally established in 1910.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Mangalore is a diocese located in the city of Mangalore in the Ecclesiastical province of Bangalore in India.
Under bishop Antun Mahnić the Altslawi academy was established in 1902, and existed until 1927.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Białystok) is a Latin Rite Metropolitan archdiocese in Podlaskie Voivodeship, northeastern Poland.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bayombong is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines.
The Exarchate was then elevated to the status of Archeparchy by Pope Pius XII in 1950.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Aysén is a see of the Roman Catholic church, in Chile.
As bishop John Joseph Nevins resigned for reasons of age on January 19, 2007, he was succeeded as ordinary by bishop Frank Joseph Dewane.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Le Mans is a Roman Catholic diocese of France.
The superior of the vicariate is the Swiss born Bishop Paul Hinder OFM Cap.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Corfu, Zakynthos, and Cefalonia is an archdiocese comprising the Ionian islands of Corfu, Zakynthos and Cephalonia in western Greece.
The see city is Oklahoma City, where St. Paul's Cathedral is located.
By 2004, the diocese of Qui Nhơn had about 62,520 believers, 70 priests and 36 parishes.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Innsbruck is a Latin rite suffragan diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan of Salzburg, covering the Bundesland Tyrol.
Peter and Paul Church, 1848 to 1877; 1877 to 1890, St. Aloysius, 1890 to 1938, St. Patrick's Church at 124 Adelaide Street .
directly subject to the Holy See and depends on the missionary Roman Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples.
Its episcopal see is the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception, in the city of Chengdu, at Chengdu Ping'An Bridge Catholic Church, No.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Mende is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
The original Cathedral of Saint Bonaventure in the city was built in 1887.
It comprises the cities of Parañaque, Las Piñas, and Muntinlupa.
Once Catholic, the communities retain many aspects of their Anglican heritage, liturgy, and traditions".
The Roman Catholic diocese of Lutsk was first erected in the 13th century as the diocese of Luceoria o Łuck.
Whayne M. Hougland, Jr., was elected as the 9th Diocesan Bishop in September 2013.
The creation of the diocese in present form was declared November 24, 1960.
Also from 1766 the archbishop was Prince of the Holy Roman Empire.
The bishop resided for a considerable period at Athabasca Landing, but it is not certain whether it was ever his "seat".
Immediately subject to the Holy See, it provides pastoral care to Roman Catholics serving in the Portuguese Armed Forces and their families.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Rockford is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in the northern Illinois region of the United States.
Its episcopal see is the city of Sarajevo, capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tarbes et Lourdes is a Roman Catholic Latin Rite diocese in France.
Anti-Catholic laws discouraged the faithful from settling in colonial Virginia.
Its episcopal see is located in the city of Sipingjie in Jilin province.
It also it includes Klickitat County, Washington.
The seat of the diocese is the St. Nicholas of Tolentino Cathedral in Cabanatuan City with a feast day of September 10.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Malang) is a diocese located in the city of Malang in the Ecclesiastical province of Semarang in Indonesia.
It is a metropolitan archdiocese which also helps to administer three suffragan dioceses in the Ecclesiastical province of Riga in Latvia.
Due to the controversy, hundreds of Finns resigned from the church during the days following the media exposure.
The diocese is now a suffragan in ecclesiastical province of the Archdiocese of Reims, having been a suffragan of Lyon until 2002.
Other dioceses were established over the years, including the then Prelature of Davao which eventually became a diocese.
The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Modena-Nonantola.
It is exempt, and has its cathedral see Benghazi Cathedral in the city of Benghazi.
The diocese was erected in 1951, carved from territory of the Archdiocese of Cáceres, to which it is a suffragan.
Founded in 741, the diocese lost all temporal power after the Napoleonic wars.
The current bishop is Faustino Armendáriz Jiménez.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kuzhithurai is a diocese located in Tamil Nadu.
It comprises nearly 182,000 square kilometres of the Ontario districts of Algoma, Thunder Bay, Sudbury, Manitoulin, and parts of the districts of Nipissing and Timiskaming.
The Diocese of Kamloops is led by Bishop Joseph Phuong Nguyen.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Morombe) is a diocese located in the city of Morombe in the Ecclesiastical province of Toliara in Madagascar.
The diocesan cathedral is the Cathedral of the Holy Family in the City of Orange, and its Bishop Kevin Vann, officially installed on December 10, 2012.
Since then he has been reconciled to the Holy See.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Zomba) is a diocese located in the city of Zomba in the Ecclesiastical province of Blantyre in Malawi.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Zacatecoluca is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of San Salvador.
It pastorally serves all of Sumba Island.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ngong) is a diocese located in the city of Ngong in the Ecclesiastical province of Nairobi in Kenya.
The 2 provinces of Davao del Sur and Davao Occidental are under the jurisdiction of this diocese.
The Diocese of Moray, Ross and Caithness is one of the seven dioceses of the Scottish Episcopal Church.
There is a Catholic Church on St Helena, the Sacred Heart in Jamestown.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Formosa 'Dioecesis Formosae' is in Argentina and is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Resistencia.
The mother church is the Cathedral of St. Raymond Nonnatus.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Celje is a diocese located in the city of Celje in the Ecclesiastical province of Maribor in Slovenia.
The diocese currently corresponds to the Départment of Loiret.
It was re-erected as an apostolic vicariate on 28 April 1892 and as the Diocese of Saint George's on 18 February 1904.
There are no Catholic colleges or universities situated in the diocese.
The creation of the diocese in present form was declared November 24, 1960.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mérida is a Latin rite Metropolitan Archdiocese in western Venezuela.
In addition to its 56 parish churches, the diocese oversees 44 schools, three general hospitals, plus one disabled and five ethnic ministry centers.
Pope Pius XII created the diocese on May 19, 1951.
Its headquarters are at Canadian Forces Support Unit, Uplands site - Building 469, Ottawa, Ontario K1A 0K2.
Ilija Janjić currently serves as bishop in the diocese.
Created as the Apostolic Prefecture of the Island of Formosa in 1913, the name was changed to the Apostolic Prefecture of Kaohsiung in 1949.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jiading/(currently) Leshan, Chinese: 天主教嘉定/乐山教区) is a diocese located in the city of Leshan in the Ecclesiastical province of Chongqing in China.
St Patrick's Cathedral, Parramatta is the seat of the Catholic Bishop of Parramatta.
Erected in 1939 as the Apostolic Prefecture of Bhamo, the prefecture was created from territory in the Apostolic Vicariate of Northern Burma.
The Territorial Prelature of Caravelí is a Roman Catholic territorial prelature in the Ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan of Ayacucho in southern Peru.
The Latin Archdiocese of Ispahan/Esfahan or Isfahan is the organization of the Roman Catholic Church in Iran.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Belgaum) is a diocese located in the city of Belgaum in the Ecclesiastical province of Bangalore in India.
By papal bull Locum Beati Petri it was degraded at the level of the diocese in 1828.
The Diocese of Ozieri is a Roman Catholic bishoric in Sardinia, Italy.
as well as a former Cathedral, also Minor Basilica: Basilica de San Martín de Mondoñedo, in Foz, Lugo province.
The jurisdiction of this diocese are the two provinces of Surigao del Norte and Dinagat Islands
In 2014 there was one priest for every 1,914 Catholics.
During the Middle Ages the University of Lleida was famous; in 1717 it was suppressed, and united with Cervera.
The Vicariate Apostolic of Guapi in the Catholic Church is located in the town of Guapi, Cauca in Colombia.
It is included in the province of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York, in the Roman Rite.
There is an Archbishop and Diocese of Abuja in the Anglican Church of Nigeria's Abuja Province.
As for education, there are 252 Catholic schools and kindergartens, having a total of over 149,626 pupils.
Its cathedral archiepiscopal see is the Manfredonia Cathedral, dedicated to Santo Lorenzo Maiorano, in Foggia, Puglia.
It is noted for having had a number of its bishops elected to the Papacy.
The Diocese of Uromi is to its north and the Diocese of Warri borders it on the south.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Potenza-Muro Lucano-Marsico Nuovo.
Erected in the 9th century, the diocese was elevated to an archdiocese in 1954.
The Roman Rite Latin Church diocese is centered in the City of Kabankalan in Negros Occidental province and covers the southern part of the province.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Besançon is a Latin Rite Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in France.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kafanchan) is a diocese located in the city of Kafanchan in the Ecclesiastical province of Kaduna in Nigeria.
The diocese comprises 62 congregations and its headquarters are in Fort Worth, Texas.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tanjore/Thanjavur) is a diocese located in the city of Tanjore in the Ecclesiastical province of Pondicherry and Cuddalore in India.
It now covers an area of 7,029 km²., and contains a population of 852,685, of whom 750,000 are Catholic.
The diocese publishes The Sower, a monthly newsletter with articles written in both English and Ukrainian, from its offices in Stamford.
It was originally the Deanery of the Chaplaincy of the Convocation of Anglicans in North America, later becoming the Diocese of the Armed Forces and Chaplaincy.
The motherchurch of the Diocese is the Cathedral-Basilica Minore of the Immaculate Conception Malolos Cathedral located in Malolos City, Bulacan.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Venice.
In that year the Diocese of Diano-Teggiano was united with the diocese of Policastro.
The diocese is almost coterminus with the Syro-Malabar Catholic Diocese of Palghat.
It is under the patronage of Our Lady of Perpetual Succour, whose feast is celebrated as a solemnity in the diocese on 27 June.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Viviers is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
The territory of the diocese covers an area of 28,825 square kilometres.
The motto of the diocese is "For the Good of Souls".
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kurnool) is a diocese located in the city of Kurnool in the Ecclesiastical province of Hyderabad in India.
The diocese of Thanh Hóa is a Roman Catholic diocese of Vietnam.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Arras; French: Diocèse d'Arras) is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Celaya is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of León.
The diocese played an important part in the growing autonomy of Anglicanism in Canada.
The last bishop was Archbishop David Ashdown.
On the occasion of his first entry into Rennes it was customary for him to be borne on the shoulders of four Breton barons.
He was ordained a priest on August 4, 1990, and incardinated in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Santiago de Veraguas.
In 2009, the diocese had 79,688 members in 182 congregations and is thus the Episcopal Church's largest domestic diocese.
It is currently governed by Archbishop Samir Nassar.
The current bishop of the diocese is Bishop Thomas Zinkula.
The creation of the diocese in its present form was declared on 24 November 1960.
It is currently ruled by eparch Georges Chihane.
On 11 November 1997, it lost its territory to the North of it, to establish Apostolic Prefecture of Brunei.
The Archdiocese of Tuam is a Roman Catholic archdiocese in western Ireland.
The seat of the bishopric is in the Cathedral of Mary the Mother of the Church.
Nazarius Heung-sik Yoo is its bishop; Augustinus Kim Jong Soo is the auxiliary bishop.
The diocese was founded in March 1955 and the Cathedral Church is the Catedral de San José, Chiriquí.
The diocesan bishop since September 2008 has been Stephen T. Lane.
Bifurcation of the diocese of Kottar had been a long-standing demand of the people of the region.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jérémie, erected 20 April 1972, is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Port-au-Prince.
The cathedral church is the Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Nouakchott) is a diocese situated in Nouakchott, Mauritania.
According to tradition, the "Diocese of Tuam" was established in the 6th century by St. Jarlath.
There is one priest for every 2,710 Catholics.
The see city is Charleston, home to Grace Church Cathedral and diocesan headquarters.
Prior to 1921 the area had been the archdeaconry of Monmouth.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Ibadan is the Metropolitan See for the Ecclesiastical province of Ibadan in Nigeria.
Most of the people in this Diocese are from Garo tribal community.
The archdiocese comprises the whole of the department of Tarn, and is itself currently suffragan to the Archdiocese of Toulouse, a metropolitan archdiocese.
The Diocese of Teramo-Atri is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in Abruzzo, central Italy.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Agats) is a diocese located in the city of Agats in the Ecclesiastical province of Merauke in Indonesia.
Ferrara became an archdiocese, though without suffragans, in 1735.
The Holy Metropolis of Servia and Kozani is an Orthodox Christian diocese located in West Macedonia, Greece, with the bishop's seat at Kozani.
The Diocese of Brooklyn is a diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in the U.S. state of New York.
It has two Co-Cathedrals, both former cathedrals of absorbed bishoprics whose title was also adopted :
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Altoona–Johnstown is a Roman Catholic diocese in Pennsylvania.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Techiman) is a diocese located in the city of Techiman in the Ecclesiastical province of Kumasi in Ghana.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Mechelen-Brussels.
At the same time, however, Avignon was reduced to the rank of a bishopric and was made a suffragan see of Aix.
The current bishop is Luigi Palletti who was designated to be the new ordinary by pope Benedict XVI on October 20, 2012.
Its congregants are overwhelmingly Hispanic, mostly Mexican in descent.
As published in the 2013 "Oregon Catholic Directory," this archdiocese serves 412,725 Catholics.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago was established as a diocese in 1843 and elevated to an archdiocese in 1880.
The diocese extends over the entire department of Maine-et-Loire.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Zamość-Lubaczów – Lubaczovien(sis)) is a suffragan Latin diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of Przemyśl in Poland.
On the same day the Pope erected the new Diocese of Sisak, also in Croatia and within the Ecclesiastical province of Zagreb.
It is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Siracusa.
The synod sessions were held in 2001.
The diocese covers an area of 38,752 km² of the Karnataka state previously belonging to the Archdiocese of Hyderabad and the dioceses of Bellary and Belgaum.
The current Metropolitan Archbishop of San Salvador is Msgr.
Uppsala diocese was formed, however, in the 1130s while Sigtuna ceased to have its own bishop.
Its area is that of the state of the same name, covering an area of 17,204 square miles.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Presidente Prudente is a diocese located in the city of Presidente Prudente in the Ecclesiastical province of Botucatu in Brazil.
It was originally established as a military vicariate, with the Archbishop of New York also serving as the military vicar.
The diocese was formed on 23 January 1914 from part of the Diocese of Norwich and the Diocese of Ely.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Cartago in Colombia) is a diocese located in the city of Cartago in the Ecclesiastical province of Cali in Colombia.
Galumbulula will be ordained and installed as Bishop of Luiza at a date in the near future.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Sololá-Chimaltenango is a Latin suffragan diocese in the ecclesiastical province of the Archdiocese of Los Altos Quetzaltenango-Totonicapán in Guatemala's southern interior.
The see is currently vacant, following the retirement of Robert "Bob" Gillies, who had been consecrated in 2007.
The Diocese of The Murray is a traditionalist Anglo-Catholic diocese that does not ordain women to the priesthood.
The election of Terence Kelshaw in 1989 inaugurated a period of change not unmixed with controversy for the diocese.
The diocese was canonically erected by Pope Saint Pius X on March 12, 1904, taking its territories from the Diocese of Providence in Rhode Island.
It lost territory to the Apostolic Vicariate of Kivu in 1912, and was divided into the vicariates of Bukoba and Mwanza in 1929.
Thus the original Ranchi Diocese divided into 14 Dioceses including the present Archdiocese of Ranchi.
immediately subject to the Holy See, not part of any ecclesiastical province.
The diocese's patron saint is Saint Marko of Križevci.
The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Rennes, Dol, and Saint-Malo.
It is centered in the city of Kotor.
The Christ the King Seminary, the major seminary of the country, is located in the Archdiocese.
The Latin name of the archdiocese is Archidioecesis Neo-Eboracensis, and the corporate name is Archdiocese of New York.
Bishop-elect Burnette, 57, is a native of Falkenham, England, grew up in Texas, and was originally a priest of the Phoenix Eparchy.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Concordia is in Argentina and is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Paraná.
It was here that the Daughters of St. Anne, a Diocesan Congregation, had their beginning in 1897.
The Patriarchate of Karlovci or Serbian Patriarchate of Sremski Karlovci, was a patriarchate of the Serbian Orthodox Church that existed between 1848 and 1919.
The creation of the Diocese in present form was declared November 24, 1960.
The Diocese of Povardarie -also known as the Vardar Diocese- is a diocese of the Macedonian Orthodox Church.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Machala is a diocese located in the city of Machala in the Ecclesiastical province of Cuenca in Ecuador.
Since 2002 it has lost its metropolitical function, its province having ceased to exist.
It administers parishes on the western side of Central Java province up to Batang, Wonosobo and Kebumen regencies at its eastern borders.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Clogher was formed in 1111 at the Synod of Rathbreasail as the see for the Kingdom of Uí Chremthainn.
It is immediately subject to the Holy See.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Louisville consists of twenty-four counties in central Kentucky, US, covering 8,124 square miles.
The Archdiocese of Kraków, Polish: Archidiecezja krakowska) is an archdiocese located in the city of Kraków in Poland.
The Diocese of Seville was founded in the 3rd century.
It is currently a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Marseilles and consequently the archbishop no longer wears the pallium.
Its cathedral episcopal see is Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception, in national capital St. George's, Grenada.
Prior to this bifurcation, Kottar diocese had been one of the largest in India with over 500000 Catholics.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lancaster is a Latin Rite Roman Catholic diocese centred on Lancaster Cathedral in the city of Lancaster in Lancashire, England.
In 1995, part of the diocese was split off to form the Diocese of Kurunegala.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Mangochi) is a diocese located in the city of Mangochi in the Ecclesiastical province of Blantyre in Malawi.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Owensboro is a Roman Catholic diocese in Kentucky founded on December 9, 1937.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Gatineau is situated in the province of Quebec.
The archepiscopal see is located in the cathedral of Notre-Dame de Reims, where the Kings of France were traditionally crowned.
The Italian Catholic Archdiocese of Lecce in Apulia, southern Italy, has existed as a diocese since 1057.
The current bishop is C. Andrew Doyle.
The Archbishopric of Salzburg was a prince-bishopric of the Holy Roman Empire until 1803, when it was secularized as the Electorate of Salzburg.
The Diocese of Algoma, founded in 1873, was one of four carved off from the original Diocese of Toronto.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Majorca) is a diocese located in the city of Palma, Majorca in the Ecclesiastical province of Valencia in Spain.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Santos is a diocese located in the city of Santos in the Ecclesiastical province of São Paulo in Brazil.
Bill Atwood has been General Secretary of the Ekklesia society, an orthodox Anglican aggregation, since 2000, having left the Episcopal Church in 2006.
It was sede vacante from June 15, 2011 to October 11, 2012.
Its first bishop was the Right Rev.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kasese) is a diocese in the city of Kasese in the ecclesiastical province of Mbarara in Uganda.
The Diocese of Beverley is an historical diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in England.
Now headquartered in Timmins, Ontario it was originally headquartered in Moose Factory.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Moroto) is a diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of Tororo in Uganda.
The current bishop is Jacques Benoit-Gonnin, appointed in 2010.
The diocese has experienced a number of transfers among different metropolitans.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Oudtshoorn) is a diocese located in the city of Oudtshoorn in the Ecclesiastical province of Cape Town in South Africa.
Its mother church is the Catedral Basílica de Mercedes-Luján in Mercedes.
It was created in 1874 by the division into four parts of the original Diocese of Rupert's Land.
Its archbishop is also the eccesiatical provincial for the dioceses of Hamilton, London, Saint Catharines, and Thunder Bay.
It comprises the whole province of Antique.
It was created in 1982, by a name change and elevation in rank from the Diocese of Penne e Pescara.
Subsequently, the Diocese has become part of the Province of Jos.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kaišiadorys is a diocese located in the city of Kaišiadorys in the Ecclesiastical Province of Vilnius in Lithuania.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Genoa and forms part of the ecclesiastical region of Liguria.
It is immediately subject to the Holy See.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lingayen-Dagupan is an archdiocese of the Roman Catholic Church in the Province of Pangasinan, Philippines.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Sunyani) is a diocese located in the city of Sunyani in the Ecclesiastical province of Kumasi in Ghana.
The Jaffna Diocese is the Church of South India diocese for northern Sri Lanka.
The Catholic Church in Thailand is part of the worldwide Catholic Church, under the spiritual leadership of the Pope in Rome.
The Roman Catholic Metropolitan Archdiocese of Tokyo is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in Japan.
It also has two Minor Basilicas :
By 2004, Archdiocese of Ho Chi Minh city had about 602,478 believers, 519 priests and 195 parishes.
All Catholics of the Syro-Malabar rite in the diocese came under his jurisdiction.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Xuanhua/Süanhwa, Chinese: 宣化) is a diocese located in the city of Xuanhua in the Ecclesiastical province of Beijing in China.
In 2015, in the Diocese of Angoulême there was one priest for every 3,680 Catholics.
Bishop Simon Bruté College Seminary is a Roman Catholic college seminary located in Indianapolis, Indiana within the Archdiocese of Indianapolis.
The Diocese of El Camino Real is a diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America, located in northern and central California.
He was installed in a liturgical ceremony on 1 March 2012.
Its cathedral is the Cathedral of All Souls in Asheville, located in Biltmore Village.
The diocese's first convention was held in 1896.
The Diocese of Dromore is a Roman Catholic diocese in Northern Ireland.
He succeeded Bishop Lobo as Bishop of Islamabad-Rawalpindi upon the acceptance by Benedict of Lobo's resignation on Thursday, 18 February 2010.
It is a part of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland, and its see city is Turku.
The Archdiocese comprises the department of Yonne, which is in the region of Bourgogne.
The diocese is immediately subject to the Holy See.
The Diocese of Gospić–Senj-Senien(sis)) is a diocese located in the cities of Gospić and Senj in the Ecclesiastical province of Rijeka in Croatia.
He was ordained to the episcopate and installed on April 10, 2010.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Miao is a diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of Guwahati.
The Archeparchy of Jerusalem of the Melkites is a branch of the Melkite Greek Catholic Church immediately subject to the Patriarch of Antioch of the Melkites.
The Latin Rite Catholic Archdiocese of Santa Fe de la Vera Cruz (Latin: Archidioecesis Sanctae Fidei Verae Crucis in Argentina and is a metropolitan diocese.
Each chaplain remains incardinated into the diocese or religious institute for which he was ordained.
Marie, and its Anglican population of 18,000 on the parish rolls is served by 50 parishes.
The episcopal see is Laval Cathedral in the city of Laval.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Yuanling, Chinese: 沅陵, 辰州) is a diocese located in the city of Yuanling in the Ecclesiastical province of Changsha in China.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Concepción is in Argentina and is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Tucumán.
However it remains dependent on the missionary Roman Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples.
In 2012 in the diocese of Ajaccio there was one priest for every 3,636 Catholics.
Its present archbishop is J. Peter Sartain.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Butuan is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Philippines.
The faith community comprises 20 interdependent congregations, mostly small and rural.
The See of Reno is a suffragan diocese of the Ecclesiastical Province of San Francisco.
The diocese was split off from the Archdiocese of Cagayan de Oro.
Diocese of Kon Tum is a Roman Catholic diocese of Vietnam.
It covers the historic counties of Angus and Kincardineshire.
The diocese includes 56 parishes in the state's southwestern region, including the cities of Lynchburg and Roanoke, with offices in the latter city.
It was called historically the Diocese of Viterbo e Tuscania.
The Episcopal Diocese of Western North Carolina is a diocese in the Episcopal Church.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Prince-Albert, in Saskatchewan, is a Latin suffragan in the western Canadian ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Regina.
The Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Kamyanets-Podilskyi is an eparchy of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church sui iuris in its homeland Ukraine.
The seat of the Archdiocese is currently located in Naga City, also known as the Queen City of Bicol.
David W. Parsons was elected to succeed as diocesan bishop and Darren McCartney as suffragan.
The Diocese of West Malaysia was founded on 8 April 1970, as DWM together with Diocese of Singapore split from Diocese of Singapore and Malaya.
Peterborough remains the seat of the Diocese of Peterborough.
The archdiocese's cathedral is Notre-Dame de Québec Cathedral in Quebec City.
The Archdiocese of Gaeta is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in southern Italy, with its episcopal see in the city of Gaeta, in the Lazio region.
As of 2008 it consists of 10 monasteries, 212 churches, 108 chapels, 178 priests, 20 deacons.
The name of the diocese refers to the region of "Olympia" and is not related to the state capital Olympia.
As of 2006, the archdiocese had 277 diocesan priests, 283 religious priests, 383 male religious orders and 1,530 female religious orders.
It was founded in 1905 as the Diocese of Harrisburg, separating from the original Diocese of Central Pennsylvania now known as the Episcopal Diocese of Bethlehem.
The first bishop was Cyprian Kihangire who later became the first African Bishop of Gulu and died on 1 November 1990.
Pope Leo XIII erected the Diocese of Manchester by canon on April 15, 1884.
It has jurisdiction over all military, police and coast guard personnel, their dependents, and the civilian employees of all branches of the armed forces.
The two major population cities are Stockton and Modesto.
He currently also serves as the President of the Mexican Episcopal Conference.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bourges is an archdiocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
The Territorial Prelature of Tromsø is a Roman Catholic territorial prelature located in the city of Tromsø in Norway.
The cathedral episcopal see is in the Catedral Basílica de Nuestra Señora del Carmen, dedicated to Our Lady of Carmel, in Lugo city.
Its cathedral episcopal see is Cathédrale Saint-Antoine-de-Padoue in the city of Molegbe.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Campo Mourão is a suffragan Latin diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan of Maringá in Paraná state, southern Brazil.
It was established in 1887 and is in Province VI.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saurimo is an archdiocese located in the city of Saurimo in Angola.
The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Anchorage.
Pope Pius IX erected the Diocese of Portland by canon on July 29, 1853.
The Catholic Archdiocese of Strasbourg is a non-metropolitan archdiocese of the Latin Rite of the Catholic Church in France, first mentioned in 343.
The Roman Catholic Metropolitan Archdiocese of Yangon is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in Myanmar.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Udine is an Archdiocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic church in Italy.
Its official newspaper is The Catholic Spirit.
The current Bishop of Niagara is the Right Reverend Michael Bird, who was installed as Diocesan Bishop on March 2, 2008.
It is in the ecclesiastical province of Addis Ababa.
The Archdiocese of Turku, historically known as Archdiocese of Åbo, is the seat of the Archbishop of Turku.
The Dioceses of Nuevo Laredo was erected on November 6, 1989 under "quo Facilius."
The diocese is subdivided into 30 parishes.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of San Carlos is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines.
The Military Bishopric of Bolivia is a military ordinariate of the Roman Catholic Church.
The diocesan co-cathedral of the Holy Cross is in the city of Križevci.
The diocese is centred in the city of Banja Luka, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Kolomyia – Chernivtsi is an eparchy of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church situated in Ukraine.
The cathedral church of the diocese is Trinity Episcopal Cathedral, Miami.
The diocese covers an area of 5,838 km² of the territory previously belonging to the Diocese of Raigarh, in Chhattisgarh state.
The Diocese of Caledonia is a diocese of the Ecclesiastical Province of British Columbia and the Yukon of the Anglican Church of Canada.
The Diocese of Boise is an ecclesiastical territory of the Catholic Church in the northwestern U.S., encompassing the entire state of Idaho.
By 2004, the Archdiocese of Huế had about 65,770 Roman Catholics, 93 priests and 177 parishes.
Its seat is located at the Saint Peter's Metropolitan Cathedral.
Overall the Archdiocese of Toronto is the largest in Canada.
The diocese is home to 120,527 Catholics in 91 parishes.
Bishop Shelton Fabre, formerly an auxiliary bishop of New Orleans, is the current ordinary.
The last candidate rejected on strictly theological grounds was James DeKoven in 1875 for his high church practices.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Canarias) is a diocese located in the Canary Islands in the Ecclesiastical province of Seville in Spain.
Its episcopal see is Immaculate Conception Cathedral, located in the city of Yongping
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Legnica) is an diocese located in the city of Legnica in the Ecclesiastical province of Wrocław in Poland.
On December 12, 2013, Pope Francis named Msgr.
He attended a Minor Seminary in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Ciudad Obregon, Mexico, then studied Philosophy in the Seminary of Montezuma in the United States.
Since 1993, its official name is Archdiocese of Kalocsa-Kecskemét.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Raipur) is an archdiocese located in the city of Raipur in India.
The Eparchy of St. George does take part in the Synod.
At present, the entire Diocese of Chiang Mai is under the leadership of His Excellency Bishop Francis Xavier Vira Arpondratana.
It also has a Co-Cathedral Co-Catedral São Francisco Xavier, in Paranatinga.
The new basilica, built in 1961, is home to a 13th-century Byzantine icon of a black Madonna.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Umuahia) is a diocese located in the city of Umuahia.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of León is an ecclesiastical territory or Metropolitan diocese of the Roman Catholic Church based in the Mexican city of León, Guanajuato.
Basílica de Nuestra Señora de Los Ángeles, dedicated to Our Lady of Angels, in Cartago.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kayanga is a diocese located in the city of Kayanga in the Ecclesiastical province of Mwanza in Tanzania.
It is named after the town of Emdibir, where it has its cathedral, St. Anthony Cathedral, Endibir.
The Diocese of Mpumalanga is a diocese in the Anglican Church of Southern Africa.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Nacala) is a diocese located in the city of Nacala in the Ecclesiastical province of Nampula in Mozambique.
Its territories were taken from the former Diocese of Boston.
Since 25 June 2006 the Archbishop of Oristano has been Ignazio Sanna.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Huacho) is a diocese located in the city of Huacho in the Ecclesiastical province of Lima in Peru.
Pietro e Paolo dedicated to the Assumption of Mary and to the Apostles Peter and Paolo, in Brescia.
Manuel P. Del Rosario, DD as its first diocesan bishop.
It changed its name to the "Diocese of Kerry" on 20 December 1952.
Approximately 6 years later, on 2 January 1966, Father Anthony Lee was ordained.
The suffragan dioceses are: Callao, Carabayllo, Chosica, Huacho, Ica and Lurin.
Disjoined from the Diocese of Copenhagen on 1 January 1961, it is the most recently established of the 10 dioceses within the Danish state church.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Crookston is a Roman Catholic diocese that covers the northwest section of Minnesota.
St. Anne’s Cathedral in Vĩnh Long town has been assigned as the Cathedral of the diocese.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of La Guaira is a diocese located in the city of La Guaira in the Ecclesiastical province of Caracas in Venezuela.
He succeeded Don Wimberly as diocesan on June 7, 2009 upon Wimberly's retirement.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tanjung Selor) is a diocese located in the city of Tanjung Selor in the Ecclesiastical province of Samarinda in Indonesia.
It is one of the five suffragan sees of the Archdiocese of Tuam.
In 1842, the diocese, no longer an archdiocese, was moved back to St Andrews and united with the Diocese of Dunkeld and Dunblane.
immediately subject to the Holy See, not part of an ecclesiastical province.
Its first bishop, Benjamin Cronyn, was the first to be elected by a diocesan synod in Canada.
On February 2, 2012, Luc-André Bouchard, was appointed bishop of Trois-Rivières and was succeeded by Paul Terrio in an ordination ceremony on December 12, 2012.
The current diocesan bishop is Nicholas Anthony DiMarzio.
During the Easter Vigil of April 14, 2001 Saint Joseph Church was rededicated as the Co-Cathedral of Saint Joseph.
Steenson shared his predecessor's theological conservatism, though unlike Kelshaw, he came from an Anglo-Catholic background.
Metropolitanate of Zagreb and Ljubljana is Eastern Orthodox eparchy and one of the five honorary Metropolitanates of the Serbian Orthodox Church.
As of 2002, of the 4.4 million citizens living in the area of this prefecture, 13,250 were members of the Catholic Church.
The bishop's residence is Llys Esgob in Abergwili, Carmarthenshire.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Constantine is a Roman Catholic diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of Algiers in Algeria.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Campo Maior is a Latin suffragan diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of Teresina, in northeastern Brazil's Piauí state.
Bishop Skelton was consecrated and installed March 1st, 2014.
Camp Gray, a summer camp and retreat center, is one of the ministries of the Diocese of Madison.
The Diocese of Gougark, is a diocese of the Armenian Apostolic Church encompassing the northern Lori Province of Armenia.
The bishop position is vacant since June 2006.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jaipur in India was created on July 20, 2005, when the Diocese of Ajmer and Jaipur was split.
The eparch resides in Faridabad, where the Kristuraja Cathedral is located.
In 1998, the Archdiocese of Karachi owned 17 English- and 46 Urdu-medium schools for some 40,000 students with about 1,700 teachers.
At the same time he named Glandas Marie Erick Toussaint as the auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Aguarico, a missionary s-circonscription of the Roman Catholic Church, is located in the Aguarico Canton in Ecuador's Amazon Rainforest.
Nidaros is a diocese in the Lutheran Church of Norway.
It was formally inaugurated on August 21, 2003, with the installation of Most Reverend Francisco C. San Diego, DD.
Its second archbishop, Lorcán Ua Tuathail, is also its patron saint.
The current bishop is Emmanuel Trance,a priest from the Archdiocese of Jaro appointed in 1988.
Paul Millward will be inducted as Dean of Huron at the opening worshop service of the 176th Diocesan Synod on May 28, 2017.
He was installed on May 14, 2012.
Re-established by the Concordat of 1802, the diocese became a suffragan to the Archdiocese of Tours.
Its cathedral is the Holy Trinity Metropolitan Cathedral in Blaj.
The Archdiocese of Pescara-Penne was a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in central Italy.
It is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Huế.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Toledo is a Roman Catholic diocese covering nineteen counties in northwestern Ohio.
Since 2008 the Archbishop of Pisa has been Giovanni Paolo Benotto.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Willemstad is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Curaçao in the Caribbean.
The Diocese of Awgu in Nigeria was created on July 5, 2005, when it was split off from the Diocese of Enugu.
However it remains dependent on the missionary Roman Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples.
It is subordinate to the Bucharest Archdiocese.
As archbishop, he also serves as pastor of the Cathedral of Saint Mary, the mother church of the archdiocese.
Geographically, it encompasses 11 counties in Western Pennsylvania.
The diocese is not generally called either Sodor diocese or Man diocese.
The former is divided into the rural deaneries of City of Leicester; Framland; Gartree First and Second; and Goscote.
His headquarters are located in Long Beach, California.
Erected in 1970 as the Diocese of Bridgetown-Kingstown, the diocese was split on 23 October 1989 into the Diocese of Bridgetown and the Diocese of Kingstown.
Peter and Paul in Providence is the mother church of the diocese of Providence.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Ciudad Bolívar) is an archdiocese located in the city of Ciudad Bolívar in Venezuela.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Vientiane is a territorial jurisdiction of the Catholic Church located in northern Laos.
Pope Pius VI, who had been taken prisoner and deported from Italy by troops of the French Directory, was imprisoned in the fortress of Valence.
Its cathedral episcopal see mother church is Jungnim-dong Cathedral in Chuncheon.
The Roman Catholic Vicariate Apostolic of Reyes is an apostolic vicariate located in the town of Reyes in Bolivia.
iv) Eastern-Church parishes and communities throughout France dependent on the Archbishop as Ordinary of the Ordinariate of France, Faithful of Eastern Rites.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Surigao is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Philippines.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Séez is a diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
It was elevated as the Diocese of Pembroke on 4 May 1898.
Since 1999, Bishop of Zahumlje and Herzegovina is Grigorije Durić.
The diocese covers an area of 76,562 km², covering all of the southern provinces of Thailand, including Prachuap Khiri Khan as its northernmost province.
They include: homeless and feeding ministries, clinics, after school programs for at risk youth, ministry to seniors, ESL and citizenship classes and much more.
Some liturgies are held at St. Joseph Pro-Cathedral, Camden.
It is immediately subject to the Maronite Patriarch of Antioch and the Roman Congregation for the Oriental Churches.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Baghdad Latinorum) is a Catholic diocese of the Roman/Latin Rite located in the city of Baghdad in Iraq.
The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Lahore.
The vicariate is subdivided into 7 pastoral centers, and has 26 priests.
In 1939 Halychyna also came under Russian rule and in 1946 the local Church structure was forcefully subjected under the Russian Orthodox Church.
The supreme authority of the church is The Queen, and the administrative head is the Minister for Ecclesiastical Affairs.
The Diocese of Saint Helena is an Anglican diocese within the Anglican Church of Southern Africa.
The movement to start a new diocese of the ACNA in the states of Texas and Louisiana begun in 2011.
It operates a number of parochial schools in the city of Winnipeg jointly with the Latin Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Boniface.
It is the only Roman Catholic diocese in the world – other than Rome – which bears the title of a Holy See.
The Diocese of Saint Edmundsbury and Ipswich is a Church of England diocese based in Ipswich, covering Suffolk.
The Roman Catholic Metropolitan Archdiocese of Turin is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in Italy.
Under its jurisdiction are the three suffragan dioceses of Digos, Tagum, and Mati the capital cities of the three Davao provinces.
Today, the bishop's offices are based in Douglas and the cathedral is in Peel.
Its current territory encompasses all of central and southern Virginia, Hampton Roads, and the eastern shore.
Given its status, Trier has always been the seat of a bishop since Roman times, one of the oldest dioceses in all of Germany.
The Diocese of Cyangugu was established by Pope John Paul II on November 14, 1981.
Part of the Roman Catholic Ecclesiastical Province of Brisbane, the region covered was initially administered by the Archdiocese of Sydney.
Infant Jesus Church, Henkel is the cathedral of the eparchy and the bishop's residence is at Kalenahalli, 6 km away from the city of Mandya.
The current bishop is Philip Huang Chao-ming, appointed in November 2001.
Then, on April 4, 2007, he was appointed Bishop of Coutances by Pope Benedict.
Its cathedral episcopal see is the Katedral Hati Kudus Yesus, in the city of Surabaya.
The diocese is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Portland.
Together, they oversee Catholic priests serving as chaplains throughout the world.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tabasco is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Yucatán.
Shigar and Beth ʿArabaye was a diocese in the Nestorian metropolitan province of Nisibis, centred on the town of Sinjar.
It was elevated as Archdiocese on November 25, 2005.
Presently Sede vacante, the most recent Latin Patriarch of Jerusalem was Fouad Twal who resigned in 2016.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kitale) is a diocese located in the city of Kitale in the Ecclesiastical province of Kisumu in Kenya.
The Archbishopric of Buenos Aires is the Primatial see of Argentina,  although the incumbent Metropolitan may be outranked by Cardinals or more senior ones.
On Friday, May 31, 2013, Pope Francis accepted the resignation of Bishop John Quinn Weitzel M.M., and appointed the Rev.
The St. Thomas the Apostle Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Melbourne is an eparchy of the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church sui iuris in Australia.
He gradually lost his civil power to the town council; the city became the Imperial city of Besançon in 1184.
Monsignor Antonio Staglianò is the current bishop of the diocese of Noto.
The Cathedral parish of the diocese is the Cathedral of St. Mary.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bjelovar-Križevci is a diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of Zagreb in Croatia.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tehuacán is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Puebla de los Angeles.
The Roman Catholic diocese of Vác, is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic church in Hungary.
Camp Wright, the diocesan camp, is located in Stevensville.
As a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Turin, it falls within the ecclesiastical region of Piedmont.
The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Benevento.
Erected in 1927 as the Apostolic Prefecture of Kengtung, the prefecture was created from territory in the Apostolic Vicariate of Eastern Burma.
The Episcopal Diocese of Florida is a diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Shantou/Swatow, Chinese: 汕頭) is a diocese located in the city of Shantou in the Ecclesiastical province of Guangzhou in China.
The diocese has the distinction of being the first Catholic ecclesiastical territory erected on the island of Taiwan.
Its see is the city of Facatativá; the diocese is part of the ecclesiastical province of Bogotá in Colombia.
Carlisle was thus the only cathedral in England to be run by Augustinians instead of Benedictines.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Derna is a Roman Catholic apostolic vicariate centered in Derna, Libya.
The papal representative to Gibraltar is the Nuncio to Great Britain, Antonio Mennini.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lugazi) is a diocese located in the city of Lugazi in the Ecclesiastical province of Kampala in Uganda.
Mathew Anikuzhikattil from the diocese of Kothamangalam is bishop of the diocese.
The current Bishop is the Right Reverend Melissa Skelton.
It is the sixth-largest Catholic diocese in the United States, currently serving approximately 1.5 million people in 134 parishes.
The contemporary diocese is co-extensive with the department of Drôme.
St. Thomas appointed Mar Remigius Inchananiyil, secretary and chancellor of Thamarassery, and judge of the major archiepiscopal tribunal, as the new bishop.
The Vicariate comprises the entirety of the French dependency of Saint-Pierre and Miquelon off the south coast of Newfoundland.
The Archdiocese of Ancona-Osimo is a joint ecclesiastical territory and metropolitan see of the Catholic Church in the Marche region of Italy.
The former Roman Catholic diocese of Ribe consisted of the modern Danish Provinces of Ribe, Vejle and Ringkøbing, and part of Southern Jutland.
The diocese is ancient, and the area of Ely was part of the patrimony of Saint Etheldreda.
Its territorial jurisdiction includes the District 2, 5, and 6 as well as Barangay Old Balara in Quezon City, and 23 barangays in North Caloocan City.
The Diocesan Office is located in Carrollton, Texas.
Numerous chapels have been raised, particularly in rural areas, over the last twenty years.
It is a suffragan see of the Archdiocese of Saint Paul and Minneapolis.
Like the other Danish bishops Olaf Munk was imprisoned on 12 August 1536.
In 1926 it was established as the Territorial Abbacy of Montevergine.
The archdiocese encompasses the department of Savoie, in the Region of Rhône-Alpes.
It was a Roman Catholic missionary jurisdiction of a Vicar Apostolic in predominantly Protestant Northern Europe.
The current bishop of the diocese is Bishop Paul J. Swain.
Its cathedral episcopal see is Katedral Santo Yosep, dedicated to Saint Joseph, in the city of Pangkal-Pinang, on Sumatera.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Maiduguri) is a diocese located in the city of Maiduguri in the Ecclesiastical province of Jos in Nigeria.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Nagasaki, Japanese: カトリック長崎大司教区) is an archdiocese located in the city of Nagasaki in Japan.
The Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Ss Peter and Paul and the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Hobart are attached to the archdiocese, for administrative purposes.
His predecessor was Archbishop Raymond Burke until Burke's transfer to the position of Prefect of the Supreme Tribunal of the Apostolic Signatura on June 27, 2008.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Niigata, Japanese: カトリック新潟教区 ) is a diocese located in the city of Niigata in the Ecclesiastical province of Tokyo in Japan.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint-Denis de La Réunion is a diocese of the Roman Catholic located on the island of Réunion.
Its cathedral episcopal see is St. Joseph’s Cathedral located in and on Zanzibar.
The Catholic Eparchy of Lungro is in Calabria, Italy of Italo-Albanian Greek Catholic Church.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tula is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Tulancingo.
On 28 August 2014, Pope Francis appointed Cardinal Antonio Cañizares Llovera as the next archbishop of Valencia.
Its cathedral archiepiscopal see is St Joseph’s Cathedral, in Kuching, Sarawak.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kokstad) is a diocese located in the city of Kokstad in the Ecclesiastical province of Durban in South Africa.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Guwahati) is an archdiocese located in the city of Guwahati in India.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Paranavaí is a Latin rite suffragan diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of Maringá in Paraná, southern Brazil.
The fourth and present bishop is Most Rev.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Medellín is an archdiocese located in the city of Medellín in Colombia.
The archbishop is Yves François Patenôtre, whose cathedra is at Sens Cathedral.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Siedlce) is a diocese located in the city of Siedlce in the Ecclesiastical province of Lublin in Poland.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Florencia is a diocese located in the city of Florencia, Caquetá in the ecclesiastical province of Ibagué in Colombia.
The eparchy is a part of the Armenian Catholic Church, one of the sui juris Eastern Catholic Churches of the Catholic Church.
It is one of nine archbishoprics in France which have no suffragans and the only one of those to be exempt, i.e.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Drohiczyn) is a diocese located in the city of Drohiczyn in the Ecclesiastical province of Białystok in Poland.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of São Luís do Maranhão is a Latin archdiocese in Brazil.
Since 2009, Archbishop Carlos Aguiar Retes has served as Archbishop of Tlalnepantla.
and its seat is in Prešov, where it has the cathedral see Greckokatolícka katedrálny chrám sv.
The Archdiocese of Sassari is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in Sardinia, Italy.
Its cathedral episcopal see is St. Josaphat’s Cathedral in Edmonton, Alberta.
It lies in the Ecclesiastical province of Dhaka in Bangladesh.
In turn, Iker rejected the authority of the Presiding Bishop.
It also has 32 Women Religious, 13 Religious Brothers, and 16 permanent deacons.
In 2008, due to growing number of Catholics in the diocese, the Pope appointed Msgr.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bridgetown is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Caribbean.
About 1120 William of Vercelli founded an abbey of eremitic inspiration dedicated to the Holy Virgin.
It is currently governed by archeparch Moussa El-Hage, OAM.
St Patrick's Cathedral is the seat of the Catholic Bishop of Toowoomba.
The line of independent bishops of Brechin restarted with John Falconar in 1709, and has continued to the present day.
Its headquarters are in Renwick Street, Alexandria, City of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
The Italian Catholic Diocese of Lodi has existed since the fourth century, and is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Milan.
Its cathedral episcopal see is Catedral de Nossa Senhora da Consolação, in the city of Guarda.
The Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Toronto and Eastern Canada is a Ukrainian Catholic eparchy in the Eastern part of Canada.
The largest Pacific Island community is the Filipino community.
The diocese was headquartered in Tromsø at the Tromsø Cathedral.
The diocese’s original cathedral, St. Paul Episcopal Cathedral, Cincinnati, was located in downtown Cincinnati but was demolished in 1937 due to structural problems.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Porto Velho is an archdiocese located in the city of Porto Velho in Brazil.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Brownsville is a Latin Rite suffragan diocese in the ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Galveston-Houston, in Texas, USA.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Jakarta is a Metropolitan Latin archdiocese on Java, in Indonesia.
The diocese of Kondoa is a see of the Roman Catholic Church suffragan of the Archdiocese of Dodoma.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Xi’an, Chinese: 西安, 長安) is an archdiocese located in the city of Xi’an in China.
The Episcopal Diocese of Fort Worth is a diocese of the Episcopal Church, which in turn is part of the worldwide Anglican Communion.
The diocese is suffragan of the Archbishop of Rouen and comprises the entire department of Manche.
The cathedral is All Saints Church in Ngcobo while the diocesan office is in Butterworth.
The latter had been in turn created in 1907, when the Diocese of Narni was united to the historical Diocese of Terni.
The Diocese of Edinburgh is one of the seven dioceses of the Scottish Episcopal Church.
It consists of three civil districts: Kaliakkavilai, Marthandam, Nagercoil.
The Diocese of Osnabrück is a diocese of the Catholic church in Germany; it was founded around 800.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Genoa.
Concurrently with Frey's appointment, the Standing Committee also announced that the 7th Bishop, Terence Kelshaw, had joined the Anglican Church of Uganda.
Current archeparch is the Jesuit Ján Babjak.
The diocese is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Esztergom-Budapest.
The parishes that make up the Territory are overseen by a Suffragan Bishop to the Metropolitan.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ondo) is a diocese located in the Ondo State in the Ecclesiastical province of Ibadan in Nigeria.
Its ecclesiastic territory includes Broward, Miami-Dade, and Monroe counties in the U.S. state of Florida.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Roraima is a diocese located in the state of Roraima in the Ecclesiastical province of Manaus in Brazil.
In 2013 in the diocese of Lodi there was one priest for every 1,337 Catholics.
It belongs to the ecclesiastical province Cologne.
In 1986, the historic Diocese of Nicastro had its name changed.
The diocese was established in 1850 and was replaced by two dioceses in 1878.
More than 10% of the two million people living in its area are Roman Catholics.
Capiz is the Archdiocese in the Province of Capiz, on the island of Visayas.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Mendi is a suffragan diocese of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mount Hagen, in Mendi, Papua New Guinea.
It is a suffragan diocese of the archdiocese of Mandalay.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Sale is a suffragan Latin Church diocese of Archdiocese of Melbourne, that covers the south east of Victoria, Australia.
This region was collectively referred as South Canara during the British Raj and the early post-independence era, prior to the States Reorganisation Act in 1956.
The Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Idukki is an Eastern Catholic eparchy in India, under the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church.
The American presbyterian publication "The Chinese recorder and missionary journal, Volume 3" calls it "Lu-ngan-fu".
The current Metropolitan bishop is Amfilohije Radović.
The diocese includes the cities of Wangaratta, Albury-Wodonga and Shepparton.
It is suffragan of the Diocese of Avignon.
Its see at Viseu is in the Centro Region.
The fifth and current bishop is John Barres.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Wanxian/Wanhsíen, Chinese: 萬縣) is a diocese located in Wanxian in the Ecclesiastical province of Chongqing in China.
It is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Thare and Nonseng.
Jos Diocese was founded on 10 January 1980 with the enthronement of Samuel Ebo.
He was consecrated bishop in 2014 and succeeded M. Thomas Shaw upon the latter's retirement in September 2014.
The diocese was raised to the level of an Archdiocese on 31 January 1948 by Pope Pius XII.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Krishnagar) is a diocese located in the city of Krishnagar in the Ecclesiastical province of Calcutta in India.
The eparchy has three vicarages, with a total of 39 priests and two deacons.
The Missionary District of Northern Texas was formed when a portion of the Episcopal Diocese of Texas was divided on February 2, 1875.
The Diocese of Paisley is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Latin Rite of the Catholic Church in Scotland.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Muyinga) is a diocese located in the city of Muyinga in the Ecclesiastical province of Gitega in Burundi.
The current bishop of Séez is Mgr.
The Archdiocese of Armagh is a Roman Catholic archdiocese in the northern part of Ireland.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Molegbe) is a suffragan Latin diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of Mbandaka-Bikoro in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The Diocese of Pskov and Porkhov is an eparchy of the Russian Orthodox Church.
The Italian Catholic Diocese of San Benedetto del Tronto-Ripatransone-Montalto in the Marche, has existed in its current form since 1986.
The diocese covers a large district of northeast Jutland and comprise 14 deaneries, of which four cover the extent of Aarhus city itself.
Its headquarters are located in Katy, Texas.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mariana is an archdiocese based in the city of Mariana in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais.
Holy Trinity Church, Ramanathapuram is the cathedral of the eparchy and the bishop's residence is also at Ramanathapuram.
The diocese is based in Lubbock, Texas.
The diocese covers an area of 5,442 km².
Melkite Catholic Patriarchal Exarchate of Kuwait-Melkites) is a Patriarchal Exarchate of the Melkite Greek Catholic Church sui iuris.
The Anglican Church in North America General Convention ratified the admission of the Anglican Diocese of the Southwest as a diocese-in-formation in June 2012.
The General Convention of the Episcopal Church recognized The Diocese of Oklahoma in 1937.
Its see is Luçon Cathedral in the commune of Luçon.
The diocese's cathedral is the Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist, located in downtown Cleveland.
Although a missionary pre-diocesan jurisdiction, it's not exempt but a suffragan in the Ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Windhoek.
Pope Benedict XVI accepted the resignation of Archbishop Daniel M. Buechlein, OSB, in September 2011, due to illness.
On July 10, 2009, he was appointed Bishop of Cuernavaca, taking canonical possession of the Diocese on August 18.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Veszprém is an Archdiocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Hungary.
Pope Pius IX erected the diocese April 23, 1847 in territory taken from the Archdiocese of Cincinnati.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Santa Fe de Antioquia is an archdiocese located in the city of Santa Fe de Antioquia in Colombia.
The Diocese of Görlitz is a diocese of the Roman Catholic church in Germany.
The Mother Church is Sacred Heart Cathedral, located on Northshore Drive in Knoxville.
The main church is Maribo Cathedral in Maribo but the bishop resides in Nykøbing Falster.
Kirk Stevan Smith is the current bishop.
The language spoken in many of the Catholic churches here is Papiamento and English.
The Diocese of Hermosillo was originally created as the Diocese of Sonora on .
Neighboring dioceses are Myitkyina to the north west and to the east, the archdiocese of Mandalay and the diocese of Taunggyi to the south.
The diocese forms part of the ecclesiastical province of Bordeaux, and the current Bishop is Michel Pierre Marie Mouïsse, who was appointed in 2004.
The tenth and current bishop of the Diocese is Dan Thomas Edwards, ordained bishop on 5 January 2008.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Botucatu is an archdiocese located in the city of Botucatu in Brazil.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of San Francisco is in Argentina and is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Córdoba.
On March 15, 1892, it was again promoted as the Vicariate Apostolic of Denmark.
The current bishop is Jose Corazon Tala-oc, appointed in May 2011 by Pope Benedict XVI.
In 2010 the diocese had 352 ordained pastors, 49 retired pastors and more than 200 church workers.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Viana is a diocese located in the city of Viana in the Ecclesiastical province of Luanda in Angola.
It is divided into 30 parishes, having 51 priests altogether.
Its suffragans are the Diocese of Fano-Fossombrone-Cagli-Pergola and the Archdiocese of Urbino-Urbania-Sant'Angelo in Vado.
The territory is divided into 7 parishes located in the following sites: Tromsø, Bodø, Hammerfest, Harstad, Mosjøen, Narvik and Storfjord.
Headquartered in Victoria, the diocese encompasses all of Vancouver Island and several nearby British Columbia islands.
It covers all Denmark and two Danish overseas possessions, the Faroe Islands and Greenland.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kabale) is a diocese located in the city of Kabale in the Ecclesiastical province of Mbarara in Uganda.
Finally, in 1925, the diocese of Lutsk was restored and the Diocese of Zytomir was split off.
The cathedral parish for the diocese is St. Ambrose.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kengtung is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Burma.
The diocese attained national attention in September 2015, when Finnish media reported that the diocese had purchased a luxury penthouse apartment for the bishop's official residence.
On October 12, 2012, Pope Benedict XVI appointed Most Rev.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Garanhuns is a diocese located in the city of Garanhuns in the Ecclesiastical province of Olinda e Recife in Brazil.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Choluteca is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Tegucigalpa.
The Diocese of Bethléem at Clamecy was also dependent on the metropolitan see of Sens.
The current bishop of the diocese is Bishop Jeffrey Monforton.
It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Naples.
The diocese, which covers an area of 1,950 km²., and contains a population of 4,879,553 - 235,922 of which are Catholic.
In 2010, the parts of Tamil Nadu under Syro-Malabar Catholic Diocese of Palghat were separated to another Syro-Malabar Catholic Diocese of Ramanathapuram.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Westminster is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in England.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Trujillo is a diocese located in the city of Trujillo in the Ecclesiastical province of Mérida in Venezuela.
The diocese is divided into 6 vicariates.
His predecessor, bishop Hans Ludvig Martensen, S.J., served in the position from 1965 to 1995, when he resigned the post.
The Italian Catholic Diocese of Mazara del Vallo is in far western Sicily.
After his retirement in the year 2006, Bishop Mar Anthony Chirayath is the bishop of the eparchy.
Its suffragan dioceses include Adria-Rovigo, Belluno-Feltre, Chioggia, Concordia-Pordenone, Padova, Treviso, Verona, Vicenza, and Vittorio Veneto.
Two of Archbishops of Naples have been elected Pope, Paul IV and Innocent XII.
The Bishop then studied Theology in the Diocesan Seminary of Tijuana.
Father Blackett said he expected to receive more scrolls from other Irish cities which Barbados has a historic link including Wexford and Waterford.
Traditionally, it formed part of Lower Brittany.
It was announced by Pope Benedict XVI on 16 July 2012.
The Diocese of Chelmsford is a Church of England diocese, part of the Province of Canterbury.
Its current Eparch, Cyril Salim Bustros, S.M.S.P., was elected in 2011.
Bishop Geevarghese Divannasios Ottathengil was appointed as its first ordinary.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Rennes, Dol, and Saint-Malo is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in France.
The diocese was created in 1847 from the territory of the episcopal see of Chur-St. Gallen.
Most parishes are multipoint -with more than two congregations- with only one full-time clergy.
In 2013 there was one priest for every 1,780 Catholics.
Its ecclesiastic territory includes Lake, Porter, LaPorte, and Starke counties in northwestern Indiana.
However, in 1727, the new Primus, Andrew Lumsden, appointed William Dunbar as sole Bishop of Moray and Ross, combining the vacant northern see with Moray.
The Latin Rite Catholic Archdiocese of Wellington is the Metropolitan Archdiocese of New Zealand.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Governador Valadares is a diocese located in the city of Governador Valadares in the Ecclesiastical province of Mariana in Brazil.
It was a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Acapulco until 25 November 2006.
It is currently ruled by Archeparch Paul Youssef Matar.
|jurisdiction = Diocese |name = Ipil |latin = Dioecesis Ipilensis |local = Diocesis de Ipil
Orlando, where St. Luke's Cathedral is located, is the see city of the diocese.
The newly built Christmas Church in the region's capital, Tiraspol, is the Mother Church of this diocese.
As of 2001, of the 2.2 million citizen 15,246 are member of the Catholic Church.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Luebo ) is a suffrgan diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of Kananga in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Laredo is a Roman Catholic diocese located in Laredo, Texas.
The Italian Catholic Diocese of Piacenza-Bobbio in northern Italy, has existed since 1989.
The Anglican Diocese of Jos is a diocese of the Anglican Church of Nigeria which is roughly contiguous with Plateau State.
It has two suffragan sees of Kaišiadorys and Panevėžys.
The principal church of the diocese is St. Ansgar's Cathedral.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Rimini is an ecclesiastical territory in Emilia Romagna, Italy.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Galway, Kilmacduagh and Kilfenora is a Roman Catholic diocese in the west of Ireland.
The current bishop for the eparchy is Ilarion, and he is stylized as Bishop of Edmonton, and the Western Eparchy.
The Baptist Union of Australia was inaugurated on August 24th, 1926 at the Burton Street Church in Sydney.
PEARUSA was the North American missionary district of the Anglican Church of Rwanda.
As of 2013 the bishop was Stanley Roman.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Comayagua is a Latin suffragan bishopric in the ecclesiastical province of the Archdiocese of Tegucigalpa.
It covers the area of Banovina, Kordun, Lika, Krbava, Gorski Kotar, as well as northern Croatia and Istria.
There are 238 sisters from Lovers of the Holy Cross congregation doing active social and missionary work within the Diocese.
The Catholic Archdiocese of San Antonio encompasses 27,841 square miles in the US state of Texas.
After the former bishop Joachim Wanke resigned in 2012 the diocese was without bishop until November 2014 when Ulrich Neymeyr took office.
The following year, it was approved as a full diocese.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Guarulhos is a diocese located in the city of Guarulhos in the Ecclesiastical province of São Paulo in Brazil.
Formed from a division of the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts, it was officially recognized at the organizing convention of November 10, 1901.
The diocese was erected on July 13, 1548 and was elevated to Archdiocese on January 26, 1863.
Its ecclesiastic territory includes all of San Diego and Imperial Counties in Southern California, with a Catholic population of approximately 1 million.
The Diocese of Kalibo was created on January 16, 1976, and erected on July 15, 1976, a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Capiz.
The majority of Catholics in Iran belong to the Chaldean Catholic Church and there is also a small Armenian Catholic diocese.
The main church is St. Brendan's Anglican Church in Bellingham, Washington.
The majority of the diocese is evangelical and low church in tradition.
Its cathedral is Storkyrkan in Stockholm's old town.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Port-Vila in Vanuatu is a suffragan diocese of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Nouméa.
