The liver or spleen may also become swollen.
It is associated with slightly increased risk of mouth cancer.
Since it can be associated with the three systemic vasculitides mentioned above, a pauci-immune pattern finding can be associated with antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies.
It grows at the same rate as the surrounding tissue.
In addition, specific areas of the hippocampus are involved with memory.
Symptoms, including tardive akathisia, and Post SSRI Sexual Dysfunction may persist for months to years, yet may spontaneously resolve after prolonged presence.
There is no doubt that some headaches are caused by vascular effects.
The term "phantom limb" was first coined by American neurologist Silas Weir Mitchell in 1871.
It typically results from bacteria ascending into the uterus from the vagina and is most often associated with prolonged labor.
Pancytopenia is a medical condition in which there is a reduction in the number of red and white blood cells, as well as platelets.
Anodontia is usually part of a syndrome and seldom occurs as an isolated entity.
Goitres may have nodules or be diffuse.
This is owing to the high frequency of the HLA-B27 gene in the white population.
NSAIDs and COX2-inhibitors are generally not effective.
Hematopoietic stem cell transplantation is also used, especially for patients under 30 years of age with a related matched marrow donor.
For children with phonological and expressive language difficulties, there is evidence supporting speech and language therapy.
It is commonly characterized by diffuse infiltration of the brain with neoplastic glial cells that affect various areas of the cerebral lobes.
It is most common in parts of Asia and rare in the developed world.
Other obvious symptoms can be neurological in nature.
Folliculitis that is not treated properly could worsen and cause abscesses.
Jack Benny, American radio, television and movie actor; comedian
Sometimes the term "precancer" is used to describe carcinoma in situ, which is a noninvasive cancer that has not progressed to an aggressive, invasive stage.
Diagnosis can occur at any age, ranging from soon after birth to adulthood.
General presentations in neonates include abdominal pain and general GI upset.
In recent years, infection involving methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus has become more common.
The anemia is typically microcytic and hypochromic.
Gestational trophoblastic disease is a term used for a group of pregnancy-related tumours.
The term "agoraphobia" is from Greek ἀγορά, meaning a "public square" and -φοβία, -phobia, meaning "fear".
It was recognized in 1827 by Cusack.
Vesicoureteral reflux, also known as vesicoureteric reflux, is a condition in which urine flows retrograde, or backward, from the bladder into the ureters/kidneys.
Mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome is any of a group of autosomal recessive disorders that cause a significant drop in mitochondrial DNA in affected tissues.
Transsexual is generally considered a subset of transgender, but some transsexual people reject the label of transgender.
In most adults, the person may logically know the fear is unreasonable but still find it difficult to control the anxiety.
A nabothian cyst is a mucus-filled cyst on the surface of the cervix.
It is predominantly seen in men and, generally, has a poor prognosis.
Isotretinoin proves to be the medicine of choice for the treatment of the disease.
Treatment is typically with metronidazole, doxycycline, or tetracycline.
The number of cases of PID however, is not clear.
Retinoschisis is an eye disease characterized by the abnormal splitting of the retina's neurosensory layers, usually in the outer plexiform layer.
Pattern hair loss by the age of 50 affects about half of males and a quarter of females.
The exact cause is unknown but is believed to involve a number of factors, including genetics, immunology, and possibly diet.
In one case in 1991 and another in 2000 the condition was found in siblings who were the product of incest.
The majority of people with non-24 are totally blind, and the failure of entrainment is explained by an absence of photic input to the circadian clock.
Microangipoathy can affect all vital organs, kidneys, heart and brain, as well as eyes, nerves, lungs and locally gums and feet.
Toxicities of fat-soluble vitamins can also be caused by a large intake of highly fortified foods, but natural food rarely deliver dangerous levels of fat-soluble vitamins.
Even when a blood vessel is not injured, blood clots may form in the body under certain conditions.
There is currently no curative treatment for any form of MDDS, though some preliminary treatments have shown a reduction in symptoms.
Duodenal cancer has more in common with stomach cancer, while cancer of the jejunum and ileum have more in common with colorectal cancer.
The effect of the antibodies and the immunological pathway is most likely either of three mechanisms:
Shortness of breath may also occur and sometimes no symptoms are present.
This article refers to orthopedic contractures, i.e., permanent shortening of muscles, tendons, and/or ligaments.
Risk factors include exposure to ionizing radiation such as during radiation therapy, a family history of the condition, and neurofibromatosis type 2.
Typically there is pain with movement of the outer ear.
Complications may include seizures, disseminated intravascular coagulopathy, mesenteric artery occlusion, or rhabdomyolysis.
The mechanism of disease is breakdown of the airways due to an excessive inflammatory response.
Lymphatic malformation is more commonly used now because it is a sponge-like collection of abnormal growth that contains clear lymphatic fluid.
Worldwide, lymphomas developed in 566,000 people in 2012 and caused 305,000 deaths.
Ultimately, histone methyltransferases are important in deactivating certain genes, needed for proper growth and development.
Similar to that in patients with LAD1, their infections were accompanied by pronounced leukocytosis but an absence of pus formation at sites of recurrent cellulitis.
Rift Valley fever is a viral disease that can cause mild to severe symptoms.
This produces a rhythm classically compared to the cadence of the word "Tennessee".
The joint usually swells due to synovial fluid collection.
What usually happens is the patient seeks an explanation for the hallucinations.
Human activities that release mercury into the environment include the burning of coal and mining of gold.
The two most common species are Prototheca wickerhamii and Prototheca zopfii.
Individuals with a low heart rate prior to pacemaker implantation are more at risk of developing pacemaker syndrome.
It is treated first with steroids such as prednisone.
Androgen insensitivity syndrome is the largest single entity that leads to 46,XY undermasculinization.
The speed of onset of action of a particular benzodiazepine correlates well with the ‘popularity’ of that drug for abuse.
Some researchers indicate that jerks persistently may even cause early tremors.
Kidney stones typically form in the kidney and leave the body in the urine stream.
Dientamoebiasis is a medical condition caused by infection with Dientamoeba fragilis, a single-cell parasite that infects the lower gastrointestinal tract of humans.
It is frequently associated with obstetric catastrophes such as abruptio placentae and septic shock, and is three times more common in developing nations versus industrialized nations.
If the cortisol remains high, a blood test for ACTH may be done to determine if the pituitary is involved.
The spasms usually spare the facial muscles.
A diagnosis of ovarian cancer is confirmed through a biopsy of tissue, usually removed during surgery.
Anosodiaphoria is a condition in which a person who suffers disability due to brain injury seems indifferent to the existence of their handicap.
In cases of short duration there may be small blisters while in long-term cases the skin may become thickened.
Hyperbaric oxygen therapy may also help but is expensive.
Dengue is spread by several species of mosquito of the Aedes type, principally A. aegypti.
Weeks to months after allopurinol is begun, the patient develops a morbilliform eruption.
More severe and prolonged cases may require more specific pain management strategies and occasionally investigations for underlying medical diseases.
It results in an accumulation of desmosterol.
Treating breast cysts is usually not necessary unless they are painful or cause discomfort.
Diffuse esophageal spasm is a condition characterized by uncoordinated contractions of the esophagus, which may cause difficulty swallowing or regurgitation.
A stye, also known as a hordeolum, is an infection of an oil gland in the eyelid.
Diagnosis should only occur after other possible causes have been ruled out.
It typically begins with a fever and feeling generally unwell.
There are eight known types of distal muscular dystrophy.
As with common epileptic occurrences, no first aid is needed post-seizure, except in the instances where falling injuries have occurred.
The unilateral abducens nerve palsy is the most common of the isolated ocular motor nerve palsies.
It most commonly affects the thoracic and thoraco-lumbar spine, but involvement is variable and can include the entire spine.
In adulthood, thickening of the lesion or the development of small lumps may occur.
Thin basement membrane disease is, along with IgA nephropathy, the most common cause of asymptomatic hematuria.
Forcing oneself to vigorously exercise even in adverse conditions or when their health does not permit it.
Neuralgia is pain in the distribution of a nerve or nerves, as in intercostal neuralgia, trigeminal neuralgia, and glossopharyngeal neuralgia.
Unlike major depression, the disorder is caused by an outside stressor and generally resolves once the individual is able to adapt to the situation.
If exposure occurs over a brief period of time symptoms may include vomiting, abdominal pain, encephalopathy, and watery diarrhea that contains blood.
Surgery to remove the blood is useful in certain cases.
When veins become varicose, the leaflets of the valves no longer meet properly, and the valves do not work.
Impaired fasting blood sugar and impaired glucose tolerance are two forms of prediabetes that are similar in clinical definition but are physiologically distinct.
"HFE2B" is associated with hepcidin antimicrobial peptide
Cysticercosis is a tissue infection caused by the young form of the pork tapeworm.
A hemorrhagic stroke may also be associated with a severe headache.
In 2013 approximately 6.9 million people had an ischemic stroke and 3.4 million people had a hemorrhagic stroke.
It is very rarely life-threatening, but the symptoms can be debilitating if left untreated.
Treatments try to improve mental, psychiatric, and motor symptoms.
The disorder is also associated with shortness of stature and some evidence suggests that it can cause epilepsy.
There is no cure or treatment for testicular microlithiasis, however, patients may be monitored via ultrasound to make sure that other conditions do not develop.
After the formation of individual daughter cells, the DNA bridge connecting homologous chromosomes remains fixed.
Achondrogenesis, type 1B is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means two copies of the gene in each cell are altered.
Exposure to the virus in the blisters can cause chickenpox in someone who has not had it before, but will not trigger shingles.
In 2015 pulmonary sarcoidosis and interstitial lung disease affected 1.9 million people globally and they resulted in 122,000 deaths.
Individuals carrying this deficiency are relatively “normal” as in they don’t possess any major birth defects or major medical illnesses.
Malabsorption is a state arising from abnormality in absorption of food nutrients across the gastrointestinal tract.
There are four main types – papillary thyroid cancer, follicular thyroid cancer, medullary thyroid cancer, and anaplastic thyroid cancer.
Before the age of modern antibiotics it was almost universally fatal.
In the developing world onset is more common in older children and young adults, due to differences in the frequency of the underlying causes.
Septo-optic dysplasia, is a rare congenital malformation syndrome featuring underdevelopment of the optic nerve, pituitary gland dysfunction, and absence of the septum pellucidum.
However, many conditions involve both spondylopathy and spondyloarthropathy.
People over 35 are at risk for developing presbyopia and all people become affected to some degree.
Addiction and dependence are components of a substance use disorder and addiction represents the most severe form of the disorder.
The cause of the syndrome is an area of ongoing medical research.
Basal cell carcinomas may develop around the age of 35.
The term "rheumatism", however, does not designate any specific disorder, but covers at least 200 different conditions.
Atelectasis is the collapse or closure of a lung resulting in reduced or absent gas exchange.
Spread between humans typically requires close contact with an infected person.
Whereas large rhinoliths can be removed either by crushing with luc's forceps or by Moore's lateral rhinotomy approach.
Neonatal infections may be contracted by transplacental transfer in utero, in the birth canal during delivery, or by other means after birth.
In some the degree of curve is stable, while in others it increases over time.
Occlusions of airways, air sacs and blood vessels
This disorder is not in the current DSM.
This condition has no associated morbidity or mortality.
Among people with diabetes, prevention is by matching the foods eaten with the amount of exercise and the medications used.
Chromogenic pigments produced by bacteria are implicated in this condition but their exact role still requires careful microbiological elucidation.
Azacitidine is a drug used to treat CMML and is approved by the Food and Drug Administration and the European Medicines Agency.
Progressive supranuclear palsy is a degenerative disease involving the gradual deterioration and death of specific volumes of the brain.
Like many acquired language disorders, receptive aphasia can be experienced in many different ways and to many different degrees.
PNH is the only hemolytic anemia caused by an acquired intrinsic defect in the cell membrane.
Surgery is reserved for those who fail to improve following these measures.
Some people have inherited muscle conditions that increase the risk of rhabdomyolysis.
Other injuries which can result include septal defects and valvular failures.
It almost always occurs in the bones of the lower leg and involves both epithelial and osteofibrous tissue.
It affects 2 to 3% of children with neuroblastoma and has been reported to occur with celiac disease and diseases of neurologic and autonomic dysfunction.
With current treatments, survival is usually 4–5 years.
The acute form results in coughing, fever, and the release of an infectious nasal discharge, followed by septicaemia and death within days.
The vaccine may have some effect for up to seven years.
Various causes has been incriminated like hereditary, metabolic, toxic and viral agents.
In this latter sense, such an injury is known as dead leg.
Eczema is also associated with increased complications related to other vesiculating viruses such as chickenpox; this is called eczema herpeticum.
A number of ethnic groups including Asians, American Indians, Indigenous Australians, and Pacific Islanders are at higher risk.
It is an autosomal dominant condition with a mutation of the luteinizing hormone receptor.
Other symptoms may include shortness of breath, cough, fever, or weight loss depending on the underlying cause.
Atypical Meigs' syndrome, characterized by a benign pelvic mass with right-sided pleural effusion but without ascites, can also occur.
In the case of an open head injury, the skull is cracked and broken by an object that makes contact with the brain.
A few viral causes, such as HSV, have specific treatments.
Hypertension is defined as having a blood pressure greater than 140/90 mm Hg.
The diagnosis of opioid use disorder is often based on criteria by the American Psychiatric Association in the DSM-5.
Early CLL is not treated, and late CLL is treated with chemotherapy and monoclonal antibodies.
Treatment of the hypokalemia, followed by correction of the hyperthyroidism, leads to complete resolution of the attacks.
Typically, people are treated with counseling and antidepressant medication.
There is no specific treatment, except treating the underlying disorder and providing adequate pain relief.
It is the most common type of acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Polychromasia is usually a sign of bone marrow stress as well as immature red blood cells.
The American Psychiatric Association, publisher of the DSM-5, states that "gender nonconformity is not in itself a mental disorder.
It occurs most often in the 30s to 60s, although is also relatively common in children.
The paper was based on his observations of the volunteer staff at a free clinic for drug addicts.
Treatment consists of corticosteroids and antifungal medications.
EDS is due to a mutation in one of more than a dozen different genes.
AML is cured in 35–40% of people under 60 years old and 5–15% over 60 years old.
Asbestos-related diseases are disorders of the lung and pleura caused by the inhalation of asbestos fibres.
This can be by simple excision if the cancer is small, otherwise Mohs surgery is generally recommended.
External hemorrhoids often result in pain and swelling in the area of the anus.
Thus, this substitution disrupts many cellular processes.
Regional odontodysplasia or odontogenesis imperfecta is an uncommon developmental abnormality of teeth, usually localized to a certain area of the mouth.
If the symptoms are severe, injections are typically recommended initially.
As such, all preterm babies are at risk for ROP, and very low birth-weight is an additional risk factor.
The disease is a complex of features, mostly involving the skin, skeletal and cardiovascular systems, which may or may not be present in all patients.
Early in life constant supportive care is typically required.
The ostium primum atrial septal defect is a defect in the atrial septum at the level of the tricuspid and mitral valves.
There is no known cardiac or intellectual involvement.
It is named after Oystein Aagenaes, a Norwegian paediatrician.
Diagnosis can be confirmed by tissue biopsy.
A congenital disorder, also known as birth defect, is a condition existing at or before birth regardless of cause.
Occasionally, a very high body temperature or seizures may result in death.
This is the most common form of lymphangioma.
If the pneumonia is severe, the affected person is generally hospitalized.
Although both occur in vasculitis, inflammation of veins or arteries on their own are separate entities.
Ataxic cerebral palsy is known to decrease muscle tone.
Frasier syndrome is a urogenital anomaly associated with the WT1 gene.
Jaccoud arthropathy, Jaccoud deformity or Jaccoud's arthopathy is a chronic non-erosive reversible joint disorder that may occur after repeated bouts of arthritis.
The several treatment options include medication and surgery.
Histamine related angioedema can be treated with antihistamines, corticosteroids, and epinephrine.
A recent review in Nature Reviews Urology has comprehensively evaluated these topics.
The effect is consistently greater for gases with a higher lipid solubility, and there is good evidence that the two properties are mechanistically related.
Postpartum thyroiditis is believed to result from the modifications to the immune system necessary in pregnancy, and histologically is a subacute lymphocytic thyroiditis.
It is unclear if anticonvulsants used in people with viral encephalitis would prevent seizures.
A silent stroke differs from a transient ischemic attack.
In the splice-site of a 3' exon of the gene for SMARCAD1-helicase, a point mutation was detected.
This is down from an estimated 3.5 million cases in 1986.
Despite being a cause of chronic kidney failure, kidney sizes are usually normal or large.
Becker muscular dystrophy is an X-linked recessive inherited disorder characterized by slowly progressive muscle weakness of the legs and pelvis.
Risk factors include douching, new or multiple sex partners, antibiotics, and using an intrauterine device, among others.
Ischemia is generally caused by problems with blood vessels, with resultant damage to or dysfunction of tissue.
Only a minority of the strains cause illness in humans.
Because the testes are located within the scrotum, which hangs outside of the body, they do not have the protection of muscles and bones.
If present other sexually transmitted infections should be tested for.
Some types are now split into subtypes, based upon the gene responsible for the condition.
The condition was first noted by Lenz and Feldman in 1977.
Taravana is also used to describe someone who is "crazy because of the sea".
In these cases, any elevation of the pressure in the pulmonary circulatory system can cause the foramen ovale to remain open.
Chronically expanding lesions are often asymptomatic until lumen stenosis is so severe that blood supply to downstream tissue(s) is insufficient, resulting in ischemia.
Epidemic typhus generally occurs in outbreaks when poor sanitary conditions and crowding are present.
The woman will often feel a lump in one part of the breast, and the skin in that area may be red and/or warm.
Some forms of Gaucher's disease may be treated with enzyme replacement therapy.
Hydrophthalmos is a congenital form of glaucoma.
Treatment involves the elimination of the insect but is otherwise symptomatic.
He observed that the burned out worker "looks, acts, and seems depressed".
Suicidal ideation, also known as suicidal thoughts, is thinking about or an unusual preoccupation with suicide.
The cranial nerves and cranial nerve nuclei are also located in the brainstem making them susceptible to damage from a brainstem lesion.
A significant fraction of people presenting with this condition have an underlying hypercoagulable state.
While about 40% to 70% of urinary incontinence is due to overactive bladder, it is not life-threatening.
When found within the skin, mucinous carcinoma is commonly a round, elevated, reddish, and sometimes ulcerated mass, usually located on the head and neck.
Unlike ductal carcinoma in situ, LCIS is not associated with calcification, and is typically an incidental finding in a biopsy performed for another reason.
Smoking increases the risk of both acute and chronic pancreatitis.
The progression from MGUS to multiple myeloma usually involves several steps.
Erythema multiforme is generally considered a separate condition.
Washing the clothing of someone who worked with asbestos also increases the risk.
Anal cancer is typically an anal squamous cell carcinoma that arises near the squamocolumnar junction, often linked to human papillomavirus infection.
The type of antivenom needed depends on the type of snake involved.
Also known as vitamin B9, folate is involved in adenosine, guanine, and thymidine synthesis.
Until June 2007, plague was one of the three epidemic diseases specifically reportable to the World Health Organization.
Other associated symptoms include irritation, redness, discharge, and easily fatigued eyes.
The condition usually occurs in those in their 40s and 50s with women being affected more often than men.
PLMD should not be confused with restless legs syndrome.
Secondary lactose intolerance is due to injury to the small intestine such as from infection, celiac disease, inflammatory bowel disease, or other diseases.
PDA is common in newborns with persistent respiratory problems such as hypoxia, and has a high occurrence in premature newborns.
Pain management and medications to improve digestion are sometimes needed.
Although cutaneous JXG usually disappear spontaneously, ocular lesions rarely improve spontaneously and require treatment.
Lifetime rates are higher in the developed world compared to the developing world.
The signs and symptoms of spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia congenita are similar to, but milder than, the related skeletal disorders achondrogenesis type 2 and hypochondrogenesis.
Damage to the lungs and kidneys can be fatal.
This shortage of erythrocytes results in hemolytic anemia.
Disorder refers to significant learning problems in an academic area.
Nephrosis is any of various forms of kidney disease.
This fluid holds the two membranes together by surface tension, as much as a drop of water between two sheets of glass prevents them from separating.
There is growing evidence for the effectiveness of NMDA antagonists for benzodiazepine resistant catatonia.
However, this can likely be explained by a common ancestor, as these patients' families can be traced to a single town in Eastern Turkey.
Hypernatremia due to diabetes insipidus as a result of a brain disorder, may be treated with the medication desmopressin.
One interpretation is that neurotransmitters in the brain are out of balance, and this results in feelings of worthlessness and despair.
Hypermetria and hypometria refer, respectively, to overshooting and undershooting the intended position.
At 28 weeks, more than 90% of babies can survive outside of the uterus if provided with high-quality medical care.
The disease is congenital, which means it is apparent at birth.
In reality, they have about the same oxygenation in the arterial blood and too little carbon dioxide in their blood and other tissues.
Later dementia, involuntary movements, blindness, weakness, and coma occur.
About 1% of cervical polyps will show neoplastic change which may lead to cancer.
The result is edema, pain and a white appearance of the leg.
Based on clinical symptoms, viral meningitis cannot be reliably differentiated from bacterial meningitis, although viral meningitis typically follows a more benign clinical course.
The name derives from the Dutch city Nijmegen where the condition was first described.
Washing the wound with soap and water and holding the limb still is recommended.
In addition to the ASD, acquired MS can be present either from an episode of rheumatic fever or the child being born with the disorder.
Blood tests, electrocardiography, and chest radiography may be useful to determine the underlying cause.
Lucey–Driscoll syndrome is an autosomal recessive metabolic disorder affecting enzymes involved in bilirubin metabolism.
Diverticula are seldom larger than 1.5 cm, and are less frequent than the similar Zenker's diverticula.
It is a disorder in personal autonomy that is influenced by individual psychological traits and can be helped through the intervention of other people.
It should not be confused with taurodontism, fusion or the jaws being relatively small, giving the appearance of macrodontia.
Hemosiderin deposition in the brain is seen after bleeds from any source, including chronic subdural hemorrhage, cerebral arteriovenous malformations, cavernous hemangiomata.
False pregnancy in humans is less common, and may sometimes be purely psychological.
Paracetamol poisoning was first described in the 1960s.
An intestinal parasite can damage or sicken its host via an infection which is called helminthiasis in the case of helminths.
The most common symptoms are diarrhea, fever, abdominal cramps, and vomiting.
Medications such as beta blockers may control the symptoms, and anti-thyroid medications such as methimazole may temporarily help people while other treatments are having effect.
Angiomyxoma is a myxoid tumor involving the blood vessels.
Its effects are similar to that of Hoyeraal-Hreidarsson syndrome.
Immunosuppressive or immunomodulatory treatments are often ineffective.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, sometimes known as Lou Gehrig's disease, a progressive, incurable, usually fatal disease of motor neurons.
The deafness is due to malformation of the cochlea structure within the inner ear.
These physicians include vascular surgeons, phlebologists or interventional radiologists.
The two main types are small-cell lung carcinoma and non-small-cell lung carcinoma.
This is an autosomal recessive variant of ectodermal dysplasia.
The rate of autism among adults aged 18 years and over in the United Kingdom is 1.1%.
Norman–Roberts syndrome is one of two known disorders caused by a disruption of the reelin-signaling pathway.
The average life expectancy is between 42 and 50 years in the developed world.
Touraine, Solente and Golé described PDP as the primary form of bone disease hypertrophic osteoarthropathy in 1935 and distinguished its three known forms.
Transmission may occur due to eating improperly prepared foods, drinking contaminated water, or through close contact with an individual who is infected.
Oral and genital herpes is usually diagnosed based on the presenting symptoms.
Mother-to-child transmission during pregnancy can cause microcephaly and other brain malformations in some babies.
In 2015 there were 3.1 million with active disease which resulted in 59,800 deaths.
Common forms of ulcers recognized in medicine include:
Cephalic means "head" or "head end of the body."
Approximately 500 cases are diagnosed in the U.S. annually.
It is possible for ulcers to form on the area of the tori due to repeated trauma.
Blunt trauma, blunt injury, non-penetrating trauma or blunt force trauma refers to physical trauma to a body part, either by impact, injury or physical attack.
Unlike most strains of influenza, H1N1 does not disproportionately infect adults older than 60 years; this was an unusual and characteristic feature of the H1N1 pandemic.
It is considered a form of Extranodal NK-T-cell lymphoma.
The testicle or testis is the male gonad in animals.
The stings of most of these species can be quite painful, and are therefore keenly avoided by many people.
The disease disappeared for some time but has re-emerged in mid 2015.
They can appear anytime within a few hours of injury to 2–3 weeks later.
Such deformities can include hammer toe, club foot, flat feet, pes cavus, etc.
Treatments for nutritional anemia includes replacement therapy is used to elevate the low levels of nutrients.
Descriptions of the disease date as far back as the Old Testament.
Males and females are affected with equal frequency.
Some cases are strongly associated with certain infections during pregnancy including rubella and use of alcohol or cocaine.
HPIVs remain the second main cause of hospitalisation in children under 5 years of age suffering from a respiratory illness.
The term dates back to at least 1975.
Erythema ab igne is a skin condition caused by long-term exposure to heat.
Idiopathic sclerosing mesenteritis or mesenteric panniculitus is a rare disease of the small intestine, characterized by chronic inflammation and eventual fibrosis of the mesentery.
Hypernatremia is associated with an increased risk of death but it is unclear if it is the cause.
It occurs at a rate of approximately one per 25,000 live births.
Rates are higher among men than women of a given age.
Keratomalacia is an eye disorder that results from vitamin A deficiency.
This may be associated with particular regions or functions of the brain, often in a social context.
Specific symptoms can include double vision, blindness in one eye, muscle weakness, trouble with sensation, or trouble with coordination.
The term 'idiopathic' is used because the cause of pulmonary fibrosis is still unknown.
Glycine is used by the central nervous system as an inhibitory neurotransmitter.
“A childbirth injury that has been largely neglected, despite the devastating impact it has on the lives of affected girls and women.
In this group are: pleomorphic carcinoma, carcinoma with osteoclast-like stromal giant cells, carcinoma with choriocarcinomatous features, and carcinoma with melanotic features.
Serotype O157:H7 may trigger an infectious dose with 100 bacterial cells or fewer; other strain such as 104:H4 has also caused an outbreak in Germany 2011.
Common clinical manifestations of enterocolitis are frequent diarrheal defecations, with or without nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, fever, chills, alteration of general condition.
Diagnosis is typically by looking for antibodies against the bacterium or finding its DNA in the blood.
The brain contains pockets or spaces called ventricles with a spongy layer of cells and blood vessels called the choroid plexus.
Everyone who lives with or takes care of an infected person should be treated at the same time.
It results from a failure of normal vascular supply from the lower aorta in utero.
Depending on the risk of stroke either aspirin or anti-clotting medications such as warfarin or a novel oral anticoagulant may be recommended.
It concerns alveolar epithelium, pulmonary capillary endothelium, basement membrane, perivascular and perilymphatic tissues.
In the Swansea area the uptake fell to 67.5%.
Acneiform eruptions are a group of dermatoses including acne vulgaris, rosacea, folliculitis, and perioral dermatitis.
The condition has been known since ancient times and Hippocrates used bandaging to treat it.
While not much is known about this disorder, it has been characterized to be similar to Parsonage-Turner syndrome in prognosis.
Congenital cataracts may be unilateral or bilateral.
Dental fluorosis is an extremely common disorder, characterized by hypomineralization of tooth enamel caused by ingestion of excessive fluoride during enamel formation.
Sometimes, the symptoms of paraneoplastic syndromes show before the diagnosis of a malignancy, which has been hypothesized to relate to the disease pathogenesis.
Acute megakaryoblastic leukemia is a form of leukemia where a majority of the blasts are megakaryoblastic.
Women are more commonly affected than men.
The mutated pyrin protein is thought to cause inappropriate activation of the inflammasome, leading to release of the pro-inflammatory cytokine IL-1β.
MCV-uninfected tumors, which account for approximately 20% of Merkel-cell carcinomas, appear to have a separate and as-yet unknown cause.
There is often accompanying eye watering, nasal congestion, or swelling around the eye, on the affected side.
Astereognosis refers specifically to those who lack tactile recognition in both hands.
Treatment of other Entamoeba infections apart from E. histolytica is not needed.
Osteolysis is an active resorption of bone matrix by osteoclasts and can be interpreted as the reverse of ossification.
In general, foods and drinks with a pH below 5.0–5.7 have been known to trigger dental erosion effects.
In approximately 51–70% of people with this disease, serum IgG4 concentrations are elevated during an acute phase.
The concept is not currently supported by the mental health profession.
It is named for M. Camurati and G. Engelmann.
This is now known not to be the case, as most sufferers have not had recent surgery.
Lymphogranuloma venereum is a sexually transmitted disease caused by the invasive serovars L1, L2, L2a or L3 of Chlamydia trachomatis.
Up to 50% of Chance fractures have associated intraabdominal injuries.
Traveler's diarrhea is a stomach and intestinal infection.
There is a lower prevalence reported in African Americans and Hispanics compared to Caucasians.
Treatment is easier when the disease is detected early and before neurological symptoms occur.
In those with very high blood calcium levels treatment may include large amounts of intravenous normal saline.
Other conditions with similar symptoms include inflammation of the pancreas, gallbladder problems, and peptic ulcer disease.
Treatment of the primary cause, if known, is essential.
It can cause Vascular occlusion of the arteries and ischemia.
In addition to these depersonalization-derealization disorder symptoms, the inner turmoil created by the disorder can result in depression, self-harm, low self-esteem, panic attacks, phobias, etc.
Superior canal dehiscence syndrome is a rare medical condition of the inner ear, leading to hearing and balance symptoms in those affected.
A form where only a percentage of the body cells contain XXX can also occur.
Of children with testicular pain of rapid onset, testicular torsion is the cause of about 10% of cases.
Although sleepwalking cases generally consist of simple, repeated behaviours, there are occasionally reports of people performing complex behaviours while asleep, although their legitimacy is often disputed.
Sneddon's syndrome, also known as Ehrmann-Sneddon syndrome, is also a different syndrome.
In newborns, jaundice is detected by blanching the skin with pressure applied by a finger so that it reveals underlying skin and subcutaneous tissue.
Typically, blood tests show a raised T3 and T4, low TSH, increased radioiodine uptake in all areas of the thyroid, and TSI antibodies.
Currently at least two different causes are proposed based on the presence of autoantibodies against AQP4.
These disorders can be characterized in several different ways:
EEC is characterized by the triad of ectrodactyly, ectodermal dysplasia, and facial clefts.
95% of GISTs stain positively for KIT.
In some areas special control programs are in place or have been planned.
Typically blood tests show a low thyroid stimulating hormone and raised T3 or T4.
When medication does not work to control the seizures, surgery may be needed.
Pneumatosis intestinalis is pneumatosis of an intestine, that is, gas cysts in the bowel wall.
Among those who survive targeted temperature management may improve outcomes.
Acute limb ischaemia occurs when there is a sudden lack of blood flow to a limb.
Intubation may be required to help maintain the person's airway.
This tumor syndrome affects mainly tubular bones, though it can also involve the vertebrae, small joints, and flat bones.
There is no tear in the soft tissue.
Stillbirth is typically defined as fetal death at or after 20 to 28 weeks of pregnancy.
Failure to recognise septal hematomas, or treat in a timely fashion, can cause a saddle nose deformity.
Exostoses can cause chronic pain ranging from mild to debilitatingly severe, depending on the shape, size, and location of the lesion.
A cleft lip or palate can be successfully treated with surgery.
The cause is usually herpes simplex virus type 1 and occasionally herpes simplex virus type 2.
Muckle–Wells syndrome, also known as urticaria-deafness-amyloidosis syndrome, is a rare autosomal dominant disease which causes sensorineural deafness and recurrent hives, and can lead to amyloidosis.
The most common cause is poor contraction of the uterus following childbirth.
Prolonged ILD may result in pulmonary fibrosis, but this is not always the case.
In some older people, the size of the tori may decrease due to bone resorption.
Fucosidosis is a rare lysosomal storage disorder in which the FUCA1 gene experiences mutations that severely reduce or stop the activity of the alpha-L-fucosidase enzyme.
The severity varies significantly from individual to individual.
The exact cause of PACs is unclear; while several predisposing conditions exist, PACs commonly occur in healthy young and elderly people.
The result of breathing increased partial pressures of oxygen is hyperoxia, an excess of oxygen in body tissues.
Long-term complications include heart disease, stroke, kidney failure, foot ulcers and damage to the eyes.
Episodes of swelling last several days or longer, can occur with regular or semi-regular frequency, typically one or two episodes per month.
Occasionally medical imaging is used to confirm the diagnosis or rule out other possible causes.
Some tumors grow gradually, requiring only monitoring and possibly needing no further intervention.
Haverhill Fever is a form of "rat-bite fever" caused by the bacterium Streptobacillus moniliformis, an organism common in rats and mice.
If this process is impaired, as in lagophthalmos, the eye can suffer abrasions and infections.
Between periods of effusion, knee swelling reduces dramatically providing largely symptomless intervals.
The lysosomes normally transport material through and out of the cell.
Bleeding may be vaginal and external, or, less commonly but more dangerously, internal, into the abdominal cavity.
If the diagnosis is not clinically evident, transillumination will show a non-translucent fluid inside the scrotum.
Many questions and controversies remain about aspects of the disorder.
In children under one year of age much of the body may be affected.
The occurrence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is a significant cause of sudden cardiac death in any age group and a cause of disabling cardiac symptoms.
It is usually thought to be best treated with an anti-inflammatory and a moderate to severe pain medication as needed.
Healing can be aided by the use of oral and topical antivirals.
Type III tyrosinemia is very rare; only a few cases have been reported.
An SCI may still cause long lasting neurological dysfunction affecting such areas as mood, personality and cognition.
It usually begins in adulthood and women are more commonly affected than men.
A CT scan is typically the preferred method of diagnosis; however, free air from a perforation can often be seen on plain X-ray.
It is typically due to either Staphylococcus aureus or Streptococcus pyogenes.
In addition, anemic patients may experience difficulties with memory and concentration, fatigue, lightheadedness, sensitivity to temperature, low energy levels, shortness of breath, and pale skin.
This enzyme breaks down Malonyl-CoA into Acetyl-CoA and carbon dioxide.
Superior oblique myokymia is a neurological disorder affecting vision and was named by Hoyt and Keane in 1970.
Counseling, supported employment, and community support services may also be useful.
These may originate from, for example, a sufficiently large BLEVE, a thermobaric weapon explosion or a nuclear blast of sufficient magnitude.
This is often erroneously described as an enlargement of the metatarsal bone or tissue around the metatarsophalangeal joint.
Omphalocele can be either minor, with only some of the organs exposed, or severe, with most, if not all of the abdominal organs being exposed.
Imino acids typically contain an imine functional group, instead of the amino group found in amino acids.
Diabetic neuropathies are nerve damaging disorders associated with diabetes mellitus.
The person must be homozygous for the trait, as being heterozygous would just make the person a carrier of that mutated gene.
Based upon location, a chondroma can be described as an enchondroma or ecchondroma.
For instance, West Nile virus, mumps, measles, herpes simplex types I and II, varicella, and lymphocytic choriomeningitis virus.
Being color blind may make people ineligible for certain jobs in certain countries.
Factor VIII medication may be used to treat and prevent bleeding in people with haemophilia A.
Lithium has been reported to have limited effects in case reports, decreasing the length of episodes and duration between them in some patients.
Hemopericardium refers to blood in the pericardial sac of the heart.
These tagged cells are then recognised by natural killer cells and macrophages to the effector cell surface receptor, CD16), which in turn kill these tagged cells.
In their article the women contributed to the symptoms of the disease through their discovery of calcifications in the brain.
Hypogammaglobulinemia is a type of primary immunodeficiency disease in which not enough gamma globulins exist in the blood.
Nonthrombocytopenic purpura is a type of purpura not associated with thrombocytopenia.
Mitral stenosis is a valvular heart disease characterized by the narrowing of the orifice of the mitral valve of the heart.
It is a symptom of several eye diseases.
However, there are several competing hypotheses as to various causes.
Plasma cell leukemia is one of the most aggressive forms of plasma cell dyscrasias and constitutes 2% to 4% of all cases of plasma cell malignancies.
Most common forms are asymptomatic, some rarer forms result in a loss of vision in the corresponding visual field.
It has an incidence of approximately 1/900.
The combined incidence of the leukodystrophies is estimated at 1:7,600.
As of 2009 about 200,000 people are affected per year in the United States.
With appropriate treatment the risk of death is less than one percent.
It is thus a metabolic diathesis or syndrome, and it usually involves no symptoms and only high blood sugar as the sole sign.
There is considerable debate on whether or not certain breeds of dogs are inherently more prone to commit attacks causing serious injury.
As of 2014, upper respiratory infections caused about 3,000 deaths down from 4,000 in 1990.
Common signs and symptoms include fever, increased heart rate, increased breathing rate, and confusion.
Herpes zoster ophthalmicus is transmitted via direct contact or droplets.
It is sometimes referred to as buphthalmia.
The typical age of diagnosis is 63.
Miliary tuberculosis is present in about 2% of all reported cases of tuberculosis and accounts for up to 20% of all extra-pulmonary tuberculosis cases.
There is no cure for ankylosing spondylitis.
In general, binucleation has negative effects on cell viability and subsequent mitosis.
A clot, or a piece of the clot, that breaks free and begins to travel around the body is known as an embolus.
Those who have experienced sexual abuse are also more likely to develop eating disorders.
Different people are affected to varying degrees.
Penile agenesis is a birth defect in humans, occurring about once in 5–6 million male births, in which a male child is born without a penis.
A hospital-acquired infection, also known as a nosocomial infection, is an infection that is acquired in a hospital or other health care facility.
Females with one affected X chromosome and one normal X chromosome tend to have milder symptoms.
Some more information about Chorea-acanthocytosis is that it is a very complex autosomal recessive adult-onset neurodegenerative disorder.
Low volume hyponatremia can occur from diarrhea, vomiting, diuretics, and sweating.
Surgery to place microelectrodes for deep brain stimulation has been used to reduce motor symptoms in severe cases where drugs are ineffective.
The P waves with a regular P-to-P interval represent the first rhythm.
It begins before the child is born.
Hemosiderin may deposit in diseases associated with iron overload.
About 14,000 people who had consumed the contaminated rice oil were affected in Japan.
Atropine may be used if the heart rate is slow while magnesium sulfate may be used in those with premature ventricular contractions.
Fewer than 5% of infants with excess crying have an underlying organic disease.
These dilated blood vessels can develop anywhere on the body but are commonly seen on the face around the nose, cheeks, and chin.
It accounts for approximately 9% of traumatic SCIs.
Alternative terms sometimes used include physical assault or physical violence, and may also include sexual abuse.
It is most common in Scandinavians but occurs in all parts of the world.
It may lead to hemolytic anaemia as well as myopathy associated with exercise intolerance and rhabdomyolysis in some cases.
It is highly advised for those who suffer from frostbite to seek medical attention.
Sensory and motor nerve pathways may be affected by interruption or compression of nerves.
Years after recovery post-polio syndrome may occur, with a slow development of muscle weakness similar to that which the person had during the initial infection.
Chronic illness, malnutrition, and anemia are further examples of secondary effects.
It is usually a surgical complication seen after extensive pelvic surgery and is most commonly found in the retroperitoneal space.
Excision of a completely ankylosed shoulder or elbow may restore free mobility and usefulness to the limb.
The cause of hyponatremia is typically classified by a person's fluid status into low volume, normal volume, and high volume.
They are usually small and localized, but can, in very rare cases be much larger.
Separating people by placing them in leper colonies still occurs in places such as India, China, and Africa.
However, this terminology is still encountered in medicine.
Encephalitis with meningitis is known as meningoencephalitis.
There are a number of symptoms that are characteristic of lower respiratory tract infections.
People with coloboma may have no vision problems or may be blind, depending on severity.
Ischemic optic neuropathy is the loss of structure and function of a portion of the optic nerve due to obstruction of blood flow to the nerve.
If treatment is used the combination of doxylamine and pyridoxine is recommended initially.
Versions of FLCN have been found in other animals, including fruit flies, German shepherds, rats, and mice.
Cowpox is more commonly found in animals other than bovines, such as rodents.
In a systematic review of exercise therapy, no evidence of serious adverse effects was found; however data was insufficient to form a conclusion.
The lesions from a yeast infection can typically be rubbed off while those of leukoplakia cannot.
Unlike some other forms of myotonia, potassium-aggravated myotonia is not associated with episodes of muscle weakness.
A grease gun injury or injection injury is an injury caused by high-pressure injection of oil, grease, solvents, water, or even air, into the body.
These patients may also demonstrate signs and symptoms of septic shock, such as tachycardia, hypotension, and anuria.
Ranulas present as a swelling of connective tissue consisting of collected mucin from a ruptured salivary gland caused by local trauma.
Results show that hoarders were significantly less likely to see a problem in a hoarding situation than a friend or a relative might.
The clinical presentation ranges from a mild and uncomplicated diarrhea to a hemorrhagic colitis with severe abdominal pain.
Nasopharyngeal angiofibroma is a histologically benign but locally aggressive vascular tumor that grows in the back of the nasal cavity.
The nipples on an engorged breast are flat.
The degree of disability varies but is typically lifelong.
Since it was first described in 1965 by English physician Victor Dubowitz, over 140 cases have been reported worldwide.
Salpingitis isthmica nodosa, also known as diverticulosis of the Fallopian tube, is nodular thickening of the narrow part of the uterine tube, due to inflammation.
Hyperthyroxinemia or hyperthyroxinaemia is a thyroid disease where the serum levels of thyroxine are higher than expected.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs such as ibuprofen may help with pain.
In those with the disease, antibiotics are useful if started within three weeks of the initial symptoms, but otherwise have little effect in most people.
Diagnosis is often based on skin examination and confirmed by tissue biopsy.
If a person develops a second infection later in life, symptoms may begin within a day.
Clinically the tooth sounds solid when percussed compared to the dull, cushioned sound from normal teeth.
It has been estimated that one third of the world population have recurrent infection.
Accelerated phase chronic myelogenous leukemia is a phase of chronic myelogenous leukemia in which the disease is progressing.
This uncontrolled proliferation by mitosis produces a primary heterogeneic tumour.
There are four main types of arrhythmia: extra beats, supraventricular tachycardias, ventricular arrhythmias, and bradyarrhythmias.
This is in contrast to the slightly "anteverted" uterus that most women have, which is tipped forward toward the bladder, with the anterior end slightly concave.
For example, some forms of chronic drug or alcohol dependence can cause organic brain syndrome due to their long-lasting or permanent toxic effects on brain function.
A small stone may pass without causing symptoms.
It occurs more often in the winter.
Spinal stenosis is an abnormal narrowing of the spinal canal that may occur in any of the regions of the spine.
CMTC is also used synonymously with congenital generalized phlebectasia, nevus vascularis reticularis, congenital phlebectasia, livedo telangiectatica, congenital livedo reticularis and Van Lohuizen syndrome.
This word particularly describes a flattening which is to one side at the back of the head and there is often some facial asymmetry.
The alveolar type often needs surgery followed by medications.
Women may have burning with urination, vaginal discharge, vaginal bleeding between periods, or pelvic pain.
It is also known as "DiSaia syndrome".
Chloracne is particularly linked to toxic exposure to dioxins—so much so that it is considered a clinical sign of dioxin exposure.
This mixture is constantly produced by the cells of the vagina and cervix and it exits the body through the vaginal opening.
There is some discussion as to whether achromats can see color or not.
Inflammation of related organs of the gastrointestinal system are:
It is much harder for behavioral therapy to successfully treat compulsive hoarders with poor insight about their disorder.
There are two types of Bartter syndrome: neonatal and classic.
As they progress, lesions develop a sharp border and become petechial, then hard and purpuric.
Most recent publications suggest that the incidence of acoustic neuromas is rising because of advances in MRI scanning.
These diseases are characterized by itchiness, red skin, and a rash.
MPNST with rhabdomyoblastomatous component are called malignant triton tumors.
Additionally, stress may be placed on unusual syllables.
The underlying mechanism involves the rubbing together of the pleurae instead of smooth gliding.
Niemann–Pick disease is a group of inherited, severe metabolic disorders in which sphingomyelin accumulates in lysosomes in cells.
In 1993, a genetic polymorphism within lipomas was localized to chromosome 12q15, where the HMGIC gene encodes the high-mobility-group protein isoform I-C.
Symptoms may include fever, night sweats, and weight loss.
People with photodermatoses may develop skin rashes following exposure to the sun.
In children the risk of death is about 6%; however, if they are intubated early is less than 1%.
A commonly cited triad for the diagnosis is amenorrhea, hypergonadotropism, and hypoestrogenism.
Allergies occur when immunoglobulin E, part of the body's immune system, binds to food molecules.
In Australia, about 1.9 million people are affected, and in the United States, 30 to 52.5 million people are affected.
Some non-invasive electrical stimulation methods appear effective while they are in use.
HAIR-AN Syndrome is a rare disease which is a subset of poly-cystic ovary syndrome [PCOS].
Clear treatment options have yet to be established.
Aspermia can be caused by androgen deficiency.
Additionally, it is the single leading cause of disability worldwide.
Gastroenteritis can be due to infections by viruses, bacteria, parasites, and fungus.
Combination HRT is often recommended as it decreases the amount of endometrial hyperplasia and cancer associated with unopposed estrogen therapy.
This condition is very rare, with an estimated incidence rate of 1 in 25,000, and affects males up to 30 times more frequently than females.
The disc is more susceptible to infection, from tuberculosis and Salmonella discitis.
Panner disease is an osteochondrosis of the capitellum of the elbow.
Adenocarcinoma is the malignant counterpart to adenoma, which is the benign form of such tumors.
When an extra root is found on any of these teeth, the root is described as a supernumerary root.
Patients with the illness operate in much the same way as patients with mild bronchiectasis.
It occurs primarily in the late winter and early spring, most common in Europe, and affecting girls more often than boys.
Babies of mothers with myasthenia may have symptoms during their first few months of life, known as neonatal myasthenia.
If one identical twin is affected, there is an 85% chance the other also has the condition.
Hexavalent chromium is also one of the substances whose use is restricted by the European Restriction of Hazardous Substances Directive.
It is thought to arise from an outgrowth of immature cartilage cells from secondary ossification centers, originating from the epiphyseal plate or some remnant of it.
Risk factors include walking barefoot in warm climates where sanitation is poor.
The preferred antibiotic for most cases is benzathine penicillin G injected into a muscle.
Verrucous carcinoma may occur in various head and neck locations, as well as in the genitalia.
The cerebellum is the most common location for primary intracerebral MRT.
Symptoms may include abdominal pain, diarrhoea, or bloody diarrhea.
Lecithin cholesterol acyltransferase deficiency is a disorder of lipoprotein metabolism.
Often patients may express allochiria in their drawing while copying an image.
Groin hernias occur more often on the right than left side.
Treatment when levels are very high include calcium chloride, intravenous normal saline with furosemide, and hemodialysis.
In the United States there are about 2 million women affected.
Asphyxia causes generalized hypoxia, which affects primarily the tissues and organs.
In developed countries, around 2% of adults have heart failure and in those over the age of 65, this increases to 6–10%.
It was described by James L. Ackerman, A. Leon Ackerman, and A. Bernard Ackerman 
These causes range from severe bleeding to obstructed labour, all of which have highly effective interventions.
XMEN disease is a rare genetic disorder of the immune system that illustrates the role of Mg2+ in cell signaling.
Human CMV is the most studied of all cytomegaloviruses.
Plantar fasciitis is a disorder that results in pain in the heel and bottom of the foot.
A red enlarged nose may occur in severe disease, a condition known as rhinophyma.
In adulthood, about 20% in the United States do paid work in some capacity with many requiring a sheltered work environment.
Nosocomial infections can cause severe pneumonia and infections of the urinary tract, bloodstream and other parts of the body.
As indicated by the name, MIDD is characterized by diabetes and sensorineural hearing loss.
This protein is found in nerve cells, where it plays a role in the development and function of the nervous system.
It is usually unremitting, but rare cases of remission have been documented.
Amenorrhoea is a symptom with many potential causes.
Screening of infants at birth takes place in some areas of the world.
Medications, such as antidepressants or beta blockers, may improve symptoms.
The intracellular components of the RBCs are released into the circulating blood and into tissues, leading to some of the characteristic symptoms of this condition.
Elastin has the capability of stretching and returning to its original length—like a spring or rubber band.
Acute pancreatitis occurs in about 30 per 100,000 people a year.
Cyclosporiasis is a disease caused by infection with Cyclospora cayetanensis, a pathogenic protozoan transmitted by feces or feces-contaminated food and water.
Cryptococcosis is believed to be acquired by inhalation of the infectious propagule from the environment.
Lassa fever, also known as Lassa hemorrhagic fever, is a type of viral hemorrhagic fever caused by the Lassa virus.
Considerable thickening of the cementum can often be observed.
Cholecystitis is suspected based on symptoms and laboratory testing.
B. pseudomallei was previously classed as part of the Pseudomonas genus; until 1992, it was known as Pseudomonas pseudomallei.
X-rays are not typically needed unless complications are suspected.
Shin splints are usually caused by repeated trauma to the connective muscle tissue surrounding the tibia.
The vast majority of cases occur in the lower lumbar vertebrae, but spondylolysis may also occur in the cervical vertebrae.
More recent studies of NAIT seem to indicate that it occurs in around 1/600 live births in the Caucasian population.
In this context papilla refers to the projection created by the tumor, not a tumor on an already existing papilla.
A hemothorax, pneumothorax or both can occur if the chest wall is punctured.
Some cancer cells also have abnormal numbers of chromosomes.
Poliosis occurs in several genetic syndromes such as piebaldism, Waardenburg syndrome, neurofibromatosis type I, and tuberous sclerosis.
A vitamin deficiency can cause a disease or syndrome known as an avitaminosis or hypovitaminosis.
They can grow in all organs, arising from mesenchyme tissue.
A small amount of evidence supports not packing the cavity that remains with gauze after drainage.
Today only 30-40 persons in Sweden have this disease.
The rate of reporting, prosecuting and convicting for rape varies between jurisdictions.
It is characterized by a long and indolent clinical course and the possibility of local recurrence or distant metastases in a subset of patients.
People suffering from Aneroxia Nervosa have a low self-image and consider themselves overweight.
Diagnosis is by finding the parasite in the vaginal fluid using a microscope, culturing the vagina or urine, or testing for the parasite's DNA.
Women may have more hair and irregular menstruation.
The disease is inherited in an autosomal dominant manner.
The term acne cosmetica refers to acne caused by or aggravated by cosmetics.
Diagnosis is based on the chest pain, a pericardial rub, specific electrocardiogram changes, and fluid around the heart.
It may be confused with tuberculoid leprosy, with which it has clinical similarities.
It has been diagnosed throughout the Americas.
As a result, upper gastrointestinal bleeding is considered a medical emergency and typically requires hospital care for urgent diagnosis and treatment.
The term derives from the Latin angere and pectus, and can therefore be translated as "a strangling feeling in the chest".
Many pets that develop them have allergies; they are particularly common in pets with flea allergies.
Some cancers, such as ductal carcinoma in situ, develop from pre-invasive lesions.
Examination and treatments requiring access to the oral cavity can be limited, or in some cases impossible, due to the nature of the condition itself.
The other forms of ALD vary in terms of onset and clinical severity, ranging from adrenal insufficiency to progressive paraparesis in early adulthood.
Hexokinase deficiency is an anemia-causing condition associated with inadequate hexokinase.
The disease affects 2–4% of the population.
Whereas a bruise typically appears black or blue underneath the skin, a subconjunctival hemorrhage initially appears bright-red underneath the transparent conjunctiva.
An investigation into hexavalent chromium release into drinking water was the basis of the true story of Erin Brockovich, dramatised as Erin Brockovich.
Tourette syndrome is an inherited neurological disorder with onset in childhood, characterized by the presence of multiple physical tics and at least one vocal tic.
Hookworm infection is a soil-transmitted helminthiasis and classified as a neglected tropical disease.
The virus has five different types; infection with one type usually gives lifelong immunity to that type, but only short-term immunity to the others.
There are two types of herpes simplex virus, type 1 and type 2.
Obesity increases the likelihood of various diseases and conditions, particularly cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes, obstructive sleep apnea, certain types of cancer, osteoarthritis and depression.
In those who have symptoms, without repair, the chance of death at five years is about 50% and at 10 years is about 90%.
These can be ruled out by a simple biopsy of affected cells.
When retinoblastoma patients present with pineoblastoma this is characterized as "trilateral retinoblastoma".
Zollinger–Ellison syndrome is a disease in which tumors cause the stomach to produce too much acid, resulting in peptic ulcers.
It occurs in males twice as frequently as in females.
Complications may include seizures and extensive muscle breakdown.
A deficiency of cobalt, which is very rare, is also potentially lethal, leading to pernicious anemia.
Diagnosis is via finding the parasite in a blood smear or in the fluid of a lymph node.
Possible signs and symptoms include a lump, abnormal bleeding, prolonged cough, unexplained weight loss and a change in bowel movements.
Excessive absorption of zinc can suppress copper and iron absorption.
The muscle damage is most often the result of a crush injury, strenuous exercise, medications, or drug abuse.
Secondary antiphospholipid syndrome occurs with other autoimmune diseases, such as systemic lupus erythematosus.
Neuropathy may cause painful cramps, fasciculations, muscle loss, bone degeneration, and changes in the skin, hair, and nails.
Adenomas which exceed 10 millimetres in size are defined as macroadenomas, with those smaller than 10 mm referred to as microadenomas.
Glanders is endemic in Africa, Asia, the Middle East, and Central and South America.
Hyperthecosis is hyperplasia of the theca interna of the ovary.
Interventions may include parent-child interaction therapy, efforts to modify child behavior, and possibly medications.
Associated conditions include hypoplasia of nasal bridge, laryngomalacia, pectus carinatum, congenital heart defects, ventriculomegaly, agenesis of the corpus callosum, stippled epiphyses, telebrachydactyly, and growth retardation.
Otitis externa, external otitis, or "swimmer's ear" involves the outer ear and ear canal.
Dubin–Johnson syndrome is a rare, autosomal recessive, benign disorder that causes an isolated increase of conjugated bilirubin in the serum.
The hypomanic episodes associated with bipolar II disorder must last for at least four days.
Fluid accumulation in the joint can be extensive causing discomfort and impairing movement, although affected joints are not usually very painful.
Survival after more than six hours of CPR has been described.
When the inferior limbs are affected, the redness of the skin runs over the great saphenous vein location and confusion can be made with a thrombophlebitis.
Symptoms of GSD-III are caused by a deficiency of the enzyme amylo-1,6 glucosidase, or debrancher enzyme.
Additionally, unlike the other condition the arises out of a mutation of the ALAS2 gene, there is no anemia.
Both medications are considered safe but have been associated with side effects such as bone marrow suppression.
Megaloblastic anemia is an anemia that results from inhibition of DNA synthesis during red blood cell production.
CIA is induced in mice by injecting them with an emulsion of complete Freund's adjuvant and type II collagen.
There are nine types of AD listed in the DSM-III-R.
Strangulation can happen in all hernias, but is more common in femoral and inguinal hernias due to their narrow "necks".
The term anopsia comes from the Ancient Greek ἀν-, "un-" and ὄψις "sight".
Hypogonadism means diminished functional activity of the gonads—the testes in males or the ovaries in females—that may result in diminished sex hormone biosynthesis.
A procedure called a third ventriculostomy may be an option in a few people.
The most common type is nonmelanoma skin cancer, which occurs in at least 2-3 million people per year.
Nonetheless, the vast majority of cases are limited to the skin.
Anterior ischemic optic neuropathy is distinguished from PION by the fact that AION occurs spontaneously and unilaterally in patients with predisposing anatomic or cardiovascular risk factors.
Pathological gambling is a common disorder that is associated with both social and family costs.
This chromosome can be found three or four times.
Estimated rates are not known in most of the developing world as of 2014.
the ligament of Treitz is displaced inferiorly and rightward
Signs and symptoms include an area of redness which increases in size over a few days.
They may be discovered on medical imaging, or may be present in patients as an abdominal mass, hepatomegaly, abdominal pain, jaundice, or some other liver dysfunction.
The more common mild form is refer to as EM minor.
It can also be associated with abrasion or drug use.
Autosomal dominant inheritance also being reported in a family.
These are spread by blood-feeding black flies and mosquitoes.
These cysts can be surgically resected, and opinion is divided about the advisability of this.
Pacemakers are often used for slow heart rates.
Benzodiazepine dependence develops with long-term use, even at low therapeutic doses, without the described dependence behavior.
The name lover's fracture is derived from the fact that a lover may jump from great heights while trying to escape from the lover's spouse.
In some cases, the defects affecting the teeth, eye and ear can be either individual or combined.
A closely related term is epulis, denoting a localized tumor on the gingiva.
More severe symptoms may include seizures, seeing or hearing things that others do not, and delirium tremens.
Males and females are equally commonly affected.
People who work in factory jobs tend to have a higher chance of getting erethism.
Cognitive behavioral therapy may also be helpful.
A pale disc is characteristic of long-standing optic neuropathy.
It is often seen in combination with salpingitis.
After cystic fibrosis, it is the second most common cause of exocrine pancreatic insufficiency in children.
It can be broadly classified into being either in the upper airway or lower airway.
Infections have no symptoms in more than 85% of cases, especially if the number of worms is small.
The presence of choluria is a useful symptom to distinguish if somebody presenting with jaundice has liver disease or hemolysis.
Urachal cysts are usually silent clinically until infection, calculi or adenocarcinoma develop.
can cause disease directly, but other organisms can cause disease by the toxins that they produce.
It is an inheritable classical Mendelian type X-linked recessive disorder wherein the retinal pigment epithelium lacks pigment while hair and skin appear normal.
AQP4+ NMO is currently considered an autoimmune disease in which a person's own immune system attacks the astrocytes of the optic nerves and spinal cord.
This can result in a sharp chest pain with breathing.
Previous definitions used a 30-minute time limit.
An asymmetrical variant of CIDP is known as Lewis-Sumner Syndrome.
Causes include breathing in toxic fumes, respiratory infections, connective tissue disorder, or following a bone marrow or heart-lung transplant.
It is also known as "Acute Myeloblastic Leukemia with Maturation".
In 2013 there were approximately 90 million new cases of the condition.
The condition is usually recognized shortly after birth.
They are typically inherited from one's parents through an X chromosome with a nonfunctional gene.
Treatments may include chemotherapy, radiation, immunotherapy, targeted therapy, stem cell transplantation, surgery, or watchful waiting.
NSAIDs such as naproxen may be used for pain.
Chordoma is a rare slow-growing neoplasm thought to arise from cellular remnants of the notochord.
Mucous membranes, such as the mouth, are also typically involved.
Leishmaniasis is a disease caused by parasites of the Leishmania type.
A number of different antibiotics may be used such as piperacillin/tazobactam or the combination of ciprofloxacin and metronidazole.
This is found most commonly in Asian individuals, especially children.
Occasionally intravenous fluids are given to children who are unable to drink enough.
Antivenom is effective at preventing death from bites; however, antivenoms frequently have side effects.
Most pituitary adenomas are microadenomas, and have an estimated prevalence of 16.7%.
Loss of consciousness typically occurs with standing or exercise.
In the United States, about 27,000 cases of cancer due to HPV occur each year.
A breech birth occurs when a baby is born bottom first instead of head first.
Infections usually resolve completely and without ongoing liver disease.
While the pathogen for this disease has not been identified, Vibrio carchariae may be one of its factors.
The term "usual" refers to the fact that UIP is the most common form of interstitial fibrosis.
Risk factors for gallstones include birth control pills, pregnancy, a family history of gallstones, obesity, diabetes, liver disease, or rapid weight loss.
It is characterized by loss of motion and sensation in arms and hands.
an ulcer or tear near the anus or within the rectum
Treatment can be effective for many eating disorders.
Adrenal crisis is a medical emergency and potentially life-threatening situation requiring immediate emergency treatment.
One is early onset RLS which starts before age 45, runs in families and worsens over time.
Many anti-inflammatory biological mediators, such as infliximab, etanercept, and anakinra are being tried, but there are no randomized controlled trials demonstrating effectiveness.
Due to its low permissible exposure limit, overexposures may occur even in situations where trace quantities of cadmium are found.
Familial adenomatous polyposis, Gardner Syndrome, Lynch Syndrome, Muir-Torre syndrome, Celiac sprue, Puetz-Jeghers, Crohn's Disease and Juvenile Polyposis Syndrome are risk factors for developing this cancer.
There is a range of homicidal thoughts which spans from vague ideas of revenge to detailed and fully formulated plans without the act itself.
Though previously thought to have vanished from the west in the 20th century, some research has suggested that conversion disorder is as common as ever.
Athlete's foot was first medically described in 1908.
Conjugate gaze palsies are neurological disorders affecting the ability to move both eyes in the same direction.
Trench fever is also called Wolhynia fever, shin bone fever, Meuse fever, His disease and His–Werner disease.
Primary biliary cholangitis, also known as primary biliary cirrhosis, is an autoimmune disease of the liver.
It is characterized histologically by smooth muscle hypertrophy and basement membrane thickening.
Surgery in some cases may improve outcomes.
The disorder can be acquired or inherited, the hereditary form having an autosomal dominant inheritance pattern.
In a healthy lung, oxygen transport occurs at the level of the alveoli, each of which has an average size of 0.1 mm.
Paraneoplastic cerebellar degeneration is a paraneoplastic syndrome associated with a broad variety of tumors including lung cancer, ovarian cancer, breast cancer, Hodgkin’s lymphoma and others.
Among those who are in hospital, rates are between 1% and 2.5%.
Squamous-cell thyroid carcinoma is rare malignant neoplasm of thyroid gland which shows tumor cells with distinct squamous differentiation.
Other sexually transmitted infections studied in the field include chancroid, lymphogranuloma venereum, granuloma inguinale, hepatitis B, and cytomegalovirus infection.
In another 25% of cases the person has two copies of chromosome 15 from their mother and none from their father.
Recreational use produces effects similar to alcohol intoxication.
Rates of disease appear to be increasing.
It affects approximately 7% of all men.
Antithrombin is a small protein molecule that inactivates several enzymes of the coagulation system.
In the developed world about one to two percent develop uterine infections following vaginal delivery.
Sometimes the skin thickens and becomes discolored around the nodules.
In humans, hemangiosarcomas and lymphangiosarcomas of the skin are uncommon.
Because of the medical problems that can occur during withdrawal, alcohol detoxification should be carefully controlled.
Primary treatment includes drinking lots of fluids and replacing lost salts.
The condition can also occur when individuals consume only moderate amounts of alcohol.
Antihistamines may help with symptoms but do not change the underlying disease.
Treatment and outcomes depends on the risk group a person is in.
The need for transfusion of blood products is frequent, and hysterectomy is sometimes required to control life-threatening hemorrhage.
In fact, surveys have shown that the majority of people have had homicidal fantasies at some stage in their life.
It has a global incidence rate of less than 1 in 100,000 live births.
The excess growth of hair occurs in areas of the skin with the exception of androgen-dependent hair of the pubic area, face, and axillary regions.
As a result, MWS is considered a type of periodic fever syndrome.
The affected eye may be hyperpigmented or hypopigmented.
With the 1q21.1 deletion syndrome, one chromosome of the pair is not complete, because a part of the sequence of the chromosome is missing.
It is usually bilateral, but can be unilateral in Goldenhar syndrome.
The neck may swell in part due to large lymph nodes.
Cardiomegaly may improve over time, but many people with an enlarged heart need lifelong treatment with medications.
The name café au lait is French for "coffee with milk" and refers to their light-brown color.
Keratitis is a condition in which the eye's cornea, the clear dome on the front surface of the eye, becomes inflamed.
The papules and plaques often first appear within stretch marks.
Arthrogryposis multiplex congenital, or simply arthrogryposes, describes congenital joint contracture in two or more areas of the body.
Autonomic dysreflexia, also known as autonomic hyperreflexia, is a potentially life-threatening condition which can be considered a medical emergency requiring immediate attention.
The papules appear as one or several rows of small, pearly or flesh-colored, smooth, dome-topped bumps situated circumferentially around the corona or sulcus of the glans.
Dyslexia is believed to be caused by both genetic and environmental factors.
It can interfere with preparing food, writing, and other activities.
Liver abscesses can occur without previous diarrhea.
As it disrupts normal sleep, those affected may experience sleepiness or feel tired during the day.
Additionally, the edema and loss of venous outflow impedes the arterial inflow.
The HA of TPQ and TCI-R has four subscales:
These tumours are part of the sex cord-gonadal stromal tumour or non-epithelial group of tumours.
It is a type of refractive error along with nearsightedness, farsightedness, and astigmatism.
Neonatal abstinence syndrome is a group of problems that occur in a newborn who was exposed to addictive opiate or other drugs in utero.
Risk factors include having a family history of the condition.
Over 80% of RVFs in the USA are obstetric and either preventable or treatable, followed in frequency by Crohn's disease and radiation.
It may be a congenital anomaly, or be acquired as a result of trauma, Horner's syndrome, Marfan Syndrome, Duane's Syndrome, silent sinus syndrome, or phthisis bulbi.
Cutaneous lymphoid hyperplasia refers to a groups of benign cutaneous disorders characterized by collections of lymphocytes, macrophages, and dendritic cells in the skin.
The heart’s electrical signals are slowed to a complete halt.
The diagnosis should usually be made based on the presenting symptoms.
African tick bite fever is a disease caused by the bacterium Rickettsia africae in sub-Saharan Africa and the West Indies.
It serves as an important neurological indication or warning sign, but no uniformity exists in its definition.
The bursae rest at the points where internal functionaries, such as muscles and tendons, slide across bone.
Glycogen Storage Disease Type IV is autosomal recessive, which means each parent has a mutant copy of the gene but show no symptoms of the disease.
They can bring infection into the body or acquire infectious agents and protect them from the body's immune defenses.
Conjunctivitis in a newborn, known as neonatal conjunctivitis, may also require specific treatment.
Often these symptoms last a few weeks and rarely does the initial infection result in death.
Peak incidences in 50- to 60-year-olds symptoms include intermittent fever / weight loss / shortness of breath / joint pain.
Bronchospasms are a possible side effect of some drugs: pilocarpine, beta blockers, a paradoxical result of using LABA drugs and other drugs.
The most important feature is pain, followed by restricted mandibular movement, and noises from the temporomandibular joints during jaw movement.
The incidence has been found to range from 1% to 6% of the population.
Specific medications used to treat infections include antibiotics, antivirals, antifungals, antiprotozoals, and antihelminthics.
Macrodontia of a single tooth is more common.
Teeth are also weaker than normal, making them prone to rapid wear, breakage, and loss.
There are three main treatment options: radioiodine therapy, medications, and thyroid surgery.
A similar condition called Southern Tick Associated Rash Illness produces a similar rash pattern although it develops more quickly and is smaller.
Cryptococcosis, also known as cryptococcal disease, is a potentially fatal fungal disease.
Symptoms increase with the number of worms present and may include shortness of breath and fever in the beginning of the disease.
It commonly occurs in 53 countries of Africa, Asia, and Central and South America, with about 230 million people at risk.
Behçet's disease is a type of inflammatory disorder which affects multiple parts of the body.
Head injury is a broader category that may involve damage to other structures such as the scalp and skull.
Lisp has changed since its early days, and many dialects have existed over its history.
Larger stones may be helped to pass with the medication tamsulosin or may require procedures such as extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy, ureteroscopy, or percutaneous nephrolithotomy.
Associated conditions include 5-α-reductase deficiency and androgen insensitivity syndrome.
People with HPD have a high need for attention, make loud and inappropriate appearances, exaggerate their behaviors and emotions, and crave stimulation.
It is estimated that silent strokes are five times more common than symptomatic stroke.
Inadequate response has traditionally been defined as no response whatsoever.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimate that 1 in 11 children and 1 in 12 adults have asthma in the United States of America.
SIADH is typically treated with fluid restriction while high volume hyponatremia is typically treated with both fluid restriction and a diet low in salt.
It occurs in normal individuals and typically starts and disappears spontaneously.
Depending on the severity of the blood loss, there may be symptoms of insufficient circulating blood volume and shock.
Due to the invasive and perhaps uncomfortable nature of these investigations, the pelvic floor musculature is thought to behave differently than under normal circumstances.
Some people carry the bacteria without having symptoms, but can still spread the disease to others.
Not all affected persons have all the manifestations.
Otherwise symptoms may include numbness, muscle spasms, seizures, confusion, or cardiac arrest.
Some evidence supports the use of face masks.
In this situation there may be fever or significant pain when the abdomen is touched.
Abiotic factors include ambient temperature, amount of sunlight, and pH of the water soil in which an organism lives.
Left ventricular hypertrophy is thickening of the heart muscle of the left ventricle of the heart, that is, left-sided ventricular hypertrophy.
It mainly affects the aorta and its branches, as well as the pulmonary arteries.
In those who have organophosphate poisoning the primary treatments are atropine, oximes such as pralidoxime, and diazepam.
Seen as a severe form of PCOS, the clinical features of hyperthecosis are similar to those of PCOS.
In the industrialized world, PEM is predominantly seen in hospitals, is associated with disease, or is often found in the elderly.
Treatment is typically initially with warm compresses.
There is a very low level of public awareness of idiopathic hypersomnia, which often leads to stigma for those who suffer from it.
Treatment is typically with antibiotics taken by mouth, such as cephalexin, amoxicillin, or cloxacillin.
The specific translocation of FUS-DDIT3 is t(12;16)(q13;p11).
It is believed to involve hormonal, environmental, and genetic factors.
Fecal vomiting is often accompanied by an odor of feces on the breath and other gastrointestinal symptoms, including abdominal pain, abdominal distension, dehydration, and diarrhea.
Increased total urine amino acids may result from metabolic disorders, chronic liver disease or renal disorders.
Juvenile myoclonic epilepsy, also known as Janz syndrome, is a fairly common form of idiopathic generalized epilepsy, representing 5-10% of all epilepsy cases.
Miosis or myosis is excessive constriction of the pupil.
While a certain amount of dietary iodine is important, excessive amounts can worsen certain types of hypothyroidism.
The most frequent symptoms of CMS are headache, dizziness, tinnitus, breathlessness, palpitations, sleep disturbance, fatigue, loss of appetite, confusion, cyanosis, and dilation of veins.
The global economic cost of diabetes in 2014 was estimated to be US$612 billion.
The cause is unknown, but the condition is entirely benign, and there is no curative treatment.
Many lipomas are small but can enlarge to sizes greater than six centimeters.
This may sometimes be achieved by determining and treating the underlying cause.
An implantable cardiac defibrillator may be placed to reduce the chance of death from recurrence.
These are 1–3 cm translucent blue cystic nodules.It usually presents as a single, small skin-colored lesion, and is considered distinct from the closely related poroma.
In those who are not improving with appropriate treatment, other complications such an abscess should be considered.
The condition may occur on one or both sides; it more commonly affects the right testis.
Hence many patients feel they see better at dusk than in daytime.
The message is simple: the lower a person's socioeconomic status, the greater their risk of both physical and psychological health problems.
Injuries to the arm, forearm or wrist area can lead to various nerve disorders.
Engorgement changes the shape and curvature of the nipple region by making the breast inflexible, flat, hard, and swollen.
It is characterized by the appearance of the myofibril under the microscope.
Rarely, impingement upon critical organs may result in complications, such as respiratory distress when a lymphangioma compresses the airway.
Prothrombin G20210A was identified in the 1990s, is almost exclusively present in Caucasians.
However, it can occur in pseudoxanthoma elasticum and idiopathic arterial calcification of infancy as a pathological condition, as well.
The term is sometimes used interchangeably with mixed connective tissue disease, an overlap syndrome.
It causes the esophagus to end in a blind-ended pouch rather than connecting normally to the stomach.
Research into new treatments for spinal cord injuries includes stem cell implantation, engineered materials for tissue support, and wearable robotic exoskeletons.
Human infection is rare, even if the infection rate is high among animals.
In areas of the world afflicted with chronic starvation, the children are most commonly afflicted.
Dermal eccrine cylindroma, a benign tumour of the skin
ICP occurs most commonly in the third trimester, but can begin at any time during the pregnancy.
World Leprosy Day was started in 1954 to draw awareness to those affected by leprosy.
It is characterized by dwarfism, diabetes, a small head, and high levels of alanine in the urine.
The headache is daily and unremitting from very soon after onset, usually in a person who does not have a history of a primary headache disorder.
In this condition, the embryological structure known as the truncus arteriosus fails to properly divide into the pulmonary trunk and aorta.
In anthropology, human populations have been characterized as either dolichocephalic, mesaticephalic, or brachycephalic.
Linear focal elastosis presents with asymptomatic, palpable or atrophic, yellow lines of the middle and lower back, thighs, arms and breasts.
The weakness most often involves the legs but may less commonly involve the muscles of the head, neck and diaphragm.
Nephrotic syndrome is a syndrome comprising signs of nephrosis, chiefly protein in the urine, low blood albumin levels, and swelling.
For example, a person could have diabetes and heart disease and high blood pressure.
High blood pressure is classified as either primary high blood pressure or secondary high blood pressure.
It is most commonly located in the rectum.
Within three weeks of the onset of symptoms the skin from the hands and feet may peel.
It is named for Walter Dandy and Arthur Earl Walker.
Gangrene is a type of necrosis caused by a critically insufficient blood supply.
The incidence of esophageal adenocarcinoma has increased substantially in the Western world in recent years.
Hyperacusis is a debilitating hearing disorder characterized by an increased sensitivity to certain frequency and volume ranges of sound.
Longer-term measures include: improving agricultural practices, reducing poverty, improving sanitation, and the empowerment of women.
The broad nature of the posterior bundle as well as its dual blood supply makes isolated LPFB rare.
The word "parapsoriasis" was formed in 1902.
The brain or nerves are often believed to be involved.
The diagnosis may be confirmed with endoscopy or medical imaging.
It is usually classified as a kind of chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
CF is most common among people of Northern European ancestry and affects about one out of every 3,000 newborns.
Histologically, glomus tumors are made up of an afferent arteriole, anastomotic vessel, and collecting venule.
Unlike MS, ADEM occurs usually in children and is marked with rapid fever, although adolescents and adults can get the disease too.
Live tapeworm larvae grouped in cystsare sometimes ingested by consuming undercooked meat.
Recent work in molecular genetics has shown NBCCS to be caused by mutations in the PTCH gene found on chromosome arm 9q.
It is the most common type of salivary gland tumor and the most common tumor of the parotid gland.
Acrocallosal syndrome is a rare autosomal recessive syndrome characterized by corpus callosum agenesis, polydactyly, multiple dysmorphic features, motor and mental retardation, and other symptoms.
This is a lethal condition in which the primary feature is the total or virtual absence of the lower jaw.
The word leukodystrophy comes from the Greek roots leuko, "white", dys, "lack of", and troph, "growth".
Clumsiness, an awkward gait, and unusual aggressiveness or irritability may also occur.
The first episode is often more severe and may be associated with fever, muscle pains, swollen lymph nodes and headaches.
Syndactyly is a condition wherein two or more digits are fused together.
There are several causes of Beau's lines.
Sally Ride, American astronaut; first woman astronaut
It is less common in Asia and Africa.
Landau–Kleffner syndrome—also called infantile acquired aphasia, acquired epileptic aphasia or aphasia with convulsive disorder—is a rare childhood neurological syndrome.
Jumping Frenchmen syndrome shares some symptoms with other startle disorders.
Other diseases that may recur following a short or long period of quiescence include shingles, oral herpes and genital herpes, and Brill–Zinsser disease.
Due to insufficient evidence it is unclear if effective treatments exist.
Samia Temtamy and John Rogers in 1976.
It is most often seen in 35+ week gestation babies who are delivered by caesarian section without labor.
About 20 million people are blind due to cataracts.
Also, a fulminant course in adults has been described.
A boil, also called a furuncle, is a deep folliculitis, infection of the hair follicle.
It was first reported in March, 2013 and so far has claimed 152 victims.
When caused by injury the marks will disappear as the nail grows outwards, however a dietary deficiency will cause recurrent leukonychia.
Atherosclerosis affects the entire artery tree, but mostly larger, high-pressure vessels such as the coronary, renal, femoral, cerebral, and carotid arteries.
Dermatitis, also known as eczema, is a group of diseases that results in inflammation of the skin.
Spinal cord lesions lead to varying degrees of weakness or paralysis in the legs or arms, loss of sensation, and/or bladder and bowel dysfunction.
It is named after physiologist Charles-Édouard Brown-Séquard, who first described the condition in 1850.
Diagnosis is based on signs and symptoms in combination with test results.
For those with light skin, sunscreen and makeup are all that is typically recommended.
Hospitalization is required in one to five percent of cases.
GCA is diagnosed with biopsy of the temporal artery.
Tics can be invisible to the observer, such as abdominal tensing or toe crunching.
Provided there is no hernia present, hydrocoeles below the age of 1 year usually resolve spontaneously.
Being an adenoma, the mass is covered in columnar epithelial cells.
Zinc deficiency can occur in soil, plants, and animals.
Other metabolic derangements include lactic acidosis and hyperlipidemia.
The earliest physical evidence of it is probably the pustular rash on the mummified body of Pharaoh Ramses V of Egypt.
A diphtheria vaccine is effective for prevention and available in a number of formulations.
Uhl's anomaly was first described in 1952 by Dr. Henry Uhl upon examining one of his patients.
Crohn's disease is caused by a combination of environmental, immune and bacterial factors in genetically susceptible individuals.
Females are more commonly affected than males and it becomes more common with age.
A drop in the oxygen carried in blood is known as hypoxemia; a rise in arterial carbon dioxide levels is called hypercapnia.
Injury of axillary nerve is a condition that can be associated with a surgical neck of the humerus fracture.
The degeneration aspect is characterized by the appearance of holes in the muscle cell vacuoles, deposits of abnormal proteins within the cells and in filamentous inclusions.
A cervical rib represents a persistent ossification of the C7 lateral costal element.
The disorder was first identified in a British family by University of Edinburgh Medical School graduate Cecil A. Alport in 1927,.
Diphtheria is usually spread between people by direct contact or through the air.
Standard treatment for most skin or soft tissue abscesses is cutting it open and drainage.
Hypogonadism can occur through a number of different mechanisms.
20% of maternal deaths can be contributed to anemia.
Pain may also spread to the shoulder if bleeding into the abdomen has occurred.
It can be a manifestation of lichen planus, psoriasis, alopecia areata, immunoglobulin A deficiency, atopic dermatitis, and ichthyosis vulgaris.
A cervical polyp is a common benign polyp or tumour on the surface of the cervical canal.
Treatment may include a complete or partial corneal transplant, or photorefractive keratectomy.
Non-freezing cold injury causes inflammation of tissues without the formation of ice crystals.
They are the type intended to be covered by high-deductible health plans.
Lesions appear inside the mouth and active bleeding from oral and nasal mucous membranes is common.
A pineoblastoma is a supratentorial midline primitive neuroectodermal tumor.
Diagnosis is typically with medical imaging such as plain X-rays, a GI series, or CT scan.
Effective treatment of EGPA requires suppression of the immune system with medication.
It has been stated that the ulceration is due to the constant "picking" of the patient.
The disease is caused by an autosomal dominant mutation in either of an individual's two copies of a gene called Huntingtin.
This muscle is the main abductor of the shoulder joint from 18 to 90 degrees.
The current research describes Raine Syndrome as a neonatal osteosclerotic bone dysplasia, indicated by its osteosclerotic symptoms that are seen in those suffering from the disease.
A vanishing twin, also known as fetal resorption, is a fetus in a multi-gestation pregnancy which dies in utero and is then partially or completely reabsorbed.
The virus may circulate within a number of animals including birds and rodents.
Thus treatment aims to prevent dangerous rises in intracranial pressure, the pressure within the skull.
The first case was identified in a post-mortem examination in 1888.
Aneurysms are a result of a weakened blood vessel wall, and can be a result of a hereditary condition or an acquired disease.
A retroverted uterus is a uterus that is tilted posteriorly.
It is characterized by stridor and/or retractions.
Portal hypertension is defined as a hepatic venous pressure gradient equal to or greater than 6 mmHg.
Minor of The Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, USA.
The crampy pains become stronger and closer together over time.
It is also called aggressive NK-cell lymphoma.
Medications such as ACE inhibitors, beta blockers, and diuretics are often used.
The syndrome was first described by Saul Jarcho and Paul M. Levin at Johns Hopkins University in 1938.
It is distinct from bone erosion which is commonly associated with rheumatic arthritis, and also distinct from mild deforming arthropathy which is associated with SLE.
Sturge Weber Syndrome can be classified into three different types.
Diagnosis is typically based on a person's signs and symptoms.
Others include defects in chylomicron metabolism, triglyceride metabolism, and metabolism of other cholesterol-containing particles, such as VLDL and IDL.
Women are affected more often than men.
Supporting the person's breathing is sometimes also required.
22q11 microduplication syndrome is the opposite of the 22q11 deletion syndrome: in this condition, a band of q.11.2 section of chromosome 22 is duplicated.
These babies are known as preemies or premmies.
Affected individuals may "milk" the salivary gland to encourage flow of saliva through the duct.
Prurigo simplex is a chronic, itchy, idiopathic skin condition characterized by extremely itchy skin nodules and lesions.
People with ICL have a weakened immune system and are susceptible to opportunistic infections, although the rate of infections is lower than in people with AIDS.
Although the word "necrotizing" is omitted, the conditions described are largely the same.
Polysomnography and actigraphy are tests commonly ordered for some sleep disorders.
Lymphoid leukemias — also called lymphocytic, lymphogenous, or lymphoblastic leukemias — are a group of leukemias affecting circulating lymphocytes, a type of white blood cells.
A Brodie abscess is a subacute osteomyelitis, which may persist for years before converting to a frank osteomyelitis.
Developmental disabilities cause individuals living with them many difficulties in certain areas of life, especially in "language, mobility, learning, self-help, and independent living".
It is the second most common type of kidney cancer, but accounts for only five to 10 percent of all primary renal malignant tumors.
The common theme of all the figurative senses is of a gap not in visual function but in the mind's perception, cognition, or world view.
It is classified as non-sustained versus sustained based on whether or not it lasts less than or more than 30 seconds.
The classic feature of psoriatic arthritis is swelling of entire fingers and toes with a sausage-like appearance.
Chilblain lupus erythematosus is a chronic, unremitting form of lupus erythematosus with the fingertips, rims of ears, calves, and heels affected, especially in women.
These symptoms have been reported to be improved temporarily by taking a hot shower or bath or more fully by stopping the use of cannabis.
Large exposures can result in loss of consciousness, arrhythmias, seizures, or death.
One synonym used to describe its features is "Painful purpuric ulcers with reticular pattern of the lower extremities".
Secondary amenorrhoea is often caused by hormonal disturbances from the hypothalamus and the pituitary gland, from premature menopause or intrauterine scar formation.
With hydraulic fluids, paint, and detergents, these injuries are extremely serious as most hydraulic fluids and organic solvents are highly toxic.
The first was characterized by NID B, intestinal malrotation, and congenital short bowel, the second by NID B, short stature, mental retardation, and facial dysmorphism.
It is a form of vasculitis that affects small- and medium-size vessels in many organs.
Signs and symptoms of pancreatitis include pain in the upper abdomen, nausea and vomiting.
Many patients, once undergoing treatment, only experience mild symptoms over prolonged periods, though the condition remains slowly progressive.
Other causes include latex exposure and exercise.
Niemann–Pick disease, SMPD1-associated refers to two different types of Niemann–Pick disease which are associated with the SMPD1 gene.
UV light exposure during childhood is particularly harmful.
The forearm muscles and tendons become damaged from repetitive overuse.
HD is typically inherited from a person's parents, with 10% of cases due to a new mutation.
Surgery to cut the transverse carpal ligament is effective with better results at a year compared to non surgical options.
For this reason excessive canal shaping should be avoided.
Many cases can be safely followed with active surveillance or watchful waiting.
Due to the association with very absorbent tampons, these products were removed from sale.
Superficial spreading melanoma is usually characterized as the most common form of cutaneous melanoma in Caucasians.
Often a number of factors are involved.
Much of the literature about AHC is purposefully vague in this respect due to a lack of information on the disorder.
77% of dog bites are from the pet of family or friends, and 50% of attacks occur on the dog owner's property.
Petit's hernia occurs more often in males than in females and more often on the left side than on the right.
Importantly, both sunburn and the increase in melanin production are triggered by direct DNA damage.
Clinically, it presents initially with poor night vision, which slowly progresses to total blindness.
New daily persistent headache is a primary headache syndrome which can mimic chronic migraine and chronic tension-type headache.
Female genital and sexual development is not significantly affected by the insensitivity to androgens; as such, MAIS is only diagnosed in males.
It is a rare neoplasm of the dermis layer of the skin, and is classified as a sarcoma.
The earliest symptoms are often subtle problems with mood or mental abilities.
The condition is often confused with vaginismus which is a much simpler condition and easily rectified with simple exercises.
It affects humans, but its main host is ruminants such as cattle and sheep.
This hookworm infection is a type of helminthiasis which is a type of neglected tropical disease.
A systolic blood pressure of less than 90 millimeters of mercury or diastolic of less than 60 mm Hg is generally considered to be hypotension.
Treatments include regular prone repositioning of babies.
Ligyrophobics may be fearful of devices that can suddenly emit loud sounds, such as computer speakers or fire alarms.
While typically not painful some aching or itching maybe present.
The causes of plantar fasciitis are not entirely clear.
Onset is commonly between 20 and 50 years of age.
In the last trimester of pregnancy the isthmus of the uterus unfolds and forms the lower segment.
While the typical case shows severely disturbed language comprehension, many individuals are still able to maintain conversations.
Normal pressure hydrocephalus is estimated to affect about 5 per 100,000 people with rates increasing with age.
At other times, marked feelings of guilt associated with what the patient assumes is "excessive" masturbation are noted.
A third conceptualization holds that burnout consists of exhaustion and disengagement.
It was first described in the medical literature in 1987 by Ritscher and Schinzel, for whom the disorder is sometimes named.
Lactose intolerance is due to the lack of enzyme lactase in the small intestines to break lactose down into glucose and galactose.
The virus is genetically highly variable, which limits the effectiveness of vaccination.
Stunted growth, also known as stunting and nutritional stunting, is a reduced growth rate in human development.
Antibodies then develop against the red blood cells.
The reason for this change is that there was no evidence for meaningful differences between these two conditions.
Wernicke–Korsakoff syndrome is the combined presence of Wernicke's encephalopathy and Korsakoff's syndrome.
Birt–Hogg–Dubé syndrome can manifest similarly to other diseases, which must be ruled out when making a diagnosis.
Racquet nail often presents with other nail conditions such as onycholysis, koilonychia, pachyonychia, Muehrcke's lines, leuconychia, and half-and-half nails.
Occlusions distal to this segment will result in more severe presentation of ACA syndrome.
Other areas of the brain that are associated with alien hand syndrome are the frontal, occipital, and parietal lobes.
Pain medications may include paracetamol as well as NSAIDs such as naproxen or ibuprofen.
Other symptoms may include soreness and problems swallowing.
In 1713, Bernardino Ramazzini noted asthmatic symptoms and sand-like substances in the lungs of stone cutters.
The prevalence is about 1 in 25,000.
It can be associated with LDL receptor.
This results primarily in the development of a dry mouth and dry eyes.
Tumors of this type are also called ovarian adenocarcinoma.
Autoimmune hepatitis may be treated with steroid medications.
Secondary bacterial infection causing cholangitis has also been a concern and can be treated with antibiotics, and toxaemia may be treated with prednisolone.
The disease is often more severe in adults than children.
This disorder is classified as a multiple carboxylase deficiency, a group of disorders characterized by impaired activity of certain enzymes that depend on biotin.
It is part of a class of similar disease known as "white syndromes", many of which may be linked to species of Vibrio bacteria.
The term otosclerosis is something of a misnomer.
It is known to occur mainly in the soft tissues and dermis.
In the cervical and lumbar region it can be a congenital condition to varying degrees.
The term is used for a variety of clinical conditions and most commonly affects the left hand.
Up to 20% of people develop antibodies to the clotting factors which makes treatment more difficult.
Acatalasia is an autosomal recessive peroxisomal disorder caused by low levels of the enzyme catalase.<https://ghr.nlm.nih.gov/condition/acatalasemia>
Within the chest, the lung is compressed and unable to expand, making it vulnerable to collapse.
Malformation of the diaphragm allows the abdominal organs to push into the chest cavity, hindering proper lung formation.
Clinical features suggestive of small bowel obstruction, 2).
The Central Nervous System viral diseases are caused by viruses that attack the CNS.
The severity of this disease varies on the amount of enzyme produced.
The teeth involved are invariably molars, sometimes single and at the other times multiple teeth may be involved.
The labia majora are the most common site involved representing about 50% of all cases, followed by the labia minora.
Treatment with eculizumab does not appear to change the risk of death or the incidence of blood clots and is very costly.
Hepatitis C is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis C virus that primarily affects the liver.
It can be exacerbated by insufficient breastfeeding and/or blocked milk ducts.
This form was previously referred to as "non insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus" or "adult-onset diabetes".
Amelia "limb") is the birth defect of lacking one or more limbs.
Encephalopathy  means disorder or disease of the brain.
Despite the lack of evidence, wearing cotton underwear and loose fitting clothing is often recommended as a preventative measure.
The most common type of irregular heartbeat that occurs is known as paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia.
This should be distinguished from the commonly experienced phenomenon of getting a song stuck in one's head.
Rarely, the nodules occur at diverse sites on body.
Unlike atherosclerosis, which typically manifests in older people, syphilitic aortitis typically affects those under the age of 50.
Randy Pausch, American professor of computer science, human–computer interaction, and design at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Partial transverse myelitis and partial myelitis are terms used to define inflammation of the spinal cord that affects part of the width of the spinal cord.
Infants whose palms and soles are yellow, have serum bilirubin level over 255 μmol/l.
By 2004, Chisso Corporation had paid $86 million in compensation, and in the same year was ordered to clean up its contamination.
In more severe cases inhaled epinephrine may also be used.
Harderoporphyria is a rare condition, with less than 10 cases reported worldwide.
Other risk factors include being short sighted and previous cataract surgery.
It can present as episodes of acute inflammation in a previously injured pancreas, or as chronic damage with persistent pain or malabsorption.
Atopic dermatitis patients may also exhibit periorbital pigmentation due to lower eyelid venous stasis, and treatment is ineffective.
Linear IgA dermatosis is a rare immune-mediated blistering skin disease that may be divided into two types:
It is found most commonly in the mandible in the region of the lower molar teeth.
There are several types of oral cancers, but around 90% are squamous cell carcinomas, originating in the tissues that line the mouth and lips.
It is caused by an abnormal proliferation of secondary follicles and occurs principally in the cortex without broaching the lymph node capsule.
Bowen's disease, also known as squamous cell carcinoma in situ is a neoplastic skin disease.
In chronic pancreatitis weight loss, fatty stool, and diarrhea may occur.
There also may be symptoms related to a specific infection, such as a cough with pneumonia, or painful urination with a kidney infection.
In Europe, this disease is exceptionally rare.
Maintaining avascularity of the corneal stroma is an important aspect of corneal pathophysiology as it is required for corneal transparency and optimal vision.
The human fetus and medically compromised people are the most susceptible to the toxic effects of mercury.
Ichthyosis hystrix is a group of rare skin disorders in the ichthyosis family of skin disorders characterized by massive hyperkeratosis with an appearance like spiny scales.
The term is sometimes used interchangeably with "leukopenia".
An underlying disorder may be metabolic as in a defect converting tryptophan to niacin.
Diagnosis is often supported by medical imaging.
The similar pathology to shigellosis may be because both strains of bacteria share some virulent factors.
Symptoms usually begin 1 to 3 weeks after exposure and without treatment may last up to six weeks.
The general patterns of ecological interactions between parasite species are unknown, even among common coinfections such as those between sexually transmitted infections.
Miliary tuberculosis is a form of tuberculosis that is characterized by a wide dissemination into the human body and by the tiny size of the lesions.
Reginald Fitz is credited with being the first person to describe the condition in 1886.
Staging of the cancer is typically determined by medical imaging such as CT scan and bone scan.
Most of the available data regarding barodontalgia is derived from high-altitude chamber simulations rather than actual flights.
Myoglobin is present in muscle cells as a reserve of oxygen.
Hereditary hyperbilirubinemia refers to the condition where levels of bilirubin are elevated, for reasons that can be attributed to a metabolic disorder.
"The mechanism of action for improvement is probably related to the presence of an obstacle to picking."
The disorder is caused by genetic mutations resulting in improper function of the thiazide-sensitive sodium-chloride symporter located in the distal convoluted tubule of the kidney.
The skin of the palms of the hands and the soles of the feet may become thick and break open.
This condition is commonly observed among gamekeepers and Scottish fowl hunters, as well as athletes.
Some researchers believe that they arise from the folliculostellate cells in the anterior lobe of the pituitary.
Cystic hygroma can be associated with a nuchal lymphangioma or a fetal hydrops.
TAR Syndrome is a rare genetic disorder that is characterized by the absence of the radius bone in the forearm, and a dramatically reduced platelet count.
This abscess develops after surgical operations like splenectomy.
Mutations in the ALMS1 gene have been found to be causative for AS with a total of 79 disease-causing mutations having been described."
Regular screening in those at normal risk is not called for.
Acquired lymphangiomas may result from trauma, inflammation, or lymphatic obstruction.
Symptoms are very similar to biotinidase deficiency and treatment – large doses of biotin – is also the same.
Tooth ankylosis refers to a fusion of teeth to bone.
Of those women who experience hypothyroidism associated with postpartum thyroiditis, one in five will develop permanent hypothyroidism requiring lifelong treatment.
Cerebral hypoxia is a form of hypoxia, specifically involving the brain; when the brain is completely deprived of oxygen, it is called cerebral anoxia.
Monilethrix is a rare autosomal dominant hair disease that results in short, fragile, broken hair that appears beaded.
In both CT and MRI rhinolith will appear like a radiopaque irregular material.
A needle is inserted into the spinal canal to collect a sample of cerebrospinal fluid, that envelops the brain and spinal cord.
Subcutaneous fat necrosis of the newborn is a rare form of lobular panniculitis occurring in newborns that is usually self-remitting and non-recurring.
Neurofibromatosis type II is a genetic condition which may be inherited or may arise spontaneously.
These symptoms typically begin two days after exposure to the virus and most last less than a week.
Xeroderma occurs most commonly on the scalp, lower legs, arms, hands, the knuckles, the sides of the abdomen, and thighs.
This results in an increased concentration of fructose in the entire intestine.
However, the criteria for these symptoms are not specified in greater detail.
Following persistent infection the concentration of viral DNA reaches a critical limit.
In plant-eating animals, infection occurs when they eat or breathe in the spores while grazing.
If symptoms are present, the most common one is abdominal pain.
Several cases of primary intracranial MRT have been reported since its recognition as a separate entity in 1978.
It is also seen occasionally in long-haired people who use barrettes to keep hair out of their faces.
Common symptoms include fever, headache, and a rash.
These receptors are bipolar neurons that connect to the glomerular layer of the olfactory bulb, traveling through the cribriform plate.
It may be caused by a phosphaturic mesenchymal tumor.
A number of tests are useful to help with diagnosis, including electrocardiograms, blood tests, and coronary angiography.
ACR20 was initially proposed with ACR scoring, measuring a 20% improvement on a scale of 28 intervals.
Anaplastic thyroid cancer is a form of thyroid cancer which has a very poor prognosis due to its aggressive behavior and resistance to cancer treatments.
Diagnosis is based on an eye exam.
Numerous, confluent ulcerations with bulging of the edematous residual mucosa determine a cobblestone appearance at endoscopy.
An estimated 16.3 million people worldwide were infected in 2015.
It results from lymph formed in the digestive system called chyle accumulating in the pleural cavity due to either disruption or obstruction of the thoracic duct.
Many of the characteristics of this disorder can be mistaken for anxiety or panic related disorders by physicians.
Such a tear usually occurs at its point of insertion onto the humeral head at the greater tubercle.
Nearly any body part can be involved.
Lupus erythematosus is a name given to a collection of autoimmune diseases in which the human immune system becomes hyperactive and attacks healthy tissues.
Intermetamorphosis is a delusional misidentification syndrome, related to agnosia.
Type I and II affected females and males equally.
It was first discovered and is prevalent almost exclusively in Brazil.
As COPD progresses, exacerbations tend to become more frequent, the average being about three episodes per year.
A trichilemmal cyst, also known as a wen, pilar cyst or isthmus-catagen cyst, is a common cyst that forms from a hair follicle.
Nephrotic complications of another disorder can coexist with nephritic complications.
Fryns syndrome is an autosomal recessive multiple congenital anomaly syndrome that is usually lethal in the neonatal period.
The lateral clavicle may ride upward after being avulsed from its periosteum
EA is usually diagnosed incidentally on CT scan which is performed to exclude more serious conditions.
Keratin is a protein that normally occurs as the main constituent of hair and nails.
Complement is activated by the attached antibody leading to the removal of red blood cells by the spleen.
Pattern hair loss by age 50 affects about half of males and a quarter of females.
According to controlled laboratory experiments, the gas from a typical deodorant spray can reduce skin temperature by up to sixty degrees Celsius.
Linear verrucous epidermal nevus is a skin lesion characterized by a verrucous skin-colored, dirty-gray or brown papule.
Demodex canis occurs naturally in the hair follicles of most dogs in low numbers around the face and other areas of the body.
Fibroadenomas of the breast are benign tumors characterized by an admixture of stromal and epithelial tissue.
Bronchitis is divided into two types: acute and chronic.
It is much more common in women, with a sex ratio of at least 9:1 female to male.
At a young age, the vitreous is transparent, but as one ages, imperfections gradually develop.
In the large intestine, familial adenomatous polyposis occurs; in the CNS, brain tumors.
Isosporiasis, also known as cystoisosporiasis, is a human intestinal disease caused by the parasite Isospora belli.
Many treatment options for acne are available, including lifestyle changes, medications, and medical procedures.
Females are affected about twice as often as males.
The most drastic response to crushing under massive objects may be field amputation.
It usually occurs in children less than two years of age with the majority being aged between three and six months.
A marked increase in non-blood tissue eosinophil count noticed upon histopathologic examination is diagnostic for tissue eosinophilia.
If left untreated, HES is progressively fatal.
The source is generally the upper gastrointestinal tract, typically above the suspensory muscle of duodenum.
Pre-labor, also called "prodromal labor", consists of the early signs before labor starts.
Affected individuals are susceptible to fulminant meningococcal disease.
Due to the close relationship between these two disorders, people with either are usually diagnosed with WKS, as a single syndrome.
There are two types: sporadic inclusion body myositis, which is more common, and hereditary inclusion body myopathy.
The linguistic stage involves the encoding of auditory and visual information into symbols for letters and written words.
Prevention programs have been shown to reduce depression.
Without treatment, the condition often lasts decades.
The majority of affected individuals experience significant intellectual and physical problems, although this is not always the case.
Failure of a pacemaker is defined by the requirement of repeat surgical pacemaker-related procedures after the initial implantation.
They generally occur in endocrine organs, but may also occur in endocrine tissues of organs not classically thought of as endocrine.
Daentl Townsend Siegel syndrome is also known as "Hydrocephalus blue sclera nephropathy" and "Familial nephrosis, hydrocephalus, thin skin, blue sclerae syndrome".
An anopsia or anopia is a defect in the visual field.
He say it hurts, but finds it difficult to describe the sensations further.
This can occur as a result of alcoholism, long term diarrhea, carcinoid syndrome, Hartnup disease, and a number of medications such as isoniazid.
It is a type of lesion associated with rosacea, a common chronic inflammatory skin disorder of the sebaceous glands characterized by redness, swelling, and acne-like pustules.
Disorders may be X-linked recessive, autosomal recessive, or autosomal dominant.
In blood plasma, iron is carried tightly bound to the protein transferrin.
ARVC/D is an important cause of ventricular arrhythmias in children and young adults.
However recovery is hardly observed at all in the spinal cord.
Rheumatism or rheumatic disorder is an umbrella term for conditions causing chronic, often intermittent pain affecting the joints and/or connective tissue.
The syndrome is related to cystic lesions and swelling of the third ventricle in the brain.
Long-term exposure can result in thickening of the skin, darker skin, abdominal pain, diarrhea, heart disease, numbness, and cancer.
The diagnosis is reached on the basis of the symptoms and supported by investigations such as blood tests and sometimes other investigations.
In most anatomical sites, many cases are associated with the Epstein-Barr virus.
The iron damage to the heart can lead to heart failure.
It occurs in fewer than one in 100,000 live births worldwide.
In those who are seriously allergic to penicillin, erythromycin or clindamycin may be used.
Retinopathy often refers to retinal vascular disease, or damage to the retina caused by abnormal blood flow.
Paper cuts are most often caused by paper sheets that are strongly fastened together, because one single paper sheet might be dislocated from the rest.
Left untreated, patients with Kallmann syndrome will almost invariably be infertile.
It is sometimes abbreviated SCE or SE and also called tissue emphysema, or Sub Q air.
Mural thrombi are thrombi that adhere to the wall of a blood vessel.
Other preventative efforts include screening blood used for transfusions.
AiWS can be caused by abnormal amounts of electrical activity causing abnormal blood flow in the parts of the brain that process visual perception and texture.
Hypovolemia is a state of decreased blood volume; more specifically, decrease in volume of blood plasma.
Spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia congenita is a rare disorder of bone growth that results in dwarfism, characteristic skeletal abnormalities, and occasionally problems with vision and hearing.
Pelvic congestion syndrome is a chronic medical condition in women caused by varicose veins in the lower abdomen.
HFI is an autosomal recessive condition caused by mutations in the ALDOB gene, located at 9q22.3.
Juvenile xanthogranuloma is a form of histiocytosis, classified as "non-Langerhans cell histiocytosis", or more specifically, "type 2".
Other incriminated viruses are hepatitis A virus, hepatitis C virus, cytomegalovirus, coxsackievirus, adenovirus, enterovirus, rotavirus, rubella virus, HIV, and parainfluenza virus.
Hemosiderin hyperpigmentation is pigmentation due to deposits of hemosiderin, and occurs in purpura, hemochromotosis, hemorrhagic diseases, and stasis dermatitis.
It is due to infection by bacterium of the genus Nocardia, most commonly Nocardia asteroides or Nocardia brasiliensis.
Oppositional defiant disorder is defined by the DSM-5 as "a pattern of angry/irritable mood, argumentative/defiant behavior, or vindictiveness lasting at least six months".
The condition can last for days to years.
Scrofuloderma is a skin condition caused by tuberculous involvement of the skin by direct extension, usually from underlying tuberculous lymphadenitis.
Some insects inject formic acid, which can cause an immediate skin reaction often resulting in redness and swelling in the injured area.
The word is from Greek: ἀνεύρυσμα, aneurysma, "dilation", from ἀνευρύνειν, aneurynein, "to dilate".
The illness resembles a severe influenza, with a moderate fever, chills, joint pain, and a diffuse red rash, located mostly on the hands and feet.
Ejaculatory duct obstruction must not be confused with an obstruction of the vas deferens.
Occasionally the arms may also be affected.
However, a disorder leading to abnormally low output of the basal ganglia leads to relatively no inhibition of the thalamocortical projection neurons.
Increases have been observed across all age groups.
These mutations are inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern.
Many people with significant visual impairment benefit from vision rehabilitation, changes in their environment, and assistive devices.
Patterson syndrome, also called pseudoleprechaunism, is an extremely rare syndrome, first mistaken as Donohue Syndrome.
Inhaled coal dust progressively builds up in the lungs and cannot be removed by the body; this leads to inflammation, fibrosis, and in worse cases, necrosis.
Additionally, isodisomy leads to large blocks of homozygosity, which may lead to the uncovering of recessive genes, a similar phenomenon seen in children of consanguineous partners.
Brain abscess is an abscess caused by inflammation and collection of infected material, coming from local or remote infectious sources, within the brain tissue.
If large, incision and drainage may be recommended.
A thoracic aortic aneurysm is the "ballooning" of the upper aspect of the aorta, above the diaphragm.
Treatment is usually with laparoscopic gallbladder removal, within 24 hours if possible.
In the United States, screening with ultrasound is recommended for males between 65 and 75 years of age with a history of smoking.
A variety of other congenital abnormalities may also occur in DBA.
Infection can also be caused by other Actinomyces species, as well as Propionibacterium propionicus, which presents similar symptoms.
The edges of the lesion are typically abrupt and the lesion changes with time.
Impetigo is a bacterial infection that involves the superficial skin.
It can affect a small portion of the vulva or vagina or be felt all over the surface.
In certain persons, the condition may be triggered by exposure to aromatic hydrocarbons or ingestion of halogens.
It originally was linked to a unique, rare, behavioral/mental neuroleptic drug-induced tardive syndrome observed in psychiatric patients treated with the typical antipsychotic drugs or neuroleptics.
Hypertensive leukoencephalopathy refers to a degeneration of the white matter of the brain following a sudden increase in blood pressure.
Common causes include poor absorption from the stomach or intestines, decreased intake, and increased requirements.
A demyelinating disease is any disease of the nervous system in which the myelin sheath of neurons is damaged.
Retrobulbar neuritis, an inflamed optic nerve, but with a normal-appearing nerve head, is associated with pain and the other findings of papillitis.
Often the nose, cheeks, and forehead, and chin are most involved.
Treatments may include observation, surgery, radiation, chemotherapy, or stem cell transplantation.
Twin Anemia-Polycythemia Sequence, abbreviated as TAPS, is a form of chronic inter-twin transfusion.
Rates of volvulus in the United States are about 2–3 per 100,000 people per year.
In those who have a severe penicillin allergy, doxycycline or tetracycline may be used.
Moreover, in mites, the adult and the larval forms both feed on other animals.
This results in problems inclusive of but not restricted to vitamin B12 deficiency, fat malabsorption and steatorrhea, fat-soluble vitamin deficiencies and intestinal wall injury.
Familial partial lipodystrophy, also known as Köbberling–Dunnigan syndrome, is a rare genetic metabolic condition characterized by the loss of subcutaneous fat.
Ureteritis is a medical condition of the ureter that involves inflammation.
Post-mature births can carry risks for both the mother and the infant, including fetal malnutrition.
The word tibovirus is sometimes used to more specifically describe viruses transmitted by ticks, a superorder within the arthropods.
Trigonitis is a condition of inflammation of the trigone region of the bladder.
The elevated mood is significant and is known as mania or hypomania, depending on its severity, or whether symptoms of psychosis are present.
Nausea, vomiting, and severe abdominal pain may occur with a strangulated hernia.
Specifically, it is an aggressive malignant neoplasm that arises from primitive transformed cells of mesenchymal origin and that exhibits osteoblastic differentiation and produces malignant osteoid.
This is believed to occur mostly over relatively short distances.
It is not associated with an increased risk of breast cancer.
Comedocarcinoma has also been described as a histopathological type of Sebaceous carcinoma
Amelogenesis imperfecta presents with a rare abnormal formation of the enamel or external layer of the crown of teeth.
It is defined as type "M6" under the FAB classification.
The follicles are cytologically polymorphous, are often polarized, and vary in size and shape.
The DSM-5 categorizes BDD in the obsessive–compulsive spectrum, and distinguishes it from anorexia nervosa.
Unlike spastic or ataxic cerebral palsies, ADCP is characterized by both hypertonia and hypotonia, due to the affected individual's inability to control muscle tone.
In a 1991 study, triazolam had the highest self-administration rate in cocaine trained baboons, among the five benzodiazepines examined: alprazolam, bromazepam, chlordiazepoxide, lorazepam, triazolam.
A galactosemic cataract is cataract which is associated with the consequences of galactosemia.
Renal cortical necrosis is a rare cause of acute kidney failure.
It is considered by many doctors to be a precursor to osteoporosis.
It was characterized in 1984 and 1988.
This condition, as a constellation of findings, is called congestive heart failure.
The three types of macrodontia are true generalized macrodontia, relative generalized macrodontia, and macrodontia of a single tooth.
Unlike most non-Hodgkin lymphomas, CTCL is caused by a mutation of T cells.
While acute viral diseases come on quickly, chronic viral conditions have long incubation periods inside the body.
Treatment is carried out to improve symptoms.
Common hyperthyroid symptoms include irritability, weight loss, fast heartbeat, heat intolerance, diarrhea, and enlargement of the thyroid.
Symptoms range from a minor nuisance to interfering with eating and drinking.
At least an additional 530 million people have genital herpes and 290 million women have human papillomavirus.
However, the injury can also occur by itself; when it does, it does not present a significant threat to life.
Humans can suffer from flea bites and, depending on a variety of factors, the bites can cause much pain and discomfort.
The Sin Nombre virus is the prototypical etiologic agent of hantavirus cardiopulmonary syndrome.
Peanut allergy is a type of food allergy to peanuts.
But if this separation is not complete, i.e.
Inflammation of both the stomach and small intestine is referred to as gastroenteritis.
There are nine main categories of muscular dystrophy that contain more than thirty specific types.
Glanders is an infectious disease that occurs primarily in horses, mules, and donkeys.
Atypical antipsychotics may be useful when used in addition to an SSRI in treatment-resistant cases but are also associated with an increased risk of side effects.
Erythema is redness of the skin or mucous membranes, caused by hyperemia in superficial capillaries.
It can be confused with the peripheral ossifying fibroma.
The most common causes of the adenocarcinoma type are smoking tobacco, obesity, and acid reflux.
However, the condition often recurs following treatment.
Increta – chorionic villi invade into the myometrium.
People affected typically use a high amount of healthcare resources.
Studies of gene therapy are in early human trials.
Facial features frequently include a broad forehead, short nose, and full cheeks, an appearance that has been described as "elfin".
Hypercapnia normally triggers a reflex which increases breathing and access to oxygen, such as arousal and turning the head during sleep.
Brain ischemia is a condition in which there is insufficient blood flow to the brain to meet metabolic demand.
An muscle tissue neoplasm is a neoplasm derived from muscle.
The condition is usually managed by removal from the source of ultraviolet radiation, covering the corneas, and administration of pain relief.
ALD is caused by mutations in ABCD1, a gene located on the X chromosome that codes for ALD, a peroxisomal membrane transporter protein.
It becomes more common among older people and is very rare in children.
Mobitz II is caused by a sudden and unexpected failure of the His-Purkinje cells.
Possible benzodiazepines include intravenous lorazepam as well as intramuscular injections of midazolam.
They usually cause no symptoms except when ruptured.
Long term occurrence of synovitis can result in degeneration of the joint.
As of 2015 there were 940 million people with some degree of vision loss.
Curvature of the spine may be severe and can cause problems with breathing.
Between 0.2% and 1.2% of the population are affected, with half having the primary form and half the secondary form.
Common malignancies, such as breast, colon, and lung cancer, are almost always carcinoma.
It is also known in Latin America as the nigua and bicho de pie or bicho de pé, literally "foot bug".
Periodic fever syndromes are a set of disorders characterized by recurrent episodes of systemic and organ-specific inflammation.
The onset of the condition usually follows a viral infection; several different viruses have been observed to trigger KLS.
The name is derived from the temporary chubby-cheeked resemblance to putti, often confused with cherubs, in Renaissance paintings.
Femoral hernias are more common in adults than in children.
In sideroblastic anemia, the body has iron available but cannot incorporate it into hemoglobin, which red blood cells need in order to transport oxygen efficiently.
In humans, scaphocephaly is a form of dolichocephaly.
The balance of benefits versus harms of breast cancer screening is controversial.
They are macrocystic lymphatic malformations, large cysts, and microcystic, small cysts.
It slowly spreads throughout the body, and is most common in males.
A variety of treatments have been used, but none have been especially effective.
Initial signs and symptoms typically include fever, often greater than 40 °C, cough, runny nose, and inflamed eyes.
Its name is a French term referring to the characteristic cat-like cry of affected children.
High-quality evidence for the effectiveness of alternative medicine has not been found.
It is characterized by a flat spot on the back or one side of the head caused by remaining in a supine position for too long.
Acute pancreatitis was first described on autopsy in 1882 while chronic pancreatitis was first described in 1946.
The head may be affected, but this is typically only in young children.
The disease is named after Dr. Georg Ledderhose, a German surgeon who described the condition for the first time in 1894.
It is the most common inherited disorder of lipid metabolism affecting the skeletal muscle of adults.
All other presentations are abnormal which are either more difficult to deliver or not deliverable by natural means.
Foodborne botulism happens when food containing the toxin is eaten.
The antibiotic rifampin may also be used to prevent the disease among those who have been exposed to the disease and are at high risk.
One nerve continues to the heel, the other two continue on to the bottom of the foot.
Cavitary pneumonia is a disease in which the normal lung architecture is replaced by a cavity.
Narcotic dermopathy is a skin condition caused by the injection of drugs intravenously, resulting in thrombosed, cordlike, thickened veins at the site of injection.
Prions were initially identified as the causative agent in animal TSEs derived from scrapie in sheep and later bovine spongiform encephalopathy—known popularly as "mad cow disease".
Blindness resulting from corneal ulceration and scarring, and limb deformities due to arthritis and osteomyelitis were less common complications, seen in about 2–5 percent of cases.
Netherton syndrome is a severe, autosomal recessive form of ichthyosis associated with mutations in the SPINK5 gene.
Tentative evidence supports certain probiotics for the baby and a low-allergen diet by the mother in those who are breastfed.
Vaccinations were held in all comprehensive schools in Powys.
Boggy tissue has a high fluid level that results in a spongy feeling.
VACTERL association, however, is most likely caused by multiple factors.
Acquired racquet nail is associated with acroosteolysis and psoriatic arthropathy.
There are different types of post-traumatic osteoarthritis.
VC may grow large in size, resulting in the destruction of adjacent tissue, such as bone and cartilage.
Without treatment, about half of people with type A die within three days and about 10% of people with type B die within a month.
Acute disease often presents with sudden severe pain.
Phthisis bulbi is a shrunken, non-functional eye.
Iron-deficiency anemia is anemia caused by a lack of iron.
Generally speaking, emotional dysregulation has been defined as difficulties in controlling the influence of emotional arousal on the organization and quality of thoughts, actions, and interactions.
Multiple sclerosis is the most common autoimmune disorder affecting the central nervous system.
Less common types include mucinous cystic neoplasm and intraductal papillary biliary neoplasm.
They are, however, clinically and histologically distinct from Trichilemmal Horns, which are much more rare and not limited to the scalp.
It is most often identified on X-ray films of the bones.
It can appear with or without mosaicism.
About 1 per 100,000 people per year are newly affected.
Attempts to block toxin production with antibacterials which target the ribosomal protein synthesis are conceptually more attractive.
It should be distinguished from other forms of prostatitis such as acute bacterial prostatitis and chronic pelvic pain syndrome.
The disease is caused by Rickettsia rickettsii, a species of bacterium that is spread to humans by Dermacentor ticks.
Signs of puberty can develop as early as an age of 1 year.
The cause is still unknown, although it has been associated with several infectious causes, including paratyphoid fever, cytomegalovirus, Mycoplasma pneumoniae and Epstein-Barr virus infection
The severity of each case is determined by the number of cells with this extra copy.
Transplant rejection occurs when transplanted tissue is rejected by the recipient's immune system, which destroys the transplanted tissue.
Rarely, affected individuals may have more serious medical problems including seizures, mental retardation, and developmental delay.
Globally about 106 million cases of chlamydia and 106 million cases of gonorrhea occurred in 2008.
The disease is common in the Western world and uncommon in Africa and Asia.
Villaret's syndrome combines ipsilateral paralysis of the last four cranial nerves and Horner syndrome.
Syphilis is a sexually transmitted infection caused by the bacterium Treponema pallidum subspecies pallidum.
In more severe cases a scarring or a circle may be seen within the cornea.
Noonan syndrome is a relatively common autosomal dominant congenital disorder and is named after Jacqueline Noonan, a pediatric cardiologist.
People usually do not get the disease more than once.
A quit smoking program may improve one’s chance for success in quitting nicotine.
Four main hypotheses have been proposed for the cellular origins of carcinosarcoma, based largely on the pathology of the disease.
It is not typically spread between people.
Metastasis is a key element in cancer staging systems such as the TNM staging system, where it represents the "M".
This may also occur through contact with an item recently contaminated with bodily fluids.
In conventional medical usage, the word neuropathy without modifier usually means peripheral neuropathy.
Sources of blood loss can include heavy periods, childbirth, uterine fibroids, stomach ulcers, colon cancer, and urinary tract bleeding.
Seizures in FCD are likely causes by abnormal circuitry induced by the presence of CDNs and BCs.
A number of different disorders may cause polyneuropathy, including diabetes and some types of Guillain–Barré syndrome.
and, as of 2011, there have been 27 cases reported worldwide.
Clinical symptoms are heterogeneous, ranging from the rapidly fatal, perinatal variant, with profound skeletal hypomineralization and respiratory compromise, to a milder, progressive osteomalacia later in life.
It is usually a menstrual disorder, although abnormal bleeding from the uterus is possible outside of menstruation.
Diagnosis requires a consistent pattern of emotional and physical symptoms occurring after ovulation and before menstruation to a degree that interferes with normal life.
22q13 deletion syndrome) is a genetic disorder caused by deletions or rearrangements on the q terminal end of chromosome 22.
In the process of morphogenesis focuses PVL pass through three stages: 1) necrosis, 2) resorption, and 3) the formation gliosis scars or cysts.
A traumatic neuroma is a type of neuroma which results from trauma to a nerve, usually during a surgical procedure.
Battered person syndrome is a physical and psychological condition of a person who has suffered emotional, physical, or sexual abuse from another person.
Postorgasmic illness syndrome is a syndrome in which men have severe cognitive and physical symptoms immediately following ejaculation in the absence of a local genital reaction.
It is the body's preparation for real labor.
It is hereditary and sex-linked, predominantly affecting males.
The rats were shipped from Texas to an Illinois distributor, who housed them with prairie dogs.
While most individuals are exposed to the fungi on a regular basis, those with immune disorders are more prone to fungal infection.
Blepharophimosis is a congenital condition characterized by a horizontally narrow palpebral fissure.
If untreated, it may result in cancers such as intestinal lymphoma and a slight increased risk of early death.
A diagnosis can be made based on results of several assessments.
Anemia that comes on quickly often has greater symptoms including: confusion, feeling like one is going to pass out, and increased thirst.
Podoconiosis, also known as nonfilarial elephantiasis, is a disease of the lymph vessels of the lower extremities that is caused by chronic exposure to irritant soils.
Menopause typically occurs between 49 and 52 years of age.
Traumatic purpura is a skin condition resulting from trauma which produces ecchymoses of bizarre shapes suggestive of abuse.
If strangulation occurs immediate surgery is required.
In some children, it is not noticeable, aside from fast breathing.
It is often accompanied by testicular pain.
As a result, the floor of the pulp and the furcation of the tooth is moved apically down the root.
In the United States, appendicitis is the most common cause of sudden abdominal pain requiring surgery.
Rates in most of the developing world are unclear.
It is one of the most painful conditions and can result in depression.
While most literature so far focuses on European, American, and Japanese populations, HCM appears in all ethnic groups.
Hypocementosis is a reduction in the amount of cementum on a tooth root.
Recovery generally takes two to seven days.
It was first clearly characterized by F.M.
Prevention is by neuromuscular training and core strengthening.
However, half of cases are not associated with one of these risks.
In severe cases, it may be necessary to stretch the esophagus with an endoscopy procedure.
CDD has some similarity to autism, and is sometimes considered a low-functioning form of it.
As is the case with all pervasive developmental disorder categories, there is considerable controversy about the right treatment for CDD.
The inhalation or exposure to hot gaseous products of combustion can cause serious respiratory complications.
Still, French ophthalmologist Albert Terson's name is more commonly associated with the condition after a report by his hand from 1900.
The condition has been linked with genetic mutations in genes that code for certain ion channels that transport electrolytes across cell membranes.
Efforts to prevent poisoning include child-resistant packaging and a lower number of pills per bottle.
Claudication is most common in the calves but it can also affect the feet, thighs, hips, buttocks, or arms.
The disease is also known by the Latin names variola or variola vera, derived from varius or varus.
It usually occurs through infection of the unhealed umbilical stump, particularly when the stump is cut with a non-sterile instrument.
Fluorescent angiography, ERG, and color vision tests are important tools to help facilitate diagnosis in early stages.
Although the term cyst is often used to refer to these lesions, mucoceles are not strictly speaking true cysts because there is no epithelial lining.
Most great imitators are systemic in nature.
Women who have had pre-eclampsia are at increased risk of heart disease and stroke later in life.
An updated clinical review on storage in different tissues describes a pattern of storage in the Reticuloendothelial System and also the skin.
Fibrothorax is diffuse fibrosis of the pleural space surrounding the lungs.
In later stages it can lead to difficulty urinating, blood in the urine, or pain in the pelvis, back or when urinating.
Antibiotic ointment is typically applied to the newborn's eyes within 1 hour of birth as prevention against gonococcal ophthalmia.
They are all caused by bacteria of the genus Rickettsia.
This milk-induced allergic reaction can involve anaphylaxis, a potentially life-threatening condition.
Since the symptoms vary, there are multiple treatment options to treat the symptoms for this non-curable disease.
It is characterized by the replacement of the normal stratified squamous epithelium lining of the esophagus by simple columnar epithelium with goblet cells.
Restrictive cardiomyopathy may be caused by amyloidosis, hemochromatosis, and some cancer treatments.
Increasingly, research is finding that diseases thought to be diseases of affluence also appear in large part in the poor.
The bleeding may be brisk, and patients may soon develop shock.
It is generally corrected by an increase of magnesium in diet, oral supplements, and in severe cases, intravenous supplementation.
About 90% of cases occur in children less than 5 years old and it is rare in adults.
In latent syphilis, which can last for years, there are few or no symptoms.
Bone marrow testing is the most accurate.
Often blood transfusions are not recommended unless the hemoglobin is less than 70 or 80 g/L.
Venous ulcer, a wound thought to occur due to improper functioning of valves in the veins
In the Medicare population, 65% of patients have two or more chronic illnesses.
When the disease is very severe it may cause hydrops fetalis or stillbirth.
Genetic mutations, chromosomal abnormalities, and prenatal environment can all cause anophthalmia.
BENTA disease is a rare genetic disorder of the immune system.
Lordosis in the human spine makes it easier for humans to bring the bulk of their mass over the pelvis.
Additional symptoms may include fluctuations in alertness, visual hallucinations, slowness of movement, trouble walking, and rigidity.
Hypoplasia can be present in any tissue or organ.
Thiamine deficiency can cause beriberi and Wernicke–Korsakoff syndrome.
It may be classified as seborrhoeic, staphylococcal, mixed, posterior or meibomitis, or parasitic.
Harlequin-type ichthyosis is due to mutations of the ABCA12 genes.
As it expands outward from the growth plate, the cartilage mineralizes and hardens to become bone.
High dose steroids may be used to help reduce swelling and decrease symptoms.
During periods of depression, there may be crying, a negative outlook on life, and poor eye contact with others.
Endaural phenomena need to be distinguished from otoacoustic emissions, in which a person's ear emits sounds.
It is characterized by the presence of a hydatidiform mole.
If not treated within six hours, permanent muscle or nerve damage can result.
This collagen scar tissue alignment is usually of inferior functional quality to the normal collagen randomised alignment.
It is still one of the five most common causes of hospital-acquired infections and is often the cause of wound infections following surgery.
Most recent research is targeted at creating inhibitors to reduce the mutational pathway that causes megalencephaly.
This is often due to low blood pressure from fluid loss, and typically follows six to sixteen days after symptoms appear.
Nutritional anemia is caused by a lack of iron, protein, B12, and other vitamins and minerals that needed for the formation of hemoglobin.
People who work in flocking are at risk of inhaling the small fibers, which causes interstitial lung disease.
The cells which constitute the tumor eventually undergo metaplasia, followed by dysplasia then anaplasia, resulting in a malignant phenotype.
Webbed toes is the common name for syndactyly affecting the feet.
In those with other health problems, pneumonia may occasionally develop.
Sternal fractures may also occur as a pathological fracture, in people who have weakened bone in their sternum, due to another disease process.
Smokeless tobacco keratosis is a condition which develops on the oral mucosa in response to smokeless tobacco use.
In the United States 5-year survival is 28% while in South Korea it is over 65% partly due to screening efforts.
For example, the most common type of breast cancer is called ductal carcinoma of the breast.
Symptoms of prolactinoma are too much prolactin in the blood, or those caused by pressure of the tumor on surrounding tissues.
Many can be slowed by medical therapy.
Adrenocortical carcinoma has often invaded nearby tissues or metastasized to distant organs at the time of diagnosis, and the overall 5-year survival rate is only 20–35%.
Some infants, children, and adults die, others remain totally disabled, and an even larger population is partially disabled, functioning well below normal capacity throughout life.
In some areas, infections may be present in as many as 60–90% of children.
Severe cases may be treated with blood transfusions or iron injections.
Symptoms of a PE may include shortness of breath, chest pain particularly upon breathing in, and coughing up blood.
Fibromas are benign tumors that are composed of fibrous or connective tissue.
VCD is characterized by full or partial vocal fold closure that usually occurs for short periods during inhalation but can also occur during exhalation.
Fructose malabsorption is not to be confused with hereditary fructose intolerance, a potentially fatal condition in which the liver enzymes that break up fructose are deficient.
It is also called pelvic organ prolapse or prolapse of the uterus.
The diagnosis of SBP requires paracentesis from the abdominal cavity.
The use of sunscreen is typically recommended.
While the clinical presentation, patient characteristics and blood test markers of inflammation can raise suspicion, only a temporal artery biopsy can give definite diagnosis.
This may include feeling tired, abdominal pain, or nausea.
It is typically not a stable rhythm, and often degenerates into atrial fibrillation.
It appears as a symmetrical rash and may include the mucous membrane lesions.
The National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke is currently "conducting and supporting research on normal and abnormal brain and nervous system development."
The condition normally gets better by itself with most achieving normal or near-normal function.
Evidence is poor for SSRIs, propranolol, and muscle relaxants.
This may result in vomiting or feeling faint.
L. loa causes Loa loa filariasis, while O. volvulus causes river blindness.
Achondroplasia is a common cause of dwarfism.
AML is treated initially with chemotherapy aimed at inducing remission; people may go on to receive additional chemotherapy or a hematopoietic stem cell transplant.
An ovarian cyst is a fluid-filled sac within the ovary.
If treated late, palliative care may be advised.
They are medically significant in that they may result in interpretation errors in diagnostic imaging or continued symptoms after therapeutic splenectomy.
Risk factors include conditions that result in less saliva such as: diabetes mellitus, Sjogren's syndrome and some medications.
Infectious disease, also known as transmissible disease or communicable disease, is illness resulting from an infection.
A second case was identified in 1992.
A broader definition of ecchymosis is the escape of blood into the tissues from ruptured blood vessels.
Often, the word refers to an increased neutrophil granulocyte count, as neutrophils are the main granulocytes.
However, fusion can also be the union of a normal tooth bud to a supernumerary tooth germ.
In addition to trauma, axonal spheroids can be found in aged brain, stroke, and in other degenerative diseases.
People show visible folds, ridges or creases on the surface of the top of the scalp.
Early symptoms are uncommon, but in the first year of life include increased 'work of breathing' and poor weight gain.
Mild cases may only require rest and icing of the knee.
Raveenthiran described a triad which may be useful in preoperative diagnosis.
In a healthy, normal human being, the damage is first excised by endonucleases.
The disorder was formerly thought to be an extreme case of caudal regression syndrome; however, it was reclassified to be considered a separate condition.
Symptomatic vasospasm or delayed cerebral ischemia is a major contributor to post-operative stroke and death especially after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage.
It is difficult to distinguish alcoholic FLD from nonalcoholic FLD, and both show microvesicular and macrovesicular fatty changes at different stages.
The most common areas in which it occurs are the pelvis, the femur, the humerus, the ribs and clavicle.
It can also be thought as nonpitting edema, in contrast to pitting edema.
Dyslexia, also known as reading disorder, is characterized by trouble with reading despite normal intelligence.
The exact role of Mycoplasma hominis in regards to a number of conditions related to pregnant women and their offspring is controversial.
Acute episodes due to SPCD are often preceded by metabolic stress such as extended fasting, infections or vomiting.
This may last several weeks after drug use is discontinued.
A control investigation confirmed the farm as the source of the outbreak.
The Centers for Disease Control has set the upper limit for blood lead for adults at 10 µg/dl and for children at 5 µg/dl.
Additional causes can be attributed to excessive abdominal exercises after the first trimester of pregnancy.
It is most commonly associated with tuberous sclerosis complex.
Epithelial tissue can be derived embryologically from any of the germ layers.
SCSFLS was first described by German neurologist Georg Schaltenbrand in 1938 and by American physician Henry Woltman of the Mayo Clinic in the 1950s.
A person with a parent or sibling with alcoholism is three to four times more likely to be alcoholic themselves.
Breathing devices include the use of a CPAP machine.
Unlike other types of cancer, there is no test that determines benign from malignant tumors; long-term followup is therefore recommended for all individuals with paraganglioma.
It is more common among certain ethnic groups such as indigenous people.
Pseudo-Hurler polydystrophy, also referred to as mucolipidosis III, is a lysosomal storage disease closely related to I-cell disease.
Genetic factors include a variety of common and rare genetic variants.
MC is caused by a poxvirus called the molluscum contagiosum virus.
About 10 to 15% of people in the developed world are believed to be affected by IBS.
It is often confused with ocular migraine, which originates in the eyeball or socket.
Hypoplasia is a congenital condition, while hyperplasia generally refers to excessive cell growth later in life.
Tumors of endocrine tissues may overproduce certain hormones, especially when the cells are well differentiated.
The sudden onset of hyperosmolar hyperglycemic state may occur; however, ketoacidosis is uncommon.
Amenorrhoea, amenorrhea, or amenorrhœa, is the absence of a menstrual period in a woman of reproductive age.
Although the trachea is usually considered part of the lower respiratory tract, in ICD-10 tracheitis is classified under "acute upper respiratory infections".
Individuals with costochondritis are typically instructed to avoid strenuous physical activity to prevent the onset of an attack.
Zygomycosis type infections are most often caused by common fungi found in soil and decaying vegetation.
Appropriate palliative care may be able to increase quality of life and extend lifespan.
It can appear similar to chronic granulomatous disease on some screening tests.
A chorangioma is a non-neoplastic, hamartoma-like growth in the placenta consisting of blood vessels.
The branch of medicine that focuses on infections is referred to as infectious disease.
10–15 percent die before reaching a hospital.
Cerebral edema is excess accumulation of fluid in the intracellular or extracellular spaces of the brain.
As females have two X chromosomes, a defect in one is typically compensated for by the other, while males only have one X chromosome.
Scleroderma-like reaction to taxanes may occur in patients treated with docetaxel or paclitaxel, characterized by an acute, diffuse, infiltrated edema of the extremities and head.
There are also non-familial cases of hemiplegic migraine, termed sporadic hemiplegic migraine.
Those of Asian descent are more commonly affected.
Other high grade carcinomas can mimic SDC.
According to the Texas Department of Insurance, fraud that includes malingering costs the U.S. insurance industry approximately $150 billion each year.
Insulin resistance may also develop in patients who have recently experienced abdominal or bariatric procedures.
On some occasions, two independent pulp chambers and root canals can be seen.
A lack of dietary iron is estimated to cause approximately half of all anemia cases globally.
Infectious prions are misfolded proteins that can cause normally folded proteins to become misfolded.
The study of, and therapeutic interventions in, such disorders is called rheumatology.
Guillain–Barré syndrome is a rapid-onset muscle weakness caused by the immune system damaging the peripheral nervous system.
The bump itself is partly due to the swollen bursal sac or an osseous anomaly on the metatarsophalangeal joint.
An estimated 4,400 to 200,000 people die from it each year.
Vaccination is recommended by the World Health Organization in the first day of life if possible.
It is usually considered a unilateral condition.
As a result of widespread vaccination, the disease was eliminated from the Americas by 2016.
The CSF is examined in a medical laboratory.
It is called SJS when less than 10% of the skin is involved and an intermediate form with 10 to 30% involvement.
The main causes can either be complete vaginal hypoplasia, or a vaginal obstruction, often caused by an imperforate hymen or, less commonly, a transverse vaginal septum.
The difficulties are involuntary and people with this disorder have a normal desire to learn.
Harlequin-type ichthyosis is a genetic disorder which results in thickened skin over nearly the entire body at birth.
Due to the variable presentation, a diagnosis can often take some time to reach.
GA1 causes secondary carnitine deficiency, as glutaric acid, like other organic acids, is detoxified by carnitine.
It can also, both in adults and children, make intubation difficult, either during anesthesia or in emergency situations.
All of these issues can arise from lying in the supine position during late pregnancy which can cause compression of the inferior vena cava.
There is no specific treatment and medical efforts are supportive.
Paronychia is commonly misapplied as a synonym for whitlow or felon.
Mycosis fungoides, a type of skin lymphoma, may be a cause of PVA.
About 1% of couples trying to have children are affected by recurrent miscarriage.
Tension headache, also known as tension-type headache, is the most common type of primary headache.
Collagenous colitis is an inflammatory bowel disease affecting the colon specifically with peak incidence in the 5th decade of life, affecting women more than men.
It is usually defined as a head circumference more than two standard deviations below the mean for age and sex.
Diagnosis is typically based on a person's signs and symptom.
The term cataplexy originates from the Greek κατά, and πλῆξις.
Major depression should be differentiated from sadness which is a normal part of life and is less severe.
TSEs are unique diseases in that their aetiology may be genetic, sporadic, or infectious via ingestion of infected foodstuffs and via iatrogenic means.
Signs and symptoms include a deep reddening of the skin, warmth, lymphadenitis, and a raised border around the affected area.
In males, it is most closely associated with delayed ejaculation.
In 2015, Down syndrome was present in 5.4 million individuals and resulted in 27,000 deaths down from 43,000 deaths in 1990.
Urticaria pigmentosa ) is the most common form of cutaneous mastocytosis.
Evidence for yoga, acupuncture, and massage is insufficient.
The study was conceived by Professor Robert Turner at Oxford University in 1976, conducted in the UK in 1977-1997, and published main results in 1998.
About 1% of school-age children and adolescents have Tourette's.
The coughing may last for 10 or more weeks, hence the phrase "100-day cough".
Despite its name, struma ovarii is not restricted to the ovary.
It does not spread via common items like toilet seats.
Open surgical drainage of fluid though effective in preventing cardiac tamponade was associated with more deaths.
It should be differentiated from Crouzon syndrome.
A blurred or gray spot in the central visual field is common when the retina is detached.
Gingival enlargement can be caused by a number of factors, including inflammatory conditions and the side effects of certain medications.
In those who are breast fed, continued breastfeeding is recommended.
HPV6 and HPV11 are common causes of genital warts and laryngeal papillomatosis.
Because this event is most prevalent during anaphase, the term anaphase bridge is often used as a substitute.
Examples include the absence of a cervix and upper vagina or abnormalities of the uterus or vagina.
The risk of problems depends on the amount consumed and the frequency of consumption as well as when during pregnancy the alcohol is consumed.
MS takes several forms, with new symptoms either occurring in isolated attacks or building up over time.
The bacteria are usually spread by people coughing or sneezing.
Lactose intolerance is different from a milk allergy.
The enzymes include proteases, hydrolytic enzymes that cleave lipids, and amylase to digest starches.
They resulted in 267,500 deaths in 2015 down from 327,000 deaths in 1990.
People with this condition have an increased risk of developing noncancerous and cancerous tumors, leukemia, and lymphoma.
an overriding aorta, which allows blood from both ventricles to enter the aorta
Rare causes include arsenic ingestion, and the condition can also be idiopathic.
Mycoplasma species are the smallest bacterial cells yet discovered, can survive without oxygen, and come in various shapes.
It occurs most often in adults in their thirties; it has been described congenitally, in children, and the elderly.
Identification of sensorineural hearing loss is usually made by performing a pure tone audiometry in which bone conduction thresholds are measured.
Currently, there is no vaccine for WNV.
Nephromegaly is the process whereby a kidney or both kidneys become enlarged.
About 20% of people get infected again within three months of treatment.
Several cases have been reported after strenuous exercise.
An exception is when acute bronchitis is due to pertussis.
Kohlschütter-Tönz syndrome, also called Amelo-cerebro-hypohidrotic syndrome is a rare inherited syndrome characterized by epilepsy, dementia, intellectual disability, and yellow teeth caused by amelogenesis imperfecta.
One common method involves the use of benzodiazepine medications, such as diazepam.
The clinical result is a rise in blood K+ level and drop of blood Na+ levels
Typically, the neuralgia is confined to a dermatomic area of the skin, and follows an outbreak of herpes zoster in that same dermatomic area.
It is most commonly a sequela of osteogenesis imperfecta, Pagets disease, osteomyelitis, tumour and tumour-like conditions.
Common symptoms are tiredness, itching and, in more advanced cases, jaundice.
With an ageing population and the widespread use of anticoagulant medications, there is evidence that this historically benign condition is becoming more common and more serious.
It is present at birth but then fades; however, it is quite commonly present in the elderly.
Symptoms include cravings for nicotine, anger/irritability, anxiety, depression, impatience, trouble sleeping, restlessness, hunger or weight gain, and difficulty concentrating.
It is an autosomal recessive disorder caused by a mutation in the DβH gene, which results in the production of a nonfunctional dopamine β-hydroxylase enzyme.
These myoclonic twitches, jerks, or seizures are usually caused by sudden muscle contractions or brief lapses of contraction.
It can also be acquired through fracture or other trauma.
Other names include "infantile eczema", "flexural eczema", "prurigo Besnier", "allergic eczema", and "neurodermatitis".
The incidence of head injury is 1.7 million people in the United States alone each year, with about 3% of these incidents leading to death.
The age of onset ranges from 6 to greater than 70 years old, with a mean of 35 years.
In most cases, the specific reason that exercise is not tolerated is of considerable significance when trying to isolate the cause down to a specific disease.
The best way to prevent trichinellosis is to fully cook meat.
The disease presents as numerous pin-head vesicles, which rupture rapidly to form painful irregular ulcerations covered by yellow–grey membranes.
Hypoalbuminemia may cause generalized edema via a decrease in oncotic pressure.
Spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia congenita is a subtype of collagenopathy, types II and XI.
Lacerations require greater physical force to cause than contusions, but the two types of injury are grouped together in the ICD-9 and ICD-10 classification systems.
Because dogs may also become infected, the eradication program is monitoring and treating dogs as well.
Myelokathexis is amongst the diseases treated with bone marrow transplantation and cord blood stem cells.
Some cases may be cured by removing the adenoma by surgery.
Monocytic leukemia is a type of myeloid leukemia characterized by a dominance of monocytes in the marrow.
Torsion dystonia, also known as dystonia musculorum deformans, is a disease characterized by painful muscle contractions resulting in uncontrollable distortions.
Trichofolliculoma is a cutaneous condition characterized by a benign, highly structured tumor of the pilosebaceous unit.
Traumatic spondylopathy is a form of dorsopathy.
In 2015 they were present in 48.9 million people globally.
Chondrosarcoma is a cancer composed of cells derived from transformed cells that produce cartilage.
Often symptoms are present for around six days.
Fistulas are usually caused by injury or surgery, but they can also result from an infection or inflammation.
The constriction at the amelocemental junction is usually reduced or absent.
Plasma exchange offers a controversial but possibly helpful treatment.
The body produces insulin when glucose starts to be released into the bloodstream from the digestion of carbohydrates in the diet.
Prevention of cystic disease is by treating dogs that may carry the disease and vaccination of sheep.
Furthermore, the diagnosis of anorexia nervosa takes precedence over that of bulimia.
Diagnosis is by collecting a sample from the back of the nose and throat.
Often patients with this condition are symptomatic.
In some areas of South America, Africa, and Asia up to 10% of the certain populations are affected.
For dry eyes artificial tears, medications to reduce inflammation, punctal plugs, or surgery to shut the tear ducts, may be tried.
Therefore, it is considered an important condition, despite its rarity.
Mendelson's syndrome is chemical pneumonitis or aspiration pneumonitis caused by aspiration during anaesthesia, especially during pregnancy.
A tophus is a deposit of uric acid crystals, in the form of monosodium urate crystals, in people with longstanding hyperuricemia.
Cystinosis was the first documented genetic disease belonging to the group of lysosomal storage disease disorders.
This chronic neurological disorder involves a single nerve—the lateral cutaneous nerve of thigh, which is also called the lateral femoral cutaneous nerve.
About 10% of those who are infected die.
Symptoms can vary from none to life-threatening.
Most adenomas are benign, approximately 35% are invasive and just 0.1% to 0.2 are carcinomas.
The stomach often dilates to accommodate food intake and secretions.
NOMID has been successfully treated with the drug anakinra.
When MTC occurs by itself it is termed sporadic MTC.
A fecal occult blood test checks for hidden blood in the stool.
Pregnant women with Eisenmenger syndrome should be hospitalized after the 20th week of pregnancy - or earlier if clinical deterioration occurs.
These TSI antibodies cause the thyroid gland to produce excess thyroid hormone.
A pseudoallergy is a condition named for its similar presentation to a true allergy, though due to different causes.
The majority of people with early-onset Alzheimer's are in their fifties or early sixties.
The slowed heart rate results from unopposed vagal activity and has been found to be exacerbated by hypoxia and endobronchial suction.
The rash is not as bright as that of measles and is sometimes itchy.
Early identification of joint changes is the best way to limit morbidity.
Complex regional pain syndrome, also known as reflex sympathetic dystrophy, is a long term pain syndrome that often worsens with time.
Both forms may occur in the same person.
Ventricular aneurysms are one of the many complications that may occur after a heart attack.
Another typical finding is increased blood lymphocytes of which more than 10% are atypical.
Benzodiazepines are one of the more common prescription drugs used recreationally.
Diagnosis is most frequent among those 55 to 65 years old.
When associated with Acanthamoeba, it is also known as "cutaneous acanthamoebiasis".
Initial treatment focuses on resuscitation which may include intravenous fluids and blood transfusions.
Signs of folate deficiency are often subtle.
Many genes of small effect contribute to risk.
Rarely, atrophy of the choriocapillaris and larger choroidal vessels is seen in patients at an early stage.
From a histological perspective, DPN resembles seborrheic keratoses.
Most medical conditions can have systemic sequelae, but multiple abnormalities occur when the effects on multiple systems is immediately obvious.
Hymenolepiasis is infestation by one of two species of tapeworm: Hymenolepis nana or H. diminuta.
Tarlov cysts often enlarge over time, especially if the sac has a check valve type opening.
These difficulties affect several different areas of an ADHD adult's life, causing emotional, social, vocational, marital, legal, financial and/or academic problems.
Periodontitis is caused by microorganisms that adhere to and grow on the tooth's surfaces, along with an over-aggressive immune response against these microorganisms.
Most of these genes are ion channels with the one non-ion channel gene having been shown to affect ion channel currents.
Glycogen storage disease type V is a metabolic disorder, more specifically a glycogen storage disease, caused by a deficiency of myophosphorylase.
Hemiplegia is, in its most severe form, complete paralysis of half of the body.
About half of germ cell tumors of the testicles are seminomas.
Thrombocytosis is the presence of high platelet counts in the blood, and can be either primary or reactive.
Haemophilia A affects about 1 in 5,000–10,000, while haemophilia B affects about 1 in 40,000, males at birth.
The treatment may consist of fluid intake restriction, various medicines, and management of the underlying cause.
Subacute bacterial endocarditis is a type of endocarditis.
Osteosclerosis is a disorder that is characterized by abnormal hardening of bone and an elevation in bone density.
It seems that the 22q11.2 distal deletion can be "silent" and it is unknown how many people may have a silent form of this syndrome.
Some research suggests that certain genetic polymorphisms may be related to the development of EMS.
The clefts cause problems with facial muscle development.
It is due to a defect in the RUNX2 gene which is involved in bone formation.
Primordial dwarfism is a form of dwarfism that results in a smaller body size in all stages of life beginning from before birth.
Although not an abnormality, it is indistinguishable from early cervical cancer; therefore, further diagnostic studies must be performed for a differential diagnosis.
Some interventions can be quite simplistic, while others are intricate and complex.
Many people can eventually be restarted on a lower dose of antipsychotic.
Treatment requires the use of multiple antibiotics over a long period of time.
MERS-CoV is a betacoronavirus derived from bats.
This gene provides instructions for making a protein that is essential for the normal development of cartilage and for its conversion to bone.
In the testis it is extremely rare, and has not been reported to be malignant.
There is no known cure for multiple sclerosis.
PUPPP's occurs in about 1 in every 200 pregnancies and is not always easy to diagnose.
For discussion of the condition in horses, see Equine Lymphangitis.
Most women have no symptoms while others may have painful or heavy periods.
Most scorpion stings vary from small swelling to medically significant lesions in severity, with only a few able to cause severe allergic, neurotic or necrotic reactions.
For atrial fibrillation calcium channel blockers or beta blockers may be used.
Jervell and Lange-Nielsen syndrome is a type of long QT syndrome associated with severe, bilateral sensorineural hearing loss.
They are further divided into primary or secondary causes of impingement.
Normally, the forebrain is formed and the face begins to develop in the fifth and sixth weeks of human pregnancy.
The exact triggering mechanism for this disorder is still unknown, but is likely multifactorial.
The primary cause of gangrene is reduced blood supply to the affected tissues, which results in cell death.
Laryngotracheal stenosis refers to abnormal narrowing of the central air passageways.
The odontogenic myxoma is an uncommon benign odontogenic tumor arising from embryonic connective tissue associated with tooth formation.
In 2015 Nigeria had stopped the spread of wild poliovirus but it reoccurred in 2016.
Mental disorders diagnosed in childhood are divided into two categories: childhood disorders and learning disorders.
Such a wound is not technically a bite, as the forcipules are modified first pair of legs rather than true mouthparts.
Frontotemporal dementia and parkinsonism linked to chromosome 17
Treatment includes drinking fluids and a bland diet.
Around 85% of these occurred in the developing world.
It is the third most important food source in the tropics after rice and maize and is the staple food of tropical Africa.
Symptoms typically begin three to fourteen days after infection.
C. immitis is dormant during long dry spells, then develops as a mold with long filaments that break off into airborne spores when it rains.
In the absence of high quality evidence through clinical trials, patient management decisions are often based on technical factors, likely functional loss and patient preferences.
The condition, first described by Miller et al.
When the skin cells' DNA is overly damaged by UV radiation, type I cell-death is triggered and the skin is replaced.
Lifestyle changes include weight loss, decreased salt intake, physical exercise, and a healthy diet.
In 2015 about 60,800 people had mesothelioma and 32,000 died from the disease.
Osteoporosis is defined as a bone density of 2.5 standard deviations below that of a young adult.
Vitamin B12 deficiency is the medical condition of low blood levels of vitamin B12.
It may lead to the gross enlargement of an organ and the term is sometimes confused with benign neoplasia or benign tumor.
Screening is usually done by measuring the aldosterone-to-renin ratio in the blood with further testing used to confirm positive results.
Other abnormal mental symptoms in the early stages are, as a rule, absent.
The specific symptoms vary somewhat between people.
Some authors, however, disagree and feel that benzodiazepines retain their anxiolytic properties.
The suffix of the word, -emia, means 'in the blood'.
A shark attack is an attack on a human by a shark.
Aspermia is the complete lack of semen with ejaculation.
It occurs more commonly in children, and critically ill patients receiving catecholamines and glucocorticoids are at high risk.
There is no evidence of the degeneration of spinal motor neurons or muscle wasting that occurs in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Piebaldism is completely unrelated to acquired or infectious conditions such as vitiligo or poliosis.
On average, obese people have a greater energy expenditure than their thin counterparts due to the energy required to maintain an increased body mass.
Turner syndrome occurs in between one in 2000 and one in 5000 females at birth.
It is more likely to occur in diabetics, alcoholics, or those who are immune compromised.
They are common and may be benign, presenting in around 10–15% of healthy adults and young children.
Acute blood loss is usually associated with an incident of trauma or a severe injury resulting in a large loss of blood.
Activation of an endocytic pathway: The antibody activates a pathway which causes an internalization of desmogleïn 1, which in turn causes a loss of adhesion.
The mechanism involves an immune response by autoantibodies against a person's own tissues.
They account for 10 to 12 percent of all benign bone tumors.
The condition is diagnosed by a sweat test and genetic testing.
With the identification of a wide number of genetically and phenotypically distinct forms of CMT, the term HMSN is now used less frequently.
These underlying brain problems may include trauma, infections, or strokes among others.
Scraping the lesion can however result in scarring.
The origin of peroneal nerve palsy has been reported to be associated with musculoskeletal injury or isolated nerve traction and compression.
In December 2016, nusinersen became the first approved drug to treat SMA while several other compounds remain in clinical trials.
Lupus pernio is a chronic raised indurated lesion of the skin, often purplish in color.
In the world, approximately four times as many men as women stutter, encompassing 70 million people worldwide, or about 1% of the world's population.
In the most recent World Health Organization classification of hematologic malignancies, this group of diseases was renamed from "myeloproliferative diseases" to "myeloproliferative neoplasms".
Nitrogen dioxide is often released into the environment as a byproduct of fuel combustion but rarely released by spontaneous combustion.
Enterotoxemia is a condition induced by the absoption of large volumes of toxins produced by Clostridum perfringens from the intestines.
About two-thirds of cases run in families.
Fever and low energy may also be present.
If they have been damaged — from rheumatic fever, for example — the risk of bacterial attachment is increased.
Nimodipine, a calcium channel blocker, is frequently used to prevent vasospasm.
In humans, the upper end of the normal range is 360 µmol/L for women and 400 µmol/L for men.
Some people who have the syndrome can function in a normal way, while others have symptoms of mental retardation and various physical anomalies.
Minimal change disease is a disease affecting the kidneys which causes a nephrotic syndrome.
Treatment is by the timely correction of hormone deficiencies, and in many cases surgical decompression is required.
This herniation can interfere with breathing, and blood supply can be cut off to organs that herniate through the diaphragm, damaging them.
The behavior must not be due to the direct effects of a substance or another medical condition.
Visual deficits, such as agnosia, prosopagnosia or cortical blindness may be a product of ischemic damage to occipital lobe.
Keratitis–ichthyosis–deafness syndrome presents at birth/infancy and is characterized by pregressive corneal opacification, either mild generalized hyperkeratosis or discrete erythematous plaques, and neurosensory deafness.
Treatment of retinal detachment should be carried out in a timely manner.
Prevention includes not smoking, physical activity, and maintaining a healthy weight.
Juvenile pilocytic astrocytoma is associated with neurofibromatosis type 1, and optic gliomas are among the most frequently encountered tumors in patients with this disorder.
In Turkey for example about 2 per 1,000 are affected.
The fast pathway is usually located just superior and posterior to the AV node.
Initially a non-bloody diarrhea develops in patients after the bacterium attaches to the epithelium or the terminal ileum, cecum, and colon.
Occasionally throat or stool sample may be tested for the virus.
Trichinosis is a parasitic disease caused by roundworms of the Trichinella type.
It and its close relative Helicosporidium are unusual in that they are actually green algae that have become parasites.
The condition is named after the German physician Nikolaus Friedreich, who first described it in the 1860s.
It is a vasoproliferative manifestation of the infection characterized by 1–2 cm cutaneous nodules that are engorged with blood.
Today, this disease is most commonly related to some form of underlying malignancy.
An fMRI study of a subject with a supernumerary phantom left arm was done by Khateb et al.
The word is from Ancient Greek ἐγκέφαλος, enképhalos "brain", composed of ἐν, en, "in" and κεφαλή, kephalé, "head", and the medical suffix -itis "inflammation".
Exposure to microwaves of too high intensity can cause microwave burns.
Under certain circumstances, an adrenal crisis may occur with low blood pressure, vomiting, lower back pain, and loss of consciousness.
Currently, there is no cure for Urbach–Wiethe disease although there are ways to individually treat many of its symptoms.
It is characterized by atrophy in the frontal lobe and temporal lobe of the brain, with sparing of the parietal and occipital lobes.
Type 1: Roots are short, blunt and conical.
Due to compression of recurrent laryngeal nerve it can cause the hoarseness of the voice which is also one of the sign of the mitral stenosis.
The carrier rate among Ashkenazi Jews is 8.9% while the birth incidence is one in 450.
Impaired ability of damaged motor neurons to regulate descending pathways gives rise to disordered spinal reflexes, increased excitability of muscle spindles, and decreased synaptic inhibition.
The most common treatment for spasmodic torticollis is the use of botulinum toxin type A.
Most people are diagnosed without symptoms as the result of a routine blood test that shows a high white blood cell count.
The goal is a slow decline in blood sugar levels.
Type 2a FCD exhibits neurons that are larger than normal that are called cytomegalic dysmorphic neurons.
Symptoms consist of redness, edema of the conjunctiva, itching, and increased lacrimation.
In some cases, additional muscles in the chest wall, side, and shoulder are missing or underdeveloped.
Simone Signoret, French actress and first French person to win an Oscar
Development of the syndrome is associated with the use of large loading doses at the start of treatment.
AHC is named for the transient episodes, often referred to as attacks or episodes, of hemiplegia from which those with the disorder suffer.
Mammary myofibroblastoma, abbreviated MMFB, is a rare, benign tumor of the breast.
Treatment focuses on reducing bleeding from blood vessel lesions, and sometimes surgery or other targeted interventions to remove arteriovenous malformations in organs.
Congenital vertebral anomalies include alterations of the shape and number of vertebrae.
This treatment kills the larva but not the adult worms.
Conrad Milton Riley and Richard Lawrence Day in 1949, FD is one example of a group of disorders known as hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathies.
Rates of disease in the developing world are unclear.
Barodontalgia is a symptom of dental disease, for example inflammatory cyst in the mandible.
About 40% of the risk appears to be related to genetics.
Port-wine stains may be part of a syndrome such as Sturge–Weber syndrome or Klippel–Trénaunay–Weber syndrome.
It can also be defined as inherited single gene anomaly, most of which are autosomal recessive.
It is a rare autosomal recessive disorder with around 40 cases reported worldwide, since it is recessive parents usually do not express symptoms.
Basilar fractures are in the bones at the base of the skull.
WM is characterized by having high levels of a circulating antibody, immunoglobulin M, which is made and secreted by the cells involved in the disease.
Hyperbilirubinemia may cause bilirubin to accumulate in the grey matter of the central nervous system, potentially causing irreversible neurological damage.
If the coronary arteries are involved, ongoing treatment or surgery may occasionally be required.
Approximately 1 in 4000 newborn babies has a severe deficiency of thyroid function, while even more have mild or partial degrees.
MWS is caused by a defect in the CIAS1 gene which creates the protein cryopyrin.
Fatal familial insomnia is an extremely rare autosomal dominant inherited prion disease of the brain.
Some forms are slow growing while others are fast growing.
It can also be associated with failure of involution.
Hypervitaminosis A is believed to have occurred in early humans, and the problem has persisted throughout human history.
Conditions considered to be reactive neutrophilic dermatoses include:
In young adults, the disease often results in fever, sore throat, enlarged lymph nodes in the neck, and tiredness.
Prolapsed uterus occurs in cows when the uterus is pushed out of the cow's vulva within the 24 hours following calving.
Changes to diet and exercising are the main treatments.
Asphyxia or asphyxiation is a condition of severely deficient supply of oxygen to the body that arises from abnormal breathing.
Jerusalem syndrome is not listed or mentioned in the DSM nor in the ICD.
Prototheca is found worldwide in sewage and soil.
Diagnosis is typically based on what it looks like and the symptoms.
Those affected therefore eliminate excessive amounts of iminodipeptides in their urine, wasting this precious resource, with debilitating effects.
Liposarcoma is a cancer that arises in fat cells in deep soft tissue, such as that inside the thigh or in the retroperitoneum.
FACES syndrome is a syndrome of unique facial features, anorexia, cachexia, eye and skin anomalies.
A fourth gene that has been associated with this condition is the proline rich transmembrane protein 2 - an axonal protein associated with the exocytosis complex.
Toes can become jammed as well, but not as often as fingers.
Most people with the disease are poor, and most do not realize they are infected.
Vestibular neuritis affects approximately 35 per million people per year.
The incidence of cleft hand varies from 1 in 90,000 to 1 in 10,000 births depending on the used classification.
Bee stings differ from insect bites, and the venom or toxin of stinging insects is quite different.
The desmosomes are composed of several proteins, and many of those proteins can have harmful mutations.
It can also be the result of lifestyle choices including smoking and alcohol consumption.
Once vaccinated, a patient develops antibodies that make them immune to cowpox, but they also develop immunity to the smallpox virus, or Variola virus.
These factors can contribute to an increased rate of complications which can lead to pacemaker failure.
This has been described by many writers as a devastating condition, affecting both the family and the individual's future.
Some of the more common fatty acid metabolism disorders are:
Angiomatoid fibrous histiocytoma, abbreviated AFH, is a rarely metastasizing tumour that affects children and young adults.
Ejaculatory duct obstruction is a congenital or acquired pathological condition which is characterized by the obstruction of one or both ejaculatory ducts.
In 2015 it resulted in 188,000 deaths.
No related signs of disease are found in the mouth.
It is unclear if screening for disease is useful as it has not been properly studied.
It derives its name from the labyrinths that house the vestibular system, which senses changes in head position.
Antibiotic resistance is a growing problem with increasing rates of multiple drug-resistant tuberculosis.
Diagnosis requires more than 20% Blasts in the marrow/ peripheral blood with more than 50% demonstrating megakaryocytic derivation by morphology, immunophenotypic or electron microscopic studies.
A chalazion on the other hand is a blocked oil gland without infection.
Other types of auditory hallucination include exploding head syndrome and musical ear syndrome.
It is a symptom/sign for a variety of conditions.
When infected, the feet should be kept dry and clean and wearing sandals may help.
SCORAD is a clinical tool for assessing the severity of atopic dermatitis as objectively as possible.
HEC syndrome is a syndrome characterized by hydrocephalus, endocardial fibroelastosis and cataracts.
Loss of E-cadherin is common in lobular carcinoma but is also seen in other breast cancers.
Use of PUVA in treatment has been described.
Health effects of pesticides may be acute or delayed in those who are exposed.
Obesity is mostly preventable through a combination of social changes and personal choices.
The word is from Ancient Greek νέος- neo "new" and πλάσμα plasma "formation, creation".
It takes roughly 5 years for the symptoms to completely progress to a debilitating state.
There has long been a scientific debate over whether newborn infants with asphyxia should be resuscitated with 100% oxygen or normal air.
In insulin resistant tissues, a threshold concentration of insulin is reached causing the cells to uptake glucose and therefore decreases blood glucose levels.
As attenuated forms of the disease may exist, there could be many people with Proteus syndrome who remain undiagnosed.
People are usually advised to avoid foods that bother them.
Nutritional anemia refers to types of anemia that can be directly attributed to nutritional disorders.
Extra beats include premature atrial contractions, premature ventricular contractions, and premature junctional contractions.
In a sense it is the complete form of a coarctation of the aorta.
Lichen myxedematosus is a group of cutaneous disorders considered mucinoses.
So a test can be applied to a patient with injury of axillary nerve by trying to abduct the injured shoulder against resistance.
Over time they may diminish, but will not disappear completely.
As a result, a buildup of these substances occurs within lysosomes because they cannot be degraded, resulting in the characteristic I-cells, or "inclusion cells."
Treatment of behavioral problems with antipsychotics is common but not usually recommended due to the little benefit and side effects, including an increased risk of death.
Pyuria may be present in the septic patient, or in an older patient with pneumonia.
The rupture of a normal spleen can be caused by trauma, such as a traffic collision.
These risks are greater the earlier a baby is born.
Some sources equate the term mole with "melanocytic nevus".
Giemsa stain is used to distinguish all three types in blood smears.
Usually, the symptoms begin appearing during adolescence, and patients are diagnosed before the age of 30 years.
Beta thalassemias are caused by mutations in the HBB gene on chromosome 11, inherited in an autosomal recessive fashion.
They are usually small and resolve with appropriate antibiotic therapy.
Common clinical presentations include fever, cough, dyspnea and hemoptysis.
Because the label "Apudoma" is very general, it is preferred to use a more specific term when possible.
Pancreatic adenocarcinoma typically has a very poor prognosis: after diagnosis, 25% of people survive one year and 5% live for five years.
Guillain–Barré syndrome is rare, at one or two cases per 100,000 people every year.
This condition can often leave patients with temporary blindness due to extreme light sensitivity photophobia.
There is still ongoing research to determine the reason for the lowering of platelet count in women with a normal pregnancy.
Opioid use disorder is a medical condition characterized by a problematic pattern of opioid use that causes clinically significant impairment or distress.
PWS affects between 1 in 10,000 and 30,000 people.
It affects about one per million people.
An abnormal MRI is associated with a worse visual outcome.
An exostosis is the formation of new bone on the surface of a bone.
Some telangiectasias are due to developmental abnormalities that can closely mimic the behaviour of benign vascular neoplasms.
This either alone or in combination with bacterial infection destroys the gut tissue.
Additional risk factors include smoking, high blood pressure, and other heart or blood vessel diseases.
Developmental disorders are present from early life.
Enlarged breasts may be removed by surgery.
Hyperaemia, hyperæmia, or hyperemia + αἷμα) is the increase of blood flow to different tissues in the body.
In the current era the risk of mortality or significant morbidity after surgical division of the lesser arch is low.
The preferred term for this condition is exercise-induced bronchoconstriction; exercise does not cause asthma, but is frequently an asthma trigger.
The neoplasms are associated with the formation of a single cyst(s), and can become very large.
Charles Nicolle and Louis Manceaux first described the organism in 1908.
Many women and medical professionals mistakenly believe that breastfeeding increases sagging.
They have an underdeveloped upper jaw, relatively protruding lower jaw with anterior mandibular vertical excess and a Class III skeletal and dental profile.
If left untreated it can cause blindness.
Severe sepsis is sepsis causing poor organ function or insufficient blood flow.
Contractures are essentially muscles or tendons that have remained too tight for too long, thus becoming shorter.
Supraventricular tachycardias include atrial fibrillation, atrial flutter, and paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia.
Prochlorperazine, dimenhydrinate, or ondansetron may be used if these are not effective.
Contralateral hemiparesis and hemisensory loss of the face, upper and lower extremities is the most common presentation of MCA syndrome.
When papilledema is found on fundoscopy, further evaluation is warranted due to the fact that vision loss can result if the underlying condition is not treated.
Babies born to mothers with poorly treated gestational diabetes are at increased risk of being too large, having low blood sugar after birth, and jaundice.
Classically, Wernicke's encephalopathy is characterised by the triad ophthalmoplegia, ataxia, and confusion.
It is here that microfilariae cause major symptoms, which are edema and thickening of the skin and underlying connective tissues.
A bone cyst or geode is a cyst that forms in bone.
The second form is more diffuse, and when associated with portal hypertension and congenital hepatic fibrosis, is often referred to as "Caroli syndrome."
Thus, the DAWN and TEDS data sets demonstrate clearly that the misuse of these sedative/hypnotics is on the rise, and cause for concern.
The radiation types of greatest concern are thermal radiation, radio frequency energy, ultraviolet light and ionizing radiation.
Females are affected much more commonly than males.
Often the corners are red with skin breakdown and crusting.
This name was later amended to Staphylococcus aureus by Friedrich Julius Rosenbach, who was credited by the official system of nomenclature at the time.
Chronic kidney disease is progressive loss in kidney function over a period of months or years.
Those who have severe symptoms from an arrhythmia may receive urgent treatment with a jolt of electricity in the form of cardioversion or defibrillation.
It is one of the main injuries covered by insurance.
The most common causes are assault and motor vehicle accidents.
The term is from hemo- + thorax.
Poikiloderma is a skin condition that consists of areas of hypopigmentation, hyperpigmentation, telangiectasias and atrophy.
The difficulties of people with aphasia can range from occasional trouble finding words to losing the ability to speak, read, or write; intelligence, however, is unaffected.
In AA amyloidosis, the deposited protein is serum amyloid A protein, an acute-phase protein which is normally soluble and whose plasma concentration is highest during inflammation.
Pericoronitis also known as operculitis, is inflammation of the soft tissues surrounding the crown of a partially erupted tooth, including the gingiva and the dental follicle.
This is in contrast with myelofibrosis that develops secondary to polycythemia vera or essential thrombocythaemia.
The most widely studied is essential pentosuria, where a couple of grams of L-xylusol are released into a person’s system daily.
The sufferer becomes anxious to get away from the source of the loud sound and may get headaches.
X-linked dominant erythropoietic protoporphyria is distinct from EPP in that there is no overload of Fe2+ ions.
Some causes of cirrhosis, such as hepatitis B can be prevented by vaccination.
The pelvis, femur, and lower lumbar vertebrae are the most commonly affected bones.
The ascending auditory pathways are damaged, causing a loss of perception of sound.
It consists of an encapsulated or confined 'pocket of pus' with defined boundaries that forms during an infection of a fallopian tube and ovary.
Osteoma cutis is a cutaneous condition characterized by the presence of bone within the skin in the absence of a preexisting or associated lesion.
Those other forms of behavioral observation are still important for validating classifications based primarily on IQ test scores.
Use of the term is usually limited to describing individuals old enough to be expected to exercise such control.
ACD does not respond to standard therapies that resolve simple pulmonary hypertension.
Prevention of TB involves screening those at high risk, early detection and treatment of cases, and vaccination with the bacillus Calmette-Guérin vaccine.
An electroencephalogram, spinal tap, or magnetic resonance imaging may support the diagnosis.
Its viral cause and spread were understood by the early 20th century.
Of those infected with RSV, 2–3% will develop bronchiolitis, necessitating hospitalization.
Vestibular neuronitis may also be associated with eye nystagmus.
Spermatogenic arrest is usually due to genetic factors resulting in irreversible azoospermia.
Ischemic priapism is typically treated with a nerve block of the penis followed by aspiration of blood from the corpus cavernosum.
The word "dystrophy" is from the Greek dys, meaning "difficult" and troph meaning "nourish".
NES affects both men and women, between 1 and 2% of the general population, and approximately 10% of obese individuals.
Because the periocular region is rich in this type of gland, this region is a common site of origin.
Dietary supplementation, without determining the specific cause, is not recommended.
Episodes may be provoked by various stimuli, depending on the subtype of the condition.
Sacrococcygeal teratomas are benign 75% of the time, malignant 12% of the time, and the remainder are considered "immature teratomas" that share benign and malignant features.
Its importance lies in the fact that it has a benign prognosis, with patients maintaining a normal kidney function throughout their lives.
Bejel, or endemic syphilis, is a chronic skin and tissue disease caused by infection by the endemicum subspecies of the spirochete Treponema pallidum.
Phocomelia" + -o- interfix + μέλος melos, "limb" + English suffix -ia) is an extremely rare congenital disorder involving malformation of the limbs.
Herpesviral encephalitis is encephalitis due to herpes simplex virus.
Death caused by complications of fibrochondrogenesis occurs in infancy.
Other forms of amusia may affect specific sub-processes of music processing.
Somnolence is often viewed as a symptom rather than a disorder by itself.
Lifeguards and other persons trained in rescue learn to recognize drowning people by watching for these movements.
Surgery is sometimes done to remove the cysts.
Surgery works by changing the shape of the cornea.
Sometimes the term "soft tissue rheumatic disorders" is used to describe these conditions.
Atrial tachycardia is a risk factor for atrial fibrillation, as the rapid rhythm can trigger or degrade into the lack of a rhythm.
Onychocryptosis + κρυπτός, Ονυχοκρυπτισμός) also known as an ingrown toenail, or unguis incarnates, is a common form of nail disease.
Together with TEN it affects 1 to 2 people per million per year.
The disorder is sometimes called cholesterol pneumonia in cases where that lipid is a factor.
Often the nose, cheeks, and forehead, and chin are most involved.
Typically, the disease develops slowly over months or years.
For those with pernicious anemia, vitamin B12 supplements are recommended either by mouth or by injection.
Symptoms typically include a burning pain followed by small blisters or sores.
Alveolar osteitis is inflammation of the alveolar bone.
Often it is associated with hives, which are swelling within the upper skin.
Other common symptoms include premature aging, large, prominent foreheads, and delayed bone aging.
Doege–Potter syndrome is a paraneoplastic syndrome in which hypoglycemia is associated with solitary fibrous tumors.
Fertility awareness methods are used to discern when these changes occur by tracking changes in cervical mucus or basal body temperature.
Arachnoid cysts are a congenital disorder, and most cases begin during infancy; however, onset may be delayed until adolescence.
Morning sickness, also called nausea and vomiting of pregnancy, is a symptom of pregnancy that involves nausea or vomiting.
Dark dot disease is associated with KRT5.
Often it occurs after eating a heavy meal or during the night.
Chronic pancreatitis is the most common cause of EPI in humans and cats.
Angular cheilitis, is inflammation of one or both corners of the mouth.
It occurs most commonly in Africa and Central and East Asia.
Physical symptoms of allergic reaction can include itchiness, urticaria, swelling, eczema, sneezing, asthma, abdominal pain, drop in blood pressure, diarrhea, and cardiac arrest.
Alcoholic polyneuropathy is a neurological disorder in which multiple peripheral nerves throughout the body malfunction simultaneously.
Treatment options are limited, and until recently consisted mainly of antiplatelet drugs or anticoagulants or immunosuppressants with few reports of prolonged survival.
In a Dutch study, approximately 1% of patients required ventilatory support.
Mutations in SAR1B prevent the release of chylomicrons in the circulation which leads to nutritional and developmental problems.
Treatment for gallbladder attacks is typically surgery to remove the gallbladder.
The condition can begin at any age and it can be a primary condition or caused by another disease.
It is characterized by problems paying attention, excessive activity, or difficulty controlling behavior which is not appropriate for a person's age.
About 5% of adults are affected and about 6% of children have at least one episode a year.
It is an autosomal recessive disorder, meaning that both recessive genes must be inherited from each parent in order for the disease to manifest itself.
Alacrima can be formally diagnosed through a Schirmer's test.
Chronic excess alcohol intake, or alcohol dependence, can lead to a wide range of neuropsychiatric or neurological impairment, cardiovascular disease, liver disease, and malignant neoplasms.
Intellectual disability, also known as general learning disability, and mental retardation, is a generalized neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by significantly impaired intellectual and adaptive functioning.
It is a rare condition, occurring in less than one percent of people who ascend to 4,000 metres.
Urbach–Wiethe disease is a rare recessive genetic disorder, with approximately 400 reported cases since its discovery.
In 2015 there were 22 reported cases of the disease while in 2016 there were 25.
Early symptoms can include fever and tingling at the site of exposure.
The presence of "muddy brown casts" of epithelial cells found in the urine during urinalysis is pathognomonic for ATN.
Outcomes depend on a person's age and other health problems as well as how aggressive and extensive the cancer is.
Levels of 0.5–1 mg/L are mild, 1–2 mg/L are moderate, 2–3 mg/L are severe, and greater than 3 mg/L generally result in death.
However, given current medical therapies, the outlook has improved substantially.
A similar condition involving elevated intracranial pressure is known as Cushing's ulcer.
It may or may not be accompanied by an infection of the hair follicle or "razor bumps", which vary in size.
The condition may occur in all age groups, but is most common in women aged 20–40.
The basic symptom of heat syncope is fainting, with or without mental confusion.
They often live in the gastrointestinal tract of their hosts, but they may also burrow into other organs, where they induce physiological damage.
The enzyme is necessary for the conversion of mevalonate to mevalonate-5-phosphate in the presence of Mg2+ [Harper’s biochemistry manual].
The term inborn error of metabolism was coined by a British physician, Archibald Garrod, in 1908.
Typically no eating or drinking is allowed and a tube may be placed into the stomach.
Erythroderma is an inflammatory skin disease with erythema and scaling that affects nearly the entire cutaneous surface.
It is diagnosed when it causes all 3 of the following symptoms:
The syndrome has been reported in association with both autosomal dominant and autosomal recessive inheritance patterns.
In medicine, a bleb is a blister filled with serous fluid.
An injury that is potentially more serious than pulmonary contusion, pulmonary laceration involves disruption of the architecture of the lung, while pulmonary contusion does not.
Further evaluation with a CT or MRI of the brain and/or spine is usually performed.
It is composed of large tumor nodules with lacunar Reed–Sternberg cell surrounded by fibrotic collagen bands.
Medical professionals have called for such a ban since as early as the 1950s.
A partograph is often used to track labour progression and diagnose problems.
Initially, Isadore Tarlov believed them to be asymptomatic, however as his research progressed, Tarlov found them to be symptomatic in a number of patients.
Some recommend screening people with high blood pressure who are at increased risk while others recommend screening all people with high blood pressure for the disease.
Tooth caused by oral pathology, such as Turner's hypoplasia
It is often not noticed until late childhood to early adulthood.
Skin usually regrows over two to three weeks; however, complete recovery can take months.
Antibiotics may also be used to prevent worsening of disease.
The therapy was additionally approved in Japan in 2016.
The time between infection and symptoms, in those who develop them, is between two and six weeks.
If untreated, it is typically recurrent in nature.
Saint Louis encephalitis is a disease caused by the mosquito borne Saint Louis encephalitis virus.
In the DSM-5, it remains classified as a dissociative disorder, while the ICD-10 calls it depersonalization-derealization syndrome and classifies it as a neurotic disorder.
The terminology used in this field can be complex, and occasionally contradictory.
Onset of symptoms is typically three to twenty-one days following infection.
After an incomplete injury, the brain still has the capacity to send and receive some signals below the site of injury.
MDR-TB accounts for 3.3% of all new TB cases worldwide.
If there is impairment of any of the many steps involved in the complex process of nutrient digestion and absorption, intestinal malabsorption may ensue.
Combined hyperlipidemia is a commonly occurring form of hypercholesterolemia characterised by increased LDL and triglyceride concentrations, often accompanied by decreased HDL.
They may have a large flat base or be attached to the uterus by an elongated pedicle.
The accumulation is always in the tunica intima, between the endothelium lining and the smooth muscle middle layer of the artery wall.
The human nervous system develops from a small, specialized plate of cells on the surface of the embryo.
If the rash continues to appear longer than the 7- to 10-day time period, a physician should be consulted.
Around the middle of the second trimester, movement of the fetus may be felt.
Upper respiratory tract infections can also be fungal or helminth in origin, but these are far less common.
Hairy cell leukemia was originally described as histiocytic leukemia, malignant reticulosis, or lymphoid myelofibrosis in publications dating back to the 1920s.
About 12% of people are affected by an anxiety disorder in a given year and between 5-30% are affected at some point in their life.
Sinus tachycardia is a sinus rhythm with an elevated rate of impulses, defined as a rate greater than 100 beats/min in an average adult.
Transient bacteremia can result after dental procedures or brushing of teeth.
HPV infections in other locations are not plantar warts.
The object of interest is called the fetish; the person who has a fetish for that object is a fetishist.
Sickle-cell disease is a group of blood disorders typically inherited from a person's parents.
Many cases of croup are preventable by immunization for influenza and diphtheria.
Atherosclerosis, a deposit of fatty materials, such as cholesterol, in the arteries which causes hardening.
Some adenomas are too small to be seen macroscopically but can still cause clinical symptoms.
It is located in the prickle cell layer.
Basophilia is associated with pruritus due to the release of histamine.
Primary lactose intolerance is when the amount of lactase declines as people age.
Metabolism results in breaking down the ethanol into non-intoxicating byproducts.
Programmed ageing should not be confused with programmed cell death.
GH deficiency can be treated through growth hormone replacement, injections of growth hormone, or radiation or surgical treatment of tumors.
Infertility differs because it is the inability to conceive.
There are many types of orthostatic intolerance.
Kang cancer is a cutaneous condition that may develop due to hydrocarbon-fueled heat exposure from sleeping on coal-fire-heated bricks.
Onset is most frequent during middle age and women are affected 2.5 times as frequently as men.
Breastfeeding and immunization may also be preventive.
Kairo cancer is a cutaneous condition that may develop due to hydrocarbon-fueled heat exposure from coal-fired clothing warmers.
Individuals with OSA are rarely aware of difficulty breathing, even upon awakening.
Diagnosis should involve ruling out other conditions that can produce similar symptoms including hyperthyroidism, hyperparathyroidism, heart disease, lung disease, and drug use.
Epidemic dropsy is a clinical state resulting from use of edible oils adulterated with Argemone mexicana seed oil.
An acquired language disorder, it is characterized by intact auditory comprehension, fluent speech production, but poor speech repetition.
There are two patterns of Caroli disease: focal or simple Caroli disease consists of abnormally widened bile ducts affecting an isolated portion of liver.
OAS can occur any time of the year but is most prevalent during the pollen season.
These small blisters then flatten until they are even with the skin, and change into reddish lesions similar to those seen in measles.
Dapsone combined with leg elevation and compression, and erythromycin for HD patients with AV fistulas have also been reported.
Hepatic encephalopathy is possibly reversible with treatment.
Rates in many parts of Africa, however, are as low as 3%.
Weakness may be mild and limited to certain muscle groups, or more severe full-body paralysis.
As of 2013, there are no effective medications.
Pulmonary radiation injury is a general term for damage to the lungs which occurs as a result of exposure to ionizing radiation.
Intentional weight loss is commonly referred to as slimming.
Rupture is especially likely if the vessels are near the cervix, in which case they may rupture in early labor, likely resulting in a stillbirth.
Those with the disease often notice symptoms between 15 and 30 years of age.
Pregnancy is typically divided into three trimesters.
Small placental infarcts, especially at the edge of the placental disc, are considered to be normal at term.
Narcosis affects all divers, although susceptibility varies widely from dive to dive, and between individuals.
MPGN accounts for approximately 4% of primary renal causes of nephrotic syndrome in children and 7% in adults.
They are also often infected and can result in chronically draining ears.
The most common reason for this misidentification is close resemblance in terms of colour and general morphology of the toxic mushrooms species with edible species.
This nerve damage causes an individual to experience pain and motor weakness, first in the feet and hands and then progressing centrally.
Home remedies have been used in the past, but are not currently recommended.
Diagnostic criteria were proposed in the 1960s and refined two decades later.
Tay–Sachs disease is caused by a genetic mutation in the HEXA genes on chromosome 15.
BS is caused by mutations in the BLM gene leading to mutated DNA helicase protein formation.
In diastolic failure, if the patient has symptoms, there is a pathologic cause inducing them.
Pericoronitis is often associated with partially erupted and impacted mandibular third molars, often occurring at the age of wisdom tooth eruption.
They resulted in 354,000 deaths up from 294,000 in 1990.
It is one measure of the skeletal component of the systemic disorder of chronic kidney disease-mineral and bone disorder.
Its goal is to mitigate discomfort caused by diminished circulating estrogen and progesterone hormones in menopause.
It arises mainly in children and young adults.
Initially, German officials made incorrect statements on the likely origin and strain of Escherichia coli.
It is believed to be due to genetic susceptibility that is triggered by an environmental factor such that an autoimmune disease occurs.
Pemphigus vegetans of Neumann is a localized disease of pemphigus vulgaris slightly more extensive than pemphigus vegetans of Hallopeau.
anti-TNFα or anti-CD20 monoclonal antibodies, have been recently introduced as alternative treatments in refractory cases.
When disease presents with low-grade histologic features the cancer rarely spreads through the lymphatic system or through the bloodstream.
Risk factors for persistent HPV infections include early age of first sexual intercourse, multiple partners, smoking, and poor immune function.
Toxic epidermal necrolysis which described by Alan Lyell and previously called Lyell syndrome[5].
Primary lymphomas can occur in the appendix.
Non-surgical treatment is rarely an option as the ability for articular cartilage to heal is limited.
Dysthymia often co-occurs with other mental disorders.
Nyctalopia , also called night-blindness, is a condition making it difficult or impossible to see in relatively low light.
However, a woman who does not ovulate at each menstrual cycle is not necessarily going through menopause.
The term refers to the initial trauma, from which develops more specific types such as contusions, abrasions, lacerations, and/or bone fractures.
In rare conditions it has the potential to lead to limited functional activity in the upper extremity to which it is adjacent.
EDNOS is the most prevalent eating disorder; about 60% of adults treated for eating disorders are diagnosed with EDNOS.
Before the availability of antibiotics the risk of death was significant.
A chalazion may occur following a stye or from hardened oils blocking the gland.
Risk factors include poverty, malnutrition, deforestation, and urbanization.
It is also known as "malignant glomus tumor".
Many of the signs and symptoms in POEMS syndrome are due at least in part to the release of an aberrant immunoglobulin, i.e.
These symptoms occur due to a lack of normal blood cells.
Bird fancier's lung, also called bird-breeder's lung and pigeon-breeder's lung, is a subset of hypersensitivity pneumonitis.
Antiepileptic drugs do not prevent the development of PTE after head injury, but may be used to treat the condition if it does occur.
Between 1% and 15% of people globally are affected by kidney stones at some point in their life.
They are firmly adherent and cannot be wiped off.
The drugs used are often associated with levels of intoxication that alter judgment, perception, attention and physical control, not related with medical or therapeutic effects.
Infections are most common among those between the ages of 15 and 25 and are more common in women than men.
Dyskinesia is a symptom of several medical disorders that are distinguished by their underlying cause.
Polyradiculoneuropathy describes a condition in which polyneuropathy and polyradiculopathy occur together.
Treating people who have strep throat with antibiotics, such as penicillin, decreases the risk of developing rheumatic fever.
Protection can be verified by measuring the antitoxin level in the blood.
The HGPRT deficiency causes a build-up of uric acid in all body fluids.
There are two main types, alpha thalassemia and beta thalassemia.
They can also enlarge to substantial proportions and be mistaken for urethral diverticulum or other structures.
If the abnormal brain wave activity is persistent and results from ongoing seizures, then a diagnosis of myoclonic epilepsy may be considered.
Patients with cortical deafness cannot hear any sounds, that is, they are not aware of sounds including non-speech, voices, and speech sounds.
It is usually associated with autoimmune conditions and may be experienced at any age and is not sex specific.
The main method of diagnosis is through identification of facial phenotype.
Other causes of facial trauma include falls, industrial accidents, and sports injuries.
Some autoimmune diseases such as lupus run in families, and certain cases may be triggered by infections or other environmental factors.
Folate deficiency is associated with numerous health problems.
The membrane that separates the atrium into two parts varies significantly in size and shape.
Not all chronic diseases are progressive: a chronic, non-progressive disease may be referred to as a static condition.
Treatment may be with medication, paracentesis, or other treatments directed at the cause.
Traffic collisions often result in injury, death, and property damage.
Tentative evidence supports the use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors.
First described in the nineteenth century, OFC is currently detected through a combination of blood testing, X-rays, and tissue sampling.
Alkaptonuria is a rare inherited genetic disorder in which the body cannot process the amino acids phenylalanine and tyrosine, which occur in protein.
Small cysts cannot be felt during a physical examination, and some large cysts feel like lumps.
Rhizomelic chondrodysplasia punctata is a rare, developmental brain disorder characterized by systemic shortening of the proximal bones, seizures, recurrent respiratory tract infections, and congenital cataracts.
Indirect contact includes through clothing or flies that have come into contact with an affected person's eyes or nose.
The number of new cases of diabetes insipidus each year is 3 in 100,000.
TIAs cause the same symptoms associated with stroke, such as contralateral paralysis or sudden weakness or numbness.
Antiphospholipid syndrome often requires treatment with anticoagulant medication such as heparin to reduce the risk of further episodes of thrombosis and improve the prognosis of pregnancy.
The term is from the Greek strabismós meaning "to squint".
A diagnosis of CUP requires a clinical picture consistent with metastatic disease and one or more biopsy results inconsistent with a primary tumor.
Endocardial cushion defects are associated with abnormalities of the atrioventricular valves.
Duodenal cancer is a cancer in the beginning section of the small intestine.
They may occur when a person who prepares food is infected.
Cutis verticis gyrata is a medical condition usually associated with thickening of the scalp.
In lepromatous leprosy, TH2 response is turned on, and because of reciprocal inhibition, the cell-mediated response is depressed.
Cranio–lenticulo–sutural dysplasia is a neonatal/infancy disease caused by a disorder in the 14th chromosome.
These lesions develop as a red, inflamed patch with a scaling and crusty appearance.
Due to its pathogenicity, Machupo virus requires Biosafety Level Four conditions, the highest level.
During the entire life up to 4% of women have anorexia, 2% have bulimia, and 2% have binge eating disorder.
Infection occurs by eating food or drink contaminated with Ascaris eggs from feces.
The underlying mechanism typically involves inflammation of the arteries in the lungs.
Rarely it may be due to parathyroid cancer.
This same mutation was identified in a second unrelated family, with three affected boys in two generations.
About 75% of women have at least one vaginal yeast infection at some point in their lives while nearly half have at least two.
Rarely, cysts may be a form of ovarian cancer.
The outside or the inside of the eyelid can be affected.
Among identical twins, if one is affected there is a 24% chance the other one will be as well.
It is associated with fibrinogen alpha chain, apolipoprotein A1, and lysozyme.
Harry Eastlack is referred to in the movie Tell Tale as Harry Erlich.
This is followed by death in the absence of treatment.
Down syndrome and fragile X syndrome are examples of syndromic intellectual disabilities.
This may be either as a cream such as clotrimazole or with oral medications such as fluconazole.
In those with recurrent outbreaks, these typically happen less than three times a year.
Studies have shown that trained examiners assessment of levels of jaundice show moderate agreement with icterometer bilirubin measurements.
Occupational acne is caused by several different groups of industrial compounds, including coal tar derivatives, insoluble cutting oils, and chlorinated hydrocarbons.
However, luteomas are benign and resolve themselves after delivery.
The percentage of people who survive with treatment is about 8%.
The disorder is inherited in an X-linked dominant manner, and is attributed to a missense mutation in the MED12 gene.
The term is from cleido meaning collarbone, cranial meaning head, and dysostosis meaning formation of abnormal bone.
Gas gangrene is a bacterial infection that produces gas in tissues in gangrene.
These symptoms may be mild, moderate, or severe.
Low blood sugar, low blood pressure, hyponatremia, hypercapnia, hypoxia, slowed heart rate, and hypoventilation may also occur.
The diagnosis of VAP varies among hospitals and providers but usually requires a new infiltrate on chest x-ray plus two or more other factors.
It primarily affects areas of the skin with a relatively high number of oil glands, including the face, upper part of the chest, and back.
It is less common in adults, partly due to the development of immunity.
Macrocephaly is a condition in which the head is abnormally large; this includes the scalp, the cranial bone, and the contents of the cranium.
It was first described by Carl-Henry Alström in Sweden in 1959.
Thus somatostatinomas are associated with mild diabetes mellitus, steatorrhoea and gallstones, and achlorhydria.
Many of those infected by the virus do not develop symptoms.
There is some disagreement in the psychiatric community regarding the diagnosis of tardive dysphrenia.
When used in the phrases "cartilaginous exostosis" or "osteocartilaginous exostosis", the term is considered synonymous with osteochondroma.
About 90–95% of cases are primary, defined as high blood pressure due to nonspecific lifestyle and genetic factors.
A musculoskeletal abnormality is a disorder of the musculoskeletal system present at birth.
The term was coined in 1875 by Romanian physician Victor Babeş.
This results in a greater risk of passing the disease on to others.
WNV spreads on an ongoing basis in Africa, Asia, Australia, the Middle East, Europe, Canada and in the United States.
The potential for dynamics of these two infectious diseases to be linked has been known for decades.
There are several causes that all result in edema once serum protein levels fall below a certain threshold.
About 10% of people are affected at some point in their life.
Most cases are due to minor trauma to the eye such as that which can occur with contact lens use or from fingernails.
Vocal fold nodules, thyroid nodules and rheumatoid nodules are examples.
Being overweight is having more body fat than is optimally healthy.
Most acoustic neuromas occur spontaneously in those without a family history.
Different therapeutic options for AK are available.
It can be associated with GCK, KCNJ11, INS, and ABCC8.
Plague is an infectious disease that is caused by the bacterium Yersinia pestis.
Aspergillosis is the name given to a wide variety of diseases caused by infection by fungi of the genus Aspergillus.
No treatments stop or reverse its progression, though some may temporarily improve symptoms.
The tetrad comprises four inherited metabolic diseases: albinism, alkaptonuria, cystinuria, and pentosuria.
PMDD was added to the list of depressive disorders in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders in 2013.
Others, again, might be swept into the widespread net of dementia praecox.
Treatments include pelvic floor muscle training, bladder training, and electrical stimulation.
It is generally characterized by inflamed and easily collapsible airways, obstruction to airflow, problems exhaling and frequent medical clinic visits and hospitalizations.
It is generally only diagnosed after similar conditions have been excluded; MRI, CT scans, lumbar puncture, and toxicology tests are used to rule out other possibilities.
The disorder may be caused either by a genetic disorder or indirectly as part of myelodysplastic syndrome, which can evolve into hematological malignancies.
The disease does not spread between people.
The cyst lining is derived from the cell rests of Malassez.
Both of these disorders have recently been shown to be allelic, both caused by mutations in the voltage-gated sodium channel NaV1.7 encoded by the gene SCN9A.
Depending on the severity of the burns, quick management and transport to an appropriate burn facility may be necessary to prevent loss of life.
Fissure depth may be superficial or sometimes down to the underlying sphincter muscle.
When the infections progress and ascend, they can result in TFI.
Long-term problems may include an irregular heart rate and pulmonary regurgitation.
Damage to these tissues causes the release of ALP into the bloodstream.
While multiple various topical and systemic therapies have been tried, none have been consistently successful.
The rash may appear as pimples that come to white tips on the face, chest, back, arms, legs, buttocks, and head.
This syndrome has been associated with an increased risk of esophageal cancer in those who drink.
Despite widespread localization in the brain, astroblastoma is rarely reported in oncological studies, accounting for only 0.45–2.8% of all brain gliomas since its discovery in 1926.
Without this, there is no stimulus to binocular fusion, and the eye will move to a position of "rest".
The term has been in use since at least 1975 without a precise percentile or statistical definition of "extreme".
Onset of symptoms is typically within a day of the extra serotonin.
Hypertriglyceridemia denotes high blood levels of triglycerides, the most abundant fatty molecule in most organisms.
This condition often causes vertical or near vertical double vision as the weakened muscle prevents the eyes from moving in the same direction together.
About two thirds of cases are inherited from a person's parents, while one third of cases are due to a new mutation.
It is described as reversible amnesia for personal identity, usually involving unplanned travel or wandering, sometimes accompanied by the establishment of a new identity.
In overlap syndrome, features of the following diseases are found:
This can occur at the level of the larynx, trachea, carina or main bronchi.
It is one of several conditions that have been called the great imitator.
Other uncommon causes include adrenal cancer and an inherited disorder called familial hyperaldosteronism.
Incidence of evolution to lentigo maligna melanoma is very low, about 2.2% to 5% in elderly patients.
SMA-PME is associated with a missense mutation or deletion in exon 2 of the ASAH1 gene and is inherited in an autosomal recessive manner.
The term dissecans refers to the "creation of a flap of cartilage that further dissects away from its underlying subchondral attachments".
The beginning of the disease varies between adolescence and adulthood.
Drug dependence develops from consuming one or more substances over a period of time.
Bowel obstruction also commonly occurs and those with the disease are at greater risk of bowel cancer.
Evidence for radiation therapy, well used, is poor.
This most often occurs after the baby is fed.
A second case with failure to thrive, developmental delay, lactic acidosis and severe encephalopathy was reported in 2014.
Cases in which the urine is dilute include adrenal insufficiency, hypothyroidism, and drinking too much water or too much beer.
Symptoms of nutritional anemia can include fatigue and lack of energy.
Megarectum is a large rectum as a result of underlying nerve supply abnormalities or muscle dysfunction, which remains after disimpaction of the rectum.
It can present with Cushing's syndrome or primary aldosteronism.
Other symptoms include pain with urination or sexual intercourse, or pelvic pain.
This, in turn, may block the passageways leading out of the heart, leading to severely constricted blood flow to the body.
Starvation may also be used as a means of torture or execution.
The role of the supraspinatus is to resist downward motion.
The condition was described in further detail in 1872 by George Huntington, after whom it is named.
The pain can be intermittent, but lasts more than 3 months.
Hypophosphatasia is a rare, and sometimes fatal, metabolic bone disease.
This should generally be carried out until symptoms are no longer present and the HbCO level is less than 10%.
Another bacterium of the same genus, Yersinia pestis, is the cause of Plague.
About a million cases are believed to have occurred per year before the 1980s.
The fracture is diagnosed by plain film examination.
These symptoms qualify as PMS in 20 to 30% of pre-menopausal women.
It causes almost 10% of intellectual disability of otherwise unknown cause and can result in behavioral problems.
In extreme cases when the joint does not move at all it is said to be ankylosed.
Lichen simplex chronicus is a distinct clinical entity.
They are also commonly found in women with the rare lung disease lymphangioleiomyomatosis.
The name "Oudtshoorn skin" derives from the town of Oudtshoorn in the Western Cape province of South Africa, where the disorder was first described.
Hypothermia is reduced body temperature that happens when a body dissipates more heat than it absorbs.
Non-contagious infections, by contrast, usually require a special mode of transmission between persons or hosts.
Ultrasound may also be useful in diagnosis.
Atopy is a predisposition toward developing certain allergic hypersensitivity reactions.
Smoking, dietary factors such as pickled vegetables, and obesity are other risk factors.
Specific treatment other than a bland diet may not be required for mild cases.
It belongs to the group of helminth infections.
Management primarily involves avoiding the food in question and having a plan if exposure occurs.
Toxic epidermal necrolysis is a type of severe skin reaction.
Diastematomyelia is a rare congenital anomaly that results in the "splitting" of the spinal cord in a longitudinal direction.
A pimple, zit or spot is a kind of comedo and one of the many results of excess oil getting trapped in the pores.
ASD is differentiated from PTSD as a disorder that precedes it, and if symptoms last for more than one month, it will develop into PTSD.
Later symptoms may include abnormal vaginal bleeding, pelvic pain, or pain during sexual intercourse.
Signs and symptoms vary according to tumor site, and prognosis is closely tied to the location of the primary tumor.
Without treatment symptoms may last weeks or months.
Blood is normally a sterile environment, so the detection of bacteria in the blood is always abnormal.
Gangliosidosis contains different types of lipid storage disorders caused by the accumulation of lipids known as gangliosides.
Many disabilities are mild enough to allow those afflicted to eventually function independently in society.
Pseudocholinesterase deficiency is an inherited blood plasma enzyme abnormality in which the body's production of butyrylcholinesterase is impaired.
Cervical cancer screening using the Pap smear or acetic acid can identify precancerous changes which when treated can prevent the development of cancer.
Cases with persistent discomfort may be managed with cortisone injections or surgery may be indicated if the condition is severe.
Leukoedema is a blue, grey or white appearance of mucosae, particularly the buccal mucosa; it may also occur on the mucosa of the larynx or vagina.
The interval between recurrent palindromic attacks and the length of an attack is extremely variable from few hours to days.
Cardiac rhabdomyomas are the most common primary tumor of the heart in infants and children.
A person who encounters that of which they are phobic will often show signs of fear or express discomfort.
The disorder had been transmitted through at least 4 generations with instances of male-to-male transmission.
After research proved the molecular mechanism, in 2013 the DSM-5 removed the syndrome altogether from classification as a mental disorder.
Dissociative fugue is now subsumed under the dissociative amnesia category.
Hematemesis or haematemesis is the vomiting of blood.
Stickler syndrome is a group of genetic disorders affecting connective tissue, specifically collagen.
It is usually treated with surgery; chemotherapy has not been proven to be effective.
Hypoestrogenism, or estrogen deficiency, refers to a lower than normal level of estrogen, the primary sex hormone in women.
About 453,000 cases occurred in the United States in 2011 resulting in 29,000 deaths.
Resistance to these antibiotics has been developing, which has made treatment of the disease more difficult.
The condition has been described since ancient history.
Vasa praevia occurs in about 0.6 per 1000 pregnancies.
The condition appears to become less common with age.
Recurrent or refractory bleeding may lead to need for surgery, although this has become uncommon as a result of improved endoscopic and medical treatment.
Malonyl-CoA decarboxylase deficiency, or Malonic aciduria is an autosomal-recessive metabolic disorder caused by a genetic mutation that disrupts the activity of Malonyl-Coa decarboxylase.
The most common form of treatment is surgical implanting of a shunt to relieve the swelling of the brain.
Brain related symptoms include tremors, muscle stiffness, trouble speaking, personality changes, anxiety, and seeing or hearing things that others do not.
In his investigations, Reinke injected a stained glue into the superficial lamina propria to mimic edema.
It is a component of glomerulonephrosis, in which different degrees of protein in the urine occur.
Gilbert's syndrome is due to a mutation in the UGT1A1 gene which results in decreased activity of the bilirubin uridine diphosphate glucuronosyltransferase enzyme.
Most babies are born head first; however about 4% are born feet or buttock first, known as breech.
Graves' disease will develop in about 0.5% of males and 3% of females.
It contains fibers from both the anterior and posterior divisions of the lumbosacral plexus.
Very large infarcts lead to placental insufficiency and may result in fetal death.
Some countries use the term pityriasis capitis for cradle cap.
Testicular cancer, cryptorchidism, hypospadias, and poor semen quality make up the syndrome known as testicular dysgenesis syndrome.
However, such injuries may be accompanied by bruising elsewhere.
Most people with HSV-2 do not realize that they are infected.
Myocardial contusion is not a specific diagnosis and the extent of the injury can vary greatly.
Having an immediate family member who has or had cardiomegaly may indicate that a person is more susceptible to getting this condition.
In babies who are too small a temporary surgery may be done with plans for a second surgery when the baby is bigger.
Formally, this is a clinical diagnosis for a "conical projection above the surface of the skin."
Elevated methylmalonic acid levels may also indicate a deficiency.
Bacteriology is often polymicrobial and blood cultures are positive in some cases.
They are often described as round or oval lumps with distinct edges.
Seaver Cassidy syndrome was first described in 1991 by Laurie Seaver and Suzanne Cassidy.
Conditions that can lead to falsely low sodium measurements include high protein levels such as in multiple myeloma, high blood fat levels, and high blood sugar.
XX male syndrome is a rare sex chromosomal disorder.
These symptoms typically vary depending on the extent and, often more critically, to the location of the syrinx within the spinal cord.
Malignant hyperthermia is a type of severe reaction that occurs to particular medications used during general anesthesia, among those who are susceptible.
It affects mostly children and young adults with most patients being in the second decade of life, or less than 20 years of age.
Therefore, newly developing cerebellar ataxia should always prompt proper diagnostic measures to exclude PCD.
Groin hernias occur most often before the age of one and after the age of fifty.
It is an advanced form of alopecia areata.
Typically, enchondroma is discovered on an X-ray scan.
In males the hair loss often presents as a receding hairline while in females it typically presents as a thinning of the hair.
Oncogenic factors, including mistranscription, are hypothesized to be related to the degree of phenotypic variation among affected individuals.
TVC is one of the many forms of cutaneous tuberculosis, such as the tuberculous chancre, and the reactivation cutaneous tuberculosis.
Rheumatic fever occurs in about 325,000 children each year and about 33.4 million people currently have rheumatic heart disease.
Myoclonic epilepsy refers to a family of epilepsies that present with myoclonus.
Although very uncommon, cases of ABO HDN have been reported in infants born to mothers with blood groups A and B.
People with epilepsy in some areas of the world experience stigma due to the condition.
Hypermagnesemia is an electrolyte disturbance in which there is a high level of magnesium in the blood.
Most patients are born with normal hearing; however, the onset of hearing loss is very common in early adolescence.
It was first described by Dr. Richard Neu in 1971 and Dr. Renata Laxova in 1972 as a lethal disorder in siblings with multiple malformations.
Conditions that should be ruled out include ectopic pregnancy, pelvic inflammatory disease, interstitial cystitis, and chronic pelvic pain.
Although female sexual dysfunction is currently a contested diagnostic, it has become more common in recent years to use testosterone-based drugs off-label to treat FSAD.
About 27% of males and 3% of females develop a groin hernia at some time in their life.
GIDC was formalized in the third revision of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders in 1980 and primarily referenced gender non-conforming behaviors.
It consists of a skin rash that involve no more than one mucosal surface.
About one in 100 people in the United States are carriers of the most common type of Gaucher disease.
Colloquialisms for myiasis include flystrike and blowfly strike, and the victim or the tissue may be described as fly-blown.
It can occur in four forms: skin, inhalation, intestinal, and injection.
Elevated intraocular pressure is an important risk factor for glaucoma.
In approximately 50% of cases other structures of the knee such as ligaments, cartilage, or meniscus are damaged.
A stye, however, is usually more sudden in onset, painful, and occurs at the edge of the eyelid.
More rarely, high anion gap metabolic acidosis may be caused by ingesting methanol or overdosing on aspirin.
Description of hydrocephalus by Hippocrates date back more than 2000 years.
Cherubism is a rare genetic disorder that causes prominence in the lower portion in the face.
It is caused by a mutation in FBN2 gene on chromosome 5q23.
It is the only well known pustular psoriasis which is treated with steroids.
Diabetic nephropathy is a progressive kidney disease involving damage to the capillaries in the kidneys' glomeruli because of longstanding diabetes mellitus.
Otitis externa, also known as swimmer's ear, is an inflammation of the ear canal.
A common symptom is chest pain or discomfort which may travel into the shoulder, arm, back, neck, or jaw.
However, it is controversial whether it represents a true neoplasm or rather a developmental disorder of growing bone.
The disorder is often stigmatized in both the media and psychiatric field.
It is more common in athletes, particularly those who are involved in recreational alpine skiing, play soccer, football, or basketball.
Commonly, multiple underlying causes contribute to the pain.
It is a style of drinking that is popular in several countries worldwide, and overlaps somewhat with social drinking since it is often done in groups.
Copper deficiency resulting from an excess of zinc from unusually high oral consumption of zinc-containing denture-fixation creams has been found to be a cause.
A Gram-negative coccobacillus, Francisella tularensis has several subspecies with varying degrees of virulence.
Gestational Thrombocytopenia is a disorder similar to immune thrombocytopenia and is difficult to differentiate between the two disorders.
Prevention includes limiting the spread of disease from infected animals to humans.
They can also occur in association with graft versus host disease.
Up to three medications can control blood pressure in 90% of people.
About 40% of people with the electrical problem never develop symptoms.
Other may be effectively treated with catheter based procedures or heart surgery.
A possible relationship with mitral valve prolapse has been proposed.
Neurosarcoidosis refers to sarcoidosis, a condition of unknown cause featuring granulomas in various tissues, involving the central nervous system.
Chronic suppurative otitis media is middle ear inflammation of greater than two weeks that results in episodes of discharge from the ear.
Atypical lichen myxedematosus is a skin condition caused by fibroblasts producing abnormally large amounts of mucopolysaccharides.
It occurs most frequently in older children or younger adults.
The percentage of people that survive five years following diagnosis is on average 8% in the United States.
The disease can threaten vision, sometimes causing temporary or permanent blindness.
The hallmarks of the disease are fibrosis and infiltration by IgG4 secreting plasma cells.
Diagnosis can be confirmed based on finding antibodies or the toxin in the blood or by culture of a sample from the infected site.
During an episode, one may hear, feel, or see things that are not there.
Domestic violence is among the most underreported crimes worldwide for both men and women.
Conorenal syndrome, also called Mainzer-Saldino syndrome or Saldino-Mainzer disease, is a collection of medical conditions that seem to have a common genetic cause.
Prognosis is usually favorable but manifestations of the disease affecting the lungs, heart, or kidneys may occasionally cause severe life-threatening complications.
The infection may last from a few to ten days.
Proctalgia fugax is a severe, episodic pain in the regions of the rectum and anus.
Most autoinflammatory diseases are genetic and present during childhood.
Pre-eclampsia is a disorder of pregnancy in which there is high blood pressure and either large amounts of protein in the urine or other organ dysfunction.
The virus that causes the disease was first isolated in Africa in 1947.
Fluoride stimulates bone formation and increases bone density, however bone with excess fluoride content has an abnormal structure resulting in increased fragility.
Not to be confused with Meige syndrome or Meige disease
Uterine incarceration is an obstetrical complication whereby a growing retroverted uterus becomes wedged into the pelvis after the first trimester of pregnancy.
Stenosis of the pulmonary artery is a condition where the pulmonary artery is subject to an abnormal constriction.
There is currently no cure, but there are several off-label treatments, which are primarily FDA-approved narcolepsy medications.
Gender dysphoria is classified as a disorder under dual role transvestism in the 2017 ICD-10 CM.
About 10% of people develop a peptic ulcer at some point in their life.
Primary lateral sclerosis is a rare neuromuscular disease characterized by progressive muscle weakness in the voluntary muscles.
Typically it begins in middle or older age, although rates of type 2 diabetes are increasing in young people.
Many more couples, however, experience involuntary childlessness for at least one year: estimates range from 12% to 28%."
The majority of these WRS patients die from fulminant hepatitis during childhood.
Oral and maxillofacial pathology refers to the diseases of the mouth, jaws and related structures such as salivary glands, temporomandibular joints, facial muscles and perioral skin.
While there is no known therapy effective for loxoscelism, there has been research on antibiotics, surgical timing, hyperbaric oxygen, potential antivenoms and vaccines.
However, the infantile form is much more common.
Infection generally occurs at the site of an existing physical injury.
It was recognized as a distinct new disease in the early 1960s, and was formally named diffuse panbronchiolitis in 1969.
Recurrent pyogenic cholangitis is characterised by recurrent bouts of bacterial cholangitis with primary hepatolithiasis.
High levels of phenylalanine are present from infancy in people with untreated tetrahydrobiopterin deficiency.
The precise configuration of the bands, lymphedema, and character of the amputations are not predictable and vary with each individual patient.
However, it can involve other large vessels.
Mouth ulcer, an open sore inside the mouth.
It is a disease in which cells grow abnormally and have the potential to spread to other parts of the body.
The mechanism was presumably a chemically induced plugging of the pilosebaceous orifice.
Other possible symptoms include feeling tired, weakness, and abdominal pain.
It is the most common type of cancer in children, with three quarters of leukemia cases in children being the acute lymphoblastic type.
These cases are known as cortical visual impairment.
Acute stress reaction may develop into delayed stress reaction if stress is not correctly managed.
VHFs may be caused by five distinct families of RNA viruses: the families Arenaviridae, Filoviridae, Bunyaviridae, Flaviviridae, and Rhabdoviridae.
The risk appears to be less with serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors like venlafaxine.
Enuresis is a repeated inability to control urination.
MASS stands for the Mitral valve, myopia, Aorta, Skin and Skeletal features of the disorder.
Such a blockage may affect a part of the body distant from where the embolus originated.
Hepatitis D is a disease caused by the hepatitis D virus, a small spherical enveloped viroid.
Special lenses may help people with red–green color blindness when under bright conditions.
Gingivostomatitis is a combination of gingivitis and stomatitis, or an inflammation of the oral mucosa and gingiva.
Monostotic fibrous dysplasia is a form of fibrous dysplasia where only one bone is involved.
Those affected by NPS may have one or more affected areas of the body, and its severity varies depending on the individual.
He subsequently died from an infection resulting from surgery attempting to repair the perforation.
Pseudarthrosis is a bone fracture that has no chance of mending without intervention.
The medication clomipramine may also be helpful.
Zamboni also did not disclose his financial ties to Esaote, the manufacturer of the ultrasound specifically used in CCSVI diagnosis.
This suspicion is typically confirmed by molecular analysis.
Death from single-drug benzodiazepine overdoses occur infrequently, particularly after the point of hospital admission.
The World Health Organization recommends that those who come in contact with camels wash their hands frequently and do not touch sick camels.
Reported notifications of measles usually far exceed the actual numbers of confirmed cases.
It is commonly associated with systemic lupus erythematosus, and occurs in roughly 5% of all cases.
Tarlov perineural cysts have occasionally been observed in patients with Marfan syndrome, Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, and Loeys-Dietz syndrome.
It may affect part or all of a lung.
Serous cystadenomas are not related to serous cystadenomas of the pancreas, i.e.
Temporary hemianopsia can occur in the aura phase of migraine.
Those affected often have an outgoing personality and interact readily with strangers.
It is estimated to affect 0.5-1% of people a year in the developed world.
It is suggested that most forms of Gleich's syndrome are due to a similar aberrant T cell mechanism and are a subtype of lymphocyte-variant eosinophilia.
It is characterised by progressive muscle wasting which affects predominantly hip and shoulder muscles.LGMD has an autosomal pattern of inheritance and currently has no known cure.
In 2015 cardiomyopathy and myocarditis affected 2.5 million people.
Those who favor the legality of abortion often hold that a woman has a right to make decisions about her own body.
Laryngeal cancer may spread by direct extension to adjacent structures, by metastasis to regional cervical lymph nodes, or more distantly, through the blood stream.
Within the astrocytomas, there are two broad classes recognized in literature, those with:
Panosteitis, a long bone condition in large breed dogs
In more than 95% of known cases, the disease is associated with contraction of the D4Z4 repeat in the 4q35 subtelomeric region of Chromosome 4.
It may take 30 to 180 days for symptoms to begin.
An Arcanobacterium haemolyticum infection is any of several types of infection with the gram-positive bacillus Arcanobacterium haemolyticum.
It was first described by Yim and Ebbin in 1982, and later by Thomas and Donnai in 1994.
Nelson’s syndrome is also referred to as post adrenalectomy syndrome and is a result of an adrenalectomy performed for Cushing’s disease.
Such an infection can be acquired in hospital, nursing home, rehabilitation facility, outpatient clinic, or other clinical settings.
The AIDS-related KS lesions often rapidly progress to plaques and nodules affecting the upper trunk, face, and oral mucosa.
The infection can spread to the upper genital tract in women causing pelvic inflammatory disease which may result in future infertility or ectopic pregnancy.
Pigeon pox is caused by a virus that is spread by mosquitoes and dirty water but not in droppings.
One to two percent of cases of pancreatic cancer are neuroendocrine tumors, which arise from the hormone-producing cells of the pancreas.
Disseminated disease refers to a diffuse disease-process, generally either infectious or neoplastic.
Sitosterolemia is a rare autosomal recessively inherited lipid metabolic disorder.
Insomnia, also known as sleeplessness, is a sleep disorder where people have trouble sleeping.
Dysembryoplastic neuroepithelial tumour, commonly abbreviated DNT or DNET, is a type of brain tumor.
Abortion rates changed little between 2003 and 2008, before which they decreased for at least two decades as access to family planning and birth control increased.
Here, the adjective ductal refers to the appearance of the cancer under the microscope, which suggests that it has originated in the milk ducts.
It is characterized by acute vision loss without initial disc edema, but with subsequent optic disc atrophy.
Less common are fractures to the femur, pelvis, and sacrum.
VPI can either be congenital or acquired later in life.
Ehlers–Danlos syndrome is a group of genetic connective tissue disorders.
Once the frenulum is cut, the physician applies stitches to close the wound.
The mental deficits and self-mutilating behavior do not respond well to treatment.
There are several subtypes of FCD including type 1a, 1b, 2a, 2b, 3a, 3b, and 3c, each with distinct histopathological features.
Additionally, lack of pulsation distinguishes this lesion of the lower lip from a tortuous segment of the inferior labial artery.
The damaged valves may result in heart failure, atrial fibrillation and infection of the valves.
Hepatocellular adenoma, also hepatic adenoma, or rarely hepadenoma, is an uncommon benign liver tumor which is associated with increased levels of estrogen.
The face is usually also spared and does not seem to become affected.
It is thought to be caused by a disordered metabolism of fatty acids by mitochondria in the mother, caused by long-chain 3-hydroxyacyl-coenzyme A dehydrogenase deficiency.
Approximately 75% of these GSD VI cases result from the X-linked recessive forms of phosphorylase kinase deficiency, all other forms are autosomal recessive.
Hernias occurring through these are called incisional hernias.
Advancements have also been made which allow earlier management for common complications of cerebellar stroke such as brainstem compression and hydrocephalus.
It is often an incidental finding and is not usually associated with any pathology.
Unless otherwise noted, the advice and monitoring given here are those recommended by the International Myeloma Working Group in 2014 and updated in 2016.
VACTERL association specifically refers to the abnormalities in structures derived from the embryonic mesoderm.
Most, if not all, SDCs express androgen receptor by immunohistochemistry.
Infections with toxoplasmosis usually cause no obvious symptoms in adults.
Gaucher's disease or Gaucher disease is a genetic disorder in which glucocerebroside accumulates in cells and certain organs.
Coarctations are most common in the aortic arch.
Diagnosis is by testing the blood for its ability to clot and its levels of clotting factors.
However, it is a harmless defect, and no cure is needed.
Musculoskeletal disorders are injuries or pain in the human musculoskeletal system, including the joints, ligaments, muscles, nerves, tendons, and structures that support limbs, neck and back.
CMS typically develops after extended time living at high altitude) so is most common amongst native populations of high altitude nations.
Hypopituitarism is a rare disease, but may be significantly underdiagnosed in people with previous traumatic brain injury.
Less commonly the lining of the abdomen and rarely the sac surrounding the heart, or the sac surrounding the testis may be affected.
Arthropods can also bite and leave injuries.
Most cases of COPD can be prevented by reducing exposure to risk factors.
Hypomagnesemia with secondary hypocalcemia is an autosomal recessive genetic disorder affecting intestinal magnesium absorption.
It is primarily spread through saliva but can rarely be spread through semen or blood.
In newborns pain is often absent and instead the scrotum may become discolored or a testicle may disappear from its usual place.
Surgery can help but, even with treatment, PVNS comes back about half the time.
Nephritic syndrome, like nephrotic syndrome, may involve hypoalbuminemia due to the protein albumin moving from the blood to the urine.
Tissue biopsy generally shows increased keratin build up with or without abnormal cells, but is not diagnostic.
It is associated with diaphyseal dysplasia and refractory anemia.
The first is ichthyosis, which is a buildup of skin to form a scale-like covering that causes dry skin and other problems.
Epithelial dysplasia, a term becoming increasingly referred to as intraepithelial neoplasia, is the sum of various disturbances of epithelial proliferation and differentiation as seen microscopically.
People with myosarcoma often wake up with the feeling as if they had a cramp during their sleep.
Treatment consists of a daily dose of thyroid hormone by mouth.
It is also contrasted with heteroplasia, which is the spontaneous abnormal growth of cytologic and histologic elements.
2,4 Dienoyl-CoA reductase deficiency is an inborn error of metabolism resulting in defective fatty acid oxidation caused by a deficiency of the enzyme 2,4 Dienoyl-CoA reductase.
It commonly occurs in elderly men, but it can also occur in women and children.
Because cirrhosis is a feature only of advanced disease, a change of its name to "primary biliary cholangitis" was proposed by patient advocacy groups in 2014.
Cerebellar hypoplasia is a heterogeneous group of disorder of cerebellar maldevelopment presenting as early onset non progressive ataxia, hypotonia, and motor learning disability.
However, with each infection, immunity develops, and subsequent infections are less severe; adults are rarely affected.
It can be congenital, or introduced by a wound.
Chronic exposure to benzodiazepines causes neural adaptations that counteract the drug's effects, leading to tolerance and dependence.
Diffuse panbronchiolitis is an inflammatory lung disease of unknown cause.
The medication loperamide may be used to help with diarrhea while laxatives may be used to help with constipation.
Some are affected by changes in the function of the autonomic nervous system, which can lead to dangerous abnormalities in heart rate and blood pressure.
The number of people affected is not well established, but has been estimated as being between 1:24 and 1:600.
Treatment is not required, since the lesions usually resolve spontaneously in two to four weeks.
Type 1: Progressive prolongation of PR interval with dropped beats .
A later phase of the disease is characterised by the replacement of normal bone marrow with highly vascular fibrous tissue.
Symptoms in women may include vaginal discharge or burning with urination.
However, some may have high eye pressure for years and never develop damage.
The next step in the disease progression is occlusion of the superficial venous system, thereby preventing all venous outflow from the extremity.
Hydroa vacciniforme is a very rare, chronic photodermatitis-type skin condition with usual onset in childhood.
Occasionally, fibroids may make it difficult to become pregnant, although this is uncommon.
The risk of death once infected is about one percent and frequently occurs within two weeks of the onset of symptoms.
Carnitine-acylcarnitine translocase deficiency is a rare, autosomal recessive metabolic disorder that prevents the body from converting long-chain fatty acids into energy, particularly during periods without food.
Type 2 diabetes primarily occurs as a result of obesity and lack of exercise.
OGS is characterized by a 2-3 standard deviation increase in weight, height, or head circumference above the average for sex and age.
The cause is an imperfection of the eyes.
It is a very rare congenital malformation involving abnormal development of the capillary vascular system around the alveoli of the lungs.
To demonstrate wrist drop, hold your arm out in front of you with your forearm parallel to the floor.
It is a birth defect or congenital abnormality of the female genitourinary system.
Schwann cells respond to loss of axons by extrusion of their myelin sheaths, downregulation of myelin genes, dedifferentiation and proliferation.
For instance, a severe form of iron overload, juvenile hemochromatosis, is a result of severe hepcidin deficiency.
Diagnosis of NPS can be made at birth, but is common for it to remain undiagnosed for several generations.
Fukuyama congenital muscular dystrophy is the second most prevalent form of muscular dystrophy in Japan.
As the name suggests, the main coping mechanism of those with avoidant personality disorder is avoidance of feared stimuli.
The use of tobacco decreases the chances of survival.
The left cardiac border shows uplifted apex " outermost lower most point of the heart at the left side" denoting right ventricular enlargement.
About half of stillbirths occur during childbirth, with this being more common in the developing than developed world.
The first human case was identified in 1964 in Sierra Leone.
The process is normally self-limiting, but when conventional antibodies are found there is a high chance of this proceeding to permanent hypothyroidism.
This microduplication is more common than the deletion; this might be due to the milder phenotype of the individuals.
Disseminated mastocytosis is rarely seen in young dogs and cats, while mast cell tumors are usually skin tumors in older dogs and cats.
Treatment options for sleep paralysis have been poorly studied.
Liver failure or hepatic insufficiency is the inability of the liver to perform its normal synthetic and metabolic function as part of normal physiology.
If diagnosis and treatment are prompt, complete recovery is usual.
Domestic violence occurs when the abuser believes that abuse is acceptable, justified, or unlikely to be reported.
Scabies is most often spread during a relatively long period of direct skin contact with an infected person such as that which may occur during sex.
NF-1 causes tumors along the nervous system which can grow anywhere on the body.
Additionally, there are a number of conditions that look like epileptic seizures but are not.
Although a metabolic acidosis also occurs in those with renal insufficiency, the term RTA is reserved for individuals with poor urinary acidification in otherwise well-functioning kidneys.
Surgery to fix the fractures appears to result in better outcomes.
These people are not ill, but may have a lower amount of carnitine in their blood than non-carriers.
In broader definitions ADHD is included, and the term used is neurodevelopmental disorders.
About 75% of the time the condition is inherited from a parent while 25% of the time it is a new mutation.
Treatment of VCD often combines behavioral, medical and psychological approaches.
They may appear singly or in groups, and are most commonly found at the tip of the root.
In addition to testosterone, isotretinoin may also precipitate acne fulminans, possibly related to highly increased levels of P acnes antigens in the patient's immune system.
Diagnosis is by either culturing the bacteria or detecting the bacterium's DNA in the blood, stool, or bone marrow.
Meningohydroencephalocoele is a form of meningocele - a developmental abnormality of the central nervous system.
When the space between two adjacent vertebrae narrows, compression of a nerve root emerging from the spinal cord may result in radiculopathy.
It may rupture, leading to peritonitis, or it may drain through the umbilicus.
It affects between 0.3 and 1.9 per 1,000 people.
TD is defined as the passage of unformed stool while traveling.
The medication used to decrease acid is usually either a proton pump inhibitor or an H2 blocker with four weeks of treatment initially recommended.
DPB causes severe inflammation and nodule-like lesions of terminal bronchioles, chronic sinusitis, and intense coughing with large amounts of sputum production.
The presence of residual isomaltase activity may explain why some GSID patients are better able to tolerate starch in their diet than others with GSID.
It is more common with women than men and more commonly effects middle-aged to elderly women.
People experiencing psychosis may exhibit personality changes and thought disorder.
Opioid use disorders resulted in 51,000 worldwide deaths in 2013 up from 18,000 deaths in 1990.
Corneal tissue is avascular in nature and the presence of vascularization, which can be deep or superficial, is always pathologically related.
When there is significant blood loss over a short time, symptoms may include vomiting red blood, vomiting black blood, bloody stool, or black stool.
There are two types of prosopagnosia: acquired and congenital.
Septic arthritis occurs in about 5 people per 100,000 each year.
Risk factors for the disease include poor sanitation, not enough clean drinking water, and poverty.
Flail chest is usually accompanied by a pulmonary contusion, a bruise of the lung tissue that can interfere with blood oxygenation.
These results of spontaneous remission were contrary to the study’s previous results showing that the nodules were irreversible.
Perineodynia means perineal pain and includes vulvodynia and proctalgia fugax.
These tumors are typically painless and can cause cortical erosion.
Symptoms can be improved by wearing a wrist splint or with corticosteroid injections.
Epidemiological fieldwork suggested fresh vegetables were the source of infection.
HIV-associated nephropathy refers to kidney disease developing in association with HIV infection.
Other conditions that produce similar symptoms include appendicitis, stomach ulcers, pancreatitis, and gastroesophageal reflux disease.
Prion structure varies slightly between species, but nonetheless prion replication is subject to epimutation and natural selection just like other forms of replication.
A small stone may pass without causing symptoms.
The infection can spread into the psoas muscle sheath.
SPD seems to satisfy this criterion because it is linked to negative outcomes.
The disease is often characterized by hyphae growing in and around blood vessels and can be potentially life-threatening in diabetic or severely immunocompromised individuals.
Often the patient will present with seizures.
The widely used angiotensin-II-responsive steroid-producing cell line H295R was originally isolated from a tumor diagnosed as adrenocortical carcinoma.
An additional issue is the cost of these medications.
In infants, the Apt test can be used to distinguish fetal hemoglobin from maternal blood.
This may be accompanied by fever and swollen lymph nodes.
The cause of the disorder is thiamine deficiency, which can cause a range of disorders including beriberi, Wernicke's encephalopathy, and Korsakoff's psychosis.
It is a type of heat illness.
They are most often caused when stratified squamous epithelium of the ectocervix grows over the simple columnar epithelium of the endocervix.
It is often a multi-organ disease affecting pancreas, liver, kidney, salivary and orbital tissues and retroperitoneum.
This enzyme transfers phosphate to mannose residues on specific proteins, and serves as a marker for them to be targeted to lysosomes within the cell.
Excess doses can be either on purpose or accidental.
Many use the term PDD as a short way of saying PDD-NOS.
Of patients with ocular JXG, 92% are younger than the age of two.
Polymerase chain reaction is the most accurate method of diagnosis.
The best method of diagnosis is angiography, with computer tomography being used when that is not available.
Alternative medicine has not been shown to affect the disease.
In 2015 it affected 6.2 million people globally.
Other common causes include congestion due to portal hypertension and infiltration by leukemias and lymphomas.
Trigeminal neuralgia is a chronic pain disorder that affects the trigeminal nerve.
Hypovolemia is a massive decrease in blood volume, and death by excessive loss of blood is referred to as exsanguination.
The condition is very rare in adults.
The injection form presents with fever and an abscess at the site of drug injection.
Normally, the enzyme ceramidase breaks down fatty material in the body’s cells.
By contrast, in nephritic syndrome red blood cells pass through the pores, causing haematuria.
Large angiomyolipoma can be treated with embolisation.
Since Tarlov cysts are cysts of the spinal meninges, symptomatic Tarlov cysts by definition cause myelopathy.
Treatment is based on the cancer's stage and location, together with the person's general condition and individual preferences.
Pancreatic enzyme replacement and fat-soluble vitamin supplementation are important, especially in the young.
There has been interest in replacing the descriptive terms used in semen analysis with more quantitative information.
Spinal muscular atrophy is an inherited disorder and is passed on in an autosomal recessive manner.
It most often occurs as an isolated dysmelia, but can also occur with other anomalies as part of many congenital syndromes.
Also, time in a circa zero g environment without exercise will lead to atrophy.
It is usually detected by accidental discovery of mildly elevated blood sugar.
A few years later, wrist arthroscopy could also be used as a therapeutic tool.
In contrast, a spondyloarthropathy is a condition involving the vertebral joints, but many conditions involve both spondylopathy and spondyloarthropathy.
If the infection occurs 13–26 weeks after conception, the risk is 23% of the infant being affected by the disease.
Although the exact etiology, or cause, of stuttering is unknown, both genetics and neurophysiology are thought to contribute.
Paratuberculosis or Johne's disease  is a contagious, chronic and sometimes fatal infection that primarily affects the small intestine of ruminants.
Vitiligo has been described since ancient history.
This catastrophic event is called an infarction.
Treatment options include watchful waiting, splitting the affected joint, needle aspiration, or surgery.
Diagnosis is by CT scan, pulmonary function tests, or lung biopsy.
Acute pancreatitis is usually treated with intravenous fluids, pain medication, and sometimes antibiotics.
Risk factors include the first pregnancy, multiple pregnancy, obesity, prior or family history of hyperemesis gravidarum, trophoblastic disorder, and a history of an eating disorder.
Up to 1% of children with DKA develop a complication known as cerebral edema.
Familial glomangiomas have been associated with a variety of deletions in the GLMN gene, and are inherited in an autosomal dominant manner, with incomplete penetrance.
Amongst the most important vectors of this disease are the mosquitoes Culex tritaeniorhynchus and Culex vishnui.
When they occur, they can lead to chronic wounds.
Once a human becomes infected, the plerocercoid larvae migrate to a subcutaneous location, where they typically develop into a painful nodule.
An exanthem can be caused by toxins, drugs, or microorganisms, or can result from autoimmune disease.
The number of cases that occur globally is not known.
In contrast, fixation disparity is a very small deviation of the pointing directions of the eyes that is present while performing binocular fusion.
Historically cyanide has been used for mass suicide and by the Nazis for genocide.
They can be characterized by an incomplete or complete fracture line that extends through the long axis of the root toward the apex.
If the problems persist, the entire gland may be removed.
Limbic encephalitis is caused by autoimmunity: an abnormal state where the body produces antibodies against itself.
Many people with anorexia see themselves as overweight even though they are in fact underweight.
It is more beneficial, therefore, to look at the severity of the symptoms when considering treatment options.
Treatment includes administration of antibiotics and anti-inflammatory agents and, in the suppurative stage, surgical lancing of the abscess.
Other symptoms may include movement problems, changes in mood, or changes in personality.
Of those affected, 25% require long-term institutionalization in order to receive effective care.
The ventricles of the heart have their own pacing mechanisms, which can maintain a lowered heart rate in the absence of SA stimulation.
Amyloid aggregates are fibrils, growing at their ends, and replicate when breakage causes two growing ends to become four growing ends.
Without treatment, anxiety disorders tend to remain.
Gynecomastia is a common disorder of the endocrine system in which there is a non-cancerous increase in the size of male breast tissue.
Skin cancer is the most common form of cancer, globally accounting for at least 40% of cases.
Early infections are treatable with the medication benznidazole or nifurtimox.
The gums or gingiva, consist of the mucosal tissue that lies over the mandible and maxilla inside the mouth.
Gene therapy, while promising, requires a great deal more study as of 2014.
Despite the presence of a variable degree of inflammation the most suggestive histological feature remains the prominent lymphoid aggregates.
In people with diabetes levels below 3.9 mmol/L is diagnostic.
Individuals with MWS often have episodic fever, chills, and joint pain.
The percentage of people who are affected at one point in their life varies from 7% in Japan to 21% in France.
The disorder may stem from a wide variety of conditions that cause abnormal growth of the brain, or from syndromes associated with chromosomal abnormalities.
It progresses rapidly through involvement of multiple body systems and mortality occurs in less than a year from the initial diagnosis.
If due to medications, these can often be slowly stopped.
Hyperemesis gravidarum occurs in about 1.6% of pregnancies.
It can even affect the eyes, causing scotoma and amblyopia.
A stillbirth can result in the feeling of guilt in the mother.
This may affect one or more cranial nerves, resulting in various kinds of facial palsies.
Macroglobulinemia is the presence of increased levels of macroglobulins in the circulating blood.
Risk factors for common types of non-Hodgkin lymphomas include autoimmune diseases, HIV/AIDS, infection with human T-lymphotropic virus, immunosuppressant medications, and some pesticides.
Those who travel to the developing world are also at risk and only humans can be infected.
The time between the appearance of the aura and the migraine lasts from a few seconds up to an hour.
Distal RTA is characterized by a failure of acid secretion by the alpha intercalated cells of the cortical collecting duct of the distal nephron.
Poliomyelitis has existed for thousands of years, with depictions of the disease in ancient art.
These mutations disrupt cellular functions and lead to a neurodevelopmental disorder through an unknown mechanism.
Most congenital heart problems do not occur with other diseases.
However, multiple myeloma develops at the rate of about 1.5% a year, so doctors recommend monitoring it yearly.
It is a characteristic phenotype resulting from a partial deletion of chromosomal material of the short arm of chromosome 4).
Myxedema coma is a state of decompensated hypothyroidism.
The medications mexiletine or carbamazepine are occasionally helpful.
The word "somnolence" is derived from the Latin "somnus" meaning "sleep."
It affects 10-20% of all hospitalized adults, and 30-40% of elderly who are hospitalized and up to 80% of those in ICU.
It is a metabolic enzyme involved in the pentose phosphate pathway.
The disease occurs in most areas of the world and currently affects about one million people.
The pain may be described as sharp, dull, or crampy.
This is usually carried out along with intravenous fluids and antibiotics.
An anembryonic gestation is characterized by a normal-appearing gestational sac, but the absence of an embryo.
Scapholunate Advanced Collapse is the most common form, followed by Scaphoid Non-union Advanced Collapse.
Trench fever, and "urban trench fever") is a moderately serious disease transmitted by body lice.
Non-familial early onset Alzheimer's can develop in people who are in their thirties or forties, but that is extremely rare.
Therefore, the potential targets for therapeutic interventions are not known.
It may develop acutely, subacutely, and chronically.
In most affected people, the disorder affects the part of the colon nearest the anus.
In the DSM-5 agoraphobia is classified as a phobia along with specific phobias and social phobia.
When treated, it causes no long term problems in most cases although rarely can return in adults.
A ruptured aneurysm can lead to bleeding.
Metachondromatosis is an autosomal dominantincompletely penetrant skeletal disorder affecting the growth of bones, leading to multiple enchondromas and osteochondromas.
Studies in mice have demonstrated its importance in the mineralization of bones in teeth in early development.
Hypervitaminosis A is usually treated by stopping intake of the offending food(s), supplement(s), or medication.
There is a less than five percent chance of the disease returning in someone who has had it previously.
Thrombosis, the process of thrombus formation, often leads to thromboembolism.
The obstructive jaundice can be caused by direct extrinsic compression by the stone or from fibrosis caused by chronic cholecystitis.
Dr. Palmenberg has been given numerous awards for her research and involvement within the scientific community, such as Fellow for the American Academy of Microbiology.
Decreased intake may occur in those who eat a vegan diet or are malnourished.
Before the introduction of the Hib vaccine in 1985, Haemophilus meningitis was the leading cause of bacterial meningitis in children under the age of five.
It is caused by Epstein-Barr virus and occurs usually in persons who are immunocompromised, especially those with human immunodeficiency virus infection/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Idiopathic CD4+ lymphocytopenia is a rare medical syndrome in which the body has too few CD4+ T lymphocytes, which are a kind of white blood cell.
Tubulopathic processes may be inflammatory or noninflammatory, though inflammatory processes are often referred to specifically as tubulitis.
Ulcers usually initially look like small bug bites or papules, and they progress to larger ulcers.
People who report a lifelong history of such experiences are known as synesthetes.
The degree of symptoms can range from mild to severe.
Proline is considered and usually referred to as an amino acid, but unlike others, it has a secondary amine.
CD25 deficiency or interleukin 2 receptor alpha deficiency is an immunodeficiency disorder associated with mutations in the interleukin 2 receptor alpha gene.
Among women it is the seventh-most common cancer and the eighth-most common cause of death from cancer.
They also are more common in women than in men.
It may be aggravated by exposure to cold, and occurs most often in the lower extremities.
The underlying mechanism often involves a rapid change in direction, sudden stop, landing following jumping, or direct contact.
It is usually found in body folds, such as the posterior and lateral folds of the neck, the armpits, groin, navel, forehead, and other areas.
Complications in women include pelvic inflammatory disease and in men include inflammation of the epididymis.
The ABO blood group system is the best known surface antigen system, expressed on a wide variety of human cells.
The risks and possible effects of Mobitz II are much more severe than Mobitz I in that it can lead to severe heart attack.
Differential storage described via immunelectronical microscopy, see Ständer 2001 below.
It refers to an angulation, or a sharp bend or curve, in the root or crown of a formed tooth.
Females are diagnosed about three times as often as males.
Hippocampal sclerosis can be detected with autopsy or MRI.
A dislocated hip, much more common in females than in males, is a condition that can either be congenital or acquired.
The most frequently identified pathogen is Aspergillus fumigatus—a ubiquitous organism that is capable of living under extensive environmental stress.
It was characterized in 1972 and 1973.
On medical examination, the optic nerve head can be visualised by an ophthalmoscope.
Acute hepatitis A resulted in 11,200 deaths in 2015.
Gitelman syndrome was formerly considered a subset of Bartter syndrome until the distinct genetic and molecular bases of these disorders were identified.
Trichomoniasis can be cured with antibiotics, either metronidazole or tinidazole.
Asthma was recognized as early as Ancient Egypt.
AOM is an infection of abrupt onset that usually presents with ear pain.
It is an oral parafunctional activity; i.e., it is unrelated to normal function such as eating or talking.
In the chronic form, nasal and subcutaneous nodules develop, eventually ulcerating.
Victims may experience psychological problems, such as post-traumatic stress disorder.
Recommendations include drinking enough fluids, getting sufficient rest, and taking pain medications such as paracetamol and ibuprofen.
They have also been seen in Ötzi the Iceman.
Heart failure is a common, costly, and potentially fatal condition.
Hypospadias is a congenital disorder of the urethra where the urinary opening is not at the usual location on the head of the penis.
These symptoms can vary from slight gastrointestinal discomfort to death.
Football and ice hockey players are affected most frequently, and both recreational and professional athletes may be affected.
Despite that, people who don't have congenital infantile speech can learn to sing or talk in such manner.
Types of cardiomyopathy include hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, dilated cardiomyopathy, restrictive cardiomyopathy, arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia, and broken heart syndrome.
Hematuria is the presence of red blood cells in the urine.
Prurigo nodularis is a skin disease characterised by pruritic nodules which usually appear on the arms or legs.
It has numerous possible consequences, ranging from relatively harmless to life-threatening.
Depending on the severity of injury, quickness of management and transportation to an appropriate medical facility may be necessary to prevent loss of life or limb.
A lipoma is a benign tumor composed of adipose tissue.
Proposed environmental factors include rubbing the eyes and allergies.
They present as a firm mass, often subareolar, and are caused by the obstruction of a lactiferous duct.
When occurring, auras allow people who have epilepsy time to prevent injury to themselves and/or others.
NF-1 was formerly known as von Recklinghausen disease after the researcher who first documented the disorder.
Some DSAP cases have been reported in patients with acute immune compromised situations, particularly in the elderly.
When people have multiple focal seizures they generally have a condition known as temporal lobe epilepsy.
It is usually caused by a fall from height when one lands on their feet.
TNG is caused by a toxic multinodular goiter.
Oculogyric crisis is the name of a dystonic reaction to certain drugs or medical conditions characterized by a prolonged involuntary upward deviation of the eyes.
There is speculation that the efferent portion of the auditory nerve has been affected.
Cognitive behavioral therapy may be added to this.
Other methods of prevention include treating high blood pressure, treating high blood cholesterol and not being overweight.
The initial symptom is typically enlargement of the hands and feet.
It is thought to be caused by microtears in the connective tissue in and around the tendon, leading to an increase in tendon repair cells.
A compression fracture is a collapse of a vertebra.
Kidney stones typically form in the kidney and leave the body in the urine stream.
Nevus of Ota is a blue hyperpigmentation that occurs on the face.
Frequently, the autoantibodies in the blood are negative and many people have only minor intestinal changes with normal villi.
This inflammation is usually caused by respiratory syncytial virus and is much more common in the winter months.
Biopsy is the most sure method of diagnosis.
Most ectopic pregnancies occur in the Fallopian tube which are known as tubal pregnancies.
Not all individuals show a complete loss of language comprehension.
People often become infected again after treatment.
The identification of possible genetic markers to these tumours is currently underway.
Ordinarily, the body generates just the right amount of tissue to repair damage.
An arterial embolus may travel further down the affected blood vessel where it can lodge as an embolism.
In 2015, 263,000 deaths from liver cancer were due to hepatitis B, 167,000 to hepatitis C, and 245,000 to alcohol.
Diabetes mellitus is weakly associated with CTS.
The neoplastic cells circulating in the peripheral blood are termed villous lymphocytes due to their characteristic appearance.
Since the condition typically resolves itself, medical professionals do not consider it to be serious or a cause for concern.
Those affected are most often 30 to 50 years old and female.
Asthma is a common long-term inflammatory disease of the airways of the lungs.
A retrognathic mandible is commonly referred to as an overbite, though this terminology is not used medically.
Infestation is the state of being invaded or overrun by pests or parasites.
LEMS usually occurs in people over 40 years of age, but it may occur at any age.
It more commonly affects people of northern European descent.
It results from a dysfunction of cranial nerve VII.
Lungs, often as a result of oligohydramnios during gestation or the existence of congenital diaphragmatic hernia
FFI has no known cure and involves progressively worsening insomnia, which leads to hallucinations, delirium, confusional states like that of dementia, and eventually, death.
Subsequently, the discovery of penicillin and its use in the treatment of syphilis rendered paresis curable and avoidable.
The disease is spread between people by pinworm eggs.
Milia can also be confused with stubborn whiteheads.
Increased requirements occur in HIV/AIDS and in those with rapid red blood cell breakdown.
Diagnosis is typically with medical imaging such as a CT scan or magnetic resonance imaging scan along with a physical exam.
In medical training, psychosis as a sign of illness is often compared to fever since both can have multiple causes that are not readily apparent.
Split hand/foot malformation is characterized by underdeveloped or absent central digital rays, clefts of hands and feet, and variable syndactyly of the remaining digits.
Women with MSK experience more stones, UTIs, and complications than men.
The term is from Greek askítes meaning "baglike".
It involves either the upper or lower lymphedematous extremities but is most common in upper extremities.
It is important to distinguish between addiction and drug abuse of benzodiazepines and normal physical dependence on benzodiazepines.
It is found only in Kashmir in the northwest of the Indian subcontinent.
It is named after John Kelso Ormond, who rediscovered the condition in 1948.
Abdominal obesity is not confined only to the elderly and obese subjects.
These flies live near rivers, hence the name of the disease.
These are typically spread by exposure to infected feces.
Diagnosis is often made by biopsy, as well as CT.
Symptoms of herpetic whitlow include swelling, reddening and tenderness of the skin of infected finger.
Scarring hair loss occurs in otherwise healthy men and women of all ages and is seen worldwide.
Treatment is with either niacin or nicotinamide supplementation.
There is a strong correlation between central obesity and cardiovascular disease.
Though multiple causes have been posited, the scientific consensus is that a lack of genetic diversity is the primary reason behind heterochromia.
It is associated with anomalous development of the first branchial arch and second branchial arch.
Their secretion lubricates the skin, protecting it from drying out or becoming irritated.
African tick bite fever is a type of spotted fever.
One study found that patients with cardiac asthma represented one third of congestive heart failure in elderly patients.
It is more likely that the transverse metatarsal ligament is the cause of the entrapment.
This specific type of dystonia is frequently found in children, with symptoms starting around the ages of 11 or 12.
Dermatophytids are fungus-free disseminated skin lesions resulting from induced sensitization in patients with ringworm infections.
Symptoms may include a severe headache of rapid onset, vomiting, decreased level of consciousness, fever, and sometimes seizures.
OCD usually causes pain and swelling of the affected joint which catches and locks during movement.
It is characterized by an incubation period of 7 to 14 days.
Around 1 in every 3,500 babies in the United States contract the infection.
ACR score is a scale to measure change in rheumatoid arthritis symptoms.
POEMS syndrome typically begins in middle age – the average age at onset is 50 – and affects up to twice as many men as women.
However, some physicians view costochondritis and Tietze's syndrome as separate disease states due to the absence of costal cartilage swelling in costochondritis.
A "double depression" is the occurrence of episodes of major depression in addition to dysthymia.
Neonatal sepsis is divided into two categories: early-onset sepsis and late-onset sepsis.
The lack of this enzyme results in an abnormal accumulation of complex carbohydrates known as mucopolysaccharides, and of fatty substances known as mucolipids.
This is in contrast to rhizomelic dwarfism in which the upper portions of limbs are short such as in achondroplasia.
There is not any evidence of brain involvement.
These lesions, called plaques, may be irregularly round-shaped to oval and are 10 cm or larger in diameter.
Still, in some cases the same basic feature can manifest as either a discomfort or a complication depending on the severity.
Craniofacial abnormalities are congenital musculoskeletal disorders which primarily affect the cranium and facial bones.
Dyskinesia can be anything from a slight tremor of the hands to an uncontrollable movement of the upper body or lower extremities.
It is one of the major air pollutant capable of causing severe heath hazards such as coronary artery disease as well as stroke.
The condition can be diagnosed by sialography.
The condition usually resolves spontaneously over one to five years.
Munro's microabscess is an abscess in the stratum corneum of the epidermis due to the infiltration of neutrophils from papillary dermis into the epidermal stratum corneum.
In the United States about 20% of people at one point in time develop pinworm.
GAD is also common in individuals with a history of substance abuse and a family history of the disorder.
One in five cases involve both hips, resulting in pain on both sides of the body.
Compression of the laryngopharynx, larynx or vertebrate trachea in strangulation.
Onset often occurs in those less than 20.
In adults the spinal cord stretches in the course of normal activity, usually leading to progressive spinal cord damage if untreated.
Only 15% of HCM patients have been diagnosed, which means the majority of patients with HCM are undiagnosed.
Erythema induratum is a panniculitis on the calves.
Not all of the placenta being delivered, a tear of the uterus, or poor blood clotting are other possible causes.
The complications are hepatic encephalopathy and impaired protein synthesis.
Leukoplakia generally refers to a firmly attached white patch on a mucous membrane which is associated with an increased risk of cancer.
Common proteinopathies that are found in FTLD include the accumulation of Tau proteins and TARDBPs.
Glycogen storage disease type I or von Gierke disease, is the most common of the glycogen storage diseases.
Medications used include NSAIDs, steroids, DMARDs such as sulfasalazine, and biologic agents such as infliximab.
PASLI stands for “p110 delta activating mutation causing senescent T cells, lymphadenopathy, and immunodeficiency.” The immunodeficiency manifests as recurrent infections usually starting in childhood.
They occur in the intermuscular fascial planes or deep-seated areas.
Erythema infectiosum or fifth disease is one of several possible manifestations of infection by parvovirus B19.
Synonyms include Mullerian aplasia with hypoplastic thumbs, hypoplastic thumb Mullerian aplasia, and Mullerian aplasia with unilateral hypoplasia of the thumbs and skeletal spine deformities.
The term "pasteurellosis" is often still applied to mannheimiosis, although such usage has declined.
The virus is endemic to Australia, Papua New Guinea, Fiji, Samoa, the Cook Islands, New Caledonia and several other islands in the South Pacific.
AB variant is caused by a failure in the gene that makes an enzyme cofactor for beta-hexosaminidase, called the GM2 activator.
Chambers of the heart in hypoplastic left heart syndrome and hypoplastic right heart syndrome
Hyoid bone fracture is a very rare fracture of the hyoid bone, accounting for 0.002% of all fractures.
It is also more frequent in a woman's first pregnancy and if she is carrying twins.
As of 2011, in those below age five, there were about 1.7 billion cases resulting in about 700,000 deaths.
In 2013, anemia due to iron deficiency resulted in about 183,000 deaths – down from 213,000 deaths in 1990.
Myoclonus dystonia results from mutations in the SGCE gene coding for an integral membrane protein found in both neurons and muscle fibers.
It is similar to diffuse large B-cell lymphoma; however, it generally has a significantly better prognosis.
This roughening can lead to pain in the eyes, breakdown of the outer surface or cornea of the eyes, and eventual blindness.
The abnormal erythrocytes are sphere-shaped rather than the normal biconcave disk shaped.
Americans consume much higher dosages of iodine compared to the 25–100 ug/day that Europeans consume.
They are derived from an osteoclast-monocyte lineage determined primarily by expression of CD68, a marker for monocytic precursor cells.
It is also known as Kaposi varicelliform eruption, Pustulosis varioliformis acute and Kaposi-Juliusberg dermatitis.
The corneal endothelial cells normally do not undergo mitotic cell division, and cell loss results in permanent loss of function.
Due to widespread use and popular concern, the risk of toxicity from dental amalgam has been exhaustively investigated.
Yaws is spread by direct contact with the fluid from a lesion of an infected person.
Treatment consists of rewarming, when refreezing is not a concern.
Medications used include antiparasitics such as albendazole with ivermectin, or albendazole with diethylcarbamazine.
This is particularly true, and there is added risk, in particular situations such as medication that suppresses the immune system or advancing age.
The parasites travel to the liver where they mature and reproduce.
By the end of the 20th century, these terms themselves have come to be widely seen as disparaging, politically incorrect, and in need of replacement.
Risk factors for Hodgkin lymphoma include infection with Epstein–Barr virus and a history of the disease in the family.
Chlamydia can be cured by antibiotics with typically either azithromycin or doxycycline being used.
The extent of the opening may vary from pin size to complete absence of the ventricular septum, creating one common ventricle.
The pterygoid plates lie posterior to the upper dental row, or alveolar ridge, when viewing the face from an anterior view.
Some forms of meningitis are preventable by immunization with the meningococcal, mumps, pneumococcal, and Hib vaccines.
The person will become unconscious and may well have a tonic clonic seizure.
In young children, providing food between six months and two years of age improves outcomes.
This gene is responsible for producing the protein Histone methyltransferase which functions to alter histones.
More recently eculizumab and treprostinil have been employed.
Not much is known about it, cause or treatment, as it has only been reported 41 times throughout history.
No cure for SSPE exists and the condition is often fatal.
Peripheral artery disease most commonly affects the legs, but other arteries may also be involved.
Cytomegalic inclusion body disease is the most common cause of congenital abnormalities in the United States.
In children a BMI for age percentile of less than the 5th percentile is often used.
Several management options exist for anembryonic pregnancies that have not miscarried on their own.
The condition is three times more common in males than in females.
The underlying mechanism is believed to involve changes in hormone levels.
Cases of unknown cause affect about 95 million people as of 2013.
However, other viruses can also cause viral meningitis.
The syndrome generally occurs within the first 20 years of life.
Protein–energy malnutrition affects children the most because they have less protein intake.
Patients with limited cutaneous scleroderma have a 10-year survival rate of 75%; less than 10% develop pulmonary arterial hypertension after 10 to 20 years.
Withdrawal symptoms from opiates include anxiety, sweating, vomiting, and diarrhea.
Antipsychotics, even for hallucinations, should generally be avoided due to side effects.
These tissues form a framework, or matrix, for the body, and are composed of two major structural protein molecules: collagen and elastin.
A large number of adolescents who binge-drink also consume other psychotropic substances.
The cause of EM appears to be a highly sensitive reaction that can be triggered by a variety of causes.
Other symptoms may include fever, weakness, and headache.
The initial descriptions of the condition are from the mid-1800s.
A woman may have a combination of vaginal infections at one time.
In a survey of people from cultures which do not wear shoes, no cases of bunions were found, lending credence to the first hypothesis.
Median age from the time the disease is diagnosed to the time of death is approximately 6 months.
Endometritis is inflammation of the endometrium, the inner lining of the uterus.
Episcleritis or scleritis – nodules appear in or overlying the sclera
There is also typically mild to moderate intellectual impairment and behavioral problems.
Some doctors therefore consider these syndromes to be the same.
The deformity is due to a failure in early fetal development where the shoulder fails to descend properly from the neck to its final position.
Hyperinsulinemia has been shown to "play a role in obese hypertension by increasing renal sodium retention".
During the second stage pushing with contractions may occur.
Due to their contribution in describing the disease, it is still named Strümpell-Lorrain disease in French speaking countries.
Recommendations include rest, fluids, and medications to help with fever and joint pain.
The condition is less common in people of Asian or African descent and affects men and women equally.
Essentially all affected people had been in Germany or France shortly before becoming ill.
More than 5000 cases of poisoning occur in the United States each year.
Rates in Europe and North America are less than 1%.
This is typically measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry at the hip.
AD may be acute or chronic, depending on whether it lasts more or less than six months.
HAPE remains the major cause of death related to high-altitude exposure, with a high mortality rate in the absence of adequate emergency treatment.
Diagnosis is by seeing the worms which are about one centimeter or the eggs under a microscope.
It can appear in any body part.
The infection results from inhalation of a spore-like small-cell variant, and from contact with the milk, urine, feces, vaginal mucus, or semen of infected animals.
Endotheliitis is an immune response within the endothelium in blood vessels, in which they become inflamed.
Supraventricular tachycardia is an abnormally fast heart rhythm arising from improper electrical activity in the upper part of the heart.
Alpha-thalassemia is a form of thalassemia involving the genes HBA1 and HBA2.
Prevention is by eating a healthy diet, regular exercise, maintaining a healthy weight and not smoking.
Treatment of ANUG is by debridement and antibiotics in the acute phase, and improving oral hygiene to prevent recurrence.
This defect normally results from congenital abnormality, trauma or tumor growth.
Risk factors include obesity, caffeine, and constipation.
Dorsalgia refers to those conditions causing back pain.
A gallstone is a stone formed within the gallbladder out of bile components.
About 2.4 per 100,000 people are affected a year.
In some developing countries, overnutrition in the form of obesity is beginning to present within the same communities as undernutrition.
In addition, priming can assist amnesiacs in the learning of fresh non-declarative knowledge.
Pulmonary embolism, a potentially life-threatening complication, is caused by the detachment of a clot that travels to the lungs.
The increase in blood volume often results in true hyponatremia in which the plasma sodium levels are lowered and total body fluid is increased.
Such variations depend largely on the fly species and where the larvae are located.
Then, vomiting, diarrhea and rash usually follow, along with decreased function of the liver and kidneys.
During the World Wars study increased and it was known under various terms including "shell shock" and "combat neurosis".
Scrub typhus occurs in Southeast Asia, Japan, and northern Australia.
The mental and physical development of children may be affected.
This resulted in about 2.9 million hospitalizations and 176,000 deaths.
The diagnosis of hiatus hernias is often by endoscopy.
For a dry mouth, chewing gum, sipping water, or a saliva substitute may be used.
Multicentric Castleman's disease is associated with lymphoma and Kaposi's sarcoma.
These difficulties occur a quarter to a third of the time on average.
Osteopoikilosis is a benign, autosomal dominant sclerosing dysplasia of bone characterized by the presence of numerous bone islands in the skeleton.
Among patients undergoing head and neck radiotherapy, pain and decreased oral function may persist long after the conclusion of therapy.
During puberty, in both sexes, acne is often brought on by an increase in hormones such as testosterone.
Möbius syndrome is an extremely rare congenital neurological disorder which is characterized by facial paralysis and the inability to move the eyes from side to side.
The bacterial spores which cause it are common in both soil and water.
2,4-Dienoyl-CoA reductase deficiency was initially described in 1990 based on a single case of a black female who presented with persistent hypotonia.
A Cervical pregnancy is an ectopic pregnancy that has implanted in the uterine endocervix.
A femoral hernia may be either reducible or irreducible, and each type can also present as either obstructed or strangulated.
Prepatellar bursitis is an inflammation of the prepatellar bursa at the front of the knee.
It has been proposed as an indicator of ovulation.
When beta-hexosaminidase is no longer functioning properly, the lipids accumulate in the nervous tissue of the brain and cause problems.
The pain can be acquired or congenital.
Scombroid syndrome can result from inappropriate handling of fish during storage or processing.
Aniridia in some individuals occurs as part of a syndrome, such as WAGR syndrome, genitourinary anomalies and intellectual disability), or Gillespie syndrome.
The twisting can occur around the long axis of the stomach: this is called organoaxial or around the axis perpendicular to this, called mesenteroaxial.
CBT results in resolution for about half of people.
This chromosome abnormality is most commonly associated with the myelodysplastic syndrome.
If there is an underlying cause, treating it may lead to improvements.
Patellar tendinitis, is a relatively common cause of pain in the inferior patellar region in athletes.
Often symptoms get better after the 20th week of pregnancy but may last the entire pregnancy.
Caesarean section appears protective against colonization and is much less common.
About 22 million women and 5.5 million men in the European Union had osteoporosis in 2010.
Diagnosis is typically based on the symptoms.
Thecomas or theca cell tumors are benign ovarian neoplasms composed only of theca cells.
The disease is progressive and fatal, with median survival of about 2 years from the time of diagnosis to death.
The first full length medical study of the condition was John Eric Erichsen's classic book, On Railway and Other Injuries of the Nervous System.
Children and older people are less commonly affected.
Recommended initial treatment for ARS is watchful waiting.
Methylmalonic acidemia stems from several genotypes, all forms of the disorder usually diagnosed in the early neonatal period, presenting progressive encephalopathy, and secondary hyperammonemia.
The word comes from the Greek πίτυρον "bran".
This may be done by vomiting or taking laxatives.
The average adult gets two to four colds a year, while the average child may get six to eight.
Airsickness is usually a combination of spatial disorientation, nausea and vomiting.
Menkes disease, also known as Menkes syndrome, is an X-linked recessive disorder that affects copper levels in the body, leading to copper deficiency.
Many research projects are underway regarding the medical healing process of clavicle fractures.
While the onset of schizophrenia is often gradual over a number of months or years, the onset of schizophreniform disorder can be relatively rapid.
Risk factors are believed to include a family history of the condition.
The new system offers a better description of underlying pulmonary disease and its severity.
Most commonly joints becomes infected via the blood but may also become infected via trauma or an infection around the joint.
Eales' disease with a characteristic clinical picture, fluorescein angiographic finding, and natural course is considered a specific disease entity.
Physical stress causes multiple tiny fractures where the middle of the metatarsal meets the growth plate.
The term "necrotising fasciitis" first came into use in 1952.
Bart–Pumphrey syndrome is a cutaneous condition characterized by hyperkeratoses over the metacarpophalangeal, proximal and distal interphalangeal joints.
Blood may be present in the stool.
They can occur near the superior vena cava or inferior vena cava, but the former are more common.
These growths are more common in fair-skinned people and those who are frequently in the sun.
Achilles tendon rupture is when the achilles tendon tears.
Legius syndrome is an autosomal dominant condition characterized by cafe au lait spots.
The embolus may be a blood clot, a fat globule, a bubble of air or other gas, or foreign material.
The symptoms of platinosis may include asthma, dermatitis, dyspnea, conjunctival vasodilatation, and rhinopharyngitis.
Dependence and misuse of benzodiazepines have been of concern since 2002.
Symptoms may include muscle pains, weakness, vomiting, and confusion.
For example, an incident most people would view as an accident or coincidence, a paranoid person might believe was intentional.
Prognosis : 10~20% of cases metastase leading to death.
Counselling to provide emotional support may be useful.
In the United States, more men die of cirrhosis than women.
Treatment of other Entamoeba infections apart from E. histolytica is not needed.
Surrounding the nuclear material is a nucleocapsid that has an icosohedral symmetry of T = 4, and is approximately 40 nm in diameter.
Ectropion is a medical condition in which the lower eyelid turns outwards.
Being an X-linked disorder, HHS primarily affects males.
Granuloma gluteale infantum is a cutaneous condition that appears in the anogenital region of infants as a complication of diaper dermatitis.
A progressive skeletal muscle weakness usually develops in other areas of the body as well; often the weakness is asymmetrical.
Overjet is the extent of horizontal overlap of the maxillary central incisors over the mandibular central incisors.
It occurs more frequently in women and presents in the 20–55 year age group.
They are skin-colored or yellowish firm, rounded bumps, 1–3 mm in diameter, and may be confused with xanthoma, milia, hidrocystoma, trichoepithelioma, and xanthelasma.
Small blood vessels may be present, particularly in large polyps.
In a 2011 study of 227 children with the syndrome, "the oldest survivor [was] 24 years old."
Bruxism is excessive teeth grinding or jaw clenching.
Back pain is a characteristic symptom of AS, and it often comes and goes.
Injections of botulinum toxin into the bladder is another option.
The condition affects one in 5,000 to 50,000 cases where people are given anesthetic gases.
Infection commonly results during bathing, washing, drinking, in the preparation of food, or the consumption of food that is infected.
These lesions are created when the animal licks, chews, scratches and rubs a focal area of skin in response to an itchy, painful stimulus.
It can affect other animals such as pigs, cows and horses.
Its occurrence is 1 in 5.5 million boys in the United States.
Macular degeneration typically occurs in older people.
Arsenic poisoning is a medical condition that occurs due to elevated levels of arsenic in the body.
Unlike esotropia, fusion is possible and therefore diplopia is uncommon.
Primary pellagra is due to a diet that does not contain enough niacin and tryptophan.
Argyll Robertson pupils are bilateral small pupils that reduce in size on a near object, but do not constrict when exposed to bright light.
Snakes bite both as a method of hunting and as a means of protection.
Although no known hormonal link has been found, DSAP occurs more commonly in women.
Estimates of the percentage of people affected range from 20 to 50% among travelers to the developing world.
It is derived from spinal nerves L4 to S3.
Pendred syndrome or Pendred disease is a genetic disorder leading to congenital bilateral sensorineural hearing loss and goitre with euthyroid or mild hypothyroidism.
In 2015 about 90.5 million people had cancer.
In some cases of blind loop syndrome, overgrowth of pathogenic non-commensal bacteria has also been noted.
The acronym chILD is used for this group of diseases and is derived from the English name, Children’s Interstitial Lung Diseases – chILD.
Shigellosis is caused by one of several types of Shigella bacteria.
Treatment may include a combination of surgery, radiation therapy, chemotherapy, and targeted therapy.
A nonossifying fibroma is a fibrous bone lesion that is usually asymptomatic and discovered as an incidental finding on x-ray.
It may co-exist with other tauopathies such as progressive supranuclear palsy and corticobasal degeneration, and also Pick's disease.
Brucellosis has been recognized in animals and humans since the 20th century.
It is associated with a triad of exophthalmos, lytic bone lesions, and diabetes insipidus.
Given its origin and behavior it is classified as a sarcoma.
High stress levels, anxiety, as well as inexpensive easily accessible alcohol increases risk.
These palsies can affect gaze in a horizontal, upward, or downward direction.
Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus occurs when the kidneys do not respond properly to vasopressin.
WPW syndrome is treated with either medications or radiofrequency catheter ablation.
Dysgerminoma is extremely rare after age 50.
Evidence suggests that cognitive behavioral therapy and a gradual increase in activity suited to individual capacity can be beneficial in some cases.
The survival rate for CNS tumors is around 60%.
OTC deficiency is inherited in an X-linked recessive manner, meaning males are more commonly affected than females.
It has features similar to Marfan syndrome and Ehlers–Danlos syndrome.
In pathology, "ulcer is the breach of the continuity of skin, epithelium or mucous membrane caused by sloughing out of inflamed necrotic tissue."
Male infants are severely undervirilized causing their external genitalia to look feminine.
Macrodontia is a type of localized gigantism in which teeth are larger than normal for the particular type(s) of teeth involved.
In the United States, five-year survival rates for vulvar cancer are around 70%.
Chloracne is an acne-like eruption of blackheads, cysts, and pustules associated with over-exposure to certain halogenated aromatic compounds, such as chlorinated dioxins and dibenzofurans.
This syndrome's acronym is an intended pun.
Outbreaks of disease may occur in childcare settings and schools.
Screening people without symptoms and at normal risk for the disease is not recommended as of 2017.
Newborns with CDH often have severe respiratory distress which can be life-threatening unless treated appropriately.
Treatment options are quite limited and usually involve a combination of rest, analgesics, or anti-inflammatory medications.
Salivary gland hypoplasia tends to produce xerostomia, with all the associated problems this brings.
It is associated with a mutation in the PHEX gene sequence and subsequent inactivity of the PHEX protein.
A vaso-occlusive crisis is a common painful complication of sickle cell anemia in adolescents and adults.
Although piebaldism may visually appear to be partial albinism, it is a fundamentally different condition.
It is also possible to have abnormal thyroid function tests without any clinical symptoms.
In the developing world, one of the common sources of air pollution is poorly vented heating and cooking fires.
Upon recent reports, optic nerve health decompression may be beneficial for a select group of patients with a gradual decline in vision due to ION.
There is a lack of evidence that chiropractic manipulation, dietary supplements or exercises can prevent the condition worsening.
It is the most common form of muscular dystrophy that begins in adulthood.
Trichomoniasis is a sexually transmitted infection which is most often spread through vaginal, oral, or anal sex.
Large-cell carcinoma is a heterogeneous group of undifferentiated malignant neoplasms that lack the cytologic and architectural features of small cell carcinoma and glandular or squamous differentiation.
Protein wasting in kwashiorkor generally leads to edema and ascites, while muscular wasting and loss of subcutaneous fat are the main clinical signs of marasmus.
Carbon monoxide primarily causes adverse effects by combining with hemoglobin to form carboxyhemoglobin preventing the blood from carrying oxygen.
Having pouches in the large intestine that are not inflamed is known as diverticulosis.
The contact is usually of a non-sexual nature.
Timothy syndrome often ends in early childhood death.
The precise mechanism that causes PPS is unknown.
The term commonly refers to the veins on the leg, although varicose veins can occur elsewhere.
Hyperinsulinemia in neonates can be the result of a variety of environmental and genetic factors.
It is equally common in both sexes.
The term hereditary spastic paraplegia was coined by Anita Harding in 1983.
Rates have increased in the last few decades which is believed to be due to better detection.
Inborn errors of metabolism are also a risk factor.
A red enlarged nose may occur in severe disease, a condition known as rhinophyma.
It was described by Patterson and Watkins in 1962.
This sign is associated with the same causes as the symptom.
Delirium is probably the single most common acute disorder affecting adults in general hospitals.
E. gallinarum demonstrates an inherent, low-level resistance to vancomycin.
If a person is not able to take food by mouth, an injection of glucagon may help.
In the United States in 2015 there were 33,000 deaths due to drug overdose involving opioids.
Symptoms include skin rashes, severe arthritis, and chronic meningitis leading to neurologic damage.
It is unusual for symptoms to begin after the age of thirty-five, and half of people develop problems before twenty.
Trichoblastomas are a cutaneous condition characterized by benign neoplasms of follicular germinative cells.
Approximately 100 patients with acne fulminans have been described.
In general, the signs can be categorized into physical signs, behavioral changes, cognitive impairment, and sleep disturbances.
Often it starts or is worse at night.
It is a very rare disorder that is not associated with any specific ethnic or racial groups.
With treatment outcomes are often generally good when the condition has only been present a short time.
Fibroadenomas are sometimes called breast mice or a breast mouse owing to their high mobility in the breast.
Problems in sickle cell disease typically begin around 5 to 6 months of age.
Hip dysplasia is a congenital or developmental deformation or misalignment of the hip joint.
Although talon cusp may not appear serious, it can cause clinical, diagnostic, functional problems and alters the aesthetic appeal.
However, in most cases, a wide variety of ages can be considered normal, and not a cause for medical concern.
In those who have recently survived an infection, reinfection usually causes milder symptoms.
It is found predominantly in women after menopause and is usually asymptomatic.
It was characterized by William Bean in 1958.
Due to holes in the pipes the PCB leaked into the rice bran oil.
The hand is a very complex organ with multiple joints, different types of ligament, tendons and nerves.
Approximately 85% of lower gastrointestinal bleeding involves the colon, 10% are from bleeds that are actually upper gastrointestinal bleeds, and 3–5% involve the small intestines.
It can be sufficiently severe to produce abnormal posturing of the affected limbs, particularly the thumbs.
Aetiopathology is similar to rheumatoid arthritis, but with less marked cartilage erosion, and joint instability and absent rheumatoid factor.
It most often begins around 64 years of age and occurs more commonly in males than females.
STIs other than HIV resulted in 108,000 deaths in 2015.
Dependent personality disorder, formerly known as asthenic personality disorder, is a personality disorder that is characterized by a pervasive psychological dependence on other people.
However, with each infection, immunity develops, and subsequent infections are less severe; adults are rarely affected.
For example, scars that prevent joints from extending or scars that cause an ectropion are considered wound contractures.
The rare Parsonage-Turner Syndrome causes brachial plexus inflammation without obvious injury, but with nevertheless disabling symptoms.
While a cardiac arrest may be caused by heart attack or heart failure, these are not the same.
The tract formed by this process is a fistula.
Paraproctitis is a purulent inflammation of the cellular tissues surrounding the rectum.
In children, ultrasound is preferred while in adults a CT scan is preferred.
It occurs when the patella slips out of its normal position in the patellofemoral groove, and generally causes intense pain with swelling of the knee.
Onchocerciasis, also known as river blindness, is a disease caused by infection with the parasitic worm Onchocerca volvulus.
There is no treatment, and sheep usually die within 36 hours of the onset of signs.
Depending on the severity of the jaw's dislocation, pain relief such as paracetamol may assist to alleviate the initial chronic pain.
Lymphoepithelioma is also known as "class III nasopharyngeal carcinoma" in the WHO classification system.
Intussusception occurs more commonly in children than adults.
The condition is named for the appearance of the electrocardiogram on which a prolongation of the QT interval occurs.
In some cases the end of the smaller left aortic arch closes and the vascular tissue becomes a fibrous cord.
Some of these include alcohol, NO, carbon monoxide poisoning, cocaine, caffeine and monosodium glutamate.
In 2015, 4,500 cases were officially reported worldwide, down from nearly 100,000 in 1980.
HCM is frequently asymptomatic until sudden cardiac death, and for this reason some suggest routinely screening certain populations for this disease.
They may also occur elsewhere in the body where mucous membranes exist like the cervix, vocal folds, and small intestine.
However, the pain or other symptoms often radiate to the part of the body served by that nerve.
Approximately 50% of HH cases occur with no sense of smell and are classified as Kallmann syndrome.
Ingestion of thyroid hormone also suppresses thyroglobulin levels helping to differentiate thyrotoxicosis factitia from other causes of hyperthyroidism, in which serum thyroglobulin is elevated.
The squamous odontogenic tumor is a rare odontogenic tumor found in any area of the alveolar bone.
Complications may include feeding problems, prematurity, intestinal atresia, and intrauterine growth retardation.
Following complete removal less than 20% recur.
In pathology, a cylindroma is a tumour with nests of cells that resemble a cylinder in cross section.
They may be dark, light, tan, pink, red, a combination of all these, or have the same color as the surrounding skin.
Using a comb can help with detection.
Those with few symptoms and no worrisome features can often be closely followed.
Epithelioid sarcoma most commonly strikes young adults, yet no age group is immune.
Paroxysmal attacks or paroxysms are a sudden recurrence or intensification of symptoms, such as a spasm or seizure.
Conversely, optic nerve damage may occur with normal pressure, known as normal-tension glaucoma.
Tauopathy belongs to a class of neurodegenerative diseases associated with the pathological aggregation of tau protein in neurofibrillary or gliofibrillary tangles in the human brain.
When applied to skeletal dysplasias, mesomelic dwarfism describes generalised shortening of the forearms and lower legs.
Among those affected the majority develop cancer, most often acute myelogenous leukemia, and 90% develop bone marrow failure by age 40.
The median age at diagnosis for all patients with neuroendocrine tumors is 63 years.
It is defined as acute rhinosinusitis if it lasts less than 4 weeks, and as chronic rhinosinusitis if it lasts for more than 12 weeks.
In cases of proportionate dwarfism, both the limbs and torso are unusually small.
Situs inversus is a congenital condition in which the major visceral organs are reversed or mirrored from their normal positions.
It is one of several genetic disorders known to be highly prevalent among the Afrikaner population.
Hyperplasia is a common preneoplastic response to stimulus.
Complications may include calcium deposits in muscles or skin.
Although inflammation may also affect the brain, the lesions are different from those observed in the related condition, multiple sclerosis.
Atypical ductal hyperplasia, abbreviated ADH, is the term used for a benign lesion of the breast that indicates an increased risk of breast cancer.
However, correlative evidence exists linking BoDV-1/2 infection with neuropsychiatric disorders such as bipolar disorder.
Some researchers are examining patients with Urbach–Wiethe disease to learn more about other conditions that exhibit similar neurological symptoms, such as autism.
It is sometimes called Christmas disease, named after Stephen Christmas, the first patient described with this disease.
It is thought that these difficulties arise from dysfunction in the central nervous system.
Symptoms include acute or increased muscular weakness, pain in the muscles, and fatigue.
Other names for norepinephrine include noradrenaline and noradrenalin.
Medications used to treat MS, while modestly effective, can have side effects and be poorly tolerated.
As a result of these findings, the number of women taking hormone treatment dropped precipitously.
Some sources state that the term "dysfunctional" implies a hormonal mechanism.
Examples include Iron deficiency anemia and pernicious anemia.
Disorders in this vast network of blood vessels, can cause a range of health problems which can be severe or prove fatal.
It includes intracerebral bleeds, subarachnoid bleeds, epidural bleeds, and subdural bleeds.
Intrauterine growth restriction may cause or be the result of hypoxia.
The symptoms are caused by a thinning or complete absence of the part of the temporal bone overlying the superior semicircular canal of the vestibular system.
Taeniasis is a parasitic disease due to infection with tapeworms belonging to the genus Taenia.
Subphrenic abscess is a disease characterized by an accumulation of infected fluid between the diaphragm, liver, and spleen.
Central pain syndrome is a neurological condition caused by damage or malfunction in the Central Nervous System which causes a sensitization of the pain system.
Welders are commonly exposed to the substances that cause metal fume fever from the base metal, plating, or filler.
About 44% of those affected die within a month.
Peripheral circulatory collapse involves outlying arteries and veins in the body and can result in gangrene, organ failure or other serious complications.
Medications used include dantrolene, bromocriptine, and diazepam.
Protein–energy malnutrition or protein–calorie malnutrition refers to a form of malnutrition where there is inadequate calorie or protein intake.
It is the primary form of myxomatous degeneration of the valve.
Macrocheilia is a condition of permanent swelling of the lip that results from greatly distended lymphatic spaces.
Common terms, including mole, birthmark, and beauty mark, are used to describe nevi, but these terms do not distinguish specific types of nevi from one another.
Urinary bladder disease includes urinary bladder inflammation such as cystitis, bladder rupture and bladder obstruction.
Surgery may be required to repair the area of injured skin from some recluse bites.
30% of affected people had a common cold prior to developing the disease.
Compared to lymphocytic myocarditis, giant cell myocarditis is much more severe with much more rapid progression.
The exact causes of pedophilia have not been conclusively established.
Binucleation can be easily visualized through staining and microscopy.
Symptoms include signs of dehydration, weakness, legs cramps, trouble seeing, and an altered level of consciousness.
Polyneuropathy is damage or disease affecting peripheral nerves in roughly the same areas on both sides of the body, featuring weakness, numbness, and burning pain.
Fragile X syndrome is thought to cause autism and intellectual disability, usually among boys.
Helminthiasis may also refer to ancylostomiasis, but this term also refers to all other parasitic worm diseases as well.
Lenz–Majewski syndrome is a skin condition characterized by hyperostosis, craniodiaphyseal dysplasia, dwarfism, cutis laxa, proximal symphalangism, syndactyly, brachydactyly, mental retardation, enamel hypoplasia, and hypertelorism.
NAIT occurs in somewhere between 1/800 and 1/5000 live births.
In adults, blood cells are formed in the bone marrow, by a process that is known as haematopoiesis.
Some experience some level of this phantom pain and feeling in the missing limb for the rest of their lives.
CMT was previously classified as a subtype of muscular dystrophy.
It is estimated that at least 75% of preterm infants would survive with appropriate treatment.
In Europe and Asia, the bacteria Borrelia afzelii and Borrelia garinii are also causes of the disease.
Urethral caruncles can accompany the skin changes related to lowered estrogen levels.
GAS infections can cause >500,000 deaths per year.
HSV has been classified into two distinct categories, HSV-1 and HSV-2.
The time is dependent on the distance the virus must travel to reach the central nervous system.
After diagnosis, medical imaging of the pituitary is carried out to look for an adenoma.
Other names include T-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia, "knobby" type of T-cell leukemia, and T-prolymphocytic leukemia/T-cell lymphocytic leukemia.
However, the molecular pathways leading to the manifestation of the diseases are not fully understood.
It affects between 0.1 and 0.3% in the population.
Studies show that, in the long term, a robust recovery from most types of oxygen toxicity is possible.
Human cytomegalovirus is a species of the Cytomegalovirus genus of viruses, which in turn is a member of the viral family known as Herpesviridae or herpesviruses.
The best-known leeches, such as the medicinal leech, Hirudo medicinalis, are hematophagous, feeding on vertebrate blood and invertebrate hemolymph.
One of the most important factors used to determine the clinical suspicion of malignancy of an adnexal mass is the sonographic appearance of the mass.
There are no published systematic population studies on NRH and our current knowledge is limited to case reports and case series.
There have been over 30 cases of WR.
Dissociated Vertical Deviation is a special type of hypertropia leading to slow upward drift of one or rarely both eyes, usually when the patient is inattentive.
The colonoscopy is normal but histology of the mucosal biopsy reveals an accumulation of lymphocytes in the colonic epithelium and connective tissue.
SA blocks are categorized into three classes based on the length of the delay.
It has been suggested that phenylephrine may be a cause.
The paler area is due to the blood vessels within the area which are more sensitive to the body’s normal vasoconstricting chemicals.
Femoral hernias occur just below the inguinal ligament, when abdominal contents pass through a naturally occurring weakness called the femoral canal.
Severe cases can lead to passing out, abnormally low blood pressure, and sudden death.
The effect of color blindness on artistic ability, however, is controversial.
It may be accompanied by vomiting and sweating.
Further testing of the skin or blood may be useful in certain cases.
The primary risk factor for erethism is long-term exposure to mercury vapors and gasses at high levels.
Hydrolethalus syndrome is a rare genetic disorder that causes improper fetal development, resulting in birth defects and often stillbirth.
By comparison, the median or typical adult height in these populations is about 177 centimetres for men and 164 centimetres for women.
The syndrome is rare with fewer than 50 cases described in the medical literature to date.
However, typically in healthy populations fingernails grow at about 0.1mm/day and toenails at about 0.05mm/day.
The cause of osteomata is uncertain, but commonly accepted theories propose embryologic, traumatic, or infectious causes.
In addition to agenesis of the corpus callosum, other callosal disorders include hypogenesis, dysgenesis of the corpus callosum, and hypoplasia of the corpus callosum.
It is also known as ergotoxicosis, ergot poisoning and Saint Anthony's Fire.
In some cases, 48 to 72 hours after being bitten, a more severe rash-like irritation may begin to spread across the body.
Severe complications include intellectual disability, movement disorders, difficulty swallowing, seizures, behavioral problems, progressive problems with development, and an inability to control body temperature.
The causes can include bacterial, viral or chemical products, such as antibiotics – specifically penicillins or cephalosporins.
In contrast, distal occlusions result in more serious complications.
In a wider sense, glossitis can mean inflammation of the tongue generally.
The name 3-M originates from the initials of the three authors Miller, McKusick and Malvaux who first reported the syndrome in literature.
Triggers include infections, stroke, trauma, certain medications, and heart attacks.
Phorias are known as 'latent squint' because the tendency of the eyes to deviate is kept latent by fusion.
The word "pellucid" means clear, indicating that the corneas retain clarity in pellucid marginal degeneration.
Most commonly, the wrist and hands are involved, with the same joints typically involved on both sides of the body.
Treatments range from behavioral-based options such as bedwetting alarms, to medication such as hormone replacement, and even surgery such as urethral enlargement.
Loose-textured tissue allows red blood cells released from damaged vessels to diffuse through the necrotic tissue.
A keratin disease is a genetic disorder of one of the keratin genes.
Neuroblastoma is a type of cancer that forms in certain types of nerve tissue.
Symptoms usually develop in people over thirty years old, although the dark discoloration of the urine is present from birth.
Symptoms occur in about 5 to 40 percent of patients who undergo cholecystectomy, and can be transient, persistent or lifelong.
Onycholysis  is a common medical condition characterized by the painless detachment of the nail from the nail bed, usually starting at the tip and/or sides.
Other types include partial fetal alcohol syndrome, alcohol-related neurodevelopmental disorder and alcohol-related birth defects.
Risk factors include low potassium, low magnesium, and high calcium.
The three main features are cleft palate, retrognathia and glossoptosis.
They may be caused by general exertion, sexual excitement, or contraction of the neck and facial muscles.
The expanded CAG repeats create an adverse gain-of-function mutation in the gene products.
A variety of factors can result in this condition.
All GSID patients lack fully functional sucrase, while the isomaltase activity can vary from minimal functionality to almost normal activity.
Environmental factor or ecological factor or ecofactor is any factor, abiotic or biotic, that influences living organisms.
In chronic pancreatitis, in addition to the above, temporary feeding through a nasogastric tube may be used to provide adequate nutrition.
The areas most affected are Bangladesh and West Bengal.
An ecchymosis is a subcutaneous spot of bleeding with diameter larger than 1-centimetre.
Testing the blood for antibodies against the virus can confirm a previous infection but will be negative in new infections.
When broken down by the body it results in glycolic acid and oxalic acid which cause most of the toxicity.
Hematochezia is the passage of fresh blood through the anus, usually in or with stools.
Resistant strains of TB are already present in the population, so MDR-TB can be directly transmitted from an infected person to an uninfected person.
Adults, teenagers, and children alike are all subject to dysgraphia.
Symptoms of acute compartment syndrome may include severe pain, poor pulses, decreased ability to move, numbness, or a pale color of the affected limb.
Leg muscles pump the veins to return blood to the heart, against the effects of gravity.
This is most often required due to Crohn's disease in adults and necrotising enterocolitis in young children.
The primary reason this occurs is too much air is delivered during rescue breathing.
The term "endomyometritis" is sometimes used to specify inflammation of the endometrium and the myometrium.
A fecal impaction is a solid, immobile bulk of human feces that can develop in the rectum as a result of chronic constipation.
Cure is a realistic goal and is achieved in more than 80% of affected children, although only 20-40% of adults are cured.
The disorder also occurs in sighted people for reasons that are not well understood.
It usually occurs in young adults or middle aged people, most commonly in females.
Anaplastic large-cell lymphoma is a type of non-Hodgkin lymphoma involving aberrant T cells or null lymphocytes.
If untreated, the line of white blood cells will move across and damage the endothelial cells of the cornea over the space of several days.
Tetrahydrobiopterin deficiency, also called THB or BH4 deficiency, is a rare metabolic disorder that increases the blood levels of phenylalanine.
It is thought to affect 30–100 million people worldwide, mainly in tropical and subtropical countries.
It was initially described in 1671 by Niels Stensen.
Nitroprusside or phenylephrine may be used in those with decompensated heart failure depending on the blood pressure.
AT/RT was only recognized as an entity in 1996 and added to the World Health Organization Brain Tumor Classification in 2000.
This deletion syndrome was discovered independently in 2006 by three different research groups.
Little can be done at present to reverse the motor deficit seen in ideomotor apraxia, although the extent of dysfunction it induces is not entirely clear.
Slit lamp examination is invaluable in diagnosis but initial assessment can be performed using a careful history, testing vision, and carrying out a penlight examination.
The inner ear is particularly important in the maintenance of balance and equilibrium because it contains sensors for both angular and linear motion.
This group includes neutrophilic eccrine hidradenitis and recurrent palmoplantar hidradenitis.
Anal fistula, or fistula-in-ano, is a chronic abnormal communication between the epithelialised surface of the anal canal and the perianal skin.
In areas where the disease is common, the medication praziquantel may be given once a year to the entire group.
Some individuals may complain of an associated burning sensation.
Glycoproteinosis are lysosomal storage diseases affecting glycoproteins, resulting from defects in lysosomal function.
The most common location of enamel pearl is the furcation areas of the maxillary and mandibular third molar roots.
At that time, arthroscopy of the wrist was an innovative technique to determine whether a problem could be found in the wrist.
In the field of medicine, a foreign body, sometimes known as FB, is any object originating outside the body of an organism.
Typically people get better in one or two weeks.
Hallux varus, or sandal gap, is a deformity of the great toe joint where the hallux is deviated medially away from the first metatarsal bone.
Modern surgical techniques for PTE have their roots in the 19th century, but trepanation may have been used for the condition in ancient cultures.
During the initial infection invasion of the intestines can result in diarrhea, abdominal pain, and vomiting.
It was first studied and characterized by Gunnar B. Stickler in 1965.
Nodules may form on tendons and muscles in response to injury.
The resulting symptoms differ based on the affected area of the brain.
Hallux rigidus or stiff big toe is degenerative arthritis and stiffness due to bone spurs that affects the MTP joint at the base of the hallux.
In external otitis, the ear hurts when touched or pulled.
Screening for vision problems in children may improve future vision and educational achievement.
The transverse colon is usually less than 6 cm in diameter.
DPB occurs more often in males, and usually begins around age 40.
School psychologists and other qualified professionals quite often help design the intervention and coordinate the execution of the intervention with teachers and parents.
Pinworm infection, also known as enterobiasis, is a human parasitic disease caused by the pinworm.
But for those who are salicylate intolerant, even small doses of salicylate can cause adverse reactions.
GAPO is an acronym that encompasses the predominant traits of the disorder: growth retardation, alopecia, pseudoanodontia, and worsening optic atrophy in some subjects.
MOH is a serious, disabling and well-characterized disorder, which represents a worldwide problem and is now considered the third-most prevalent type of headache.
It originates from the Latin word urtica, meaning stinging hair or nettle, as the classical presentation follows the contact with a perennial flowering plant Urtica dioica.
Hepatic microvascular dysplasia or portal atresia is a disorder where mixing of venous blood and arterial blood in the liver occurs at the microscopic level.
Samples of body fluids and tissues from people with the disease should be handled with special caution.
Often, it starts between the ages of 40 and 60, but can begin at any age.
Visual impairment can also be caused by problems in the brain due to stroke, premature birth, or trauma among others.
The condition affects middle aged and elderly individuals.
Occasionally, some will grow normally and develop normal intelligence.
While people of all ages are affected, the young are most often affected.
The name porphyria is from the Greek πορφύρα, porphyra, meaning "purple", a reference to the color of the urine that may occur during an attack.
If delirium tremens occurs, aggressive treatment improves outcomes.
Stress fracture, also known as a hairline fracture, or fissure fracture, is a fatigue-induced fracture of the bone caused by repeated stress over time.
Familial progressive hyperpigmentation is characterized by patches of hyperpigmentation, present at birth, which increase in size and number with age.
Focal seizures are seizures which affect initially only one hemisphere of the brain.
People with the condition may experience negative psychosocial effects, and avoid activities that expose the chest.
Tophi form in the joints, cartilage, bones, and other places throughout the body.
It is a cyst which occurs in the remnants between the umbilicus and bladder.
Ancylostomiasis is caused when hookworms, present in large numbers, produce an iron deficiency anemia by sucking blood from the host's intestinal walls.
Injury to the skin can trigger psoriatic skin changes at that spot, which is known as the Koebner phenomenon.
This ”out of place extra bone formation” is commonly referred to as heterotopic ossification.
Immunizing people before they are exposed is recommended for those who are at high risk.
This condition should not be confused with the other unrelated disease called Bazex syndrome, otherwise referred to as Bazex-Dupre-Christol syndrome.
The word is from Greek: ἀν- an-, "without" and ἡδονή hēdonē, "pleasure".
Some characteristics of Abruzzo–Erickson syndrome include deafness, protruding ears, coloboma, a cleft palate or palatal rugosity, and short stature.
Common characteristics of AD include mild depressive symptoms, anxiety symptoms, and traumatic stress symptoms or a combination of the three.
The medical literature has described symptoms similar to ADHD since the 19th century.
Brachial plexus injuries can occur as a result of shoulder trauma, tumours, or inflammation.
Cosmetic surgery can be used to improve the appearance of the nails.
Kangri ulcers are a cutaneous condition prevalent among the poorer classes of Kashmir, and a consequence of wearing warm embers.
Gangrene is not a communicable disease; it does not spread from person to person, though the infection associated to some forms can.
It usually begins in childhood, affecting children between 5 and 14 years old, but cases in adults are possible.
It is caused by mutation in BCS1L gene that occurs in at least 1 out of 47,000 live births in Finnish people.
Patients with neutropenia are more susceptible to bacterial infections and, without prompt medical attention, the condition may become life-threatening.
These fractures represent approximately 2% of all fractures but 60% of tarsal bone fractures.
Almost any organ system can be infected by S. aureus.
Acanthamoeba keratitis is a rare disease in which amoebae invade the cornea of the eye.
The sexual transmitted disease gonorrhea is also known for its cause of nodules on the genitalia and mouth for those who are victim to the disease.
fungi: candidiasis, especially in immunosuppressed patients or who have previously received prolonged antibiotic treatment;
Ann C. Palmenberg is a professor of virology and biochemistry at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
Once popped, the excess skin should not be removed because the skin underneath needs that top layer to heal properly.
It had a very high case fatality in the past but has eventually become preventable, treatable and is now rare.
This should not be confused with ectopic Cushing syndrome or exogenous steroid use.
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder is a mental disorder of the neurodevelopmental type.
Other conditions that produce similar symptoms include stomach cancer, coronary heart disease, and inflammation of the stomach lining or gallbladder inflammation.
Only 1% of people with sarcoidosis will have neurosarcoidosis alone without involvement of any other organs.
A rare genodermatosis, its key features include "rosacea-like facial eruption[,] reticulated hyperpigmentation of major flexures, comedones on the back and neck, and pitted facial scars."
The risk of death among those infected is usually 0.2%, but may be up to 10% in those who have malnutrition.
The frequency is about 1.8% in spayed female dogs.
Pain often decreases with rest and diminished activity.
Camptodactyly can be caused by a genetic disorder.
While screening in the general population does not appear to be useful, screening high risk groups by examination of the throat might be useful.
Most cases that result in symptoms can be cured by surgery.
The condition was discovered in 1987 and the name arose from the individuals who first reported the syndrome.
Trying to treat the lesion by hitting it with a book is discouraged.
This results in lesions which are thick, white and velvety on the inside of the cheeks within the mouth.
It is one of the few conditions which causes posterior hip pain.
Volvulus is a rare but life-threatening cause of bowel infarction which requires immediate medical attention.
This causes affected bone to weaken, resulting in pain, misshapen bones, fractures and arthritis in the joints near the affected bones.
This is known as immune-mediated stromal keratitis.
DFSP is a fibrosarcoma, more precisely a cutaneous soft tissue sarcoma.
Humans normally become infected by ingestion of embryonated eggs from contaminated sources.
In 5% of cases, the entire colon is affected.
Pain and symptom management are an important part of care.
Being overweight is especially common where food supplies are plentiful and lifestyles are sedentary.
No cure for muscular dystrophy is known.
There are two isoforms of glycogen synthase enzyme; GYS1 in muscle and GSY2 in liver, each with a corresponding form of the disease.
The inhalation form presents with fever, chest pain, and shortness of breath.
In 2015, PD affected 6.2 million people and resulted in about 117,400 deaths globally.
That is, oral candidiasis is a mycosis of Candida species on the mucous membranes of the mouth.
It mainly causes vision changes, ataxia and impaired memory.
At approximately 30 minutes after the onset of total ischemia the damage becomes irreversible, thereby ending the phase of myocardial stunning.
Albinism results from inheritance of recessive gene alleles and is known to affect all vertebrates, including humans.
Without treatment it is uncommon for agoraphobia to resolve.
It occurs in about 20% of those admitted to hospital and 10% of people during or after an endurance sporting event.
Muscles often contract and are unable to relax.
Microcytosis is a condition in which red blood cells are unusually small as measured by their mean corpuscular volume.
It can also mean a fear of voices, or a fear of one's own voice.
Arising as a broad base and a smooth surface, flat tori are located on the midline of the palate and extend symmetrically to either side.
Infant botulism happens when the bacteria develops in the intestines and releases the toxin.
Jacob Churg and Lotte Strauss who, in 1951, first published about the syndrome using the term "allergic granulomatosis" to describe it.
Cretinism is a condition of severely stunted physical and mental growth owing to untreated congenital deficiency of thyroid hormone usually owing to maternal hypothyroidism.
A male voyeur is commonly labeled as "Peeping Tom" or a "Jags", a term which originates from the Lady Godiva legend.
Molluscum dermatitis represents a unique form of id reaction, in which patients may present with localized or widespread eczema surrounding scattered lesions of molluscum contagiosum.
Taken together, sphingolipidoses have an incidence of approximately 1 in 10,000, but substantially more in certain populations such as Ashkenazi Jews.
IgG subclass deficiencies affect only IgG subclasses, with normal total IgG and IgM immunoglobulins and other components of the immune system being at normal levels.
There may be a gap of a few months to 2 to 3 years from the time of initial infection to the point of diagnosis.
In the United States, it is thought to affect 1 in 100,000 of the adult population, making it 10% as common as haemophilia A.
Stress fractures most frequently occur in weight-bearing bones, such as the tibia, metatarsals, and navicular bones.
There are two main types: primary Raynaud's, when the cause is unknown, and secondary Raynaud's, which occurs as a result of another condition.
The symptoms can be mistaken for those of dengue fever and Zika fever.
In this case, it is usually mainly the brain being affected.
Treatment may include, niacin or statin or ezetimibe.
Therefore, lumbar puncture with CSF analysis is often needed to identify the disease.
This may lead to malnutrition and a variety of anaemias.
Treatment for bacteremia is with antibiotics, and prevention with antibiotic prophylaxis can be given in high risk situations.
body temperature, alertness, and hormone secretion as well as sleep timing.
When the eyes are affected azithromycin eye drops may help.
Biopsies show evidence of inflammatory cells or red blood cells in the lamina propria.
In CLL, B cells grow in an uncontrolled manner and accumulate in the bone marrow and blood, where they crowd out healthy blood cells.
Gliomas make up about 30% of all brain and central nervous system tumors and 80% of all malignant brain tumors.
The syndrome includes flushing and diarrhea, and less frequently, heart failure, emesis and bronchoconstriction.
The diagnosis is typically suspected based on symptoms and confirmed by genetic testing.
The specific problem is compression of the left common iliac vein by the overlying right common iliac artery.
Nicotine poisoning describes the symptoms of the toxic effects of nicotine following ingestion, inhalation, or skin contact.
It occurs most often in young people and females.
Some symptoms may be improved with the use of anti-inflammatory drugs such as ibuprofen.
Heller had previously used the name dementia infantilis for the syndrome.
No vaccine is available to protect people against Fasciola infection.
Although it is similar, 6PDG deficiency is not linked to glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency, as they are located on different chromosomes.
Mevalonate kinase deficiency, also called mevalonic aciduria and hyper immunoglobin D syndrome is an autosomal recessive metabolic disorder that disrupts the biosynthesis of cholesterol and isoprenoids.
Scars are areas of fibrous tissue that replace normal skin after injury.
It therefore requires differentiating from other CNS problems with similar symptoms, including meningitis and some types of intracranial hemorrhage.
Adenosquamous carcinoma is a type of cancer that contains two types of cells: squamous cells and gland-like cells.
This number is much higher in other parts of the world, such as Colombia, where up to 81% of children have been infected.
It, along with a similar condition in the first part of the intestines known as duodenitis, resulted in 50,000 deaths in 2015.
The condition was first described in 1901 by Augustin Nicolas Gilbert.
It is a genetic disorder caused by the mutation of the ESCO2 gene on 8th chromosome.
A person may cough so hard that they vomit, break ribs, or become very tired from the effort.
In both cases, there is usually an underlying cause.
"Keratoconjunctivitis photoelectrica" means inflammation caused by photoelectric UV light.
Symptoms can vary from none to severe.
Tentative evidence supports the use of medications of the bisphosphonate type.
Ulnar neuropathy is a disorder involving the ulnar nerve.
Most deaths are caused by P. falciparum because P. vivax, P. ovale, and P. malariae generally cause a milder form of malaria.
Recently the drug nitisinone has been found to suppress homogentisic acid production, and research is ongoing as to whether it can improve symptoms.
The condition may also be known as :
Treatment with iron supplementation and mechanical widening of the esophagus generally provides an excellent outcome.
Pre-eclampsia usually occurs after 32 weeks; however, if it occurs earlier it is associated with worse outcomes.
Males and females are affected about equally.
Treatment : Because chemotherapy is ineffective; the patient should undergo hysterectomy.
Gomez-Lopez-Hernandez Syndrome was first characterized in 1979.
Facial nerve paralysis is a common problem that involves the paralysis of any structures innervated by the facial nerve.
Beside 5-FU, widely prescribed oral fluoropyrimidine capecitabine could put DPD-deficient patients at risk of experiencing severe or lethal toxicities as well.
Eiko Ishioka, Japanese costume designer who won an Academy Award for Best Costume Design for Bram Stoker's Dracula in 1992
Birth defects may be the result of genetic or environmental factors.
In mild cases, the fetus may have mild anaemia with reticulocytosis.
Severe cases of costal cartilage inflammation that also involve painful swelling are sometimes referred to as Tietze's syndrome, a term sometimes used interchangeably with costochondritis.
The most common cause is injury to the base of the nail where the nail is formed.
The first attack may also be accompanied by fever, sore throat, and enlarged lymph nodes.
Myoclonic dystonia or Myoclonus dystonia syndrome is a rare movement disorder that induces spontaneous muscle contraction causing abnormal posture.
Symptoms start two hours to five days after exposure.
They can be diagnosed from the history with unilateral foul smelling blood stained nasal discharge or by anterior rhinoscopy.
Toxocariasis is often called visceral larva migrans.
Food intolerance reactions can occur to naturally occurring chemicals in foods, as in salicylate sensitivity.
Arteritis and phlebitis are forms of vasculitis.
The incidence of infection in canaries and finches is believed to be lower than in psittacine birds.
Additionally cases may occur without an obvious reason.
Typically improvement occurs within a day of starting treatment.
Not enough exercise and smoking are also risk factors.
To be classified as adenocarcinoma, the cells do not necessarily need to be part of a gland, as long as they have secretory properties.
Nursing calves and lambs may have died from their mothers' milk contaminated with snakeroot, although the adult cows and sheep showed no signs of poisoning.
Workup of the patient with papillitis includes lumbar puncture and cerebrospinal fluid analysis.
The contractures may be mild and tend to reduce in severity, but residual camptodactyly always remains present.
These cancerous cells have the ability to invade other parts of the body.
This deletion involves the proximal section of the long arm of chromosome 18 somewhere between 18q11.2 to 18q21.1.
People of all ages can be affected.
The risk of migraines usually decreases during pregnancy.
People with regular exposure to pigs are at increased risk of swine flu infection.
Most people who have experienced a traumatic event will not develop PTSD.
The cost associated with treating the sick and controlling the outbreak exceeded £470,000.
It is recommended that soft drinks containing phosphoric acid be avoided.
It was independently described first in 1905 by Zappert as jactatio capitis nocturna and by Cruchet as rhythmie du sommeil.
It is the third most common cause of severe HDN.
Argyrophilic grain disease, another type of dementia, is marked by an abundance of argyrophilic grains and coiled bodies upon microscopic examination of brain tissue.
It can but does not necessarily have an opening to the skin surface called a fistula.
Lysosomes break down this unwanted matter via enzymes, highly specialized proteins essential for survival.
In the most common situation, situs inversus totalis, it involves complete transposition of all of the abdominal organs.
Freckles will increase in number and darkness with sunlight exposure, whereas lentigines will stay stable in their color regardless of sunlight exposure.
Diagnosis is based on a person's signs and symptoms and requires other problems such as urinary tract infections or neurological conditions to be excluded.
The virus is one of a group of mosquito-borne or arthropod-borne viruses, also called arboviruses, that can cause fever and meningitis or meningoencephalitis, mostly in adults.
Risk factors include exposure to tobacco smoke, dust, and other air pollution.
DYSF is also associated with limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2B.
In some individuals, the QT prolongation occurs after the administration of certain medications, which may be dangerous.
Meningitis can lead to serious long-term consequences such as deafness, epilepsy, hydrocephalus, or cognitive deficits, especially if not treated quickly.
There appear to be some genetic components with identical twins more often affected than non-identical twins.
Mutations in the SERPINI1 gene cause familial encephalopathy with neuroserpin inclusion bodies.
Nerve conduction studies help to confirm the diagnosis.
Pregnancy, also known as gestation, is the time during which one or more offspring develops inside a woman.
Normal volume hypernatremia can be due to fever, inappropriately decreased thirst, prolonged increased breath rate, diabetes insipidus, and from lithium among other causes.
It is named for Judith Hall and Philip Pallister.
In extreme cases, the woman may have been forced to enter an insane asylum or to have undergone surgical hysterectomy.
Due to the disturbance in sleep, people with RLS may have daytime sleepiness, low energy, irritability, and a depressed mood.
It rarely occurs in the absence of other abnormalities.
Squamous cell skin cancer: A type of skin cancer
It is thought to be caused by ischemic necrosis of minor salivary glands in response to trauma.
Recently, however, there is a controversy on categorizing Kyrle disease with perforating dermatosis or a subtype of acquired perforating collagenosis.
The degree of NFT involvement in AD is defined by Braak stages.
The contaminated rice bran oil was then sold to poultry farmers for use as a feed supplement and to consumers for use in cooking.
The syndrome is caused by a mutation in the fumarate hydratase gene, which leads to an accumulation of fumarate.
Risk factors for RLS include low iron levels, kidney failure, Parkinson's disease, diabetes mellitus, rheumatoid arthritis, and pregnancy.
Targeted treatment and treatment response vary from patient to patient, depending on his or her symptoms.
The term was coined in 1937 by the renowned ophthalmologist Ida Mann.
Pain is usually constant, worse at night, and with cold weather.
The word "angina" comes from the Greek word ἀγχόνη ankʰónē, meaning "strangling".
Progeria was first described in 1886 by Jonathan Hutchinson.
Central DI usually starts between the ages of 10 and 20 and occurs in males and females equally.
Atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome is an extremely rare, life-threatening, progressive disease that frequently has a genetic component.
Meningism involves the triad of nuchal rigidity, photophobia, and headache.
They are usually spread by eating or drinking food or water contaminated with the feces of an infected person.
Intraocular hemorrhage can be a subretinal, retinal, preretinal, subhyaloidal, or intra-vitreal hemorrhage.
Causes of lower GI bleeds include: hemorrhoids, cancer, and inflammatory bowel disease among others.
Black hairy tongue refers to a condition of the tongue where the filiform papillae elongate with black or brown discoloration, giving a black and hairy appearance.
Recurrent episodes following resolution of the initial episode were rare, occurring in just 1.6% of cases.
Diagnosis may be made by blood tests, CT scan, colonoscopy, or lower gastrointestinal series.
Extrapyramidal symptoms, also known as extrapyramidal side effects, are drug-induced movement disorders that include acute and tardive symptoms.
It is a rare genetic disorder, and is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern and predisposes patients to cardiac arrhythmias.
These benefits are less than those seen with therapy.
If the symptoms are severe, the term "substance intoxication delirium" may be used.
Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease is the most prevalent, potentially lethal, monogenic human disorder.
HPS is a "rare respiratory illness associated with the inhalation of aerosolized rodent excreta contaminated by hantavirus particles."
The word is from the Greek kéras meaning cornea and the Latin cōnus meaning cone.
Although the disorder is rare, the affected group is diverse.
Hypertrophic osteoarthropathy is a medical condition combining clubbing and periostitis of the small hand joints, especially the distal interphalangeal joints and the metacarpophalangeal joints.
The current name came into use in 1976.
Ectopia lentis is a displacement or malposition of the eye's crystalline lens from its normal location.
BCD is a rare disease and appears to be more common in people with Asian ancestry.
Strict food supervision is typically required starting around the age of three in combination with an exercise program.
These viruses are closely associated with both human and veterinary disease.
They may be associated with other diseases such as polycythemia, pancreatic cysts and Von Hippel-Lindau syndrome.
Staphylococcal scalded skin syndrome,, also known as Pemphigus neonatorum or Ritter's disease, or Localized bullous impetigo is a dermatological condition caused by Staphylococcus aureus.
Liquid forms of cyanide can be absorbed through the skin.
The disease is named after the outbreak where it was first identified, the 1976 American Legion convention in Philadelphia.
Gastrointestinal stromal tumors are the most common mesenchymal neoplasms of the gastrointestinal tract.
Studies are limited, and no randomized controlled trials have been performed regarding the treatment of AIN syndrome.
Scratching may cause skin breakdown and an additional bacterial infection of the skin.
Nevertheless, in developing countries, and among the very old, the very young, and the chronically ill, pneumonia remains a leading cause of death.
But the exact mechanisms of most of the various forms of adult hemochromatosis, which make up most of the genetic iron overload disorders, remain unsolved.
This is when the flaps of one of the heart’s valves are “floppy” and don’t close tightly.
They can sometimes occur on the thicker skin of the palms or bottom of the feet.
Sleep paralysis is when, during awakening or falling asleep, one is aware but unable to move.
Sebaceous lymphadenoma is a benign tumour of the salivary gland.
Congenital amegakaryocytic thrombocytopenia is a rare inherited disorder.
However, there are a number of diverse treatments which together have been used to limit the negative effects of the condition.
Without treatment, an adrenal crisis can result in death.
One common definition of thrombocytopenia requiring emergency treatment is a platelet count below 50,000 per microliter.
The hyperinsulinemia condition subsides after one to two days.
It is more prevalent in women than men, and in persons past the age of seventy.
Blood type can affect the presentation and severity of symptoms of vWD.
Human prion diseases include Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease and its variant, Gerstmann–Sträussler–Scheinker syndrome, fatal familial insomnia, and kuru.
As this syndrome can present secondary to multiple anticonvulsants, the general term "anticonvulsant hypersensitivity syndrome" is favored over the original descriptive term "dilantin hypersensitivity syndrome."
The condition was first researched extensively by Lenore E. Walker, who used Martin Seligman's learned helplessness theory to explain why abused spouses stayed in destructive relationships.
Caplan's syndrome is a combination of rheumatoid arthritis and pneumoconiosis that manifests as intrapulmonary nodules, which appear homogenous and well-defined on chest X-ray.
Complications that can result from heart defects include heart failure.
High-speed vehicle accidents are the most common cause.
Nausea, vomiting, pain in arms and legs, hearing loss, tinnitus, vertigo, dizziness and paraesthesia of the scalp are common.
Airway clearance techniques, a type of physical therapy, are recommended.
It is not tied to cholelithiasis or cholecystitis.
It usually does not develop until less than 2 m of the normally 6.1 m small intestine remains.
Avoidant personality disorder is a Cluster C personality disorder.
Panophthalmitis is the inflammation of all coats of the animal eye including intraocular structures.
In 2013, benzodiazepines were involved in 31% of the estimated 22,767 deaths from prescription drug overdose in the United States.
Extravasation is the leakage of intravenously infused potentially damaging medications into the extravascular tissue around the site of infusion.
It may occur as a transitional stage between normal aging and dementia.
The sign was described in 1899 by Friedrich Ernst Krukenberg, who was a German pathologist specialising in Ophthalmology.
Then the cause-effect connection with syphilis was discovered in the late 1880s.
If tetrahydrobiopterin deficiency is not treated, excess phenylalanine can build up to harmful levels in the body, causing intellectual disability and other serious health problems.
Stargardt causes progressive vision loss usually to the point of legal blindness.
The symptoms are very variable, making it a notoriously difficult condition to diagnose.
In 1991, the AMA further endorsed the dual classification of alcoholism by the International Classification of Diseases under both psychiatric and medical sections.
The scope of GSD VI now also includes glycogen storage disease type VIII, IX and X.
It tends to start in the teens and twenties, although it can occur at any age.
One mistake that is often made is the misdiagnosis of NSRED for NES.
The reason for this cell death is poorly understood, but involves the build-up of proteins into Lewy bodies in the neurons.
This is typically glucocorticoids, followed by other agents such as cyclophosphamide or azathioprine.
The hypothalamus is the control center for several endocrine functions.
Head-lice infestations are common, especially in children.
Low blood pressure occurs due to decreased systemic vascular resistance resulting in pooling of blood within the extremities lacking sympathetic tone.
Early detection through screening is useful for cervical and colorectal cancer.
It is a benign and self-limiting lesion.
Ameloblastic carcinoma is a rare form of odontogenic tumor, one that develops in the jawbones from the epithelial cells that generate the tooth enamel.
VEE can affect all equine species, such as horses, donkeys, and zebras.
The cysts and cavities cause a wide range of physiological, physical, and neurological symptoms.
Diagnosis in young healthy women can be based on symptoms alone.
Caries-inhibiting effects of fluoride were first seen in 1902 when fluoride in high concentrations was found to stain teeth and prevent tooth decay.
There is no known cause or cure although stress is a common factor.
Often the optic nerve shows an abnormal amount of cupping.
Eosinophilia–myalgia syndrome is an incurable and sometimes fatal flu-like neurological condition linked to the ingestion of the dietary supplement L-tryptophan.
The condition can occur up to six weeks following delivery.
Hand injuries can result from excessive use, degenerative disorders or trauma.
PBC is a relatively rare disease, affecting up to 1 in 3–4,000 people.
Medications are not useful in this type of phobia.
The severity of disease is usually graded by the degree of problems with exercise.
Other types of vaso-occlusive crisis in sickle cell anemia include dactylitis, priapism, abdominal pain, and jaundice.
The prognosis of this set of tumours is highly variable and dependent on the specific sub-classification.
Cerebral bleeding affects about 2.5 per 10,000 people each year.
Chikungunya is an infection caused by the chikungunya virus.
It is intricately related to the pancreas, spleen and liver.
According to William James, the term was coined by Théodule-Armand Ribot.
Brucella species are small, gram-negative, nonmotile, nonspore-forming, rod-shaped bacteria.
Erythema multiforme minus is sometimes divided into papular and vesiulobullous forms.
These groups include people with diabetes and those who drink excessive alcohol.
Perthes is a form of osteochondritis which only affects the hip, although other forms of osteochondritis can affect elbows, knees, ankles, and feet.
This condition called Sinding-Larsen and Johansson syndrome was described independently by Sinding-Larsen in 1921 and Johansson in 1922.
Thelazia nematodes are often referred to as "eyeworms."
A stye and cellulitis may appear similar.
Hypoprolactinemia is a medical condition characterized by a deficiency in the serum levels of the hypothalamic-pituitary hormone prolactin.
This is commonly referred to as "obstruction", although the urethral lumen is no less patent, only compressed.
Inborn errors of amino acid metabolism are metabolic disorders which impair the synthesis and degradation of amino acids.
Congenital anomalies resulted in about 632,000 deaths per year in 2013 down from 751,000 in 1990.
Cartilage–hair hypoplasia, also known as McKusick type metaphyseal chondrodysplasia, is a rare genetic disorder.
Gillespie syndrome, also called aniridia, cerebellar ataxia and mental deficiency.
A Khodadoust Line or chronic focal transplant reaction is a medical sign that indicates a complication of corneal graft surgery on the eye.
These secretions increase the amount of bacteria in the lungs, result in airway blockage and further breakdown of the airways.
Females are more often affected than males.
It should be distinguished from renovascular hypertension, which is a form of secondary hypertension.
Anomalous conduction via accessory pathways create the re-entry circuit, that exist between the atria and ventricles.
Efforts to prevent dementia include trying to decrease risk factors such as high blood pressure, smoking, diabetes, and obesity.
The infection may also be introduced through a skull fracture following a head trauma or surgical procedures.
Multiple doses of charcoal may be required.
The low-grade type is more often found in children or young adults, while the high-grade type are more prevalent in adults.
This results in hyperthyroidism, without the eye bulging effects seen in Grave's disease.
Once the immobilization period has ended, physical therapy involves continuous passive motion and/or low impact activities, such as walking or swimming.
This condition accounts for an estimated 8 percent of all cases of craniosynostosis.
The majority occur in otherwise normal children; a minority are associated with other developmental abnormalities.
Joseph Cardinal Bernardin, cardinal, Archbishop Emeritus of Chicago
Certain medications or Botox may be used in some cases, but more permanent relief is brought by esophageal dilatation and surgical cleaving of the muscle.
It is more common in adults in their fifth and sixth decades.
In 2015, Cuba became the first country in the world to eliminate mother-to-child transmission of syphilis.
X-linked congenital stationary night blindness is a rare X-linked non-progressive retinal disorder.
It was named by Henry Stanley Plummer.
Signs and symptoms can range from none to mild such as headaches, muscle pains, and fevers; to severe with bleeding from the lungs or meningitis.
Calcaneal spurs are typically detected by a radiographic examination.
Generally, more men are affected than women.
Stunted children may never regain the height lost as a result of stunting, and most children will never gain the corresponding body weight.
Sound generators or hearing aids may help some.
Treatment depends on the type and severity.
Anal fistulae originate from the anal glands, which are located between the internal and external anal sphincter and drain into the anal canal.
Vitamin A deficiency or hypovitaminosis A is a lack of vitamin A in blood and tissues.
Tietz syndrome, also called Tietz albinism-deafness syndrome or albinism and deafness of Tietz, is an autosomal dominant congenital disorder characterized by deafness and leucism.
Patent ductus arteriosus is a condition wherein the ductus arteriosus fails to close after birth.
About 950 million people are at risk of the disease in 54 countries.
Other possible diagnoses include: diabetes mellitus, low phosphorus levels, or hyperkalaemia.
It may occur via spread from the blood or from surrounding tissue.
It is associated with necrobiosis lipoidica and granuloma annulare.
In severe cases, the condition causes seizures and episodes of sudden, involuntary muscle jerking or twitching in addition to dementia.
Drugs sourced from plants, such as aspirin, can also cause these kinds of reactions.
Most parasomnias are dissociated sleep states which are partial arousals during the transitions between wakefulness and NREM sleep, or wakefulness and REM sleep.
Affected regions include the head and neck region and the upper part of the trunk.
Epidemiological studies suggest that the incidence of NSF is unrelated to gender, ethnicity, or age and it is not thought to have a genetic basis.
Lathyrism or neurolathyrism is a neurological disease of humans and domestic animals, caused by eating certain legumes of the genus Lathyrus.
It refers to abnormally thin nails which have lost their convexity, becoming flat or even concave in shape.
Internal prolapses are traditionally harder to treat and surgery may not be suitable for many patients.
It can also cause skin rashes, abdominal and chest pains, muscle and joint pains, neurological disorders and skin lumps.
Moyamoya syndrome is unilateral arterial constriction or occurs when one of the several specified conditions is also present.
Almost 700 species of leeches are currently recognized, of which some 100 are marine, 90 terrestrial and the remainder freshwater taxa.
It is usually spread indirectly, normally through contaminated food or water.
ALL was one of the first cancers for which an effective chemotherapeutic treatment was developed.
Other biliary tract cancers include gallbladder cancer and cancer of the ampulla of Vater.
When symptoms do occur they typically begin 5 to 28 days after exposure.
The fourth heart sound or S4 is an extra heart sound that occurs during late diastole, immediately before the normal two "lub-dub" heart sounds.
When this happens, substances accumulate in the cell.
Psoriasis is associated with an increased risk of psoriatic arthritis, lymphomas, cardiovascular disease, Crohn's disease, and depression.
In those who have a wide QRS complex sodium bicarbonate is recommended.
Language disorders or language impairments are disorders that involve the processing of linguistic information.
It occurs more frequently in men than in women, and is most common between the ages of 20 and 60 years.
It is commonly referred to as a "hardening" or furring of the arteries.
The swelling may occur in the face, tongue, larynx, abdomen, or arms and legs.
The incidence decreases with advancing gestational age, from about 50% in babies born at 26–28 weeks, to about 25% at 30–31 weeks.
Symptoms become more noticeable as the cancer progresses.
This disorder is found in individuals with an extra copy or a variation of chromosome 22 in some or all cells of their body.
For unknown reasons, AFP is significantly more common in middle aged or elderly people, and in females.
The underlying disorder is a defect in a DNA repair mechanism.
Male children appear to be more commonly affected than females.
Down syndrome, also known as trisomy 21, is a genetic disorder caused by the presence of all or part of a third copy of chromosome 21.
Sending and receiving of signals to and from parts of the body is reduced, not entirely blocked.
The term "Rheumatic Diseases" is used in MeSH to refer to connective tissue disorders.
In young children this may result in pulling at the ear, increased crying, and poor sleep.
Masses in this area are more likely to be malignant than those in other compartments.
If BPH causes obstruction of the bladder and remains untreated, complications such as recurrent urinary tract infections, bladder stones, and chronic kidney disease may ensue.
The cause of caries is acid from bacteria dissolving the hard tissues of the teeth.
Ductal carcinoma is a type of tumor that primarily presents in the ducts of a gland.
An abrupt stop of pulmonary gas exchange lasting for more than five minutes may damage vital organs especially the brain, possibly permanently.
Typical onset is under the age of 30.
Regurgitation may be due to a structural change of components of the tricuspid valve apparatus, a lesion can be primary or secondary.
Optic gliomas are usually associated with neurofibromatosis type 1 in 30% of patients.
Vaccinating girls with HPV vaccine before initial sexual contact has been shown to reduce incidence of VAIN.
Evidence is not sufficient for the use of fans.
Hepatitis E is a viral hepatitis caused by infection with a virus called hepatitis E virus.
As the name suggests, the oculomotor nerve supplies the majority of the muscles controlling eye movements.
About 90% of those who contract HPV will not develop genital warts, and the remaining 10% who are infected can transmit the virus.
A milk allergy is a food allergy, an adverse immune reaction to one or more of the constituents of milk from any animal.
Other symptoms include belching, vomiting, weight loss, or poor appetite.
Common examples of benign tumors include moles and uterine fibroids.
It is more common in men than women.
Cognitive behavioral therapy is the primary treatment for bulimia.
At 10 years after receiving treatment about 50% of people are fully recovered.
Strict control of the growth and sale of watercress and other edible water plants is important.
The diagnosis is often made intraoperatively after presenting with bowel obstruction.
Onset of symptoms may be rapid or more gradual.
Antibiotics by mouth, such as cephalexin, may be used if large areas are affected.
A periosteal reaction is the formation of new bone in response to injury or other stimuli of the periosteum surrounding the bone.
The largest outbreak to date was the epidemic in West Africa, which occurred from December 2013 to January 2016 with 28,616 cases and 11,310 deaths.
Yearly vaccinations against influenza are recommended by the World Health Organization for those at high risk.
It is more common in men than women.
Germ cell tumors can be cancerous or non-cancerous tumors.
Like uterine papillary serous carcinoma CC does not develop from endometrial hyperplasia and is not hormone sensitive, rather it arises from an atrophic endometrium.
One exception is barodontalgia manifested as referred pain from barosinusitis or barotitis-media.
The American Association of Clinical Endocrinology also released a position statement in 2009 that approved of HRT in appropriate clinical scenarios.
It can contaminate hot water tanks, hot tubs, and cooling towers of large air conditioners.
Beryllium poisoning is poisoning by the toxic effects of beryllium, or more usually its compounds.
Acute glomerulonephritis resulted in 19,000 deaths in 2013 down from 24,000 deaths in 1990 worldwide.
Acute oral toxicity ranges between 1900 and 3300 µg/kg.
A dysfunctional epiglottis is when the epiglottis, the "flap" that separates the trachea from the esophagus, stops working correctly.
It can be caused by increased levels of androgen hormones.
Other symptoms include sensory, sleep, and emotional problems.
A small proportion of people can be cured by a transplant of bone marrow cells.
CTD was first identified in 2001 with the presence of a hemizygous nonsense mutation in the SLC6A8 gene in a male patient.
Muscular dystrophy is a group of muscle diseases that results in increasing weakening and breakdown of skeletal muscles over time.
Various forms include tight filum terminale, lipomeningomyelocele, split cord malformations, dermal sinus tracts, and dermoids.
The word literally means "on the gingiva", and describes only the location of the mass and has no further implications on the nature of the lesion.
Fungi, such as Candida has also been reported as a causative organism.
Rhabdomyosarcoma, or RMS, is an aggressive and highly malignant form of cancer that develops from skeletal muscle cells that have failed to fully differentiate.
Atypical depression has high comorbidity of anxiety disorders, carries more risk of suicidal behavior, and has distinct personality psychopathology and biological traits.
His motility performance, elementary sensitivity, and speech were intact, and he lacked abnormalities in brain nerves.
There are several neuropsychiatric disorders linked with megalencephaly, however, studies have shown that autism is the most prevalent association with the malformation of MEG.
Multiple areas can be affected at a given time.
People have been mining and using lead for thousands of years.
Symptoms begin four to fourteen days after exposure.
Microcytic anaemia is any of several types of anemia characterized by small red blood cells.
Up to 50% of cases of PAD are without symptoms.
North Asian tick typhus, also known as Siberian tick typhus, is a condition characterized by a maculopapular rash.
Many people who have homicidal ideation do not commit homicide.
It is not clear exactly what damage is done and how the symptoms are caused, but stretching of axons and changes in ion channels are involved.
The duct will have characteristic necrotic tissue with calcification that feels cord-like.
While learning disability, learning disorder and learning difficulty are often used interchangeably, they differ in many ways.
Limited joint mobility is observed in roughly 30% of people with diabetes with longstanding disease.
An addictive drug is a drug which is both rewarding and reinforcing.
An eating disorder is a mental disorder defined by abnormal eating habits that negatively affect a person's physical or mental health.
White blood cells of greater than 50,000 mm3 or lactate greater than 10 mmol/l in the joint fluid also makes the diagnosis likely.
Thyroid cancer is cancer that develops from the tissues of the thyroid gland.
This causes the pancreas to produce more insulin in the body.
A similar disease is Dupuytren's disease, which affects the hand and causes bent hand or fingers.
As of 2013 about 125 million people have been exposed to asbestos at work.
Dislocations can occur in any joint major or minor.
Caffeine may be added to the above.
Other efforts include improving access to clean water and otherwise filtering water if it is not clean.
These tumors are believed to start in the cells covering the ovaries, though some may form at the Fallopian tubes.
Beriberi refers to symptoms caused by thiamine deficiency.
In tropical climates, infection is most common during the rainy season.
It is also known as Congenital disorder of glycosylation 1m.
Amputation is the removal of a limb by trauma, medical illness, or surgery.
Dysgraphia should be distinguished from agraphia, which is an acquired loss of the ability to write resulting from brain injury, stroke, or progressive illness.
Episodes may be triggered by any touch to the face.
ADHR may be lumped in with X-linked hypophosphatemia under general terms such as hypophosphatemic rickets.
Progressive dementia results from this gradual loss of nerve cells in certain parts of the brain.
Tuberculous dactylitis is a skeletal manifestation of tuberculosis, one of the commonest bacterial osteitis.
Although the cause of ankylosing spondylitis is unknown, it is believed to involve a combination of genetic and environmental factors.
Vitamin D and calcium supplements are measures that can be used to prevent and treat osteomalacia.
The form of injury is freezing of the skin, a type of frostbite.
The gallstones can cause more serious conditions like fibrinolys disorder or gallstone pancreatitis.
Many thallium(I) compounds are highly soluble in water and are readily absorbed through the skin.
Researchers suggest that Weill–Marchesani syndrome may have autosomal recessive or autosomal dominant inheritance.
Enolase deficiency is associated with a spherocytic phenotype and can result in hemolytic anemia, which is responsible for the clinical signs of Enolase deficiency.
It is an uncommon low-grade malignant lung mass that is most often in the central airways of the lung.
The main causes of obstructed labour include: a large or abnormally positioned baby, a small pelvis, and problems with the birth canal.
A hallucination is a perception in the absence of external stimulus that has qualities of real perception.
The condition is so named for the fine scaly appearance initially present and the pallor of the patches that develop.
Hemolytic disease of the newborn is the second most common cause of severe hemolytic disease of the newborn after Rh disease.
It is usually caused by the staphylococcus bacteria by pus-forming organisms in the blood.
It typically starts as a benign tumor, often in the form of a polyp, which over time becomes cancerous.
Caffeine's ability to block these receptors means the levels of the body's natural stimulants, dopamine and norepinephrine, continue at higher levels.
The second form of rupturing the patellar tendon is a partial tear.
In developed countries, a large proportion of people believe they have food allergies when they actually do not have them.
Pathogenic bacteria are also the cause of high infant mortality rates in developing countries.
Infection is spread to the susceptible patient in the clinical setting by various means.
In 2012, endometrial cancers newly occurred in 320,000 women and caused 76,000 deaths.
Where this condition has been correctly diagnosed, various anti-rheumatic drugs as well as colchicine may be trialled to find the most effective option.
This can occur due to inadequate circulation or perfusion, impaired respiratory effort, or inadequate ventilation.
Ectopic beats are considered normal and are not indicative of cardiac pathology.
There is a hereditary predisposition to both primary and secondary hypertriglyceridemia.
It is estimated that approximately 2.1% of all glioblastomas are gliosarcomas.
Worldwide, cervical cancer is both the fourth-most common cause of cancer and the fourth-most common cause of death from cancer in women.
An otic polyp is a benign proliferation of chronic inflammatory cells associated with granulation tissue, in response to a longstanding inflammatory process of the middle ear.
All IQ tests show variation in scores even when the same person takes the same test over and over again.
Epilepsy can manifest as oculogyric seizures, also called versive seizures.
Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy is an acquired immune-mediated inflammatory disorder of the peripheral nervous system.
As such, it might be used to indicate that a patient has pain in the hands or feet.
It was characterized in 1955 by Frank Gardner and Louis Diamond.
In the context of heart or artery matters, atheromata are commonly referred to as atheromatous plaques.
A cardiomyopathy is a disease that affects the muscle of the heart.
Ulnar–mammary syndrome or Schinzel syndrome is a cutaneous condition characterized by nipple and breast hypoplasia or aplasia.
However, frostbite differs from acrocyanosis because pain often accompanies the former condition, while the latter is very rarely associated with pain.
Ureaplasma spp are not part of the healthy, female vaginal microbiota.
However, there have been accounts of comedocarcinoma which has then diversified into other cell types and developed into infiltrating ductal carcinoma.
Multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2 is a group of medical disorders associated with tumors of the endocrine system.
Healing is through formation of granulation tissue.
Pachyonychia congenita is an autosomal dominant skin disorder.
Globally about 1% of people are affected by vitiligo.
RAD is characterized by markedly disturbed and developmentally inappropriate ways of relating socially in most contexts.
Sometimes medication for diabetes, high cholesterol, or high blood pressure are also used.
The syndromes are diverse, but tend to cause episodes of fever, joint pains, skin rashes, abdominal pains and may lead to chronic complications such as amyloidosis.
Pressure ulcers most commonly develop in individuals who are not moving about, such as those being bedridden or confined to a wheelchair.
Because the plague killed so many of the working population, wages rose due to the demand for labor.
These tumors tend to occur in women in their thirties, but can occur in anyone at any age.
Treatment is typically with cognitive behavioral therapy.
Otophyma is a cauliflower-like swelling of one or both ears.
It seems currently that astrocytes are spared in these IgG negative cases.
About one-third to two-thirds of children with symptoms from early childhood continue to demonstrate notable ADHD symptoms throughout life.
The main symptoms involve impairments in vision, body movement, and speaking.
The condition is difficult to diagnose properly, as the symptoms may resemble those of other bowel disorders.
Desmoplastic small-round-cell tumor is an aggressive and rare cancer that primarily occurs as masses in the abdomen.
Ecthyma gangrenosum is an infection of the skin typically caused by Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
About three-quarters of women have at least one yeast infection at some time during their lives.
Routine examination by an orthopaedic surgeon or rheumatologist will often pay particular attention to this.
Children spread the disease more often than adults.
Anorgasmia is far more common in females than in males and is especially rare in younger men.
Patients with hypokinetic disorders like Parkinson's disease experience muscle rigidity and an inability to produce movement.
In patients with normal renal function Serum aluminium is normally lower than 6 microgram/L.
However, the rate of such malignancies is now known to be less than had been estimated.
As of 2012, esophageal cancer was the eighth-most common cancer globally with 456,000 new cases during the year.
Splenic infarction is a condition in which oxygen supply to the spleen is interrupted, leading to partial or complete infarction in the organ.
However, the exact cause of the disease is not well understood.
Status dystonicus is a serious and potentially life-threatening disorder which occurs in people who have primary or secondary dystonia.
CFS occurs more often in women than in men, and is less common among children and adolescents.
In racquet nails, the width of the nail bed and nail plate is greater than their length.
Complications may include cellulitis or poststreptococcal glomerulonephritis.
DP may affect amateur or professional boxers, wrestlers as well as athletes in other sports who suffer concussions.
It does not typically produce symptoms in children less than a year old.
Tinea faciei is contagious just by touch and can spread easily to all regions of skin.
In those who are able to get a liver transplant, the risk of death is less than 30% over the subsequent five years.
Forms of mesomelic dwarfism currently described include:
Bacillary dysentery should not be confused with diarrhea caused by other bacterial infections.
It can also be classified based on the size of red blood cells and amount of hemoglobin in each cell.
It has been described as "localised albinism", though this is incorrect.
The neoplastic cells manifest varying degrees of anaplasia and invasiveness, and local extension and metastases occur.
T-2 is the mycotoxin implicated with KBD, produced by members of several fungal genera.
Equines, rather than rodents, are the primary animal species that carry and spread the disease.
Risk factors include obesity, not enough physical exercise, and a family history of someone with the condition.
Typically only one ear is affected, at least initially; however, over time both ears may become involved.
The spinal length in boys may be short due to a rapid advance in epiphyseal maturation.
Thrombosis is the formation of a blood clot inside a blood vessel, obstructing the flow of blood through the circulatory system.
Treatment for cardiac arrest is immediate cardiopulmonary resuscitation and, if a shockable rhythm is present, defibrillation.
It is clinically similar to a pericardial effusion, and, depending on the volume and rapidity with which it develops, may cause cardiac tamponade.
This is a segmental dysfunction which persists for a variable period of time, about two weeks, even after ischemia has been relieved.
Its anaplastic cells have poor differentiation, including dedifferentiation.
Increased intracellular cystine profoundly disturbs cellular oxidative metabolism and glutathione status, leading to altered mitochondrial energy metabolism, autophagy, and apoptosis.
Bed bug bites or cimicosis may lead to a range of skin manifestations from no visible effects to prominent blisters.
The cause of head lice infestations are not related to cleanliness.
Candida albicans is the most commonly implicated organism in this condition.
Asplenia refers to the absence of normal spleen function and is associated with some serious infection risks.
It is estimated to affect 300,000 people a year in the United States and 65,000 people a year in Europe.
In many cases, spinal cord injuries require substantial, long-term physical and occupational therapy in rehabilitation, especially if they interfere with activities of daily living.
Historically, what are thought to have been massive pandemics of plague swept through Eurasia with very high death rates and causing major cultural changes.
Plagiocephaly divides into two groups: synostotic plagiocephaly, with one or more fused cranial sutures, and nonsynostotic plagiocephaly.
Cerebellar ataxia is a form of ataxia originating in the cerebellum.
These changes are characteristic of spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia, Strudwick type.
It usually occurs within the mouth, although sometimes mucosa in other parts of the gastrointestinal tract, urinary tract, or genitals may be affected.
KS is diagnosed by the genetic test known as a karyotype.
When anemia comes on slowly, the symptoms are often vague and may include feeling tired, weakness, shortness of breath or a poor ability to exercise.
Congenital megaureter is an uncommon condition which is more common in males, may be bilateral, and is often associated with other congenital anomalies.
Despite their similar causes, FSH insensitivity is considerably less common in comparison to LH insensitivity.
Many hypochondriacs focus on a particular symptom as the catalyst of their worrying, such as gastro-intestinal problems, palpitations, or muscle fatigue.
Hypotropia is the similar condition, focus being on the eye with the visual axis lower than the fellow fixating eye.
For example, someone travelling from New York to London feels as if the time were five hours earlier than local time.
Impaired glucose tolerance is a pre-diabetic state of hyperglycemia that is associated with insulin resistance and increased risk of cardiovascular pathology.
Despite the difficulties, it is important that BP-II individuals be correctly assessed so that they can receive the proper treatment.
Impairment of consciousness, epileptic seizures, neurological signs and symptoms may evolve over time."
Signs and symptoms include cough, shortness of breath, high fever, muscle pains, and headaches.
Occulta has no or only mild signs.
The body's inability to construct new beta-chains leads to the underproduction of HbA.
The condition, however, may recur despite treatment.
enterocolitica occurs most often in young children.
Murray Valley encephalitis virus is a zoonotic flavivirus endemic to northern Australia and Papua New Guinea.
This results in the buildup of dietary phenylalanine to potentially toxic levels.
The phenomenon was confirmed experimentally in the 1930s, with research in anaesthetized rabbits, cats and dogs.
Any of these can result in vascular dementia.
Treating a woman's sexual partners should also occur.
The World Health Organization classified it as a neglected disease.
Prevention includes exercising, eating well, and not smoking.
Clear-cell sarcoma is a rare form of cancer called sarcoma.
More than 95% of deaths occurred in developing countries.
If the diagnosis is suspected, treatment is typically advised.
The disease was first described in the 1700s and in the late 1800s was determined to be related to the parathyroid.
It affects about 5–7% of children when diagnosed via the DSM-IV criteria and 1–2% when diagnosed via the ICD-10 criteria.
Hair loss, also known as alopecia or baldness, refers to a loss of hair from part of the head or body.
The other treatments which include repeated corrective osteotomies and leg-lengthening surgery are costly and associated with residual deformity.
Symptoms that develop include granulomas of the nerves, respiratory tract, skin, and eyes.
She later expanded the application of burnout to include individuals in many other occupations.
Genital herpes is classified as a sexually transmitted infection.
Various treatments are available, although none cures the condition.
The transplanted heart has a high chance of disease recurrence.
Androgen insensitivity syndrome is the largest single entity that leads to 46,XY undermasculinized genitalia.
It is treated by surgical incision of the hymen.
Rupture may result in pain in the abdomen or back, low blood pressure, or loss of consciousness, and often results in death.
Alcohol abuse is a previous psychiatric diagnosis in which there is recurring harmful use of ethanol despite its negative consequences.
EPI is found in humans afflicted with cystic fibrosis and Shwachman–Diamond syndrome, and is common in dogs.
Undernourishment is most often due to not enough high-quality food being available to eat.
The papules were present particularly on the cheeks and forehead, gradually becoming very conspicuous and dominating the clinical picture.
Selective immunoglobulin A deficiency is a genetic immunodeficiency, a type of hypogammaglobulinemia.
In many cases people are not aware that they carry a relevant gene until they have children who begin to show signs of having the disorder.
Dehydration, radiotherapy involving the salivary glands, and several diseases can cause hyposalivation or a change in saliva consistency and hence a complaint of xerostomia.
Bone tends to be sclerotic bone and dense on radiograph and CT scan.
Except for helium and probably neon, all gases that can be breathed have a narcotic effect, although widely varying in degree.
Long nerve processes are affected because long distances make nerve cells particularly sensitive to defects in these mentioned mechanisms.
It may occur as a short episode or may be of a long duration.
Intraocular hemorrhage is bleeding into the eyeball or medical illness.
Testicular microlithiasis is not associated with risk of testicular cancer in asymptomatic individuals with no risk factors for testicular germ cell tumor.
A genetic disorder is a genetic problem caused by one or more abnormalities in the genome, especially a condition that is present from birth.
Devic's disease is now studied along a collection of similar diseases called "Neuromyelitis optica spectrum diseases".
It can be grouped into NID A and NID B, with the "A" form affecting the sympathetic innervation, and the "B" version affecting the parasympathetic innervation.
While large burns can be fatal, treatments developed since 1960 have improved outcomes, especially in children and young adults.
Accordingly, this discovery raised the possibility of intervening after brain ischemia before the damage becomes irreversible.
In 2015 about 38.5 million people were infected.
qR pattern in leads III and aVF
Primary sclerosing cholangitis is a disease of the bile ducts that causes inflammation and obliterative fibrosis of bile ducts inside and/or outside of the liver.
Those affected are often adults and male.
Elevated levels of tryptophan are also seen in Hartnup disease, a disorder of amino acid transport.
In some cases, the nipple will be temporarily protruded if stimulated.
Symptoms often worsen during winter and with certain medications such as beta blockers or NSAIDs.
The condition may be inherited from a person's parents in an autosomal dominant manner or occur as a new mutation.
Pancoast tumors are named for Henry Pancoast, a US radiologist, who described them in 1924 and 1932.
Occasionally not all cells have the extra chromosome, known as mosaic trisomy, and symptoms in these cases may be less severe.
It was first described by Patrick Manson from China in 1882, and the first human case was reported by Charles Wardell Stiles from Florida in 1908.
This can be either done through small incisions or through a single larger incision.
Other mechanisms may also play a role, such as reduced erythropoiesis.
Diabetes and long-term smoking increase the risk of gangrene.
Aphthous stomatitis is a common condition characterized by the repeated formation of benign and non-contagious mouth ulcers in otherwise healthy individuals.
One study found that 73% of patients with borderline personality disorder have attempted suicide, with the average patient having 3.4 attempts.
SCA is hereditary, progressive, degenerative, and often fatal.
There are two main types of fatty liver disease: alcohol-related fatty liver disease and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Genetic testing may be done to determine the specific mutation.
Flaccid paralysis is an illness characterized by weakness or paralysis and reduced muscle tone without other obvious cause.
Trichuriasis belongs to the group of soil-transmitted helminthiasis.
Plummer–Vinson syndrome, also called Paterson–Brown–Kelly syndrome or sideropenic dysphagia, is a rare disease characterized by difficulty in swallowing, iron deficiency anemia, glossitis, cheilosis and esophageal webs.
It is believed that between approximately 1 in 1,000 and 1 in 2,500 children worldwide are born with NS.
Thus, any autoimmune response was perceived to be abnormal and postulated to be connected with human disease.
It is not the same as onychophagia, where the nails are bitten or chewed or dermatillomania, where skin is bitten or scratched.
Other possible causes of macroorchidism are long-standing primary hypothyroidism, adrenal remnants in congenital adrenal hyperplasia, follicle stimulating hormone-secreting pituitary macroadenomas, local tumors, lymphomas, and aromatase deficiency.
Attacks may also alternate from one side of the body to the other, or alternate between affecting one or both sides during a single attack.
However, transplant glomerulopathy is not specific for chronic antibody-mediated rejection; it may be the result of a number of disease processes affecting the glomerular endothelium.
Medical professionals typically diagnose the fetus as being small for the gestational age, or as having intrauterine growth disability when an ultrasound is conducted.
It is less virulent for humans and rabbits.
