Protriptyline is a tricyclic antidepressant, specifically a secondary amine, indicated for the treatment of depression and ADHD.
Iotroxic acid, also known as meglumine iotroxate, is a molecule used as a contrast medium during X-rays.
For sleeping sickness it is used together with eflornithine.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 0.70 USD per dose as of 2014.
Instilled at 2% concentration, ibopamine exhibits several functions at ocular level such as pre- and post-operative mydriatic activity, D1 dopaminergic activity, etc.
The rats on amphetamine performed well on the repetitive task but tended to miss the second stimulus; not so the rats on MK-202.
CAPS is a spectrum of autoinflammatory syndromes including familial cold autoinflammatory syndrome, Muckle–Wells syndrome, and neonatal-onset multisystem inflammatory disease.
Desmethylprodine has been labeled by the DEA as a Schedule I drug in the United States.
Its antibacterial spectrum includes enteric Gram-(−) rods, Haemophilus influenzae, atypical bacteria, and Streptococcus pneumoniae, and anaerobic bacteria.
BAY 73-6691 is a drug developed by Bayer for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
He gives it a ++ on the Shulgin Rating Scale.
Penfluridol is a highly potent, first generation diphenylbutylpiperidine antipsychotic.
On November 4, 2013, dolutegravir was approved by Health Canada.
Common side effects include bone marrow suppression, liver and kidney problems, nausea, fever, rash, shortness of breath, and hair loss.
It acts as a potent, selective and orally active 5-HT6 receptor antagonist, with a Ki of 8.9nM.
While it is not entirely clear the safety of use during pregnancy some physicians recommend that it be continued in those with leprosy.
Xylometazoline was patented in 1956 and came into medical use in 1959.
Etynodiol diacetate has weak androgenic activity, and, unlike most progestins but similarly to norethisterone and noretynodrel, also has some estrogenic activity.
Because of its hepatic metabolism, it may be used in patients with renal dysfunction..
No safety or toxicity data is available on the drug.
It works by slowing the contractions of the intestines.
5-Methyl-3,4-methylenedioxyamphetamine is an entactogen and psychedelic designer drug of the amphetamine class.
Seviteronel is a nonsteroidal CYP17A1 inhibitor and an experimental cancer treatment for prostate cancer.
It is given intravenously, by injection into a muscle, by inhalation, or by injection just under the skin.
Domoxin is a hydrazine derivative monoamine oxidase inhibitor antidepressant which was never marketed.
Mitiglinide has not yet gained FDA approval.
In a multicenter randomized trial in patients with active Graves' ophthalmopathy Teprotumumab was more effective than placebo in reducing the clinical activity score and proptosis.
Leuprorelin was approved for medical use in the United States in 1985.
Vitamin C is an essential nutrient involved in the repair of tissue.
It is thought to do this by stimulating the 5-HT4 receptors on the adrenal glands.
It has been found to be effective for the treatment of pulmonary hypertension.
It is structurally related to thiamine, but acts like a sedative, hypnotic, muscle relaxant and anticonvulsant.
Although this compound has lent support to the inclusion of dopamine in the monoamine hypothesis of depression, D-161 has not been tested in clinical trials.
Ceruletide, also known as cerulein or caerulein, is a ten amino acid oligopeptide that stimulates smooth muscle and increases digestive secretions.
Galmic is a drug which acts as a selective, non-peptide agonist at the galanin receptors GALR.
Propranolol may cause harmful effects in the baby if taken during pregnancy.
AM-905 is an analgesic drug which is a cannabinoid agonist.
Added to some food and beverages as an acidity regulator and labeled as E329.
These findings might also extend to the other adamantanes such as adapromine, rimantadine, and bromantane and could explain the psychostimulant-like effects of this family of compounds.
Enprofylline is a xanthine derivative used in the treatment of asthma, which acts as a bronchodilator.
Genetic deletion of Fyn rescues AD deficits in preclinical models.
7,8-DHF is both orally bioavailable and able to penetrate the blood–brain barrier.
It is approved for sale over-the-counter in Australia, Russia and the UK, and is approved for the treatment of toenail fungus by prescription in other countries.
Ipilimumab was approved by the U.S. FDA in 2011 for the treatment of melanoma, a type of skin cancer.
Preliminary trials suggest the dermal application of lisuride may be useful in the treatment of Parkinson's disease.
Insulin was first used as a medication in Canada by Charles Best and Frederick Banting in 1922.
25P-NBOMe is a derivative of the phenethylamine 2C-P.
Along with other antibiotics it may be used to treat tuberculosis, meningitis, or pelvic inflammatory disease.
With action of fairly rapid onset yet long duration, udenafil's pharmacokinetics allows once-daily dosage.
The chelate is formed between the 2-carbonyl group of two separate lomefloxacin molecules.
Sevofluranepropane; synonym, fluoromethyl hexafluoroisopropyl ether), is a sweet-smelling, nonflammable, highly fluorinated methyl isopropyl ether used as an inhalational anaesthetic for induction and maintenance of general anesthesia.
It is used primarily in the treatment of urinary tract infections, and has also been used to treat typhoid and paratyphoid fever.
Gramicidin D is a linear pentadecapeptide made up of 15 amino acids.
In the United States, it is available as a generic medication and 10 days of treatment cost about $13.
In other countries, it may be similarly controlled, controlled at a lower level, or regulated in another way.
There will be no sensory input or muscle contractions which would have been caused by action potential, which includes most muscles.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
It is used in combination with other medications as part of highly active antiretroviral therapy.
Its use in pregnancy and breastfeeding does not appear to be harmful.
Formestane is often used to suppress the production of estrogens from anabolic steroids or prohormones.
Nerelimomab is a mouse monoclonal antibody acting as a TNF inhibitor.
Cyprodime is a selective opioid antagonist which blocks the μ-opioid receptor, but without affecting the δ-opioid or κ-opioid receptors.
Pipobroman is an anti-cancer drug that probably acts as an alkylating agent.
Common side effects from medical use include electrolyte problems and dehydration.
In drug-substitution experiments in rats, DOTFM fully substituted for LSD and was slightly more potent than DOI.
In older people with psychosis as a result of dementia it may increase the risk of dying.
It was tested in clinical trials for this purpose in the early 2000s but was apparently abandoned for unknown reasons.
It is only used in veterinary applications.
JWH-147 is an analgesic drug used in scientific research, which acts as a cannabinoid agonist at both the CB1 and CB2 receptors.
Moreover, CGP35348 was about threefold less potent to antagonize GHB and GBL than baclofen and SKF97541.
In humans, it is located in the abdominal cavity behind the stomach.
Therefore, these GHSR agonists act as synthetic ghrelin mimetics.
Metronidazole is available by mouth, as a cream, and intravenously.
Prazepam is a prodrug for desmethyldiazepam which is responsible for the therapeutic effects of prazepam.
published the suggested structure for nitrosoprodenafil, it was contested by Demizu et al.
Mercaptopurine was approved for medical use in the United States in 1953.
U0126 is also a weak inhibitor of PKC, Raf, ERK, JNK, MEKK, MKK-3, MKK-4/SEK, MKK-6, Cdk2 and Cdk4.
Alazopeptin is an antibiotic, with moderate anti-trypanosomal.
Nalmefene, originally known as nalmetrene, is an opioid antagonist used primarily in the management of alcohol dependence.
It has been shown to increase dopamine release in cochlear tissue, suggesting a role for the 5-HT6 and 5-HT7 receptors in regulation of the hearing system.
Erdosteine is associated with a low incidence of adverse events, most of which are gastrointestinal and generally mild.
Meta-analysis in 2005 found that human policosanol consumption is safe and well tolerated and is effective at lowering the blood cholesterol.
It is recommended and primarily used in the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
In human clinical trials, lirequinil was found to have similar efficacy to zolpidem, with less side effects such as clumsiness and memory impairment.
InSite Vision developed an eye drop formulation and conducted preliminary clinical trials before selling the product and all rights to Bausch & Lomb in 2003.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
After a controversial debate surrounding the efficacy of the drug, eteplirsen received accelerated approval from the US Food and Drug administration in late 2016.
Tamoxifen is typically taken daily by mouth for five years for breast cancer.
A 2014 systematic review compared it with other antipsychotic drugs:
It substitutes fully for the anxiolytic benzodiazepine chlordiazepoxide, but only partially substituted for the imidazopyridine hypnotic drug zolpidem and the benzodiazepine hypnotic triazolam.
Chymopapain is a proteolytic enzyme isolated from the latex of papaya.
Its metabolism has been described in literature.
This includes those who have polycystic ovary syndrome.
It is either taken by mouth or applied to the skin as a cream or ointment.
Possession of MDEA is illegal in most countries.
It is in the anticholinergic and antihistamine family of medications.
It is usually classed with the newer generation of antipsychotics, the so called atypical antipsychotics.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
AMDA is an organic compound which acts as a potent and selective antagonist for the 5-HT2A receptor.
It is a tropane alkaloid and is found naturally in species of the Solanaceae family of plants.
Pyrazinamide is in the antimycobacterial class of medications.
Dihydrexidine is a moderately selective full agonist at the dopamine D1 and D5 receptors.
Linsidomine injection at a dose of 1 mg produces usable erection in about 70% of patients and full erection in up to 50% of patients.
Xorphanol produces potent analgesia, and was originally claimed to possess a minimal potential for dependence or abuse.
It was developed by several companies worldwide, including the original patent holder, Marnac, InterMune Inc., Shionogi Ltd., and GNI Group Ltd.
Quickly stopping the medication in those with coronary artery disease may worsen symptoms.
Ilaprazole is developed by Il-Yang Pharmaceutical, and is still under clinical trials with US FDA.
Use is not recommended during pregnancy as it may harm the baby.
In the United States the wholesale price is about 1.14 to 1.75 USD per day as of 2016.
Other trade names for the same therapeutic combination are Lofene, Logen, Lomanate and Lonox, among others.
In the United States a course of treatment typically costs less than 25 USD.
It is used for symptomatic relief of allergic symptoms caused by histamine release, including nasal allergies and allergic dermatosis.
On August 22, 2016, the company announced the discontinuation of their phase II expansion as well.
Tioguanine, also known as thioguanine or 6-thioguanine is a medication used to treat acute myeloid leukemia, acute lymphocytic leukemia, and chronic myeloid leukemia.
Dexmedetomidine hydrochloride is also used in veterinary medicine for dogs and cats.
Hydroxynorketamine, or 6-hydroxynorketamine, is a metabolite of ketamine which is formed by hydroxylation of its metabolite norketamine.
In the United States it costs about 10 USD a dose.
Ilepcimide, also known as antiepilepserine, is a anticonvulsant.
Ficlatuzumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of cancers.
The compounds differ in that caffeine has an extra methyl group.
Itraconazole, invented in 1984, is a triazole antifungal agent for fungal infections.
Cerezyme was one of the drugs manufactured at Genzyme's Allston, Massachusetts plant, for which production was disrupted in 2009 after contamination with Vesivirus 2117.
Fluproquazone was a quinazolinone derivative with potent analgesic, antipyretic, and anti-inflammatory effects discovered by Sandoz.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved bitolterol in December 1984.
The chemical structure consists of the benzylpenicilloyl group attached to a polymer of L-lysine.
It is a derivative of Δ8THC substituted with a dithiolane group on the 3-position side chain.
The substance acts as a phosphoinositide 3-kinase inhibitor; more specifically, it blocks P110δ, the delta isoform of the enzyme phosphoinositide 3-kinase.
Abarelix is an injectable gonadotropin-releasing hormone antagonist.
As of October 2013 it is in phase III clinical trials.
Cathinone differs from many other amphetamines in that it has a ketone functional group.
It is an insulin analogue in which a fatty acid is bound to the lysine amino acid at position B29.
Isomethadone is also regulated internationally as a Schedule I controlled substance under the United Nations Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs of 1961.
It was discovered by scientists at Fisons, which licensed it to Ipsen in 1993, and Ipsen in turn licensed it to Élan in 1999.
Muscle spasm and inflammation within the bronchi get worse this narrowing.
4'-Methyl-α-pyrrolidinohexiophenone or MPHP is a stimulant compound which has been reported as a novel designer drug.
The salts in use are the citrate, hydrobromide, and hydrochloride.
LY-487,379 is a drug used in scientific research that acts as a selective positive allosteric modulator for the metabotropic glutamate receptor group II subtype mGluR2.
Glutamate is the brain's primary excitatory neurotransmitter.
Methimazole prevents thyroid peroxidase enzyme from coupling and iodinating the tyrosine residues on thyroglobulin, hence reducing the production of the thyroid hormones T3 and T4.
It is used in research to distinguish centrally from peripherally mediated kappa opioid receptor effects.
Spirapril hydrochloride is an ACE inhibitor antihypertensive drug used to treat hypertension.
Quifenadine is an 2nd generation antihistamine drug, marketed mainly in post-Soviet countries.
The term is frequently used informally to refer to any combination of the enantiomers, or to either of them alone.
It was developed by Daiichi Sankyo Co. and produced by Ube and currently marketed in the United States in cooperation with Eli Lilly and Company.
High doses inhibit growth and proliferation of melanoma cells.
Fenbufen is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug in the propionic acid derivatives class.
Biocon received marketing authorization for the drug from the Drugs Controller General of India in January 2013 and marketing within India commenced in August 2013.
This suggests that an active dosage of DBT will be in the 100 mg range.
Tisopurine is a drug used in the treatment of gout in some countries.
SKF-83,959 is a synthetic benzazepine derivative used in scientific research which acts as an agonist at the D1-D2 dopamine receptor.
It inhibits activation of T cells and B cells by reducing the production of interleukin-2.
The wholesale price in the developing world is about 0.6 to 1.3 USD per dose.
Xylopropamine was briefly sold as the sulfate salt, but it was not widely marketed.
It is used to treat a number of bacterial infections including acute bacterial sinusitis, pneumonia, urinary tract infections, chronic prostatitis, and some types of gastroenteritis.
MGA is the acetate ester of melengestrol, which in contrast, has never been marketed.
MAM-2201 is a drug that presumably acts as a potent agonist for the cannabinoid receptors.
Greater benefit may occur when combined with paracetamol or a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug such as aspirin or ibuprofen.
However its generally similar behavior to LSD in some respects has shown to be very useful in one specific area, the treatment of cluster headaches.
In contrast to zopiclone, pagoclone produces anxiolytic effects with little sedative or amnestic actions at low doses.
Alseroxylon is a norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor that has been investigated in the treatment of hypertension and angina pectoris and as a sedative in psychoses.
Phase I clinical trials were completed successfully, and it was in phase II trials.
CL-218,872 is a GABAA partial agonist which is selective for the α1 subtype.
Kanamycin is recommended for short-term use only, usually from 7 to 10 days.
A study published in Chemical Research in Toxicology  shows that 4-hexylresorcinol used as a food additive exhibits some estrogenic activity, i.e.
Serious side effects include allergic reactions, abnormal heart rhythms, and low or high blood pressure, while less serious side effects include headaches, insomnia, and impotence.
It is being studied by Addex Therapeutics and Janssen Pharmaceuticals for the treatment of schizophrenia.
Zosuquidar inhibits P-glycoproteins, inhibiting the efflux pump and restoring sensitivity to chemotherapeutic agents.
There is no significant difference in metabolism between younger and older individuals.
3F8 is a murine IgG3 monoclonal antibody which binds to GD2.
N-Ethylbuphedrone is a stimulant of the cathinone class that has been sold as a designer drug.
Either one or two doses of the vaccine is recommended.
Mephedrone was first made illegal in Israel in 2008, followed by Sweden later that year.
In the phase III trial, all patients were treated with 3 mg/day doses of the drug.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is between 0.01 and 0.06 USD per dose.
Methylone is an empathogen and stimulant psychoactive drug.
It is insoluble in water but dissolves in acetone, ethanol, diethyl ether, and chloroform.
Dizocilpine is also associated with a number of negative side effects, including cognitive disruption and psychotic-spectrum reactions.
It is normally produced as its potassium salt, potassium nitrazepate.
The antibody itself, tacatuzumab, is conjugated with tetraxetan, a chelator for yttrium-90, a radioisotope which destroys the tumour cells.
It acts as a non-neurotoxic and highly selective serotonin releasing agent in vitro and produces entactogen effects in humans.
It was approved by the FDA in May 2011.
The side chain of Arginine 176 within the bicarbonate binding site of the sAC protein interacts significantly with the aromatic ring of the bithionol molecule.
The MMRV vaccine is typically given to children between 1 and 2 years of age.
It is believed to work by blocking the duplication of DNA.
Side effects are primarily gastrointestinal but may also include headache; GI effects include nausea, diarrhea and abdominal pain.
Letrozole is an orally active nonsteroidal aromatase inhibitor for the treatment of hormonally-responsive breast cancer after surgery.
GABOB is a close structural analogue of GABA, as well as of γ-hydroxybutyric acid, phenibut, baclofen-GABA), and pregabalin.
ADB-FUBINACA is a designer drug identified in synthetic cannabis blends in Japan in 2013.
Oxelumab was developed by Genentech and co-developed by Roche.
Pentamycin is a polyene antifungal antibiotic obtained from Streptomyces pentaticus.
Two CPT analogues have been approved and are used in cancer chemotherapy today, topotecan and irinotecan.
On 16 May 2013, the first dose in a Phase III trial was administered.
It was found by The Scripps Research Institute and the Dutch biopharmaceutical company, Crucell.
It is a prodrug form of penciclovir with improved oral bioavailability.
Usually an equal amount of buffer is added to attain a neutral pH.
Compare Indatraline with tametraline since they are directly homologous.
meta-Chlorophenylpiperazine is a psychoactive drug of the phenylpiperazine class.
It induces a trance-like state while providing pain relief, sedation, and memory loss.
This makes it approximately five times less potent than fentanyl.
It works by causing the release of GnRH by the hypothalamus, and subsequently gonadotropin from the anterior pituitary.
Denosumab is a RANKL inhibitor, which works by preventing the development of osteoclasts which are cells that break down bone.
They may include headache, feeling tired, depression, trouble sleeping, hair loss, nausea, pain at the site of injection, and fever.
It is the ribonucleoside triphosphate of thymidine, but the nomenclature with "5-methyluridine" is used because the term thymidine triphosphate is used for the deoxyribonucleoside by convention.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
It is not approved by the FDA for use in the United States.
It is also claimed to enhance cellular oxidative capacity.
For SAR purposes, a table has been included that lists some of these compounds.
It was being researched as a potential treatment for Parkinson's disease.
It has been found that elfazepam suppresses gastric acid secretion.
It attaches the alkyl group to the guanine base of DNA, at the number 7 nitrogen atom of the imidazole ring.
Oxymorphazone is an opioid analgesic drug related to oxymorphone.
Other studies have examined the possible effect of both caffeine and theanine at the same time.
Its chemical name is-trans-Δ⁹-tetrahydrocannabinol and the term "THC" is used to refer to isomers as well.
Co-dydramol tablets are used for the relief of moderate pain.
Levacetylmethadol, levomethadyl acetate, OrLAAM or levo-α-acetylmethadol is a synthetic opioid similar in structure to methadone.
It is a potent agonist of the CB1 receptor and CB2 receptor with EC50 values of 0.24 nM and 2.1 nM respectively.
Zoledronic acid, also known as zoledronate, is a bisphosphonate drug given intravenously to treat some bone diseases.
Tyrothricin is a cyclic polypeptide-antibiotic mixture from Bacillus brevis.
The pharmaceutical formulation dronabinol is available by prescription in the U.S, Canada, Germany and New Zealand.
Its duration is 4–6 hours, with noticeable after-effects lasting for 1–3 hours.
Bortezomib is an anti-cancer drug and the first therapeutic proteasome inhibitor to be used in humans.
O-2694 is a drug that is a cannabinoid derivative.
It is of the lincosamide class and works by blocking bacteria from making protein.
The first human coronary stent implantation was first performed in 1986 by Puel et al.
It was approved in Europe in 2013 and in the US in 2014.
In a 1977 study it has not proven of benefit in advanced parkinsonism, except for depression associated with the parkinsonism.
The vaccines are made from weakened rotavirus.
In regions of the world where the disease is common suramin is provided for free by the World Health Organization.
CBN acts as a partial agonist at the CB1 receptors, but has a higher affinity to CB2 receptors, however; with lower affinities in comparison to THC.
It did not advance into clinical trials.
Fast-acting insulin analogs are considered to act similarly to the way insulin is released in people without diabetes mellitus.
Empagliflozin is an inhibitor of the sodium glucose co-transporter-2, and causes sugar in the blood to be excreted by the kidneys and eliminated in urine.
It stimulates erythropoiesis by the same mechanism as rHuEpo and is used to treat anemia, commonly associated with chronic renal failure and cancer chemotherapy.
It was initially established as a potential drug option for patients suffering pain caused by postherpetic neuralgia.
Mangafodipir was withdrawn from the US market in 2003 and the European market in 2012.
In the body, clofibrate and niacin separate and are released gradually, in a manner similar to controlled-release formulations.
It is used to treat symptoms of the common cold and allergies, such as sneezing, itching, rashes, and hives.
It is a synthetic drug belonging to the triptan class.
As R7 is a slightly larger molecule than 7,8-DHF, 72.5 mg R7 is molecularly equivalent to 50 mg 7,8-DHF.
Doxycycline is a broad-spectrum antibiotic of the tetracycline class.
Dasatinib is a cancer drug produced by Bristol-Myers Squibb and sold under the trade name Sprycel.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
In English-speaking countries it is sold under the brand names Alertec, Modavigil, and Provigil.
It is a low molecular weight heparin marketed as Innohep worldwide.
In the United States a month of treatment typically costs 50 to 100 USD.
Vintafolide is an investigational targeted cancer therapeutic currently under development by Endocyte and Merck & Co.
Abafungin is a broad-spectrum antifungal agent with a novel mechanism of action for the treatment of dermatomycoses.
Several studies have associated paroxetine with suicidal thinking and behavior in children and adolescents.
Tizanidine can occasionally cause liver damage, generally the hepatocellular type.
Under the trade name Acardi, it is available for human use in Japan.
It works in part by binding to, and inhibiting DNA replication.
It is also used in combination with 5-fluorouracil to treat colorectal cancer, may be used to treat folate deficiency that results in anemia, and methanol poisoning.
WAY-161503 has been used to examine the role of 5-HT2C receptors in rodent models of depression, locomotion, reinforcement, or motivated behaviors.
Tabernanthine persistently reduced the self-administration of cocaine and morphine in rats.
The drug is used in treating and preventing symptoms of acute alcohol withdrawal.
Ingenol mebutate is a substance found in the sap of the plant Euphorbia peplus and an inducer of cell death.
Oxytetracycline works by interfering with the ability of bacteria to produce essential proteins.
Codeine occurs naturally and makes up about 2% of opium.
The effects of topical corticosteroids is not immediate and requires regular use and at least a few days to start experiencing noticeable symptom relief.
Quazepam is a trifluoroalkyl type of benzodiazepine, like fletazepam, halazepam, triflubazam and triflunordazepam.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
In his book PiHKAL, the dosage range is listed as 80–120 mg, and the duration listed as 6–8 hours.
Tiamulin is a pleuromutilin antibiotic drug that is used in veterinary medicine particularly for pigs and poultry.
Metethoheptazine is not listed as a controlled substance under the Controlled Substances Act 1970 in the United States.
It was first approved in the US in 1978 and in 1980 in the former West Germany.
In Phase II trials, the compound was significantly superior to placebo without inducing sedation.
Nabilone is a racemic mixture consisting of-(+)- and-(−)-isomers.
Dosages 12–20 mg/kg orally administered for five to ten days.
However, GABOB is of relatively low potency as an anticonvulsant when used by itself, and is more useful as an adjuvant treatment used alongside another anticonvulsant.
It is available as a dry powder inhaler that releases a powdered form of the drug.
For Homatropine methylbromide see Methylhomatropine, this is a different medication.
Like sertraline, desmethylsertraline acts as a monoamine reuptake inhibitor, and may be responsible for some of its parent's therapeutic benefits.
Side effects of fentanyl analogs are similar to those of fentanyl itself, which include itching, nausea and potentially serious respiratory depression, which can be life-threatening.
It can also be used to control the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome and similar conditions.
Other effects of drostanolone are reduction or inhibition of prolactin or estrogen receptors, which are linked to its antitumor properties.
In a thyrotoxic crisis it is generally more effective than methimazole.
Terbinafine is in the allylamines family of medications.
Ethylestrenol, or ethylnandrol, also known as 17α-ethylestr-4-en-17β-ol or as 3-deketo-17α-ethyl-19-nortestosterone, is an anabolic-androgenic steroid with some progestogenic activity, and low androgenic activity.
There are many different formulations developed since the first marketing authorisation in 1978.
SCH-202,596 is a natural product which is a metabolite derived from an Aspergillus fungus.
Sisomicin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic, isolated from the fermentation broth of a new species of the genus Micromonospora.
Some of these agents are being developed for vaginal application, and for rectal use by those engaging in anal sex.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
This change causes UWA-101 to lack cytotoxicity and MDMA-like behavioral effects in animals, but while retaining similar or slightly improved anti-Parkinsonian effectiveness when compared to MDMA.
Fluorolintane is a dissociative anesthetic drug that has been sold online as a designer drug.
Vincristine, also known as leurocristine and marketed under the brandname Oncovin among others, is a chemotherapy medication used to treat a number of types of cancer.
As with all clinically established with a non-depolarizing mechanism of action, its pharmacological action can be antagonized by anticholinesterases.
Penicillins are still widely used today, though many types of bacteria have developed resistance following extensive use.
It is taken by mouth once a day.
Sinomenine or cocculine is an alkaloid found in the root of the climbing plant Sinomenium acutum which is native to Japan and China.
This is once again similar to MDMA which causes a 40-60% reduction with a single 20 mg/kg dose.
In the United Kingdom a course of treatment with ribavirin and peginterferon-alfa cost about 29,700 pounds in 2015.
Hydroxyethyl starch, sold under the brandname Voluven among others, is a nonionic starch derivative.
It is an opioid with no significant absorption from the gut and does not cross the blood brain barrier when used at normal doses.
This compound is the three-carbon chain analogue of escaline.
It may be used during pregnancy but is not a first line medication in this group.
For treatment of progressive plexiform neurofibromas associated with neurofibromatosis type I, it successfully passed phase I clinical trials but was suspended in phase II.
Colestyramine removes bile acids from the body by forming insoluble complexes with bile acids in the intestine, which are then excreted in the feces.
It has been discovered by Albert Hofmann, the Swiss chemist who created LSD.
It is a PARP inhibitor, inhibiting poly ADP ribose polymerase, an enzyme involved in DNA repair.
In the United States a course of treatment costs 25 to 50 USD.
In other areas of the world it is available as a generic and costs as little as 0.05 to 0.10 USD per dose.
Clopenthixol is not approved for use in the United States.
It is used as part of highly active antiretroviral therapy for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus type 1.
The second dose is a dose to produce immunity in the small number of persons who fail to develop measles immunity after the first dose.
Sunifiram is a molecular simplification of unifiram.
This either slows growth or results in programmed cell death of certain type of cancer cells.
Leflunomide is an immunosuppressive disease-modifying antirheumatic drug, used in active moderate-to-severe rheumatoid arthritis and psoriatic arthritis.
Alphacetylmethadol, or α-acetylmethadol, is a synthetic opioid analgesic.
In the United States a typical course of treatment is more than 200 USD as of 2015.
Cialis is also offered as a once-daily medication.
It acts as a serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor, but acts more like an antidepressant than a stimulant.
It is an antineoplastic antibiotic and an intercalating agent.
It is part of the recommended treatment of active tuberculosis during pregnancy, even though its safety in pregnancy is not known.
Prodine is an opioid analgesic that is an analog of pethidine.
Ciramadol is an opioid analgesic that was developed in the late 1970s and is related to phencyclidine, tramadol, tapentadol and venlafaxine.
6-APBbenzofuran) is an empathogenic psychoactive compound of the substituted benzofuran, substituted amphetamine and substituted phenethylamine classes.
When used as a medication, it is known as hydrocortisone.
In addition, ketorolac has a much higher gastrointestinal toxicity profile compared to most other nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs including ibuprofen and naprosyn.
Abitesartan is an Angiotensin II receptor antagonist.
Hence, MDAT is considered likely to be a non-neurotoxic, putative entactogen in humans.
A phase Ib clinical trial for treating MDD in 24 patients started in 2012 and completed in July 2014, with results published in December 2015.
There are several enhanced penicillin families which are effective against additional bacteria; these include the antistaphylococcal penicillins, aminopenicillins and the antipseudomonal penicillins.
Azimilide is a class ΙΙΙ antiarrhythmic drug.
The drug consists of ferric hydroxide solubilized in aqueous sucrose.
They help the person digest fats, starches, and proteins.
Aniracetam, also known as N-anisoyl-2-pyrrolidinone, is an ampakine compound of the racetam chemical class.
In preclinical studies alstonine attenuates MK-801-induced hyperlocomotion, working memory deficit and social withdrawal.
The drug was also investigated for the treatment of retinal detachment and other retinal diseases, but trials were terminated in 2006.
Troxerutin is a flavonol, a type of flavonoid.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 24.73 USD per 500 mcg vial.
It works by blocking the production of prostaglandins, thereby relieving pain and inflammation.
Studies have shown that thiolutin inhibits adhesion of human umbilical vein endothelial cells to vitronectin and thus suppresses tumor cell-induced angiogenesis in vivo.
About 70% of morphine is used to make other opioids such as hydromorphone, oxymorphone, and heroin.
It is not recommended in those with a history of penicillin allergy.
Spiramycin is a macrolide antibiotic and antiparasitic It is used to treat toxoplasmosis and various other infections of soft tissues.
With further processing crack cocaine can be produced from cocaine.
It is a metabolite of chlordiazepoxide and has anticonvulsant properties and presumably other characteristic benzodiazepine properties.
Other uses include rheumatoid arthritis, lupus, and porphyria cutanea tarda.
Prorenone is a steroidal antimineralocorticoid of the spirolactone group related to spironolactone that was never marketed.
Galanin receptors can be found throughout the peripheral and central nervous systems and the endocrine system.
It is not available as a generic medication as of 2015.
Due to issues of their toxicity and number of cisplatin-resistant cancer cells, other platinum derivatives have been developed.
In the United States a course of treatment typically costs less than 25 USD.
Thioridazine is a piperidine typical antipsychotic drug belonging to the phenothiazine drug group and was previously widely used in the treatment of schizophrenia and psychosis.
It is sold under the brand names Spectrobid and Penglobe.
It is not commonly used, but has activity similar to other opiates.
It has immunosuppressant functions in humans and is especially useful in preventing the rejection of kidney transplants.
However, in Alzheimer's disease and some other conditions the activity of these proteasomes is impaired leading to a buildup of toxic aggregates.
It is supplied as the hydrochloride salt of the racemate,  which consists of R(-)-mepivacaine and S(+)-mepivacaine in equal proportions.
Tests on the 2 isomers showed that all of the analgesic effects were caused by the isomer.
There was also toxicity prevalence in fotemustine arm.
It is manufactured and marketed by Astellas, GlaxoSmithKline and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries.
The other two ERAs marketed as of 2014 are bosentan and ambrisentan.
Touted as a drug of the future, metelimumab was dropped from further development in favour of fresolimumab, which is currently being developed by Genzyme.
Sibrotuzumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody intended for the treatment of cancer.
Usage after exposure in those not already immune may be useful.
Valproate pivoxil is an anticonvulsant used in the treatment of epilepsy.
Brivanib alaninate also inhibits VEGFR and fibroblast growth factor receptors, which is known to play a major role in the etiopathogenesis of HCC.
Lestaurtinib is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor structurally related to staurosporine.
It is an anticholinergic agent, which does not have much effect on the brain.
Flutazolam is closely related in structure to another benzodiazepine, haloxazolam.
Levocetirizine is a third-generation, non-sedating antihistamine, developed from the second-generation antihistamine cetirizine.
Lipiodol is now solely produced and marketed by Guerbet since Savage Laboratories discontinued manufacturing in 2010.
Botulinum is the most acutely lethal toxin known, with an estimated human median lethal dose of 1.3–2.1 ng/kg intravenously or intramuscularly and 10–13 ng/kg when inhaled.
Imbaral is another name for this drug.
It was found to extend lifespan in nematode worms.
Related to other diphenylbutylpiperidine antipsychotics, pimozide and fluspirilene, penfluridol has an extremely long elimination half-life and its effects last for many days after single oral dose.
Servier states that the use is now restricted to treatment of severe osteoporosis in postmenopausal women at high risk for fracture.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 7.06 to 13.48 USD per 100 mg vial.
As of 2010 it is no longer in clinical trials for the treatment of psychosis.
Methamphetamine is known to have a high addiction liability and dependence liability.
Eticyclidine is a dissociative anesthetic drug with hallucinogenic effects.
It has anxiolytic effects in animal studies with around one tenth the potency of alprazolam and no significant ataxia or other side effects noted.
Suloctidil was a sulfer-containing aminoalcohol that was brought to market in the early 1970s as a vasodilator by Continental Pharma, a Belgian company.
25I-NBF is a derivative of the phenethylamine hallucinogen 2C-I, which acts as a highly potent partial agonist for the human 5-HT2A receptor.
3-Trifluoromethylphenylpiperazine is a recreational drug of the piperazine chemical class.
Melphalan is a chemotherapy drug belonging to the class of nitrogen mustard alkylating agents.
By relaxing the gut muscle, alverine citrate relieves the symptoms of this condition.
The clinical use of flunoxaprofen has ceased due to concerns of potential hepatotoxicity.
SH-053-R-CH3-2′F also blocks the nootropic effects of the α5-selective inverse agonist PWZ-029, so amnesia is also a likely side effect.
It crystallises as pale yellow needles from diethyl ether, and as leaflets from dilute ethanol.
Cyclopentolate is also administered as an atropine substitute to reverse muscarinic and central nervous system effects of indirect cholinomimetic administration.
β1 receptors appeared to also be stimulated in some patients, causing cardiac and other CNS side effects.
In 2009, support from the FDA was denied after it "expressed doubt on the agent's added benefit over the antibiotic levofloxacin alone".
Other trade names include Ticocin marketed by Cipla(India).
Oxytetracycline is also used to treat acne, due to its activity against the bacteria on the skin that cause acne.
However, it is inactive orally and must be administered via subcutaneous injection.
This product is being developed by VIRO Pharmaceuticals GmbH & Co. KG.
It has the amino acid sequence Mpa-Tyr-Ile-Gln-Asn-Cys-Pro-Leu-Gly-NH2, and is an analogue of oxytocin wherein the leading cysteine is replaced with β-mercaptopropionic acid.
Literature data suggest that it can produce the same psychotropic effects as other stimulants, but with a longer duration of action.
Menotropins are extracted from the urine of postmenopausal women.
It was investigated as a dietary supplement to enhance muscle performance in sports, but does not seem to have been marketed.
Their use can prevent some cases of pneumonia, meningitis, and sepsis.
It has a strong dependency potential similar to that of morphine, and a strong tendency to produce respiratory depression, and is therefore not used in humans.
Solithromycin is a ketolide antibiotic undergoing clinical development for the treatment of community-acquired pneumonia and other infections.
Labeled with the isotope fluorine-18 it is used as a radioligand in positron emission tomography studies of the brain, i.e., studies of the 5-HT2A neuroreceptors.
It is also used together with atropine to end the effects of neuromuscular blocking medication of the non-depolarizing type.
It has been shown to significantly reduce headache frequency and severity in both adults and children.
Talimogene laherparepvec, is a biopharmaceutical drug to treat melanoma lesions that cannot be operated on; it is injected directly into the lesion.
JNJ-26990990 entered phase II clinical trials in October 2007.
Mepivacaine  is a local anesthetic of the amide type.
In June 2003, Myogen licensed the compound from Abbott for its application in the cancer field.
The FDA has approved polidocanol injections for the treatment of small varicose and reticular veins.
In the United Kingdom a 50 mg vial costs the NHS about £39.38.
This study demonstrated decreased incidence of arterial rupture or dissection.
In any case, research was terminated nonetheless as a precaution.
Fipexide is similar in action to other nootropic drugs such as piracetam and bares a few similarities in chemical structure to centrophenoxine.
Serious side effects may include malignant hyperthermia and high blood potassium.
The first phase I trial began in 2006 and final results were published in 2015.
It is available as a generic medication.
THC also possesses high UV-B absorption properties, which, it has been speculated, could protect the plant from harmful UV radiation exposure.
Cycrimine is a central anticholinergic drug designed to reduce the levels of acetylcholine in the treatment of Parkinson's disease.
It is also a dopamine receptor agonist.
When given by injection there may be fever, liver problems, or hearing loss.
Levomethorphan - A potent opioid analgesic that was never clinically developed; the codeine analogue of the powerful opioid agonist analgesic levorphanol.
Also in 2014, in India, the first adalimumab biosimilar came to market at a price of $200.
Specific inflammatory conditions in which it is used include Kawasaki disease, pericarditis, and rheumatic fever.
In many countries, it is a controlled substance.
By vaporization NMT shows activity at 50–100 mg, with a duration of 45–70 minutes; duration of visual effects 15–30 seconds.
Amfonelic acid is a research chemical and dopaminergic stimulant with antibiotic properties.
Pipamperone was discovered at Janssen Pharmaceutica in 1961, and entered clinical trials in the United States in 1963.
Chemically, it is similar to phenacetin with which it shares the risk of carcinogenesis.
It is similar in chemical structure to aripiprazole.
It is given by mouth or by injection into a vein.
A 1979 publication suggests arotinolol as having first been described in the scientific literature by Sumitomo Chemical as "β-adrenergic blocking, antiarrhythmic compound S-596".
1-(3,4-Methylenedioxybenzyl)piperazine is a chemical compound of the piperazine chemical class related to benzylpiperazine.
Iohexol was approved for medical use in 1985.
Effects last between 45 and 180 minutes.
In addition to its serotonergic properties, oxaflozane may also produce anticholinergic side effects at high doses, namely in overdose.
Early studies involved aversion therapy in alcoholism and anxiety, and modern reports are anecdotal, although some practitioners claimed to be using non-aversive methods.
Like chloramphenicol, it is insoluble in water, but highly soluble in lipids.
G-130 is a drug with stimulant and anorectic effects, related to phenmetrazine.
In the United States a course of treatment costs 100 to 200 USD.
As a result, it has a much longer half-life in comparison.
In older people with psychosis due to dementia it results in an increased risk of death.
Rifapentine, sold under the brand name Priftin, is an antibiotic used in the treatment of tuberculosis.
It can be synthesized from related alkaloids.
Proglumide is a drug that inhibits gastrointestinal motility and reduces gastric secretions.
It is not for use during pregnancy, as there is evidence for birth defects under follitropin treatment.
Nitrendipine is a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker.
Lysergic acid 2,4-dimethylazetidide is an analog of LSD developed by the team led by David E. Nichols at Purdue University.
Administration resulted in successful heart rhythm control in 31-44% of patients within 90 minutes, with sustained polymorphic ventricular tachycardia in 0.9-2.5% of patients.
It is the most potent neuroleptic on the European market, with chlorpromazine equivalency as high as 75 to 100.
IPA is an even more potent scavenger of hydroxyl radicals than melatonin, the most potent scavenger of hydroxyl radicals that is synthesized by human enzymes.
Embutramide is used for euthanasia of a range of different animals, mainly small animals kept as pets rather than large farm animals.
Buformin was marketed by German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal as Silubin.
It is the active ingredient in the cold sore medications Denavir, Vectavir and Fenivir.
Similar to other anthracyclines, it also induces histone eviction from chromatin.
Blosozumab was developed by Eli Lilly and Company.
Otherwise it is generally a second line treatment option.
It has fallen into almost complete disuse due to toxicity and the introduction of improved anti-tuberculosis drugs like isoniazid.
Crenezumab is highly homologous to solanezumab, another monoclonal antibody targeting amyloid-β peptides.
Abatacept binds to the CD80 and CD86 molecule, and prevents the second signal.
It is being actively developed by GW Pharmaceuticals because of a demonstrated neurochemical pathway for previously-observed anti-epileptic and anti-convulsive action.
Y-23684 is an anxiolytic drug with a novel chemical structure, which is used in scientific research.
Bendamustine was approved for medical use in the United States in 2008.
The enzyme 5α-reductase catalyzes the formation of DHT from testosterone in certain tissues including the prostate gland, seminal vesicles, epididymides, skin, hair follicles, liver, and brain.
Phenazocine is an opioid analgesic drug, which is related to pentazocine and has a similar profile of effects.
In contrast, high doses of PNU-99,194 produce CPA and inhibit ICSS, while high doses of 7-OH-DPAT result in the opposite.
In the United Kingdom it costs the NHS about 0.95 to 1.89 pounds a dose as of 2015.
Prosidol is an opioid analgesic that is an analogue of prodine.
It has been implicated in causing ventricular arrhythmia.
Alfentanil is a restricted drug which is classified as Schedule II in the USA, according to the U.S. DEA website.
As of December 2016, a treatment course cost US$138.70 in the U.S..
The proposed mode of action is that the compound binds to the DNA of cancer cells rendering them incapable of dividing.
Tetrabarbital is a barbiturate derivative used as a hypnotic.
Inolimomab is a mouse monoclonal antibody developed as an immunosuppressive drug against graft-versus-host disease.
It also provided the sedative component of Excedrin PM.
Niflumic acid is a drug used for joint and muscular pain.
The drug is not active orally, and is instead available only as an intramuscular depot injection.
It is also used in medicine as an antineoplastic agent developed by Ligand Pharmaceuticals.
Common side effects include pain at the site of injection and allergic reactions.
Working off of this effect, sodium cellulose phosphate will bind with divalent intestinal cations.
For these reasons, several efforts have been carried out in order to obtain more information about structure-activity relationship.
It was also an ingredient in the over-the-counter pain remedy BC Powder but was removed from the formulation in 2009.
It has not been found to be effective in the treatment of androgenic alopecia or other conditions of cutaneous androgenization.
It is one of the most frequently prescribed antidepressants in the United States and Canada, although in many countries this is an off-label use.
α,N,O-TMS was first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin.
4-Methylaminorex is a stimulant drug of the 2-amino-5-aryloxazoline class that was first synthesized in 1960 by McNeil Laboratories.
Ancrod is a defibrinogenating agent derived from the venom of the Malayan pit viper.
Dexetimide was discovered at Janssen Pharmaceutica in 1968.
Common side effects include: swelling, feeling tired, abdominal pain, and nausea.
Nifedipine was discovered in 1969 and approved for use in the United States in 1981.
Nilestriol is a prodrug of ethinylestriol, and is a more potent estrogen in comparison.
Aprobarbital, sold as Oramon, Somnifaine, and Allonal, is a barbiturate derivative invented in the 1920s by Ernst Preiswerk.
Polymyxin B is composed of a number of related compounds.
Pegylated interferon alfa-2b was approved for medical use in the United States in 2001.
The bone marrow suppression may result in death.
C-8813 is claimed to be similarly potent at the δ-opioid receptor, which antagonizes the mu depression of breathing, presumably making the drug safer.
Piminodine has similar effects to other opioids, and produces analgesia, sedation and euphoria.
Elcatonin is a calcitonin derivative used as an anti-parathyroid agent.
CGP-7930 is a compound used in scientific research which acts as a positive allosteric modulator at the GABAB receptor.
It is an antisense oligonucleotide -- a synthetic 21 member oligonucleotide with phosphorothioate linkages and has the sequence:
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Mipomersen is used to treat homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia and is administered by subcutaneous injection.
If this medication were to reach phase III, this could adversely effect Ligand`s portfolio of partnered and unpartnered assets.
Sinomenine is a morphinan derivative, related to opioids such as levorphanol and the non-opioid cough suppressant dextromethorphan.
A study in rats found propylamphetamine to be 1/4 as potent as amphetamine.
Its L-isomer, selegiline, binds with 3.5-fold lower affinity in comparison.
It is used to relieve inflammation, swelling, stiffness, and pain associated with rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, tendinitis, bursitis, and periarthritis of the shoulders or hips.
It is the fourth member of the carbapenem class to be approved in the United States.
Caroxazone is an antidepressant which was formerly used for the treatment of depression but is now no longer marketed.
Pamabrom is a diuretic product included in retail drugs available in over-the-counter medications.
Tiapride is a drug that selectively blocks D2 and D3 dopamine receptors in the brain.
It is currently under development for use in surgical anasthesia, mainly administered by intrathecal infusion.
It is an isomer of dimepheptanol, the other being alphamethadol.
Adenosine also plays a role in regulation of blood flow to various organs through vasodilation.
Pheniramine is generally sold in combination with other medications, rather than as a stand-alone drug, although some formulations are available containing pheniramine by itself.
A combination of venlafaxine and mirtazapine achieved remission rates of 58% in one controlled trial.
It is active against both Gram-negative and some Gram-positive bacteria.
Common side effects include a dry mouth, trouble seeing, low blood pressure on standing, sleepiness, and constipation.
For cancer it is given by slow injection into a vein and used for colon cancer, lung cancer, glioblastoma, and renal-cell carcinoma.
Common side effects include diarrhoea, constipation and low platelet count.
Its primary mechanism is direct stimulation of β1 receptors of the sympathetic nervous system.
Melarsoprol is a medication used for the treatment of sleeping sickness.
Buspirone, brand name Buspar, is an anxiolytic drug that is primarily used to treat generalized anxiety disorder.
Because intrinsic factor is crucial for the normal absorption of B12, its lack in the presence of pernicious anemia causes a vitamin B12 deficiency.
Cinacalcet is also indicated for the treatment of hypercalcemia in patients with parathyroid carcinoma.
NPH insulin is made by mixing regular insulin and protamine in exact proportions with zinc and phenol such that a neutral-pH is maintained and crystals form.
The Gardasil vaccine has also been approved in 120 other countries.
Diampromide produces similar effects to other opioids, including analgesia, sedation, dizziness and nausea, and is around the same potency as morphine.
This unusual profile of effects makes imidazenil potentially a very useful drug.
Thebacon can be said to be the 3-monoacetylmorphine analog of hydrocodone, and/or the acetylmorphone analog of codeine.
25D-NBOMe has been sold as a street drug since 2010 and produces similar effects in humans to related compounds such as 25I-NBOMe and 25C-NBOMe.
It is also used along with glucose to treat high blood potassium levels.
Phenprocoumon is a 4-hydroxycoumarin and inhibits vitamin K epoxide reductase.
Denosumab is a human monoclonal antibody for the treatment of osteoporosis, treatment-induced bone loss, metastases to bone, and giant cell tumor of bone.
It may be used during pregnancy and appears to be safe for the baby.
It has anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant and appetite stimulating properties comparable to benzodiazepine drugs.
Betaxolol also shows greater affininty for beta1 receptors than metoprolol.
It works by increasing glutathione levels and binding with the toxic breakdown products of paracetamol.
2-Propanoyl-3-(4-isopropylphenyl)-tropane is a cocaine analogue which acts as a serotonin-norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor.
CBG is the non-acidic form of cannabigerolic acid, the parent molecule from which many other cannabinoids are made.
Two of the main metabolites must be the 3-hydroxylate or the substance with only a hydrogen atom at the 3-position of the molecule structure.
Tandospirone is an anxiolytic and antidepressant drug used in China and Japan, where it is marketed by Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma.
Placidyl was available in 200 mg., 500 mg., and 750 mg. strength capsules.
In addition to its sleep-improving properties, pruvanserin has also been shown to have antidepressant, anxiolytic, and working memory-enhancing effects in animal studies.
In late 2013, Pfizer received approval for bazedoxifene as part of the combination drug DUAVEE in the prevention of postmenopausal osteoporosis.
Its salts are the bitartrate and dihydrochloride
All brands consist of desiccated porcine thyroid powder, differing only in binders and fillers.
ADBICA is a potent agonist of the CB1 receptor and CB2 receptor with a EC50 value of 0.69 nM and 1.8 nM respectively.
Lapisteride is a dual inhibitor of both isoforms of the enzyme 5α-reductase.
Since its introduction in November 2008 it has been distributed under the commercial name Masivet.
However, it acts as a negative allosteric modulator at the α1 subtype, and has little affinity for the α4 or α6 subtypes.
The approved dose for pulmonary arterial hypertension is 40 mg once daily.
It was originally made from the rye ergot fungus but can also be made from lysergic acid.
C16 or PKRi is a drug which acts as a selective inhibitor of the enzyme double-stranded RNA-dependent protein kinase.
Phenoxymethylpenicillin, also known as penicillin V, is an antibiotic useful for the treatment of a number of bacterial infections.
Peak plasma levels are attained two hours after an oral dose.
Cimetidine, sold under the brand name Tagamet among others, is a histamine H2 receptor antagonist that inhibits stomach acid production.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Production will be discontinued after June 2017, and the product will no longer be commercially available.
Although it is not available as a prescription medication for humans, trenbolone enanthate is sometimes sold under the nickname Trenabol.
Purmorphamine has been shown to induce osteogenesis in bone tissue as well as influencing growth and differentiation of neurons in the brain.
Epoetin beta  is a synthetic, recombinant form of erythropoietin, a protein that promotes the production of red blood cells.
While occasionally used in pregnancy it is unclear if pyrimethamine is safe for the baby.
3-Methoxy-4,5-methylenedioxy-N-methylamphetamine is a designer drug of the substituted methylenedioxyphenethylamine class.
It has been shown to be useful in the treatment of Parkinsonism.
It is marketed in Japan as サンリズム.
Xyrem is manufactured by Jazz Pharmaceuticals in the US and Valeant Pharmaceuticals in Canada.
As of December 2011, it is undergoing Phase I/II clinical trials.
Febuxostat was discovered by scientists at the Japanese pharmaceutical company Teijin in 1998.
PEH may contribute to phenelzine's anxiolytic effects.
It was developed by ImmunoGen and Sanofi-Aventis with the development name SAR-650984.
This form of niacin is supposed to reduce or prevent flushing by being broken down into the metabolites Niacin and Inositol at a slower rate.
It is available in the US for veterinary use under the names Promazine and Tranquazine.
It was developed by Daiichi Sankyo and approved in July 2011 in Japan for prevention of venous thromboembolisms following lower-limb orthopedic surgery.
A bump may form at the site of injection that lasts a few weeks.
NRT has also been used to treat ulcerative colitis.
These receptors are found on vascular smooth muscle, where they are responsible for the vasoconstrictive action of norepinephrine.
It has more side effects than other sulfonylureas and its use is no longer recommended.
Latamoxef is an oxacephem antibiotic usually grouped with the cephalosporins.
In order for a dopamine reuptake inhibitor such as cocaine to induce euphoria, PET scans on primates reveal that the DAT occupancy needs to be >60%.
In the United States a course of treatment costs more than 200 USD.
Camylofin is a smooth muscle relaxant with both anticholinergic action as well as direct smooth muscle action.
The drug is unusual in that it both increases deposition of new bone by osteoblasts and reduces the resorption of bone by osteoclasts.
Its properties are similar to those of chlorpromazine.
Lecozotan is an investigational drug by Wyeth tested for improvement of cognitive functions of Alzheimer's disease patients.
Colloquially it is sometimes called flakka or gravel.
During pregnancy it is recommended that it be taken after the first trimester.
5-MeO-NBpBrTtryptamine) is a N-substituted member of the methoxytryptamine family of compounds.
It is structurally very similar to resiquimod differing only by an oxygen for nitrogen switch.
Anidulafungin was originally manufactured and submitted for FDA approval by Vicuron Pharmaceuticals.
The peptide endothelin constricts muscles in blood vessels, increasing blood pressure.
It is an agonist at melatonin MT1/MT2 and serotonin 5-HT1A/5-HT1D receptors.
It may also be used to treat hypercalcemia.
It is not approved for the clinical treatment of major depressive disorder in the USA, but it is in other countries.
Marimastat performed poorly in clinical trials, and development was terminated.
In April 2016, the U.S. FDA added a warning about increased risk of heart failure.
It has been investigated for use in Crohn's disease after bowel resection.
However it cannot be determined from these preliminary results in mice whether FXR agonism with fexaramine will produce weight loss in humans.
Fluocortolone is a glucocorticoid used in the treatment of several conditions, including hemorrhoids.
Fluconazole is available as a generic medication.
The drug was withdrawn from the market by Élan Pharmaceuticals in 2001.
When overlaid with the most potent isomer of 3-methylfentanyl, the 2 compounds overlay perfectly.
It produces hyperemia quickly and maintains it for a duration that is useful for radionuclide myocardial perfusion imaging.
It acts as an immunomodulator and was awarded orphan drug status and fast track designation by the FDA.
This dose in the United Kingdom costs the NHS about 454.53 pounds.
At the start of June, the sun rises in the constellation of Taurus; at the end of June, the sun rises in the constellation of Gemini.
In 2010, Abraxis was acquired by Celgene, which now markets Abraxane.
This has led to the illicit utilization of the precursor chemical ergocristine as a direct substitute for ergotamine and ergonovine for the illicit production of LSD.
The drug acts more slowly than older dihydropyridines.
Nisoxetine is now widely used in scientific research as a standard selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor.
Like other medications for the treatment of Type 2 diabetes, alogliptin does not decrease the risk of heart attack and stroke.
Its most common use is in the treatment of airway obstruction from asthma or COPD.
It is a drug that is used in surfactant deficient conditions such as infant respiratory distress syndrome in newborns.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
This switches off voltage-gated calcium ion channels, preventing calcium flux across the sarcolemma and activation of the contractile apparatus.
Trihexyphenidyl, also known as benzhexol, Ariane, and trihex, is an antiparkinsonian agent of the antimuscarinic class.
Losindole is an antidepressant with a tetracyclic structure.
It is administered in a clinic by intravenous infusion.
2,5-Dimethoxy-4-ethoxyamphetamine is a psychedelic drug of the phenethylamine and amphetamine chemical classes.
BU-LAD, also known as 6-butyl-6-nor-lysergic acid diethylamide, is an analogue of LSD first made by Alexander Shulgin and reported in the book TiHKAL.
DOTFM is the alpha-methylated analogue of 2C-TFM, and is around twice as potent in animal studies.
Mesalazine is the active moiety of sulfasalazine, which is metabolized to sulfapyridine and mesalazine.
Tavilermide is currently being evaluated in two multi-center phase III clinical studies in the United States for the treatment of dry eye disease.
It is not widely used in the United States due to its side effects and high cost compared to other NSAID drugs.
One author says it is important to treat vitamin B12 deficiency with hydroxocobalamin or cyanocobalamin or a combination of adenosylcobalamin and methylcobalamin, and not methylcobalamin alone.
Basiliximab is a chimeric mouse-human monoclonal antibody to the α chain of the IL-2 receptor of T cells.
Due to its short half-life twice daily dosing is required, although a once-daily controlled-release tablet has been developed.
Bumetanide is 40 times more potent than furosemide for patients with normal renal function.
Propizepine is a tricyclic antidepressant used in France for the treatment of depression which was introduced in the 1970s.
In veterinary medicine, trichlormethiazide can be combined with dexamethasone to be used on horses with mild swelling of distal limbs and general bruising.
Dextrallorphan is an opioid derivative chemical of the morphinan class that is used in scientific research.
Smooth muscle is a type of muscle that is not under voluntary control; it is the muscle present in places such as the gut and uterus.
It may not be as effective as artesunate.
Sitaxentan sodium is a medication for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Bectumomab is a mouse monoclonal antibody labelled with the radioactive isotope technetium-99m.
The main pharmacological effects of fosazepam may be due to its metabolite nordiazepam, rather than the parent drug.
Androstadienone, in picogram quantities, has been shown to have "significant reduction of nervousness, tension and other negative feeling states" in female subjects.
3-Methoxyeticyclidine is a dissociative anesthetic that is qualitatively similar to PCE and PCP and has been sold online as a designer drug.
Superposition should make it possible to see that there is at least a relationship between the pharmacophore of indatraline and various phenyltropanes.
Meptazinol exhibits not only a short onset of action, but also a shorter duration of action relative to other opioids such as morphine, pentazocine, or buprenorphine.
Diacerein-containing medications are registered in some European Union and Asian countries and included as a treatment option on several international therapeutic guidelines.
During pregnancy when used with ribavirin it may cause harm to the baby while when used with sofosbuvir its safety is unclear.
The advantage of using injectable antibiotics is not missing a dose that can allow partially resistant microbes to recover during missed doses.
In the United States this amount wholesale costs about 0.84 USD.
It has potent and long-lasting analgesic and diuretic effects.
On September 2, 2014, the United States Food and Drug Administration granted Breakthrough Therapy status to Acadia's New Drug Application for pimavanserin.
Salicylmethylecgonine, is a tropane derivative drug which is both a synthetic analogue and a possible active metabolite of cocaine.
Adhyperforin is a phytochemical found in the members of the plant genus Hypericum including St. John's Wort.
Lower levels of nitric oxide are present in spastic coronary arteries.
This work led on from an earlier series of sulfamoyl benzamide derivatives for which a patent was filed in 2004.
Investigation of a drug-related death in Japan in 2005 showed PMEA to be present in the body and was thought to be responsible for the death.
A1PI is both an endogenous protease inhibitor and an exogenous one used as medication.
As of 2011 drug development for psoriasis has been discontinued in the U.S. and Europe.
Phenazepam is used in the treatment of various psychiatric and neurological disorders.
The cosmetic or medicinal liquid paraffin should not be confused with the paraffin used as a fuel.
Its prohibition in other countries has slowed scientific research.
It is also widely used in scientific research into the CCKA receptor.
A cup of coffee contains 80–175 mg of caffeine, depending on what "bean" is used and how it is prepared.
Fursultiamine, also known as thiamine tetrahydrofurfuryl disulfide, is a disulfide derivative of thiamine, or an allithiamine.
An amnesty for possession and usage of these drugs remained until October 2008, at which point they became completely illegal.
It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in 1986.
During pregnancy, there are risks to the child later in life for type 2 diabetes, obesity, hypertension, neurobehavioral defects, respiratory dysfunction, and infertility.
Vindesine is an anti-mitotic vinca alkaloid used in chemotherapy.
It is the parent compound of nomegestrol acetate, which is marketed as a progestin.
Zafirlukast is marketed by Astra Zeneca with the brand names Accolate, Accoleit, and Vanticon.
8a-Phenyldecahydroquinoline is a high affinity NMDA antagonist developed by a team at Parke Davis in the 1950s.
Synthesized from Micromonospora olivasterospora(also named with additional o in olivoasterospora).
It was one of the first GH secretagogues developed and is largely a modified polypeptide, but it is nevertheless orally-active in vivo.
The pure substance melts at 24 °C, and boils between 137 to 139 °C.
Oxitropium bromide is a bronchodilator indicated for asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
5-Ethoxy-DMT is a tryptamine derivative which has been previously synthesized as a chemical intermediate, but has not been studied to determine its pharmacology.
Common side effects include nausea, loss of appetite, diarrhea, and headaches.
This effect is thought to be caused by reducing the production of the liquid within the eye.
It is prescribed for obesity in individuals who have been unable to lose weight through exercise and dieting alone.
Cholecystokinin tetrapeptide is a peptide fragment derived from the larger peptide hormone cholecystokinin.
WAY-267464 is a potent, selective, non-peptide agonist for the oxytocin receptor, with negligible affinity for the vasopressin receptors.
Cytotoxic T lymphocytes can recognize and destroy cancer cells.
Code named MK-202, the chemical increased lever-pressing work output under a range of conditions, in seemingly more adaptive ways than amphetamine.
In 2003 it failed a phase II clinical trial for metastatic colorectal cancer.
Sisomicin is inactivated by the same enzymes as gentamicin but it is active against many, not all, organisms that resist gentamicin by non-enzymatic mechanisms.
Other risks include increased rates of suicide, possibly due to disinhibition.
AM-906 is an analgesic drug which is a cannabinoid agonist.
It is an active metabolite of fenbufen.
It is useful in the treatment of chorea.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Aglepristone, similarly to mifepristone, also possesses some antiglucocorticoid activity.
It is marketed in Europe, including in Poland, Spain, and the United Kingdom.
Nalmexone, or nalmexone hydrochloride, is a semisynthetic, opioid partial agonist or mixed agonist-antagonist with both analgesic and narcotic antagonist properties that was never marketed.
In India, this drug is available under the brand names of Ismo, Isonorm, Monotrate, Solotrate, and Monit.
Parsatuzumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of cancer.
It is delivered as an aerosol formulation through a dry powder inhaler.
FLT indicates changes in tumour cell proliferation by tracking the restoration of nucleosides from degenerated DNA.
According to Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc CEO J. Michael Pearson they acquired Jublia through their purchase of Dow Pharmaceutical Sciences in 2008.
It is also used to aid smoking cessation.
3,4-Methylenedioxy-N-hydroxy-N-methylamphetamine is an entactogen, psychedelic, and stimulant of the phenethylamine and amphetamine chemical classes.
Its mechanism of action is not entirely clear but believed to be related to its ability to block dopamine receptors.
The drug became available in Japan in November 2014 and in the United States in February 2015.
Possession of the substance for consumption without license from the Department of Health is illegal with a $1,000,000 fine and/or 7 years of jail time.
It is a thioamide, closely related to propylthiouracil.
In an early clinical trial the drug was given intravenously and led to profound hypotension so development was halted.
No significant changes were observed in renin, ACTH, or cortisol levels.
It occurs naturally in the peyote cactus, the San Pedro cactus, the Peruvian torch, and in a number of other members of the Cactaceae plant family.
Cefotaxime is an antibiotic used to treat a number of bacterial infections.
It has much less activity against unrelated RTKs, soluble tyrosine kinases, or serine/threonine kinases.
It is potent, orally active and highly selective for factor Xa, being selected from a group of similar compounds for its low hERG affinity.
Androstenedione, or 4-androstenedione, also known as androst-4-ene-3,17-dione, is an endogenous weak androgen steroid hormone and intermediate in the biosynthesis of testosterone from dehydroepiandrosterone and of estrone.
The common dosage for adults and children over 12 years is 60–120 mg taken one, two or three a day, either before or after meals.
A biomarker study using CyTOF is also underway.
Like bemiparin, semuloparin is classified as an ultra-LMWH because of its low molecular mass of 2000–3000 g/mol on average.
It stimulates the action of the enzyme choline acetyltransferase, resulting in increased acetylcholine production.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Bivalirudin is a specific and reversible direct thrombin inhibitor.
Furthermore, APICA possesses cannabis-like effects in rats, and appears to be less potent than JWH-018 but more potent than THC.
Studies in other animals raise concerns regarding use in pregnancy.
It was originally made from the flowering ash and called manna after its supposed resemblance to the Biblical food.
An alkyl-aryl moiety is attached to this carbamate ring.
showed that 0.75 mg and 1.25 mg of atrasentan reduced urinary albumin by 35 and 38% respectively with modest side effects.
The long-term safety of pagoclone has not been assessed.
Ro67-4853 is a drug used in scientific research, which acts as a selective positive allosteric modulator for the metabotropic glutamate receptor subtype mGluR1.
Indometacin, or indomethacin, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug commonly used as a prescription medication to reduce fever, pain, stiffness, and swelling from inflammation.
One clinical study was stopped on December 19, 2014 after disappointing results.
Nicardipine is a dihydropyridine calcium-channel blocking agent used for the treatment of vascular disorders such as chronic stable angina, hypertension, and Raynaud's phenomenon.
It has mixed progestogenic and antiprogestogenic, weak androgenic, antigonadotropic, and functional antiestrogen activity.
KML-010 is a drug derived from spiperone.
Four of these trials should report useful data by end 2010.6 GSK filed for FDA approval on 01/14/2013 and European Medical Agency on 03/07/2013.
It blocks the α2 adrenergic auto- and heteroreceptors, and selectively antagonizes the 5-HT2 serotonin receptors in the central and peripheral nervous system.
5-APB and other compounds are sometimes informally called "Benzofury".
It was approved by the United States under the name Gattex on 21 December 2012 and also is an orphan drug there.
Abbott discontinued production in 1999, after which Placidyl was available for about a year in the United States.
It was developed by Hoffmann–La Roche and Chugai.
The major metabolic pathway of carisoprodol involves its conversion to meprobamate.
Common side effects include chest pain, feeling faint, shortness of breath along with tingling of the senses .
The tartrate is another salt form that is reported.
It is in the macrolide family and works by decreasing bacterial protein production.
Nebracetam is an investigational drug of the racetam family that is a M1 acetylcholine receptor agonist in rats.
Ladostigil is a novel neuroprotective agent being investigated for the treatment of neurodegenerative disorders like Alzheimer's disease, Lewy body disease, and Parkinson's disease.
ATC-0175 is a drug used in scientific research, which is a selective, non-peptide antagonist at the melanin concentrating hormone receptor MCH1.
Benazepril is a prodrug which is metabolized by the liver into its active form benazeprilat via cleavage of the drug's ester group.
Onset of effect is typically in 30 minutes and they last for 8 hours.
For acne it is applied to the skin as a cream or ointment.
It is a derivative of naproxen with a nitroxybutyl ester to allow it to also act as a nitric oxide donor.
Nilestriol, also known as nylestriol, is a synthetic, steroidal estrogen that was patented in 1971 and is marketed in China.
The first hepatitis A vaccine was approved in Europe in 1991 and the United States in 1995.
It often turns urine, sweat, and tears a red or orange color.
This peroxide is believed to be responsible for the drug's mechanism of action.
It is available in many countries under many brand names.
The remaining cardanol is 34% mono-unsaturated, 22% bi-unsaturated, and 2% saturated.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
It has antiinflammatory effects in animal studies, thought to be mediated by an interaction between the CB2 receptor and IgE.
In animal studies it has been shown to boost the activity of, but not substitute for, both amphetamine and nicotine.
It was developed by Janssen Pharmaceuticals and licensed to NewVac LLC.
Several 1-alkyl-4-phenyl-4-acyloxypiperidines have been prepared and found to possess significant analgesic action.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Morphine is frequently used for pain from myocardial infarction and during labour.
It is the first available active direct factor Xa inhibitor which is taken by mouth.
Darbepoetin alfa  is a re-engineered form of erythropoietin containing 5 amino acid changes resulting in the creation of 2 new sites for N-linked carbohydrate addition.
Ro48-6791 is a drug, an imidazobenzodiazepine derivative developed by Hoffman-LaRoche in the 1990s.
It also acts as an antagonist of platelet-derived growth factor.
It was described in the literature in 1959 and approved in 1964 for testosterone deficiency in male patients.
A head-to-head study with lopinavir showed the two drugs to have comparable potency, but patients on fosamprenavir tended to have a higher serum cholesterol.
Phase II clinical trials for treatment of melanoma and prostate cancer were in progress when development of the drug was discontinued.
Use in pregnancy is typically not recommended.
The drug acts by forming adducts with cellular DNA, preventing DNA transcription and replication, thereby inducing apoptosis.
In vitro, iclaprim is highly active against MRSA, vancomycin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, strains of Streptococcus pneumoniae resistant to several common antibiotics, and some Gram-negative bacteria.
Common side effects include nausea, feeling tired, fever, increased risk of infection, low white blood cell counts, and breakdown of the skin inside the mouth.
Neurogen terminated the program prior to Ligand’s acquisition.
Less common side effects may include areas of tissue damage and purple toes syndrome.
Gemcitabine was patented in 1983 and was approved for medical use in 1995.
In the European Union, it is licensed for acute bacterial exacerbations of chronic bronchitis, non-severe community-acquired pneumonia, and acute bacterial sinusitis.
Originally marketed by Ferring Pharmaceuticals, it is licensed in proprietary and generic forms for the delay of imminent pre-term birth in pregnant adult women.
It has potent analgesic effects in animal studies comparable to those of epibatidine, but with less toxicity, and also has antidepressant action.
It is particularly important for its activity against Pseudomonas aeruginosa and the Enterococcus species.
Desflurane is a highly fluorinated methyl ethyl ether used for maintenance of general anesthesia.
Roflumilast is a drug that acts as a selective, long-acting inhibitor of the enzyme phosphodiesterase-4.
An association with exercise intolerance has been reported.
Acetorphine is a potent opioid analgesic, up to 8700 times stronger than morphine by weight.
Like cetuximab, nimotuzumab binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor, a signalling protein that normally controls cell division.
It is a recombinant DNA-produced analogue of human β-glucocerebrosidase.
4-Acetoxy-DET, also known as ethacetin, ethylacybin or 4-AcO-DET is a psychedelic tryptamine.
It has similar adverse effect profile to other 3rd generation cephalosporins as well, mainly being limited to gastrointestinal or dermatological side effects.
It has been shown to possess immunomodulatory effects, and CB2 agonists may be useful in the treatment of pain and inflammation.
In the United Kingdom it costs the NHS 299.50 pounds per 100 mg dose.
Ocinaplon has a similar pharmacological profile to the benzodiazepine family of drugs, but with mainly anxiolytic properties and relatively little sedative or amnestic effect.
In 2010, it was made illegal in many European countries and in December 2010, the EU ruled it illegal.
The most unique property of this material is that there is a delay of about thirty minutes before its effects are felt."
As a result, on April 20, 2012:
It has selective anxiolytic action with no sedative, anticonvulsant or muscle relaxant effects.
Phenazopyridine was discovered by Bernhard Joos, the founder of Cilag.
The drug is a highly active and potent estrogen by the oral or subcutaneous route.
Gabazine has been found to bind to and antagonize α4βδ subunit-containing GABAA receptors, which may represent the GHB receptor.
Oxaprotiline, also known as hydroxymaprotiline, is a norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor of the tetracyclic antidepressant family that is related to maprotiline.
Acedapsone, or 1399 F, is a diacetyl compound, derived from dapsone.
The FDA requested Hemispherx conduct at least one additional controlled trial to demonstrate efficacy in treating CFS.
Magnesium orotate, the magnesium salt of orotic acid, is a mineral supplement.
HybriCell is a therapeutic vaccine developed by Brazilian immunologist Jose Alexandre Barbuto.
It has also shown efficacy in the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in animal models.
Pipecuronium is a bisquaternary aminosteroid muscle relaxant which blocks nicotinic acetylcholine receptor at the neuromuscular junction.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about US$106.50 a month.
Tertatolol has also been shown to act as a 5-HT1A receptor antagonist, similarly to pindolol.
Aducanumab is a human monoclonal antibody that is being studied for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Commonly known as pink bismuth, it is also sometimes the active ingredient in Kaopectate.
Japanese encephalitis vaccine is a vaccine that protects against Japanese encephalitis.
In any case, it has been suggested that-DPN might be the preferred enantiomer to use for scientific research.
It has an additional use in gastric variceal obliteration as a dilutant that does not affect polymerization of cyanoacrylate.
As of February 2016, anamorelin has completed phase III clinical trials for the treatment of cancer cachexia and anorexia associated with non-small-cell lung carcinoma.
Naloxone may be combined within the same pill as an opioid to decrease the risk of misuse.
For CLL it is a preferred treatment.
Its ability to potentiate the effects of the antifungal amphotericin B in culture were later found to be non-specific.
It binds to the epithelial cell adhesion molecule, with the intent to trigger antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity.
When present in the bloodstream, it acts on particular cells of the pituitary gland called gonadotropes.
Sold as Eucapil, it is available as a 2% topical formulation intended for application to the scalp.
It was later largely superseded by penicillin and other sulfonamides.
It is probably the main contributor to the stimulant effect of Catha edulis.
It is also used to treat nighttime leg cramps, and has been investigated for its effect against migraine.
In humans, lindane affects the nervous system, liver, and kidneys, and may well be a carcinogen.
and is known as a pyrroloisoquinoline, that is benzhydryl-containing.
The two trials enrolled nearly 2000 patients.
In 2009, development was suspended with no explanation given.
ACAM2000 is a smallpox vaccine developed by Acambis.
It is a potent analgesic, around 60 times stronger than morphine and produces significantly less constipation.
The chemical name is 3,3' -azobissalicylic acid.
It is a class 3 antianginal drug, and a class IV antiarrhythmic.
Pirenoxine is a medication used in the possible treatment and prevention of cataracts.
Rates of side effects appear to be higher than some groups of antibiotics such as cephalosporins but lower than others such as clindamycin.
It is a fully human monoclonal agonist antibody directed against the extracellular domain of human TRAIL receptor 2 with potential antineoplastic activity.
Polynoxylin is an antiseptic for local treatment of the skin and the mouth.
2 g of propacetamol are equivalent to 1g of paracetamol.
Glycyrrhizin is the chief sweet-tasting constituent of Glycyrrhiza glabra root.
Etilefrine is a cardiac stimulant used as an antihypotensive.
Cefuroxime axetil is a second generation oral cephalosporin antibiotic.
For this reason, the compound has only found use in the research.
Norbuprenorphine is a major active metabolite of the opioid modulator buprenorphine.
Leuprorelin, also known as leuprolide, is a manufactured version of a hormone used to treat prostate cancer, breast cancer, endometriosis, uterine fibroids, and early puberty.
The commercial form is marketed under the brand name Botox, among others.
As of 2015 the cost for a typical month of medication in the United States is less than $25 USD.
It was discontinued by the manufacturer in 2005.
5-APDI has been classified as a class B drug under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 since 10 June 2014.
Onset of effects is typically in 90 minutes and they last for 24 hours.
Intranasal corticosteroids are the most effective medication for controlling symptoms.
It is used in the treatment of dry mouth and especially associated with Sjögren's syndrome.
It underwent initial development at Artemis Neuroscience which was acquired by VistaGen in 2003.
It has also seen widespread off-label use as a purported cognition-enhancing agent.
In the early 2010s, a number of deaths in users of the drug MDMA were linked to misrepresented tablets and capsules of PMMA.
However, data on its effect upon the renal function are conflicting.
Sevoflurane was discovered by Ross Terrell and independently by Bernard M Regan.
Stamulumab was formulated and tested by Wyeth in Collegeville, Pennsylvania.
Piribedil is an antiparkinsonian agent and piperazine derivative which acts as a D2 and D3 receptor agonist.
It is a bacteriostatic antibiotic, classified as a long-acting type.
Tandamine is analogous to pirandamine, which, instead, acts as a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor.
Patents and registrations have been approved or are ongoing in several other countries throughout Europe, Asia, Africa and South America, as well as Australia.
Methyldopa, sold under the brand name Aldomet among others, is a medication used for high blood pressure.
Phase III clinical trials were conducted around the year 2000.
Ibutilide is marketed as Corvert by Pfizer.
Setmelanotide is a peptide drug and investigational anti-obesity medication which acts as a selective agonist of the MC4 receptor.
As of 2015, it is in phase III clinical trials for the treatment of endometriosis and uterine leiomyoma.
It subsequently showed up in urine tests on athletes in competition in the early 2000s.
It is currently being marketed by GE Healthcare and is being sold in both the United Kingdom and Germany.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Amikacin was patented in 1971 and came into commercial use in 1976.
It works by allowing more water to be absorbed by the feces.
It is used for the treatment of schizophrenia as well as acute mania and mixed states associated with bipolar disorder.
Ricasetron is a drug which acts as a selective antagonist at the serotonin 5-HT3 receptor.
Ispronicline is an experimental drug which acts as a partial agonist at neural nicotinic acetylcholine receptors.
The maleic acid salt of the levorotatory isomer is sold as the prescription drug rotoxamine.
It is being developed by RFS Pharma.
In effect, it decreases output from the peripheral sympathetic nervous system.
Glymidine sodium is a sulfonamide antidiabetic drug, structurally related to the sulfonylureas.
The vaccine is sold by Merck as M-M-R II, GlaxoSmithKline Biologicals as Priorix, Serum Institute of India as Tresivac, and Sanofi Pasteur as Trimovax.
Its typical vaporized dose is 5–20 mg, while DMTs dosage range is somewhere around 20-70 mg.
Nadroparin is an anticoagulant belonging to a class of drugs called low molecular weight heparins.
It has antibiotic activity against a wide range of Gram-negative and Gram-positive organisms.
It is available by mouth, intravenously, and as a cream to be applied to the skin or in the vagina.
Entecavir, sold under the brand name Baraclude, is an antiviral medication used in the treatment of hepatitis B virus infection.
In Australia, it is one of the top 15 most prescribed medications.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 1.04 to 7.99 USD per 200 mg vial.
As of 2014 there were only two countries in which it is currently still marketed: Thailand and Ireland.
Argatroban is metabolized in the liver and has a half-life of about 50 minutes.
Despite all these uses, only a fraction of the cardanol obtained from cashew nut processing is used in the industrial field.
Methastyridone is a centrally acting stimulant, whose mode of action differs from that of classical agents such as d-amphetamine.
There are many trade names for the product.
Acetazolamide, sold under the trade name Diamox among others, is a medication used to treat glaucoma, epilepsy, altitude sickness, periodic paralysis, and heart failure.
Pentazocine is a synthetically-prepared prototypical mixed agonist–antagonist narcotic drug of the benzomorphan class of opioids used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain.
Cariporide is a potent NHE1 inhibitor is may also be useful for treatment of cancer.
Sulfadimethoxine is a long-lasting sulfonamide antimicrobial medication used in veterinary medicine.
It is a phosphodiesterase 3 inhibitor that works to increase the heart's contractility and decrease pulmonary vascular resistance.
It was first developed by Maurice Hilleman while at Merck.
It was approved for sale by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on August 13, 2014.
Derivatives of ibogaine that lack the substance's psychedelic properties are under development.
SDB-005 is an indazole-based synthetic cannabinoid that has been sold online as a designer drug.
It is sold in single dose units and a large 500ml plastic bottle for multi-dose dispensing.
It has neuroprotective effects via stimulation of GABA release in the brain.
It is an N-acyloxymethyl prodrug of aripiprazole that is administered via intramuscular injection once every four to six weeks for the treatment of schizophrenia.
Blocking SOST activity can lead to increased bone density.
Difluprednate is a corticosteroid, It is chemically a butyrate ester of 6(alpha),9(alpha)-difluoro prednisolone acetate.
6-APB is also the unsaturated benzofuran derivative of 6-APDB.
Dose adjustment may be needed in those with kidney problems.
It has been described as a hydroxylated phencyclidine regioisomer.
It has also been cited as one of the most used drugs for seasickness within the British Royal Navy.
Regavirumab is a human monoclonal antibody against infections with cytomegalovirus.
It is generally recommended for use with other antiretroviral medication.
It is unclear if use in pregnancy or breastfeeding is safe.
Enallylpropymal is a barbiturate derivative developed by Hoffman la Roche in the 1930s.
It acts as a competitive, reversible, and non-selective monoamine oxidase inhibitor, and as a low affinity, non-competitive NMDA receptor antagonist.
Use during pregnancy will likely harm the baby.
It is an N-methylated derivative of propallylonal and has similar sedative effects.
Malaria resistant to quinine occurs in certain areas of the world.
It is marketed by Roberts Laboratories under the brand name Furoxone and by GlaxoSmithKline as Dependal-M.
Upon IV administration, the iron is distributed to ferritin, the normal iron storage protein.
HCTZ is taken by mouth and may be combined with other blood pressure medications as a single pill to increase the effectiveness.
In June 2016, Aeterna stated that it plans to submit an NDA to the FDA by mid 2017.
It is available as a generic drug in a number of formulations, including diclofenac diethylamine, which is applied topically.
Dizocilpine blocks NMDA receptors in a use- and voltage-dependent manner, since the channel must open for the drug to bind inside it.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is between 0.01 and 0.04 USD per dose.
takes certain medications used to treat heart disease;
It has been referred to as milk of amnesia because of the milk-like appearance of the intravenous preparation.
It is also known as "platelet-derived growth factor BB".
CYT006-AngQb was an investigational vaccine against angiotensin II, designed to lower blood pressure.
SKF-82,958 is a synthetic compound of the benzazepine class that acts as a D1/D5 receptor full agonist.
Teneligliptin is a pharmaceutical drug for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Development was abandoned in 2015 due to poor clinical trial results.
- both compounds appear to be polyketides and therefore derived from acetate units,
The more common name 2-AIMP/2-A1MP does not appear to relate to the molecular structure.
One dose usually lasts 4 to 9 hours and is usually administered once or twice daily.
Golimumab is a human monoclonal antibody which is used as an immunosuppressive drug and marketed under the brand name Simponi.
In the United States, Lomotil is classified as a Schedule V controlled substance by federal law, and is available only for a medical purpose.
Currently, it is in Phase II clinical studies.
Colestipol is a bile acid sequestrant used to lower blood cholesterol, specifically low-density lipoprotein.
Pipofezine is a tricyclic antidepressant approved in Russia for the treatment of depression.
At the time it gained FDA approval Kanuma was the first only drug manufactured in chicken eggs and intended for use in humans.
Tenofovir disoproxil, sold under the trade name Viread among others, is a medication used to treat chronic hepatitis B and to prevent and treat HIV/AIDS.
This compound produces hallucinogen-appropriate responding in animal tests with a similar potency to the amphetamine-derived psychedelic DOI, and has two enantiomers, with only the-enantiomer being active.
Evodiamine may also act in a manner comparable to tianeptine by increasing the number of serotonin transporters available in the brain, enhancing the reuptake of serotonin.
LR-5182 is a stimulant drug which acts as a norepinephrine–dopamine reuptake inhibitor, structurally related to the better known drug fencamfamine.
JWH-148 is a synthetic cannabimimetic that was discovered by John W. Huffman.
Oxcarbazepine is an anticonvulsant drug primarily used in the treatment of epilepsy.
This causes dopamine release in the brain and has a stimulant effect, as well as blocking the behavioural effects of cocaine.
It acts as a GABAA receptor positive allosteric modulator at the barbiturate binding site of the complex and has anxiolytic effects in animals.
Other severe side effects include reactivation of hepatitis B in those previously infected, progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy, and toxic epidermal necrolysis.
Considering that FLT lacks a 3′-hydroxy group, polymerisation of DNA is impeded following incorporating of FLT.
Octriptyline is a tricyclic antidepressant that was never marketed.GB 1406481 .
It was granted Orphan Drug Status by the FDA for Graves' ophthalmopathy.
Zopiclone is a controlled substance in the United States, Japan, Brazil, and some European countries, and may be illegal to possess without a prescription.
It is the 4-hydroxyl analog of DPT.
It is available as a generic medication.
These receptors are involved in the transmission of painful sensations, and in movement, among other functions.
It is unclear if use during pregnancy is safe for the baby.
Regular insulin can be made from the pancreas of pigs or cows.
It inhibits the Ras kinase in a post-translational modification step before the kinase pathway becomes hyperactive.
Fenisorex is an amphetamine-like anorectic drug which does not appear to have ever been marketed.
It is used in many countries as a veterinary antibiotic, but is available in China, Morocco and Italy for use in humans.
It has been used as a veterinary medicine to treat salmonids for infection with the myxozoan parasite Myxobolus cerebralis.
Using native rat and cloned human GABA-A receptors, loreclezole strongly potentiated GABA-activated chloride current.
The development of Ro 44-3888 and sibrafiban was discontinued in 1999 following unfavorable Phase III efficacy data.
Diphenhydramine was first made by George Rieveschl and came into commercial use in 1946.
Additionally, it has been used for acne, dermatitis herpetiformis, and various other skin conditions.
There is also a topical form created for the treatment of abnormal wound healing processes.
For people who are symptomatic, it is used after treatment with metronidazole or tinidazole.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 4.32 USD per vial as of 2014.
It is active against some fungi including Candida albicans.
Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form.
It has been shown to produce antiinflammatory effects in animal studies.
Other serious side effects include liver problems and allergic reactions.
Lisuride is an antiparkinson agent of the iso-ergoline class, chemically related to the dopaminergic ergoline Parkinson's drugs.
Oral teicoplanin has been demonstrated to be effective in the treatment of pseudomembranous colitis and Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhoea, with comparable efficacy with vancomycin.
It is a structural analog of phenazepam in which the chlorine atom has been replaced by a fluorine atom.
Most recently, it has become an important molecular probe for studying the pharmacology of the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor.
Each vial has 200 units of taliglucerase alfa.
Moreover, the incidence and severity of menopausal side effects such as hot flashes are also reduced relative to first-generation GnRH inhibitors.
It is manufactured by Amylin Pharmaceuticals and commercialized by AstraZeneca.
It was initially developed and tested by the Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation for Alzheimer's disease.
It reduces intraocular pressure by increasing the outflow of aqueous fluid from the eyes.
Omeprazole is a proton-pump inhibitor and as such blocks the release of stomach acid.
Analogues of α-PPP such as pyrovalerone and MDPV have been more widely used and are presumed to be more potent and addictive than α-PPP itself.
It is a synthetic analog of the adrenal corticosteroids.
Since it was found useful for PCP pneumonia the price has been increased greater than ten times.
More severe side effects include deafness, low blood platelets, and an irregular heartbeat.
It is quite similar to chlorpromazine, and acts as a dopamine antagonist.
The drug has been used as an antidepressant and anorectic.
It is a member of the streptogramin A group of antibiotics and one component of pristinamycin.
While the drug never became particularly popular, it briefly entered the rave and underground clubbing scene in the UK before its sale and import were banned.
Alfetamine, or alpha-allyl-phenethylamine, is a chemical compound of the phenethylamine family.
E-4031 is an experimental class III antiarrhythmic drug that blocks potassium channels of the hERG-type.
Synthesis of this compound was first reported by Daniel Trachsel in 2011, alongside many other related compounds.
It has a long duration of action due to its active metabolites.
DOV-102,677 increased extracellular levels of dopamine and serotonin in the prefrontal cortex to 320 and 280% above baseline 100 min after administration.
Morinamide is a drug used in the treatment of tuberculosis.
Norgina BV has now acquired the full global rights to cetilistat from Alizyme after the latter went into administration.
It is still not known if the reactive intermediate which inactivates the CYP2C9 is the thiophene sulfoxide or the thiophene epoxide.
Adinazolam was never FDA approved and never made available to the public market, however it has been sold as a designer drug.
For the first six months after vaccination they provide about 85% protection, which decreases to 50% or 60% during the first year.
Clinical trials for CLL were terminated in 2010, and for allergic asthma in 2007.
It is unclear if use during pregnancy or under the age of three is safe for the baby.
Oxilofrine is a stimulant drug and is an amphetamine chemically related to ephedrine and to synephrine.
It was developed by a team at Hoffmann-La Roche in the 1990s.
Using 1,3-butadiene as a starting material, a stereoselective synthesis of-4-de(3'-hydroxypropionyl) betanenone B was achieved in a 24-step synthesis.
3-Fluorophenmetrazine is a phenylmorpholine-based stimulant and fluorinated analogue of phenmetrazine that has been sold online as a designer drug.
It is a vasoconstrictor with a rapid action in reducing swelling when applied to mucous membrane.
Although Cetacaine has been widely used in the medical, but mainly dental field it has yet to be officially approved by the FDA.
Doxepin is a antidepressant medication used to treat depression.
It is co-marketed by Biogen and Élan as Tysabri, and was previously named Antegren.
In the United States, it requires a prescription.
Tranexamic acid is available as a generic medication.
It is not scheduled by Convention on Psychotropic Substances.
The target use is for treatment of Clostridium difficile infection.
It is closely related to eltoprazine, fluprazine, and naphthylpiperazine, of which possess similar actions and effects.
Atenolol is a selective β1 receptor antagonist, a drug belonging to the group of beta blockers, a class of drugs used primarily in cardiovascular diseases.
Amphetamine is also used as an athletic performance enhancer and cognitive enhancer, and recreationally as an aphrodisiac and euphoriant.
Dose-by-dose it is eight to ten times more potent than morphine.
The recommendation was endorsed by the European Commission in November 2012.
It is available in 1 mg and 2 mg tablets.
Novobiocin was first reported in the mid-1950s.
It may be used alone, when other cholesterol-lowering medications are not tolerated, or together with statins when statins alone do not control cholesterol.
2-Benzylpiperidine is a stimulant drug of the piperidine class.
Fencamine is a psychostimulant drug of the amphetamine class.
Addex Therapeutics is also investigating an extended-release formulation of dipraglurant for the treatment of non-parkinsonian dystonia.
The mechanism for this action is thought to be through promoting the induction of long-term potentiation between synapses in the brain.
The functional group of the anion exchange resin is a quaternary ammonium group attached to an inert styrene-divinylbenzene copolymer.
Tutin is a poisonous plant derivative found in the New Zealand tutu plant.
Odanacatib is an investigational treatment for osteoporosis and bone metastasis.
CP 55,940 is a cannabinoid which mimics the effects of naturally occurring THC.
In medical terms, it is an opioid analgesic and, in legal terms, a narcotic.
CSP-2503 is a potent and selective 5-HT1A receptor agonist, 5-HT2A receptor antagonist, and 5-HT3 receptor antagonist of the phenylpiperazine class.
It is a component of the combination drug tegafur/uracil.
Doxorubicin is given by injection into a vein.
Salicylamide is a non-prescription drug with analgesic and antipyretic properties.
Edrophonium is a readily reversible acetylcholinesterase inhibitor.
Mesterolone is a relatively weak androgen and is rarely used for replacement therapies.
Prostaglandin E1, also known as alprostadil, is a naturally occurring prostaglandin which is used as a medication.
Betrixaban has undergone human clinical trials for prevention of embolism after knee surgery, and prevention of stroke following atrial fibrillation, with promising results.
It also has a more rapid onset of action, and is ~1.5 times as potent as tubocurarine.
Histone deacetylase inhibitors have a broad spectrum of epigenetic activities.
Despite its history of clinical use, centalun was never incorporated into the CSA and therefore remains unregulated as a drug of abuse.
Chemically, it is a reversed ester of pethidine which has about 70% of the potency of morphine.
It acts in the same way as the older drug orlistat by inhibiting pancreatic lipase, an enzyme that breaks down triglycerides in the intestine.
The drug is being developed by the pharmaceutical company ESSA Pharma Inc for the treatment of castration-resistant prostate cancer and is currently in pre-clinical development.
The primary effect of this inhibition is relaxed vascular smooth muscle tone, which decreases peripheral vascular resistance, leading to decreased blood pressure.
It is available as a generic medication and is not very expensive.
Faralimomab is a mouse monoclonal antibody and an immunomodulator.
As of 2016 it was in a Phase II clinical trial for major depressive disorder.
It is the β-deketo analogue of mephedrone.
Lacosamide (INN, formerly known as erlosamide, harkeroside, SPM 927, or ADD 234037, is a medication for the adjunctive treatment of partial-onset seizures and diabetic neuropathic pain.
Gallamine triethiodide is a non-depolarising muscle relaxant.
Several studies have been conducted showing 2-ME2 is a microtubule-inhibitor and effective against prostate cancer in rodents.
It has neuroprotective and antidepressant effects, and potentiates the effects of NMDA antagonists.
While use during pregnancy is not recommended risk appears to be low.
Accordingly, difluprednate is sometimes abbreviated DFBA, for difluoroprednisolone butyrate acetate.
Chloroethylclonidine is an irreversible agonist for adrenergic receptors, in particular alpha1B, D, C and alpha2A/D-subtypes.
Pramiracetam is a central nervous system stimulant and nootropic agent belonging to the racetam family of drugs.
It also blocked photosensitive epilepsies in baboons.
The drug is in Phase III trials.
However, further clinical development was not pursued and it was never marketed.
Use during pregnancy may cause harm to the baby; however stopping it in pregnant women with seizures is not recommended.
Cefpodoxime inhibits cell wall synthesis by inhibiting the final transpeptidation step of peptidoglycan synthesis in cell walls.
It has a multifactorial mode of action and is characterized by a fast onset of action.
The free base conversion ratio of the hydrochloride is 0.89.
With a Ki of 1.2nM it is fairly selective for the CB1 subtype, its affinity at this subtype approximately 10x the affinity at CB2.
It is most closely related in structure to the benzodiazepine antagonist flumazenil, although its effects are somewhat different.
In the United States it is over the counter for all ages.
Griseofulvin works by interfering with fungal mitosis.
Like ACTH, alsactide is thought to act as a non-selective agonist of the melanocortin receptors, including the ACTH receptor.
Isosorbide dinitrate was first written about in 1939.
It has reduced the rate of relapses in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis by approximately one-half over a two-year period.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 2.20 to 4.10 USD per liter of 5% solution.
Linagliptin and Trajenta) is a dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor developed by Boehringer Ingelheim for treatment of diabetes mellitus type 2.
Subsequently, lophophine was indeed shown to be a minor component of both peyote and San Pedro cactus.
It is used in the form of its hydrochloride salt to treat ovarian cancer, lung cancer and other cancer types.
Prior to 1993, papaveretum also contained noscapine, though this component was removed from the BP formulation due to the genotoxic potential of noscapine.
The drug targets member 10b of the tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily, a protein overexpressed in many kinds of tumour.
It can also be produced from thebaine.
In explanation of these properties, norbuprenorphine has been found to be a high affinity P-glycoprotein substrate, and in accordance, shows very limited blood-brain-barrier penetration.
It is the alpha-methoxy derivative of Mephedrone.
Paradoxical effects, such as increased activity, can occur especially in children and older people.
Benzathine benzylpenicillin, also known as benzathine penicillin G, is an antibiotic useful for the treatment of a number of bacterial infections.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 2.46 to 3.92 USD per month.
Its official FDA-approved labeling does not mention use in the treatment of partial seizures inasmuch as clinical trials submitted to the FDA were marginal.
It works by blocking the creation of new DNA, which results in cell death.
It was found that the-isomer was responsible for activity.
It is taken orally in a dose of 600 mg once daily with or without food.
In June 2015, the Rett Syndrome Research Trust awarded a grant to Neurolixis to advance F-15599 to clinical development.
It is available as a generic medication.
Cannabicyclol is a non-psychoactive cannabinoid found in Cannabis.
This drug was developed by Celldex Therapeutics.
Ciclopramine is a tetracyclic antidepressant that was never marketed.
It is very scarcely applied on dogs and cats.
In animal studies it showed anxiolytic and antipsychotic effects, and blocked the effects produced by the hallucinogenic drug DOB.
Brodalumab is a human monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of inflammatory diseases.
Use is highest in North America followed by Europe and South America.
Dexmedetomidine, sold under the trade names Precedex among others, is an anxiety reducing, sedative, and pain medication.
In the United States it costs about 0.20 USD per dose.
Ethinamate is a short-acting carbamate-derivative sedative-hypnotic medication used to treat insomnia.
Common side effects include feeling tired, headache, nausea, fever, muscle pains, and an irritable mood.
The United States Food and Drug Administration has granted Fast Track designation to relamorelin for diabetic gastroparesis.
It is available in Scandinavia, Austria, Greece, Thailand and Australia, but has been discontinued in some other countries.
Emesafene is a combination of meclizine and pyridoxine.
The drug has been studied for parenteral and oral administration in subjects with serious infections.
D-Deprenyl, also known as or dextro-N-propargyl-N-methylamphetamine, is an MAO-B inhibitor that metabolizes into D-amphetamine and D-methamphetamine and is therefore also a norepinephrine-dopamine releasing agent.
It can be made from morphine by selective methylation.
A density gradient medium for the centrifugation of biological particles.
Common side effects include drowsiness, dry mouth, low blood pressure, trouble seeing, and dizziness.
It is available as a generic medication.
Elvucitabine is an experimental nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor, developed by Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for the treatment of HIV infection.
It is an active ingredient in several over-the-counter formulations including Clear Eyes and Naphcon eye drops.
As of 2009, it has not entered clinical trials.
In pigs and rats the drug is excreted both as parent drug and as thiamphenicol glucuronate.
By itself effectiveness for this purpose is between 66% and 90%.
It was used by Jean-Charles Schwartz in his early experiments regarding the H3 receptor.
Lansoprazole is a proton-pump inhibitor in the same pharmacologic class as omeprazole.
Teva brought it to market in partnership with Lundbeck in Europe and Eisai in the US and elsewhere.
The World Health Organization recommends the use of the conjugate vaccine in the routine immunizations given to children.
It has been shown to facilitate liver regeneration in rats.
Benzylpenicillin is given by injection into a vein or muscle.
The final confirmation of the azathioprine/aildenafil hybrid was provided by Sakamoto et al.
Pasireotide is a somatostatin analog with a 40-fold increased affinity to somatostatin receptor 5 compared to other somatostatin analogs.
This includes fungal infections of the nails and skin when antifungal creams have not worked.
In 2016, Novartis intends to apply for FDA approval to treat sIBM patients with Bimagrumab BYM338.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
If used during pregnancy or in young children may result in permanent problems with the teeth including changes in their color.
7,8-Dihydroxyflavone is a naturally occurring flavone found in Godmania aesculifolia, Tridax procumbens, and primula tree leaves.
It has no significant affinity for the σ2 receptor.
The usual dose for Patanol is 1 drop in each affected eye 2 times per day, with 6 to 8 hours between doses.
It has similar efficacy and effects relative to other TCAs like imipramine but with fewer side effects.
Use during pregnancy appears to be safe for the baby.
It includes the unusual starter unit methylaspartate.
Thiamazole or methimazole is an antithyroid drug, and part of the thioamide group.
In the mid-1900s, it was used in conjunction with an anesthetic to provide skeletal muscle relaxation during surgery or mechanical ventilation.
Vitamin C was discovered in 1912, isolated in 1928, and first made in 1933.
Belimumab is a human monoclonal antibody that inhibits B-cell activating factor, also known as B-lymphocyte stimulator.
Thiotetrabarbital is a drug which is a short-acting barbiturate derivative that is used as an anesthetic.
This is achieved by blocking sodium channels.
Commonly these include loss of appetite, nausea, headache, and rash.
Meticillin, also known as methicillin, is a narrow-spectrum β-lactam antibiotic of the penicillin class.
It is not recommended in those with a history of penicillin allergy.
Pyridostigmine was patented in 1945 and came into medical use in 1955.
SGLT2 is one subtype of SGLTs and plays a key role in the reuptake of glucose in the proximal tubule of the kidneys.
Phase 2 clinical trials in patients with colorectal cancer, osteosarcoma and Ewing's sarcoma are complete.
It generally has a short duration of action due to its rapid metabolism, so is safe for use in older people.
A cysteine adduct is formed with the methylene group and this is the active form.
It acts directly on the central nervous system to decrease the feeling of pain.
It has potent anticonvulsant effects in animal studies, but a relatively short duration of action, and produces little sedative effects or physical dependence.
It has been investigated as a potential radiolabelled agent for studying receptor binding, but was not adopted for this application.
The injectable form may be used to treat status epilepticus.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
It is a Selective BRAF Inhibitor, and is in phase III clinical trials.
In the year before withdrawal, Merck had sales revenue of US$2.5 billion from Vioxx.
It can be given by mouth or by injection.
It is usually sold as a solution or medicated soap, sometimes in combination with benzyl benzoate.
TeGenero announced the first elucidation of the molecular structure of CD28 almost exactly one year prior to commencement of the TGN1412 phase I clinical trial.
It acts as a small-molecule Nav1.7 and Nav1.8 voltage-gated sodium channel blocker.
Lomefloxacin is associated with phototoxicity and central nervous system adverse effects.
Compared to amphetamine, phenylisobutylamine has strongly reduced dopaminergic effects, and instead acts as a selective norepinephrine releasing agent.
It is manufactured under the brand name Ethacizin by Olainfarm.
Co-amilofruse is a nonproprietary name used to denote a combination of amiloride and furosemide, which are both diuretics.
Tizanidine has been found to be as effective as other antispasmodic drugs and is more tolerable than baclofen and diazepam.
Thus imipenem/cilastatin, like amoxicillin/clavulanic acid, is a commonly used combination product.
It should not be used in people who are allergic to penicillin.
It was originally discovered and tested as part of a preclinical anti-inflammatory program by Inflazyme Pharmaceuticals.
Anthracimycin is a polyketide antibiotic discovered in 2013.
Common side effects include hot flashes, altered mood, joint pain, and nausea.
Idebenone is a drug that was initially developed by Takeda Pharmaceutical Company for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease and other cognitive defects.
Bezafibrate is a fibrate drug used as a lipid-lowering agent to treat hyperlipidaemia.
The Swiss company Santhera Pharmaceuticals has started to investigate it for the treatment of neuromuscular diseases.
It is naturally produced by the body, although it is often taken as a dietary supplement.
Early human trials using this prodrug form of LY-404,039 gave encouraging results.
It is a prodrug of ampicillin with improved oral bioavailability.
The emetic properties of apomorphine are exploited in veterinary medicine to induce therapeutic emesis in canines that have recently ingested toxic or foreign substances.
It used to be marketed by Roche as a cough medicine available in liquid form.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 638.54 USD per vial.
Although not approved for this use, it appears to be effective.
Cardanol finds use in the chemical industry in resins, coatings, frictional materials, and surfactants used as pigment dispersants for water-based inks.
It is marketed under the trade name OptiMARK.
Fluclorolone acetonide is a corticosteroid for topical use on the skin.
In 1998, the compound was in-licensed from SK Corp., a South Korean company.
Fluorolintane and related diarylethylamines are antagonists of the NMDA receptor and have been studied in vitro as potential treatments for neurotoxic injury, depression and as sympathomimetic.
It likely produces stimulant effects via inducing the release of serotonin, norepinephrine, and/or dopamine, similarly to related compounds like 4-methylamphetamine.
It is currently marketed under the name Inavir by Daiichi Sankyo.
It is marketed by GlaxoSmithKline under the trade names Valtrex and Zelitrex.
Pyrvinium is an anthelmintic effective for pinworms.
It was developed by Bayer A.G. and is sold under the tradename Baycaron.
Unlike loop diuretics, chlortalidone efficacy is diminished in patients with certain renal diseases.
The medication increases the number of satisfying sexual events per month by about one half over placebo from a starting point of about two to three.
It is no longer marketed by AstraZeneca, but may still be available from other pharmaceutical companies or generically.
The word Aspirin was Bayer's brand name; however, their rights to the trademark were lost or sold in many countries.
Hattori Y, Inomata N, Aisaka K, Ishihara T. Electrophysiological actions of N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-8-pyrrolizidine-acetamide hydrochloride hemihydrate, a new antiarrhythmic agent.
PNU-282,987 is a drug that acts as a potent and selective agonist for the α7 subtype of neural nicotinic acetylcholine receptors.
Taranabant is a cannabinoid receptor type 1 inverse agonist that was investigated as a potential treatment for obesity due to its anorectic effects.
It does not prevent the actual release of histamine from mast cells.
Furosemide, sold under the brand name Lasix among others, is a medication used to treat fluid build-up due to heart failure, liver scarring, or kidney disease.
Eszopiclone, marketed by Sunovion under the brand-name Lunesta, is a nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic agent used in the treatment of insomnia.
Subsequently, 7,8-DHF demonstrated robust efficacy in animal models of Alzheimer's disease and a variety of other conditions, making it a highly promising potential therapeutic agent.
It appears to be safe during pregnancy and when breastfeeding.
Quinelorane is a drug which acts as a dopamine agonist for the D2 and D3 receptor.
Etilevodopa is a dopaminergic agent which was developed as a treatment for Parkinson's disease.
Lundbeck does not permit its sale to prisons or corrections departments to carry out the death penalty.
ANG1005 is an experimental chemotherapy drug that is under development by Angiochem Inc, a Canadian biotech company.
Melarsoprol has a high number of side effects.
It is pegylated to protects the molecule from breakdown.
It is structurally related to lamivudine and emtricitabine, and, like these, is an analogue of cytidine.
It is a direct factor Xa inhibitor.
Symptoms of hypersensitivity include rash, vomiting, and shortness of breath.
Talizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that was under development by Tanox in Houston, Texas as a new-concept therapeutic for allergic diseases.
Metamfepramone is metabolized to produce N-methylpseudoephedrine and methcathinone.
Under license from Bukwang, Pharmasset was developing the drug, but its phase III clinical trial was terminated due to some myopathy cases in patients.
Common side effects include shakiness, anxiety, and sweating.
It is active against beta-lactamase-producing organisms such as Staphylococcus aureus, which would otherwise be resistant to most penicillins.
This salt contains an anionic linear coordination complex of gold(I) bound to two thiosulfate ligands.
It is marketed under the trade name Cefadyl.
MER-25 was first reported in 1958, and was the first antiestrogen to be discovered.
Ethosuximide is in the succinimide family of medications.
Other side effects include masking the symptoms of low blood sugar in those with diabetes.
It was developed by Eli Lilly and Company in the 1990s.
Ipragliflozin, jointly developed by Astellas Pharma and Kotobuki Pharmaceutical, was approved in Japan on January 17, 2014.
It is the active dextrorotatory enantiomer of ibuprofen.
Tramadol, sold under the brandname Ultram among others, is an opioid pain medication used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain.
Latanoprost, sold under the brand name Xalatan among others, is a medication used to treat increased pressure inside the eye.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Ro4-1539 is an opioid analgesic drug from the morphinan series that was developed by the pharmaceutical company Hoffmann–La Roche in the 1950s.
It is in the thiazide medication class and acts by decreasing the kidneys' ability to retain water.
Medetomidine is a synthetic drug used as both a surgical anesthetic and analgesic.
Guanethidine is transported across the sympathetic nerve membrane by the same mechanism that transports norepinephrine itself, and uptake is essential for the drug's action.
It typically starts working after half an hour with maximum effect at two hours.
Neither drug is available in the United States.
5-(Nonyloxy)tryptamine is a tryptamine derivative which acts as a selective agonist at the 5-HT1B receptor.
cAMP is only able to elicit minimal responses in these situations.
It features both a high iodine content as well as several hydrophilic groups.
Levofloxacin was approved for medical use in the United States in 1996.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is 13.80 to 130.50 USD for a month.
The two serotonin receptors are G protein-coupled receptors and are two of the main excitatory serotonin receptor types.
Myriad Genetics announced on January 21, 2009 the acquisition of all rights to bevirimat for $7M USD.
Re-entry occurs when an impulse does not die after activating the heart but instead returns to the atria and causes re-excitation(16).
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
This suggests that substitution at both the 3 and 4 positions of the piperidine ring introduces steric hindrance which prevents μ-opioid affinity from increasing much further.
It is not recommended in people who have a history of anaphylaxis to penicillin.
It is used for sedation, anesthesia, muscle relaxation, and analgesia in animals such as horses, cattle and other non-human mammals.
It is or has been marketed under brand names including Dipiperon, Dipiperal, Piperonil, Piperonyl, and Propitan.
This is only now achieved by administration of daily primaquine for 14 days.
Naboctate is a synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonist, which has antiemetic, sedative, anxiolytic and anti-glaucoma properties.
The synthesis and characterization took place in the laboratory of Prof. Mechoulam at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in the late 1990s.
Methoxamine Hydrochloride is an α1-adrenergic receptor agonist, somewhat similar in structure to butaxamine and 2,5-DMA.
Zofenopril is a medication that protects the heart and helps reduce high blood pressure.
This drug was developed by ImClone Systems, since acquired by Eli Lilly, using phage display technology from Dyax.
After exposure vaccination is typically used along with rabies immunoglobulin.
It may also be used during pregnancy to prevent Group B streptococcal infection in the newborn.
It has improved lipid solubility relative to thiamine and is not rate-limited by dependency on intestinal transporters for absorption, hence the reasoning for its development.
It contains live vaccinia virus, cloned from the same strain used in an earlier vaccine, Dryvax.
It is supplied as a cream, powder, spray, and liquid aerosol.
It is marketed under the brand names Demadex, Diuver, and Examide.
A23187 is a mobile ion-carrier that forms stable complexes with divalent cations.
GBR-12909 binds to the target site on the dopamine transporter ~ 50 times more strongly than cocaine, but simultaneously inhibits the release of dopamine.
The corresponding E or cis isomer is AM-905.
As such, by definition, phenibut is a gabapentinoid.
It is useful for the prevention of seizures in those with absence seizures, partial seizures, and generalized seizures.
The generic is a combination of 385 mg of paracetamol and 25 mg of orphenadrine citrate.
Tetrahydrocannabinolic acid is a biosynthetic precursor of tetrahydrocannabinol, the active component of cannabis.
Unlike oxytocin, which is given via intravenous injection, demoxytocin is administered as a buccal tablet formulation.
Modern barbiturates has largely supplanted the use of hexobarbital as an anesthetic, as they allow for better control of the depth of anesthesia.
Ascomycin is produced by the fermentation of Streptomyces hygroscopicus.
Carprofen reduces inflammation by inhibition of COX-1 and COX-2; its specificity for COX-2 varies from species to species.
Common side effects include high blood pressure, swelling, heart failure, and low blood potassium.
It was developed by Roussel Uclaf and is registered for use only in France.
The certainty of the estimate is low.
Carfentanil was first synthesized in 1974 by a team of chemists at Janssen Pharmaceutica which included Paul Janssen.
It has been used as a lead compound to derive further analogues, although all compounds in this family are comparatively weak mu agonists.
It produces similar effects to other cannabinoid agonists such as analgesia, sedation, and anxiolysis.
The l-isomer showed weak analgesic action comparable to codeine and antitussive action far weaker than codeine.
It acts as a DNA intercalator and inhibits DNA polymerase.
The vaccine is only approved for use when an H1N1 influenza pandemic has been officially declared by the World Health Organization or European Union.
This drug was developed by GlaxoSmithKline under the identifier GSK 1223249.
Actoxumab and bezlotoxumab are fully human monoclonal antibodies which bind Clostridium difficile toxins A and B, respectively.
It is administered as a vaginal cream.
Common side effects include fever, headache, pain at the site of injection, and red blood cell breakdown.
Ipriflavone is a synthetic isoflavone which may be used to inhibit bone resorption, maintain bone density and to prevent osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.
Epoetin is manufactured and marketed by Amgen under the trade name Epogen.
The efficacy of cocaine analogs to elicit self-administration is related to the rate at which they are administered.
The latter use may be incorrectly assigned, as "Gevilon" has been used as a trade name for gemfibrozil, a well-known drug for dislypidemia.
Telbivudine impairs hepatitis B virus DNA replication by leading to chain termination.
Palbociclib is a drug for the treatment of ER-positive and HER2-negative breast cancer developed by Pfizer.
Brivanib alaninate also known as BMS-582664 is an investigational, anti-tumorigenic drug for oral administration.
Essentiale is a preparation of essential phospholipids.
It binds to RHD, the Rhesus factor antigen.
It was eventually found to be a broad-spectrum acting drug having antiviral, antifungal, antibacterial, anticancer, and antipsoriasis properties.
The drug is a synthetic peptide consisting of all 44 amino acids of human GHRH with the addition of a trans-3-hexenoic acid group.
Uncommon and rare side effects include muscle aches and pains, and headaches.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
When halogenated morphides and codides are used for research or industrial uses, they are often synthesised on-site.
Ferric subsulfate solution is also known as basic ferric sulfate solution or Monsel's solution.
Rimeporide is an experimental drug for the treatment of Duchenne muscular dystrophy, being developed by the EspeRare foundation.
Gadoversetamide is a gadolinium-based MRI contrast agent, particularly for imaging of the brain, spine and liver.
This led to it being found in eggs.
Pinazepam differs from other benzodiazepines in that it has a propargyl group at the N-1 position of the benzodiazepine structure.
Ondansetron was first used medically in 1990.
The name ropivacaine refers to both the racemate and the marketed S-enantiomer.
Belimumab is approved in the United States, Canada and Europe for treatment of SLE.
Here, hungry rats were given a drop of condensed milk only after pressing a lever two hundred times in response to a light signal.
Esomeprazole sold under the brand name Nexium among others, is a proton-pump inhibitor which reduces stomach acid.
E. coli strains resistant to ceftiofur have been reported.
These factors have led the U.S. DHHS not to recommend its use as part of initial therapy.
This is manufactured by Thorne BioScience LLC and was introduced to the USA market following the withdrawal of Ovuplant.
It is an analogue of UR-144 and XLR-11 where the pentyl chain has been replaced with fluorobenzyl.
Experiments of mice have shown antimutagenic and antiteratogenic properties.
Revospirone is an azapirone drug which was patented as a veterinary tranquilizer but was never marketed.
It is being developed by Portola Pharmaceuticals.
Issues related to absorption into the general circulation are also encountered.
Ibutilide is a Class III antiarrhythmic agent that is indicated for acute cardioconversion of atrial fibrillation and atrial flutter of a recent onset to sinus rhythm.
Etiocholanolone is produced from 5β-dihydrotestosterone, with 3α,5β-androstanediol as an intermediate.
High Ca2+ causes fatal metabolic consequences, including neuronal cell death.
WAY-200070 has also been found to produce antidiabetic effects in animals, and may also be beneficial for the treatment of certain inflammatory conditions.
Osimertinib is a third-generation epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor drug developed by AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals – for mutated EGFR cancers.
Both sapacitabine and its major metabolite, CNDAC, have demonstrated potent anti-tumor activity in both blood and solid tumors in preclinical studies.
It should not be used in people with Parkinson's disease.
Interferon alfa contains several naturally occurring IFN-α subtypes and is purified by affinity chromatography.
In addition to Southeast Asia, Rauwolfia species have also been found in tropical regions of India, Africa, South America, and some oceanic islands.
Lipiodol was first synthesized by Marcel Guerbet in the Paris School of Pharmacy in 1901.
As of 2015, the cost for a typical month of medication in the United States was more than $200.
More than 500 Alzheimer’s patients will participate in the multicenter phase III clinical trial designed to study the effectiveness of nilvadipine.
Binospirone is a drug which acts as a partial agonist at 5-HT1A somatodendritic autoreceptors but as an antagonist at postsynaptic 5-HT1A receptors.
Metaglycodol is a drug described as a tranquilizer which was never marketed.
Hydromadinone, also known as 6α-chloro-17α-hydroxyprogesterone, is a steroidal progestin of the 17α-hydroxyprogesterone group which was patented in 1967 but was never marketed.
However, it is one of the most effective schistosomicide drugs.
L-4-Chlorokynurenine is an orally active small molecule prodrug of 7-chlorokynurenic acid, a NMDA receptor antagonist.
It is a fragment of a monoclonal antibody specific to tumor necrosis factor alpha and is manufactured by UCB.
Aluminium acetotartrate is an organic acid, astringent, and disinfectant.
Common side effects include hair loss, bone marrow suppression, numbness, allergic reactions, muscle pains, and diarrhea.
It was developed in the 1970s as an antidepressant but was never commercialized.
Its antigonadotropic properties were discovered in 1951 and it entered clinical use shortly thereafter.
Candesartan  is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist used mainly for the treatment of hypertension.
Effects are greatest at about 4 minutes and last for up to an hour.
CRL-40,940 is a selective dopaminergic reuptake inhibitor, and is the bisfluoro analog of the wakefulness-promoting agent modafinil and has been sold online as a designer drug.
Botulinum toxin is a neurotoxic protein produced by the bacterium Clostridium botulinum and related species.
Onset with intravenous use is fast, while injection into a muscle can take 20 minutes, and by mouth can take an hour for effect.
Among them are Genentech's erlizumab, and two drugs developed by Protein Design Labs and Centocor.
Cefsulodin is a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic that is active against Pseudomonas aeruginosa and was discovered by Takeda Pharmaceutical Company in 1977.
It is selective for mGluR1 over other metabotropic glutamate receptors.
Mexazolam is metabolised via the CYP3A4 pathway.
The 2014 annual manufacturing quota was 11 grammes.
It is a Class III antiarrhythmic agent, whereas procainamide is a Class Ia antiarrhythmic drug.
Yellow fever vaccine came into use in 1938.
It acts as a potent, selective and orally active 5-HT6 receptor antagonist, with a Ki of 9.0nM.
The unsaturated benzofuran derivative 6-APB, or 6-(2-aminopropyl)benzofuran is also known, but the difference in pharmacological effects between 6-APB and 6-APDB is unclear.
Currently, dihydrocodeine and nicocodeine are used as second-line codeine replacements.
It is used to reverse the effects of super-potent opioid analgesics such as etorphine and carfentanil that are used for tranquilizing large animals.
However, H. M. Deutsch's discrimination ratio implies it to be more reinforcing than cocaine.
Importantly, unlike certain other MC4 receptor agonists, such as LY-2112688, setmelanotide has not been found to produce increases in heart rate or blood pressure.
OHPC is not active by mouth and must be administered by injection into muscle.
It is manufactured by Cristália Produtos Químicos e Farmacêuticos in Brazil and sold there under the brand-name Helleva.
Dioxaphetyl butyrate is an opioid analgesic which is a diphenylacetic acid derivative, related to other open-chain opioid drugs such as dextropropoxyphene, levacetylmethadol, lefetamine and dimenoxadol.
During long-term use, labetalol can reduce heart rate during exercise while maintaining cardiac output by an increase in stroke volume.
Dihydralazine is a drug with antihypertensive properties.
Xylazine is an analogue of clonidine and an agonist at the α2 class of adrenergic receptor.
This inhibitor is under development as an anti-leukemic drug.
Proguanil, also known as chlorguanide and chloroguanide, is a medication used to treat and prevent malaria.
It is active against worms and mites.
Enoblituzumab is a monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of cancer.
WIN 55,212-2 is a potent cannabinoid receptor agonist that has been found to be a potent analgesic in a rat model of neuropathic pain.
The Canadian Controlled Drugs and Substances Act was amended in 2016 to include the substance as a Schedule III substance.
AMG-41 is an analgesic drug which is a cannabinoid agonist.
Nifuroxazide is an oral nitrofuran antibiotic, patented since 1966 and used to treat colitis and diarrhoea in humans and non-humans.
Further pharmacological experiments in a [35S]GTPγS binding assay using hA3-CHO-cells indicated that PSB-10 acts as an inverse agonist.
Butorphanol is most closely structurally related to levorphanol.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 0.23 to 4.70 USD per dose.
Its third indication is to assess left ventricular function in patients thought to have heart disease.
Neither enantiomer has any significant effect on serotonin reuptake or release.
It is the thioamide derivative of diazepam.
Trandolapril is an ACE inhibitor used to treat high blood pressure, it may also be used to treat other conditions.
It is also used, along with other treatments, for acute coronary syndrome due to cocaine use.
In February 2012 the European Medicines Agency scientific committee reverted its previous standpoint regarding aprotinin, and has recommended that the suspension be lifted.
In drug discrimination tests on animals, it fully substituted for both DOM and 5-MeO-DMT.
It is available as a 0.1% ophthalmic solution.
Masoprocol is an antineoplastic drug used to treat skin growths caused by sun exposure.
It acts as a 5-HT1A and 5-HT1B receptor agonist.
Lisinopril is a drug of the angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor class used primarily in treatment of high blood pressure, heart failure, and after heart attacks.
Bendroflumethiazide has a role in the treatment of mild heart failure although loop diuretics are better for reducing overload.
Women who fall pregnant whilst on isotretinoin therapy are generally counselled to have a termination.
Rovelizumab was developed by Icos to treat patients suffering from haemorrhagic shock.
It is an ester of hydrocortisone with acetic acid and propionic acid.
Pivenfrine, also known as pivalylphenylephrine, is a sympathomimetic and mydriatic agent.
Flunixin is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug, analgesic, and antipyretic used in horses, cattle and pigs.
Because it is a penicillin, it also falls within the larger class of beta-lactam antibiotics.
Olcegepant is a calcitonin gene-related peptide receptor antagonist being studied as a potential treatment for migraines.
L-741,626 is a drug which acts as a potent and selective antagonist for the dopamine receptor D2.
It is manufactured by Solvay Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Physiotens.
As of June 2009, ten cases of PML were known.
Amoxicillin is available as a generic medication.
RU-58841 is a nonsteroidal antiandrogen which was previously investigated for use as a topical treatment for acne, androgenetic alopecia, and hirsutism.
Lapaquistat is a cholesterol-lowering drug candidate that was abandoned before being marketed.
Enoxaparin sodium, sold under the brand name Lovenox among others, is an anticoagulant medication.
It is available as a generic medication.
It had promising results in a phase II trial against placebo or tocilizumab for patients with moderate to severe RA.
January 2015: In a Phase 3 clinical trial for community-acquired bacterial pneumonia, Solithromycin administered orally demonstrated statistical non-inferiority to the fluoroquinolone, Moxifloxacin.
Learning and behavior studies in animal models using nifene have suggested a potential role of the nicotinic receptors located in distinct white matter tracts.
It is superior to the first available integrase inhibitor, raltegravir, in that it inhibits the HIV enzyme integrase 4 times longer.
Synthesized in 1904, it is not commonly used, but has activity similar to other opioids.
The drug completed phase I clinical trials for renal cell carcinoma, but development was discontinued in 2013.
There are two main mechanisms of action for seletracetam.
When used to treat syphilis a reaction known as Jarisch-Herxheimer may occur.
Early animal trials have also revealed that administration of zacopride can reduce preference for and consumption of ethanol.
Possibly of interest however is that nemifitide binds to several receptors including 5-HT2A, NPY1, bombesin, and MC4 and MC5, though at only micromolar concentrations.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
It is also used to treat eosinophilic esophagitis.
It is classed as sympathomimetic β2 agonist and asthma medication.
Etoposide was approved for medical use in the United States in 1983.
Doxofylline is a xanthine derivative drug used in the treatment of asthma.
It should not be taken with MAO inhibitors or the medication cisapride.
3-Hydroxyphenazepam is a benzodiazepine with hypnotic, sedative, anxiolytic, and anticonvulsant properties.
It is pregnancy category C in the United States meaning use should be based on benefits being predicted to be greater than risks.
It has six different stereoisomers which have varying properties.
Chemically, it is a substituted benzamide, closely related to metoclopramide.
Amiodarone was first made in 1961 and came into medical use in 1962 for chest pain believed to be related to the heart.
Dihydrotachysterol is a synthetic vitamin D analog activated in the liver that does not require renal hydroxylation like vitamin D2 and vitamin D3.
Mofebutazone is a drug used for joint and muscular pain.
Hexestrol has also been available and used in ester form, including as hexestrol diacetate, hexestrol dicaprylate, hexestrol diphosphate, and hexestrol dipropionate.
Other side effects include low blood pressure with standing, seizures, prolonged erection, high blood sugar, and neuroleptic malignant syndrome.
The sequence of these 17 amino acids is
In animal tests it stimulated gastrointestinal motility with 30 times the potency of cisapride, and with lower affinity for the hERG channel.
From a safety standpoint, bicalutamide is clinically preferred not only over nilutamide but also flutamide in choice of NSAA.
Several cases of negative reactions have been recorded for different drugs using Cremophor EL as solubilizer.
This is then followed by artificial synthesis of the isolated compound to confirm its chemical structure.
RTI(-4229)-150,-2β-Carbocyclobutoxy-3β-(4-methylphenyl)tropane) is a phenyltropane derivative which acts as a potent dopamine reuptake inhibitor and stimulant drug.
The immunoglobulin is prepared from the plasma of healthy donors with high titers of antibodies to VZV.
It has prominent antiemetic properties, and unlike the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, it was shown to have a negligible incidence of nausea and emesis.
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome and QT interval prolongation may occur.
Two clinical studies have shown it may improve glycemic control and decrease insulin resistance in people with poorly controlled type 2 diabetes.
If used for longer periods still, it may cause sometimes irreversible nerve damage including optic nerve damage.
Neostigmine is in the cholinergic family of medications.
In veterinary medicine, chlortetracycline is commonly used to treat conjunctivitis in cats.
Like many ACE inhibitors, this prodrug is converted to the active metabolite spiraprilat following oral administration.
Its toxicity stems from its ability to interact with nicotinic and muscarinic acetylcholine receptors.
Blonanserin is a relatively new atypical antipsychotic commercialized by Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma in Japan and Korea for the treatment of schizophrenia.
In 2000, argatroban was licensed by the Food and Drug Administration for prophylaxis or treatment of thrombosis in patients with heparin-induced thrombocytopenia.
The most popular of these is Gyno-Dermofix.
Frovatriptan is a triptan drug developed by Vernalis for the treatment of migraine headaches and for short term prevention of menstrual migraine.
In the acute treatment of migraine, it was found to have equal potency to rizatriptan and zolmitriptan in two Phase III clinical trials.
It is a μ-opioid receptor biased agonist developed by Trevena.
Common side effects include: feeling tired, diarrhea, and feeling restless.
It is chemically similar to the anticonvulsant gabapentin, with a hydroxyl group replacing the amine.
Common side effects include nausea, vomiting, dizziness, drowsiness, headache, double vision and trouble with walking.
It can be used as an antidote for strychnine poisoning.
It is very potent and has an extremely long duration of action, lasting at least one week with a single dose.
The US Food and Drug Administration has designated dupilumab a “breakthrough therapy” which is designed to speed promising new drugs to market.
Paracetamol is classified as a mild analgesic.
It is an analogue of estradiol with a 2,2,2-trichloroethoxy substitution.
The drug is chemically and clinically similar to amisulpride.
In Europe it is not recommended as a cough medicine in those under twelve years of age.
Lamivudine was first approved for use in the United States in 1995.
As of October 2015 its mechanism of action "remains to be fully determined".
It is used to determine areas of reversible ischemia and infarcted tissue in the heart.
L-type calcium channel expression increases in spastic vascular smooth muscle cells, which could result in excessive calcium influx, and hypercontraction.
Troparil is a phenyltropane-based dopamine reuptake inhibitor that is derived from methylecgonidine.
Thialbarbital is short acting and has less of a tendency to induce respiratory depression than other barbiturate derivatives such as pentobarbital.
Alglucosidase alfa is an enzyme replacement therapy orphan drug for treatment of Pompe disease, a rare lysosomal storage disorder.
Tuberculin, also known as purified protein derivative is a combination of proteins that are used in the diagnosis of tuberculosis.
It has similar effects to sedative-hypnotic benzodiazepine drugs, but is structurally distinct and so is classed as a nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic.
It has similar effects to benzodiazepine drugs, but is structurally distinct and so is classed as a nonbenzodiazepine anxiolytic.
It is used to combat the symptoms associated with allergies and is sometimes combined with other cold medications designed to provide general relief for flu-like symptoms.
It is on the WHO Model List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
It was introduced into medical use by surgeon Heinrich Braun.
It was first synthesized by Aaron P. Monte.
Side effects of fentanyl analogs are similar to those of fentanyl itself, which include itching, nausea and potentially serious respiratory depression, which can be life-threatening.
It is a member of the class of antiestrogens known as aromatase inhibitors.
Halopropane is a halocarbon drug which was investigated as an inhalational anesthetic but was never marketed.
It is taken either by mouth or by injection into a muscle.
HU-210 is 100 to 800 times more potent than natural THC from cannabis and has an extended duration of action.
Urate oxidase is known to be present in many mammals but does not naturally occur in humans.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Its paramagnetic property reduces the T1 relaxation time in NMR, which is the source of its clinical utility.
In August 2014, the United States FDA approved oritavancin for treatment of skin infections.
Because armodafinil has a longer half-life than modafinil does, it may be more effective at improving wakefulness in patients with excessive daytime sleepiness.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is between 0.05 and 2.10 USD per day as of 2014.
Propafenone is a class 1C anti-arrhythmic medication, which treats illnesses associated with rapid heart beats such as atrial and ventricular arrhythmias.
L-Norpseudoephedrine, or-norpseudoephedrine, is a psychostimulant drug of the amphetamine family.
There is the potential for electrolyte problems to occur as a result of diarrhea it produces.
LY-215,840 is an ergoline derivative drug developed by Eli Lilly, which acts as a potent and selective antagonist at the serotonin 5-HT2 and 5-HT7 receptors.
The prodrug candesartan cilexetil is marketed by AstraZeneca and Takeda Pharmaceuticals, commonly under the trade names Diceran,Blopress, Atacand, Amias, and Ratacand.
Few other natural compounds with such a peroxide bridge are known.
DPP has also been found to act as a dopamine reuptake inhibitor and produces hyperactivity in rodents.
Dimethazan is a stimulant drug of the xanthine class related to caffeine and theophylline.
It has been studied for the treatment of acute ischemic stroke, epilepsy, Huntington's disease, and Parkinson's disease.
Pentoxifylline or oxpentifylline is a xanthine derivative used as a drug to treat muscle pain in people with peripheral artery disease.
The average cost per patient in the U.S. was $8,447 in 2009.
This drug was developed by Bristol-Myers Squibb.
Onset of effects is about 2 hours and lasts for 5 days.
Tibolone is a 19-nortestosterone derivative and is related structurally to other 19-nortestosterone progestins.
It is the 4-dehydroxylated structural analog of diphenylprolinol, and is also similar in structure to desoxypipradrol, both of which act as norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitors.
Buparvaquone has been shown to have anti-leishmanial activity in vitro.
It should not be used by those who have a iodine allergy.
It works by decreasing the body's release of gonadotropins.
A large study sponsored by the manufacturer found that idarucizumab effectively reversed anticoagulation by dabigatran within minutes.
Epinastine is a second-generation antihistamine and mast cell stabilizer that is used in eye drops to treat allergic conjunctivitis.
Methapyrilene is an antihistamine and anticholinergic of the pyridine chemical class which was developed in the early 1950s.
Pain and redness may occur at the site of injection.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
It was used for the prevention of deep vein thrombosis, but was withdrawn from the US market in 2000.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 4.38 to 4.89 USD for a course of treatment.
It has also shown favorable Anti-diabetic medication property by reducing the fasting plasma glucose and HBA1c in diabetes patients.
U-69,593 is a drug which acts as a potent and selective κ1-opioid receptor agonist.
The d-isomer showed no such activity but caused seizures in rats.
Danaparoid is a heparinoid but considered to be a low molecular weight heparin by some sources.
Cartazolate was tested in human clinical trials and was found to be efficacious for anxiety but was never marketed.
It was being studied for cognitive and memory enhancement.
Aspirin given shortly after a heart attack decreases the risk of death.
In 2014 Cowen and Co predicted odanacatib will generate a billion US$ per year in sales by 2020.
The medication diphenoxylate works by slowing down the movement of the intestines.
By mouth, effects may take 40 minutes to begin.
It is also used to treat migraine headaches.
This shifts myocardial metabolism from fatty acid to glucose utilisation which results in increased ATP production for the same O2 consumption and consequently increases myocardial efficiency.
Suxamethonium chloride, also known as suxamethonium or succinylcholine, is a medication used to cause short-term paralysis as part of general anesthesia.
While it has been weakened, it is still live.
In April 2016 Roche announced that atezolizumab had been granted fast track status for lung cancer by the FDA.
Hexylcaine hydrochloride, also called cyclaine or osmocaine, is a short-acting local anesthetic.
It is also used to treat bacterial skin infections.
It was previously used to prevent malaria but due to high levels of resistance, this use is no longer recommended routinely.
It is sold under the name Dipentum.
The drug was launched in 2003, and is marketed in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
A-349,821 is a potent and selective histamine H3 receptor antagonist.
Teprotumumab is an experimental human monoclonal antibody developed by Genmab and Roche.
Toceranib is a receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor and is used in the treatment of canine mast cell tumor also called mastocytoma.
Those with a genetic deficiency in thiopurine S-methyltransferase are at higher risk of side effects.
Pipequaline is an anxiolytic drug that was never marketed.
Nelfinavir belongs to the class of drugs known as protease inhibitors and like other PIs is almost always used in combination with other antiretroviral drugs.
Iloperidone, also known as Fanapt, Fanapta, and previously known as Zomaril, is an atypical antipsychotic for the treatment of schizophrenia.
Encenicline is a selective partial agonist of the α7 nicotinic receptor, and is in phase III clinical trials for the treatment of cognitive impairment in schizophrenia.
Hydroxyzine is a first-generation antihistamine of the diphenylmethane and piperazine class.
Acepromazine is used primarily as a chemical restraint in hyperactive or fractious animals.
Ofloxacin is an antibiotic useful for the treatment of a number of bacterial infections.
Aztreonam is a monobactam antibiotic used primarily to treat infections caused by gram-negative bacteria.
Due to its distinctive mechanism of action, agomelatine is also studied for its effects on sleep regulation.
Quilizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of asthma.
It consists of dextran polymer chains cross-linked into a three-dimensional network.
Synthane is a halocarbon agent which was investigated as an inhalational anesthetic but was never marketed.
Cimoxatone is a reversible inhibitor of MAO-A.
Carboprost is a synthetic prostaglandin analogue of PGF2α with oxytocic properties.
It is used as a dietary supplement.
WAY-267464 is or was under investigation for the potential clinical treatment of anxiety disorders by Wyeth.
Additionally, it has been shown to potently inhibit the reuptake of serotonin and does not produce serotonergic neurotoxicity in rodents.
Norbinaltorphimine is an opioid antagonist used in scientific research.
Paracetamol is generally safe at recommended doses.
In the United States a course of treatment costs 100 to 200 USD.
It acted as a broad-spectrum matrix metalloproteinase inhibitor.
“...there are not any proctored studies that prove the utility of these drops.
Capreomycin is commonly grouped with the aminoglycoside family of medications.
It has been discussed as a possible option in the treatment of atrial fibrillation.
At 5 µM WIN 55,212-2 inhibit ATP production in sperm in a CB1 receptor-dependent fashion.
It is also used to treat ventricular tachycardia and to perform nerve blocks.
Barnidipine or mepirodipine is a calcium channel blocker.
Side effects of the medication include headache, nosebleeds, and inflammation of the nose and throat linings.
Paromomycin is in the aminoglycoside family of medications and causes bacterial death by stopping the making of protein.
It has sedative properties, and was used primarily as an anaesthetic in veterinary medicine.
It is the aluminium salt of acetic acid and tartaric acid.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Side effects are common and include loss of appetite, nausea, muscle pains, headache, and feeling tired.
ZK-93423 has also been used as a base to develop new and improved beta-carboline derivatives and help map the binding site of the GABAA receptor.
In hemophilia A and von Willebrand disease, it should only be used for mild to moderate cases.
SL-651,498 is an anxiolytic and anticonvulsant drug used in scientific research, with a chemical structure most closely related to β-carboline derivatives such as abecarnil and gedocarnil.
Methylisopropyllysergamide is an analogue of LSD that was originally discovered by Albert Hofmann at Sandoz during the original structure-activity research into LSD.
The medication works by preventing the harmful buildup of ammonia in the body.
It is somewhat selective for the CB2 subtype, with a Ki of 11.0nM at CB1 vs 7.1nM at CB2.
Often there is redness, swelling, and mild pain at the site of injection.
This amount in the United Kingdom costs the NHS about 66.85 pounds.
It is administered intravenously at the end of each dialysis session.
Sofosbuvir was discovered in 2007 and approved for medical use in the United States in 2013.
It was discovered by a team at Upjohn in the early 1960s.
Nicardipine also has a longer half-life than nifedipine.
The active ingredients in the mixture are usually alprostadil, papaverine, and phentolamine.
AS-19 is a substance which acts as a potent agonist at the 5HT7 receptor, with an IC50 of 0.83nM.
In an electroshock test it was found to have an ED50 of 310 mg/kg.
It acts as an immunomodulator and was awarded orphan drug status and fast track designation by the FDA.
MIF-1 is unusually resistant to metabolism in the bloodstream, and crosses the blood–brain barrier easily, though it is poorly active orally and is usually injected.
In its ophthalmic form, it is used to treat allergic conjunctivitis.
LM22A-4 is a synthetic, selective small-molecule partial agonist of TrkB, the main receptor of brain-derived neurotrophic factor.
The application area should normally not be covered after application.
It was originally developed by the National Institutes of Health, and, as of 2017, is in phase II clinical trials for the aforementioned indications.
It was approved for use in the United States by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on March 6, 2012.
It is an estrogen ester – specifically, the C3 normustine ester of estradiol – and acts as a prodrug to estradiol and normustine in the body.
It is available in oral and parenteral formulations.
Taliglucerase alfa, commercially known as Elelyso, is a biopharmaceutical drug developed by Protalix and Pfizer.
It was first synthesized in the United States circa 1947.
UWA-001 is structurally related to the diarylethylamines lefetamine and the dissociative anesthetic ephenidine, which acts as a NMDA receptor antagonist.
Thiocarlide has considerable antimycobacterial activity in vitro and is effective against multi-drug resistant strains of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
They are available both by themselves and in combination with other vaccines.
F-2 was first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin.
As a medication it is used in labor induction, bleeding after delivery, termination of pregnancy, and in newborn babies to keep the ductus arteriosus open.
There is some disagreement as to whether there were psychic changes observed.
G551D is characterized by a dysfunctional CFTR protein on the cell surface.
It underwent clinical trials for treatment of some types of breast cancer, but was discontinued after disappointing phase III clinical trials.
Recreational use of MT-45 has been associated with hearing loss and unconsciousness.
However, ravuconazole has limited activity against species of Fusarium, Scedosporium, and Zygomycetes.
Development was discontinued due to the observation of liver complications in rodent studies.
Pure difenoxin, in Schedule I, has a quota of 50 grammes, and an ACSCN of 9168.
JNJ-Q2 is a broad-spectrum fluoroquinolone antibacterial drug being developed for the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin-structure infections and community-acquired pneumonia.
Oxolinic acid is a quinolone antibiotic developed in Japan in the 1970s.
It is used for the treatment of type 2 diabetes that can be used once weekly.
They have a shorter half-life than atropine.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
However it may worsen side effects such as tardive dyskinesia in patients who are already prescribed antipsychotic drugs.
It is typically given by mouth but can also be used by injection.
Fenproporex is on the list of substances banned by the World Anti-Doping Agency, and any sportsperson testing positive for the substance faces a ban from competition.
It is also indicated in the US by the FDA for schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder.
Elevated blood pressure and muscle tremors are relatively common, while low blood pressure and a decrease in breathing are less so.
Benzhydrocodone itself is inactive and acts as a prodrug to hydrocodone upon cleavage of the benzoate portion of the molecule.
As a partial agonist it both reduces cravings for and decreases the pleasurable effects of cigarettes and other tobacco products.
In complicated UTI, the older gyrase-inhibitors such as cinoxacin are no longer indicated.
It works by blocking the bacteria's ability to make protein.
Redness and pain at the site of injection occur in between 25% and 85% of people.
Ethyl glucuronide is a metabolite of ethanol which is formed in the body by glucuronidation following exposure to ethanol, usually from drinking alcoholic beverages.
Another study found that in the threo-isomers of methylphenidate, the meta- and para-substituted compounds with electron-withdrawing substituents tended to have increased binding potency.
Serious risks include opioid abuse and a decreased effort to breathe.
Fentanyl is also used as a recreational drug, leading to thousands of overdose deaths from 2000 to 2017.
Typically, the sleep inducing properties of hypnotics occur within 0.5 hours.
A double-blind study reveals that ipriflavone might be effective on reducing tinnitus on otosclerosis sufferers.
This means it increases the concentrations of the neurotransmitters serotonin and norepinephrine in the body and the brain.
Androstadienol is synthesized from pregnenolone by the 16-ene-synthetase activity of CYP17A1, and is converted into androstadienone by 3β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase.
However, mid stage clinical trials failed to show sufficient efficacy to continue development as a pharmaceutical drug.
This then triggers the release of corticotropin, another hormone which is involved in the physiological response to stress.
It belongs to the antihelmintic class of medications.
In his book TiHKAL, Shulgin lists the dosage as 10-20 mg when taken orally, and the duration as 6-8 hours.
Pilsicainide is a drug used clinically in Japan to treat cardiac arrhythmias.
Hofmann discovered its psychedelic properties in 1943.
Nalidixic acid is effective primarily against gram-negative bacteria, with minor anti-gram-positive activity.
Sodium bicarbonate is in the alkalinizing family of medication.
Cyclopentamine is a sympathomimetic alkylamine, classified as a vasoconstrictor.
Phenformin was discovered in 1957 by Ungar, Freedman and Seymour Shapiro, working for the US Vitamin Corporation.
Pholcodine now largely replaces the previously more common codeine linctus, as it has a much lower potential for dependence.
Empagliflozin is a drug of the gliflozin class, approved for the treatment of type 2 diabetes in adults in 2014.
Pyridoxine is a precursor of coenzymes including pyridoxal 5’-phosphate, which accelerates the metabolic degradation of ethanol and prevents adenosine triphosphate inactivation by acetaldehyde.
It has anxiolytic and hypnotic and possibly other characteristic benzodiazepine properties.
It is marketed under the trade name Vimpat.
Ramoplanin is a glycolipodepsipeptide antibiotic drug derived from strain ATCC 33076 of Actinoplanes.
It has a similar tolerability profile to other SSRIs.
Notably, its effects on locomotion are biphasic, with low doses producing inhibition and catalepsy and high doses resulting in enhancement of activity.
This newly suggested structure was dubbed 'mutaprodenafil' because of the structural similarity with the mutagenic azathioprine.
It is available as by mouth as a tablet or powder.
It is in the third-generation cephalosporin family of medications and works by interfering with the bacteria's cell wall.
RCS-8, or 1-(2-cyclohexylethyl)-3-(2-methoxyphenylacetyl)indole, is a synthetic cannabinoid also known as SR-18 or BTM-8 that has been found as an ingredient of "herbal" synthetic cannabis blends.
It is also in a phase 2 trial for dementia with Lewy bodies.
In addition, ipamorelin stimulates body weight gain in animals.
A non immune type of anaphylaxis may also occur.
The 7,8-double bond in morphine is reduced to a single bond to get dihydromorphine.
Clortermine was developed by Ciba in the 1960s and is an anorectic drug of the amphetamine class.
This drug was developed by MedImmune, LLC.
As a medication it is used to treat acute lymphoblastic leukemia, acute myeloid leukemia, and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
The World Health Organization recommends all children be fully vaccinated against polio.
Collgard Biopharmaceuticals is developing halofuginone for the treatment of scleroderma and it has received orphan drug designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
Maprotiline is a medication that belongs to tetracyclic antidepressants, a specific group of antidepressants.
Budipine is an antiparkinson agent marketed for the treatment of Parkinson's disease.
60 mg of fosazepam has also been estimated to be equivalent to about 5–10 mg of diazepam.
In addition to being used to treat anxiety or panic states, bromazepam may be used as a premedicant prior to minor surgery.
Meanwhile, it inhibits renal tubules reabsorbing calcium, phosphorus and sodium and keeps blood calcium at normal level.
Feprazone is a drug used for joint and muscular pain.
The active metabolites, phenobarbital, p-hydroxyphenobarbital, and phenylethylmalonamide, are also anticonvulsants.
Allylnorpethidine is a 4-phenylpiperidine derivative that is related to the opioid analgesic drug pethidine.
It is marketed in creams under the trade names Halotex, Mycanden, Mycilan, and Polik.
It prevents the formation of new blood vessels that tumors need in order to grow, hence it is an angiogenesis inhibitor.
However, it does not appear to affect the risk of death or the frequency steroids are needed.
Adenosine is a purine nucleoside composed of a molecule of adenine attached to a ribose sugar molecule moiety via a β-N9-glycosidic bond.
As brilacidin is modelled after a defensin, it is also called a defensin mimetic.
Sotalol is a medication used to treat heart arrhythmias.
CJC-1295 has been shown to extend the half-life and bioavailability of growth-hormone-releasing hormone 1-29 and stimulate insulin-like growth factor 1 secretion.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
L-PGA is present in the diet and is produced endogenously by enzymatic conversion of gamma-glutamyl amino acids to L-PGA and free amino acids.
Rimantadine was approved for medical use in 1993.
It has relatively strong sedative effects, to the extent that its primary use was as a medication for insomnia rather than for its antihistamine action.
How they work is not specifically known.
It may also be used for acne and in addition to quinine for malaria.
Because of its mechanism of action, it is not useful in the treatment of acute asthma attacks.
It is being studied for a potential role in the treatment of left ventricular systolic heart failure.
When given concomitantly with opioid analgesics, naloxegol reduced constipation-related side effects, while maintaining comparable levels of analgesia.
Neratinib is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor anticancer drug.
It is a μ-opioid, δ-opioid, and nociceptin receptor full agonist, and a κ-opioid receptor partial agonist.
4-HTMPIPO is the product resulting from the electrophilic addition of water to the cyclopropane moiety of synthetic cannabinoid UR-144.
This compound, derived from benzodioxan, was prepared in the early 1930s by Daniel Bovet and Ernest Fourneau at the Pasteur Institute in France.
It is a white or yellow-white crystalline powder.
Serlopitant is a drug which acts as an NK1 receptor antagonist.
Testosterone is the primary male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid.
The compound is manufactured in the body via a mitochondrial enzyme, dihydroorotate dehydrogenase or a cytoplasmic enzyme of pyrimidine synthesis pathway.
It is used in veterinary medicine to reverse the effects of benzodiazepine sedative drugs in order to rapidly re-awaken anesthetized animals.
Methylestradiol is an active metabolite of the anabolic-androgenic steroids methyltestosterone and metandienone and is responsible for their estrogenic side effects such as gynecomastia and fluid retention.
It works by decreasing the amount of thyroid hormone produced by the thyroid gland and blocking the conversion of thyroxine to triiodothyronine.
Pirlindole is a reversible inhibitor of monoamine oxidase A which was developed and is used in Russia as an antidepressant.
It was introduced in Japan by Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma in 2001 for the treatment of schizophrenia and acute cases of bipolar mania.
Methocarbamol is a central muscle relaxant used to treat skeletal muscle spasms.
In addition to gout, colchicine is used to treat familial Mediterranean fever, pericarditis and Behçet's disease.
Iopromide is a molecule used as a contrast medium.
It is available as a generic medication.
Cangrelor is a P2Y12 inhibitor FDA approved as of June 2015 as an antiplatelet drug for intravenous application.
Conditions in which it is used include skin diseases, rheumatic disorders, allergies, asthma, croup, COPD, certain cancers, multiple sclerosis, and as add-on therapy for tuberculosis.
It is not recommended in those with significant liver disease or porphyria.
It has primarily anxiolytic and anticonvulsant effects, with sedative and muscle relaxant effects only appearing at higher doses.
The pherine is a positional isomer of the endogenous pheromone androstadienol.
It is related to chloroquine and mefloquine.
Quinupramine is a tricyclic antidepressant used in Europe for the treatment of depression.
Cixutumumab is a human monoclonal antibody for the treatment of solid tumors.
Nesiritide is the recombinant form of the 32 amino acid human B-type natriuretic peptide, which is normally produced by the ventricular myocardium.
Whereas metenolone enanthate is the form of metenolone used for intramuscular injection, metenolone acetate is the form used for oral administration.
It was invented in 1963 in the United Kingdom by Bayer but was not widely marketed, although it saw some limited clinical use, especially in dentistry.
Quazepam is unique amongst benzodiazepines in that it selectively targets the GABAA α1 subunit receptors which are responsible for inducing sleep.
25CN-NBOH is a compound indirectly derived from the phenethylamine series of hallucinogens, which was discovered in 2014 at the University of Copenhagen.
SNAP-94847 is a drug used in scientific research, which is a selective, non-peptide antagonist at the melanin concentrating hormone receptor MCH1.
BIMU-8 is a drug which acts as a 5-HT4 receptor selective agonist.
The cost in the United States is around 250 US dollars a year.
Nicomorphine was patented as Vilan by Lannacher Heilmittel G.m.b.H.
It was first synthesized in 1994 by a team at Purdue University led by David E. Nichols.
On October 1, 2008 Advanced Life Sciences submitted a New Drug Application to Food and Drug Administration for cethromycin to treat mild-to-moderate community acquired pneumonia.
The combination buprenorphine/naloxone is also used for opioid addiction.
Enoxolone is a pentacyclic triterpenoid derivative of the beta-amyrin type obtained from the hydrolysis of glycyrrhizic acid, which was obtained from the herb liquorice.
Anaesthetic machines are fitted with a specialized anaesthetic vaporiser unit that heats liquid desflurane to a constant temperature.
Fluphenazine, sold under the brand names Prolixin among others, is an antipsychotic medication.
If given to those who are not immune within five days of exposure to chickenpox it prevents most cases of disease.
Cyclazocine is a mixed opioid agonist/antagonist related to dezocine, pentazocine and phenazocine.
Fabomotizole has found little clinical use outside Russia and has not been evaluated by the FDA.
Pinaverium was first registered in 1975 by Solvay Pharmaceuticals, and marketed globally using the brand names Dicetel and Eldicet.
The most common side effects are abdominal or pelvic pain, bloating, as well as redness, pain or swelling at the injection site.
It is thought that the experimental medicines are affecting the lymphocyte adhesion pathway in humans in unintended ways.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 0.16 USD per day for the pills.
OIH was first labelled with 131I by Tubis and colleagues and for many years this was the only radiopharmaceutical for renography.
Romosozumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that targets sclerostin for the treatment of osteoporosis.
Common side effects in men include breast enlargement, breast tenderness, and hot flashes.
This drug was developed by Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson.
It was in phase II clinical trials in 2008 but appears to have been discontinued as it is no longer in the company's development pipeline.
Rabeprazole is an antiulcer drug in the class of proton pump inhibitors.
Desoxy-D2PM has two enantiomers which are used industrially in their purified form as chiral derivatizing agents during chemical synthesis.
Those with two copies of the UGT1A1*28 gene variant are at higher risk for side effects.
In 1853, chemist Charles Frédéric Gerhardt treated sodium salicylate with acetyl chloride to produce acetylsalicylic acid for the first time.
It exerts its action through binding to and activation of the androgen receptor.
Mitumomab attacks tumour cells, while the vaccine is thought to activate the immune system.
It binds to and inhibits the functional activity of α5β1 integrin.
Tadalafil is also manufactured and sold under the name of Tadacip by the Indian pharmaceutical company Cipla in doses of 10 mg and 20 mg.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Large doses may be required to treat some poisonings.
It mainly impacts the central nervous system, causing seizures and respiratory paralysis in high enough doses.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 2.70 to 7.32 USD a month.
CD28 is the co-receptor for the T cell receptor; It binds to receptors on the interacting partner in the reaction through one of its ligands.
Benidipine, also known as Benidipinum or benidipine hydrochloride, is a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker for the treatment of high blood pressure.
It may also be used for nausea after general anaesthesia or that which developed from opioid use.
Two different strengths of the gel are approved for use on either the face and scalp or the trunk and extremities, respectively.
Halofantrine's structure contains a substituted phenanthrene, and is related to the antimalarial drugs quinine and lumefantrine.
The FDA approved the TAF-based treatment regimen for treatment of HIV-1 in November 2015.
Common side effects with the pills include feeling tired, vomiting, and joint pains.
Glatiramer acetate is approved by the Food and Drug Administration for reducing the frequency of relapses, but not for reducing the progression of disability.
It has typically been used human and animal use as a standard treatment for intestinal worms.
The oral polio vaccine was developed by Albert Sabin and came into commercial use in 1961.
Use during pregnancy may result in harm to the baby.
Moxetumomab pasudotox is currently being developed by the biologics division of AstraZeneca, MedImmune.
The combination drug was approved by the FDA in July 2015.
WIN 55,212-2 is a full agonist at the CB1 cannabinoid receptor and has much higher affinity than THC for this receptor.
WB-4101 is a compound which acts as an antagonist at the α1B-adrenergic receptor.
2-Methyl-5-hydroxytryptamine is a tryptamine derivative closely related to the neurotransmitter serotonin which acts as a moderately selective full agonist at the 5-HT3 receptor.
β-Melanocyte-stimulating hormone is an endogenous peptide hormone and neuropeptide.
Minor side effects may occur at the site of injection.
The wholesale price in the developing world is about 6.60 USD for a 200 dose inhaler.
It was sold under the brand name Amevive in Canada, the United States, Israel, Switzerland and Australia.
It has a higher potency both in vivo and in vitro systems, and longer duration of action in vivo.
CBN is formed by decarboxylation of CBNA.
Rifapentine is in the rifamycin family of medication and works by blocking DNA-dependent RNA polymerase.
AMPT inhibits tyrosine hydroxylase whose enzymatic activity is regulated through the phosphorylation of different serine residue regulatory domain sites.
It is not available commercially in Canada or the United States.
LY-235,959 is a competitive antagonist at the NMDA receptor.
Usually it works in one to three days.
In his book PiHKAL, Shulgin listed the dosage range as 100–160 mg, and the duration as approximately 4–8 hours.
It is a treatment for allergies in dogs.
Common side effects when used by mouth include itchiness and rash.
This drug is currently used clinically for the treatment of migraines, while also being used experimentally for the treatment of glaucoma and optic nerve injury.
The drug was originally synthesized by the fertility control program at Upjohn as a postcoital contraceptive, but was subsequently repurposed for the treatment of breast cancer.
In light of its only recently discovered dopaminergic activity, conclusions drawn from studies that employed WAY-100635 as a selective 5-HT1A antagonist may need to be re-evaluated.
Atorolimumab is an immunosuppressive drug directed against the Rhesus factor.
SB-216641 is a drug which is a selective antagonist for the serotonin receptor 5-HT1B, with around 25x selectivity over the closely related 5-HT1D receptor.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 0.35 to 1.78 USD for a course of treatment.
It belongs to the family of drugs called antitumor antibiotics.
Pain begins to improve in the first week for most people and the effects can last several months.
Treosulfan is a substance that is being studied in the treatment of cancer.
It was discovered by Ionis Pharmaceuticals and as of 2017 was under development by Atlantic Healthcare for pouchitis in an enema formulation.
It is not recommended for tardive dyskinesias.
Allopurinol was approved for medical use in the United States in 1966.
Diphenidol is a muscarinic antagonist employed as an antiemetic and as an antivertigo agent.
Common side effects include sleepiness, blurred vision, dilated pupils, and dry mouth.
It is highly selective for the CB2 receptor subtype, with a selectivity of over 5000x for CB2 vs CB1.
It has often been confused with methylphenobarbital because both drugs contain a methylphenyl moiety and are overall very similar in structure.
Tacholiquin® is an expectorant designated for inhalation and instillation reaching the upper and lower airways.
In 2014, Abraxane's sales were $848 million, 31 percent year-over-year increase.
Bacitracin is a mixture of related cyclic peptides produced by organisms of the licheniformis group of Bacillus subtilis var Tracy, first isolated in 1945.
Methylcobalamin is a cobalamin, a form of vitamin B12.
It also has been investigated for use in the treatment of congestive heart failure.
Mecillinam or amdinocillin is an extended-spectrum penicillin antibiotic that binds specifically to penicillin binding protein 2, and is only considered to be active against Gram-negative bacteria.
Pexelizumab is a drug designed to reduce side effects of coronary artery bypass grafting and angioplasty, among other types of cardiac surgery.
It is a formaldehyde releasing antimicrobial polymer.
In studies of the drug, the most common side effects were vomiting, lack of energy, diarrhea, and weight loss.
Nicodicodeine is a similar drug which is to nicocodeine as codeine is to dihydrocodeine.
Pneumococcal vaccines are vaccines against the bacteria Streptococcus pneumoniae.
The extended-release injections cost about $1,248.50 per month.
It is classified as a noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant and was first marketed in 1979.
Norfloxacin is associated with a number of rare serious adverse reactions as well as spontaneous tendon ruptures and irreversible peripheral neuropathy.
Clonazolam is a benzodiazepine that has been sold online as a designer drug.
EGIS-7625 is a selective and competitive 5-HT2B receptor antagonist.
The rest would only be illegal in countries such as the USA, Australia and New Zealand that have laws equivalent to the Federal Analog Act.
Bremelanotide is a peptide melanocortin receptor agonist which is under development by Palatin Technologies as a treatment for female sexual dysfunction.
Acenocoumarol is an anticoagulant that functions as a vitamin K antagonist.
It was effective in animal models of Parkinson's disease, but was unsuccessful in human trials.
As a medicine, it is used for the treatment of insomnia; however, scientific evidence is insufficient to demonstrate a benefit in this area.
Another study conducted by Pfizer found a therapeutically relevant effect in animal models of depression.
Through oral administration, fimasartan blocks angiotensin II receptor type 1, reducing pro-hypertensive actions of angiotensin II, such as systemic vasoconstriction and water retention by the kidneys.
Pilot human clinical trials in the early 1960s showed that HA-966 appeared to benefit patients with tremors of extrapyramidal origin.
It is in a class of drugs known as podophyllotoxin derivatives and slows the growth of cancer cells in the body.
Cefacetrile is marketed under the trade names Celospor, Celtol, and Cristacef, and as Vetimast for the treatment of mammary infections in lactating cows.
The compound was primarily researched in the treatment of depression and anxiety but its development was dropped before it was brought to market.
Through these mechanisms it can assist some patients to quit smoking.
High blood lactic acid level is a concern if the drug is prescribed inappropriately and in overly large doses.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Propylhexedrine is a moderate stimulant drug that is used medicinally as a nasal decongestant and recreationally for its psychostimulant effects.
Abciximab is made from the Fab fragments of an immunoglobulin that targets the glycoprotein IIb/IIIa receptor on the platelet membrane.
Doses of 25 mg were found safe and well tolerated for 52 weeks.
Human chorionic gonadotropin is a hormone produced by the placenta after implantation.
It has potent analgesic and antidepressant effects in animal studies.
It is around 3-10x more potent than cocaine and lasts around 7 times longer based on animal studies.
2,5-Dimethoxy-4-isopropylamphetamine is a psychedelic drug of the phenethylamine and amphetamine chemical classes.
Carindacillin, also known as Carbenicillin indanyl is a penicillin antibiotic.
Unlike most cannabinoids discovered to date, it is highly water-soluble, which gives it considerable advantages over many related drugs.
Iclazepam is a drug which is a benzodiazepine derivative.
It is given by mouth and used as a single dose.
It is available in combination with clioquinol, under the trade name Locacorten-Vioform, for the treatment of otitis externa and otomycosis.
No development has been reported since 2010.
Trefentanil is an opioid analgesic that is an analogue of fentanyl and was developed in 1992.
While 86 alkaloids have been discovered throughout Rauvolfia vomitoria, ajmaline is mainly isolated from the stem bark and roots of the plant.
It does not have any effect on dopamine receptors or muscarinic receptors.
Alfentanil was discovered at Janssen Pharmaceutica in 1976.
The opposite enantiomer, D-theanine, is only found in some supplements.
HZ-2 is a drug which acts as a highly selective κ-opioid agonist.
Serious side effects include serotonin syndrome, mania, seizures, an increased risk of suicidal behavior in people under 25 years old, and an increased risk of bleeding.
The product has been reintroduced for patients who have contraindications, or have not responded to other treatments for angina.
Antidiarrheal and antinociceptive effects were also seen in mouse models of pain.
It was developed by MedImmune, and trialed for use in glioblastoma and non-small cell lung cancer.
Noretynodrel, unlike most progestins but similarly to etynodiol diacetate, has some estrogenic activity.
Ergocristine is an ergopeptine and one of the ergot alkaloids.
These studies showed that 4-methylamphetamine is much more potent at elevating serotonin relative to dopamine.
Muscle relaxation caused by terodiline, is probably due to its anticholinergic and calcium antagonist activity.
Therefore, it is only effective in cancers with mutated and overactive EGFR.
Relative to spironolactone, it has markedly reduced antiandrogen activity.
In 1985 the patent ended, and there are now more than 500 brands available on the market.
Amlexanox is an anti-inflammatory antiallergic immunomodulator used to treat recurrent aphthous ulcers, and several inflammatory conditions.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
In various countries it could be purchased for about US$0.16 per 15 ml of syrup in 2015.
Linked to the chelating agent DTPA and labelled with Indium-111, it was used for imaging of the cancer.
Tetrahydrocannabinol-C4, also known as THC-C4 and butyl-THC, is a homologue of tetrahydrocannabinol, the active component of cannabis.
As a 5-HT2A receptor agonist, 5-chloro-αMT very likely possesses the capacity for psychedelic effects.
It reduces uric acid production through inhibiting an early stage in its production.
It is used for the treatment of oedema and hypertension.
Serious side effects include an increased risk of infection, cataracts, Cushing’s syndrome, and severe allergic reactions.
No safety issues have been observed with CEP, and side effects are very rarely reported.
It has bronchodilator and antiinflammatory effects, acting as a PDE4 inhibitor and calcium channel blocker, and is used medically as an antitussive in some countries.
In the United States it costs about 18.71 USD.
Dexanabinol is a synthetic cannabinoid derivative in development by e-Therapeutics plc.
Some doctors criticize its cost and its promotional marketing.
It is in the anthelmintic family of medications.
Volinanserin is a highly selective 5-HT2A receptor antagonist that is frequently used in scientific research to investigate the function of the 5-HT2A receptor.
It is similar to nocaine in chemical structure, and has two and a half times more activity than cocaine as a dopamine reuptake inhibitor.
It is marketed in Europe but is not available in the United States.
Lofentanil can be described as 3-methylcarfentanil, or 3-methyl-4-carbomethoxyfentanyl.
Other side effects include perianal irritation and high blood uric acid.
Selank is a nootropic, anxiolytic peptide based drug developed by the Institute of Molecular Genetics of the Russian Academy of Sciences.
It is administered with ritonavir in combination therapy to treat HIV infection.
Lincomycin is a lincosamide antibiotic that comes from the actinomycete Streptomyces lincolnensis.
Ketocaine is an amino ether local anesthetic of the butyrophenone family used topically for pain relief which is marketed in Italy.
Common side effects include diarrhea, nausea, abdominal pain, headache, and rash.
It is often used for this purpose in gastroenteritis, inflammatory bowel disease, and short bowel syndrome.
It has anorectic effects in both animal studies and human trials, along with "Pro-Cognitive Properties", although it has never been developed for medical use.
It has also been studied for use in allergic asthma.
For the same reason, alvimopan has no analgesic properties at therapeutic doses.
It is marketed in Canada under the trade name Ulone, but is not available currently in the United States.
Tymazoline is a nasal decongestant that can be used to treat rhinitis.
Aclidinium is delivered via a multidose dry powder inhaler, the Genuair inhaler.
Aspirin may also decrease the risk of certain types of cancer, particularly colorectal cancer.
Midazolam first came into use in 1976.
It can be used in people of all ages and in people with liver disease or poor kidney function.
Naloxone or naltrexone is the preferred human opioid receptor antagonist.
The antibody itself, satumomab, is linked to pendetide, a derivative of DTPA.
Acebrochol, also known as cholesteryl acetate dibromide or 5α,6β-dibromocholestan-3β-ol acetate, is a neuroactive steroid which was described as a sedative and hypnotic but was never marketed.
MMB-2201 is a potent indole-3-carboxamide based synthetic cannabinoid, which has been sold as a designer drug and as an active ingredient in synthetic cannabis blends.
Ribavirin, also known as tribavirin, is an anti-viral medication used to treat RSV infection, hepatitis C, and viral hemorrhagic fever.
It is the predominant flavanone in grapefruit, and is found in a variety of fruits and herbs.
It causes skin to turn darker by causing the skin to make more melanin.
It is used in the treatment of hypertension.
Pharmacological research has focused on its potential antipsychotic and anxiolytic effects.
A phase II activity trial of the drug in the treatment of adults with intermittent explosive disorder is ongoing.
Lenalidomide is a derivative of thalidomide introduced in 2004.
Phenadoxone is not used at this time for purposes other than pain relief.
Phenacemide was introduced in 1949 for the treatment of epilepsy, but was eventually withdrawn due to toxicity.
It also exhibits inhibitory activity against the effects of free radicals produced by cigarette smoke.
It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991.
It is the C14α,17α cyclic ketal of 14α,17α-dihydroxyprogesterone.
It was previously marketed for human use under the brand name Metebanyl, although it is now no longer used in medicine.
The intramuscular form, on the other hand, is the mesylate salt, ziprasidone mesylate trihydrate, and is provided as a lyophilized powder.
The replacement of both the N-methyl groups with N-allyl moieties yielded N,N-diallyl-bis-nortoxiferine, now recognized as alcuornium.
Patients should not drive or use machinery after taking triclofos.
Tedisamil blocks multiple types of potassium channels in the heart resulting in slowed heart rate.
In the past, dihydrocodeine suppositories were used.
The World Health Organization classifies lindane as "moderately hazardous", and its international trade is restricted and regulated under the Rotterdam Convention on Prior Informed Consent.
Tetanus vaccine, also known as tetanus toxoid, is an inactive vaccine used to prevent tetanus.
MMDA is a psychedelic and entactogen drug of the amphetamine class.
Boots initiated a clinical trial called PROFILE to see if the drug could be useful in a wider population.
Anagrelide controlled release is in phase III clinical trials by Galena Biopharma for the treatment of ET.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
It is used for the relief of various skin conditions, including rashes.
Gevokizumab binds strongly to interleukin-1 beta, a pro-inflammatory cytokine, and modulates the cellular signaling events that produce inflammation.
As of March 2014, filorexant has completed phase II clinical trials.
The wholesale price in the developing world is about 0.07 to 0.23 USD per day.
CBG does not trigger THC-like activity in mice, rats, gerbils and non-human primates, consistent with it being non-intoxicating.
Along with tranylcypromine and isocarboxazid, phenelzine is one of the few non-selective and irreversible MAOIs still in widespread clinical use.
Symptoms of bronchospasm include shortness of breath, wheezing, coughing and chest tightness.
It is available as a cream or solution to treat skin infections such as athlete's foot, ringworm, jock itch, and sun fungus.
Chlormadinone is a steroidal progestin which was never marketed.
Clavulanic acid is an example of a clavam.
In 2013 LSZ also appeared on some designer drug and research chemical markets in the UK.
It is available as a generic medication.
It decreases vascular resistance and increases arterial blood flow in the brain, improving the utilization of oxygen and glucose by brain cells.
It is most commonly available as the hydrochloride salt, clenbuterol hydrochloride.
It is chemically related to chlorpromazine, but has negligible antipsychotic activity and produces few extrapyramidal side effects.
Probenecid, also sold under the brandname Probalan, is a medication that increases uric acid excretion in the urine.
Sorafenib, is a kinase inhibitor drug approved for the treatment of primary kidney cancer, advanced primary liver cancer, and radioactive iodine resistant advanced thyroid carcinoma.
Anisodine, also known as daturamine and α-hydroxyscopolamine, is an antispasmodic and anticholinergic drug used in the treatment of acute circulatory shock in China.
It was listed under Schedule I in 1971, but reclassified to Schedule II in 1991 following a recommendation from the WHO.
Metabolites and radioactive isotope-labeled derivatives of JNJ-26990990 have also been prepared to support its development.
Hycanthone is the schistosomicide approved by the FDA in 1975.
The structure for piclamilast was first elucidated in a 1995 European patent application.
In the United States it is between US$25 and US$100.
It is structurally related to clomifene and diethylstilbestrol.
Lumiliximab is an IgG1k monoclonal antibody that targets CD23.
In combination with anti-PD-1 nivolumab it has undergone a phase 1/2 trial for advanced refractory solid tumours.
It was first reported by the EMCDDA as part of a seizure of 149 grams of white powder in Sweden in April 2015.
Those cancers have estrogen receptors, and are called ER-positive.
Enfuvirtide therapy costs an estimated US$25,000 per year in the United States.
Maropitant, used as maropitant citrate, is a neurokinin receptor antagonist, which was developed by Zoetis specifically for the treatment of motion sickness and vomiting in dogs.
This includes candidiasis, blastomycosis, coccidiodomycosis, cryptococcosis, histoplasmosis, dermatophytosis, and pityriasis versicolor.
L-DOPA is an amino acid that is made and used as part of the normal biology of humans, some animals and plants.
As it has low cardiac toxicity, it is commonly used for intravenous regional anaesthesia.
Like sildenafil and vardenafil, tadalafil is recommended as an 'as needed' medication.
The selective nature of the drug makes it preferable to other stress agents such as adenosine, which are less selective and therefore cause more side-effects.
Oxiracetam is a nootropic drug of the racetam family and very mild stimulant.
Researchers are starting to gather research evidence in order to inform policy development on the presence of this and other veterinary medicines in the wider environment.
The other methadols have at least four optical isomers.
It is unclear if use during pregnancy is safe.
While the Dryvax virus was cultured in the skin of calves and freeze-dried, ACAM2000s virus is cultured in kidney epithelial cells from an African green monkey.
Due to its structural similarities to carbamazepine there is approximately a 25–30% chance of cross-reactivity between the two medications.
It works in part by blocking the function of topoisomerase II.
Ritonavir first came into use in 1996.
Nilvadipine was tested in clinical trial as a possible treatment for Alzheimer's Disease in Ireland by the Roskamp Institute, Florida, USA and Trinity College, Ireland.
The sofosbuvir/ledipasvir coformulation is being tested with and without ribavirin.
Etanautine, also known as diphenhydramine monoacefyllinate, is an anticholinergic used as an antiparkinsonian agent.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Dacetuzumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody being developed for the treatment of CD40-positive cancers like non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and hematological malignancies.
Methyllycaconitine is a diterpenoid alkaloid found in many species of Delphinium.
GHB has been used in a medical setting as a general anesthetic and as a treatment for cataplexy, narcolepsy, and alcoholism.
Tinidazole is an anti-parasitic drug used against protozoan infections.
Abraxane was developed by VivoRx which became Abraxis BioScience as the first in its class of drugs to use the nanoparticle albumin bound technology platform.
Clinical trials have shown it to be significantly more effective than lamivudine or adefovir, and less likely to cause resistance.
Common side effects include shakiness, anxiety, and sweating.
In humans, the nitrate action of nicorandil dilates the large coronary arteries at low plasma concentrations.
It may be okay in breastfeeding when the baby is known not to have G6PD deficiency.
Although not indicated, they are commonly used to treat migraines and other pain related ailments.
It should not be confused with Benadryl Once a Day which has cetirizine as the active ingredient and is also sold by McNeil in the UK.
If injected, the naloxone precipitates opioid withdrawal symptoms and blocks the effect of the medication.
Ciclafrine is a sympathomimetic phenethylamine and antihypertensive which does not appear to have ever been marketed.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 17.24 to 170.40 USD per 250 ml bottle.
The stolen vials were identified as lots XZF0036, XZF0037, and XZF0038.
So far it is only approved in the EU and a few other countries for use on dogs.
Rifampicin is made by the soil bacterium Amycolatopsis rifamycinica.
It is available as a generic medication.
It is commonly used in radiographic studies such as intravenous urograms, brain computer tomography and CT pulmonary angiograms.
Side effects are similar to those of other opiates and include itching, nausea and respiratory depression.
Cetacaine is produced by the company Cetylite Industries, Inc. and they provide Cetacaine in three methods: liquid, gel, and spray.
The 9-methoxy derivative AM-1710 has similar CB2 affinity but only 54x selectivity over CB1.
Phase 3 trials for the hay fever indication outside of the US are ongoing.
It is a derivative of Δ8THC substituted with a cyclopentane group on the 3-position side chain.
Cinoxacin was an older synthetic antimicrobial related to the quinolone class of antibiotics with activity similar to oxolinic acid and nalidixic acid.
Phase III development in relapsed follicular lymphoma patients is underway.
It is not approved for any medical use but is legally available as a research chemical.
Emylcamate also has a faster intra-parenteral onset then meprobabamate, 3 minutes compared with 35.
CGS-20625 is an anxiolytic drug used in scientific research.
It is thought to act as an agonist for the 5-HT1A and 5-HT2 family of serotonin receptors.
Relative to GABA, GABOB has more potent inhibitory effects on the central nervous system, perhaps due to its greater capacity to cross the blood-brain-barrier.
It weakens the adhesion between the Sertoli cell and maturing sperm leading to a sloughing and loss of the latter.
Whether B3G acts as an agonist or antagonist of each of the former three respective sites has yet to be determined.
According to the Wall Street Journal in January 2016 ibrutinib, a specialty drug, cost US$116,600 to $155,400 a year wholesale in the United States.
Its radiolabelled derivative iodocyanopindolol has been widely used in mapping the distribution of beta adrenoreceptors in the body.
While dextromethamphetamine is a more potent drug, racemic methamphetamine is sometimes illicitly produced due to the relative ease of synthesis and limited availability of chemical precursors.
However, the consumption of carbohydrates and/or dietary fats, around the administration window of GH secretagogues significantly blunts the GH release.
Racemorphan, or morphanol, is the racemic mixture of the two stereoisomers of 17-methylmorphinan-3-ol, each with differing pharmacology and effects:
In rats 5′-hydroxypagoclone was identified as a major metabolite.
Clinical trials for Carlumab include studies of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, castration-resistant metastatic prostate cancer and solid tumors.
One such cream is sold under the brand name Flucort-N and includes the antibiotic neomycin.
In the US it costs about 300-400 USD per month.
In February 2017 it received US FDA approval to treat moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in people who have not improved with other treatments.
Topiroxostat is a xanthine oxidase inhibitor which reduces serum urate levels.
It is often used when viewing intracranial lesions with abnormal vascularity or abnormalities in the blood–brain barrier.
5-MeO-MALT is a lesser-known psychedelic drug that is closely related to 5-MeO-DALT and has been sold online as a designer drug.
Iontocaine was approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration on 21 December 1995.
It was also found in combination with 4-MePPP being sold as "NRG-3".
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Imipraminoxide is both an analogue and a metabolite of imipramine, and has similar effects.
Azosemide is a high-ceiling loop diuretic agent that was brought to market in 1981 by Boehringer Mannheim.
Vecuronium was approved for medical use in the United States in 1984.
α-PVT was first identified in Japan in 2013.
In June 2010, Daxas was approved in the EU for severe COPD associated with chronic bronchitis.
In those with liver disease, it may still be used, but in lower doses.
BNI and norbinaltorphimine were the first highly selective KOR antagonists to be discovered.
Cannabicyclohexanol-CP 47,497) is a cannabinoid receptor agonist drug, developed by Pfizer in 1979.
CA4P is also known as Fosbretabulin Tromethamine.
Cyanopindolol is a drug related to pindolol which acts as both a β1 adrenoceptor antagonist and a 5-HT1A receptor antagonist.
It was originally introduced by Bayer in 1963 but anaphylactic reactions caused it to be withdrawn shortly afterwards.
Pemirolast is a mast cell stabilizer used as an anti-allergic drug therapy.
Nikethamide is a stimulant which mainly affects the respiratory cycle.
Cycloserine, sold under the brand name Seromycin, is an antibiotic used to treat tuberculosis.
It should not be used with birth control pills that contain ethinylestradiol.
It has also been shown to induce cell differentiation and be used as a possible treatment for neoplastic diseases.
It is not recommended in those with a history of penicillin allergy or procaine allergy.
Suxamethonium was described as early as 1906 and came into medical use in 1951.
Sodium thiopental, also known as Sodium Pentothal, thiopental, thiopentone, or Trapanal, is a rapid-onset short-acting barbiturate general anesthetic that is an analogue of thiobarbital.
It was first approved in 2012 and as of 2016 its optimal role in the treatment of epilepsy relative to other drugs was not clear.
HDMP-28 also has high affinity to SERT, and so behaves as a triple reuptake inhibitor.
Mu opioid agonism is associated with euphoria, while kappa opioid agonism is associated with dysphoria and psychotomimetic hallucinations.
Azidamfenicol is an amphenicol antibiotic, which has similar profile to chloramphenicol.
and was available by prescription in tablet form until 2005 when the FDA requested that Pfizer withdraw Bextra from the American market.
The dose range in dogs is 5–10 mg/kg body weight, administered orally, once a day.
α-Pyrrolidinopentiothiophenone is a synthetic stimulant of the cathinone class that has been sold online as a designer drug.
In the United States treatment costs about 50 to 100 USD per month.
It was discovered by, and named after, Dr. John W. Huffman.
Nisoldipine is a calcium channel blocker of the dihydropyridine class.
Dextrorphan is a psychoactive drug of the morphinan chemical class which acts as an antitussive or cough suppressant and dissociative hallucinogen.
However, the trials were halted, after it became apparent that ZD6126 was too cardiotoxic at the required doses.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 0.01 USD per dose as of 2014.
Ulimorelin is a drug with a modified cyclic peptide structure which acts as a selective agonist of the ghrelin/growth hormone secretagogue receptor.
It is a member of the ethanolamine class of antihistaminergic agents and an anticholinergic.
Dexrazoxane is a sterile, pyrogen-free lyophilizate intended for intravenous administration.
It is pregnancy category C and is excreted somewhat in breast milk.
Deferiprone is a drug that chelates iron and is used to treat iron overload in thalassaemia major.
It acts as a selective antagonist for the α2B adrenergic receptor, and has been useful for distinguishing the actions of the different α2 adrenergic subtypes.
It occurs naturally in the Calabar bean and the Manchineel tree.
APICA-1-pentyl-1H-indole-3-carboxamide) is an indole based drug that acts as a potent agonist for the cannabinoid receptors.
The findings also led to the virtual disappearance of most 17α-hydroxyprogesterone derivatives as hormonal contraceptives from the market.
Meclinertant is a drug which acts as a selective, non-peptide antagonist at the neurotensin receptor NTS1, and was the first non-peptide antagonist developed for this receptor.
Other side effects include an irregular heartbeat.
BioSpecifics Technologies developed the preparation, which is manufactured and marketed by Auxilium Pharmaceuticals as Xiaflex in the US and by Sobi as Xiapex in Europe.
Levorphanol, brand name Levo-Dromoran, is an opioid medication used to treat moderate to severe pain.
Common side effect include low blood cell counts and vomiting.
It binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor with high affinity.
The main antidote for methotrexate overdoses prior to the approval of this drug were high doses of folinic acid.
It was subsequently removed from the Canadian market in 1996 and the United States market in 1998 due to the high risk of birth defects.
Side effects can include problems feeding, increased heart rate, low blood sugar, necrotizing enterocolitis, and kidney problems.
Dutasteride, sold under the brand name Avodart among others, is a medication used to treat benign prostatic hyperplasia and androgenetic alopecia.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is between 0.12 and 0.41 USD for an injectable dose and 0.01 USD for a pill as of 2014.
Numerous trials and case studies have demonstrated modest effectiveness for relieving fibromyalgia and multiple sclerosis.
Side effects of pyrovalerone include anorexia or loss of appetite, anxiety, fragmented sleep or insomnia, and trembling, shaking, or muscle tremors.
Larotaxel is a drug of the taxane type that has been used experimentally in chemotherapy.
It was marketed as Gemonil by Abbott Laboratories.
Procaine is a local anesthetic drug of the amino ester group.
It may also serve as a 5-HT2A receptor agonist, based on animal studies.
In many areas of the world it is not easy to get as of 2015.
The elimination half-life is longer in the elderly.
Use during pregnancy may result in harm to the baby.
Oseltamivir was approved for medical use in the US in 1999.
It is available as a generic medication.
Globally the wholesale cost in the developing world is between 0.07 and 2.20 USD per day.
It is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist.
Cambridge Antibody Technology discovered the antibody to Human Genome Sciences's target and, in 2012, HGS were purchased by GlaxoSmithKline.
Cilomilast is a drug which was developed for the treatment of respiratory disorders such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Metocurine is a muscle relaxant through neuromuscular blockade.
Fluperlapine, also known as fluoroperlapine, is a morphanthridine atypical antipsychotic with additional antidepressant and sedative effects.
Specifically it is used to treat acute lymphocytic leukemia, chronic myeloid leukemia, Crohn's disease, and ulcerative colitis.
A diuretic is any substance that promotes the production of urine.
It was under development by UCB Pharmaceuticals as a more potent and effective anticonvulsant drug to replace levetiracetam but its production has been halted.
It is an opioid listed as a Schedule I Narcotic with an ACSCN of 9305 and a 2014 aggregate national production quota of 5 grammes.
However, the safety endpoint of cardiovascular events and death was worse for peginesatide than for darbepoetin in the PEARL study.
It is a 1:1 salt of diphenhydramine with acefylline, similar to the diphenhydramine/8-chlorotheophylline combination product dimenhydrinate.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
It is given by injection into a vein.
Moroctocog alfa is a recombinant antihemophilic factor genetically engineered from Chinese hamster ovary cell line.
During October the vaccine is being administered to a further group of volunteers in Mali.
Development of the drug was discontinued due to concerns surrounding toxicity findings in dogs.
Formestane, also known as 4-hydroxyandrost-4-ene-3,17-dione, is a type I, steroidal, selective aromatase inhibitor.
Emicerfont is a drug developed by GlaxoSmithKline which acts as a CRF-1 antagonist.
In babies there may be decreased breathing and low blood pressure.
As an internal deodorant, it is commonly used by individuals who have had gastrointestinal stoma surgery, bariatric surgery, fecal incontinence, and irritable bowel syndrome.
Terbequinil is a stimulant and nootropic drug which acts as a partial inverse agonist at benzodiazepine sites on the GABAA receptor.
More serious side effects include problems with QT prolongation, heart block, high blood lipids, and liver problems.
It has multiple mechanisms, including stimulation of alpha and beta-1 receptors and inhibition of noradrenaline and tyramine uptake.
Nifurtoinol is a nitrofuran-derivative antibiotic used in the treatment of urinary tract infections.
Halofuginone is a coccidiostat used in veterinary medicine.
Renzapride is a gastroprokinetic agent and antiemetic which acts as a full 5-HT4 full agonist and 5-HT3 antagonist.
Intercept Pharmaceuticals Inc. hold the worldwide rights to develop OCA outside Japan and China, where it is licensed to Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma.
In India, it is marketed by Curacell Biotech under the brand name Pamimed.
Ambroxol is a potent inhibitor of the neuronal Na+ channels.
It used to be sold under the brand name Sigmamycine, combined with tetracycline, and made by the company Rosa-Phytopharma in France.
The compound is used to treat urea cycle disorders, because its metabolites offer an alternative pathway to the urea cycle to allow excretion of excess nitrogen.
It was discovered by Human Genome Sciences in collaboration with GlaxoSmithKline.
Estrone sulfate is usually the major form of estrogen in women.
It was introduced as a medication in France in 1957 and the United States in 1995.
Sumanirole is a highly selective D2 receptor full agonist, the first of its kind to be discovered.
This article refers to the anti-tumor molecule, and not the a2iib3 integrin activation specific antibody of the same name
5-Bromo-DMT has a pEC50 value of 5.51 for the 5-HT2A receptor.
It is also a close structural relative of 3,14-diacetyloxymorphone.
In his book PiHKAL, the dosage is listed as 150–250 mg, and the duration listed as 3–5 hours.
This includes for people who have HIV/AIDS.
It has anxiolytic effects in animal studies.
Azasetron hydrochloride is given in a usual dose of 10 mg once daily by mouth or intravenously.
Lithium compounds, also known as lithium salts, are primarily used as a psychiatric medication.
This, along with the potential for abuse, led to the suspension of the French marketing authorization for Survector in 1999.
This enables the ophthalmologist or optometrist to obtain a more accurate reading of the correcting lenses required for clear vision at distance.
In interviews, Skinner stated that he first began to experiment with 6-fluoro-AMT in the early 1980s by giving it to high school friends.
Resiquimod is a drug that acts as an immune response modifier, and has antiviral and antitumour activity.
In healthy people routine immunization results in more than 95% of people being protected.
It is legal in most countries as a research chemical, as long as it is not intended for human consumption.
It is not commercially available in the United States, but can be obtained from the Centers of Disease Control.
These two organochlorine compounds have similar chemical structures.
It has a bactericidal action against almost all Gram-negative bacilli except the Proteus and Neisseria genera.
Erlotinib hydrochloride is a drug used to treat non-small cell lung cancer, pancreatic cancer and several other types of cancer.
Because of its much longer terminal half-life, quinestrol is two to three times as potent as ethinylestradiol.
The drug received FDA approval on July 13, 2015 for the treatment of schizophrenia, and as an adjunctive treatment for depression.
It is a luminal amebicide meaning that it only works on infections within the intestines.
Deptropine also known as dibenzheptropine, is an antihistamine with anticholinergic properties.
The most commonly used rFVIIa is eptacog alfa.
Relaxin binding to endothelial B receptor on endothelial cells also induces vasodilation.
It may also increase the risk of suicide.
NSI-189 completed a phase I clinical trial for MDD in 2011, where it was administered to 41 healthy volunteers.
Effects are greatest at about 4 minutes and last for up to an hour.
It is an analogue of APINACA and 5F-APINACA where the pentyl chain has been replaced with fluorobenzyl.
Oxanamide is an anxiolytic and muscle relaxant which can produce sedative and hypnotic effects in sufficiently high doses.
It may have some use reducing methamphetamine and alcohol addiction.
Common side effects include bleeding, pain at the injection site, and low blood platelets.
It behaves as a 5-HT1A receptor partial agonist, D2 receptor partial agonist, and α1-adrenoceptor receptor antagonist, and also has weak affinity for the sigma receptor.
It produces anxiolytic-like effects in animals, though these effects appear to be biphasic and may reverse at high doses.
It remains one of the last-resort antibiotics for multidrug-resistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella pneumoniae, and Acinetobacter.
Cancers overexpressing P-glycoproteins are able to pump out therapeutic molecules before they are able to reach their target, effectively making the cancer multi-drug resistant.
It currently has no clinical applications in humans, although it was originally researched as an antidepressant.
It has analgesic effects and is used in scientific research.
CP 55,244 is a compound which is a cannabinoid receptor agonist.
It is structurally similar to staurosporine, but does not show any inhibitory activity against protein kinases.
Disopyramide is available in both oral and intravenous forms, and has a low degree of toxicity.
It has also been shown to act as a positive allosteric modulator of α7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptors.
ABT-239 is an H3-receptor inverse agonist developed by Abbott.
RPL-554 is a drug candidate for respiratory diseases.
Relative to estradiol benzoate, estradiol dipropionate has enhanced and very prolonged effects.
Antibodies may form after long term use such that future doses are less effective.
It is used as a component of hormone replacement therapy to treat and prevent symptoms of menopause such as osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.
Tramazoline is a chemical that is used in the form of tramazoline hydrochloride in nasal decongestant preparations.
Dihydroartemisinin is the active metabolite of all artemisinin compounds and is also available as a drug in itself.
In dogs diphenidine exhibits greater antitussive potency than codeine phosphate.
Often a low dose is used with other protease inhibitors.
It is not related to opium or its derivatives, so treatment with oxeladin is free of risk of dependence or addiction.
Ifoxetine selectively blocks the reuptake of serotonin in the brain supposedly without affecting it in the periphery.
Ozanezumab is a monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of ALS and multiple sclerosis.
It was investigated as a bronchodilator but was never marketed.
Injected into veins it will be filtered out by the kidneys.
It is not recommended in people who have kidney failure, epilepsy, depression, or are alcoholics.
The North America rights to mitiglinide are held by Elixir Pharmaceuticals.
It was engineered to increase affinity for CD16A polymorphisms and decrease affinity for FcγRIIB, an inhibitory receptor.
It was introduced to the United States in 1961.
Mazindol is a stimulant drug of the tetracyclic chemical class which is used as an anorectic.
Estradiol benzoate was introduced in 1936 and was one of the first forms of estrogen to be marketed.
Serious side effects include an increased risk of infection, muscle weakness, severe allergic reactions, and psychosis.
Tacrine is a centrally acting anticholinesterase and indirect cholinergic agonist.
It is an α1 adrenergic receptor blocker that inhibits the binding of norepinephrine to the α1 receptors on the membrane of vascular smooth muscle cells.
Methylergometrine maleate is marketed under the trade name Methergine.
Carglumic acid is used for the treatment of hyperammonaemia in patients with N-acetylglutamate synthase deficiency.
It is described as a covalently binding but slowly reversible selective inhibitor of FAAH.
Lymecycline is a tetracycline broad-spectrum antibiotic marketed by the pharmaceutical company Galderma.
Nepafenac is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug, usually sold as a prescription eye drop 0.1% solution.
More severe side effects include psychiatric problems, which may occur in about 5% of people.
In India, ormeloxifene has been available as birth control since the early 1990s, and it is currently marketed there under the trade name Saheli.
Oxytocin is also used as a medication to facilitate childbirth.
Common side effects include a dry mouth, large pupils, urinary retention, constipation, and a fast heart rate.
Iloprost works by opening the blood vessels to allow the blood to flow through again.
Duration of effects lasts about 12–16 hours.
Calanolide A is unique among NNRTIs in that it may bind two distinct sites in reverse transcriptase.
Saroglitazar is indicated for the treatment of diabetic dyslipidemia and hypertriglyceridemia with type 2 diabetes mellitus not controlled by statin therapy.
Tenecteplase is a tissue plasminogen activator produced by recombinant DNA technology using an established mammalian cell line.
The arterioles expand and allow blood to flow through more easily.
In his book PiHKAL, the minimum dosage is listed as 15 mg, and the duration unknown.
It is usually taken by mouth but may be used by injection into muscle.
It is available as an inhaler, cream, pills, and nasal spray.
If levels become too high, diarrhea, vomiting, poor coordination, sleepiness, and ringing in the ears may occur.
AR-231,453 is an agonist for the suggested novel cannabinoid receptor GPR119.
Patients that have received the medication are advised against giving blood for at least three years due to the risk of birth defects.
2,5-Dimethoxy-4-chloroamphetamine is a psychedelic drug of the phenethylamine and amphetamine chemical classes.
Etifoxine is an anxiolytic and anticonvulsant drug developed by Hoechst in the 1960s.
It is a member of the azapirone class of drugs and is closely related to other azapirones like buspirone and gepirone.
Conversely, the term paraffinum subliquidum is sometimes used to denote a thicker mineral oil.
It also has posttranslational modifications which are similar to those of the plasma-derived molecule.
Norcocaine is a minor metabolite of cocaine.
According to a Cochrane review, evidence for the oral form in schizophrenia is not sufficient to determine effects on general functioning.
It is primarily used to treat psychotic disorders such as schizophrenia.
Astromicin(also frequently referenced in scientific journal articles as compounds Fortimicin A/B ) is an aminoglycoside antibiotic.
Common side effects include diarrhea, vomiting, yeast infections, and allergic reactions.
It is available as a generic medication.
JWH-073, a synthetic cannabinoid, is an analgesic chemical from the naphthoylindole family that acts as a partial agonist at both the CB1 and CB2 cannabinoid receptors.
MS-245 is a tryptamine derivative which is used in scientific research.
To prevent this, small doses every few minutes can be given until the desired effect is reached.
These complications have prompted the development of drug-eluting stents.
Because of its unique aspects, bromantane has sometimes been described instead as an adaptogen and actoprotector.
More severe side effects include low blood pressure, weakness, and allergic reactions.
It was approved for medical use in the United States in 1989.
Tametraline, CP-24,442, CP-22,185, and CP-22,186 are stereoisomers of the compound and show varying effects on monoamine reuptake.
Chemically, it is the amide formed from 4-aminophenol and arachidonic acid.
In the United States a course of treatment costs 25 to 50 USD.
Together, this causes vascular remodeling and narrowing of the pulmonary arteries.
The mouse monoclonal antibody from which matuzumab was derived was developed at the Wistar Institute in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
Trade names include Biocalm, Muscodol, Mydeton, Mydocalm, Mydoflex, Myolax, Myoxan and Viveo.
These heparins have lower anti-thrombin activity than classical LMWHs and act mainly on factor Xa, reducing the risk of bleeding.
Phenazepam is a benzodiazepine drug, which was developed in the Soviet Union in 1974 and now produced in Russia and some CIS countries.
An alternative product, from Merck & Co., is known as Gardasil.
Like other antibiotics, cefalexin cannot treat viral infections, such as the flu, common cold or acute bronchitis.
Initial studies estimated that it was around 10,000 times the strength of morphine in animal models.
14-Cinnamoyloxycodeinone is the most potent example in a series of opiate analgesic drugs discovered in the 1960s, with > ×100 times the potency of morphine.
Galantamine is used for the treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease and various other memory impairments, in particular those of vascular origin.
Daunorubicin was approved for medical use in the United States in 1979.
The MLD for the HCl salt was given as 500 mg/kg and 50 mg/kg.
However, HBV signature resistance mutation M204I or L180M+M204V have been associated with Telbivudine resistance.
It is available as a generic medication.
Novo Nordisk markets it under the trade name Levemir.
As of 2012 Laboratório Farmacêutico do Estado de Pernambuco, a government run pharmaceutical company in Brazil was the only producer.
It is the dextrorotatory-stereoisomer of racemorphan, the levo-half being levorphanol.
Older adolescents will use the adult formulation.
It differs from abatacept by only 2 amino acids.
It has also been studied as a treatment for benign prostatic hyperplasia in men, with encouraging results.
Bifeprunox is an atypical antipsychotic which, similarly to aripiprazole, combines minimal D2 receptor agonism with serotonin receptor agonism.
Blood levels may be measured to determine the correct dose.
α-methyl-thiofentanyl is an opioid analgesic that is an analogue of fentanyl.
Dacarbazine was approved for medical use in the United States in 1975.
Coccidia treatment is far shorter than treatment for EPM.
Lobenzarit is a drug used in the treatment of arthritis.
5-I-R91150 is a compound that acts as a potent and selective antagonist of 5-HT2A receptors.
In 2010, Double-Crane Pharmaceutical Co. joined with LGLS to co-develop the final compound and collaborate on the marketing of the drug in China.
In the United States a month of treatment costs less than 25 USD.
Vaccines are effective in humans and other animals.
Diclofensine is chemically a tetrahydroisoquinoline derivative, as is nomifensine.
Tropicamide was approved for medical use in the United States in 1960.
It is not approved by any regulatory agency for pharmaceutical use.
They shift the threshold towards zero or hyperpolarize the membrane potential.
Metixene, also known as methixene, is an anticholinergic used as an antiparkinsonian agent.
Propiomazine is a phenothiazine, but is not used as a neuroleptic because it does not block dopamine receptors well.
It is used to detect the immunoglobulin E antibodies.
In addition to TrkB, CTX-B has been found to be an allosteric modulator of VEGFR2, one of the receptors of vascular endothelial growth factor.
Ornidazole is a drug that cures some protozoan infections.
Its main effect is the slowing down of fibrinolysis, the process that leads to the breakdown of blood clots.
It might be predicted to show similar effects to these drugs in humans, but the pharmacology of 5-EAPB remains unstudied as of 2013.
Because the monoclonal antibody targets HER2, and HER2 is only over-expressed in cancer cells, the conjugate delivers the toxin specifically to tumor cells.
It is a potent and long-acting neuroleptic, used as an antipsychotic in the treatment of schizophrenia.
Rifabutin was approved for medical use in the United States in 1992.
The FDA approval is in for germline BRCA mutated advanced ovarian cancer that has received three or more prior lines of chemotherapy.
Side effects can include itching, nausea and potentially serious respiratory depression which can be life-threatening.
Diphenylpyraline is a first-generation antihistamine with anticholinergic effects of the diphenylpiperidine class.
Promazine is a medication that belongs to the phenothiazine class of antipsychotics.
Gestrinone is the 13β-ethyl variant or 18-methyl derivative of norgestrienone.
Tedisamil is manufactured by Solvay Pharmaceuticals Inc. under the proposed trade name Pulzium and is currently in phase III of clinical testing for atrial fibrillation.
Effects of nabumetone on blood pressure control in hypertensive patients on ACE inhibitors is also good—equivalent to paracetamol.
It was first detected by the EMCDDA in Sweden in February 2015.
As amiodarone can have serious side effects, it is mainly recommended only for significant ventricular arrhythmias.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
It can be useful against some cases of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
It is a potent agonist of μ-opioid receptors in the brain.
UK-414,495 is a drug developed by Pfizer for the treatment of female sexual arousal disorder.
Vantictumab  is a human IgG2 monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of cancer.
Anastrozole is available as a generic medication.
Alendronic acid or alendronate sodium — sold as Fosamax by Merck — is a bisphosphonate drug used for osteoporosis, osteogenesis imperfecta, and several other bone diseases.
It is often used to alleviate the pain, irritation, discomfort, or urgency caused by urinary tract infections, surgery, or injury to the urinary tract.
The intravenous form is used for status epilepticus that does not improve with benzodiazepines.
In addition, 83% of patients on bitopertin described an improvement of negative symptoms on the CGI-I1 vs 66% on placebo.
It works as a gut-selective microsomal triglyceride transfer protein inhibitor.
It is a structural isomer of butalbital.
1-(2-Diphenyl)piperazine, also known as RA-7, is a drug which acts as a potent and selective agonist at the 5HT7 serotonin receptor.
However, its structural similarity to papaverine is notable.
Its target is the alpha chain of the interleukin-2 receptor.
DMA is the C17α acetate ester of delmadinone, which, in contrast to DMA, was never marketed for medical use.
It has anxiolytic effects in animal studies.
It is around 30x more potent than THC, and exhibits antiemetic and analgesic effects via activation of CB1 and CB2 cannabinoid receptors.
CBG has been found to act as a high affinity α2-adrenergic receptor agonist, moderate affinity 5-HT1A receptor antagonist, and low affinity CB1 receptor antagonist.
It is used by injection into a vein.
They are also found throughout the central nervous system.
Colfosceril palmitate is a drug used as a pulmonary surfactant.
It acts as a prodrug of estradiol, and hence, is considered to be a natural, bioidentical form of estrogen.
It should not be used in people with kidney problems.
It has reasonable selectivity for 5-HT2A and 5-HT2C subtypes over 5-HT2B, but is only slightly selective for 5-HT2A over 5-HT2C.
This vaccine was initially developed as a pandemic mock-up vaccine using an H5N1 strain.
It was being developed for secondary prevention of arterial thrombosis following unstable angina pectoris and acute myocardial infarction.
It is used as an active pharmaceutical ingredient in Strepsils, Cēpacol, Gorpils and Lorsept throat lozenges.
In contrast, much larger doses of Adderall can impair cognitive control, cause rapid muscle breakdown, or induce a psychosis.
Usually in combination with its analogue benzylpiperazine, it is sold as an alternative to the illicit drug MDMA under the name "Legal X".
This mechanism has been recently demonstrated in laboratory experiments, and can account for the biosynthesis of sporolides.
It is an analog of daunorubicin, but the absence of a methoxy group increases its fat solubility and cellular uptake.
It has been used in Europe in the treatment of mild cognitive impairment as well as fatigue and depression.
Peak benefits achieved for generalized anxiety disorder may take up to a week.
Felodipine is a medication of the calcium channel blocker type which is used to treat high blood pressure.
It is a stereoisomer of the endogenous steroid hormone 17β-estradiol.
The oral formulation of ketoconazole was discontinued in Australia in 2013 and in China in 2015.
There are ongoing studies in patients with focal onset seizures, PCDH19 pediatric epilepsy, and behaviors in Fragile X syndrome.
It is effective within the first 8 hours of insertion.
It acts on the corpus luteum to cause luteolysis, forming a corpus albicans and stopping the production of progesterone.
Evinacumab is a monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of dyslipidemia.
It has neuroprotective and antidepressant effects in animal studies, as well as nootropic effects in models of age-related cognitive decline.
Findings from phase IIa clinical trials have suggested that it would be a potential medication for comorbid MDD with generalized anxiety disorder.
Insulin aspart is a fast-acting insulin analog marketed by Novo Nordisk as NovoLog/NovoRapid.
It is active against a range of organisms including dermatophyte pathogens, Malassezia furfur, and Candida albicans.
The project was then licensed to Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp for further development and commercialization.
Sulfasalazine is available as a generic medication.
Abbott obtained U.S. marketing rights to Omnicef in December 1998 through an agreement with Warner-Lambert Company.
Lithium orotate, is a salt of orotic acid and lithium.
It shows good selectivity for NS3 protease against representative serine and cysteine proteases, human leukocyte elastase and cathepsin B.
CY-208,243 is a drug which acts as a dopamine agonist selective for the D1 subtype.
Gemtuzumab ozogamicin is a drug-linked monoclonal antibody that was used to treat acute myelogenous leukemia from 2000 to 2010.
TFMFly is a compound related to psychedelic phenethylamines such as 2C-B-FLY and 2C-TFM.
In studies on rats, BW373U86 appears to protect heart muscle cells from apoptosis in conditions of ischemia.
Bicalutamide, sold under the brand name Casodex among others, is an antiandrogen medication that is primarily used to treat prostate cancer.
Lorajmine is a drug that is a potent sodium channel blocker that was used for treating arrhythmia.
Alstonine is an indole alkaloid and putative antipsychotic constituent of various plant species including Alstonia boonei, Catharanthus roseus, Picralima nitida, Rauwolfia caffra and Rauwolfia vomitoria.
A year's worth of treatment with Eteplirsen is expected to cost approximately $300,000.
It is a designer drug and has the potential to produce a drug high.
Ketorolac acts by inhibiting the bodily synthesis of prostaglandins.
While their effectiveness varies from year to year, most provide modest to high protection against influenza.
The side effects of dizziness, sleepiness, and nausea occur about three to four times more often.
Stopping the medication suddenly following long-term use may be dangerous.
Linear ionic polymers are generally water-soluble, whereas cross-linked materials do not dissolve in water.
5-APDB is an analogue of 6-APDB where the 3-position oxygen has been replaced with a methylene instead.
It is similar in effectiveness to other PPIs.
Atorvastatin was first made in August 1985 at Warner-Lambert's Parke-Davis research facility in Ann Arbor, Michigan by a team led by Bruce Roth.
It is an agonist of the MC1, MC3, MC4, and MC5 receptors.
It has been tested for the secondary prevention of acute thrombotic complications in the Phase III clinical trial PERFORM.
This endophyte is likely the cause of the decline of Florida torreya, an endangered species that is related to the taxol-producing Taxus brevifolia.
In the developed world it is often only used for two days until bacterial cultures determine what antibiotics the infection is sensitive.
Luzindole acts as a selective melatonin receptor antagonist, with approximately 11- to 25-fold greater affinity for the MT2 over the MT1 receptor.
Ciclesonide is a glucocorticoid used to treat asthma and allergic rhinitis.
Pilsicainide also causes delayed impulse conduction through the myocardium in a dose-dependent manner(8).
It is unclear what role, if any, pFPP plays in the clinical effects of niaprazine.
Cromoglicic acid requires administration four times daily, and does not provide additive benefit in combination with inhaled corticosteroids.
It is no longer marketed in the United States, but used to be marketed by Pfizer under the brand name Geocillin.
The 3,6-diesters of morphine are drugs with more rapid and complete central nervous system penetration due to increased lipid solubility and other structural considerations.
It can also be prescribed to treat the skin rash known as tinea versicolor, caused by systemic yeast overgrowth.
It is a prodrug, which is thought to enhance the oral bioavailability of ampicillin because of its greater lipophilicity compared to that of ampicillin.
Norketamine, or N-desmethylketamine, is the major active metabolite of ketamine, which is formed mainly by CYP3A4.
It is often formulated as the meglumine salt.
It was described by Alexander Shulgin as similar in action to its demethylated homologue, ALPHA, but with roughly twice the duration and twice the potency.
JWH-164 is a synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonist from the naphthoylindole family.
This lowers the estrogen level, and slows the growth of cancers.
This drug was developed by MacroGenics, Inc.
The wholesale cost in the developing world as of 2014 is between US$0.02 and US$0.12 per day.
Common side effects with the inhaled form include respiratory infections, headaches, and throat inflammation.
Prenylamine also slows cardiac metabolism via calcium transport delay by blockade of magnesium-dependent calcium transport ATPase.
It is generally recommended for use with other antiretrovirals.
It acts as a serotonin reuptake inhibitor and 5-HT3 receptor antagonist.
Ketocyclazocine is an exogenous opioid that binds to the κ opioid receptor.
DiPT  or N,N-diisopropyltryptamine  is a psychedelic hallucinogenic drug of the tryptamine family that has a unique effect.
It is used when dietary changes, exercise, and weight loss are not enough.
Ro60-0175 is a drug developed by Hoffmann–La Roche, which has applications in scientific research.
It has successfully completed a Phase II clinical trial for the treatment of asthma.
It is only to be prescribed to terminally ill patients due to carcinogen reactions in rats.
It displaces spiperone binding in vitro and elevates dopamine levels in the striatum, indicating it acts as a D2 receptor antagonist.
It is an inhibitor of the enzyme β-glucuronidase.
The first amphetamine pharmaceutical was Benzedrine, a brand which was used to treat a variety of conditions.
Cefepime has an extended spectrum of activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria, with greater activity against both types of organism than third-generation agents.
Lubeluzole is a drug which acts as an indirect NMDA antagonist.
It was investigated for the treatment of depression and Alzheimer's disease, but clinical development seems to have been discontinued.
Another drug similarly named JHW-007 is a cocaine analogue and atypical dopamine reuptake inhibitor, but is distinct from and not the same as this JWH-007.
As of 2015 imiquimod is generic and is available worldwide under many brands.
It is the N-methylated analogue of phenobarbital and has similar indications, therapeutic value, and tolerability.
Hyperforin is believed to be one of the three chief active constituents of St. John's wort -the other two being hypericin and several flavonoid constituents.
It can be taken orally in tablet form.
Cycloserine was discovered in 1954 from a type of Streptomyces.
Mebutamate is an anxiolytic and sedative drug with antihypertensive effects of the carbamate class.
Efficacy and adverse reaction incidence are similar to Dryvax.
The substance is closely related to digoxin; it differs from the latter only by an O-methyl group on the terminal monosaccharide.
Increased levels of Rho-kinase inhibit myosin phosphatase activity, leading to increased calcium sensitivity and hypercontraction.
A phase III trial is evaluating tranilast for Pterygium.
It is primarily used to treat atopic dermatitis, seborrheic dermatitis, contact dermatitis and psoriasis in both adults and children.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is between 500.00 and 4,800.00 USD for 12 weeks.
Aptivus labeling has a black box warning regarding hepatotoxicity and intracranial hemorrhage.
A pentavalent vaccine is a combined vaccine with five individual vaccines conjugated into one, intended to actively protect people from 5 potentially deadly diseases.
Safety during pregnancy is unclear; while, some of the medications used in combination may result in harm to the baby.
In July 2012, the FDA approved a real time PCR companion diagnostic test for KRAS, the therascreen KRAS test.
3-Hydroxyphencyclidine is a dissociative anesthetic that has been sold online as a designer drug.
In the United States a course of rabies vaccine is more than 750 USD.
Arginine glutamate is a mixture of two amino acids, 50% arginine and 50% glutamic acid, used in liver therapy.
It is a non-selective competitive beta-adrenergic receptor blocker that also exhibits Class III antiarrhythmic properties.
It was formerly used in Wyamine nasal decongestant inhalers and before that as a stimulant in psychiatry.
Common side effects include bleeding, fever, and swelling of the legs.
It has not been studied in pregnancy.
In the United States, a course of treatment costs $25 to 50.
Its use is not recommended in babies.
Other members of the carbapenem group are broadly active antibacterials that are used for infections caused by difficult to treat or multidrug-resistant bacteria.
Lorglumide is a drug which inhibits gastrointestinal motility and reduces gastric secretions, acting as a cholecystokinin antagonist, with fairly high selectivity for the CCKA subtype.
In veterinary anesthesia, xylazine is often used in combination with ketamine.
There are a number of alternative PET radioligands for imaging the serotonin transporter: [11C]ADAM, [11C]AFM, [11C]DAPA, [11C]McN5652, and [11C]-NS 4194.
TP-13 is an anxiolytic drug with a novel chemical structure, which is used in scientific research.
Diproqualone is a quinazolinone class GABAergic and is an analogue of methaqualone developed in the late 1950s by a team at Nogentaise de Produits Chimique.
Flecainide acetate is a class Ic antiarrhythmic agent used to prevent and treat tachyarrhythmias.
Brentuximab vedotin is an antibody-drug conjugate used to treat relapsed or refractory Hodgkin lymphoma and systemic anaplastic large cell lymphoma.
CUMYL-THPINACA is an indazole-3-carboxamide based synthetic cannabinoid.
Development of rovelizumab was halted in April 2000 when interim data from phase III clinical trials did not meet Icos's goals.
A liposomal formulation known as liposomal daunorubicin also exists.
The duration of action was more than 24 hours, indicating a long half-life of the drug.
Articaine is a dental amide-type local anesthetic.
In the United States, this agent is typically given in hospital.
Parecoxib is a COX2 selective inhibitor in the same category as celecoxib and rofecoxib.
The organism was named Streptomyces aureofaciens and the isolated drug, Aureomycin, because of their golden color.
Salbutamol, also known as albuterol and marketed as Ventolin among other names, is a medication that opens up the medium and large airways in the lungs.
In 2010, early clinical trials for the treatment of Friedreich's ataxia and Duchenne muscular dystrophy have been completed.
The corticorelin stimulation test helps to differentiate between the etiologies of adrenocorticotropic hormone-dependent hypercortisolism.
Side effects include moderate mydriasis, dizziness, sensations of heat or cold, and trembling.
Fosfluconazole is a water-soluble phosphate prodrug of fluconazole — a triazole antifungal drug used in the treatment and prevention of superficial and systemic fungal infections.
It consists of a mixture of heparan sulfate, dermatan sulfate, and chondroitin sulfate.
Ancrod is not approved or marketed in any country.
Though originally thought to be highly selective for ERα, PPT has subsequently been found to also act as an agonist of the GPER.
Its mechanism of action remains poorly defined however, with GABAergic, NGF- and BDNF-release-promoting, MT1 receptor agonism, MT3 receptor antagonism, and sigma agonism suggested as potential mechanisms.
It has been reported to be sold as a novel psychoactive drug, but little is known about its pharmacology or toxicology as yet.
Cyclopentobarbital sodium is a barbiturate derivative invented in the 1940s.
Its brand names include Placatus, Tussolvina, and Nepitus.
It was originally labeled vitamin BT; however, because carnitine is synthesized in the human body, it is no longer considered a vitamin.
Mometasone furoate is a glucocorticoid or corticosteroid used topically to reduce inflammation of the skin or in the airways.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
The liquid formulation may be more suitable for patients with swallowing difficulties.
It was developed by Boehringer Ingelheim and Eli Lilly and Company.
In Italy, it is also used as a treatment for dysthymia.
Setastine is an antihistamine used to treat allergies and rhinitis.
JD5037 is an antiobesity drug candidate which acts as a peripherally-restricted cannabinoid inverse agonist at CB1 receptors.
It was developed by SUGEN as SU11654, a sister compound to sunitinib, which was later approved for human therapies.
Voriconazole, is a triazole antifungal medication used to treat and prevent invasive fungal infections including aspergillosis andcandidiasis and fungal infections caused by Scedosporium and Fusarium species.
Terguride, also known as trans-dihydrolisuride, is a serotonin receptor antagonist and dopamine receptor agonist of the ergoline family.
The combination form cost between 100 and 200 USD for a course of treatment in the United States.
Teniposide is a chemotherapeutic medication used in the treatment of childhood acute lymphocytic leukemia, Hodgkin's lymphoma, certain brain tumours, and other types of cancer.
The nonproprietary name is derived from the cinnamyl substituent on one of the nitrogen atoms, combined with the generic ending "-rizine" for "antihistaminics/cerebral vasodilators".
Droperidol is also often used for neuroleptanalgesic anesthesia and sedation in intensive-care treatment.
It is scheduled by UN Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs.
Its use is associated with phototoxicity and hypoglycaemia.
It is not used in the United States.
For this reason, a practical, multigram synthetic route for its preparation has been described.
Prajmaline is a class Ia antiarrhythmic agent which has been available since the 1970s.
Rifampicin was discovered in 1965, marketed in Italy in 1968, and approved in the United States in 1971.
It is in the protease inhibitor class and works by blocking the HIV protease.
Volazocine is an opioid analgesic of the benzomorphan class which was never marketed.
People often experience red discoloration of the urine for a few days.
Nitracaine is a stimulant with local anesthetic properties that has been sold online as a designer drug.
Carbasalate calcium is an analgesic, antipyretic, and anti-inflammatory drug, as well as a platelet aggregation inhibitor.
Other serious side effects may include worsening heart failure and kidney problems.
Its fast acting property makes it suitable for the treatment of PE but not as an antidepressant.
Beraprost is a pharmaceutical drug used in several Asian countries, including Japan and South Korea, as a vasodilator and antiplatelet agent.
Ajmaline is an alkaloid that is class Ia antiarrhythmic agent.
Alphamethadol, or α-methadol, also known as alfametadol, is a synthetic opioid analgesic.
When used as a cream irritation at the site of application may occur.
It has been sold as a designer drug and research chemical online since 2010.
After 48 to 72 hours if there is more than a five to ten millimeter area of swelling the test is considered positive.
Butyl nitrite is an alkyl nitrite made from n-butanol.
A clear and stable liquid, it has a mild ethereal odor whose vapors are non-flammable.
Barbexaclone is a salt compound of phenobarbital and levopropylhexedrine.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
It was initially marketed by Merck & Co. Inc. and is available in generic form.
Before treating a person for a long period of time, measurements of liver enzymes and blood counts are recommended.
Aceclofenac falls under the BCS Class II, poorly soluble and highly permeable drug.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
The first is its high-affinity stereospecific binding to synaptic vesicle glycoprotein 2A.
In Hong Kong, flutoprazepam is regulated under Schedule 1 of Hong Kong's Chapter 134 Dangerous Drugs Ordinance.
Rexin G is a tumor-targeted genetic medication for cancer.
It is not recommended in people with severe liver or kidney problems.
Tilorone is the first recognized synthetic, small molecular weight compound that is an orally active interferon inducer.
Chemically, it mimics the nucleoside adenosine and thus inhibits the enzyme adenosine deaminase, which interferes with the cell's ability to process DNA.
It causes bradycardia by inhibiting the pacemaker current by altering the maximal channel conductance and alter the voltage threshold.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
In functional studies, it stimulates calcium mobilization coupled to 5-HT2C, 5-HT2B, and 5-HT2A receptors with EC50 values of 0.8, 1.8, and 7 nM, respectively.
Phenprocoumon is a long-acting oral anticoagulant drug, a derivative of coumarin.
Metabolism of other 1-methylated-ergoloids to their secondary amine derivatives has been frequently noted in mammals.
It works by blocking pyruvate kinase, an enzyme required for the parasite to make adenosine triphosphate.
It has also been used to treat Entamoeba histolytica infections.
Ceftriaxone, sold under the trade name Rocephin, is an antibiotic useful for the treatment of a number of bacterial infections.
The structure of betaenone B was determined via nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy, CD and optical rotatory dispersion measurements.
It has therefore resulted in a decrease in the rate of meningitis, pneumonia, and epiglottitis.
It is given by injection just under the skin.
para-Ethoxyamphetamine has similar effects to PMA in animal studies, although with slightly weaker stimulant effects.
Onset of action is typically within 15 to 30 minutes and lasts for three to five hours.
Midazolam can be given by mouth, intravenously, by injection into a muscle, sprayed into the nose, or in the cheek.
It was found in 2005 as an ingredient of products sold as "dietary supplements" for bodybuilding.
Common side effects include bone marrow suppression, vomiting, diarrhea, liver problems, rash, ulcer formation in the mouth, and bleeding.
It is toxic to cattle feeding on infected grass, probably because it acts as a vasoconstrictor.
It was later found to have potent anti-HIV activity.
It is usually administered for the treatment of oedema and hypertension.
It was discovered during research into the related compound SDB-001 which had been sold illicitly as "2NE1".
Pamaquine is an 8-aminoquinoline drug used for the treatment of malaria.
It also acts as a β3 receptor agonist.
For other types of high blood pressure including very high blood pressure resulting in symptoms other medications are typically preferred.
Its UK BAN generic name is co-phenotrope.
It is structurally very similar to meropenem in that it possesses a 1-β-methyl group.
It is a long-acting prodrug of dapsone.
Antalarmin is a drug that acts as a CRF-1 antagonist.
It is available as a generic medication.
The drug is also used to treat the skin disorder Alopecia X in dogs.
If not all people are immunized then at least women of childbearing age should be immunized.
Sucraid is packaged in two plastic bottles, each 118ml.
The trial was halted in March 2012 due to inadequate efficacy.
The common side effect is low blood sugar.
It is usually found in endophyte-infected species of grass like Tall fescue or Perennial Ryegrass.
It should not be used in those with a history of bone marrow problems.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Lisdexamfetamine itself is inactive prior to its absorption and the subsequent rate-limited enzymatic cleavage of the molecule's L-lysine portion, which produces the active metabolite.
It has undergone a phase 1B clinical trial for advanced breast or ovarian cancer.
Tolerance to the autonomic effects of increased blood pressure and heart rate, and increased urine output, develops with chronic use.
Each compound binds to the bacterial 50 S ribosomal subunit and inhibits the elongation process of the protein synthesis, thereby exhibiting only a moderate bacteriostatic activity.
Melatonin is also produced in plants where it functions as a first line of defense against oxidative stress.
Based on Shulgin's reports of essential inactivity at 150–250 mg, it may be more active at higher doses.
Org 28611 is a drug developed by Organon International which acts as a potent cannabinoid receptor full agonist at both the CB1 and CB2 receptors.
It is structurally related to both tricyclics like imipramine and butyrophenones like haloperidol.
It absorbs red light at 664-667 nm normally provided by a laser tuned to this wavelength.
It is not effective for gonorrhea or chlamydia infections.
Development by Boehringer Ingelheim was halted in October 2010 following a negative evaluation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
Other salts used in research and other settings include thebacon's phosphate, hydrobromide, citrate, hydroiodide, and sulphate.
It was discovered in 1966 by M. E. Wall and M. C. Wani in systematic screening of natural products for anticancer drugs.
Saxagliptin, previously identified as BMS-477118, is an oral hypoglycemic of the dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor class of drugs.
It was developed in the Soviet Union in the 1970s.
Common side effects when taken by mouth include vomiting and diarrhea.
It is the first drug in the new class of pleuromutilin antibiotics to be approved for human use.
Tetracaine was patented in 1930 and came into medical use in 1941.
Fezolamine is a drug which was investigated by Sterling Drug as an antidepressant in the 1980s.
In addition to blocking the INa current, it inhibits the IKr rectifier K+ current.
Streptolydigin inhibits bacterial RNA polymerase, but not eukaryotic RNA polymerase.
Both of alphamethadol's isomers bind to and activate the μ-opioid receptor and are active as opioid analgesics, similarly to those of alphacetylmethadol.
O-1057 is an analgesic cannabinoid derivative created by Organix Inc., Newburyport, Massachusetts, for use in scientific research.
It has a unique pharmacology: it is a selective β1 receptor antagonist, but a β2 receptor partial agonist.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about $5.94 to $24.12 USD per month.
Arimoclomol is an experimental drug developed by CytRx Corporation, a biopharmaceutical company based in Los Angeles, California.
High doses can result in very high blood pressure or body temperature.
IDRA-21 does not produce neurotoxicity under normal conditions, although it may worsen neuronal damage following global ischemia after stroke or seizures.
Bisoprolol is in the Beta blocker family of medications and is of the β1 selective type.
Naltriben is a potent and selective antagonist for the delta opioid receptor, which is used in scientific research.
Desvenlafaxine, also known as O-desmethylvenlafaxine, is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor class developed and marketed by Wyeth.
Iofendylate is a molecule used as a contrast medium.
4-Fluorofentanyl is made with the same synthetic route as fentanyl, but by substituting para-fluoroaniline for aniline in the synthesis.
Gd-DTPA is classed as an acyclic, ionic gadolinium contrast medium.
Gefarnate is a drug used for the treatment of gastric ulcers.
Halothane is a chiral molecule that is used as a racemic mixture.
Neomycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic found in many topical medications such as creams, ointments, and eyedrops.
A generic version was approved in the US in 2016.
It was concluded that it may be an opioid partial agonist.
Mavrilimumab was discovered as CAM-3001 by Cambridge Antibody Technology and is being developed by MedImmune, Inc. as an investigational drug for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis
The drug is produced by Viventia Bio <http://www.viventia.com, a Canadian company with laboratories in Winnipeg, Canada and headquarters in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA.
A structural modification of the investigative neuroleptic pinoxepin, lometraline was originally patented by Pfizer as an antipsychotic, tranquilizer, and antiparkinsonian agent.
Specifically it is used for syphilis, anthrax, mouth infections, pneumonia, diphtheria, cellulitis, and animal bites.
For age-related macular degeneration it is given by injection into the eye.
Napoleon Cybulski first isolated epinephrine in 1895.
AVA originated in studies done in the 1950s and was first licensed for use in humans in 1970.
The drug was approved in Europe in March 2009.
It is a 17α-ethylated derivative of nandrolone and lacks the 3-keto group.
Alizapride is a dopamine antagonist with prokinetic and antiemetic effects used in the treatment of nausea and vomiting, including postoperative nausea and vomiting.
These include hepatitis C and perhaps also hepatitis B and yellow fever.
The vaccine needs to be kept cold but not frozen.
Iontocaine was an anesthetic medication, marketed under the two brand names Numby and Phoresor PM900 by IOMED inc.
The immunity that develops is long lasting after three doses.
Mercaptopurine, sold under the brand name Purinethol among others, is a medication used for cancer and autoimmune diseases.
Cryptenamine is a mixture of hypotensive alkaloids extracted from Veratrum album.
PRE-084 is a sigma receptor agonist, selective for the σ1 subtype.
The side effects are more common in children.
It is also referred to as chondroitin sulfate B,  although it is no longer classified as a form of chondroitin sulfate by most sources.
In vivo at the ED50, RTI-112 had no DAT occupancy at all.
It is a type II and type III 5α-reductase inhibitor; 5α-reductase, an enzyme, converts testosterone to dihydrotestosterone.
Istaroxime is an innovative medication as it is an effective treatment for both systolic and diastolic heart failure.
Clostebol is a weak AAS with potential use as a performance enhancing drug.
It is highly potent against class I and II HDACs.
Like paracetamol, it has minimal anti-inflammatory effects.
FCE-28260 is an azasteroidal 5α-reductase inhibitor which was developed for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia and androgenic alopecia in the 1990s but was never marketed.
Mianserin is a tetracyclic antidepressant therapeutic family.
Common side effects include sleepiness and dizziness.
In the United States a typical month supply is between 100 and 200 USD.
In humans, the IFNγ protein is encoded by the IFNG gene.
Naftidrofuryl is also licensed for the treatment of intermittent claudication due to peripheral arterial disease.
Rimantadine is an orally administered antiviral drug used to treat, and in rare cases prevent, influenzavirus A infection.
According to the patent tables, incorporation of the fluorine atom potentiated the 5-HT affinity considerably.
Silver sulfadiazine is not recommended in children less than two months.
Peramivir is a neuraminidase inhibitor, acting as a transition-state analogue inhibitor of influenza neuraminidase and thereby preventing new viruses from emerging from infected cells.
Seviteronel is a nonsteroidal antiandrogen, acting specifically as an androgen synthesis inhibitor via inhibition of the enzyme CYP17A1, for the treatment of castration-resistant prostate cancer.
It is a derivative of coumarin and is generic, so is marketed under many brand names worldwide.
Castration-resistant prostate cancer, formerly called hormone-resistant or hormone-refractory prostate cancer, is prostate cancer that grows despite medical or surgical androgen deprivation therapy.
Serotonin stimulates the proliferation of pulmonary artery smooth muscle cells, and induces fibrosis in the wall of pulmonary arteries.
It is found either as its crystalline hydrochloride salt or as an oily or crystalline base.
It is given by injection into a vein.
Tetracycline was originally made from the bacteria Streptomyces.
ZK-93423 is an anxiolytic drug from the β-Carboline family, closely related to abecarnil.
It is primarily used in treating gout and hyperuricemia.
Dihydrocodeine is twice as strong as codeine.
Miroprofen is an analgesic and NSAID, meaning that it has anti-inflammatory, antipyretic and antiplatelet aggregation activity.
It is a long-acting prodrug of dapsone, which is used for treating leprosy.
However, some users report that O-acetylpsilocin's subjective effects differ from that of psilocybin and psilocin.
Amitriptylinoxide is both an analogue and metabolite of amitriptyline, and has similar effects as well as equivalent efficacy as an antidepressant.
It reached phase III clinical trials in 1996 before development was discontinued in 1999.
Benzylpenicillin, also known as penicillin G, is an antibiotic used to treat a number of bacterial infections.
It is administered as a topical ophthalmic in the form of a 2% solution.
Fontolizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody and an immunosuppressive drug for the treatment of auto-immune diseases like Crohn's disease.
Nicoracetam is a drug from the racetam family.
It is chemically similar to the cathinone compounds found in the khat plant of eastern Africa.
Nicotine replacement therapy works by reducing cravings due to nicotine addiction.
It also increases allodynia by interfering with the action of the κ-opioid peptide dynorphin.
It was made illegal in Germany in 1998 but little other information is available.
Pivmecillinam is the pivaloyloxymethyl ester of mecillinam.
As of 2015, the cost for a typical month of medication in the United States was more than 200 USD.
One reason for the high potency is the LogP of 4.57, allowing it to accumulate in fatty tissue such as the brain.
Meclizine is an antihistamine considered to be an antiemetic.
As a result, all strengths of Thyrolar are currently on long-term back order while modifications necessary to meet these new specifications are made."
A prospective multicenter randomized controlled trial conducted in Japan found combining enprostil with cimetidine was more effective than cimetidine alone in treating gastric ulcer.
Acetrizoic acid is a molecule used as an X-ray contrast medium.
It acts as a selective non-peptide antagonist for the receptor GAL-1, which is usually activated by the neuropeptide galanin.
Donitriptan is a triptan drug which was investigated as an antimigraine agent but ultimately was never marketed.
Angiotensinamide is a potent vasoconstrictor used as a cardiac stimulant.
It is manufactured by heating aziridine with thiophosphoryl chloride.
Neticonazole is only approved for use in Japan.
It shares a similar chemical structure with α-PPP and MDPV.
Only bacteria and archaea have the enzymes needed for its synthesis.
Dinapsoline is a drug developed for the treatment of Parkinson's disease, that acts as a selective full agonist at the dopamine D1 receptor.
It should generally not be used in people with angle closure glaucoma.
Urofollitropin is a purified form of follicle-stimulating hormone that is manufactured by extraction from human urine and then purified to remove various proteins and other substances.
Litoxetine is an antidepressant which was under clinical development for the treatment of depression in the early 1990s.
Unlike most barbiturates, it has little or no sedative effects, instead acting as a non-sedating anxiolytic and antidepressant.
Common side effects include rash, nausea, and diarrhea.
Esomeprazole is currently sold over the counter in the US, the UK and Australia.
It is marketed under the trade names Surgam, Surgamyl and Tiaprofen, and in generic formulations.
Hexachlorophene, also known as Nabac, is an organochlorine compound that was once widely used as a disinfectant.
Vaccinating children may protect those around them.
25P-NBOMe has been sold as a drug and produces similar effects in humans to related compounds such as 25I-NBOMe and 25C-NBOMe.
As of 2015 the cost for a typical month of medication in the United States is less than 25 USD.
Lanreotide is manufactured by Ipsen, and marketed under the trade name Somatuline.
The inhaled form is used in the long-term management of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
As such, it has been included in some dietary supplements.
Simethicone is a mixture of polydimethylsiloxane and hydrated silica gel.
Sevoflurane is the preferred agent for mask induction due to its lesser irritation to mucous membranes.
It acts as an immunomodulator and binds to HER1.
Remogliflozin etabonate is a proposed drug of the gliflozin class for the treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis and type 2 diabetes.
The ointment is marketed by Pfizer under the brand name Fibrolan in a variety of countries.
Cardanol is a phenolic lipid obtained from anacardic acid, the main component of cashew nutshell liquid, a byproduct of cashew nut processing.
Saroglitazar is a drug for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus and dyslipidemia.
Flunarizine is a drug classified as a calcium antagonist.
In the United States the wholesale price of a month of medication is about 20.10 USD.
It is used in veterinary practice under the trade name Alfaxan as an induction agent for anesthesia and as an injectable anesthetic.
In 2014 marketing of Ontak was discontinued in the US.
Several forms of pyrvinium have been prepared with variable counter anions, such as halides, tosylate, triflate and pamoate.
It is also found in small amounts in certain members of the Fabaceae family, including Acacia berlandieri.
Abecarnil may also have fewer problems of tolerance and withdrawal problems compared to nonselective full agonist benzodiazepine acting drugs.
Use during pregnancy is known to harm the baby.
In addition to psychosis, clocapramine has also been used to augment antidepressants in the treatment of anxiety and panic.
Fosamprenavir is a drug for the treatment of HIV infections.
In the United States, it is regulated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, and may only be lawfully distributed by order of a licensed veterinarian.
Tipepidine has recently garnered interest as a potential psychiatric drug.
Some studies also show the drug to have moderate affinity to dopamine D2 receptors and low affinity to dopamine receptor D1.
Chloropyramine is a classical antihistamine drug approved in some Eastern European countries for the treatment of allergic conjunctivitis, allergic rhinitis, bronchial asthma, and other atopic conditions.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Some breast cancers require estrogen to grow.
The binding affinity for 5-HT2A receptor is 13 ± 2 nM.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Thus it requires roughly 50–100 ordinary cups of coffee to reach a lethal dose.
Fibrinolysin and desoxyribonuclease both act as lytic enzymes.
It can be mixed with propofol in the same syringe.
In the United States a month of treatment costs 25 to 50 USD.
However a serendipitous discovery found that 2-bromo-LSD is also able to produce this therapeutic effect, despite lacking the other effects of LSD.
Results published from the CLL clinical trial failed to meet primary endpoints.
Triflupromazine is an antipsychotic medication of the phenothiazine class.
Similarly to spironolactone, prorenone is also a potent inhibitor of aldosterone biosynthesis.
Between 2011 and 2014 the wholesale price was $0.16 to $1.11 USD a dose in the developing world.
The benzathine component slowly releases the penicillin making the combination long acting.
It is also referred to as 2,3,4,5,6-pentahydroxycaproic acid potassium salt, D-gluconic acid potassium salt, or potassium D-gluconate.
Chemically, methedrone is closely related to para-methoxymethamphetamine, methylone and mephedrone.
JD5037 is covered in the following US Patents issued to Jenrin Discovery: 8,088,809 ), 7,666,889, 7,482,470.
Esketamine acts primarily as a non-competitive N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonist, but is also a dopamine reuptake inhibitor.
Terlipressin is an analogue of vasopressin used as a vasoactive drug in the management of low blood pressure.
It is a yellowish solid derived by oxidation of phenanthroline.
The European Commission gave marketing authorization for Ganirelix throughout the European Union to N.V. Organon in May 2000.
National Institute on Drug Abuse gave a $6.5 million grant in 2012 to California-based drug developer company Savant HWP for the human trials.
It has also been tested for use in the treatment of leprosy.
As of January 2016 it is in a phase III clinical trial for secondary progressive MS due to complete December 2016.
Trengestone, also known as 6-chloro-6,7-didehydroretroprogesterone or 6-chloro-9β-10α-pregna-1,4,6-triene-3,20-dione, is a steroidal progestin of the retroprogesterone group related to dydrogesterone that was formerly used to treat menstrual disorders.
It is used in euthanasia and is the second of three drugs administered during most lethal injections in the United States.
Visilizumab has also been radiolabelled with technetium-99m for imaging T cells.
Remacemide is also known as remacemide hydrochloride,-2-amino-N-(1-methyl-1,2-diphenylethyl)-acetamide hydrochloride, or FPL 12924AA.
Voglibose delays the absorption of glucose thereby reducing the risk of macrovascular complications.
However, in the short term milrinone has been deemed beneficial to those experiencing heart failure and an effective therapy to maintain heart function following cardiac surgeries.
A clinical trial in 2002 compared chlortalidone to doxazosin in the treatment of high-risk hypertensive patients.
The wholesale cost in the developing world as of 2015 is about 0.42 USD per vial of four milligrams.
In the US, it is approved since November 2015, and in the EU since November 2016.
It has also been used in the anticonvulsant preparation barbexaclone in combination with phenobarbital to offset sedation.
It was developed, and is marketed, by Merck & Co.
It was hypothesized that on account of these unique actions, NDMC might underlie the clinical superiority of clozapine over other antipsychotics.
It can be given by mouth, by injection into a muscle, by injecting under the skin, intravenously, into the space around the spinal cord, or rectally.
In 2015, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration granted celiprolol orphan drug designation for the treatment of vascular Ehlers–Danlos syndrome.
When used to treat syphilis a reaction known as Jarisch-Herxheimer may occur.
The chemical structure of cefamandole, like that of several other cephalosporins, contains an N-methylthiotetrazole side chain.
In practice, platelet aggregation gradually returns to normal about 96 to 120 hours after discontinuation of the drug.
It is used in the treatment of acute mesenteric ischemia.
As a consequence, nitromethaqualone was not developed further due to toxicity concerns.
It should not be taken when breastfeeding.
Rimcazole is an antagonist of the sigma receptor as well as a dopamine reuptake inhibitor.
It is sold under the brand names Bonine, Bonamine, Antivert, Postafen, Sea Legs, and Dramamine II.
Eli Lilly licensed the drug back in 2007 from MacroGenics with a $41 million upfront and a billion dollars pledged for milestones.
Propanidid is an ultra short-acting phenylacetate general anesthetic.
Bicalutamide is well-absorbed, and its absorption is not affected by food.
As a medication, it is used to decrease high pressures in the eyes, seen in glaucoma, and to lower increased intracranial pressure.
It is known also under names Difluorophate, Diflupyl, Diflurphate, Dyflos, Dyphlos, Fluropryl, Fluostigmine, isofluorophate, isofluorphate, Neoglaucit, PF-3, PF3, T-1703, TL 466, and others.
It is marketed alone under the brand name Lutenyl and in combination with estradiol under the brand names Naemis and Zoely.
Chlortetracycline may increase the anticoagulant activities of acenocoumarol.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is 0.004 to 0.11 USD per pill as of 2014.
The combination quinupristin/dalfopristin was brought to the market by Rhone-Poulenc Rorer Pharmaceuticals in 1999.
Administration of afelimomab reduces the concentration of interleukin-6 in patients with sepsis, but reduces mortality only marginally.
Common side effects include bone marrow suppression, fevers, loss of appetite, psychiatric problems, shortness of breath, and headaches.
Arketamine and esketamine possess similar potency for interaction with the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors.
It is available as a generic medication.
The psychoactive effects of THCV in Cannabis preparations are not well characterized.
It acts as a mixed agonist-antagonist of the μ-opioid receptor.
It is used to treat pain and inflammation associated with cataract surgery.
Originally it was prepared in a program screening for new herbicides in 1972.
In the United Kingdom that dose costs the NHS about 2.10 pounds.
Adverse effects may include hangover type effects, drowsiness, behavioural impairments and short-term memory impairments.
It is marketed under the trade name Simdax.
It belongs to the same class as vancomycin, the most widely used and one of the few treatments available to patients infected with methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
It inhibits the enzymes carbonic anhydrase and COX-2.
Common side effects itching, facial swelling, headaches, and feeling tired.
More recently it has been reported as a novel designer drug.
ABT-239 is more active at the human H3 receptor than comparable agents such as thioperamide, ciproxifan, and cipralisant.
Its structure has a nicotinonitrile core bound through C5 to the N6 of-3,6-diazabicyclo[3.2.0]heptane.
In oxacephems such as latamoxef, the sulfur atom of the cephalosporin core is replaced with an oxygen atom.
The drug was developed by Amgen Inc.
It is approximately equipotent to NMDA and about five times more potent than quinolinic acid as an agonist of the NMDA receptor.
Relaxin can also bind to a secondary receptor, endothelial B receptor, which is upregulated as a result of the previous pathway.
Estradiol is produced especially within the follicles of the female ovaries, but also in other endocrine and nonendocrine tissues.
AltheRx is currently preparing to advance solabegron into a large clinical study in OAB.
In the United States it costs about 25 to 50 USD per month.
AFDX-384 is a drug which acts as a selective antagonist of the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors, with selectivity for the M2 and M4 subtypes.
Ethocybin is a homologue of the mushroom alkaloid psilocybin, and a semi-synthetic psychedelic alkaloid of the tryptamine family.
The leaves of the coca plant have been used by Peruvians since ancient times.
It was developed by Astellas Pharma and was approved in the United States in July 2012.
Use is not generally recommended during pregnancy.
They can include low blood cell counts, vomiting, loss of appetite, diarrhea, hair loss, and fever.
On 18 November 2004, Sicor received a tentative approval letter from the United States Food and Drug Administration for a generic version of fosphenytoin.
Procyclidine is an anticholinergic drug principally used for the treatment of drug-induced parkinsonism, akathisia and acute dystonia; Parkinson disease; and idiopathic or secondary dystonia.
Kanamycin is not recommended during pregnancy as it may harm to the baby.
It arrests DNA synthesis in the S phase of cellular division.
It is expected to be a potent agonist of the CB1 receptor and CB2 receptor.
It appears to act as a serotonin-norepinephrine-dopamine releasing agent, although it is significantly less potent than MDMA.
Tiotropium bromide is a long-acting, 24-hour, anticholinergic bronchodilator used in the management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
It reduces intraocular pressure by increasing the outflow of aqueous fluid from the eyes.
Estradiol enanthate does not appear to be available as a standalone drug.
Occasionally, hearing loss, low blood pressure, or bone marrow suppression occur.
Calmangafodipir [Ca4Mn(DPDP)5] is stabilized with respect to Mn2+ and has improved therapeutic activity.
Unlike dextromoramide, which is a potent analgesic with high abuse potential, levomoramide is virtually without activity.
It acts as a norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor, and to a lesser extent as a dopamine reuptake inhibitor.
It is most selective for the α2 and α3 subtypes of the GABAA receptor.
Phenaglycodol is a drug described as a tranquilizer or sedative which has anxiolytic and anticonvulsant properties.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
There are two types: one that uses inactivated poliovirus and is given by injection, and one that uses weakened poliovirus and is given by mouth.
Tuclazepam is a drug which is a benzodiazepine derivative.
It works by inhibiting folic acid metabolism and therefore the making of DNA.
It has potent analgesic effects and is around 10x more potent than morphine.
This drug is currently being developed by Mentrik Biotech, LLC.
Diclazepam, also known as chlorodiazepam and 2'-chloro-diazepam, is a benzodiazepine and functional analog of diazepam.
Amfepramone is a stimulant drug of the phenethylamine, amphetamine, and cathinone classes that is used as an appetite suppressant.
Enfortumab refers to the monoclonal antibody part, and vedotin refers to the payload drug and the linker.
Elcatonin is a Calcitonin derivative which is transformed from eel's calcitonin by changing the S-S bond into the stable C-N bond.
It is available in countries including China, Japan, Korea, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Greece and South Africa.
However, it appears that other additional mechanisms may also be at play.
Penicillin is a group of antibiotics which include penicillin G, penicillin V, procaine penicillin, and benzathine penicillin.
Because the drug causes frequent allergic reactions, it is usually combined with an antihistamine.
The adjudin-FSH can be either injected, delivered in an implant, or as a gel.
Other compounds that can be labeled to work as PET radioligands for the study of the serotonin system are, e.g., altanserin and WAY-100635.
It is usually snorted, but can be smoked, injected, or taken orally.
Idarubicin  or 4-demethoxydaunorubicin is an anthracycline antileukemic drug.
Though it was largely superseded in scientific research by volinanserin, glemanserin was investigated clinically for the treatment of generalized anxiety disorder.
It is sold in Europe as a prescription drug, but it is not approved by the Food and Drug Administration for use in the United States.
This medicine is used for analgesic-induced constipation.
6-Methylenedihydrodesoxymorphine is an opiate analogue structurally related to desomorphine that is a derivative of hydromorphone, where the 6-ketone group has been replaced by a methylene group.
Befuraline's active metabolite benzylpiperazine is responsible for its effects.
Intravenous medical use began around the 1950s.
Unlike its derivative prodine, it was not reported to exhibit optical isomerism.
In Australia, it is class A, meaning it has been frequently used in pregnancy and not been found to cause problems to the baby.
Its chemical structure consists of hydrocodone coupled with benzoic acid.
It was also found to block methamphetamine-induced dopaminergic neurotoxicity, an effect which, in contrast to the preceding, was found to be TrkB-dependent.
Amodiaquine is a 4-aminoquinoline compound related to chloroquine.
However, apimostinel is 100-fold more potent by weight and, whereas rapastinel must be administered via intravenous injection, is orally-active.
It is a metabolite of testosterone and dihydrotestosterone.
Results from a phase III trial were announced in March 2013.
AL-38022A is an indazole derivative drug which is one of a range of similar drugs developed for scientific research and with some possible clinical applications.
It was researched as a treatment for Alzheimer's disease under the brand name Ampalex, and was also being examined as a treatment for ADHD.
Unfortunately, in order for bithionol to potently inhibit the soluble adenylyl cyclase enzyme, it requires concentrations that are cytotoxic in vivo.
Bunazosin potentially could have the same effect but there has been no research to substantiate this as a risk for cataract surgery.
TMS is the only anesthetic licensed in the United States for fin fish that are intended for human consumption.
In pure form it is odorless and clear or white in color.
It was discovered and developed by J. Uriach y Cia and is marketed as Rupafin and under several other trade names.
Hexapradol is a psychostimulant drug which was never marketed.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Chemically, benzoctamine belongs to the class of compounds called dibenzobicyclo-octodienes.
Verucerfont is a drug developed by GlaxoSmithKline which acts as a CRF-1 antagonist.
Fenpiprane is a drug used for functional gastrointestinal disorders.
Rare side effects include seizures and allergic reactions.
Rick Strassman labeled it "the spirit molecule".
Thiamylal is a barbiturate derivative invented in the 1950s.
Additionally, in existence are a fixed-dose combination of cobicistat and protease inhibitor darunavir, and a fixed-dose combination of cobicistat and protease inhibitor atazanavir.
It works by blocking the making of protein by the bacteria which usually results in bacterial death.
Some P2Y12 inhibitors are used clinically as effective inhibitors of adenosine diphosphate-mediated platelet activation and aggregation.
Terfenadine itself, however, is cardiotoxic at higher doses, while its major active metabolite is not.
It was previously used for sedation in medical procedures such as surgery, orthopedics and gynecology, although it is no longer in clinical use.
Epiandrosterone can also be converted from the natural steroids androstanediol via 17β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase or from androstanedione via 3β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase.
The ED50 values of 0.5-5.6 µg/kg when introduced IV & 25.1 µg/kg after oral administration.
Roxithromycin is available in Australia, Israel and New Zealand.
Balsalazide is an anti-inflammatory drug used in the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease.
Not until the 2000's was it discovered that etifoxine worked through completely different mechanisms, i.e.. GABA(A) beta subtype selectivity and neurosteroid biosynthesis.
It is used for the treatment of dermatitis and is considered a medium-strength corticosteroid.
It acts as an antagonist at the 5-HT2A receptor, as an inverse agonist at the 5-HT2C receptor, and as a GABA reuptake inhibitor.
Imidafenacin is a urinary antispasmodic of the anticholinergic class.
Oxamniquine was first used medically in 1972.
Enalaprilat is the active metabolite of enalapril.
It is a class III antiarrhythmic drug.
KM-233 is a synthetic cannabinoid drug which is a structural analog of Δ8-tetrahydrocannabinol, the less active but more stable isomer of the active component of Cannabis.
Pioglitazone has been found to be associated with bladder tumors.
Anileridine is a synthetic analgesic drug and is a member of the piperidine class of analgesic agents developed by Merck & Co. in the 1950s.
Bisulepine is marketed in the Czech Republic and Slovakia under the trademark Dithiaden in tablet form.
Prodilidine is an opioid analgesic which is a ring-contracted analogue of prodine.
Benperidol was discovered at Janssen Pharmaceutica in 1961.
It inhibits an enzyme needed for the growth of T cells and B cells.
Aloxiprin is a medical drug used for the treatment of pain and inflammation associated with muscular skeletal and joint disorders.
It may be caused by lack of BBB penetration, or interactions at alternative receptor sites.
Levamlodipine, also known as levoamlodipine or S-amlodipine is a pharmacologically active enantiomer of amlodipine.
Mupirocin, sold under the brand name Bactroban among others, is a topical antibiotic useful against superficial skin infections such as impetigo or folliculitis.
This mix of activities has made these two enantiomers useful for characterising the binding site of the mu opioid receptor.
Piromelatine is a multimodal sleep drug under development by Neurim Pharmaceuticals.
It has never been licensed for medical use and instead only been sold as a designer drug.
Side effects of fentanyl analogs are similar to those of fentanyl itself, which include itching, nausea and potentially serious respiratory depression, which can be life-threatening.
Clobutinol is a cough suppressant distributed by Boehringer-Ingelheim, Novartis's Hexal, Stada and possibly other companies.
Common side effects include blurry vision, redness of the eye, itchiness, and darkening of the iris.
It is also the active component of the prodrug balsalazide along with the inert carrier molecule 4-aminobenzoyl-beta-alanine.
The results of a 2011–2013 combined phase 2/3 trial of olesoxime in spinal muscular atrophy indicated that the compound may prevent deterioration of muscle function.
In those already infected the vaccines are not effective.
Fox Foundation and preclinical data was published describing the activity of befiradol in animal models of Parkinson's disease.
Nadroparin is used in general and orthopedic surgery to prevent thromboembolic disorders, and as treatment for deep vein thrombosis.
It was developed in Japan and first described in 1992.
The vaccine is one of the H1N1 vaccines approved for use by the European Commission in September 2009 upon the recommendations of the European Medicines Agency.
Due to impairment of vitamin B12 absorption during aging, people over age 60 are at risk of deficiency.
Subjects with SEs had significantly higher plasma levels of farampator than subjects without SEs.
Moreover, AdipoRon has been found to extend the lifespans of db/db mice fed a high-fat diet, as well as improve exercise endurance.
Ensaculin is a drug from the coumarin family, which has been researched as a potential treatment for dementia.
It also inhibits biosynthesis and action of those prostaglandins which cause platelet disaggregation, vasodilation and increased capillary permeability.
It was discovered by Tu Youyou, a Chinese scientist, who was awarded half of the 2015 Nobel Prize in Medicine for her discovery.
4-Fluoroethcathinone is a stimulant of the cathinone class and structural analog of flephedrone that has been sold as designer drug.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
However it does impair short-term memory, and counteracts stress-induced anorexia.
The effectiveness of orlistat in promoting weight loss is definite but modest.
This may include altered awareness of the surroundings, perceptions, and feelings as well as sensations and images that seem real though they are not.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is between US$0.003 and US$0.15 per dose.
It should not be used in people with a bowel obstruction or glaucoma.
Altinicline is a drug which acts as an agonist at neural nicotinic acetylcholine receptors with high selectivity for the α4β2 subtype.
It is used as a liquid or powder.
Like lapatinib and afatinib, it is a dual inhibitor of the human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 and epidermal growth factor receptor kinases.
Protokylol is a β-adrenergic receptor agonist used as a bronchodilator in Europe and the United States.
It has also been studied for the treatment of asthma.
As with prodine, there are two isomers of meprodine, alpha-meprodine and beta-meprodine, with the alpha isomer having been more widely used.
It was first sold under the brand name Dolobid, marketed by Merck & Co., but generic versions are now widely available.
It appears to be safe for use during breastfeeding.
It was initially developed by Cardiome Pharma, and the intravenous formulation was bought for further development by Merck in April 2009.
Its primary use is as an antiseptic in solutions of 0.1%.
Methyllycaconitine has been explored as a possible therapeutic agent for the treatment of spastic paralyses in man, and it has been shown to have insecticidal properties.
Cebaracetam is a chemical in the racetam family.
In June 2008, it was announced that Onglyza would be the trade name under which saxagliptin will be marketed.
BINA decreases cocaine self-administration in rats, with no effect on food self-administration, and is in regard to this discrimination superior to the mGluR2/3 agonist LY-379,268
Cerlapirdine is a drug which was under development by Wyeth/Pfizer for the treatment of cognitive disorders associated with Alzheimer's disease and schizophrenia.
It was first isolated from the ergot fungus by Arthur Stoll at Sandoz in 1918 and marketed as Gynergen in 1921.
It is a human IgG4 anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody.
After intravenous administration the onset of analgesia is as little as 1–2 minutes, which may be related to its great lipophilicity.
with inhaled corticosteroid fluticasone furoate — fluticasone furoate/vilanterol, Relvar Ellipta)
Catumaxomab is a rat-mouse hybrid monoclonal antibody which is used to treat malignant ascites, a condition occurring in patients with metastasizing cancer.
How it works is not entirely clear.
Methylthiouracil is not used clinically in the United States, it has a similar mechanism of action and side effect to that of propylthiouricil.
Ciglitazone is a potent and selective PPARγ ligand.
About 84% of the world population is vaccinated.
Natalizumab is administered by intravenous infusion every 28 days.
It was planned to be a follow-up compound to ranitidine.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 5.56 to 7.98 USD per 50-mg vial.
It is still largely produced via fermentation broths of that organism.
SGTX is a colorless crystalline substance with the chemical formula C25H26BrN5O13 and a molecular weight of 684.4g/mol.
It is sold in Poland as Noctofer.
It is available as a generic medication.
Additional doses may be given to older children and adults.
Dalbavancin is a semisynthetic lipoglycopeptide that was designed to improve upon the natural glycopeptides currently available, vancomycin and teicoplanin.
Naphthylisopropylamine is an experimental drug currently under investigation for the treatment of alcohol and stimulant addiction.
It works by interfering with the duplication of DNA and the creation of RNA.
It acts as a centrally-acting α1 and α2 adrenergic receptor antagonist.
In accordance, likely due to increases in sex steroid levels, puberty has also been found to significantly augment the GH-elevating actions of examorelin in humans.
Streptomycin is in the aminoglycoside class of medication.
Zacopride also stimulated aldosterone secretion when applied to human adrenal glands in vitro.
The mechanism for this is complex and may be separate from its delta agonist effects.
It has negligible affinity for the 5-HT2C receptor.
It is unclear if use is safe during pregnancy or breastfeeding.
Other side effects include tiredness and depression.
ALPHA or alpha-ethyl-3,4-methylenedioxybenzylamine, is a lesser-known psychedelic drug and a substituted benzylamine.
It is resistant to some beta-lactamases, but is inactivated by extended-spectrum beta-lactamases.
Ipriflavone has been described as a phytoestrogen.
Anisodine acts as a muscarinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist and α1-adrenergic receptor agonist.
CGS-9896 is a benzodiazepine receptor partial agonist, which produces long-lasting anxiolytic and anticonvulsant effects in animal studies, but does not produce sedative effects.
Famprofazone has been known to produce methamphetamine as an active metabolite, with 15-20% of an oral dose being converted to it.
Megazol is a nitroimidazole based drug that cures some protozoan infections.
When applied to the skin side effects include itchiness, redness, and blisters.
Ro15-4513 is a weak partial inverse agonist of the benzodiazepine class of drugs, developed by Hoffmann–La Roche in the 1980s.
Dinaciclib is an experimental drug that inhibits cyclin-dependent kinases.
In a small, randomized phase II study, elesclomol was shown to significantly increase progression-free survival in people with metastatic melanoma when given in addition to paclitaxel.
It is used along with exercise, diet, and weight loss to decrease elevated lipid levels.
Severe side effects include high blood lactate, pancreatitis, and an enlarged liver.
It has thermogenic and anorectic effects in animal studies, making it potentially useful for the treatment of obesity.
Elvucitabine is similar in chemical structure to the FDA-approved NRTIs lamivudine and emtricitabine.
Thiofentanyl is made with the same synthetic route as fentanyl, but by substituting 2-(2-bromoethyl)thiophene for phenethyl bromide in the synthesis.
M-CSF binds to the colony stimulating factor 1 receptor.
It typically begins working within an hour.
It is currently only Food and Drug Administration approved for the treatment of postoperative ileus which it received in May 2008.
The 3,6 methyl di-ether of morphine is thebaine.
Miglustat is a drug developed by Oxford GlycoSciences and marketed by Actelion and is used primarily to treat type I Gaucher disease.
Olaratumab is a monoclonal antibody developed by Eli Lilly and Company for the treatment of solid tumors.
It was first synthesized by a team at Hoffmann-La Roche in 1962.
APP-FUBINACA is an indazole-based synthetic cannabinoid that has been sold online as a designer drug.
Enadoline is a drug which acts as a highly selective κ-opioid agonist.
How it works is not entirely clear but believed to involve blocking the action of thymidylate synthase and thus stopping the production of DNA.
Meclofenamic acid is a drug used for joint, muscular pain, arthritis and dysmenorrhea.
Vestipitant is a drug developed by GlaxoSmithKline which acts as a selective antagonist for the NK1 receptor.
The drug was first synthesised in the first years of the 20th Century in what was then the Austro-Hungarian Empire, as were nicomorphine and nicodicodeine.
It is a narcotic analgesic used orally for relief of moderate to severe pain, but also commonly taken in liquid form as an antitussive/cough suppressant.
While harm during pregnancy has not been found, it has not been well studied in this population.
Those with kidney problems may require a decrease in dose.
Piperacetazine is an antipsychotic prodrug, most notably used for schizophrenia.
It is an anti-CD5 antibody which is linked to the A chain of the ricin protein.
When enough of the population is immunized, it may protect those who have not been immunized.
Solid variants are used as ointment bases, tablet bindings, film coatings and lubricants.
There is no clinical evidence that THC breaks down naturally into CBN once the THC has become decarboxylated and forms delta-9 THC.
This natural product falls in the class of iridoid glycosides, which are simply monoterpenes with a glucose molecule attached.
It has historically been used for treating urinary tract infections, caused, for example, by Escherichia coli, Proteus, Shigella, Enterobacter, and Klebsiella.
Golimumab targets tumor necrosis factor alpha, a pro-inflammatory molecule and hence is a TNF inhibitor.
Cinepazide or cinepazide maleate is a vasodilator used in China for the treatment of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases, and peripheral vascular diseases.
D-161 is a chemical known in research circles as a triple reuptake inhibitor.
However, there is only low-strength evidence that it can improve the ability to exercise.
QMPSB was first discovered by Lambeng and colleagues in 2007.
It is most often used as the salt with niacin, known as xantinol nicotinate.
Iodixanol is an iodine-containing non-ionic radiocontrast agent.
Common side effects include vomiting, constipation, itchiness, lightheadedness, and drowsiness.
Amobarbital withdrawal mimics delirium tremens and may be life-threatening.
Both exhibit optical isomerism and alphaprodine and betaprodine are racemates.
This drug is barely used in horses, goats, sheep, and cattle.
Like other atypical antipsychotics, it has activity at dopamine and serotonin receptors in the brain.
Hence, acetylmethadol has four possible optical isomers.
Propylbarbital, also known as 5,5-dipropylbarbituric acid, is a barbiturate derivative used as a hypnotic drug.
Brincidofovir was administered to the first patient diagnosed in the Ebola virus disease outbreak in the US in 2014.
In tests on mice FGI-103 was effective against both Ebola and Marburg viruses when administered up to 48 hours after infection.
PPPA, or 3-phenoxy-3-phenylpropan-1-amine, is a drug which is described as an antidepressant.
It is closely related to fluprazine and batoprazine, which are similarly acting drugs.
Compared to the large number of prescriptions, relatively few individuals increase their dose on their own initiative or engage in drug-seeking behavior.
The structures and absolute stereochemistries of both metabolites were elucidated using a combination of NMR spectroscopy and X-ray crystallography, and are considered unique for two reasons:
Menotropin is a hormonally active medication for the treatment of fertility disturbances.
It is marketed by the pharmaceutical company Boehringer Ingelheim.
Similarly to p-hydroxybenzoic acid, paroxypropione has been found to possess antioxidant activity.
MT-45 became a class A drug in the UK on 11 March 2015
Metopon is sometimes used in medicine, although longer acting than hydromorphone, Metopon is less potent and its oral bioavailability is fairly low.
Pyridostigmine is available as a generic medication.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 1.61 to 4.88 USD per 10 ml bottle.
In-vitro it reduces collagen synthesis in fibroblasts, and inhibits growth of neurofibroma cells.
Fazadinium bromide is a muscle relaxant which acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist through neuromuscular blockade.
Lansoprazole has been marketed for many years and is one of several PPIs available.
Serious side effects may include low blood pressure and heart failure.
It is not widely used in humans as it has a high rate of gastrointestinal side effects.
It belongs to the class of the arginin-glycin-aspartat-mimetics and reversibly binds to platelets.
Clinically, quinupramine is reported to be stimulating similarly to imipramine, desipramine, and demexiptiline.
It may appear as a tan grainy powder.
The number represents the average molecular mass.
Nilvadipine is a calcium channel blocker used for the treatment of hypertension and chronic major cerebral artery occlusion.
It is available in some Asian and European countries as a generic.
Curacin A has been shown to interact with colchicine binding sites on tubulin, which inhibits microtubule polymerization, an essential process for cell division and proliferation.
Ranbaxy started a Phase II clinical trial of arterolane, in combination with piperaquine in 2009 that published in 2015.
A number of different formulations are available globally.
Flephedrone, also known as 4-fluoromethcathinone, is a stimulant drug of the cathinone chemical class that has been sold online as a designer drug starting in 2008.
Most often taken in pill form, it is usually taken orally once or twice a day.
This drug was developed by Bristol-Myers Squibb and Medarex
In several clinical trials, clocapramine has been compared to other neuroleptic agents.
Mibefradil is a drug for the treatment of hypertension and chronic angina pectoris.
Substitution with the 4-fluorine markedly increased 5-HT1A selectivity over 5-HT2A/2C receptors with potency greater than that of the 5-HT1A agonist 8-OH-DPAT.
It was investigated as an antidepressant, but was never marketed.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 6.36 USD a month.
It produces amphetamine as an active metabolite.
Telavancin is a bactericidal lipoglycopeptide for use in MRSA or other Gram-positive infections.
It is linked to pendetide, a derivative of DTPA.
Ethamoxytriphetol is a synthetic, nonsteroidal antiestrogen that was studied clinically in the late 1950s and early 1960s but was never marketed.
On July 31, 2008, Sanofi-Aventis announced that it has decided to discontinue development of amibegron.
Meat is mainly composed of water, protein, and fat.
Montelukast comes as a tablet, a chewable tablet, flash tablet and granules to take by mouth.
In the United States it costs 25 to 50 USD per month.
Hyperforin is a phytochemical produced by some of the members of the plant genus Hypericum, notably Hypericum perforatum.
It also inhibits VEGF-induced angiogenesis in a murine implant model.
It has similar effects to sedative-hypnotic benzodiazepine drugs such as triazolam, but is structurally distinct and so is classed as a nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic.
It has been investigated for its effect on AMPA receptors.
It has thus far progressed as far as phase IIb/phase III clinical trials.
Ruthenium, unlike traditional platinum complexes such as cisplatin, shows greater resistance to hydrolysis and more selective action on tumors.
Amlodipine is a long acting calcium channel blocker of the dihydropyridine type.
Lasmiditan is an investigational drug for the treatment of acute migraine.
α-Methyldopamine, also known as 3,4-dihydroxyamphetamine, is a neurotoxin and research chemical of the catecholamine and amphetamine chemical classes.
Unlike thromboxane synthase inhibitors such as ozagrel, seratrodast does not affect thrombus formation, time to occlusion and bleeding time.
U0126 is a highly selective inhibitor of both MEK1 and MEK2, a type of MAPK/ERK kinase.
It is a potent agonist of the CB1 receptor and CB2 receptor and fully substitutes for Δ9-THC in rat discrimination studies, while being 16x more potent.
It has effects comparable to those of barbiturates such as secobarbital, but is only around 1/3 the potency of secobarbital as a sedative.
The medication is most commonly used in its acetate form.
This includes breast cancer, bladder cancer, Kaposi's sarcoma, lymphoma, and acute lymphocytic leukemia.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Tiludronic acid is a bisphosphonate used for treatment of Paget's disease of bone in human medicine.
Dibromotyrosine is an antithyroid preparation and a derivative of the natural amino acid tyrosine.
Pyrvinium salts can also inhibit the growth of cancer cells.
One-year data from one phase III trial was disappointing.
In the Nordic countries, it has been widely used in that indication since the 1970s.
Compared to other NSAIDs it may have fewer side effects such as gastrointestinal bleeding.
In addition to its activity as an SPRM, the drug also has some antiglucocorticoid activity.
In the United States as of 2015 the 10 mg pill costs between 4.84 and 7.88 USD.
GPI-anchored HYAL2 is responsible for cleaving high-molecular weight HA, which is mostly bound to the CD44 receptor.
5HT-3 receptors are responsible for causing many things from nausea to excess bowel movements.
In fact, PAL-287 causes no locomotor activation at all.
Cilnidipine is approved for use in Japan, China, India, Korea, and some European countries to treat hypertension.
GHB is also produced as a result of fermentation, and is found in small quantities in some beers and wines, beef and small citrus fruits.
It is generally taken by mouth but may also be used by injection into a vein.
The drug has been developed by Orion Pharma.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is between US$0.08 and US$0.32 per dose.
CBiPES is a drug used in scientific research that acts as a selective positive allosteric modulator for the metabotropic glutamate receptor group II subtype mGluR2.
Nortetrazepam is a drug which is a benzodiazepine derivative, one of the major metabolites of tetrazepam.
It is often used in the management of hypertension and edema.
Due to its strong sedative properties, it is primarily used as a hypnotic.
PNU-120596 is a drug that acts as a potent and selective positive allosteric modulator for the α7 subtype of neural nicotinic acetylcholine receptors.
Orbifloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic which is approved for use in dogs, marketed by Schering-Plough Animal Health.
It is considered to be a moderately strong muscle relaxant, with relatively low incidence of side effects.
Unlike most injectable AAS, stanozolol is not esterified and is sold as an aqueous suspension, or in oral tablet form.
Inhaled epinephrine may be used to improve the symptoms of croup.
It is in the third generation cephalosporin class of medications.
In 2010 the US rights were sold to Warner Chilcott for 400 million US$.
Common side effects when taken by mouth include nausea, diarrhea, headache, cough, rash, and elevated liver enzymes.
It does this by binding to alpha and beta receptors.
It was developed by a team at Maruishi Pharmaceutica.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
It is described as producing long-lasting activation of the TrkB receptor and downstream signaling kinases associated with the receptor.
Pseudotropine is a derivative of tropane and an isomer of tropine
In the United States in 2011, 28 million prescriptions for lorazepam were filled making it the second most prescribed benzodiazepine after alprazolam.
In the U.S., it is an illegal Schedule I drug, with no medical use and poor safety profile.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 0.18 to 0.33 USD for a course of treatment.
Daptomycin is a lipopeptide antibiotic used in the treatment of systemic and life-threatening infections caused by Gram-positive organisms.
Inotuzumab ozogamicin is an antibody-drug conjugate for the treatment of cancers.
Other severe side effects include heart failure, allergic reactions, and lung disease.
Quinine is a medication used to treat malaria and babesiosis.
It is the 8-amino acid C-terminal fragment of cholecystokinin, and also known as CCK-8.
MK-2048 is a second generation integrase inhibitor, intended to be used against HIV infection.
The HPV strains that Gardasil protects against are sexually transmitted.
The most common side effects are increased blood creatine phosphokinase, myalgia and anaphylactic reactions.
Disulfiram should be used in conjunction with counseling and support.
Chemically, it is a propionic acid derivative.
It was approved for marketing in France in 1991.
Impulse wavelength is the product of the conduction velocity and the effective refractory period.
It affects the neurotransmitter glutamate, with trials showing the drug improves cognitive functioning and memory.
A common potential adverse effect is skin atrophy.
A 2009–2011 phase 3 clinical trial of olesoxime in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis did not demonstrate a significant increase in survival versus placebo.
Rats trained to discriminate 8 mg/kg cocaine from saline generalized 4-methylaminorex to cocaine-stimulus.
In animals, melatonin is involved in the entrainment of the circadian rhythms including sleep-wake timing, blood pressure regulation, seasonal reproduction, and many others.
Carbamazepine appears to work as well as phenytoin and valproate.
Acedapsone is an antimicrobial drug, which also has antimalarial activity.
Its onset of analgesia is said to be 20–30 minutes and peak effects are seen about 1.5–2 hours after oral administration.
It is one of several topical medications used to reduce elevated intraocular pressure associated with primary glaucoma in cats, dogs, and other animals.
However, from animal studies it is known that pFPP, unlike niaprazine, does not produce sedative effects, and instead exerts a behavioral profile indicative of serotonergic activation.
Quazepam is a relatively long-acting benzodiazepine derivative drug developed by the Schering Corporation in the 1970s.
It has analgesic effects in animal studies, particularly against "atypical" pain such as hyperalgesia and allodynia.
Betrixaban is currently being studied in a human clinical trial for extended duration thromboprophylaxis to prevent venous thromboembolism in acute medically ill patients.
Bradanicline is a drug which was being developed by Targacept that acts as a partial agonist at the α7 subtype of the neural nicotinic acetylcholine receptors.
Atenolol is one of the most widely used β-blockers in the United Kingdom and was once the first-line treatment for hypertension.
Aripiprazole lauroxil was approved by the U.S. FDA on 5 October 2015.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
However, the muraglitazar group had a higher all-cause mortality, greater incidence of edema and heart failure and more weight gain compared to the pioglitazone group.
It appears to have a steep dose-response curve  making it particularly hazardous, more so than even fentanyl.
Thebacon is a derivative of acetyldihydrocodeine, where only the 6-7 double bond is saturated.
Tiagabine is an anticonvulsant medication used in the treatment of epilepsy that is produced by Cephalon.
3-Monoacetylmorphine or 3-acetylmorphine is a less active metabolite of heroin, the other two being morphine and more active 6-monoacetylmorphine.
Catecholamine biosynthesis starts with dietary tyrosine, which is hydroxylated by the enzyme tyrosine hydroxylase.
Ganitumab a human monoclonal antibody against type 1 insulin-like growth factor receptor, designed for the treatment of cancers.
It is also often combined with lidocaine as a topical preparation for dermal anesthesia, for treatment of conditions like paresthesia.
Also known by the genericised trade name eucodeine, and the salt name also sometimes given as methobromide, this drug was first synthesised in Austria-Hungary in 1903.
Dactinomycin was approved for medical use in the United States in 1964.
Butriptyline is a tricyclic antidepressant which has been used in Europe since 1974.
Streptomycin is an antibiotic used to treat a number of bacterial infections.
XTL ran a PhaseIIb clinical trial for pain caused by diabetic neuropathy, which failed in 2008; XTL terminated the agreement in 2010.
Isradipine is a calcium channel blocker of the dihydropyridine class.
Cefaloglycin INN is a first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic.
The rights to the drug belong to the Russian pharmaceutical company NPK ECHO.
It is derivative of the substituted phenethylamine 2C-I.
It is available as sodium iothalamate and meglumine iothalamate.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 10.99 USD per 50 ml vial.
It also demonstrate a beta blocker-like activity that result in reduction of heart rate however shows opposing effect on tracheal tissue response.
Probucol is an anti-hyperlipidemic drug initially developed in the treatment of coronary artery disease.
They contain a mixture of thyroid hormones: T4 & T3, in the proportions usually present in pig thyroids.
It is the first approved, chemically modified erythropoiesis-stimulating agent.
Metabutoxycaine, marketed under the trade name Primacaine, is a local anesthetic.
It has also been investigated for the treatment of other addictions such as pathological gambling.
Acediasulfone is an antimicrobial drug, which also has antimalarial activity.
Metformin is believed to be the most widely used medication for diabetes which is taken by mouth It is available as a generic medication.
It was developed by Eisai Co. and acts as a multiple kinase inhibitor against the VEGFR1, VEGFR2 and VEGFR3 kinases.
Side effects are generally more common in interferon-containing regimens.
Under the trade name Robaxin, it is marketed by Actient Pharmaceuticals in the United States and Pfizer in Canada.
It is marketed in the US as Arranon and as Atriance in the EU by Novartis.
It is also listed as having antidepressant and anticonvulsant properties.
FUBIMINA is a synthetic cannabinoid that is the benzimidazole analog of AM-2201 and has been used as an active ingredient in synthetic cannabis products.
Anilopam is an opioid analgesic of the benzazepine class which was developed by Pentwell in the 1960s but was never marketed.
It appears to be safe in pregnancy.
Insulin can be made from the pancreas of pigs or cows.
Eprosartan is sometimes paired with hydrochlorothiazide, whereupon it is marketed in the US as Teveten HCT and elsewhere as Teveten Plus.
5,6-Methylenedioxy-N-methyl-2-aminoindane, is a drug developed in the 1990s by a team led by David E. Nichols at Purdue University.
Blosozumab binds SOST, a negative regulator of osteoblast activity.
It is used in veterinary medicine in livestock to increase muscle growth and appetite.
3-Methylfentanyl has similar effects to fentanyl, but is far more potent due to increased binding affinity to its target site.
It appears to be safe to use during pregnancy.
It has anorectic effects in animal studies and has been researched as a potential weight loss drug for use in humans.
Dimethylphenylpiperazinium is a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist which is selective for the ganglionic subtype.
It is a dissociative anesthetic drug with psychostimulant and hallucinogenic effects.
Zosuqidar was initially characterized by Syntex Corporation, which was acquired by Roche in 1990.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
There is no evidence of any long term beneficial effects on survival.
As a recreational drug, 4-FA is sometimes sold along with related compounds such as 2-fluoroamphetamine and 4-fluoromethamphetamine.
Marketing of the drug began in 1992 by the pharmaceutical company SmithKline Beecham, known since 2000 as GlaxoSmithKline.
It is a higher homologue of 4-Methylmethcathinone and 4-Methylbuphedrone, and the p-Methyl analogue of Pentedrone.
"Merck’s behavioral psychopharmacology screening program finally identified one highly promising new antidepressant.
This includes herpes simplex infections; cluster headaches and migraine; and knee osteoarthritis.
Vinflunine is a novel fluorinated vinca alkaloid derivative undergoing research for the treatment of bladder cancer.
It is also sometimes known as DuP 941.
Penicillamine works by binding heavy metals such that they can be removed from the body in the urine.
Formoterol or eformoterol is a long-acting β2 agonist used in the management of asthma and COPD.
Commercially it is made from one of a number of different types of bacteria.
It causes ototoxicity, which is why it is no longer used in humans.
The wholesale cost of a pentavalent vaccine which includes Hib in the developing world was 15.40 USD per dose as of 2014.
Clarithromycin can be taken by mouth as a pill or liquid.
Granisetron was developed by chemists working at the British drug company Beecham around 1988 and is available as a generic.
It acts as a vasodilator and was designed as a therapy for patients with acute heart failure.
Butabarbital is also sold in combination with belladonna alkaloids under the brand name Butibel.
Metizolam is a thienotriazolodiazepine that is the demethylated analogue of the closely related etizolam.
Ephedrine works by turning on the α and β adrenergic receptors.
Chemically speaking, the drug is an analog of the enzyme that is deficient in patients affected by Pompe disease, alpha-glucosidase.
Duligotuzumab is a humanized IgG1 monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of cancer.
Other severe side effects include heart disease and tissue death at the site of injection.
It has reasonable selectivity for the CB2 receptor subtype, having a CB2 affinity of 0.4nM, and 25x selectivity over the related CB1 receptor.
Methoxetamine, or 3-MeO-2'-oxo-PCE is a dissociative drug that has been sold as a designer drug.
It is used by mouth or injection into a muscle or under the skin
It is the anti-CD138 chimerized MAb linked to the maytansinoid DM4.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
This drug is proprietary to Biosensors International, which uses it in its own drug-eluting stents, and licenses it to partners such as Terumo.
It is photoactivated at 652 nm i.e.
Increased serum bilirubin increases renal clearance, decreases hepatic uptake and increases visualization time, thus a higher dose of 3 to 10 mCi is recommended.
Researchers have attempted to use a carbon-labeled form of nisoxetine for positron emission tomography imaging of the norepinephrine transporter, with little success.
Sifalimumab is a human monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of SLE, dermatomyositis, and polymyositis.
It is unclear if use during pregnancy is safe for the baby.
It was used so widely during the Second World War that May & Baker had difficulty keeping up with demand.
The long-term use of dexamethasone may result in thrush, bone loss, cataracts, easy bruising, or muscle weakness.
The discovery of neomycin dates back to 1949.
2C-B-FLY is a psychedelic phenethylamine of the 2C family.
Naltrexone is a medication that stops the activity of opioids.
The target of the antibody is uncertain and is described as "human colorectal and pancreatic carcinoma-associated antigens", a set of tumor antigens isolated from human cancers.
The compound has ED50 values of 0.02 mg/kg and 0.21 mg/kg in mouse phenylquinone writhing and tail-flick assays.
Hydroxypethidine is significantly less potent than meperidine as an analgesic, although it also has NMDA antagonist properties like its close relative ketobemidone.
It has also been shown to alleviate signs and symptoms of dry eyes in a randomised controlled trial although this is not yet widely available clinically.
Trifluoperazine, sold under a number of brand names, is a typical antipsychotic primarily used to treat schizophrenia.
Quinaprilat is the active metabolite of quinapril.
The drug reached Phase III but was never marketed; mainly because it couldn't be administered orally, and injection into the peritoneum caused peritonitis.
Papaveretum is a preparation containing a mixture of hydrochloride salts of opium alkaloids.
The latter is listed as being up to 30,000 times more potent than morphine.
It was the first complex natural product to be fully synthesized, in work reported by 1940 by Bachmann and Wilds.
However, it is expected to be marketed soon.
A subcutaneous injection formulation of the drug has completed a Phase III trial for osteoporosis.
It has also been licensed to Amgen for development as a therapy for Asthma.
It is the first dicarboxylate-containing ACE inhibitor and was developed partly to overcome these limitations of captopril.
Polycarbophil calcium is a drug used as a stool stabilizer.
Dimetindene is an antihistamine/anticholinergic that is a selective H1 antagonist.
It is intended for once-daily oral administration.
Thalidomide became an over-the-counter drug in West Germany on October 1, 1957.
It is often used when viewing intracranial lesions with abnormal vascularity or abnormalities in the blood–brain barrier.
This includes ascariasis, pinworm disease, hookworm infections, guinea worm infections, hydatid disease, and giardia, among others.
Since acetyldihydrocodeine has higher lipophilicity than codeine and is converted into dihydromorphine rather than morphine, it can be expected to be more potent and longer-lasting.
Volasertib is an experimental small molecule inhibitor of the PLK1 protein being developed by Boehringer Ingelheim for use as an anti-cancer agent.
ITF2357 was discovered at Italfarmaco of Milan, Italy.
Greater care is required in older people and those with poor kidney function.
The wholesale cost in the developing world of a typical dose by mouth is between US$0.02 and US$0.16 as of 2014.
The compound occurs as a white odorless solid, although commercial samples can be off-white and possess a slightly phenolic odor.
It has a density of 1.73 g/cm3.
The vaccine is very safe including during pregnancy and in those with HIV/AIDS.
It is marketed under the trade name Neumega.
As of 2016 the target of the compound was unknown but it appeared to promote neurogenesis in rodents.
Piperoxan, also known as benodaine, is a drug which was the very first antihistamine to be discovered.
Phenelzine is a non-selective and irreversible monoamine oxidase inhibitor of the hydrazine class which is used as an antidepressant and anxiolytic.
It is usually white to yellowish in appearance, and may take the form of a powder or a tablet.
Another relative is UWA-104, which is also active.
It inhibits xanthine oxidase, thus reducing production of uric acid in the body.
Milbemycin oxime is a veterinary drug from the group of milbemycins, used as a broad spectrum antiparasitic.
In lower concentrations, it acts in a bacteriostatic manner; that is, it inhibits growth and reproduction.
Obinutuzumab is a humanized anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody, originated by GlycArt Biotechnology AG and developed by Roche as a cancer treatment.
Metapramine has desipramine-like effects, acting as a norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor without affecting the reuptake of serotonin or dopamine.
Verdamicin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic produced by Micromonospora grisea.
It is used to treat vaginal yeast infections, oral thrush, diaper rash, pityriasis versicolor, and types of ringworm including athlete's foot and jock itch.
This then results in increased synthesis of RNA in many different tissues in the body.
It is sold under a number of brand names including Betadine.
The authors were not satisfied just to drop venlafaxine from development and continued with their study of the compounds biological activity data.
It acts as both a selective α2 adrenergic receptor antagonist, and an antagonist for the imidazoline receptor.
ADH-1 is a small, cyclic pentapeptide vascular-targeting drug.
It is a pentapeptide with the amino acid sequence Aib-His-D-2-Nal-D-Phe-Lys-NH2 that was derived from GHRP-1.
Ifoxetine is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor which was investigated as an antidepressant in the 1980s but was never marketed.
It works by disrupting the duplication of DNA and the creation of RNA.
It was approved in Japan in 2012 for the treatment of relapsed or refractory adult T-cell leukemia/lymphoma.
Produced by Madaus, it is not available in the US, and does not seem to be available in Europe either.
Under the trade name Spasmalgan, it has also been used in humans for the treatment of urogenital and gastrointestinal spasms.
In animal models of Parkinson's disease, brasofensine was effective in stimulating LMA and reversing akinesia.
Clinical development has progressed as far as Phase II human trials with two studies in patients with mood disorders registered in ClinicalTrials.gov.
It was launched in 1995, under the brand name Landel.
NPH insulin, also known as isophane insulin, is an intermediate–acting insulin given to help control blood sugar levels in people with diabetes.
It is an analog of 1,25-dihydroxyergocalciferol, the active form of vitamin D2.
It acts on the glutamatergic system by blocking NMDA receptors.
Ouabain is a cardiac glycoside and in lower doses, can be used medically to treat hypotension and some arrhythmias.
Metizoline is a nasal decongestant against allergic and vasomotor rhinitis.
It has been found to be effective when norepinephrine does not help.
It is an isomer of propylamphetamine and was discovered by a team at Astra Laekemedel AB.
Cefuroxime axetil is an acetoxyetyl-ester-prodrug of cefuroxime which is effective orally.
Dextromethorphan has also found numerous other uses in medicine, ranging from pain relief over psychological applications to the treatment of addiction.
Axelopran is a drug which is under development by Theravance Biopharma for the treatment of opioid-induced constipation.
Dimethylcathinone was evaluated as an appetite suppressant and for the treatment of hypotension, but was never widely marketed.
Common side effects include dry mouth, cough, and inflammation of the airways.
The pancreas is also known as a mixed gland.
This compound is an ion-exchange resin that can not be absorbed by the body.
The wholesale cost in the developing world as of 2014 is 0.003 to 0.08 USD per pill.
Siramesine is a sigma receptor agonist, selective for the σ2 subtype.
It is a glycylcycline that is administered intravenously.
Moreover, the discovery of ketamine by Parke-Davis researchers was thought to represent a better-tolerated alternative for use as an anesthetic medication.
It has been used for Albright syndrome.
Chlorambucil is in the alkylating agent family of medications.
It works by causing the smooth muscle in the bladder to relax.
Adverse effects included feelings of impaired morning vitality and upon discontinuing the drug benzodiazepine withdrawal symptoms of anxiety, impaired concentration and impaired morning vitality were experienced.
Alprenolol, or alfeprol, alpheprol, and alprenololum, is a non-selective beta blocker as well as 5-HT1A receptor antagonist, used in the treatment of angina pectoris.
Sodium hyaluronate is the sodium salt of hyaluronic acid, a glycosaminoglycan found in various connective tissue of humans.
All vaccines protect against at least HPV type 16 and 18 that cause the greatest risk of cervical cancer.
In veterinary medicine, it is used to control urinary incontinence in dogs under trade names Propalin and Proin.
In 2017, the FDA concluded that canagliflozin causes an increased risk of leg and foot amputations.
This paper further claims that the dosage and tolerance of the compound have been confirmed in a French multi-center study of 5,361 outpatients.
Chemically, oportuzumab it is a single chain variable fragment of a monoclonal antibody which binds to epithelial cell adhesion molecule.
4'-Methoxy-α-pyrrolidinopentiophenone is a stimulant drug of the cathinone class that has been sold online as a designer drug.
Nicocodeine is an opioid analgesic and cough suppressant, an ester of codeine closely related to dihydrocodeine and the codeine analogue of nicomorphine.
Cabozantinib will be distributed in Europe by the French pharmaceutical company Ipsen after a collaboration was reached with Exelixis in March 2016.
Alovudine was an antiviral agent being developed by Medivir, which was discontinued after a Phase II trial in 2005 due to toxicity.
It is a combination of clofexamide, an antidepressant, and phenylbutazone, a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug.
Amrinone or inamrinone, trade name Inocor, is a pyridine phosphodiesterase 3 inhibitor.
Lerner subsequently went on to be involved in the discovery of clomifene, the first considerably antiestrogenic TPE derivative to be characterized.
Technetium arcitumomab is a drug used for the diagnostic imaging of colorectal cancers, marketed by Immunomedics.
In animal drug discrimination tests it substituted for dextroamphetamine more closely than either 3- or 4-methylamphetamine, although with only around 1/10 the potency of dextroamphetamine itself.
One dose of vaccine prevents 95% of moderate disease and 100% of severe disease.
This is in contrast to gramicidin S, which is a cyclic peptide chain.
CUMYL-PINACA is an indazole-3-carboxamide based synthetic cannabinoid.
It was formulated as a salt with ethanesulfonic acid and given the generic name trazium esilate.
Unlike zolpidem however, alpidem does not produce sedative effects at normal doses, and is instead used specifically for the treatment of anxiety.
Consequently, phenazocine is some 4x the potency of morphine as an analgesic.
Binaltorphimine is a selective antagonist of the κ-opioid receptor.
In July 2017, it was announced that a phase II clinical trial with 220 patients failed to meet its primary effectiveness endpoint in MDD.
It may also increase the risk of yeast infections and, when used in combination with clavulanic acid, diarrhea.
Tranexamic appears to be safe for use during pregnancy and breastfeeding.
Subsequently N-isopropyl addition led to development as an antidepressant and was approved for use in 1958.
Other serious side effects include shortness of breath.
Its sedative effects are relatively weak compared to other first-generation antihistamines.
Pfizer acquired the drug upon its acquisition of Vicuron in the fall of 2005.
Trimebutine is a drug with antimuscarinic and weak mu opioid agonist effects.
PUGNAc is a 1,5-hydroximolactone, acting as an inhibitor of a variety of N-acetylhexosaminidases.
Tiotroprium was discovered in 1991 and came to market in 2004.
Tavaborole began its Phase 3 trials in December 2010 and was approved by the US FDA in July 2014.
U-90042 is a sedative and hypnotic drug used in scientific research.
It was approved in Japan for PDT of lung cancer and marketed as Laserphyrin.
Nivolumab, marketed as Opdivo, is a medication used to treat cancer.
Dextromethorphan - An over-the-counter cough suppressant, as well as dissociative hallucinogen.
The pathway is very similar to the pathway of benzoic acid excretion as hippuric acid.
Milrinone use following cardiac surgery has been under some debate because of the potential increase risk of postoperative atrial arrhythmias.
Cimetidine was discovered in 1971 and came into commercial use in 1977.
SNAP-7941 is a drug used in scientific research, which is a selective, non-peptide antagonist at the melanin concentrating hormone receptor MCH1.
Indeed, it produces amphetamine as a metabolite, and amphetamine concentrations are far higher than mesocarb concentrations in human urine 22 hours post-administration.
DHEC, like other dopamine agonists, aims to mimic the endogenous neurotransmitter and exert an antiparkinsonian effect.
It is the only confirmed pharmacologically active metabolite of cocaine, although salicylmethylecgonine is also speculated to be an active metabolite.
It works by blocking the production of proteins that are required for bacterial survival.
The drug was produced in Russia in 1996 and sold as 'Chinese Dwarf'.
Whether or not they are always needed is unclear.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 1.92 to 30.60 USD a month.
Ifetroban is a potent and selective thromboxane receptor antagonist.
It has relatively little opioid activity in its own right, but is formed as a metabolite of codeine following ingestion.
As with other nitrosoureas, it may also inhibit several key enzymatic processes by carbamoylation of amino acids in proteins.
It is produced by the human body as an active metabolite of oxymorphone and some bacteria as an intermediate in turning morphine into hydromorphone.
While its mechanism of action is not entirely clear, senna is thought to act by increasing fluid secretion within and contraction of the large intestine.
Daunorubicin, also known as daunomycin, is a chemotherapy medication used to treat cancer.
It is given by slow injection into a vein.
It is likely safe in pregnancy and therefore recommended among those who will be potentially exposed.
An alternative SPECT radioligand is the [123I]-5-I-R91150 receptor antagonist.
Piritramide is a synthetic opioid analgesic that is marketed in certain European countries including: Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Germany and the Netherlands.
It is marketed in France under the trade name Nécyrane.
Hygromycin B is an antibiotic produced by the bacterium Streptomyces hygroscopicus.
It has a low risk of causing low blood sugar.
Actinella is a genus of land snails in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.
It was advertised for morning sickness and postoperative nausea and vomiting, and was claimed to reduce the need for postoperative analgesia.
Together with desflurane, sevoflurane is replacing isoflurane and halothane in modern anesthesiology.
This drug prevents the release of inflammatory chemicals such as histamine from mast cells.
Colistin, also known as polymyxin E, is an antibiotic produced by certain strains of the bacteria Paenibacillus polymyxa.
Sisomicin is the most predictably active aminoglycoside against gram-positive bacteria.
The 3-methoxymorphinan metabolite produces local anesthetic effects in rats, with potency between dextrophan and DXM.
It was first described in a patent application naming Marc Caron and colleagues at Duke University in 1997.
Chemically, it is an ether of dextran and diethylethanolamine.
The name cardanol is used for the decarboxylated derivatives obtained by thermal decomposition of any of the naturally occurring anacardic acids.
Rimexolone is a glucocorticoid steroid used to treat inflammation in the eye.
Other brand names include Jezil and Gen-Fibro.
However, there appear to be no human or animal studies testing the hypothesis that 4-AT will produce an anabolic effect.
It is a selective agonist at the 5-HT1A and 5-HT1B receptors, with preference for the latter.
Mesocarb is a stimulant drug which was developed in the USSR in the 1970s.
It is commonly used in lung cancer, prostate cancer, breast cancer, and osteosarcoma.
Iproclozide is an irreversible and selective monoamine oxidase inhibitor of the hydrazine chemical class that was used as an antidepressant, but has since been discontinued.
It is a manufactured form of human insulin; where a single amino acid has been exchanged.
It is also used together with aspirin in heart attacks and following the placement of a coronary artery stent.
Dipyridamole is a medication that inhibits blood clot formation when given chronically and causes blood vessel dilation when given at high doses over a short time.
It is used by inhaler or nebulizer.
In the United States the price of a course of treatment is more than 200 USD.
It was originally designed as a potential therapy for excitotoxicity, epilepsy or neuropathic pain.
However, WAY-100,635 turned out to be non-selective as well, having been shown to act additionally as a potent D4 receptor agonist later on.
Phase I trials have been completed for pancreatic cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, and breast cancer.
Common side effects depend on the formulation of nicotine.
It acts as a H1 receptor antagonist.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Desoximetasone is a medication belonging to the family of medications known as topical corticosteroids.
In the United States the wholesale cost of a month of medications is about 11.96 USD.
Methyldihydromorphine is related to heterocodeine and is not a synonym for dihydrocodeine.
Fentiazac is a nonsteroidal antiinflammatory agent used for joint and muscular pain.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
In the 1990s the cost of a course of treatment in Africa was 210 USD.
It has been used to prevent post-partum hemorrhage.
While used for restless legs syndrome, it is not recommended for this purpose due to the risk of side effects.
DTaP and Tdap refer to similar combination vaccines in which the component with lower case "a" is acellular.
Ladostigil also has antidepressant effects, and may be useful for treating comorbid depression and anxiety often seen in such diseases as well.
Use during pregnancy may harm the baby.
Vehicle or 4-methylaminorex doses were substituted for cocaine.
It is similar in structure to tetrazepam and nimetazepam, with the 7-chloro group of tetrazepam replaced by nitro.
It is not effective for kidney infections.
PD-0298029 is a drug which acts as a selective antagonist for the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor M4.
It was previously under development by Pfizer for the treatment of depression and anxiety.
Romiplostim is a fusion protein analog of thrombopoietin, a hormone that regulates platelet production.
It is more potent and selective than ibrutinib, the first-in-class BTK inhibitor.
It was later reproduced in 1963 by a research group at MacFarlan Smith in Gorgie, Edinburgh, led by Professor Kenneth Bentley.
This eventually led to their use in meat production on an industrial scale with the aid of slaughterhouses.
It activates p42 and p44 MAP kinase via receptor-mediated signaling.
It is racemic; its biologically active enantiomeric form is levetiracetam, now marketed as an antiepileptic drug.
MDMA increases the release and slows the reuptake of the neurotransmitters serotonin, dopamine, and norepinephrine in parts of the brain.
It was developed in Germany and patented in 1974.
It acts in a similar manner to related compounds such as 25I-NBOMe, which are potent agonists at the 5HT2A receptor.
It shares some structural similarities with aniracetam, but differs in that it has a methoxypyridine group in place of aniracetam's methoxyphenyl group.
Common side effects include gastrointestinal upset, severe allergic reactions, bone marrow suppression.
It may help symptoms of cramping and abdominal/stomach pain by decreasing stomach acid, and slowing the intestines.
As of 2015 the cost for a typical month of medication in the United States is less than 25 USD.
Coronary stents reduce early complications and improve late clinical outcomes in patients needing interventional cardiology.
Aromatase inhibitors block the synthesis of estrogen.
It was first developed in the 1970s, mainly for research into the metabolism of, and as a comparison tool to, other amphetamines.
Aminorex is a weight loss stimulant drug.
It is the-(+)-enantiomer of reboxetine and is even more selective in comparison.
Other indole alkaloids found in Rauwolfia include reserpine, ajmalicine, serpentine, corynanthine, and yohimbine.
SCH-58261 has also shown antidepressant and neuroprotective effects in a variety of animal models, and has been investigated as a possible treatment for Parkinson's disease.
It is comparable to other PDE4 inhibitors for its anti-inflammatory effects.
Consequently, it was dropped from clinical development, although it is still used in scientific research.
As such, 7,8-DHF itself is a poor candidate for clinical development as an oral medication.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Eptapirone is a very potent and highly selective 5-HT1A receptor full agonist of the azapirone family.
Pipamazine is a drug of the phenothiazine class formerly used as an antiemetic.
Dibenzepin acts as a norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor, potent antihistamine, and weak anticholinergic.
It is believed to work by blocking the creation of RNA.
Aminocaproic acid is also an intermediate in the polymerization of Nylon-6, where it is formed by ring-opening hydrolysis of caprolactam.
This modification does not alter receptor binding, but blocks the formation of insulin dimers and hexamers.
It developed by New Biotics and it has entered in phase I clinical trials for colon cancer.
In rodents RTI-55 actually caused death at a dosage of 100 mg/kg, whereas RTI-51 and RTI-31 did not.
He describes MDOH as being very psychedelic and producing increased pleasure in beauty and nature.
Setipiprant is a drug originally developed by Actelion which acts as a selective, orally available antagonist of the prostaglandin D2 receptor 2.
para-Methoxy-N-methylamphetamine, chemically known as methyl-MA, 4-methoxy-N-methylamphetamine, 4-MMA) or is a stimulant and psychedelic drug closely related to the amphetamine-class serotonergic drug para-methoxyamphetamine.
Also they slow down the spontaneous discharge frequency of automatic pacemakers by depressing the slope of diastolic depolarization.
In the United States a course of treatment costs 100 to 200 USD.
As a result, regadenoson stress protocols use a single bolus, instead of a 4-6 minute continuous infusion, which was needed with adenosine.
The molecule has been synthesized and tested on animals in order to further research the effects of GHB.
and is also controlled internationally under the United Nations Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs of 1961.
The Haemophilus influenzae type B vaccine, often called Hib vaccine, is a vaccine used to prevent Haemophilus influenzae type b infection.
The meglumine salt it takes the form of crosses the blood brain barrier of tissue with abnormal vasculature, highlighting the affected area with MRI.
Nizofenone is a neuroprotective drug which protects neurons from death following cerebral anoxia.
It has sedative and hypnotic properties, and was used for the treatment of insomnia.
Eperisone also improves dizziness and tinnitus associated with cerebrovascular disorders or cervical spondylosis.
It is described as a slowly-metabolized, long-acting estrogen and derivative of estriol.
It has antidepressant effects in animal studies, reduces glutamate signalling in the brain and increases the analgesic effects of morphine.
It is available as a generic medication.
Diisopropyl fluorophosphate is an oily, colorless liquid with the chemical formula C6H14FO3P.
It is used by mouth, injection into a vein, and injection into a muscle.
Praziquantel, sold under the brandname Biltricide among others, is a medication used to treat a number of types of parasitic worm infections.
Desmopressin was approved for medical use in the United States in 1978.
ISDN is available as a generic medication.
meta-Methoxyamphetamine, also known as 3-methoxyamphetamine, is a stimulant drug from the amphetamine family.
Alphacetylmethadol is very similar in structure to methadone, a widely prescribed treatment for opioid addiction.
It typically begins working within 15 minutes and lasts for 2 to 8 hours.
The halogenated alkylamine antihistamines all exhibit optical isomerism and brompheniramine products contain racemic brompheniramine maleate whereas dexbrompheniramine is the dextrorotary stereoisomer.
Nicotine replacement therapy is a medically-approved way to take nicotine by means other than tobacco.
It is structurally similar to cocaine, which is the methyl ester of benzoylecgonine.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Ethionamide is in the thioamides family of medications.
It is typically only used in those who cannot tolerate rifampin such as people with HIV/AIDS on antiretrovirals.
Divaplon is a nonbenzodiazepine, anxiolytic and anticonvulsant drug from the pyrazolopyrimidine family of drugs.
It was originally developed by Eli Lilly and Élan, and clinical trials were conducted by Eli Lilly.
It acts as a 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptor agonist.
It binds to IGHE an acts as an immunomodulator.
The Women's Health Initiative studies report increased health risks for postmenopausal women when using unopposed estrogens.
Its most pronounced effect is in suppression of appetite; it has little effect on pulse rate, sleep, or mood.
Mexazolam is a drug which is a benzodiazepine derivative.
It is not recommended in people with a slow heart rate or heart failure.
As of April 2016 ten clinical trials were active), six still recruiting.
It works by dissolving the proteins that link the vitreous to the macula, resulting in posterior detachment of the vitreous from the retina.
It appears to be safe in pregnancy.
Rubitecan is an oral topoisomerase inhibitor, developed by Supergen.
This classification was made permanent in July 2012 with the passage of the Synthetic Drug Abuse Prevention Act.
Vernakalant is an investigational drug under regulatory review for the acute conversion of atrial fibrillation.
Methylone is the substituted cathinone analog of MDMA and the 3,4-methylenedioxy analog of methcathinone.
It is given by mouth or by injection into a vein.
Etretinate was discontinued because it had a narrow therapeutic index as well as a long elimination half-life, making dosing difficult.
Unlike other legal highs 3-MMC was tested and characterized in large mammals, providing much more knowledge about it than is known about other synthetic cathinones.
It is unusual among steroids in that it contains a chlorine atom and a fluorine atom.
Thus, glucagon and insulin are part of a feedback system that keeps blood glucose levels stable.
Relatively little information has been published about this substance.
The Super Lemon’’ containing AB-CHMINACA, 5F-AMB, and diphenidine was implicated in a fatal poisoning.
Bromfenac is indicated for the treatment of ocular inflammation and pain after cataract surgery.
Additionally, the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency studied the effects of ibogaine in the 1950s.
In February 2008, the drug entered Phase 2 clinical trials and a phase 3 trial was begun in 2015.
Almagate is an aluminium- and magnesium-containing antacid.
It is a nonselective COX inhibitor, usually sold as the sodium salt.
Distigmine is similar to pyridostigmine and neostigmine but has a longer duration of action.
ALPHA was first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin.
Radalbuvir is an experimental antiviral drug for the treatment of hepatitis C virus infection developed by Gilead Sciences.
It is not commercially available in the United States.
Without the second signal, the T cell can't be activated.
It may also be used short term in those with generalized anxiety disorder but is less preferred to benzodiazepines.
It is the natural LHRH/GnRH decapeptide with two substitutions to inhibit rapid degradation.
Often another medication, however, is used to start anesthesia due to airway irritation with isoflurane.
Mupirocin is in the carbolic acid class of medications.
Pegfilgrastim treatment can be used to stimulate bone marrow to produce more neutrophils to fight infection in patients undergoing chemotherapy.
As might be predicted from its binding profile, L-838,417 substitutes for the anxiolytic benzodiazepine chlordiazepoxide in animals, but not for the hypnotic imidazopyridine drug zolpidem.
It has two isomers, with the isomer being the more potent, as with medetomidine.
Necitumumab is a recombinant human IgG1 monoclonal antibody used as an antineoplastic.
It is often sold in combination with other ingredients such as in many cold medications.
Salmeterol is a long-acting β2 adrenergic receptor agonist used in the maintenance and prevention of asthma symptoms and maintenance of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease symptoms.
It has subsequently been investigated in more detail by the team led by David E. Nichols at Purdue University.
IDRA-21 is a chiral molecule, with-IDRA-21 being the active form.
It functions as a ganglionic blocker of nicotinic acetylcholine receptors.
It was synthesized in 1964 and was introduced for medical use by Roche in 1974.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Tyloxapol is a nonionic liquid polymer of the alkyl aryl polyether alcohol type.
Bucladesine is a cyclic nucleotide derivative which mimics the action of endogenous cAMP and is a phosphodiesterase inhibitor.
While there does not appear to be harm with use during pregnancy it has not been well studied in this population.
The drug was developed in the 1960s by Hoechst AG, who then test marketed it in the United States.
The same costs between 30 and 55 EUR in Europe.
Sarafloxacin is a quinolone antibiotic drug, which was removed from clinical use by its manufacturer Abbott Laboratories from April 30, 2001.
It was under development for the treatment of schizophrenia but has since been abandoned.
Rescinnamine is an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor used as an antihypertensive drug.
This is a fast-acting proteolytic inhibitor and used during hemodialysis to prevent the proteolysis of fibrinogen into fibrin.
Bevacizumab, sold under the trade name Avastin, is medication used to treat a number of types of cancers and a specific eye disease.
Olanzapine is an antipsychotic medication used to treat schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
Ethotoin is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy.
It was developed from xylometazoline at E. Merck Darmstadt by Fruhstorfer in 1961.
Common side effects when used by injection include vomiting and kidney problems.
In the United States a month of patches or gum is between 100 and 200 USD while the other forms are more expensive.
It has been used as an antimicrobial.
As of 2015 the ability to get these medications in many areas of the world is poor.
CTA can antagonize estradiol at the level of the hypothalamus, resulting in disinhibition of the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis and an increase in estrogen levels.
Animal extract thyroid preparations were developed in the late 19th century, and are still in use today for the treatment of hypothyroidism.
Lixivaptan may help some patients eliminate excess fluids while retaining electrolytes.
Norpethidine is a 4-phenylpiperidine derivative that is both a metabolite of and a precursor to pethidine.
It should not be continued if there is no relief of symptoms after regular use over two to three weeks.
Carbamazepine was discovered in 1953 by Swiss chemist Walter Schindler.
Onset of effects is usually rapid and lasts for a few hours.
When used in a vein onset of action is generally within one minute and effects last for up to 10 minutes.
Clorazepate, also known as clorazepate dipotassium, is a benzodiazepine.
It remains on the market in Japan as Tigason.
In areas where the disease is not common, giving it at twelve months is reasonable.
Toloxatone is an antidepressant launched in 1984 in France for the treatment of depression.
Silodosin, Silodyx, Rapilif, Silodal, Urief, Thrupas, Urorec) is a medication for the symptomatic treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia.
It is unclear if it is safe for use in pregnancy.
It was the first antiepileptic drug in the class of selective non-competitive antagonist of AMPA receptors.
Thus camylofin has a comprehensive action to relieve smooth muscle spasm.
The low blood sodium that results may cause seizures.
Frakefamide is a synthetic, fluorinated opioid tetrapeptide with the amino acid sequence Tyr-D-Ala-(p-F)Phe-Phe-NH2 which acts as a peripherally-specific, selective μ-opioid receptor agonist.
Allylnorpethidine is an analogue of pethidine where the N-methyl group has been replaced by allyl.
Its main effect is to reduce the activity of the vagus nerve, which is a nerve that activates the vomiting center in the medulla oblongata.
Vapaliximab is a chimeric monoclonal antibody and an immunosuppressive drug.
Nedaplatin is one example of such new drugs.
Various Angiopep vectors have been composed and differ by their anti-cancer moieties.
Roxithromycin is derived from erythromycin, containing the same 14-membered lactone ring.
As of 2017, MDMA has no accepted medical uses.
Timolol was patented in 1968 and came into medical use in 1978.
Metyrapone is a drug used in the diagnosis of adrenal insufficiency and occasionally in the treatment of Cushing's syndrome.
Rofecoxib was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on May 20, 1999, and was marketed under the brand names Vioxx, Ceoxx, and Ceeoxx.
A published phase 2 trial found cetilistat significantly reduced weight with and was better tolerated than orlistat.
Debacterol Canker Sore Pain Relief solution is a liquid topical agent that is used in the treatment of ulcerating oral mucosal lesions and minor oral abrasions.
Both preparations should be coupled with a longer acting insulin for good glycemic control.
In contrast to estradiol, which has roughly the same affinity for both ERs, moxestrol possesses several-fold selectivity for ERα over ERβ.
Norgestomet,[1] or norgestamet, also known as 11β-methyl-17α-acetoxy-19-norprogesterone, is a steroidal progestin of the 19-norprogesterone group used in veterinary medicine to control estrus and ovulation in cattle.
Common side effects include diarrhea, constipation, headache, sleepiness, and itchiness.
FLT is suitable for monitoring how tumours respond to cytostatic therapy.
Parenteral formulations of 10 mg/mL and 50 mg/mL are available in the UK for IV/IM administration.
DPN is a racemic mixture of two enantiomers,-DPN and-DPN.
ML-154 is a drug which acts as a selective, non-peptide antagonist at the neuropeptide S receptor NPSR.
Tolazoline is a non-selective competitive α-adrenergic receptor antagonist.
In May 2008, terguride was granted orphan drug status for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Olodaterol is an ultra-long-acting β adrenoreceptor agonist used as an inhalation for treating patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, manufactured by Boehringer Ingelheim.
The name "diclofenac" derives from its chemical name: 2-(2,6-dichloranilino) phenylacetic acid.
Its mechanism of action is not entirely clear but is believed to involve increased levels of serotonin.
However the same change made to the more potent analogue carfentanil retained reasonable opioid receptor activity, reflecting the higher binding affinity produced by the 4-carbomethoxy group.
Methylpiperidinopyrazole is a synthetic, nonsteroidal, and highly selective antagonist of ERα that is used in scientific research to study the function of this receptor.
Tioclomarol is an anticoagulant of the 4-hydroxycoumarin vitamin K antagonist type.
In Phase II clinical trials regarding multiple sclerosis and Crohn's disease, thromboembolisms occurred in at least three patients.
It is a synthetic halogenated derivative of febrifugine, a natural quinazolinone alkaloid which can be found in the Chinese herb Dichroa febrifuga.
Prasugrel is a pharmaceutical drug that acts as a platelet inhibitor and is used to prevent formation of blood clots.
Insulin degludec is an ultralong-acting basal insulin analogue that was developed by Novo Nordisk under the brand name Tresiba.
In countries where tuberculosis is common, one dose is recommended in healthy babies as close to the time of birth as possible.
Agomelatine is a melatonergic antidepressant developed by the pharmaceutical company Servier.
Clomifene, also known as clomiphene, is a medication used to treat infertility in women who do not ovulate.
Clofezone is a drug that was used to treat joint and muscular pain, but is not marketed any more.
Aripiprazole lauroxil is a long-acting injectable atypical antipsychotic that was developed by Alkermes.
D-Lysergic acid ethylamide is a derivative of ergine.
Vemurafenib is a B-Raf enzyme inhibitor developed by Plexxikon and Genentech for the treatment of late-stage melanoma.
In the United States the cost of this amount is about US$0.63.
Fosphenytoin is a water-soluble phenytoin prodrug that is administered intravenously to deliver phenytoin, potentially more safely than intravenous phenytoin.
The drug binds to plasma albumin and competes with drugs such as coumarin anticoagulants, indomethacin and glucocorticoids.
Vitamin C, also known as ascorbic acid and L-ascorbic acid, is a vitamin found in food and used as a dietary supplement.
It is possible that other manufacturers distribute 10 mg tablets and other concentrations of injectable nicomorphine in ampoules and multidose vials.
It has approximately 10-14% the potency of amphetamine.
Vismodegib is a drug for the treatment of basal-cell carcinoma.
Metabolic studies have shown pFPP to be an inhibitor of various Cytochrome P450 enzymes in the liver which may contribute to its side-effect profile.
It was developed by Daniel Lednicer at Upjohn in the 1970s.
Dasabuvir is in the HCV NS5B polymerase inhibitor class of medication.
An in vitro study including assay on normal human melanocytes found that BW-723C86 causes skin whitening.
It is given by injection into a vein.
Rosonabant is a drug acting as a CB1 receptor antagonist/inverse agonist that was under investigation by Esteve as an appetite suppressant for the treatment of obesity.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
The drug interactions vary with different animals.
It is a barbiturate anticonvulsant, used in the treatment of epilepsy.
It was originally made from the South American plant Pilocarpus.
Oral oxetacaine preparations are available in several countries, including India, South Africa, Japan and Brazil, but not the United States.
The risk or severity of adverse effects can be increased when chlortetracycline is combined with acitretin, adapalene, or alitretinoin.
The compound is similar in structure to RU-58642 but contains a different side-chain.
It is the acetyl ester of gamma-hydroxybutyrate, and based on its structural relation to GHB, is likely to behave as a prodrug to it.
Testosterone is also used as a medication to treat male hypogonadism and certain types of breast cancer.
The FDA recommends vaccination before adolescence and potential sexual activity.
This drug was developed by Sanofi/Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
It is usually available as the salt detomidine hydrochloride.
While the agent was well tolerated in Phase II clinical trials, it did not show efficacy when tested against various types of cancers.
Biperiden, sold under the brandname Akineton among others, is a medication used to treat Parkinson disease and certain drug-induced movement disorders.
Samatasvir is a highly potent and selective inhibitor of the hepatitis C virus NS5A replication complex.
Very little data exists about the pharmacological properties, metabolism, and toxicity of ethylone, but several ethylone-related deaths have been reported.
Common side effects include itchiness and rash at the site of application, headache, and nausea.
Retroprogesterone itself binds with high affinity to the progesterone receptor as well.
The drug was found to cause EKG abnormalities and its clinical development was stopped.
a drug that increases the amount of synaptic norepinephrine and dopamine available to receptors by blocking the dopamine and norepinephrine reuptake transporters.
Also it does not cause spasm of the sphincter of Oddi, making it more suitable than morphine for the treatment of biliary or pancreatic pain.
Nomegestrol, also known as 19-normegestrol, is a steroidal progestin which was patented in 1975 but was never marketed.
Tienilic acid was found to act as a suicide substrate at the cytochrome P450 enzymes involved in drug metabolism.
Additionally, stanozolol has been used in US horse racing.
Morphine was more widely used after the invention of the hypodermic syringe in 1853–1855.
It has been shown to increase Schaffer collateral-CA1 long-term potentiation in vitro.
Pentamidine is an antimicrobial medication used to treat African trypanosomiasis, leishmaniasis, babesiosis, and to prevent and treat pneumocystis pneumonia in people with poor immune function.
Inhibits HUVEC differentiation and angiogenesis and also stimulates adipogenesis and decreases osteoblastogenesis in human mesenchymal stem cells.
It is marketed by Pfizer Inc. under the tradename Draxxin.
In the United States the medication costs 50 to 100 USD for a dose as of 2015.
It is the drug in the feed additives called Bovatec and Avatec.
Romidepsin, also known as Istodax, is an anticancer agent used in cutaneous T-cell lymphoma and other peripheral T-cell lymphomas.
As of 2015 the cost for a typical course of medication in the United States is more than 200 USD.
It is usually classed with the atypical antipsychotics, the newer generation of antipsychotics.
In the United Kingdom this amount costs the NHS about 4.14 pounds.
Demexiptiline is a tricyclic antidepressant used in France for the treatment of depression.
It is a fermentation product obtained from the actinomycete Dactylosporangium aurantiacum subspecies hamdenesis.
Hydroxycarteolol is a beta blocker and metabolite of carteolol.
It is prescribed for vaginal irritation, and severe acute thrush.
With the oral vaccine, two or three doses are typically recommended.
Commercial production of sodium bicarbonate began between 1791 and 1823.
Its efficacy has been proven in rabbits and monkeys.
The side effects include akathisia, tardive dyskinesia, and, more rarely, neuroleptic malignant syndrome and prolongation of the QT interval.
Lisinopril was the third ACE inhibitor and was introduced into therapy in the early 1990s.
It is a derivative of fluorouracil, being a lypophilic-masked analog of 5-FU that can be administered orally.
It has been launched in Japan for hypercholesterolaemia.
It was eventually withdrawn from the U.S. market in 1969, after reports of hepatotoxicity.
Its action on H3 is thought to promote wakefulness and improve memory consolidation.
At room temperature, pure carnitine is a white powder, and a water-soluble zwitterion with low toxicity.
Pranlukast is a cysteinyl leukotriene receptor-1 antagonist.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Naloxone, sold under the brandname Narcan among others, is a medication used to block the effects of opioids, especially in overdose.
The components are digestive enzymes similar to those normally produced by the human pancreas.
Clomifene and tamoxifen were both derived from CTA via structural modification, and are much weaker partial agonists than CTA and hence much more antiestrogenic in comparison.
In the body it is metabolized to O-desmethyltramadol, which is a more potent opioid.
It is a small molecule agonist of the c-mpl receptor, which is the physiological target of the hormone thrombopoietin.
Blood tests are recommended regularly for those on treatment.
Like halothane, enflurane, and isoflurane, it is a racemic mixture of and optical isomers.
It is approved for and used in the treatment of hyperprolactinemia.
It belongs to a class of antiplatelet named glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors.
Instead of being developed for depression, DOV-102,677 is being developed for the treatment of alcoholism.
In the African meningitis belt efforts to immunize all people between the ages of one and thirty with the meningococcal A conjugate vaccine are ongoing.
It is used topically to manage glaucoma.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Severe allergic reactions occur in less than one in 100,000 people.
It was discovered by researchers at Farmitalia and first published in 1960 and was marketed as Kelfizina.
However, iprindole's effectiveness may not be as high as other TCAs, especially in regards to anxiety relief.
Ziconotide is an atypical analgesic agent for the amelioration of severe and chronic pain.
Injections are given once or twice daily depending on the condition.
However, genetic manipulation of O-GlcNAc levels is consistent with the effects observed by PUGNAc, namely insulin resistance upon elevation of O-GlcNAc levels.
It is given intravenously in the treatment of Type 1 Gaucher's disease.
Matuzumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody for the treatment of cancer.
Substitution at position 16 also leads to more potent corticosteroids.
Ψ-DOM was first reported by Alexander Shulgin in his book PiHKAL.
Use in pregnancy appears to be safe.
It is a white crystalline powder with no odor and a slightly bitter taste.
In the United States, about 0.9 million people used ecstasy in 2010.
It was originally discovered by Albert Hofmann but was not widely studied until the rise in popularity of psychedelics in the 1960s.
Specifically, telaprevir inhibits the hepatitis C viral enzyme NS3.4A serine protease.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Valaciclovir, also spelled valacyclovir, is an antiviral drug used in the management of herpes simplex, herpes zoster, and herpes B.
Selank is a heptapeptide with the sequence Thr-Lys-Pro-Arg-Pro-Gly-Pro.
This drug was developed by Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
In the United Kingdom, the Netherlands and France, the abbreviation DTP refers to a combination vaccine against diphtheria, tetanus, and poliomyelitis.
This drug may be used in the management of type 2 diabetes if diet alone is not effective.
It works directly on the colon to produce a bowel movement.
Trilostane is a steroidogenesis inhibitor which is used in the treatment of Cushing's syndrome.
It should not be used together with medications within the sildenafil family.
Coronaridine persistently reduces the self-administration of cocaine and morphine in rats.
In the United States, the compound has been used on food crops, including apples, potatoes, brassicas, ornamentals and cotton.
Ceftaroline is being developed by Forest Laboratories, under a license from Takeda.
Mirogabalin is a drug developed by Daiichi Sankyo and related to drugs such as gabapentin and pregabalin.
It takes six to twelve hours to work.
EA-3167 is a potent and long-lasting anticholinergic deliriant drug, related to the chemical warfare agent 3-Quinuclidinyl benzilate.
It sold in the United States under the proprietary name Sular.
It is developed by Chugai Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Granocyte.
Because of potential for side effects, this drug is considered high risk in the elderly.
It is often given both during and following pregnancy.
Commercial competitors of apimostinel include AV-101 from VistaGen Therapeutics and Cerecor's CERC-301.
It should not be used by those who have a iodine allergy.
It has antagonistic and antidote properties to therapeutically used benzodiazapenes, through competitive inhibition.
Ranitidine, sold under the trade name Zantac among others, is a medication that decreases stomach acid production.
THC-C4 has rarely been isolated from cannabis samples, but appears to be less commonly present than THC or THCV.
It is used in veterinary medicine in the compound product Telazol as an injectable anesthetic for use in cats and dogs.
Polatuzumab vedotin is an antibody-drug conjugate or ADC designed for the treatment of cancer.
With single-photon emission computed tomography using the radioisotope iodine-123 there are further radioligands available: [123I]ODAM, [123I]IDAM, [123I]ADAM, and [123I]β-CIT.
Zomebazam produced by Hoechst is a pyrazolodiazepinone derivative drug with anxiolytic properties.
It can be formulated as the pivoxil prodrug adefovir dipivoxil.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is between 0.01 and 0.04 USD per pill.
It is a combination of two sulfonamide antibacterials, sulfathiourea and mafenide.
Technetium etarfolatide is an investigational non-invasive, folate receptor-targeting companion imaging agent that is being developed by Endocyte.
While not available in the United States, it is widely available in Africa.
The DNA damage leads to apoptosis of the affected cells.
Benzoctamine is a drug that possesses sedative and anxiolytic properties.
Relative to other SNRIs, levomilnacipran, as well as milnacipran, differ in that they are much more balanced reuptake inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine.
MMDA-2 is a psychedelic drug of the amphetamine class.
Ticlopidine is an antiplatelet drug in the thienopyridine family which is an adenosine diphosphate receptor inhibitor.
The vaccines are more than 90% effective.
Abasol is a topical cream formulation of abafungin by York Pharma.
A detailed report of its development and properties appeared in 1975 in a paper authored by Richard Wallin, Bernard Regan, Martha Napoli and Ivan Stern.
The side effects of amodiaquine are generally minor to moderate and are similar to those of chloroquine.
As of 4 November 2010, the UK Home Office announced a ban on the importation of 2-diphenylmethylpyrrolidine, following a recommendation from the ACMD.
Heparins are cleared by the kidneys, but studies have shown that dalteparin does not accumulate even if kidney function is reduced.
It is an analogue of ketamine where the chlorine group has been replaced by fluorine.
This includes breast cancer, head and neck cancer, stomach cancer, prostate cancer and non small-cell lung cancer.
Levofloxacin is a broad-spectrum antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class.
Common side effects include nausea, diarrhea, rash, and pain at the site of injection.
It has central antiadrenergic, antidopaminergic, antiserotonergic and weak muscarinic anticholinergic effects.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
It is used widely in horses as a pre-anesthetic sedative and has been shown to reduce anesthesia related death.
It is available by GSK as Ceftin in US and Ceftum in India.
Pipradrol is a mild central nervous system stimulant that is no longer widely used in most countries due to concerns about its abuse potential.
4-HO-DSBT is a tryptamine derivative which acts as a serotonin receptor agonist.
In obese mice given the drug, the resulting resensitization to leptin levels produced decreased food intake, weight loss, and normalized responses to glucose and insulin.
Thiethylperazine is an antiemetic of the phenothiazine class.
Typically it is given by injection under the skin, but may also be used by injection into a vein or muscle.
Oxycodone is available as single-ingredient medication in immediate release and controlled release.
This includes the treatment of malaria due to Plasmodium falciparum that is resistant to chloroquine when artesunate is not available.
It has been suggested that it could be developed as an anxiolytic or antidepressant drug.
It became generic in Europe in 2009 and in the US the first extended-release generic was approved in 2012.
It is also a weak α2 receptor antagonist.
The elimination half-life and mean residence time of testosterone undecanoate are 2.5-fold and 4-fold longer than those of testosterone enanthate.
Although ethisterone has largely been superseded by newer drugs and is now little used, it reportedly continues to be available in some countries.
Furosemide is a type of loop diuretic that works by decreasing the reabsorption of sodium by the kidneys.
Other serious side effects include bone loss, blood clots, allergic reactions, depression, and liver problems.
WAY-200070 has been found to enhance serotonergic and dopaminergic neurotransmission in the central nervous system, and produces antidepressant- and anxiolytic-like effects in animals.
It is given by mouth, injection into a muscle, or just under the skin.
Abacavir is in the NRTI class of medications, which work by blocking reverse transcriptase, an enzyme needed for HIV virus replication.
Trifluoromescaline is a derivative of the phenethylamine hallucinogen mescaline, which has a trifluoromethoxy group replacing the central methoxy group of mescaline.
Rifabutin is an antibiotic used to treat tuberculosis and prevent and treat Mycobacterium avium complex.
Ulipristal acetate is a medication used for emergency contraception and uterine fibroid.
It has serotonergic properties and acts as an anorectic.
Like pralmorelin and GHRP-6, ipamorelin does not affect prolactin, follicle-stimulating hormone, luteinizing hormone, or thyroid-stimulating hormone levels.
It is presumed to be an agonist of the CB1 and CB2 cannabinoid receptors.
It has good activity against a range of HCV genotype variants, including some that are resistant to most currently used antiviral medications.
In clinical studies it was found to have comparable analgesic efficacy to morphine, though with several-fold reduced potency.
In young children a condition known as gray baby syndrome may occur which results in a swollen stomach and low blood pressure.
In the United States it is about 26 USD for ten days of treatment.
Pramiracetam was discovered by scientists at Parke-Davis, at that time a division of Warner-Lambert, in the late 1970s; patents expired in 1996.
Enalapril was patented in 1978 and came into medical use in 1984.
This drug was developed by Morphotek and Ludwig Institute for Cancer Research.
Many cofactors also contain sulfur including glutathione and thioredoxin and iron–sulfur proteins.
JWH-007 is an analgesic chemical from the naphthoylindole family, which acts as a cannabinoid agonist at both the CB1 and CB2 receptors.
It is the α-ethylated analogue of 2C-T-2.
Patients also had decreased home blood pressures decrease total cholesterol and LDL.
Although trials in humans have not gone well, the research of anti-CD18 drugs in animals has been encouraging.
Vinorelbine was approved for medical use in the United States in 1994.
It is related in structure to the psychedelic tryptamine derivative 5-MeO-DMT, but with the indole nitrogen replaced by oxygen, making dimemebfe a benzofuran derivative.
In the United States, it may be obtained from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, while in Canada it is available from Health Canada.
Narasin is a coccidiostat and antibacterial agent.
Inosine monophosphate is oxidised by the enzyme inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase, yielding xanthosine monophosphate, a key precursor in purine metabolism.
It is administered as a topical eye drop form for the purpose of dilating the pupil and can be used to diagnose Horner's syndrome.
The drug's use in animals is controversial due to its toxicity which can rapidly kill scavenging birds that eat dead animals.
It contains a phenylalanine amino acid residue in its structure.
It is a drug that may improve the prognosis in patients with congestive heart failure.
Methylprednisolone, sold under the brand names Depo-Medrol and Solu-Medrol among others, is a corticosteroid medication used to suppress the immune system and decrease inflammation.
PD-102,807 is a drug which acts as a selective antagonist for the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor M4.
Initial monotherapy with a dopamine agonist is associated with reduced risk for motor complications in Parkinson patients relative to levodopa.
It was developed in response to the growing rate of antibiotic resistance in bacteria such as Staphylococcus aureus, Acinetobacter baumannii, and E. coli.
Cetraxate is an oral gastrointestinal medication which has a cytoprotective effect.
Like ustekinumab, the antibody targets the interleukins 12 and 23.
It is closely related in chemical structure to other drugs such as pyrovalerone, MDPV, and propylhexedrine and it has a similar mechanism of action.
In the United States it costs about 25 to 50 USD per dose.
BzODZ-EPyr is an indole based synthetic cannabinoid that has been sold as a designer drug in Russia.
It has been approved in Japan in a topical form to treat glaucoma.
It appears to be safe in pregnancy, after having been given to a limited number of women.
It is a moderately selective serotonin receptor receptor agonist, binding to a range of different serotonin receptors, but particularly to the 5-HT2A and 5-HT3.
It is not commonly used in most countries, but has activity similar to other opiates.
Side effects of fentanyl analogs are similar to those of fentanyl itself, which include itching, nausea and potentially serious respiratory depression, which can be life-threatening.
Only one enantiomer is active which has made it the subject of several asymmetric synthesis efforts.
Fidaxomicin is the first in a new class of narrow spectrum macrocyclic antibiotic drugs.
Elosulfase alfa is a drug for the treatment of Morquio syndrome which is caused by a deficiency in the enzyme N-acetylgalactosamine-6-sulfatase.
SB-357134 is a drug which is used in scientific research.
Up to 150 ml of a 0.1% solution is instilled extra-amniotically using a foley catheter.
Methyl aminolevulinate is a drug used as a sensitizer in photodynamic therapy.
Unlike most opioid derivatives, oxpheneridine is not specifically listed as an illegal drug.
In vivo experimental models of infection showed that bacterial clearance by this drug is at least as effective compared with other 3rd generation cephalosporins.
It is used by mouth and by injection.
Dextroamphetamine is a more potent CNS stimulant than levoamphetamine, but levoamphetamine has slightly stronger cardiovascular and peripheral effects and a longer elimination half-life than dextroamphetamine.
Serious side effects include red blood cell breakdown, liver problems, and allergic reactions.
It is also a chemical intermediate in the biosynthesis of many other endogenous steroids, including androgens, estrogens, glucocorticoids, and mineralocorticoids, as well as neurosteroids.
It is sold in many countries under the generic name or under brand names such as Nozinan, Levoprome, Detenler, Hirnamin, Levotomin, Neurocil and many more.
In the United States it costs between 50 and 100 USD.
It is active against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus and Gram-positive bacteria.
It may also be used in the treatment of some forms of epilepsy.
It is used as choleretic and antispasmodic drugs and as a standard for the fluorometric determination of enzyme activity.
This would be more likely to be the case in drug naїve subjects than in users that have already built up significant tolerance.
Severe side effects may include low blood pressure, decreased level of consciousness, kidney problems, and low blood cell levels.
Very little data exists about the pharmacological properties, metabolism, and toxicity of α,N-DMT.
On August 24, 2007, the United States Food and Drug Administration approved the first generic version of famciclovir.
Alverine is a drug used for functional gastrointestinal disorders.
Icatibant is a peptidomimetic drug consisting of ten amino acids, which is a selective and specific antagonist of bradykinin B2 receptors.
Its indications are the treatment of pleural mesothelioma and non-small cell lung cancer.
Common side effects with the patch include skin irritation and a dry mouth while the inhaler commonly results in a cough, runny nose, or headaches.
PRX-07034 is a selective 5-HT6 receptor antagonist.
As of 2015 the cost for a typical course of medication in the United States is 50 to 100 USD.
It was withdrawn from the market in 1999 and 2000 following incidences of hepatotoxicity.
CO2 is generated during the normal constitution of cefamandole and ceftazidime, potentially resulting in an explosive-like reaction in syringes.
It is also likely to act on dopamine on account of its full substitution of d-amphetamine in rodent studies.
It is a selective inhibitor of the cyclin-dependent kinases CDK4 and CDK6.
According to the patent it has a neuroanabolic action.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 7.45 to 18.24 USD per 200 mg vial.
Its chemical structure as a lipoglycopeptide is similar to vancomycin.
In larger plasma concentrations, it may lead to toxic effects on the heart's rhythm.
In 2013, Abraxane was FDA approved for the treatment of pancreatic cancer.
The two compounds are measured together to measure for antibiotic activity in milk.
JWH-081 may be neurotoxic to animals when administered in high doses.
Difelikefalin has completed phase II clinical trials for postoperative pain and has demonstrated significant and "robust" clinical efficacy, along with being safe and well-tolerated.
Use during pregnancy may harm the baby.
It binds to CD38, which multiple myeloma cells overexpress.
Ormeloxifene has also been licensed under the trade names Novex-DS, Centron, and Sevista.
A nucleophilic attack by chloride accounts for the 1:1 mixtures and for the single chlorine in enediyne-derived natural products.
It can also be administered for acute pain in general and for tension headache.
It acts by inhibiting the Na/K-ATPase, also known as the sodium-potassium ion pump.
Decoglurant progressed as far as phase II clinical trials but was ultimately discontinued from further development due to disappointing efficacy results.
JWH-200 is an analgesic chemical from the aminoalkylindole family that acts as a cannabinoid receptor agonist.
Methedrone received media attention in 2009 after the death of two young Swedish men.
Bactericidal for gram-negative; little to no effect on gram-positive, since cell wall is too thick to permit access to membrane
Cefquinome is a fourth-generation cephalosporin with pharmacological and antibacterial properties valuable in the treatment of coliform mastitis and other infections.
It is not recommended in people with a history of a severe penicillin allergy.
The study did not find any evidence of central activity in primates and questions whether herkinorin's effects are due entirely to peripheral binding.
It may be used to prevent mother-to-child spread during birth or after a needlestick injury or other potential exposure.
Serious side effects may include Clostridium difficile colitis or anaphylaxis.
3H or 11C and used as a tracer for in vitro imaging as well as in vivo imaging positron emission tomography.
In Europe it has been granted orphan drug status and is marketed under the brand Revestive by Nycomed.
SGN-CD19A is an antibody-drug conjugate directed to CD19 designed for the treatment of CD19-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia and B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma.
3-MeO-PCP hydrochloride is a white crystalline solid with a melting point of 204-205 °C 
Lomevactone is a drug described as a psychostimulant and antidepressant which was synthesized and assayed in the 1980s but was never marketed.
Belimumab's defenders said that in addition to its modest efficiency, belimumab allowed patients to significantly reduce their use of corticosteroids.
Cannabis as a plant is scheduled by the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs.
Scientific research has demonstrated pCPP to have serotonergic effects, likely acting as a non-selective serotonin receptor agonist and/or releasing agent.
Natural systemic cortisol concentrations can be suppressed for weeks after one week of topical exposure.
The cost in the United Kingdom for the NHS is about 275.81 pounds per 100 mg vial.
The compound was discovered by the same group that identified 7,8-DHF and N-acetylserotonin as TrkB agonists.
Pegsunercept is a drug for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.
N-Methyl-2-methoxy-4,5-methylenedioxyamphetamine is a psychedelic drug of the amphetamine class.
A single dose vaccine is available for those traveling to an area were cholera is common.
It is a tridecavalent vaccine, meaning that it contains thirteen serotypes of pneumococcus which are conjugated to diphtheria carrier protein.
The drug is considerably more effective than standard benznidazole therapy which is considered the gold standard.
6-(2-Aminopropyl)-2,3-dihydrobenzofuran is a stimulant and entactogen drug of the phenethylamine and amphetamine classes.
Racemic MT-45 has around 80% the potency of morphine, with almost all opioid activity residing in the enantiomer.
Often heroin, which is illegally sold, is mixed with other substances such as sugar or strychnine.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Codeine methylbromide is the bromomethane salt of codeine.
6-MeO-THH, or 6-methoxy-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroharman, is a β-carboline derivative and a structural isomer of tetrahydroharmine.
Possible indications include the treatment of S. aureus in a phase 2a patients with cystic fibrosis and of methicillin-resistant S. aureus.
Kanamycin A, often referred to as simple kanamycin, is an antibiotic used to treat severe bacterial infections and tuberculosis.
Lopirazepam is a short-acting benzodiazepine analog of the pyridodiazepine type with anxiolytic and hypnotic properties.
The drug was approved by the European Medicines Agency in November 2011 and by the Japanese Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency in September 2013.
AB-CHFUPYCA is a compound that was first identified as a component of synthetic cannabis products in Japan in 2015.
It is believed to work by interfering with the use of mycolic acid.
It was discontinued in most of the world in the 1960s, but remained in use in France until fairly recently.
Cobimetinib is not indicated for treatment of patients with wild-type BRAF melanoma.
Anthrax immune globulin, tradename Anthrasil, is a human immune globulin that is used in combination with antibiotics to treat anthrax.
pFPP has little stimulant effects, with its subjective effects derived mainly from its action as a 5-HT1A receptor agonist.
The addition of, or a dosage increase in, these CYP3A4 inhibitors makes it harder for the body to metabolize and remove terfenadine.
It is also a component of the anti-cancer drug trifluridine/tipiracil, which is taken by mouth.
It is contraindicated in patients with cystitis and urinary tract infections.
As an NMDA receptor antagonist, in vivo, it is approximately twice as potent as dextromethorphan, and five-fold less potent than dextrorphan.
The drug has been marketed widely throughout the world, including in the United States, Canada, Europe, Hong Kong, and Mexico.
As a supplement it is used to treat vitamin B12 deficiency including pernicious anemia.
It is the main active ingredient in the anti-peristaltic medication Lomotil, which also contains atropine.
It consists of carboxymethylcellulose, polyinosinic-polycytidylic acid, and poly-L-lysine double-stranded RNA.
In the United States a course of treatment typically costs less than 25 USD.
It was originally made by Nycomed, which then merged with Amersham which finally was bought by Jeff Immelt to become GE Healthcare.
Pegfilgrastim is a PEGylated form of the recombinant human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor analog filgrastim.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
As of 2015 the cost for a typical month of medication in the United States is 50 to 100 USD.
It has approximately equal affinity for the CB1 and CB2 receptors, with a Ki of 6.6nM at CB1 and 6.9nM at CB2.
Unlike its enantiomer, BD1031, BD1018 acts as a sigma receptor antagonist.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is between 0.04 and 0.29 USD per dose as of 2014.
It is synthesized from strains of Streptomyces narbonensis var.
Lidocaine, also known as xylocaine and lignocaine is a medication used to numb tissue in a specific area.
3,4-Dimethoxy-N-methylamphetamine is a psychoactive drug and research chemical of the phenethylamine and amphetamine chemical classes.
The vaccine is available either by itself or along with the MMR vaccine, in a version known as the MMRV vaccine.
It is the calcium salt of dobesilic acid.
2,N,N-Trimethyltryptamine, 2,N,N-TMT, or 2-Me-DMT is a tryptamine derivative that is a psychedelic drug.
Troxacitabine is a nucleoside analogue with anticancer activity.
Notably, NDMC has also been shown to act as a potent and efficacious agonist at the M1 and δ-opioid receptors, unlike clozapine as well.
Alefacept is a genetically engineered immunosuppressive drug.
Poly I:C is known to interact with toll-like receptor 3, which is expressed in the membrane of B-cells, macrophages and dendritic cells.
Etrolizumab is a biopharmaceutical drug candidate being developed for the treatment of ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease.
The drug acts as a selective inhibitor of the enzyme phosphodiesterase 4 and inhibits spontaneous production of TNF-alpha from human rheumatoid synovial cells.
Cyclopentolate drops act rapidly to dilate the pupil.
Fluocinolone acetonide is a corticosteroid primarily used in dermatology to reduce skin inflammation and relieve itching.
Roxindole is a dopaminergic and serotonergic drug which was originally developed for the treatment of schizophrenia.
In contrast with typical anxiolytic medications such as benzodiazepines, mebicar is non-habit forming, non-sedating and does not impair motor function.
Eptifibatide is a cyclic heptapeptide derived from a protein found in the venom of the southeastern pygmy rattlesnake.
4-Methylmethamphetamine is a putative stimulant and entactogen drug of the amphetamine class.
Flunitrazepam has been referred to as a date rape drug even though its incidence is very rare in reported rape cases.
Reactive oxygen species and reactive nitrogen species participate in pathological tissue damage.
While its exact mechanism of action is not well characterized, it is believed to be an NMDA receptor antagonist, but also promoting the synthesis of dopamine.
It is used locally in a 4% solution or ointment.
Internationally, heroin is controlled under Schedules I and IV of the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs.
High doses of the antidepressant fluvoxamine may potentiate the adverse effects of ethyl loflazepate.
Demcizumab has completed phase 1 trials and is currently undergoing phase 2 trials.
It has sedative and hypnotic effects and is considered to have a moderate abuse potential.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 2.76 USD per month.
It is a second-generation fluoroquinolone with a broad spectrum of activity that usually results in the death of the bacteria.
It appears to be relatively safe in pregnancy.
Bornaprine is a synthetic anticholinergic medication that is primarily used to treat Parkinson's disease.
Specifically it is used for malaria due to Plasmodium vivax and Plasmodium ovale along with other medications and for prevention if other options cannot be used.
Coluracetam is a nootropic agent of the racetam family.
S33005 is a serotonin–norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor that was under development by Servier for the treatment of depression and related disorders.
MDEA acts as a serotonin, norepinephrine, and dopamine releasing agent and reuptake inhibitor.
Reports indicate side effects include feelings of paranoia, agitation and inability to sleep, with effects lasting for several days at high doses
It is also used in the treatment of heart attacks and unstable angina.
There are seven types of botulinum toxin, named type A–G.
Significant side effects occur in about 25% of people.
The discovery of heparin was announced in 1916.
Ciproxifan is an extremely potent histamine H3 inverse agonist/antagonist.
Caffeine citrate, sold under the trade name Cafcit among others, is a medication used to treat a lack of breathing in premature babies.
ERDRP-0519 is an antiviral drug which is the first drug specifically developed to target the measles morbillivirus.
Bentazepam is a thienodiazepine which is a benzodiazepine analog.
Propranolol appears in the blood after 30 minutes and has a maximum effect between 60 and 90 minutes when taken by mouth.
It was discovered in the lab of Selman Waksman.
It is an oxazolidine prodrug of phenylephrine, and hence, an α1-adrenergic receptor agonist.
Trimix is typically compounded by a pharmacy in a sterile environment and then frozen.
On April 23, 2007, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved 13 generic versions of zolpidem tartrate.
It is also used in the management of neuroleptic malignant syndrome, muscle spasticity, and 2,4-dinitrophenol poisoning, and the related compounds dinoseb and dinoterb.
Deleobuvir was an experimental drug for the treatment of hepatitis C. It was being developed by Boehringer Ingelheim.
Cimetidine was approved in the United Kingdom in 1976, and was approved in the United States by the Food and Drug Administration for prescriptions in 1979.
Epoetin beta is marketed under the trade name NeoRecormon, among others.
It was discovered in 1952 as a product of Streptomyces ambofaciens.
Fasudil is a potent Rho-kinase inhibitor and vasodilator.
The rate of withdrawal symptoms in young people may be higher with paroxetine and venlafaxine than other SSRIs and SNRIs.
Povidone-iodine is a chemical complex of povidone, hydrogen iodide, and elemental iodine.
Florfenicol is a fluorinated synthetic analog of thiamphenicol , mainly used in veterinary medicine.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
SB-206553 is a drug which acts as a mixed antagonist for the 5-HT2B and 5-HT2C serotonin receptors.
It is a methylated derivative of prednisone.
Procaine benzylpenicillin also known as penicillin G procaine, is an antibiotic useful for the treatment of a number of bacterial infections.
Dalfopristin is a semi-synthetic streptogramin antibiotic analogue of ostreogyrcin A.
It has been useful in the mapping of the group II mGluR receptor proteins and their molecular modeling.
A-796,260 is a drug developed by Abbott Laboratories that acts as a potent and selective cannabinoid CB2 receptor agonist.
The polyketide antibiotic was isolated from Nocardia argentinensis.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Brand name Stadol was recently discontinued by the manufacturer.
Etynodiol, or ethynodiol, also known as 3β-hydroxynorethisterone, is a steroidal progestin related to norethisterone which was never marketed.
It was discovered at Janssen Pharmaceutica in 1968.
When inhaled or injected, the effects last a short period of time: about 5 to 15 minutes.
It was discovered at Janssen Pharmaceutica in 1963.
Inositol Nicotinate is given the term Inositol hexaniacinate, as well as "No-Flush Niacin".
There are concerns that injecting it into a joint can cause problems with the cartilage.
Cerivastatin was voluntarily withdrawn from the market worldwide in 2001, due to reports of fatal rhabdomyolysis.
Arbaclofen placarbil is a prodrug of R-baclofen.
Solithromycin has activity against most common respiratory Gram-(+) and fastidious Gram-(-) pathogens, and is being evaluated for its utility in treating gonorrhea.
Rhynchophylline is a non-competitive NMDA antagonist and a calcium channel blocker.
The drug is the third inhibitor of GPIIb/IIIa that has found broad acceptance after the specific antibody abciximab and the non-peptide tirofiban entered the global market.
It is used in the treatment of dyspepsia, peptic ulcer disease, gastroesophageal reflux disease, and Zollinger-Ellison syndrome.
It is used by mouth or injection into a vein.
It was given a U.S. Food and Drug Administration fast-track approval and was approved on June 17, 2005.
For certain infections it is given with flucytosine.
Echinopsidine is found naturally in Echinops echinatus along with the related alkaloids echinopsine and echinozolinone.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about US$47 a dose as of 2014.
Development of the drug was abandoned in January 2011.
It is described by Alexander Shulgin in the book TiHKAL.
Side effects of fentanyl analogs are similar to those of fentanyl itself, which include itching, nausea and potentially serious respiratory depression, which can be life-threatening.
The presence of two distinct pharmacophores confers on biphalin a high affinity for both μ and δ opioid receptors, therefore it has analgesic activity.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, a list of the most important medication needed in a basic health system.
These investigators also patented the protein, selling all rights to its use to Immunex, a biotechnology company that was acquired by Amgen in 2002.
It is broken down into its active metabolite, desfesoterodine, by plasma esterases.
An allergic reaction and infection with Clostridium difficile, a type of diarrhea, is also possible.
Phase II trials for Sjögren’s Syndrome were more successful.
Neurogen was acquired by Ligand Pharmaceuticals in August, 2009, and NGD-4715 was not listed among the key assets in the Business Wire article.
Cefdinir is a third-generation oral cephalosporin antibiotic sold under the brand names Cefzon and Omnicef.
Some other cyclopyrrolone drugs include zopiclone and eszopiclone.
Cantuzumab mertansine is an antibody-drug conjugate investigated to treat colorectal cancer and other types of cancer.
The elimination half-life is between approximately 2–4 hours.
The drug is a potential first-in-class agent for prevention of reperfusion injury in CABG surgery.
Common side effects when used by injection include allergic reactions, pancreatitis, blood clotting problems, high blood sugar, kidney problems, and liver dysfunction.
Carbubarb is a carbamate-substituted barbiturate derivative, which has sedative effects.
Ebalzotan is a selective 5-HT1A receptor agonist.
It may be used within the vagina or by injection into a vein.
For adults, separate combination vaccines are used that adjust the relative concentrations of their components.
Prolensa and Bromday are the once-daily formulation of bromfenac, while Xibrom was approved for twice-daily administration.
Together with sevoflurane, it is gradually replacing isoflurane for human use, except in economically undeveloped areas, where its high cost precludes its use.
Doripenem was approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration on October 12, 2007, to be sold under the tradename Doribax.
It also has been used in the treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia.
Ketamine, sold under the brand name Ketalar among others, is a medication mainly used for starting and maintaining anesthesia.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
Phenadoxone is generally considered to be a strong opioid analgesic and is regulated in much the same way as morphine where it is used.
Often used in conjunction with sulfathiazole and sulfacetamide as a topical, intravaginal antibacterial preparation.
It is a tricyclic aryl derivative that acts as a competitive antagonist at the CB2 cannabinoid receptor.
SL-651,498 is a subtype-selective GABAA agonist, which acts as a full agonist at α2 and α3 subtypes, and as a partial agonist at α1 and α5.
There are concerns from animal studies that it may increase the risk of cancer but this concerns have not be found in human trials.
It is an analogue of fentanyl with around one quarter the potency of fentanyl.
Phthalylsulfathiazole belongs to the group of drugs called sulfonamides.
Cilansetron is a drug that is a 5HT-3 antagonist currently under trial phase in the EU and US it is manufactured by Solvay Pharmaceuticals INC.
Usage declined in the 1980s as piperaquine-resistant strains of P. falciparum arose and artemisinin-based antimalarials became available.
Artemisinin is isolated from the plant Artemisia annua, sweet wormwood, a herb employed in Chinese traditional medicine.
The first HPV vaccine became available in 2006.
Thus they see a continued specialty role in treatment of severe shortness of breath that does not improve in the first five minutes of salbutamol treatment.
September 2011 : Solithromycin demonstrated comparable efficacy to levofloxacin with reduced adverse events in Phase 2 trial in people with community-acquired pneumonia
Diethylcarbamazine is a medication used in the treatment of filariasis including lymphatic filariasis, tropical pulmonary eosinophilia, and loiasis.
It was licensed by the FDA for CMV in Aug 1998, and was the first antisense drug that was approved.
Rarely liver problems or low blood cell levels may occur.
Other uses include inside kidney dialysis machines.
The company has announced phase I clinical trials.
Use during breastfeeding appears to be relatively safe.
Minretumomab is a mouse monoclonal antibody that was designed for the treatment of cancers that express the TAG-72 antigen.
The drug was approved in the United Kingdom in 1991 and in United States in 1994 by the FDA.
Its use in people with HIV/AIDS should be done with care.
Gacyclidine is a psychoactive drug which acts as a dissociative via functioning as a non-competitive NMDA receptor antagonist.
Osemozotan is a selective 5-HT1A receptor agonist with some functional selectivity, acting as a full agonist at presynaptic and a partial agonist at postsynaptic 5-HT1A receptors.
It can also be used for the labelling of leukocytes to localise intra-abdominal infections and inflammatory bowel disease.
Bitopertin is a glycine transporter 1 inhibitor that increases levels of the neurotransmitter glycine by inhibiting its reuptake from the synaptic cleft.
In the United Kingdom a month of medication costs the NHS about 2.12 pounds.
It is also approved for this indication in combination with vilanterol.
Elsewhere it is commonly sold under the trade name Nasea and in India as Nozia.
While delmadinone is sometimes used as a synonym for delmadinone acetate, it usually refers to delmadinone acetate, not delmadinone.
Side effects include allergic reactions, cold sores, and inflammation of the cornea.
Hattori Y, and Inomata N. Modes of the Na channel blocking action of pilsicainide, a new antiarrhythmic agent, in cardiac cells.
37 by Numark Laboratories, Inc. for oral pain relief and as an antiseptic.
Dacemazine is a phenothiazine derivative which acts as an histamine antagonist at the H1 subtype.
Dofetilide is a class III antiarrhythmic agent.
It is a carbacephem, but it is sometimes grouped together with the second-generation cephalosporin antibiotics.
The antihistamine agent terfenadine produces azacyclonol as an active major metabolite.
It is also used in other animals.
Three amino acids and two vitamins are organosulfur compounds.
Dienestrol is a close analogue of diethylstilbestrol.
Use in pregnancy is known to harm the baby.
Later, it was discovered to be a highly potent dopamine reuptake inhibitor.
Colistin is a decades-old drug that fell out of favor in human medicine due to its kidney toxicity.
Tioconazole ointments serve to treat women's vaginal yeast infections.
The acellular vaccines are more commonly used in the developed world due to less side effects.
Reteplase also binds fibrin with lower affinity than alteplase, improving its ability to penetrate into clots.
It was used particularly for obstetric analgesia and in dental procedures and, like pethidine, could be combined with hydroxyzine to intensify the effects.
Although the pharmaceutical product is often simply called "interferon alpha" or "IFN-α" like its endogenous counterpart, the product's INN is interferon alfa.
The potential for psychological dependence is similar to that of zolpidem.
Binding to cell membranes and plasma proteins may be involved in the compound's cytotoxic effects.
Thiolutin is a sulfur-containing antibiotic, which is a potent inhibitor of bacterial and yeast RNA polymerases.
It is not approved by the Food and Drug Administration for use in the United States.
It acts primarily as a norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor similarly to desipramine.
Pathohistochemical studies have revealed that the volume of the infarction in the middle cerebral artery occlusion model could be decreased by nilvadipine.
It was first introduced in a few European countries, Argentina, Taiwan and Israel in 1970.
It is now less commonly employed for this purpose as the newer drug naloxone tends to be used instead.
Maximum effect is around 20 minutes when given intravenously and 60 minutes when given by mouth, while duration of effect is between three and seven hours.
It is the 3-cyclopentyl ether of ethinylestriol, and is also known as ethinylestriol cyclopentyl ether.
As with other surfactants, marked improvement on oxygenation may occur within minutes of the administration of poractant alfa.
It was developed by a team at Ferring Pharmaceuticals.
Cerezyme is a freeze-dried medicine containing imiglucerase, manufactured by Genzyme Corporation.
Isosorbide dinitrate is a medication used for heart failure, esophageal spasms, and to treat and prevent chest pain from not enough blood flow to the heart.
Sodium stibogluconate has been studied as early as 1937 and has been in medical use since the 1940s.
It has undergone Phase III clinical trials, but is not yet approved for use in the United States by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
Propylamphetamine is a psychoactive drug and research chemical of the phenethylamine and amphetamine chemical classes which acts as a stimulant.
Biphenylindanone A is a research agent which acts as a potent and selective positive allosteric modulator for the group II metabotropic glutamate receptor subtype mGluR2.
It was developed by Cubist Pharmaceuticals, following acquisition of Trius Therapeutics, and is marketed for the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections).
Such drugs are speculated to be useful as potential antidepressants, but few examples have been reported in the literature as yet.
Sofosbuvir is in the nucleotide analog family of medication and works by blocking the hepatitis C NS5B protein.
Cortisol is a steroid hormone, in the glucocorticoid class of hormones.
The drug uses the monoclonal mouse IgG1 antibody ibritumomab in conjunction with the chelator tiuxetan, to which a radioactive isotope is added.
Tixocortol is a corticosteroid used as an intestinal anti-inflammatory and decongestant.
Homatropine methylbromide or Methylhomatropine bromide is a quaternary ammonium salt of methylhomatropine.
Spironolactone followed and had both good oral bioavailability and potency, and was the first antimineralocorticoid to be marketed.
Etravirine is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor.
Dienestrol, also known as dienoestrol, is a synthetic, nonsteroidal estrogen of the stilbestrol group used to treat menopausal symptoms in the United States and Europe.
Brofaromine is a reversible inhibitor of monoamine oxidase A discovered by Ciba-Geigy.
