Incumbent Democratic Governor Joseph Brennan was term limited and unable to seek re-election.
Republican candidate Redfield Proctor, Jr. defeated Democratic candidate J. Holmes Jackson to succeed him.
The 2008 United States presidential election in Nebraska took place on November 4, 2008 as part of the 2008 United States presidential election.
The newly elected members of the 29th Dáil assembled on Thursday 6 June 2002.
All 75 seats in the Parliament were up for election.
Like most Southern states between Reconstruction and the civil rights era, Louisiana's Republican Party had virtually no electoral support.
Roosevelt carried New York State with 53.13% of the vote to Parker's 42.28%, a victory margin of 10.85%.
The Mauritian Militant Movement-led coalition under Paul Berenger finished second with 18 seats.
Eleven new English seats were created and six abolished, and there were over 170 major alterations to constituencies across the country.
Under Article III Sec 2 of the 1812 Constitution of the State of Louisiana the Governor was elected in two steps.
This was the first Alberta election in which Treaty Indians had the right to vote.
300 single-seat constituencies for the Jatiyo Sangshad were contested by 1,935 candidates representing 54 parties and including 484 independents.
Presidential elections were held in Chile on 4 September 1970.
The election was for 14 of the 28 elected seats at the 2008 election, for a four-year term.
This is also the first time that Labour has not been part of the administration of this Council for over 30 years.
Democratic Party of Minnesota candidate John Lind defeated Republican Party of Minnesota challenger William Henry Eustis.
In Hawaii, candidates for Governor and Lieutenant Governor run in separate primaries and are then elected on the same ticket.
Its support continued to slide, however, as voters opted for the change that the Liberal-NDP arrangement provided, with even Grossman losing his own seat.
Truman was Vice President under President Franklin D. Roosevelt and was thrust into the presidency following Roosevelt's death.
German citizens living in Austria and Sudeten Germans living in the newly-formed Czechoslovakia were allowed to vote in the elections, despite Czechoslovak objections.
The 1906 Minnesota gubernatorial election took place on November 6, 1906.
Registered members of each party only voted in their party's primary, while voters who were unaffiliated chose any one primary in which to vote.
He was the first Democrat to win a presidential election without Texas since its statehood.
A total of 1,750 candidates contested the elections for the 350 seats.
In the general election, Baldacci, Woodcock, Green Independent Party candidate Pat LaMarche, and independents Barbara Merrill and Phillip Morris Napier appeared on the ballot.
Ohio weighed in for this election as 2% more Republican than the national average.
Alberta Municipal Affairs recognized those conducted by 21 of these municipalities.
Parliamentary elections were held in Poland on 4 March 1928, with Senate elections held a week later on 11 March.
Senator John Ensign, was narrowly elected to his first full term over Congresswoman Shelley Berkley.
His pro-democracy supporters hoped that he could keep both right-wing extremists and left-wing extremists in check, pgs.
Hustings took place at the Green Party of England and Wales' conference, and the results were announced on 5 September at approximately 8pm.
General elections were held in Costa Rica on February 2, 1986.
Clinton ultimately won the national vote, defeating incumbent President Bush.
The 2018 Illinois gubernatorial election will take place on November 6, 2018, to elect the Governor of Illinois.
Despite the fact that polls showed McCain in the lead throughout much of 2008, Obama took the momentum in the two months before Election Day.
The New Zealand Labour Party leadership election 1963 was held on 26 February to choose the sixth leader of the New Zealand Labour Party.
Reagan won Pennsylvania by a margin of 7.11%.
The 2015 elections to Nottingham City Council were held on 7 May 2015 to elect all 55 members to the Council across 20 wards.
The 1998 United States Senate election in Pennsylvania was held on November 3, 1998.
The Liberal Democrats had only one AM returned, down from five.
Former president and Alliance Lepep leader, 84-year-old Anerood Jugnauth became prime minister in the Indian Ocean island nation.
The elections were for five non-permanent seats on the UN Security Council for two-year mandates commencing on 1 January 2006.
In the midst of nationwide Republican landslide, New Jersey voted basically how the nation voted, its result being 1% more Republican than the national average.
Senator Wyche Fowler in the Senate election runoff and gaining three of Georgia's U.S. House seats.
The British Columbia general election of 2001 was the 37th provincial election in the Province of British Columbia, Canada.
On the first Monday in July, eligible voters went to the polls and voted.
In Hackney there was also a mayoral referendum vote.
Senator and President pro tempore Daniel Inouye won re-election to his ninth term.
All 84 seats in the Cortes were up for election.
The Ontario Conservative Party, led by William Ralph Meredith, won eight additional seats.
779 of 1,169 seats in the regional parliaments were up for election.
The governing Ontario Progressive Conservative Party, led by William Davis, was re-elected for a twelfth consecutive term in office.
Municipal elections in California are officially non-partisan, though some candidates do receive funding and support from various political parties.
Most divisions returned one County Councillor under the first past the post system which is used for most local government elections in England and Wales.
An election to Cambridgeshire County Council took place on 4 June 2009 as part of the United Kingdom local elections, 2009.
Final results of the popular vote tally showed that Golkar, the former ruling party of the New Order era, received the largest number of votes.
The election saw the reelection of a Hawke government, the fourth successive term.
The maximum term could be and normally was curtailed, by the monarch dissolving the Parliament, before its term expired.
However, post-election violence threatened to plunge the nation into civil war, before the situation began to calm in 2007.
The Missouri gubernatorial election of 1828 was Missouri's fourth gubernatorial election.
After that, the candidate of Democratic Party seemed a shoo-in for victory.
Labor won a majority in the election, although the party's vote was significantly reduced.
While the bulk of states held their elections in 1824, six states scheduled their general elections at various times during 1825.
Bush received 40.89% of the vote to Clinton's 39.00%.
The SPD and Greens had nominated Gesine Schwan, currently head of the Viadrina European University in Frankfurt.
The 2014 California State Controller election was held on November 4, 2014, to elect the State Controller of California.
In presidential elections, Connecticut is usually expected to fall into the Democrats' electoral vote column, as no Republican has won the state since 1988.
Others that left were Virgilio Calvo and Mariano Zúñiga from the calderonist faction that made their own new party; National Front.
Republican John McCain kept South Carolina in the GOP column in 2008, clinching 53.87% of the vote.
There are six legislative districts in the city.
Republican Charles Smith Olden defeated Democratic nominee Edwin R. V. Wright with 50.76% of the vote.
North Carolina also held a gubernatorial election on the same day, but the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor are elected independently.
Under California's nonpartisan blanket primary law, all candidates appear on the same ballot, regardless of party.
Due to term limits placed on him by the Oklahoma Constitution, incumbent Democratic Governor Brad Henry could not seek re-election.
There were 492 out of the 738 persons on the jury lists of the year voted.
Elections were held in the Australian state of Queensland on 22 May 1915 to elect the 72 members of the state's Legislative Assembly.
Representatives from the state of South Carolina, one from each of the state's seven congressional districts.
Incumbent Democrat John Lynch defeated Republican James B. Coburn and won a second term as Governor of New Hampshire.
Of the estimated 596,406 eligible voters, only 199,359 turned in a ballot, a voter turnout of 33.4%.
Jefferson won Pennsylvania by a wide margin of 89.38%.
Voters chose 25 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
The result was a victory for Ikililou Dhoinine, who received 61% of the vote.
All of the 120 seats in the Chamber of Deputies were contested, while 20 out of 38 seats in the Senate were up for election.
However Dole edged out Clinton statewide with strong victories in several highly populated counties.
The election saw the lowest voter turnout since independence.
After more conflict with the Council, Price and Peake obtained an early election, and campaigned as a "ministerial alliance".
The 1910 Minnesota gubernatorial election took place on November 8, 1910.
The run off election took place on December 2, 2008.
This was to be the party's last victory, however.
Governor Abraham J. Williams did not stand for election and John Miller was elected over William Carr, David Todd, and Missouri Attorney General Rufus Easton.
Robert Ehrlich and running mate Kristen Cox—were elected to serve from 2007 to 2011.
Members were elected citywide via the single transferable vote.
Goldwater’s unsuccessful bid influenced the modern conservative movement and the long-time realignment within the Republican Party, which culminated in the 1980 presidential victory of Ronald Reagan.
Two independent councillors remained outside the Angus Alliance.
The Pennsylvania gubernatorial election of 1894 occurred on November 6, 1894.
The 2002 Nevada gubernatorial election took place on November 5, 2002.
Republican businessman Steve Daines won the open seat.
He was challenged by Democratic nominee Jim Martin and Libertarian nominee Allen Buckley.
One for Latin America and the Caribbean
In 1979 the first direct elections to the European Parliament were held in France.
Key to Smith's strength in New York State was his sweep of the massively populated 5 boroughs of New York City.
An election to Longford County Council took place on 27 June 1991 as part of that year's Irish local elections.
The by-election was contested by one of Portman's friends, Sir Francis Warre, 1st Baronet, and Thomas Baker, a Taunton merchant.
Voter turnout was reported to be 94.6%.
The result was a victory for the Ba'ath Party, which won 134 of the 250 seats.
In reaction terrorist group Jaish-e-Mohammad had conducted a suicide car bomb attack in Srinagar killing six people just hours before Azad's swearing-in.
Annkathrin Kammeyer's election made her the youngest member of the Hamburg Parliament in history, at 21 years of age.
The 2004 United States Senate election in Iowa was held on November 2, 2004.
The next election was held in 2004.
The 1954 Oregon gubernatorial election took place on November 2, 1954.
Prior to the election Bainimarama was an Independent but stood for the FijiFirst Party in 2014.
Hayes and his ministry lasted only until August 1923.
It was the last time Wisconsin had voted for a Republican in a Presidential election until the 2016 presidential election.
This was the Liberals' fourth consecutive win since 2003 and an improvement from their performance in the 2011 election.
First elected to Congress in 1936, Voorhis had defeated lackluster Republican opposition four times in the then-rural Los Angeles County district to win re-election.
Saca represented GANA, the National Conciliation Party, and the Christian Democratic Party in the UNIDAD coalition.
Parliamentary elections were held in Bulgaria on 18 December 1994.
Only one county voted for Bush, sparsely populated Essex County in the far northeast of the state, which Bush won with 54.17% of the vote.
Senator Rick Santorum won re-election to a second term.
On May 30–31 the elections were held in Sicily and Sardinia.
Only 71 of the 190 sitting MPs were re-elected, twenty ministers lost their seats and a record 15 female MPs were elected.
On 2 September Prime Minister Kostas Karamanlis announced he would request President Karolos Papoulias to dissolve Parliament and call an election.
In the Ames Straw Poll, George W. Bush finished first with 31% of the vote.
This was also the first presidential election after the passage of the Twenty-sixth Amendment, which decreased the voting age from 21 to 18.
Elections to Wirral Metropolitan Borough Council were held on 1 May 2008.
The notional results and seat changes are shown in the results box for this article.
Supporters of Alexandros Koumoundouros emerged as the largest bloc in Parliament, holding 95 of the 170 seats.
The Conservatives were perceived as being unequivocal in their support for Gibraltar's continued British status.
The 2014 United States House of Representatives elections in North Carolina were held on Tuesday, November 4, 2014 to elect the 13 U.S.
Babbitt was the former Attorney General of Arizona, but after the death of Governor Wesley Bolin, Babbit became governor.
The Progressive Conservative Party finished second with twenty seats.
Hart accused Packer of having been a locum tenens for Sewell.
Juan Manuel Urtubey got an important victory in Salta against Romero, and kept the province for the FPV.
The Bharatiya Janata Party led NDA fought the election alongside the Lok Janshakti Party, the Rashtriya Lok Samata Party and Hindustani Awam Morcha.
Clinton ultimately won the national vote, defeating incumbent President Bush and Perot.
The motion passed on division: 20 for, 4 against.
He also won his seat by the second-largest margin of victory.
Even if the challenged votes were all thrown out, Murkowski still had a lead of over 2,100 votes when the counting was done.
Hess was a strong supporter of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt's New Deal while Martin was a frequent critic of the program.
Crawford Vaughan, National Labor leader, did not take a place in the ministry.
This would remain the case until the adoption of the 1970 constitution.
The Pennsylvania gubernatorial election of 1875 occurred on October 12, 1875.
From this point onwards both parties would lose support in opinion polls and in successive regional and local elections.
This was the first election since 1892 when Grand Isle County had backed a losing candidate.
Those elections were cancelled and the term was extended until 1 April 1986.
Cleveland narrowly carried New York State with a plurality of 48.25% of the vote to Blaine's 48.15%, a victory margin of 0.10%.
The global financial crisis, flooding in Poland and the Smolensk disaster were the main themes in the last months of the election campaign.
One independent candidate, Duane Mutch of Larimore, North Dakota, also filed before the deadline.
Incumbent Democratic Senator Mary Landrieu ran for re-election to a fourth term in office against Republican U.S. Representative Bill Cassidy and several other candidates.
At stake were all seats in the City Council, determining the Mayor of Barcelona.
He was challenged by another leftist, a former ally of his, Zulia Governor Francisco Arias Cárdenas.
The election was won by Muhammad Khoda Baksh of the Indian National Congress.
The 2004 North Dakota gubernatorial election took place on 2 November 2004 for the post of Governor of North Dakota.
A total of 189 candidates are running for all local positions in the province and in six municipalities of Siquijor.
The Northern Ireland general election, 1962 was held on 31 May 1962.
The British Polling Council began an inquiry into the substantial variance between opinion polls and the actual result.
This would be the last free presidential election held in Brazil until 1985.
The one-term Nationalist-Country coalition government, led by Premier Sir James Mitchell, was defeated by the Labor Party, led by Opposition Leader Philip Collier.
It won nearly 1/3 of India, as such it gained the negotiating power to begin partitioning India.
The party was a coalition formed by United Malays National Organisation, Malayan Chinese Association and Malayan Indian Congress.
The primaries were held on April 26.
Nonetheless, Wilson attracted many voters who had earlier supported Roosevelt.
Incumbent Democratic Congressman Peter Welch was re-elected to a fifth term in office.
It only ran candidates in 19 ridings, none of whom came close to being elected.
The Columbus mayoral election of 1899 was the 52nd mayoral election in Columbus, Ohio.
The result was a victory for the Liberal Party, which won 242 of the 466 seats.
Under the alternating system, elections were only held in four out of the nine provinces: Hainaut, Limburg, Liège and East Flanders.
Political activist Ralph Nader finished in third with 2.57% of the popular vote, and businessman Ross Perot finished in fourth with 1.94%.
Massachusetts had been a Democratic-leaning state since 1928, and a Democratic stronghold since 1960.
The Umbrian regional election of 2000 took place on 16 April 2000.
As with the previous 2006 elections, these are no longer organised by the Belgian federal state but instead by the respective regions:
The 1898 South Dakota gubernatorial election was held on November 8, 1898, to elect a Governor of South Dakota to a two-year term.
The 2003 Lower Saxony state election was held in Lower Saxony in north-western Germany on 2 February 2003.
Incumbent Republican Senator Ron Johnson was re-elected to a second term in office.
Amidst a major corruption scandal involving local center-right politicians, former Prime Minister Robert Fico's Direction – Social Democracy won an absolute majority of seats.
The second party was the Coalition of the Radical Left with 27% of the votes and 71 seats.
Republican Party of Minnesota candidate Harold Levander defeated Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party challenger Karl Rolvaag.
Out of the 410 members of the European Parliament, 81 were elected from the UK.
The official party line was that they supported President Lübke's re-election.
Donald Trump won the election in Alaska with 51.28% of the vote.
Incumbent Republican Governor of Georgia Sonny Perdue ran for re-election to a second and final term as governor.
A lawsuit challenging the districts under Florida's Congressional District Boundaries Amendment was filed in 2012 and was resolved in 2015.
Manila held its local elections on Monday, May 9, 2016, as a part of the 2016 Philippine general election.
Parliamentary elections were held in Portugal on 18 November 1945.
Jackson won Mississippi by a margin of 29.97%.
Voters chose 7 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
The 1832 United States presidential election in Pennsylvania took place between November 2 and December 5, 1832, as part of the 1832 United States presidential election.
Therefore, this election determined the 16th President.
Romney won South Dakota by an 18.2 percent margin of victory.
The 1945 Dunedin North by-election was a by-election held during the 27th New Zealand Parliament in the Dunedin electorate of Dunedin North.
The Scottish Socialist Party and the Scottish Senior Citizens Unity Party, which won seats in the 2003 election, lost all of their seats.
Local government in Northern Ireland was reorganised in 1973 by the Local Government Act 1971 and the Local Government Act 1972.
Baker defeated Coakley and three other candidates in the general election.
A total of 511 seats were contested:
Peake sought the alliance stating "the only difference between us is a difference of degree and of speed".
The 2008 United States Senate election in Kansas was held on November 4, 2008.
Udall's win ended 36 years of Republican control of this seat.
Although Arias was expected to win by a wide margin, the actual polling reports were unexpectedly close.
Despite Wyoming's strong inclination to elect Republicans, a contentious race ensued, with Freudenthal ultimately edging out Bebout by fewer than 4,000 votes.
However, on election day Bush performed better than what polls showed.
The alliance, however, failed to achieve its self-stated goal to attain an absolute majority on its own.
It followed the seat being declared vacant because of the ill-health of the incumbent Opposition MP Dr. Falesa Pitoi, on health grounds.
Only citizens paying taxes were eligible to vote, and despite this, the Ultra-royalists loyal to Charles X of France came in second.
Incumbent Democratic Senator Tim Johnson decided to retire instead of running for re-election to a fourth term in office.
Republican candidate John W. Geary defeated Democratic candidate Hiester Clymer to become Governor of Pennsylvania.
Wagner would be sworn into the first of his 3 terms in January 1954, replacing outgoing independent Mayor Vincent R. Impellitteri.
Hoover's running mate was incumbent Vice President Charles Curtis of Kansas, while Roosevelt ran with incumbent Speaker of the House John Nance Garner of Texas.
The senators elected went on to serve in the 54th Congress.
General elections were held in Turkey on 12 October 1969.
The 1980 South Carolina United States Senate election was held on November 4, 1980 to select the U.S.
Rae's subamendment was adopted by a vote of 139-133, bringing down the government and forcing a new election.
The 166 newly elected members of the 28th Dáil assembled on 26 June 1997 when a new Taoiseach and government were appointed.
The election was won by Grey MP Harry Holland.
The conservative Social Credit of Premier W.A.C.
This system lasted until 1894 when a secret ballot was first used in a by-election in the Whitewood district.
Under California's nonpartisan blanket primary law, all candidates appear on the same ballot, regardless of party.
The 1976 United States Senate election in Tennessee took place on November 2, 1976.
His supporters did enter his name in the Wisconsin primary.
The Conservative Party lost 516 seats and were left with 7,286 councillors.
The 1996 United States Senate election in Maine was held November 5, 1996.
The following is a timeline of major events leading up to, during, and after the United States presidential election of 2016.
Citizens eligible to vote elected the President, the Governor and two Senators per state, plus state and federal deputies.
The regional elections were held on the same day as the European elections and the federal elections.
The Ulster Unionists increased their vote share largely due to a reduction in the number of uncontested seats, but also picked up two additional seats.
The election saw the Conservative Party lose overall control of the council, instead overtaken in number of seats by the Labour Party, without any absolute majority.
Raza Unida candidate Ramsey Muniz won 6%, while the remaining 2% were cast for other candidates.
Washington, D.C. voters chose 3 electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Voters chose 11 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
In 1147, the Crusaders under Afonso Henriques reconquered the city and since then it has been a major political, economic and cultural centre of Portugal.
After the 1996 election, Arkansas would then return to being solidly Republican.
City Councilman Jeff Longwell defeated retired business executive Sam Williams to become the next Mayor.
Senator Paul Laxalt won re-election to a second term.
The Liberals were reduced to 21 seats in May 2014 when Martin Hamilton-Smith became an independent and entered cabinet with Brock.
The incumbent Catholic-Liberal government led by Henri Jaspar continued after the election.
Democrat Mitch Landrieu, the Lieutenant Governor of Louisiana, was elected Mayor in a landslide and was sworn in on May 3, 2010.
The 1990 Georgia gubernatorial election was held on November 6, 1990.
The 1828 United States presidential election in Delaware took place between October 31 and December 2, 1828, as part of the 1828 United States presidential election.
The 1836 United States presidential election in Louisiana took place between November 3 and December 7, 1836, as part of the 1836 United States presidential election.
Most notably, Labor regained seats in west Sydney, the Central Coast and the lower Hunter.
Previous primary votes were counted on seats contested, while the two-party vote was estimated for all seats.
As a result of this election Thomas Overton Moore became Governor of Louisiana.
The House of Assembly was increased from 166 to 171 members.
Oklahoma weighed in for this election as 4% more third-party than the national average.
Democrat Janice Hahn received the highest number of votes, with Republican Craig Huey taking second place.
Meanwhile, MGR had developed a close relationship with Indira and supported the Emergency.
The previous leadership election had occurred in 2005.
The by-election was won by the sitting Mayor of Palmerston North, Jimmy Nash with a majority of 315.
Voters chose fourteen representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
While the election was conducted relatively peacefully, the collection of the results has proven chaotic, leading to armed clashes and growing fears of instability.
The night before the elections on April 6, 1978, a noise barrage was organized by the supporters of which occurred up to dawn.
Whilst Labour won a plurality of seats, they were unable to reach Jagland's 36.9% threshold, gaining 35% of the vote.
New York voters chose 39 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President.
The race was so close that Ford was unable to secure the nomination until the Party Convention.
Prior to 1960, Massachusetts had usually been a swing state, and Republican Dwight Eisenhower had carried it by 19 points in 1956.
This is only the third time in the last four decades that a sitting auditor in Missouri has been unseated.
This procedure was not used in 1987 as a number of eligible candidates emerged.
General elections were held in Luxembourg on 17 June 1984.
Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam was re-elected, after its first victory under the leadership of C N Annadurai in 1967.
The two parties gaining the most seats were the Czech Social Democratic Party and the new party ANO 2011.
The 1936 United States presidential election in New York took place on November 3, 1936.
The Kuomintang chairmanship election of 2015 was held on 17 January 2015 in Taiwan.
This was the first by-election of the 56th UK Parliament.
If he died during his next term, the Vice President would become President, making the vice presidential nomination very important.
Burton's election was the ninth consecutive victory for the Republicans in Maine gubernatorial races.
The elections saw a poor result for the recently formed Liberal Democrats, with the party losing 10% of its vote and 20 council seats.
The whole council was up for election and the Labour Party retained control of the council winning all of the seats.
It was held on June 19, 1930 to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta.
The 2010 Ohio gubernatorial election took place on November 2, 2010.
The total electorate for the 1934 elections was 1,415,892, of which 1,135,899 were in contested constituencies.
The election resulted in a fifth consecutive victory for the National-Liberal Coalition under Joh Bjelke-Petersen.
The 1999 Gedling Borough Council election took place on 6 May 1999 to elect members of Gedling Borough Council in Nottinghamshire, England.
The election resulted in Labor receiving a sixth term in office.
However, under the best loser system, he secured his seat through the representational system.
John Gregg, the former Speaker of the Indiana House of Representatives, was the Democratic nominee.
The legislature gained three seats, and six new elected members.
Over 200,000 candidates have been qualified to run for both city and rural council seats.
The Labour Party leadership election of 1976 occurred when former leader Harold Wilson resigned as Party Leader and Prime Minister.
Four parties contested the by-election, as opposed to the 19 that contested the 2002 general election.
Citizens became the third largest political force in the city, while Republican Left of Catalonia obtained its second best historical result.
The Pennsylvania gubernatorial election of 2002 was held on November 5, 2002, and included the races for the governor and lieutenant governor of Pennsylvania.
Republican state legislator Rob Wittman was elected, defeating Democratic nominee Philip Forgit and independent candidate Lucky Narain.
The centre-left candidate Flavio Delbono was elected mayor at the second round with 60.77% of votes.
No elections were held in the City of Derby, which is a unitary authority outside the area covered by the County Council.
A reassertion of Republican control in the Mid-Atlantic was key in the gain of new seats.
Chandler won the election to fill out the rest of Fletcher's unexpired term.
Meanwhile, the Northern Territory Nationals contested the election again, but lost both of their seats.
The election will use the six wards created under the Local Governance Act 2004, with 22 Councillors being elected.
The 2010 United States Senate election in California took place on November 2, 2010.
The result was a victory for Belisario Betancur of the Conservative Party–National Movement, who received 46.8% of the vote.
Joe Mendola was nominated as the Republican candidate.
Georgia voted for the Democratic candidate, Andrew Jackson, over the National Republican candidate, John Quincy Adams.
New York was won by Democratic Senator John F. Kennedy of Massachusetts, who was running against incumbent Republican Vice President Richard Nixon.
Green Party candidate Ralph Nader, the only third-party candidate represented on most states' ballots, came in a distant third.
Under the alternating system, elections were held in only five out of the nine provinces: Antwerp, Brabant, Luxembourg, Namur and West Flanders.
Bourassa resigned as Liberal leader, and his political career appeared to be over.
Furthermore, it unseated an incumbent mayor from a major political party by one from a minor third party.
The result was a victory for the ruling Democratic and Social Republican Party, which won 67 of the 79 seats in the Assembly.
Incumbent Democratic Senator Chuck Schumer won re-election to a fourth term in office.
The Pennsylvania gubernatorial election of 1848 occurred on November 7, 1848.
By the end of 1918, all opposition parties had been banned, marking the onset of the Bolshevik dictatorship.
The defeat of the governing centre-right parties came as no surprise as the coalition parties had already been defeated in the 1993 local elections.
Truman’s victory thus marked the sixth straight win for the Democratic Party in Massachusetts.
The United States Senate elections, 1984 coincided with the landslide re-election of President Ronald Reagan in the presidential election.
Prince Albert was one of the safest seats in Canada for the Liberals, and King won easily.
This was Kennedy's first election run since the 1969 Chappaquiddick incident.
The Afghan parliamentary election, 2010 to elect members of the House of the People took place on 18 September 2010.
The 2002 Texas gubernatorial election was held on November 5, 2002 to elect the Governor of Texas.
They gained Oldham and Havering from no overall control, and Ealing, Hillingdon, Wandsworth and Sandwell from Labour.
The election was won by Island Bay MP Arnold Nordmeyer.
Parliamentary elections were held in the Maldives on 22 January 2005.
The 2012 Orkney Council election took place on 3 May 2012 to elect members of Orkney Council.
It was also the first time since 1822 that the non-presidential party had failed to gain seats in the mid-term election of a President's second term.
The new senators were sworn in by the next Governor-General Peter Cosgrove on 7 July 2014, with their six-year terms commencing on 1 July.
Incumbent President Woodrow Wilson, a Democrat, in poor health, chose not to run for a third term.
Though eligible for a second term, incumbent governor Mike Lowry chose not to run for reelection due to allegations of sexual harassment.
The 13th Assam Legislative Assembly election was held in two phases on 4 and 11 April, 2011 to elect members from 126 constituencies in Assam, India.
The new government also held a minority of seats in the Senate.
The 1984 congressional election for the Delegate from the District of Columbia was held on November 6, 1984.
The 1980 United States presidential election in Indiana took place on November 4, 1980.
The Social Democrats hold fourteen seats in the General Council, against eleven for the Liberals and three for Andorra for Change.
The opposition Liberal Party withdrew from the election and called for a boycott after their candidate Darío Echandía was the victim of a failed assassination attempt.
South Carolina was won by incumbent United States Vice President George H. W. Bush of Texas, who was running against Massachusetts Governor Michael Dukakis.
The Republican Party nominated incumbent Vice President Richard Nixon, while the Democratic Party nominated John F. Kennedy, U.S.
It was held on August 30, 1971 to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta.
Parliamentary elections were held in the United Arab Republic on 10 March 1964, with a second round on 19 March.
Mitt Romney handily won the state with 58.32% of the vote to Barack Obama's 38.70%, a 19.62% margin of victory.
The 2013 German federal election was held on Sunday, 22 September, to elect the members of the 18th Bundestag of Germany.
Director George H. W. Bush of Texas, and Mondale ran with Representative Geraldine Ferraro of New York, the first major female candidate for the Vice-Presidency.
Ohio voted for the Democratic Party candidate, Andrew Jackson, over the National Republican candidate, Henry Clay, and the Anti-Masonic Party candidate, William Wirt.
Labor's substantial majority survived the election almost intact.
DMDK won 29 seats, more than the 23 seats won by DMK and opted to serve as the official opposition party.
Incumbent Vice President Juan Carlos Varela of the Partido Panameñista was declared the victor with 39% of the votes counted.
All contemporary 48 states, were part of the 1912 United States presidential election.
Senator George W. Malone ran for re-election to a third term, but was defeated by Democrat Howard Cannon.
Incumbent Republican Horace F. Graham, per the "Mountain Rule", did not run for re-election to a second term as Governor of Vermont.
Massachusetts voted for Al Smith in 1928, and for Franklin Roosevelt in his national Democratic landslides of 1932 and 1936.
The additional seats helped to insulate Fine Gael from significant seat losses and they remained the largest party despite losing a seat overall.
Pennsylvania overwhelmingly voted for the Republican nominee, President Theodore Roosevelt, over the Democratic nominee, former Chief Judge of New York Court of Appeals Alton B. Parker.
Voters chose 3 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Incumbent Democratic Governor Bill Ritter announced that he would not run for re-election in 2010.
It was an open primary with 72 delegates at stake.
Punjab went for the Lok sabha elections in two phases-7 May and 13 May.
Papen obtained Hindenburg's consent to form the Hitler Cabinet on 30 January 1933.
Former Wairau MP Lindsay Buick was selected by the government as the official Liberal candidate.
The 1984 United States presidential election in Arizona took place on November 6, 1984.
The run-off date was later agreed to take place on 24 April 2016.
Representatives from the state of Oregon, one from each of the state's five congressional districts.
The ruling coalition performed well, and regain their majority in the House of Councillors.
New Democracy managed to secure an absolute but narrow majority of 152 out of 300 parliament seats.
The 1988 United States presidential election in Illinois took place on November 8, 1988.
Legislative elections in France to elect the 14th legislature of the French Third Republic were held on 22 and 29 April 1928.
2 Republican incumbents failed to secure reelection against Democratic opponents.
Republicans have only lost South Carolina once since the assassination of John F. Kennedy, in 1976.
Kentucky weighed in for this election as 2% more Republican than the national average.
Also, for the first time, the election was conducted on the one day.
The 1992 United States Senate election in Vermont was held on November 3, 1992.
Republicans held a majority of governorships for the first time since before the 2006 elections.
This caused surprise since Dalziel and Johnson are from opposite ends of the political spectrum, but he declined the invitation anyway.
The Portuguese legislative election, 1858 was held on 2 May.
The results were counted and declared on 26 July, to allow time to transport the votes of those serving overseas.
The 1998 United States Senate election in Nevada was held on November 3, 1998.
The 1962 United States Senate election in New York was held on November 6, 1962.
All contemporary 38 states were part of the 1884 United States presidential election.
The main focus of the new elected parliament was to be the selection of the members of the Constituent Assembly of Egypt.
They had fared well in opinion polls and local elections during this time, but issues developed which would lead directly to their defeat.
Mofaz won with 62% of the vote.
The ruling National Union won all 130 seats unopposed.
In the third phase, DMK took advantage by winning both vacant assembly seats.
This assembly met until 30 August 1920 when the Anhui clique was defeated by the Zhili clique in the Zhili-Anhui War.
However, no leadership convention had been held when the Progressive Conservative government fell.
The Liberal Democrats had controlled the council outright since 2003 and led a minority administration since the 2007 election.
Consequently, all 148 seats in the House of Representatives as well as all 76 seats in the Senate were up for election.
Incumbent Chairman Albert Ho re-elected uncontestedly, while Sin Chung-kai and Emily Lau defeated Andrew Cheng as the two Vice-Chairmen.
Both UPA and NDA won one seat each.
The British Virgin Islands general election, 2007 was held in the British Virgin Islands on 20 August 2007.
The official campaign began on 5 September, and several candidates received warnings from the Electoral Affairs Commission for having begun campaign activities beforehand.
The tight, and highly contentious election was one of the stand-out races in 2010.
In terms of the county councils, changes in party control were as follows;
Wyden then defeated Smith in the general election.
Fine Gael, by contrast, had a poor set of results and lost half of their Council seats.
The 2015 Sham Shui Po District Council election was held on 22 November 2015 to elect all 23 members to the Sham Shui Po District Council.
Federal elections were held in Australia on 28 April 1951.
It coincided with the 2008 United States general elections.
Roosevelt ran with incumbent Vice President John Nance Garner of Texas, while Landon’s running mate was newspaper publisher Frank Knox of Illinois.
An election for the leadership of Kadima was held on 27 March 2012, pitting Tzipi Livni against Shaul Mofaz.
Primary elections were held on October 15, in which Democratic State Senator Katherine Clark and Republican Frank Addivinola won their party nominations.
The runner up was Stasys Lozoraitis, an independent candidate endorsed by the Sąjūdis movement and other political parties.
The 1982 United States Senate election in Pennsylvania was held on November 2, 1982.
Pomeroy increased his margin over his opposition for the third year in a row since 2002.
An election to Limerick City Council took place on 10 June 1999 as part of that year's Irish local elections.
Elections were held in the Australian state of Queensland on 11 May 1929 to elect the 72 members of the state's Legislative Assembly.
Polling in the weeks leading up to the campaign gave the Liberals a wide lead over the governing Progressive Conservatives.
Two minor left-wing parties, Republican Left of Catalonia and IU, immediately announced their intention to support Zapatero's government.
She "trailed" him to campaign events, frequently wearing a prisoner's outfit and once dragging a ball and chain behind her.
Voters chose 6 electors to the Electoral College, who voted for president and vice president.
Voters chose 3 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
The 1996 United States presidential election in Oregon took place on November 5, 1996, as part of the 1996 United States presidential election.
Republican incumbent Michael N. Castle was reelected for an eighth term.
Democratic three-term incumbent George Smathers decided to not seek re-election in order to run for the Democratic presidential nomination.
Election themes included a reduction of income tax and VAT on food.
The first election to the State Council of Ceylon were held from 13 to 20 June 1931.
New England as a whole was Hoover's most favorable region, as four of Hoover's six state victories came from New England.
The governing Social Credit Party of British Columbia of Bill Bennett was re-elected with a majority government, and won almost half of the popular vote.
These elections took place in most of England and all of Scotland.
Elections were held for all 294 constituencies.
This was also the first election that a Republican candidate was elected without carry the state.
One of the candidates for the Polish throne was the Duke of Oława and son of the late king, James Louis Sobieski.
Incumbent Republican Mayor Richard J. Berry ran for re-election to a second term in office, and won the election with 68% of the vote.
Bush with 44.97% of the popular vote over Governor Bill Clinton with 40.59%.
The Progressive Conservative Party, led by Peter Lougheed, broke the 36-year hegemony on Alberta politics of the Social Credit Party.
As of 2017, it remains the last Labour general election victory in the UK.
This was the second democratic election since 1987.
An election to Sligo County Council took place on 27 June 1991 as part of that year's Irish local elections.
Hawaii voters chose 4 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President.
Taking into account people registered outside the Russian Federation and the voters in Baikonur, the total number of eligible voters for 1 January 2016 is 111,724,534.
One of Lord Hindlip's brothers, Alfred Percy Allsopp, stood for the Conservative Party, while James Harris Sanders was the candidate for the Liberal Party.
The 1995 Valencian regional election was held on Sunday, 28 May 1995, to elect the 4th Corts of the Valencian Community.
The Republican nominee was former Metropolitan Transportation Authority Chairman Joe Lhota.
On 24 November, António Costa was appointed by the President of the Republic as Prime Minister-designate.
This ultimately gave Bill Clinton a double digit victory in California, despite Bush’s victory just four years earlier.
There were no seat changes from the 2005 General Election, although Labour took back 2 seats that it had lost in by-elections.
Senator Stuart Symington decided to retire, instead of seeking a fifth term.
Packwood was confident despite the popular opponent, because had more money and a better campaign organization.
Weaver supported the Oregon Wilderness Act of 1984.
General elections were held in Malta between 3 and 11 November 1854.
This was the only election of a Whig Governor in Illinois history.
Bush ran with Indiana Senator Dan Quayle as Vice President, and Dukakis ran with Texas Senator Lloyd Bentsen.
Massachusetts had long been a typical Yankee Republican bastion in the wake of the Civil War, having voted Republican in every election from 1856 through 1908.
In the national popular vote, Reagan received 58.8% to Mondale's 40.6% and the percentage of his margin of victory ranks 7th of all presidential elections.
As of 2017, this is the earliest presidential election in which both major candidates are still living.
The primaries were held on May 10.
Voter turnout was 58.4%, although only 47,555 people were eligible to vote.
The election was contested by 921 candidates, and saw the Ba'ath Party win 207 of the 250 seats.
The Indian National Congress emerged in power in eight of the provinces - the three exceptions being Bengal, Punjab, and Sindh.
As of 2016, this is the last Senate election in Rhode Island won by a Republican.
Johnson swept all five counties in Rhode Island with over seventy percent of the vote.
Voters chose 15 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
The seat became vacant due to the death of the sitting Member, William Herries.
Local elections was held in the Biñan City on May 9, 2016 within the Philippine general election.
All 84 seats in the Cortes were up for election.
George Brown and Jennie Lee left Parliament as a result of this election.
The Onslow by-election of 1954 was a by-election for the electorate of Onslow during the 30th New Zealand Parliament.
All 75 seats in the Parliament were up for election.
The Pennsylvania gubernatorial election of 1926 occurred on November 2, 1926.
The United Nations Mission in Haiti spoke of an "apparent grave breach of the electoral process".
The constitution that stipulated a direct popular vote was not completed before 11 August 1919.
This was the first time since 1992 in which the state was won by a Democrat in a presidential election.
Incumbent Republican Governor Kenny Guinn defeated Democratic nominee and Nevada State Senator Joe Neal in a landslide to win a second and final term.
McGovern's strongest county was Strafford County, where he managed 41.3% of the vote to Nixon's 57.8%.
Wilson was widely expected from the outset to call another general election before long, and this happened in October that year.
In the preceding six elections, the state had gone Republican three times and Democratic three times, all but once decided by a single-digit margin.
The Combined Opposition Parties had no single leadership and were therefore, unable to select a presidential candidate from amongst themselves.
All 75 seats in the House of Representatives and 22 of the 36 seats in the Senate were up for election.
On this same day, Jill Stein requested a second hand recount in Michigan, which was the third time the votes would be counted.
Voters chose 15 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
The 2002 Oregon gubernatorial election took place on November 5, 2002.
However, future Prime Minister Theresa May was elected to the safe Conservative seat at Maidenhead, and future Speaker John Bercow in the seat at Buckingham.
Voters elected the 53 U.S. representatives from the state, one from each of the state's 53 congressional districts.
Hughes carried New Jersey decisively with 54.40% of the vote to Wilson's 42.68%, a victory margin of 11.72%.
Fianna Fáil leader Jack Lynch proposed as the party's presidential election candidate Patrick Hillery, retiring European Commissioner for Social Affairs and former Minister for External Affairs.
The winner of the race was Walter E. Fauntroy, who won his second re-election.
The 1940 United States presidential election in Montana took place on November 5, 1940 throughout the continuous 48 states.
The Conservative government held its ground and remained ahead in the projected popular vote.
The election was held simultaneously with regional elections in 12 other autonomous communities and local elections all throughout Spain.
Senator Mike Enzi won re-election to a second term.
The result saw the Liberals, led by William Ewart Gladstone, again increase their large majority over Benjamin Disraeli's Conservatives to more than 100 seats.
Republican Congressional leadership had a difficult time distancing itself from the corruption of the Grant administration or the legislature's impact on the economy downturn.
UKIP, which had previously performed poorly, came second, beating the Conservative Party into third place.
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin received 63.64% of the vote with almost 100% of the votes counted.
The Gibraltar by-election, 2013 was a parliamentary by-election held on 4 July 2013 for the Gibraltar Parliament.
All 74 seats in the 63 electoral divisions were up for election across Shropshire.
The United States Senate elections, 1970 was an election for the United States Senate, taking place in the middle of Richard Nixon's first term as President.
The social democratic Co-operative Commonwealth Federation, led by Donald C. MacDonald, won one additional seat, for a total of three.
Presidential elections were held in Madagascar on 16 December 2001.
This was the last time Assembly elections were held separately from those for the Legislative Council.
The ballot elects one mayor, 10 councillors, nine school board trustees and seven park board commissioners.
After the elections, SPD held coalition talks with the Greens and SSW, with the three parties having 35 seats altogether.
Cleveland won Virginia by a margin of 2.15%.
The delegation went from being tied to slightly majority-Democratic, with Democrats gaining 3 seats.
All 46 council seats were up for election.
In the primary, Republican Ashley Swearengin and Democrat Betty Yee finished first and second, respectively.
Indian National Congress and United Progressive Alliance candidate Muhammed Hamdulla Sayeed won the seat.
Incumbent Democratic Attorney General Kamala Harris ran for re-election to a second term in office.
The United States Senate election of 1964 in Connecticut was held on November 3, 1964.
The by-election took place due to the resignation of Ian Gibson after being banned from standing as a Labour candidate for the next general election.
Consequently, Obama suffered a historically poor showing in the traditionally staunchly Democratic coalfields of Eastern Kentucky.
Iowa was won by the Democratic nominee, Senator Barack Obama of Illinois, by a 9.54% margin of victory.
The Democrats, however, gained a Republican-held district.
Incumbent Governor Tarso Genro is running for a second term, a distinction not achieved in recent history.
The BJP was expected to perform well as it had won the assembly elections conducted in the state during November-December 2008.
New York voters chose 45 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President.
In the first Lok Sabha polls held in 1951, India had around 173 million voters, out of an overall population of about 360 million.
Taft carried New York State with 53.11% of the vote to Bryan's 40.74%, a victory margin of 12.37%.
All 50 states and the District of Columbia, were part of the 1988 United States presidential election.
Connecticut voted for the Democratic candidate, Martin Van Buren, over Whig candidate William Henry Harrison.
Incumbent Democratic State Treasurer Clint Zweifel was term-limited and could not run for re-election to a third term in office.
General elections were held in Italy on 23 November 1890, with a second round of voting on 30 November.
Despite the optimism for the Conservatives in seat and council gains, their share of the vote at 38% was 6% down on 2008.
The 2016 selection was much more open than previous selections, with public nominations being sought and candidates participating in televised debates.
While Fianna Fáil won the most votes the party did not make any gains in the election and returned just 3 councillors as in 2009.
President of Serbia Tomislav Nikolić scheduled the election at the same time as previously announced Belgrade local election.
The winner of the race was incumbent Eleanor Holmes Norton.
This resulted in an increased Federalist majority in the House, 60-46 seats.
Indeed, unemployment was the main theme of the campaign.
This election saw the victory of monarchists, favourable to peace with the German Empire, with a large majority.
It was one of the most contentious and controversial presidential elections in American history.
Michigan weighed in for this election as 0.1% more Republican than the national average.
The 1978 United States Senate election in Mississippi was held on November 5, 1978.
The United States presidential election of 1852 was the seventeenth quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 2, 1852.
South Dakota was the home state of George McGovern, the Democratic Party nominee in the 1972 United States presidential election.
This was the only election in Philippine electoral history in which a vice-president defeated the incumbent president.
After winning the Democratic primary, he moved on to the general election, where he faced Hank Hibbard, a State Senator and the Republican nominee.
The European Parliament election of 2009 in Romania was the election of the delegation from Romania to the European Parliament in 2009.
South Dakota was won by incumbent United States Vice President George H. W. Bush of Texas, who was running against Massachusetts Governor Michael Dukakis.
The General Assembly elected Colombia, Germany, India, Portugal, and South Africa.
In total, 833 voted and 876 cast valid votes.
Incumbent Republican United States Senator Richard Shelby won re-election to a fifth term.
The Republicans took control of the Senate by picking up twelve seats, mostly from the Democrats.
New Jersey was won by the Democratic nominees, Senator John F. Kennedy of Massachusetts and his running mate Senate Majority Leader Lyndon B. Johnson of Texas.
One of the candidates John Joseph Francis was a leading member of the Hong Kong Association founded in 1893 for improving and popularising the Government.
This was also the first and only time a non-Democrat won in the South in post Civil War.
The election results were announced on 9 December 2016 due to a delay of voting in two areas.
This was also the last United States presidential election in of which both parties were born in the 19th century.
One of the eleven Arab League member states in Asia would therefore succeed to Vietnam's seat in this election.
The United States Senate election of 1940 in Massachusetts was held on November 5, 1940, with Democratic incumbent David I. Walsh defeating his challengers.
It was held from Friday, October 31 to Wednesday, December 3, 1800.
Incumbent Republican Senator Tim Scott won re-election to a first full term in office.
Voters chose 11 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
The 2008 Michigan Republican primary took place on January 15, 2008.
Dinkins won with 50.42% of the vote to Giuliani's 47.84%.
An election to Kildare County Council took place on 5 June 2009 as part of that year's Irish local elections.
Republicans also won some seats that were left open by retiring Democrats.
For the first time since the approval of the 1876 Constitution, neither of the major parties were able to command a majority on their own.
His nearest competitor, Marcus Giavanni, had about 8.5 percent.
Voters chose four representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Two dozen other candidates were offered in the hopes that someone else could gain a majority.
Nixon won the Republican primary and Douglas the Democratic contest, with each also finishing third in the other party's contest.
The westernmost areas of its metro area is the westernmost point of Continental Europe.
Presidential elections were held in Kiribati on 13 January 2012, following two-round parliamentary elections held in October 2011.
It was part of the wider 2004 European election.
Incumbent Republican Congresswoman Kristi Noem defeated Democrat Corinna Robinson 66% to 33%.
Elections to Salop County Council were held on Thursday, 5 May 1977.
The Militant Socialist Movement won 32 seats, whilst the Labour Party secured 9 seats and PMSD five.
This resulted in an unclear election message from the Labour Party.
The 2015 Kwun Tong District Council election was held on 22 November 2015 to elect all 37 members to the Kwun Tong District Council.
The 1832 United States presidential election in Kentucky took place between November 2 and December 5, 1832, as part of the 1832 United States presidential election.
Prior to the campaign, the Liberals had held only 36 seats—the fewest seats ever held at dissolution by any federal party that won the following election.
Republican candidate Samuel W. Pennypacker defeated Democratic candidate and former Governor Robert E. Pattison to become Governor of Pennsylvania.
The 1988 United States presidential election in Michigan took place on November 8, 1988.
These parties had already supported Sampaio in a coalition that won the local elections in Lisbon.
Turnout was lower in the Netherlands and Portugal.
The result was a victory for the Labour Party, which won 74 of the 150 seats in the Storting.
Voulgaris remained Prime Minister, having assumed office on 6 February.
The 1956 Montana gubernatorial election took place on November 6, 1956.
The 7th District includes western parts of Richmond, as well as its nearby suburbs in Henrico County, but otherwise is largely rural.
Roosevelt won Pennsylvania by a margin of 6.9%.
The 2006 United States Senate election in Utah was held on November 7, 2006.
This was the first time since 1960 when Tennessee did not back the overall winning candidate in a presidential election.
Mubarak had been nominated by the two-thirds required in the People's Assembly on 5 July.
Furthermore, unlike the leading Republican candidates, Willkie was a forceful and outspoken advocate of aid to the Allies, especially Britain.
Liberal gain from Conservative: Isle of Wight
In this election, a number of provincial-level officials sought reelection, including incumbent governor Carmencita Reyes and incumbent congressman Lord Allan Jay Velasco.
United States gubernatorial elections were held in 12 states and two territories.
Harding swept every county in Vermont by landslide margins, taking more than 60% of the vote in all 14 of them.
Parliamentary elections were held in the autonomous Grand Duchy of Finland on 15 and 16 March 1907.
Incumbent Democrat Grant Sawyer ran unsuccessfully for re-election to a third term as Governor of Nevada.
The 1920 United States presidential election in Pennsylvania took place on November 2, 1920 throughout the continuous 48 states.
New Jersey voters chose 17 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President.
Voter turnout was 62.98% in the first round and 60.88% in the second round.
The Portuguese legislative election, 1865 was held on 28 July.
His opponent could not legally take office due to a felony conviction dating from the 1980s.
There was a 3% reduction in the number of councillors, owing to the abolition of the Greater London Council and the Metropolitan County Councils.
Schröder was a controversial choice, even within his own party, since he had been a member of the NSDAP and the SA under Hitler.
The 1998 United States Senate election in Oklahoma was held November 3, 1998.
It was the lowest turnout for a Burmese election since the 1920s boycotts in colonial Burma.
Clinton ultimately won the national vote, defeating incumbent President Bush and Perot.
The Dunedin North by-election of 1922 was a by-election held during the 20th New Zealand Parliament in the Dunedin electorate of Dunedin North.
Voters chose 36 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
The United States Senate special election of 1962 in Massachusetts was held on November 6, 1962.
The Ukrainian Parliament scheduled Yanukovych's inauguration for February 25.
Parliamentary elections were held in Norway on 10 and 11 September 1989.
Each candidate also faced serious discontent within his party membership, and neither possessed the wholehearted support of his party organization.
After the previous elections, the Senate was composed of 58 Democrats, 40 Republicans, and 2 independents who caucused with the Democrats.
The 1994 Massachusetts gubernatorial election was held on November 8, 1994.
All 75 seats in the House of Representatives, and all 36 seats in the Senate were up for election in a double dissolution.
This was the party's second consecutive nomination of Stevenson.
The state had similar demographics and was a showdown state just like its bordering states: Michigan, Minnesota, and Iowa.
Municipal elections were held in Rome on 28–29 May 2006, at the same time as other Italian municipal elections.
The election was held at the same time as a referendum on recall and initiative.
Representatives from the state of Nevada, one from each of the state's four congressional districts.
The North Carolina United States Senate election of 1960 was held on 8 November 1960 as part of the nationwide elections to the Senate.
Montana was won by Governor George W. Bush.
On election day, it trended Republican from the 2000 election by a swing margin of almost 5%.
Federal elections were held in Australia on 28 September 1946.
The election was held in conjunction with those held in other municipalities in the province of Ontario.
Incumbent Governor Ruth Ann Minner faced a serious challenge from retired Superior Court Judge Bill Lee, but managed a 5-point victory on Election Day.
Although the Social Democratic Party received the largest share of the vote, the Venstre Reform Party won the most seats.
Folketing elections were held in Denmark on 11 April 1924.
A deputy leader and a senior and a junior whip were also elected.
All 75 seats in the Parliament were up for election.
The new Movement for Changes, standing on a pro-EU, anti-corruption and economic improvement platform, took 11 seats.
It was held on 9 June, though, as usual, the ballots were not counted until the evening of 12 June.
The newly elected legislature met in regular session on 8 November 1898.
Municipal elections in Kosovo were held at the same day as the parliamentary elections.
Virginia was won by incumbent United States President Richard Nixon of California with 67.84% of the vote, who was running against U.S.
José López Portillo was the only candidate in the presidential election, and was elected unopposed.
There were no seat changes from the 2005 General Election, although Labour took back 2 seats that it had lost in by-elections.
This was the first time that the Independents have not had any role in the administration of the Council.
Voter turnout was 55.5%, although only 54,933 people were eligible to vote.
However, the caucus was non-binding, and Alaska's Democratic State Convention in May awarded Obama 10 pledged delegates.
The 1940 United States Senate election in Pennsylvania was held on November 5, 1940.
Just four years later, Georgia would flip back to Republican territory and vote Republican in every election since.
However, like the rest of New England, it is considerably more liberal on social issues like abortion and gay rights, which helps the Democrats.
The 1,519,000 votes received by Tuđman remains the highest number of votes won by any president to date.
Reagan's decisive victory in New Hampshire would make the state 7% more Republican than the national average in the 1980 election.
The Supreme Leader of Iran election, 1989 was an indirect election where the Assembly of Experts members voted to choose the second Supreme Leader of Iran.
Former District attorney and District court judge Bob Schwartz lost the election to Chavez by a mere 2,783 votes.
The 1942 United States Senate election in Montana took place on November 3, 1942.
The result of the election was announced at the party conference, held in Perth on 22 September.
Goldwater had lost the 1964 election in a nationwide landslide, but the loss in Vermont was especially severe from a historical perspective.
Municipal elections in California are officially non-partisan, though some candidates do receive funding and support from various political parties.
The Portuguese legislative election of 1976 took place on 25 April, exactly one year after the previous election, and two years after the Carnation Revolution.
All locally registered electors who were aged 18 or over on Thursday 4 June 2009 were entitled to vote in the local elections.
Massachusetts voted for the National Republican candidate, Henry Clay, over the Anti-Masonic Party candidate, William Wirt, and the Democratic Party candidate, Andrew Jackson.
Eisenhower's Republican Party gained 22 seats from the Democratic Party, gaining a majority of the House.
Voters chose 4 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
He won 9 of the 12 districts.
This was the first election of a Republican governor in Illinois history.
Another Fine Gael candidate in that constituency, James Hughes, had died shortly before the formal campaign began.
This is the most recent election in which a Democrat was elected Governor of North Dakota.
Throughout his campaign, Capriles remained confident that he could win the election and be the country's next President.
Many of the Republican TDs, who represented the losing anti-Treaty side, were still imprisoned during and after the election.
Labor won with its then largest-ever majority in the federal parliament, but held only a minority of Senate seats as a result of the House-only election.
On the county map, Nixon swept all 10 of the state's counties, breaking 60% in 7 of them.
General elections were held in Denmark on 4 December 1973 and in the Faroe Islands on 13 December.
Although Mugabe won, claiming 56.2% of the vote, it was the closest presidential election to date.
Incumbent Mayor Rob Ford was running for re-election, but dropped out after being diagnosed with a tumour to instead run for city council in Ward 2.
Elections to Surrey County Council were held on Thursday, 5 May 1977.
All 50 seats in the Parliament were up for election.
Voters chose five representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
The legislative election held at the same time had a turn-out rate of around 58%.
Virginia was won by incumbent President George W. Bush by an 8.2% margin of victory.
Meighen was then invited to form a government.
All elected members would serve in 104th United States Congress.
Glenn Cunningham was elected, becoming the first African-American mayor of Jersey City.
Two independents were unable to break through Gibraltar's party block vote system but did relatively well.
The 1986 Massachusetts gubernatorial election was held on November 4, 1986.
Especially in industrializing regions, voters chose the Republican view on tariffs, as they gave the party a slim majority in the House.
The Conservative Party made the strongest gains and formed a government on its own.
In Ohio, the result was affected by the temperance crusade in the early part of the year.
The AACR administration of Sir Joshua Hassan was elected for a further term.
The Karbala governorate election of 2013 was held on 20 April 2013 alongside elections for all other governorates outside Iraqi Kurdistan, Kirkuk, Anbar, and Ninevah.
Parliamentary elections will be held in Turkey on or before 3 November 2019.
The Vermont gubernatorial election of 1956 took place on November 6, 1956.
The 1976 United States Senate election in Maryland took place on November 2, 1976.
The presidential election was followed by a legislative election in June.
However, with the four other New England states voting for Humphrey, Vermont became one of the two states in the region to vote for Nixon.
New York weighed in for this election as 2% more Republican than the national average.
The Vermont gubernatorial election of 1886 took place on September 7, 1886.
It was followed by the 2017 election.
This harkened back to Social Credit's unofficial slogan from the 1963 election, "63 in '63".
Clinton would then very narrowly lose the state in the 1996 election to Bob Dole.
The election also saw the elimination of the Democratic Party from Parliament, leaving Labour and National as the only parties represented.
City mayor Lucilo Bayron defeated former mayor Edward Hagedorn in the recall election.
Had former Senator Kerry remained in his seat, this would've been his sixth term in office.
As a result, there were 11 by-elections in this period.
The 1988 United States presidential election in Idaho took place on November 8, 1988.
Eisenhower and Nixon defeated the Democratic nominees, former Governor Adlai Stevenson of Illinois and his running mate Senator John Sparkman of Alabama.
However he later made a remarkable comeback in the 1985 general election.
Illinois was among the eleven states in which Hillary Clinton outperformed Barack Obama's margin in 2012.
An election to Kildare County Council took place on 27 June 1991 as part of that year's Irish local elections.
Presidential elections were held in Madagascar on 3 November 1996, with a second round on 29 December 1996.
The 1996 West Virginia gubernatorial election took place on November 5, 1996 for the post of Governor of West Virginia.
Unlike the previous two elections but as with all subsequent elections, each constituency elected a single member.
Jawaharlal Nehru became the first democratically elected Prime Minister of the country.
Regional elections were held in France on 6 and 13 December 2015.
Incumbent Republican John W. Stewart, per the "Mountain Rule", did not run for re-election to a second term as Governor of Vermont.
His rivals were the conservatives' top candidate Ebrahim Raisi, the Islamic Coalition Party's Mostafa Mir-Salim and Mostafa Hashemitaba who ran with no partisan support.
Democrat Ben Nelson won the open seat.
The primary elections took place on June 3, 1998.
23 councillors were elected from five electoral divisions by PR-STV voting for a five-year term of office.
The overwhelming majority provoked Benito Mussolini to dub the election the "second referendum of Fascism."
A Republican presidential nominee has carried the state only twice since its statehood.
Furthermore, President Madison had succeeded in realizing certain measures favored by the Federalists, for example a national bank and protective tariffs.
The 1880 United States presidential election in New York took place on November 2, 1880.
This arrangement subsequently broke up and the Independent group formed a minority administration with the support of the Scottish Liberal Democrats.
The 2008 Minnesota Republican caucuses took place on February 5, 2008, with 38 national delegates at stake.
The 1892 United States presidential election in New York took place on November 8, 1892.
The Republicans defended 22 seats, compared to the Democrats' 14.
The favourite to win the election according to the polls, the incumbent president announced his candidacy at the end of March.
The result of the election was a victory for former city councillor Rob Ford.
Republicans gained the most in New York state where they picked up six seats, defeating five incumbents and winning an open Democratic district.
Their result was a victory for Islam Karimov of the People's Democratic Party of Uzbekistan, who won with 87.1% of the vote.
Also running that year was William Lemke of the short-lived Union Party, and his running mate Thomas C. O'Brien.
Under Louisiana's constitution, incumbent governor Jimmie Davis could not succeed himself in a consecutive term.
No elections were held in the City of Nottingham, which is a unitary authority outside the area covered by the County Council.
Carlow Town Council and Muinebheag Town Council were both abolished.
Under this political climate, Hindenburg reluctantly appointed Hitler as Chancellor of Germany in January 1933.
All 45 seats in the Regional Assembly were up for election.
The election resulted in a minority government led by the Conservative Party with Stephen Harper becoming the 22nd Prime Minister of Canada.
Dr. Basto resumed his post as an elected member.
The 1954 New Zealand general election was a nationwide vote to determine the shape of the New Zealand Parliament's 31st term.
An Independent councillor was also elected in Westerhope, with Bill Corbett winning with a 451 majority over the Labour Party.
Senator Wayne Morse was seeking a fifth term, but narrowly lost re-election to 36 year-old Republican State Representative Bob Packwood in a very close race.
However, expectations for this list were originally somewhat larger, and Massimo D'Alema had proclaimed that "If the unity list reaches 33%, the government has to go".
At 43.3%, the voter turnout was just over the all-time low in the previous European election in Germany.
This news came before the third by-election, when he gave a speech at the function arranged by Arundathiyar organization.
General elections were held in Ecuador on 2 June 1968.
The reason for the early elections was the inability of the parties to form a government after the inconclusive 2008 Hessian election.
One third of the council was up for election and the council stayed under no overall control.
This victory was the largest majority in Canadian history to that point and remains, by any measure, the largest-ever majority won by the Liberal Party.
A presidential election was held in El Salvador on 15 March 2009.
Republican candidate Lee E. Emerson defeated Democratic candidate J. Edward Moran to succeed him.
As of May 2012, both Ron Paul and Mitt Romney have led polls in multiple states.
Still, despite being born and raised in New York, and long being associated with the state, Trump decisively lost the popular vote.
A general election was held in Ghana on Friday 7 December 2012 to elect a president and members of parliament in 275 electoral constituencies.
This was the third occasion when a Republican nominee carried Alabama, but the first outside of Reconstruction elections in 1868 and 1872.
Murkowski easily won re-election against Democratic nominee Joseph Sonneman, a perennial candidate, earning nearly 75% of the vote.
They were the sixth parliamentary election in Croatia since independence.
9 seats were won in the primary uncontested.
United Left continued on its long-term decline and lost another seat, scoring its worst result since 1987.
The 2002 United States Senate election in Georgia took place on November 5, 2002.
The 1994 California Superintendent of Public Instruction election occurred on November 8, 1994.
New York was won by the Republican nominees, former Governor William McKinley of Ohio and his running mate corporate lawyer Garret Hobart of New Jersey.
Otto defeated Gilbert in the general election by a significant margin.
The 2014 Camden Council election took place on 22 May 2014 to elect members of Camden Council in England.
New Hampshire was won by the Republican nominees, incumbent President Gerald Ford of Michigan and his running mate Senator Bob Dole of Kansas.
The main opposition party Fidesz's nominee, the former President of the Constitutional Court László Sólyom was elected President of Hungary.
New York was won by incumbent Democratic President Franklin D. Roosevelt of New York, who was running against Republican Governor of Kansas Alf Landon.
It was the first free and universal election in all of Germany since the election of 1932 which cemented Adolf Hitler's power.
Local elections was held in the city of Navotas on May 13, 2013 within the Philippine general election.
The last election in 2011 gave Labour a majority over the Liberal Democrats with 49 Councillors.
Pavia and Mantua were the sole provinces to oppose this result, giving a plurality to the Social-Communist alliance.
The 2008 Virginia Republican primary took place on February 12, 2008.
Senator Frank Church ran for re-election to a fifth term, but was defeated by Republican Steve Symms.
Reagan took 57.92% of the vote to Mondale's 40.81%.
More than half of this loss, however, went to other parties of the left, particularly the Greens.
Meanwhile, the short-lived Know-Nothing movement declined and the American Party began to fall apart.
The 1859 British general election in Ireland produced one of the last overall victories for the Tories in Ireland.
New Mexico was won by former Vice President Richard Nixon by a 13-point margin against incumbent Vice President Hubert Humphrey.
It was the party's first leadership election for nearly 15 years, when Thatcher had taken the party leadership.
Much of Roosevelt's margin of victory was provided by his dominance in New York City.
Julio Anguita's United Left also failed to meet expectations, despite scoring their best overall result in a general election since the PCE in 1979.
General elections were held in British India in 1934.
Easley won by 56% to 43%, winning his second term as Governor.
The Liberal Democrats finished as the runners up in 4 wards, the Conservatives in 8, the Greens in 6, Labour in 2 and UKIP in 1.
Democrats promised to cut the outlandish budget.
Note that in Isabela, Basilan, although a part of this region, the voters elect their representative via Basilan's legislative district.
In the general election, Lautenberg defeated Forrester and became the state's junior Senator for the second time when he was sworn in on January 3, 2003.
This election took place on November 3, 1992.
The voters elected several local posts in the city: the mayor, vice mayor, and ten members of the sangguniang panlungsod.
All 48 States were part of the United States presidential election.
Cowan declined to participate in the election.
Wisconsin voters chose eight electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
A general election was held in the Philippines on April 7, 1978 for the election of the 165 regional representatives to the Interim Batasang Pambansa.
Barangay elections was held on Monday, October 28, 2013.
Early parliamentary elections were held in Egypt on 6 April 1987, with a second round for nine seats on 13 April.
The election saw the Scottish Conservative Party remain the largest party on the Council though they lost 2 seats.
As these elections were prior to the Seventeenth Amendment to the United States Constitution, Senators were chosen by State legislatures.
In the first round of the elections, the conservative party Fidesz won the absolute majority of seats, enough to form a government on its own.
Julius Caesar made it a municipium called Felicitas Julia, adding to the name Olissipo.
The voters will elect for the elective local posts in the municipality: the mayor, vice mayor, and eight councilors.
Senator Paul Wellstone won re-election to a second term.
Texas voters chose 29 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President of the United States.
Vermont was the only state in the country that Wirt carried in 1832, by a margin of 6.08%.
The main opposition Labour Party gained 468 seats, bringing their number of councillors to 10,929.
Incumbent Republican Governor Chris Christie ran for re-election to a second term in office.
The Egyptian parliamentary elections of 2005 was the scheduled three-stage elections in November and December 2005 for determining its lower house membership.
The election took the form of a referendum on the candidacy of Anwar El Sadat, who ran unopposed.
Socred leader Lavern Ahlstrom, however, performed well in Rocky Mountain House and finished second behind the incumbent Ty Lund.
State law requires the governor to set a date for a congressional special election within five days of a vacancy being created.
As Carter narrowly defeated Ford nationally to win the presidency, Massachusetts weighed in as 13% more Democratic than the national average in the 1976 election.
Under amendments to the BC Constitution Act passed in 2001, BC elections are now held on fixed dates: the second Tuesday in May every four years.
The 1995 Madrid City Council election was held on Sunday, 28 May 1995, to elect the city council of the municipality of Madrid.
Throughout the general election, the state was heavily targeted by both campaigns.
The radical Gerardo Morales was elected governor of Jujuy, the first non-Peronist one since the return of democracy in 1983.
As of 2017, this is the last time a Republican was elected mayor of New York City.
The election remains Labor's greatest federal victory in terms of proportion of seats and two-party votes in the lower house, and primary vote in the Senate.
The 1824 Ohio gubernatorial election was held on October 12, 1824.
His general election opponent was Maine Attorney General James Erwin, the Republican nominee.
Both the Conservative and Labour parties entered the campaign positively.
They formed a majority along with the Labour Party and the Socialist Left Party, and chose to phase out the local parliamentary system.
In terms of vote share, BJP came first with 24.4%, followed by RJD with 18.4% and JD with 16.8% and Congress got 6.7%.
Sinn Féin had a very successful election increasing their numbers to 6 across the City and County and winning a seat in each LEA.
It has voted for a Republican presidential nominee in every presidential election since statehood, except for 1964.
The closest Arizona gubernatorial election since 1916, Hunt's lead in votes would continue to decline.
Due to security problems, turnout was less than half that of the 2009 election.
The 1994 United States Senate election in West Virginia took place on November 7, 1994.
In the general election, all of candidates Chevron supported were defeated.
Erdoğan was re-elected as leader with 1,421 votes.
The newly founded Workers Party of Socialist Unity presented its own candidate, Aires Rodrigues.
A general election was held in Honduras on March 28, 1971.
The Labour party suffered its greatest defeat, losing four out of five seats compared with the previous election.
The election used the eight wards created under the Local Governance Act 2004, with 24 Councillors being elected.
The 1982 United States Senate election in Rhode Island took place on November 2, 1982.
Ultimately, then-Governor Charlie Crist moved the election to April 13, 2010.
The number of seats allocated to Greece declined from 22 to 21, as a result of the 2013 reapportionment of seats in the European Parliament.
Senator Richard Stone decided to run for re-election to a second term, but was defeated in the Democratic primary election by Bill Gunter.
The 2002 gubernatorial primary occurred in March 2002.
Senator from Wyoming, the Governor of Wyoming and other federal and state offices.
The state is historically a blue state, as the last Republican to carry the state in a presidential election was Richard Nixon in 1972.
The result was a victory for the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party, which won 125 of the 195 seats.
The AACR had been the dominant political party in Gibraltar politics for over forty years and had won every election but one since 1945.
Director George H. W. Bush of Texas, and Mondale ran with Representative Geraldine Ferraro of New York, the first major female candidate for the Vice-Presidency.
The 2000 Delaware gubernatorial election was held on November 7, 2000 coinciding with the Presidential election.
Local elections were held for provincial and municipal posts throughout the Philippine Archipelago on January 15, 1905.
General elections for President and Parliament took place in Uruguay on 25 October and 29 November 2009.
The Catholic People's Party emerged as the largest party, winning 49 of the 150 seats in the House of Representatives.
All 150 seats in the House of Representatives and 40 seats in the 76-member Senate were up for election.
Catherine Pugh won the election on November 8, 2016, with 57% of the popular vote, and took office on December 6, 2016.
Future President Barack Obama unsuccessfully ran for the Democratic nomination to represent Illinois's 1st congressional district.
This was the first time that Montana voted in a national election.
He was opposed by Cook County Circuit Court Clerk Dorothy A.
Aníbal Cavaco Silva would have to wait ten more years to be elected president in 2006.
Virginia voted for the Democratic candidate, incumbent President Martin Van Buren, over Whig candidate William Henry Harrison.
This was the first contested election since the 1993 election and the first presidential race with more than two candidates in Singaporean history.
The 1903 Sanitary Board Election was supposed to be held on 22 January 1906 for the 2 unofficial seats in the Sanitary Board of Hong Kong.
29 councillors were elected from five electoral divisions by PR-STV voting for a five-year term of office.
Presidential elections were held in Brazil on 1 March 1902.
The Labour Party finished in 3rd place, trailing the Conservatives by 20%, the largest such margin ever between the two main parties.
The result was a disaster for the Liberals, who went from 387 MPs to only 251.
It resulted in a surprise victory for the Conservative Party under leader Edward Heath, which defeated the governing Labour Party under Harold Wilson.
An election to Belfast Corporation took place in January 1920 as part of that year's Irish local elections.
The Spanish Socialist Workers' Party maintained its second place but reverted the decline it had been suffering since 1983.
The 2014 Texas gubernatorial election was held on November 4, 2014 to elect the Governor of Texas.
New Mexico voters chose three electors to represent them in the Electoral College, which voted for President and Vice President.
The newly elected 166 members of the 22nd Dáil assembled at Leinster House on 30 June when a new Taoiseach and government were appointed.
It saw Richard Hatfield's Progressive Conservative Party win its largest majority ever to that time.
Coolidge ultimately won the national election with 54.04% of the vote.
The election was called on July 24, 1972, and held on August 30, 1972.
In March 15th 1999 he announced he would not seek a fifth term meaning that 2000 would be his last year in office.
Senate elections were held in Thailand on 2 March 2008 for the first time under the new constitution.
They were the last elections under the bicameral system, as the Landsting was abolished later in the year.
The Democratic and Republican parties held special primary elections on February 5, 2008.
It was the third and last Prime Ministerial election, and the only one which was not held alongside simultaneous Knesset elections.
Criticism of the election process has cenetred on the process of selecting the eligible candidates, and on alleged election-law violations during voting.
The Kuomintang chairmanship election of 2016 was held on 26 March 2016 in Taiwan.
An early legislative election to the Assembly of French Polynesia was held in French Polynesia in early 2008.
In 2005 under a coalition agreement INC's Ghulam Nabi Azad became Chief Minister.
Massachusetts voted for Al Smith in 1928, and for Franklin Roosevelt in his three election campaigns preceding 1944.
Notable freshmen included future Senators Bill Cassidy, Gary Peters, and Martin Heinrich.
The 21 May 1995 Belgian general elections was a Belgian election for the Chamber of Representatives and Senate.
This was the first Wellington mayoral election to be held under the Instant runoff voting system.
Senator Barack Obama won by 7 votes, a margin of less than 0.2%.
The election is nonpartisan per California state law, although most of the candidates chose to state a political party affiliation.
The Congress candidate got 1,635 votes and Chitalngia got 310 votes.
Incumbent Democratic Governor Hardin Richard Runnels was running for reelection, but was defeated by Sam Houston, who received 57% of the vote.
Parliamentary elections were held in Mongolia on 27 June 2004.
Burr's 54.8% also represented the highest vote share a North Carolina Republican has received since the state began directly electing its Senators.
The 1968 United States Senate election in Vermont took place on November 5, 1968.
Senator Bill Nelson won reelection to a third term, defeating Republican U.S. Representative Connie Mack IV by 13%, winning 55% to 42%.
The five members will serve on the Security Council for the 2024–25 period.
To date, it is the last time Rhode Island has voted for a Republican in a Presidential election.
The primaries were held on March 15.
Former Foreign Minister and Deputy Prime Minister Deniz Baykal was elected as leader for a third non-consecutive time, replacing Altan Öymen who came second.
Mercer County was the second-closest, with Nixon winning it, 52–47.
As of 2016, this is the last presidential election where the Democratic candidate won Pennsylvania without carrying any of Philadelphia's suburban counties.
All 33 seats in the Parliament were up for election.
The newly conglomerated party was still led by Donald C. MacDonald, and won two additional seats, for a total of seven.
United States gubernatorial elections will be held on November 6, 2018 in 36 states and three territories.
Parliamentary elections were held in Moldova on 30 November 2014, four years after the previous parliamentary election on 28 November 2010.
Parliamentary elections were held in Bulgaria on 5 October 2014 to elect the 43rd National Assembly.
His resignation followed being re-elected to a fourth term.
The Markham City Council is the governing body of the city of Markham, Ontario, Canada.
It occurred at the end of 9th president Süleyman Demirel's seven-year term in office.
The 1988 United States presidential election in Mississippi took place on November 8, 1988.
This led to a political crisis whose effects continued through much of the 1980s, as well as increasing political violence in the street.
Romney carried Montana with 55.35% of the vote to Obama's 41.70%, with a 14.64% margin of victory.
This election was held on the same day alongside the Belgian federal election and the Belgian regional elections.
The Conservatives won nine, and three were under no overall control.
The incumbent Minister-President was Reiner Haseloff of the CDU, governing in a grand coalition with the SPD.
Wilson ultimately won the national election with 41.84% of the vote.
The party rapidly declined into obscurity after this election, though it nominally continued to exist until 1993.
Elections to Suffolk County Council took place on 2 May 2013 as part of the United Kingdom local elections, 2013.
General elections were held in Malta on Saturday, 9 March 2013.
After winning her party's nomination, eliminating any need for a primary, she faced Brown in the general election.
The elections occurred shortly before the outbreak of World War I.
The Federalist opposition threw their support behind Clinton.
It was the first time in over 40 years that Virginia voted for a Democratic presidential nominee since Lyndon B. Johnson's victory in 1964.
The 1994 California State Controller election occurred on November 3, 1994.
Tupper's inability to persuade Joseph-Adolphe Chapleau to return to active politics, as his Quebec lieutenant, ended any chances of the Conservatives winning that province.
It was the first ever election of the Legislative Council in Hong Kong which marked the beginning of the Hong Kong representative democracy.
Even then Labour would still have been the largest party.
McCord had no prior record in elected office, but worked at the beginning of his career on Capitol Hill, specializing in "budget and regulatory issues."
Municipal elections in California are officially non-partisan, though some candidates do receive funding and support from various political parties.
Rob Ecklund, the DFL nominee, won the special election.
Two Democratic governors are term-limited, while six incumbent Democratic governors are eligible for reelection.
McKisson lost a re-election bid as mayor in 1899; Hanna remained a powerful figure in the Senate until his death in 1904.
The New Republic Party, successor to the United Party, won only 10 seats, all but one of them in Natal Province.
Kentucky was won by President Bill Clinton over Senator Bob Dole, with Clinton winning 45.84% to 44.88% by a margin of 0.96%.
Senator Orrin Hatch won re-election to a seventh term against former state Senator and IBM executive, Scott Howell the Democratic candidate.
The 2008 United States Senate special election in Mississippi was held on November 4, 2008.
New Jersey in this era was a swing state with a slight Republican lean, and this pattern continued with the results of 1968.
Early elections were held later in the year.
The election ended 15 years of government by the Liberal Party of Wilfrid Laurier.
Eisenhower's Republican party lost a net of two seats to the Democratic opposition.
Elections to Lambeth London Borough Council were held on 6 May 2010.
A third is to split the 324,050 in the proportion of 5/11 to 6/11, giving 147,295 votes for Kennedy and 176,755 for unpledged electors.
Labour, the Liberal Democrats and the Green Party contested all 84 seats.
Voters chose 21 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
General elections were held in Denmark on 22 September 1964.
The turnout for the popular vote was just 39.7%.
Reform Party candidate Ross Perot finished in third with 11.75% of the popular vote.
before the 1922 general election, which was held on 7 December.
The Île-de-France regional election, 2010 took place on March 14 and 21, 2010.
The election for this area was cancelled and all the ballots cast were officially destroyed.
Senator Carl Curtis decided to retire instead of seeking a fifth term.
Reagan ran for a second time with former C.I.A.
They were successful; though they gained few seats in Quebec, they won 112 seats overall to the Liberals' 105.
The election was held simultaneously with regional elections in 12 other autonomous communities and local elections all throughout Spain.
Voters chose 6 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
The opposition Mauritian Militant Movement party decisively won the elections in coalition with the Militant Socialist Movement, defeating the governing Mauritian Labour Party led coalition.
He took office the same day as the 12th President of Lebanon since independence in 1943.
Voters chose 21 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
An amount of $61 million was allocated by the Moroccan government to organize the 2007 elections.
The Massachusetts Senate election of 1984 was held in November 1984.
A detailed account of the MDC's allegations of electoral fraud can be seen at the MDC website.
Kellogg's Democratic opponent John McEnery finally conceded the election in September 1873 after briefly overthrowing Kellogg's government.
Within 24 hours however McIntosh's leadership was toppled by Ken Livingstone; a member of the party's more militant left-wing.
In 1725, his daughter Marie married Louis XV of France, and became Queen consort of France and Navarre.
Elections for the nine provincial councils were also held.
This was the first time that Winston Churchill was elected to the House of Commons.
Not even the Socreds had expected to win the election.
Originally scheduled to take place on 29 March 2015, the date was changed following the 2014 Ukrainian revolution.
After the death of Augustus III of Poland, two dominant political camps of Poland expressed their interest in the Polish throne.
This round was won by Duda with 51.5% of the votes, to Komorowski's 48.5%.
Michigan was won by incumbent United States Vice President George H. W. Bush of Texas, who was running against Massachusetts Governor Michael Dukakis.
The by-election took place on 2 October 2011 and the CCM candidate won by 50.46%.
An election to North Tipperary County Council took place on 5 June 2009 as part of that year's Irish local elections.
Ritner's defeat by Democrat David R. Porter prompted the Buckshot War.
Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state McCain would win, or otherwise considered as a safe red state.
Led by Francis Atterbury, Bishop of Rochester, Lord North and Grey, and other Tory opponents of Walpole, this was later known as the "Atterbury Plot".
Federal elections were held in Australia on 11 July 1987, following the granting of a double dissolution on 5 June by the Governor-General Sir Ninian Stephen.
The election was fought in the aftermath of the 1916 plebiscite on conscription, which had been narrowly defeated.
The campaign was waged between the Democratic-Republican Party and the Federalist Party.
United States gubernatorial elections were held on October 22 and November 3, 1983 in three states and one territory.
The race began as a fight between Chiarelli and Munter, with Munter getting the edge and 2003 candidate Terry Kilrea in a close third.
The ruling National Congress party also won a majority in the 426 seat National Assembly.
Galbraith himself had held the seat since the Glasgow Hillhead by-election, 1948.
The Maysan governorate election of 2013 was held on 20 April 2013 alongside elections for all other governorates outside Iraqi Kurdistan, Kirkuk, Anbar, and Ninevah.
The 2014 United States House of Representatives elections in Connecticut were held on Tuesday, November 4, 2014 to elect the five U.S.
The number of Danish MEPs elected was 13.
He was faced with competition for the far left vote by the Trotskyist candidacy of Arlette Laguiller, who ran for the fourth time.
Lien and Soong refused to concede and unsuccessfully challenged the results.
This was the last election held in the presidency - after Indian independence in 1947, the presidency became the Madras state.
This was caused by the concentration of socialists in industrial Walloon areas, compared to the dispersed presence of liberal voters throughout the country.
Republican candidate Frank L. Greene defeated Democratic candidate William B. Mayo to succeed him.
In the final poll of the campaign, the Liberals and the Progressive Conservatives were tied at 40 per cent support each.
Tommy Douglas retired as federal leader, and David Lewis was elected as his successor.
Following the election the Labour formed a minority administration with the support of the Conservative and Independent Councillors.
General elections were held in Sweden on 21 September 1952.
This election took place on November 6, 1984; and resulted in the defeat of Governor John Spellman, despite his party's presidential candidate's landslide re-election.
The CDU support fell by 5.7 percent, ending up with 23.1 percent.
The by-election was caused by the death of incumbent MP Charles Kettle on 5 June, and was won by Edward Cargill.
The election was won by the governing Liberals, led by incumbent Premier Francis Haszard.
Despite continuing high inflation, Labour was able to boast that it had ended the miners' strike, which had dogged Heath's premiership, and had returned some stability.
As a result, José Bono was elected for his sixth and last term in office, which he would not complete.
General elections were held in India in 1991 to elect the members of the 10th Lok Sabha.
Also in the running was the Socialist Party candidate, Eugene V. Debs, who ran with Job Harriman.
Representatives from the state of Iowa, one from each of the state's four congressional districts.
Senator Ted Stevens ran for re-election to a seventh term in the United States Senate.
Parliamentary elections were held in Bulgaria on 19 April 1997.
Presidential elections were held in El Salvador on February 2, 2014, with a second round held on March 9 since no candidate won an outright majority.
Had she been elected, Bailey would have become Philadelphia's first female mayor, as well as the city's first Republican mayor in more than 60 years.
The election was won again by the Socialist Party and Mário Soares, its leader, became the Prime-Minister of the 1st Constitutional government on 23 July.
Following the election a Scottish National Party minority administration took over the running of the Council with the support of the Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party.
General elections were held in Italy on 27 January 1861, with a second round of voting on 3 February.
Barack Obama received 38.36% of the vote.
However, Blagojevich was impeached and convicted in 2009.
General elections were held in Malta between 16 and 20 August 1849, the first in the country's history.
The 5 boroughs provided Carter with a citywide vote advantage over Ford of 716,717 votes, more than twice Carter's statewide victory margin of 288,767 votes.
All 39 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election.
The election was held on August 4, 1828.
Elections to the United States House of Representatives for the 109th Congress were held on November 2, 2004.
As expected all the 98 seats of the National Assembly went to the Nacionalistas.
The PCs finally won a majority government after winning only minorities in the 1975 and 1977 elections.
In 1944, Roosevelt had won the state with 52.80 percent to Dewey’s 46.99 percent, a fairly close margin of only 5.81 percent.
Republican candidate Franklin S. Billings defeated Democratic candidate Fred C. Martin to succeed him.
The 2006 Ukrainian local elections took place on March 26, 2006.
A by-election was held in Leicester South on 15 July, the same day as the Birmingham Hodge Hill by-election.
This was considered by many polling aggregate groups to be one of the safest Democratic seats in the nation for this cycle.
Elections for the Japanese House of Councillors were held in Japan on 23 July 1989.
There were only two candidates therefore there was no formal election was held.
The three parties together won 175 seats, compared to the 174 won by the Social Democrats and Communists.
The Scottish Green Party retained 5 seats on the authority.
The Democratic Party increased its majority with a net gain of one seat from the Republican Party.
Parliamentary elections were held in Serbia on 16 March 2014, with nineteen electoral lists competing for 250 members of the National Assembly.
The incumbent government was a CDU-SPD grand coalition led by Minister-President Christine Lieberknecht.
The Dunedin mayoral election, 2013 was held on Saturday, 12 October 2013 and was conducted under the single transferable voting system.
Senator Slade Gorton won re-election to a second consecutive term.
Once at the convention, the party was deadlocked for 102 straight ballots, before dark horse candidate John W. Davis, was chosen on the 103rd ballot.
The elections had been controversial due to allegations of government corruption, voter bribery and the lack of up-to-date voter records beforehand.
Parliamentary elections will be held in Estonia in 2019.
Before announcing that they would not run, Mike Huckabee and Sarah Palin were also leading polls in multiple states with numbers above 20 percent.
Arizona was won by President Bill Clinton over Senator Bob Dole, with Clinton winning 46.52% to 44.29% by a margin of 2.23%.
It was considered a major upset, as it made Bill Clinton's comeback in 1992 and Hillary Clinton's in 2008.
The councils began their work one month after the election to elect the new mayors.
It was held on June 7, 1979.
Incumbent Independent Governor Angus King was term limited, and unable to seek re-election.
The Fall of 1976 saw that some Republican leaders continued to debate the future of the party and its message to American voters.
Illinois voters chose 24 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President of the United States.
Following his resignation, the UUP's Executive Committee charged Sir Reg Empey, Lady Hermon and Lord Rogan with the interim leadership of the Party.
Its best results were in Cappaghmore-Kilmallock and Limerick City East where they secured 3 seats in each LEA.
Obama's victory in Illinois was due to an overwhelmingly strong vote total in Cook County, which includes Illinois' largest city, Chicago.
The Northern Ireland general election, 1953 was held on 22 October 1953.
The 1948 United States presidential election in Pennsylvania took place on November 2, 1948 throughout the forty-eight contemporary states.
As no candidate received a majority of the vote, John Knox and Guy Millner advanced to a run-off election.
The 2008 United States presidential election in Iowa took place on November 4, 2008 in Iowa, as part of the 2008 United States presidential election.
The 1953 New South Wales state election was held on 14 February 1953.
The remaining parties and independent candidates obtained 8.14% of the votes.
The composition of the upper house therefore became eight Labor, seven Liberal, two Green, two Family First, two independent No Pokies, and one Dignity for Disability.
Walker had secured 543 votes compared to the 145 votes for Hilliard and the 15 spoiled ballot papers.
The small parties made only small gains or losses, with Koizumi's ally, New Komeito, falling slightly from 34 seats to 31.
However, Max Cleland, the Secretary of State of Georgia ran unopposed in the Democratic primary.
The incumbent President, Heinrich Lübke had served two terms and was therefore ineligible for a third.
The previous Borough elections in London were in 1974.
An election to South Tipperary County Council took place on 10 June 1999 as part of that year's Irish local elections.
All locally registered electors who were aged 18 or over on Thursday 2 May 2013 were entitled to vote in the local elections.
As a result of the scandals, the LDP lost 22 seats, mainly to the Komeitō Party, and lost its majority control over the House of Representatives.
The People of Freedom was the largest party in the election with 34%, ahead of the Democratic Party and Lega Nord.
The New Hampshire gubernatorial election of 2010 was held on November 2, 2010.
He contested the seat as an independent.
It was held on March 20, 1989 to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta.
The primary election on June 5 took place under California's new blanket primary law, where all candidates appear on the same ballot, regardless of party.
As a result, Keir Hardie and Richard Bell were the only LRC members of parliament in 1900.
In the 1989 Andhra Pradesh Assembly election, the Congress(I) swept the polls, winning 181 of the 294 seats in the Assembly.
The Lib Dems were reduced to 6 seats.
One for Latin America and the Caribbean
Voters chose twelve representatives, or electors, to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
During her previous term, there had been internal divisions in the Indian National Congress between Indira Gandhi and the party establishment, especially Morarji Desai.
All 50 states and The District of Columbia, were part of the 1980 United States presidential election.
The United States Senate election of 1954 in Massachusetts was held on November 2, 1954, with Republican Incumbent Leverett Saltonstall defeating his challengers.
Clinton ran a second time with former Tennessee Senator and Al Gore as Vice President, and Dole ran with former New York Congressman Jack Kemp.
Meanwhile, the left was weakened by scandals and disappointments regarding Mitterrand's presidency along with the Unemployment rate hovering around 10%.
Incumbent Vice President John Adams received 77 votes and was also re-elected.
Republican William A. Newell defeated Democratic nominee William Cowper Alexander with 51.29% of the vote.
Senator Larry Craig decided to retire instead of seeking a fourth term.
Additionally, a special election was held in Neufchâteau on 3 June 1890 after the death of Edmond van der Linden d'Hooghvorst.
Hoover carried New Jersey with 59.77% of the vote to Smith's 39.79%, a victory margin of 19.98%.
Senator James H. Duff sought re-election to another term, but was defeated by the Democratic nominee, Joseph S. Clark, Jr.
The incumbent Republican Governor, Arnold Schwarzenegger, won re election for his first full term.
The 2008 United States Senate election in New Mexico was held on November 4, 2008 coinciding with the 2008 U.S. presidential election.
In addition Sinn Féin gained 4 additional seats on the Council, leaving them with 6 councillors in total.
The Social Democratic Party remained the largest in the Folketing, with 59 of the 151 seats.
The Social Democratic Party remained the largest in the Folketing, with 76 of the 179 seats.
The general election took place in 40 parliamentary constituencies throughout Ireland for 147 seats in the lower house of parliament, Dáil Éireann.
In addition, the state legislature may be dismissed by the Parliament according to Article 356 of the Indian Constitution and President's rule may be imposed.
The 1968 South Australian State election was held in South Australia on 2 March 1968.
In Massachusetts, the lieutenant governor candidates are nominated separately from the gubernatorial candidates, then the nominated tickets from each party run together.
The last fallow year was 2013, when no local government elections took place in the borough.
In addition to the four candidates already mentioned, the increasingly popular Populists nominated R. H. Tannehill and their candidate.
In 1965 this coalition was replaced by one consisting of the KVP, Labour Party and ARP.
Sri Lanka has held several rounds of Provincial Council elections in 2008 and 2009 to elect members to eight of the country’s Provincial Councils.
Joey Smallwood was invited to form an interim administration when Newfoundland became a part of Canada just before midnight on March 31, 1949.
It increased 5.5 percentage points over the last election in 2006.
David Alameel, who came in first in the primary, won the runoff and became his party's nominee.
The Progressive Conservative Party, led by Premier Bill Davis, was re-elected for an eleventh consecutive term in office, again with a minority in the legislature.
This left an opening for a dark horse candidate to emerge.
In the 108th Congress, Republicans held 227 seats, Democrats held 205, with two Republican vacancies and one independent.
All 50 states and the District of Columbia, were part of the 1984 United States presidential election.
New Zealand First meanwhile increased its vote share to 8.7% and seat count to 11.
Mitterrand said he was not sure he would run, and meanwhile, his internal rival Michel Rocard campaigned for the nomination.
There was no plan to fill the additional 5 seats cancelled in the 2010 election and 1 seat after a deceased RNDP member.
Eisenhower's political views were unknown in 1948.
It signaled the imminent end of Reconstruction, which Democrats opposed.
In this case, Ross Perot carried Storey County.
In some states the congressional delegation was not elected until after the legal start of the Congress.
No candidate reached a two-thirds majority vote in the first round, and subsequent rounds failed to gain a quorum.
The Local Government Act 1919 had seen elections for local government in Ireland change to a more proportional system.
The Bolivian general election, 2009 was held on December 6, 2009, following a constitutional referendum held on 25 January 2009.
The 1946 United States Senate election in Pennsylvania was held on November 5, 1946.
Incumbent Democratic Senator Mark Pryor ran for re-election to a third term in office.
The 1999 Aberdeen City Council election took place on 6 May 1999 to elect members of Aberdeen City Council.
The success of the party was attributed to voter dissatisfaction with established parties in light of low wages and persistent emigration.
With a turnout of 73.4%, it produced the following official results:
As this election was prior to ratification of the seventeenth amendment, Senators were chosen by State legislatures.
This was the largest majority since Reconstruction.
Such was the scale of their gains that, of the 73 constituencies in Scotland, only 20 came to be represented by MSPs of other political parties.
She defeated the Republican nominee, businessman Walt Havenstein.
The Odisha Legislative Assembly election of 2009 took place in April 2009, concurrently with the Indian general election, 2009.
The Conservatives lost four of their six seats.
However, the failure of Parliament in electing a new President, two thirds of the body extended its own term until 2017 then 2018.
The United Party of Jan Smuts won an absolute majority over its opponents in the House of Assembly.
The election for the Piriyapatna constituency was postponed to 28 May 2013 due to the death of the BJP candidate for the seat.
The 84 votes were declared invalid; a further 11 delegates were not present.
Serbia announced its plans to run for the Eastern Europe seat.
Pier Luigi Bersani, a former minister in several centre-left governments hailing from the Italian Communist Party, was elected secretary in an open primary on 25 October.
At the time the country was a one-party state and all candidates had to be members of the Arab Socialist Union.
Candidates were elected to fill seats using a modified D'Hondt method for a multi-member single constituency.
This was the first Virginia gubernatorial election since 1965 in which no candidate won an outright majority of the vote.
King had retired in 1948, and was replaced as Liberal leader and Prime Minister by Louis St. Laurent.
The election was won by the People's Party, which increased its majority despite a drop in its vote share.
The Liberal Democratic Party and its election allies, were the major winner, provided Koizumi a strong mandates to move forward with his reform policies.
The election was held simultaneously with regional elections in 12 other autonomous communities and local elections all throughout Spain.
Young and Lashkowitz won the primary elections for their respective parties.
The Democratic primary was held on September 12, 2006, and the general election was held on November 7, 2006.
The winner of the election served a four-year term, after the implementation of Amendment 63.
Incumbent Governor Sean Parnell, who as lieutenant governor succeeded Palin following her resignation, announced that he would seek a full term.
Maine was won by incumbent Vice President Hubert Humphrey by twelve percentage points over Republican challenger and former Vice President Richard M. Nixon.
The 1956 United States presidential election in New Mexico took place on November 6, 1956.
Since then, Presidents Calvin Coolidge in 1924, Harry S. Truman in 1948, and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 have done so as well.
They were also the last held under the single-member constituency first past the post system, which was replaced in the 2007 election with Single Transferable Vote.
The by-election occurred following the resignation of MP George Lumsden and was won by Henry Feldwick.
As a result of the war, the Russian Empress, Catherine the Great, was in almost complete control of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth.
New Jersey voters chose 16 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President.
The 2000 United States Senate election in Maryland was held on November 7, 2000.
Arizona weighed in for this election as 6% more Republican than the national average.
All London borough council seats were up for election.
However, despite increasing their overall number of mayors, they also lost three chambers they won in 2009 to the Socialists; Chamusca, Crato, and Nisa.
The PCs won an additional seven seats, but were not able to win a majority.
They were the first since the Nazi Party seized complete power with the passage of the Enabling Act in March.
Reagan ran for a second time with former C.I.A.
The 1906 election for Mayor of Los Angeles took place on December 4, 1906.
Obama and Biden carried Colorado with 51.5% of the popular vote to Romney's and Ryan's 46.1%, thus winning the state's 9 electoral votes.
General elections were held in Costa Rica on February 3, 2002.
Representatives from the state of Ohio, one from each of the state's 18 congressional districts.
The election also saw the emergence of the Irish Loyal and Patriotic Union; one of the forerunners of the later Irish Unionist Alliance.
Persons residing in Montenegro with Serbian citizenship were also allowed to vote in seven Montenegrin towns: Podgorica, Berane, Herceg Novi, Budva, Tivat, Sutomore and Andrijevica.
They needed the votes of their coalition partner, the German National People's Party, for a bare working majority in the Reichstag.
In 1995, fixed four-year terms were introduced.
Over the next two years, Curtin proved to be a very popular and effective leader, and the Coalition was unable to get the better of him.
There were a total of five different parties running, including a short-lived breakaway faction of the Democratic Party known as the National Democratic Party.
Hillary Rodham Clinton, then First Lady of the United States and the first First Lady to run for political office, defeated Congressman Rick Lazio.
The coalition was formed between the Scottish Labour Party, the Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party and three Independent councillors.
The 2002 Alaska gubernatorial election took place on November 5, 2002 for the post of Governor of Alaska.
Parliamentary elections were held in Libya on 25 June 2014 for the House of Representatives.
The by-election resulted from the death of the previous member Puti Tipene Watene on 14 June 1967.
In the 1961 Virginia gubernatorial election, incumbent Governor James Lindsay Almond, Jr., a Democrat, was unable to seek re-election due to term limits.
As Roosevelt was re-elected nationally to his fourth and final term, Massachusetts weighed in as about two percent more Republican than the national average.
The 2012 election saw the SNP gain 2 additional seats and regain their overall majority on the Council.
On November 2, 2010, Barnes conceded to Nathan Deal.
It includes both MPs elected at the 2015 general election, held on 7 May 2015, and those subsequently elected in by-elections.
New Mexico was won by Secretary of Commerce Herbert Hoover over New York Governor Al Smith in a 19-point landslide.
Technically, ʻEua is not a distinct constituency.
Federal elections were held in Germany on 20 May 1928.
Incumbent Democratic Mayor Alvin Brown ran for re-election to a second term in office.
The Croatian Bloc won a majority and incumbent mayor Vjekoslav Heinzel was reelected as mayor of Zagreb.
Former PM Adolfo Suárez's Democratic and Social Centre came out in third place with nearly 1.9 million votes, 9.2% of the share and 19 seats.
This was on the same day as other local elections.
On June 17, 1696, King John III Sobieski died in his palace at Wilanów near Warsaw.
Incumbent Democrat Thomas P. Salmon did not seek another term as Governor of Vermont, instead running for United States Senate.
This was the first general election in which a third party offered a full slate of candidates along with the two major parties.
The new administration centered on the First Lord of the Treasury; the Duke of Grafton, and his leader in the commons; Lord North.
Under the alternating system, elections were held in only four out of the nine provinces: Hainaut, Limburg, Liège and East Flanders.
The election was caused by the withdrawal of Austrian People's Party leader Wilhelm Molterer from the governing grand coalition on 7 July 2008.
Each ward elected either 3 or 4 members, using the STV electoral system.
Mississippi weighed in for this election as 6% more Republican than the national average.
On June 7, 2016, as part of the Democratic Party presidential primaries, North Dakota voters expressed their preferences for the Democratic party's nominees for President.
Senator William V. Roth won re-election to a fifth term.
The primaries were on August 22, 2006, in which both candidates were unopposed.
The 1984 United States presidential election in Rhode Island took place on November 6, 1984.
Prior to the election, most news organizations considered the state as a toss-up, or swing state, but few truly believed Obama would win it.
In Sicily the elections were held on 29–30 May, with a second round on 12–13 June.
The 1983 Castilian-Leonese regional election was held on Sunday, 8 May 1983, to elect the 1st Cortes of the Autonomous Community of Castile and León.
They were also the first free elections held in the country since 1937.
The Louisiana gubernatorial election, 1820, was the third gubernatorial election to take place after Louisiana achieved statehood.
The 2004 San Diego mayoral election was held on Tuesday, November 2, 2004 to elect the mayor for San Diego.
Legislative elections will be held in Austria on 15 October 2017.
The Justice and Development party won 107 seats, giving it the largest parliamentary representation, although not a majority.
52 councillors were elected from thirteen electoral divisions by PR-STV voting for a five-year term of office.
Delaware has a single at-large representative in the House of Representatives.
It resulted in the defeat of the minority Progressive Conservative government of Prime Minister John Diefenbaker.
3.3 million Sri Lankans were eligible to vote in the election.
In Congress, Popular Force won in a landslide, taking more than a third of the vote and an absolute majority of 73 out of 130 seats.
The elected candidate's term began on 1 March 2012 and will last until 2018.
The Christchurch mayoral election, 2004 was part of the New Zealand local elections, 2004.
Puerto Rico initially planned to hold caucuses, as was done in 2000 and 2004, on June 7, 2008.
Primary elections were held on September 14, 2010.
The election was held concurrently with the 2009 local elections in England.
Candidates' registration took place from 11 to 15 April 2017.
The presidential elections were won by Gustavo Díaz Ordaz, who received 90.4% of the vote.
The Governor of Florida, Republican Charlie Crist, was required to appoint a successor and he chose his former Chief of Staff, George LeMieux.
The campaign was dominated by the personal battle between Goldsmith and Khan, and their contrasting class and ethnic backgrounds.
There was an election to the Greater London Council held on 7 May 1981.
The 275-member National Assembly was a parliament created under the Transitional Law during the Occupation of Iraq.
General elections were held in Zambia on 28 September 2006 to elect a President, members of the National Assembly and local government councillors.
Moreover, he wanted to step down because many right-wing Finns opposed him.
It was the fourth worst defeat suffered by a ruling party in Japanese history.
Mayoral elections were held in Jersey City, New Jersey on May 14, 2013.
Hatfield opted to run for re-election, but was overwhelmingly defeated in the Democratic primary by United States Congressman Max Baucus of the 1st congressional district.
In the race for Lieutenant Governor, Democrat Robert F. Murphy defeated Republican Charles Gibbons, Prohibition candidate Harold E. Bassett, and Socialist Labor candidate Francis A. Votano.
The Liberal Democrats achieved a breakthrough in opinion polls after the first debate, in which their leader Nick Clegg was widely seen as the strongest performer.
There are 42 Lok Sabha Constituencies in West Bengal, India.
Labour chose Nigel Spearing as its candidate; previously the MP for Acton, he had lost his seat at the February election.
New Mexico was won by New York Governor Franklin D. Roosevelt in a 27-point sweep-out landslide against incumbent president Herbert Hoover, who failed to gain reelection.
The party chairman of DPP Su Tseng-chang resigned following his promise on the eve of the elections.
The result was a victory for the Cambodian People's Party, which won 64 of the 122 seats.
The turnout was a record low as a mere 50.5% of eligible voters turned out to vote.
The election saw the Labor Electoral League form government for the first time, winning 46 of the 90 seats in the Assembly.
It was the most recent time a Republican was elected governor of Minnesota.
These three counties have since stayed reliably Democratic in presidential elections.
The whole borough council were up for election.
An additional five delegates were awarded to the at-large winner, Barack Obama.
Mitt Romney was the winner of the Minnesota caucuses.
It included RJD, Congress, Lok Janshakti, NCP and CPI(M).
Candidates had to refile for the June 7 primary, if they still chose to run, in any district they chose.
As a result, without the Michigan vote, Obama won the popular vote; whereas with the votes from Michigan, Clinton won the popular vote.
Hoover carried 13 of the state's 14 counties, many by large margins.
Reagan's large margin of victory over incumbent Jimmy Carter pulled in many Democratic voters and gave a huge boost to Republican Senate candidates.
The presidential election was won by José María Velasco Ibarra of the Velasquista National Federation, who received 32.8% of the vote.
The new Legislature convened on January 7, 2003.
Illinois voters chose 26 electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Briscoe was sworn in for his second term on January 21, 1975.
In some communities, voters were threatened with reprisals if they dared to vote no, or even if they simply failed to vote at all.
In a statement the supervisor of elections acknowledged irregularities, but indicated that they were of a minor and technical nature, and were swiftly rectified once noticed.
John Hickenlooper was unopposed for the Democratic nomination.
It was held on November 4, 2008, but its significant events and background date back to about 2002.
It was dubbed "the quiet landslide" by the media,
That led to the Francœur Motion in January 1918.
Despite threats from insurgent militant groups in Northeast India, people turned out in large numbers for voting.
Senator Russ Feingold won re-election to a third term.
Voters chose twelve representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Already during this presidential campaign, Kekkonen promised not to run for president again, pp.
The military-led administration was credited for bringing stability and improving infrastructure in the country, though it suppressed some civil liberties.
In a political upset, Erskine H. Childers won the presidency.
All 57 seats in the City Council were up for election.
The National Assembly election was won by the African National Congress, but with a reduced majority of 62.1%, down from 65.9% in the 2009 election.
However, Labour remained the largest party in terms of vote share.
European Union and Commonwealth citizens who were aged 18 or over on election day were entitled to vote.
As of 2017, the 1972 election was the last one where the winning candidate did not serve his full term of office.
Bush ran with Indiana Senator Dan Quayle as Vice President, and Dukakis ran with Texas Senator Lloyd Bentsen.
The 1980 United States Senate election in Illinois was held on November 4, 1980.
All 75 seats in the Parliament were up for election.
A special election was held on 27 September 1874 to replace him, which Henri de Pitteurs-Hiegaerts won.
The result was a victory for Boris Yeltsin, who received 58.6% of the vote.
The general election was fought between the Republican nominee Jesse Helms and the Democrat nominee Rep. Nick Galifianakis.
This election was also famous for the performance of the Donald Duck Party, which collected 1,535 votes, enough to make it the 9th largest in Sweden.
In all, 50 of the 59 seats changed party, 49 of them being won by first-time MPs.
The 1888 United States presidential election in Virginia took place on November 6, 1888, as part of the 1888 United States presidential election.
A leadership spill of the Australian Labor Party was held on 4 December 2006.
Prior to the election, all 12 news organizations considered this a state Bush would win, or otherwise considered as a safe red state.
New Jersey voters chose 14 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President.
Despite Ford being a Northern moderate, the Southerner Carter won commanding victories over Ford in four of the five boroughs of New York City.
As a result the Rightist Prime Minister Carl Swartz resigned the premiership and was replaced by Liberal leader Nils Edén.
However, total voter turnout, at 67.8%, fell short of the 2003 figure, 69.7%, reaching a new low since the 1939 elections.
The United States presidential election of 1956 was the 43rd quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 6, 1956.
General elections were held in Cambodia on 27 July 2003 to elect members of the National Assembly.
The general election took place in 40 parliamentary constituencies throughout Ireland for 147 seats in the lower house of parliament, Dáil Éireann.
Voters chose 3 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
General elections were held in Italy on 20 November 1870, with a second round of voting on 27 November.
The Indian general election, 2009 in Karnataka, occurred for 28 seats in the state.
Despite some retirements Independents retained a share of 7 seats.
President Heinrich Lübke was renominated by the Christian Democratic Union.
The Saskatchewan general election of 1905 was the first provincial election in the newly created Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
The 1972 United States Senate election in New Mexico took place on November 7, 1972.
Independents doubled their seats to return with 6 seats to the Council chamber.
A. O. Preus defeated Farmer–Labor Party challenger Magnus Johnson.
Wallace for his part performed most strongly in North Jersey, particularly in Essex, Union, and Passaic Counties.
New Jersey voters chose 16 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President.
Gibson defeated Democratic candidate Berthold C. Coburn in the general election.
Goodwin pledged to not run for election to the seat in exchange for the appointment.
Senator Bob Smith won re-election to a second term.
The initial results of the 1916 election were extremely close, only 30 votes separating the two major candidates.
Parliamentary elections were held in Zimbabwe on 8 and 9 April 1995 to elect members to the House of Assembly of Zimbabwe.
However, the five non-incorporated territories that send Delegates to the House of Representatives participated in the presidential primaries.
Social Credit placed third in a number of ridings, and its leader tied for second in Rocky Mountain House.
The Arunachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly election, 2014 took place on 9 April 2014 along with parliamentary election 2014.
This was the first time since 1991 that there was no consensus candidate from the regional grouping, thus invoking a secret ballot vote.
New York voters chose 35 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President.
The election was held on 25 September and 4 October.
The Livingston constituency lies just across the Firth of Forth from the Dunfermline and West Fife constituency.
Incumbent Governor Kenny Guinn could not run due to term limits.
It was the second race of its kind in the history of the party, following the leadership election of 1985.
Tyler's widespread unpopularity lead to an enormous defeat for his party, and the Whigs lost almost 70 seats, winning just 73 seats.
Congressman and Democratic nominee Tom Carper defeated Republican nominee B. Gary Scott in a landslide, winning his first term in office.
The 1824 United States House of Representatives elections in New York were held from November 1 to 3, 1824, to elect 34 U.S.
Pakistan's first ever Presidential Elections were held on February 2, 1965.
As of 2016, this is the last Senate election in New Mexico won by a Republican.
The election was contested by around 860 candidates, and saw the Ba'ath Party win 187 of the 250 seats.
They were held under the April Constitution, drawn up earlier in 1935 by the Sanation movement, which structured the election rules in its favor.
Elections to South Lanarkshire Council were held on 3 May 2012 on the same day as the 31 other local authorities in Scotland.
The elections will coincide with the elections of other federal and state offices, including the 2014 Kansas gubernatorial election.
The Vermont gubernatorial election of 1912 took place on September 3, 1912.
Opposition candidates were allowed some access to the mass media, but this was still restricted.
Doug Burgum defeated Marvin Nelson in the General Election to become the new Governor of North Dakota.
A total of 31 Councillors were elected.
Tennessee voters chose 11 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President.
The Buckeye State was won by the Republican Party candidate, former Vice President Richard Nixon by a narrow margin of 2.28%.
When no winner emerged on the first ballot, another ballot was held on 15 February 2008, barely re-electing Klaus to a second term.
Prior to the election, most news organizations considered this a toss-up, or swing state, as it was heavily targeted by both campaigns.
Yucatán gubernatorial election – held by PRI before the election
Democratic Governor Joe Manchin appointed Carte Goodwin to temporarily fill the vacancy.
At this time in Illinois history the Lieutenant Governor was elected on a separate ballot from the governor.
The Manitoba General Election of June 25, 1969 was held to elect Members of the Legislative Assembly of the Canadian province of Manitoba.
As no candidate received a majority in the special election, a runoff was held on June 8, 2010.
Local elections were held in the United Kingdom in 1977.
Incumbent Republican senator Robert Taft, Jr. ran for re-election to second term, but was defeated by Democrat Howard Metzenbaum.
Senator Robert Byrd won re-election to an eighth term.
The 2012 Queensland state election was held on 24 March 2012 to elect all 89 members of the Legislative Assembly, a unicameral parliament.
Voters in North Carolina chose 14 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
The centre-left Labour Party, National's traditional opponent, lost ground for the fourth election in a row, receiving 25.1% of the party vote and 32 seats.
Four parties contested the elections; the centre-right Patriotic Union and Progressive Citizens' Party, centre-left Free List and newly created alliance The Independents.
A Catholic–Liberal government led by Georges Theunis was formed following the elections.
The 1992 United States Senate election in Arizona was held on November 3, 1992.
All 50 states and The District of Columbia were part of the 1980 United States presidential election.
The opposition Georgian Dream coalition of billionaire businessman Bidzina Ivanishvili won a majority of seats.
The 1800 United States House of Representatives elections in New York were held from April 29 to May 1, 1800, to elect ten U.S.
Goldwater carried the remaining six states in what would be the first election to see a total of fifty states carried by presidential candidates.
As with all preceding general elections following independence, the parliamentary election was won by BN, but yielded one of the worst results in the coalition's history.
The five departments which had not already done so all voted to have departmental autonomy.
The election was won by Democrat Judy Chu, who became the first Chinese American woman elected to serve in Congress.
After he was re-elected in 2010, he reaffirmed that he would not run for re-election in 2016.
Regional Assembly elections were also held on this date.
McKinley carried New York State with 53.10 percent of the vote to Bryan’s 43.83 percent, a victory margin of 9.27 percent.
The result was a victory for the Social Democratic Workers' Party, which won 72 of the 170 seats.
The Social Democrats and other left-wing parties had campaigned on the promise of ending the austerity, increasing the minimum wage, reducing unemployment and boosting public spending.
Listed are the results of selected municipal mayoral races in the province.
This was the last election until 1949 in which parts of the Northwest Territories were granted representation.
A Two-round system was used at this election for the first time.
The RND, FLN, and MSP formed a coalition government, with the RND's Ahmed Ouyahia as prime minister.
The election was won by Lowell "Bud" Grieves.
Supporters of Andreas Metaxas emerged as the largest block in Parliament.
They were the last held for the Dalmatian parliament in Zadar, as World War I broke out before the end of the government's mandate in 1915.
The 2010 Italian local elections were held on different dates; most on 29–30 March oncurrently with the Regional elections.
The Left Front, Congress and INPT each contested all 28 seats.
Exit Polls showed Perry winning whites, while White performed well among blacks and Hispanics
An election to Offaly County Council took place on 11 June 2004 as part of that year's Irish local elections.
The Liberal Party of Canada won the second largest number of seats overall, including a majority of the seats in the province of New Brunswick.
Although most exit polls favored Geoană in the runoff, the authorities declared Băsescu the narrow victor with 50.33% of the votes.
This is the most Republican result in the state.
New England overall would prove to be Anderson's strongest region in the nation, with all six New England states giving double-digit percentages to Anderson.
The election was notable for NSW in that:
The Liberals failed to gain overall control of Liverpool, and losing seats, but remaining the largest party on the council by a single seat.
Louis-Philippe of France dissolved the legislature in the absence of a majority on 2 February 1839.
Like most Southern states between the Reconstruction Era and the Civil Rights Movement, Louisiana's Republican Party had virtually no electoral support.
The 2009 Mount Albert by-election was held in the New Zealand electorate of Mount Albert on 13 June 2009.
All 50 states and the District of Columbia were part of the 1988 United States presidential election.
Views on this election were mixed; most major opposition parties filed complaints, and the success of the extremely new RND raised eyebrows.
Despite Nixon's victory, Democrats increased their majority by two seats.
The party had been founded by the Gang of Four the previous year and had rapidly built up its membership, but lacked a formal leadership structure.
He had held the seat since a 1906 by-election.
This article contains lists of candidates associated with the 2008 Democratic Party presidential primaries for the 2008 United States presidential election.
The 1860 presidential election is the fifth and final in a row in which the incumbent president was not a candidate at the general election.
The Federal Assembly elected Eveline Widmer-Schlumpf in Blocher's place, who accepted her election on the following morning.
South Carolina cast 11 eleven electoral votes for the Democratic candidate, Andrew Jackson.
The 1978 South Dakota gubernatorial election was held on November 7, 1978, to elect a Governor of South Dakota.
Under Article III Sec 2 of the 1812 Constitution of the State of Louisiana the Governor was elected in two steps.
Incumbent Governor Joseph Ritner ran as an Anti-Masonic candidate.
Harding's running mate was Governor Calvin Coolidge of Massachusetts, while Cox ran with Assistant Secretary of the Navy Franklin D. Roosevelt of New York.
João Figueiredo won with 355 electoral votes against 226 votes for Euler Monteiro.
The 2006 Camden Council election took place on 4 May 2006 to elect members of Camden London Borough Council in London, England.
The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained overall control of the council from no overall control.
Former Independent Governor Angus King won the open seat.
According to the exit-polls, Papadopoulos was voted by 40% of "No" voters in the Annan referendum and 5% of the "Yes".
It is generally reckoned as the first free election ever held in Austria.
Karunanidhi had been at odds with Indira Gandhi over his opposition to Emergency and allied with Janata Party founded by Jayaprakash Narayan.
The list is sorted by the name of the MP.
Parliamentary elections were held in Greece on 3 November 1963.
All 404 seats in the Congress of Deputies were up for election, as well as 180 of 360 seats in the Senate.
After forming a coalition government to oust the Liberals from power after the 1929 election, James T.M.
Pennsylvania voted for the Democratic candidate, James Buchanan, over the Republican candidate, John C. Frémont, and the Know Nothing candidate, Millard Fillmore.
Rutte was sworn in as Prime Minister on 14 October, becoming the first liberal to hold that post since 1918.
Voters chose 15 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Even radical support coalesced around the Tories, with it being felt that Peel would be more open to electoral reform.
Bush ran with Indiana Senator Dan Quayle as Vice President, and Dukakis ran with Texas Senator Lloyd Bentsen.
Former Mayor Martin Chavez did not run for re-election in 1997, and instead was the Democratic nominee for Governor of New Mexico.
The 1980 United States presidential election in Wisconsin took place on November 4, 1980.
An election to Kilkenny County Council took place on 11 June 2004 as part of that year's Irish local elections.
The election was held simultaneously with the 1986 Spanish general election.
General elections were held in Venezuela on 4 December 1988.
Growing divisions over slavery were also a contentious concern, as this ever-present issue had been brought to the forefront by Congressional rejection of the Wilmot Proviso.
Stephen Doughty of the Labour Party won the election with 47.3% of the vote.
As a consequence, the Centre party was replaced with Reform Party in the government.
In the end, Doyle defeated Green by a fairly comfortable margin, improving on his 2002 victory in the process.
The Liberal campaign was also damaged by the revelation that the shadow treasurer, Robert Dean, was ineligible to run.
The 1777 New York gubernatorial election was held in June 1777 to elect the Governor and the Lieutenant Governor.
Following the election, SDS leader Ivan Kostov became Prime Minister.
A mayoral election was held in Surabaya on 9 December 2015, as part of the 2015 simultaneous local elections across Indonesia.
Senator Edwin L. Mechem sought re-election to a full term, but was defeated by Democrat Joseph Montoya.
It was also noted for the rise of the controversial politician Geert Wilders and the Party for Freedom, which came in third.
Reagan ran for a second time with former C.I.A.
Incumbent attorney general and future governor, Christine Gregoire, was re-elected by a wide margin in a victory over perennial candidate Richard Pope.
Parliamentary elections were held in Syria on 22 and 23 May 1990.
All 69 electors cast one vote for Washington, so that he received 69 of 69 possible votes, thus making his election unanimous.
These states did not release the results of the popular vote from their caucus'.
It marked the beginning of the Fourth Labour Government, with David Lange's Labour Party defeating the long-serving Prime Minister, Robert Muldoon, of the National Party.
Genro finished in second to advance to the runoff while Lemos finished in a distant third.
She went on to defeat Brown by over 236,000 votes, 54% to 46%.
Thus Truman was rewarded with a Democratic gain of nine seats in the Senate, enough to give them control of the chamber.
Incumbent Senator Harry F. Byrd, Sr. was re-elected to a sixth term after defeating Republican Richard A.
The 2007 Indian vice-presidential election was held on 10 August 2007 to elect Vice-President of India to serve from 2007 until 2012.
The North Carolina lieutenant gubernatorial election of 1996 was held on 5 November 1996, as part of the elections to the Council of State.
In 1917, the main issue facing the nation was conscription.
Wisconsin voters chose 11 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President of the United States.
All 89 seats in the Corts were up for election.
New Hampshire and Vermont's governors will serve 2-year terms
Elections to the European Parliament were held in Belgium on June 10, 1979.
13th Assembly was instituted due to this election.
It was the fifth general election since the parliament was established in 1999.
In spring of 2000, the Reform Party became the Canadian Alliance, a political party dedicated to uniting right-wing conservatives together into one party.
These elections coincided with the presidential election on November 6, 2012.
The term of office for those elected in 2006 ran from January 3, 2007, to January 3, 2013.
The NNP was looking for a fourth consecutive term in power, which would have been a first in Grenadian history.
Democratic incumbent Jay Nixon won re-election against businessman Dave Spence.
Senator James Buckley ran for re-election to a second term, but was defeated by Pat Moynihan.
With Taft out of the race some GOP conservatives favored General MacArthur.
Turnout was high at 78.8%, the second highest for any nationwide election held ever since.
The incumbent President Ulysses S. Grant was easily elected to a second term in office, with Senator Henry Wilson of Massachusetts as his running mate.
Senator John D. Rockefeller IV won re-election to a fifth-term.
The 1998 United States Senate election in Wisconsin was held on November 3, 1998.
Pawlenty exited the race on August 14, one day after finishing third in Iowa's Ames Straw Poll, citing a lack of campaign funds.
National Assembly elections were held in Bhutan for the first time on 24 March 2008.
Roll Call additionally listed the 21st district as competitive.
Palmer would eventually go on to become Prime Minister.
Senator Henry Bellmon decided to retire, instead of seeking a third term.
The 1960 United States presidential election in New York took place on November 8, 1960.
The 2003 Wan Chai District Council election was held on 23 November 2003 to elect all 11 elected members to the 14-member District Council.
However, Schwartz managed to win 33 percent of the vote—the first time a Republican had crossed the 30-percent barrier in a general election.
The result of this election was declared on 16 May.
The Progress Party also lost ground, but nevertheless became a participant in the new government.
Montana overwhelmingly voted for the Republican nominee, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Herbert Hoover, over the Democratic nominee, New York Governor Al Smith.
The 1988 United States Senate election in Arizona took place on November 8, 1988.
Li Yuanhong was forced to disband it due to the Manchu Restoration on 13 June 1917.
In his re-election bid, he was able to gain a larger share of the vote in Democratic-leaning Pima County as well as most of northern Arizona.
The general election took place in 41 parliamentary constituencies throughout Ireland for 165 seats in the lower house of parliament, Dáil Éireann.
The election took place in 650 constituencies across the United Kingdom under the first-past-the-post system.
Republican Walter Evans Edge defeated Democratic nominee H. Otto Wittpenn with 55.44% of the vote.
The Election for the 6th Legislative Yuan of Taiwan was held on December 11, 2004.
Parvanov had to face him in a runoff, as Bulgarian law requires a turnout of 50% for a president to be elected in the first round.
He was inaugurated as the sixth President of Indonesia on 20 October 2004.
Other TDs who considered running included Michael Noonan and Gay Mitchell.
The general election took place on November 8, 2016.
CDU/CSU remained the largest faction, while the Social Democratic Party narrowly became the largest individual party in the Bundestag, winning 203 of the 521 seats.
The right formed an electoral coalition, as was favoured by the new electoral system enacted earlier in the year.
In choosing Dominique Voynet, the Greens opted for their integration with the left.
However, from when Sarah Palin was announced as McCain's running mate on August 29, polls showed John McCain consistently ahead.
The election was in one member districts, using first past the post voting.
The Progressive Conservative Party, led by former Premier of Ontario George Drew, gained little ground in this election.
Hoover and Curtis defeated the Democratic nominees, Governor Alfred E. Smith of New York and his running mate Senator Joseph Taylor Robinson of Arkansas.
The 1974 United States Senate election in Vermont took place on November 5, 1974.
New Electoral Areas were introduced in 2013 and came into effect on 1 January 2014.
Parliamentary elections were held in France on 13 and 14 May 1849.
The 1978 California gubernatorial election occurred on November 7, 1978.
Clinton ultimately won the national vote, defeating both incumbent President Bush and Perot.
As these elections were prior to ratification of the seventeenth amendment, Senators were chosen by State legislatures.
He was likewise re-elected to a third term in 2015, setting him up to become the longest serving head of the party ever.
When this majority is not reached in the first round of voting, a second round takes place within seven days.
They saw a resurgence of support for the Labour Party, retaining control of Strathclyde and Fife and winning Central and Lothian.
Senator Ron Wyden won re-election to a second full term.
The Prime Minister, government ministers and parliamentary secretaries were sworn in on 14 September 2010 by the Governor-General Quentin Bryce.
The 2016 United States House of Representatives elections in Rhode Island were held on November 8, 2016, to elect the 2 U.S.
The 1975 Urban Council election was held on 5 March 1971 for 6 of the 12 elected seats of the Urban Council of Hong Kong.
The whole council was up for election.
Elections for the Japanese House of Councillors were held in Japan in 1995.
The incumbent, Republican Representative Mike Ferguson, announced on November 19, 2007, that he would not seek reelection, citing family obligations.
Delaware cast two electoral votes for William H. Crawford and one for John Quincy Adams.
All registered, due-paying KMT party members were eligible to vote.
The election was held in a highly charged political atmosphere, with allegations of media bias, voter intimidation and a poisoning of candidate Yushchenko with dioxin.
He was killed on 29 November 1941 while serving during World War II with the New Zealand Expeditionary Force in Libya.
Bihar Assembly elections were held twice in year 2005.
While Nakaima favors moving the base to outside Okinawa he has repeatedly expressed his willingness to negotiate with the central government on the relocation plans.
The 1990 Vermont gubernatorial election took place on November 6, 1990.
Lindsay also received the Independent ballot line.
The 2008 United States Senate election in Delaware was held on November 4, 2008.
Tedisco's campaign also brought up Murphy's failure to pay taxes on a company he founded in the 1990s.
31 councillors were elected from three electoral divisions by PR-STV voting for a five-year term of office.
The 2007 municipal elections featured a plebiscite on the possible amalgamation of the towns of Black Diamond and Turner Valley.
It was the first election following the Representation of the People Act 1868.
Senator William Cohen won re-election to a third term.
In a referendum held together with the election, the majority voted YES to hold the barangay elections pursuant to Proclamation № 2088.
Outgoing President Harry Truman's dismal approval rating was one reason why his party lost its House majority.
This election coincided with the Senate and the House elections.
The election was won by Alex Sink who took office on January 2, 2007
The outgoing Catholic government led by Jean Van Houtte lost their majority in parliament.
Tong beat Tetaua Taitai of the United Coalition Party and Rimeta Beniamina of the Maurin Kiribati Party with a little over 42% of the vote.
The United States Senate elections, 1980 coincided with Ronald Reagan's victory in the presidential election.
The 15th South Korean Presidential Election took place on 19 December 1997.
Abolitionists endorsed Luther Bradish, the Whig candidate for lieutenant governor, who supported all three, and some activists recommended voting against Seward.
By the end of the elections, 11 seats would be held by Democrats, 24 by Republicans, and one by an independent.
Soon after, Nebraska followed suit and laid the foundation for other states to adopt measures reflecting the people's will.
Lincoln won Pennsylvania by a margin of 18.72%.
The 2016 London Assembly election was an election held on 5 May 2016 to elect the members of the London Assembly.
Idaho voters chose 4 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President.
The New Jersey gubernatorial election of 1940 was a race for Governor of New Jersey held on November 5, 1940.
The strongest county for Debs within the state was the New York City borough of the Bronx, where Debs broke fifteen percent of the vote.
It will be the third successive Local Council election to run under the STV Electoral System.
The election was originally scheduled for January 2007, but it was postponed by a military-controlled caretaker government for an extended period of time.
It was held on 1 May 2003 and it brought no change in terms of control of the Scottish Executive.
These electors were elected by the Delaware General Assembly, the state legislature, rather than by popular vote.
In the Sejm elections, 47.93% of citizens cast their votes, 96.12% of which were counted as valid.
The 1990 Oregon gubernatorial election took place on November 7, 1990.
Only 571,939 men of a total population of around 28 million were entitled to vote.
Cleveland and Stevenson defeated the Republican nominees, incumbent President Benjamin Harrison of Indiana and his running mate U.S.
The free election of 1573 was the first ever royal election to be held in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth.
The 2012 Democratic Party global presidential primary for Democrats Abroad took place on May 1-6, 2012.
The elections coincided with the elections of other federal and state offices, including a gubernatorial election and an election to the U.S. Senate.
The top two finishers, incumbent governor Jay Inslee and Port of Seattle Commissioner Bill Bryant, moved on to the November general election, which Inslee won.
The winner of the race was Walter E. Fauntroy, who won his ninth re-election.
Parliamentary elections were held in Norway on 14 and 15 September 1997.
The “Socreds” increased both their share of the popular vote almost half of all votes) and their number of seats in the legislature.
The Alberta general election of 1909 was the second general election for the Province of Alberta, Canada.
Nixon took 52.75% of the vote to Humphrey’s 43.53%, a margin of 9.22%.
Minor parties, including the agrarian populist Hunting, Fishing, Nature, Traditions and the far-left Workers' Struggle obtained very good results and elected 6 and 5 MEP's respectively.
Pennsylvania was won by Vice President Al Gore by a 4.17% margin of victory.
As of 2017, this is the last election in which someone who was not from the Democratic or Republican party was elected to the House.
The social democratic Co-operative Commonwealth Federation, led by Donald C. MacDonald, won two additional seats, for a total of five.
The election winner, Bob Corker, served his term between January 3, 2007 and January 3, 2013.
As of 2016, this is the last time a Democrat was elected Governor of Arkansas and the last time a Democrat carried every county in Arkansas.
None of the parties achieved the 326 seats needed for an overall majority.
Note, this style of voting was later repealed in 1992.
The Three-Party Coalition won almost half the seats in the 243-seat Chamber.
Fine Gael candidate Helen McEntee, daughter of the deceased, was elected on the third count.
Bush ran with Indiana Senator Dan Quayle as Vice President, and Dukakis ran with Texas Senator Lloyd Bentsen.
Representatives to represent the State of New York in the United States House of Representatives of the 9th United States Congress.
Voters will elect the 630 members of the Chamber of Deputies and the 315 elective members of the Senate of the Republic for the 18th Parliament.
In a surprise move, Araya announced on 6 March that he would abandon his campaign for the run-off election.
The Liberal campaign was directed by an ex-Conservative, Joseph Israël Tarte.
Taib, who had served as Chief Minister for 30 years, was sworn in for his eighth term on the same night.
Willkie's running mate was Senate Minority Leader Charles L. McNary of Oregon, while Roosevelt ran with Secretary of Agriculture Henry A. Wallace of Iowa.
Wall's Saskatchewan Party government was re-elected with an increased majority of 49 seats, the third-largest majority government in the province's history.
Alvin Yeung Ngok-kiu of the pan-democracy camp held the seat for the Civic Party with 37 percent of the popular vote.
The winning candidate would serve a two-year term from January 3, 1993, to January 3, 1995.
Another crucial victory for Smith was in Hampden County, home to the city of Springfield.
Polling in the state gave a hefty and large lead to Republican John McCain over Democrat Barack Obama.
Voters determined five candidates to serve in the U.S. House, one from each of the state's five congressional districts.
Polk won Pennsylvania by a margin of 1.91%.
It was the first general election held in Sri Lanka following the conclusion of the civil war which lasted 26 years.
Voters chose 32 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Madison was serving as United States Secretary of State under incumbent Thomas Jefferson, and Pinckney had been the unsuccessful Federalist candidate in the election of 1804.
Voters chose 6 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
The result was a victory for the Catholic Party, which won 41 of the 88 seats up for election in the Chamber of Representatives.
New Mexico voters chose four electors to represent them in the Electoral College, which voted for President and Vice President.
The 1983 Cantabrian regional election was held on Sunday, 8 May 1983, to elect the 1st Regional Assembly of the Autonomous Community of Cantabria.
Democrats retained all three seats up for election although three new people were elected governor.
A Midwestern state where agriculture plays a critical role in the daily lives of its citizens, Iowa is nevertheless an independent state.
The Republican Party, hoping to regain the majority it lost in the 2006 or at least expand its congressional membership, lost additional seats.
The 2014 Mid-Ulster District Council election took place on 22 May 2014 to elect members of Mid-Ulster District Council in Northern Ireland.
Quigley was sworn in on April 21 and will serve out the current congressional term.
Michigan voters chose 21 electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Another view led by the unofficial members in the Legislative Council suggested that the Board should be abolished.
Some municipalities achieved population milestones as a result of their 2011 censuses.
Two-term incumbent Mayor Byron Brown, a Democrat, faced Republican challenger Sergio Rodriguez.
The Labour Party achieved a complete majority of English seats despite losing the popular vote by 72,544 to the Conservative Party.
General elections were held in Gibraltar in May 1996.
The Scottish National Party increased their representation, gaining 4 seats on the Isle of Lewis while losing 1 seat on Barra.
The election resulted in a hung parliament, with the Labor and Liberal parties on 17 seats each.
There were 13 parliament seats from Punjab and the elections were held for 4 seats on 7 May and remaining 9 on 13 May.
President Bush frequently pointed to the election as a sign of progress in rebuilding Iraq.
However the results of this election in New York are typical of President Johnson’s almost universal popularity across the United States at the time.
Lewis won the election handily and Burr subsequently killed Hamilton in a duel.
Voters chose fifteen representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
The results show the whole legislature following the elections.
The election was held alongside 33 other United States Senate elections in addition to congressional, state, and various local elections.
Political opposition to the president was not allowed.
The voters elected for the elective local posts in the city: the representative, mayor, vice mayor, the two provincial board members for Laguna and twelve councilors.
They also faced several third party candidates.
Senator Boies Penrose successfully sought re-election to another term, defeating Democratic nominee John A. Farrell.
The LU was affiliated with the federal Commonwealth Liberal Party.
The elected seats extended from 2 seats to 4 seats in this election, which increased the total numbers of member from 13 to 15.
As these elections were prior to ratification of the seventeenth amendment, Senators were chosen by State legislatures.
Clinton ultimately won the national vote, defeating incumbent President Bush and Perot.
The European Parliament election of 2009 in Slovakia was the election of the delegation from Slovakia to the European Parliament in 2009.
The Timaru by-election of 1985 was a by-election for the electorate of Timaru during the term of the 40th New Zealand Parliament.
Republican Phil Gramm won the open seat.
The election resulted in the Saskatchewan Party winning its third majority government.
The previous two elections, in 2005 and 2011, were for half the council seats and were open to male candidates and voters only.
On 15 and 16 January the public elected presidential electors to an electoral college.
Since no government could be formed in Bihar, fresh elections were held in October–November the same year.
A regional election was held in Madeira on 9 October 2011, to determine the composition of the Legislative Assembly of the Autonomous Region of Madeira.
Major party candidates can qualify for the ballot through party assemblies or by petition.
On May 3, seventeen candidates, including eleven Republicans, competed on the same ballot.
The 1992 North Dakota gubernatorial election took place on 3 November 1992.
Lewis was the incumbent Premier at the 1912 election, and John Earle was Labour Party leader.
The new Parliament was summoned to meet on 31 August 1802, for a maximum seven-year term from that date.
In Broadwood, incumbent Michael Mak Kwok-fung of the pro-democracy League of Social Democrats lost to independent Pamela Peck Wan-kam.
Specter went on to be reelected to his fifth term, defeating the Democratic nominee, Congressman Joe Hoeffel.
Representatives from the state of Arizona, one from each of the state's nine congressional districts.
All 50 states and the District of Columbia, were part of the 1968 United States presidential election.
Most voters cast their ballot on 25 November 2010; 754 voters on offshore islands were entitled to cast their ballots on 22 November.
The 1916 United States presidential election in New Jersey took place on November 7, 1916.
Two seats in Alexandria were left vacant after the results were annulled by a court.
Twenty-two professed anti-Semites were also elected, including Édouard Drumont.
Incumbent Democratic Mayor Ray Nagin was term-limited and ineligible to run for re-election to a third term.
The United Kingdom general election, 1806 was the election of members to the 3rd Parliament of the United Kingdom.
A reported 99.7% of voters voted in favour, with a turnout of 94.6%.
This was the first provincial council election in the Northern Province in 25 years.
He claimed that he would have called it earlier, but the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake which killed a number of Danes delayed it.
Senator Joe Biden won re-election to a fifth term.
Opposition is 13 SNP members and 2 Independent.
Voters chose 9 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
The Pennsylvania gubernatorial election of 1857 occurred on November 3, 1857.
Partial general elections were held in Belgium on 27 May 1906.
The 1938 election for Mayor of Los Angeles took place on September 16, 1938 following the recall of incumbent Frank L. Shaw.
Wellington announced on 5 February he would support a Palaszczuk-led Labor minority government on confidence and supply while retaining the right to vote on conscience.
They gained 395 seats and finished with 1,850 councillors.
The 1992 United States presidential election in Texas took place on November 3, 1992, as part of the 1992 United States presidential election.
The election was held on November 8, 1892 and resulted in a victory for the Democratic nominee, former Congressman William J.
The multi-seat constituencies were abolished before the next election.
They were won by the Democratic Rally, who increased their seats from 18 to 20.
The bulk of the National Government's support came from the Conservative Party, and the Conservatives won 470 seats.
Voter turnout was 70%, the lowest since the 1950s.
The date of the election, 7 November, was announced by the SPDC on 13 August.
The Quebec general election of 1985 was held on December 2, 1985, to elect members of the National Assembly of the Province of Quebec, Canada.
Gore won every county and congressional district.
All 50 states and The District of Columbia were part of the 1980 United States presidential election.
The 2007 Election saw the Scottish National Party lose majority control on the Council.
Prior to the election, all 12 news organizations considered this a state Bush would win, or otherwise considered as a safe red state.
This was held on the same day as other United Kingdom local elections, 2012.
Dukakis ran with Texas Senator Lloyd Bentsen as Vice President, and Bush ran with Indiana Senator Dan Quayle.
All seats in the Legislative Assembly and half the seats in the Legislative Council were up for election.
ADPL young candidate Bruce Liu also defeated DAB chairman Tsang Yok-sing in Kowloon Central, along with many other DAB main candidates being defeated by pro-democrats.
The writs of election for the 2015 election were issued by Governor General David Johnston on August 4.
Like most Southern states between the Reconstruction Era and the Civil Rights Movement, Louisiana's Republican Party was virtually nonexistent in terms of electoral support.
At 19:51 local time, Mahama called Akufo-Addo to concede defeat.
Presidential elections were held in France on 24 April and 8 May 1988.
This was the first general election in which the election was contested along party lines in Northwest Territories.
General elections were held in San Marino on 4 June 2006.
The electoral divisions were the same as those used at the previous election in 2004.
The 2015 Northwest Territories general election was held November 23, 2015 and was the 23rd general election in Northwest Territories history.
The Illinois gubernatorial election of 1852 was the tenth election for this office.
The election resulted in Labor's best election result after World War II, and featured a united National Party for the first time since the 1977 election.
The winner of the race was Eleanor Holmes Norton, who won her fourth re-election.
The 1991 Hong Kong District Board elections were held on 3 March 1991.
With neither candidate able to win an absolute majority, Heinemann won the election on the third ballot by only 6 votes.
Registered members of each party may only vote in their party's primary, while voters who are unaffiliated may choose any one primary in which to vote.
There were 24 candidates representing three political parties in the March 3 special primary election.
The voting was not provided in the annexed Autonomous Republic of Crimea and Sevastopol.
The MLA with the biggest margin of victory was the Roman Catholic incumbent MLA Frances D'Souza of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
The Northern moderate Ford, however, edged out Carter statewide with comfortable victories in heavily populated suburban counties which were dominated by moderate Republicans.
The 1940 Montana gubernatorial election took place on November 5, 1940.
The Chicago Mayoral Election of 1987 saw the re-election of Chicago's first black mayor, Harold Washington.
The factions were only vaguely affiliated to an organized program.
A series of by-elections were subsequently held on 2 July to elect representatives for the 114 vacant seats.
Both states had large urban Irish Catholic populations, who remained loyal Democrats in the wake of 1928, even as other groups defected back to the GOP.
The elections were the first electoral test for the new Prime Minister James Callaghan, and were a major reverse for the ruling Labour Party.
The election was held simultaneously with regional elections in 12 other autonomous communities and local elections all throughout Spain.
Three of the seven Constitutionalists elected, including Winston Churchill, had been opposed by official Liberal candidates, and sat as Conservatives after the election.
Republican Charles H. Sheldon was elected, defeating Independent A. L. Van Osdel and Democratic nominee Peter Couchman.
Hillary Clinton won the election in Connecticut with 54.5% of the vote, a reduced margin from President Obama’s 58.06% in 2012.
Incumbent Democrat Howard Dean did not run for re-election to a sixth full term as Governor of Vermont.
Donald Trump's appeal to Rust Belt workers, combined with the traditional Republican support coming from rural areas of the state, overtook the urban vote.
Eligible voters included soldiers at the front.
The Christian democrat leader Georges Bidault led a government which included socialists and Communists.
The European Parliament election of 1989 in West Germany was the election of the delegation from West Germany to the European Parliament in 1989.
General elections were held in Turkey on 2 May 1954.The electoral system used was the multiple non-transferable vote.
HSS was reduced to a sixth of its previous membership, with two sitting ministers losing their seats.
Representatives from the state of South Carolina, one from each of the state's 7 congressional districts.
Jefferson was subsequently criticized as having won "the temple of Liberty on the shoulders of slaves".
No Democratic candidate has won this state since 1964, until Barack Obama broke this record in 2008.
Bush ran with Indiana Senator Dan Quayle as Vice President, and Dukakis ran with Texas Senator Lloyd Bentsen.
Neil Kinnock was elected Leader with 71% of the vote; runner-up Roy Hattersley stood simultaneously for Deputy Leader and was elected as Deputy.
Healy needed a 51% vote to hold off a second round.
The 2004 Montana gubernatorial election took place on November 2, 2004 for the post of Governor of Montana.
Incumbent President Calvin Coolidge, the Republican candidate, was elected to a full term.
Contests occurred in 103 constituencies, 38% of the total.
The primaries were held on August 30.
The Māori vote was held on 7 September.
All contemporary 44 states were part of the 1892 United States presidential election.
Representatives from the state of Hawaii, one from each of the state's two congressional districts.
The primary elections occurred on September 14, 2010.
Voter turnout was 87.2% in Denmark proper, 56.8% in the Faroe Islands and 52.1% in Greenland.
The elections saw Labour, now in their second year of government, suffer a setback as the opposition Conservatives gained ground.
The election also saw UKIP field candidates around the city.
The general election took place in 34 parliamentary constituencies throughout Ireland for 138 seats in the lower house of parliament, Dáil Éireann.
Hillary Clinton won the election in Colorado with 48.2% of the vote.
As it was, however, they lost one of the two seats they were defending and picked up no gains from their opponents.
Incumbent governor William F. Johnston, a Whig, was a candidate for re-election but was defeated by Democratic candidate William Bigler.
Alabama voted for the Democratic candidate, Andrew Jackson, over the National Republican candidate, Henry Clay.
The new anti-Labour party was the Commonwealth Liberal Party, with Lewis as its leader.
New Jersey in this era was usually a swing state with a slight Republican lean.
When the Treaty of Lisbon was ratified, the number of Bulgarian Delegates went back up to 18.
The turnout for the popular vote was 47.3%.
Calvin Coolidge also enjoyed a unique personal popularity which helped him in the state.
Popular incumbent Democratic Senator Fritz Hollings easily defeated Republican challenger Henry McMaster to win his fourth full term.
Delegates chose through the primary process attended the 1924 Republican National Convention held from June 10 to June 12, 1924, in Cleveland, Ohio.
The Elections for the United States House of Representatives on 5 November 2002 was in the middle of President George W. Bush's first term.
In the event the candidates were Menzies Campbell, the party's foreign affairs spokesperson, and Malcolm Bruce, spokesperson for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs.
As his running mate, Cox chose Franklin D. Roosevelt, a fifth cousin of Theodore Roosevelt who would be elected president himself in 1932.
All London borough council seats were up for election.
The Liberal Party lost 163 seats, leaving them with 950 councillors.
Even in the South, the Democrats lost seats to Republican-Populist electoral fusion in Alabama, Texas, Tennessee, and North Carolina.
The Assembly was reduced in numbers, from 54 to 42.
South Dakota voters chose 3 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President.
The 60 seats in the Grand and General Council were up for grabs.
If none of the candidates achieve more than a half of the valid votes, a run-off will be held on October 31, 2010.
The Liberals did not run candidates in all ridings, having an informal electoral pact with the Progressives and Liberal-Progressives.
The primary election was held on April 24, 2012.
This was a reduction in 4 council seats and 2 LEAs when compared to the previous elections held in 2009.
The elections were contested by the incumbent President Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe Rhodesia-era Prime Minister Abel Muzorewa, and ZANU-Ndonga leader Ndabaningi Sithole.
Sestak ultimately defeated Specter in the May 18 primary, garnering 53.9% of the vote, to Specter's 46.1%.
The election used the Hare-Clark proportional representation system — six members were elected from each of five electorates.
Joaquín Leguina's PSOE suffered from PM Felipe González' unpopularity at national level and fell below 30% for the first time in a regional election.
Utah voters chose 5 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President of the United States.
The Umbrian regional election of 2010 took place on 28–29 March 2010.
This feat was only accomplished one other time in Canadian history, in the 1935 Prince Edward Island election.
In the last months of his time in office, he reversed his position, however, copying the popular New Deal of Franklin Roosevelt in the United States.
Voter turnout was the lowest til then with just 53.3% of the electorate casting their ballot on election day.
Bülent Ecevit's Democratic Left Party also scraped through to win seven seats.
The elections were conducted to elect the government in the state of Karnataka for the next five years.
The 1828 United States presidential election in Mississippi took place between October 31 and December 2, 1828, as part of the 1828 United States presidential election.
Partial general elections were held in Belgium on 22 May 1910.
The by-election writ was moved in the Dáil on 29 April 2015.
The candidates were incumbent Democrat Tom Perriello, Republican state Senator Robert Hurt and Independent candidate Jeffrey Clark.
Elections to the United States House of Representatives for the 24th Congress were held in 1834 and 1835 during Andrew Jackson's second term in office.
The Patea by-election was a by-election in the New Zealand electorate of Patea, a rural seat on the west coast of the North Island.
Georges Clemenceau, also a Radical, replaced him, and remained premier until July 1909.
The elections were originally scheduled to take place in 2009.
During this election, the Democratic-Republican Party was the only major national party, and four different candidates from this party sought the Presidency.
The Progressive Conservative Party doubled its share of the popular vote to almost 7%, but won no seats in the legislature.
He was defeated in the general election by Republican nominee Marco Rubio.
Rhode Island voted for the National Republican candidate, Henry Clay, over the Democratic Party candidate, Andrew Jackson.
Barrow's United Democratic Party increased its majority from 17 seats to 19 seats.
The territory's delegation also included eight unpledged "superdelegates".
Previously, the public had elected an electoral college that in turn elected the President.
This was the first mayoral election in the city's history to use instant-runoff voting, popularly known as ranked choice voting.
The 1980 United States presidential election in Delaware took place on November 4, 1980.
However, the four non-socialist parties succeeded in winning a majority between them and forming a government.
Dukakis carried Washington state with 50.05% of the vote to Bush's 48.46%, a margin of 1.59%.
The 2002 Idaho gubernatorial election was held on November 5, 2002 to select the governor of the state of Idaho.
Mitt Romney won the state and, as the winner in Alaska's congressional district, was awarded all of that district's delegates.
Notable freshmen included future Senators Tom Cotton, Tammy Duckworth, and Steve Daines.
It was prompted by the resignation of Matiu Rata, a former member of the Labour Party who was establishing a new group, Mana Motuhake.
Democrat Joel Parker defeated Republican nominee Cornelius Walsh with 51.88% of the vote.
Famous lawyers and doctors including the rich and the wealthy, political families were elected.
In the 1898 elections, only Ulster had Unionist and unaligned Laborite Councillors.
Sinn Féin sent a delegation of 6 councillors back to the new chamber to join their existing member Maurice Quinlivan.
The Belfast South by-election was held on 4 March 1982 following the death of Robert Bradford, Ulster Unionist Party Member of Parliament for Belfast South.
The 2008 Rhode Island Republican primary took place on March 4, 2008.
The 1896 Minnesota gubernatorial election took place on November 3, 1896.
Humphrey received 55.30 percent of the vote in Maine, which equated to 217,312 total votes to Nixon’s 43.07 percent and 169,254 total votes.
This election marked the return of preferential voting after first past the post voting had been used for elections from 1944-1960.
Maryland was easily won by Vice President Al Gore by a safe margin of victory.
Austrian citizens living in Germany were also allowed to vote in the elections for the Weimar National Assembly in the same year.
Democratic Party of Minnesota candidate John Albert Johnson defeated Republican Party of Minnesota challenger Jacob F. Jacobson.
18 councillors were elected from three electoral divisions by PR-STV voting for a five-year term of office, a reduction of 2 seats compared to 2009.
The pact was broken in October 2008 following a dispute over a budgetary vote in the Congress of Deputies.
General elections were held in Costa Rica on February 5, 1978.
The major alliances were the Democratic Front and the Bharatiya Janata Party - Shiv Sena alliance.
Registered members of each party only voted in their party's primary, while voters who were unaffiliated chose any one primary in which to vote.
There was an aborted attempt to put together a Labour/Liberal Democrat coalition.
The total voter strength of Tamil Nadu is 53,752,682.
Similarly, of the thirteen departments that originally voted for Juppé, nine switched to Fillon in the second round.
The Catholics had formed the government continuously since 1884; the incumbent de Broqueville government was in office since 1911.
It was concurrent with elections to the United States House of Representatives and the presidential election.
After the election, Pierlot continued as Prime Minister.
This was the very first presidential election that Alaska participated in.
Carter won Alabama by a margin of 13.12%.
Incumbent Republican George Aiken did not run for re-election to another term in the United States Senate.
Taft won Pennsylvania by a landslide margin of 23.43%.
All 135 seats in the Parliament were up for election.
Instead they established an 8-man Presidency Council consisting of 4 members of each party.
Council leader Chris Steward resigned as leader of the Conservative group after suffering a stroke in May 2016, and was replaced by David Carr.
Primary elections were held on June 4, 2014.
The NDP formed the government for the first time in Alberta history and ousted the long-ruling Progressive Conservatives, who were reduced to third place.
The 2010 Maine gubernatorial election took place on November 2, 2010.
Of the five departments won by Sarkozy in the first round, all but one switched to Fillon in the runoff.
No official results were announced for more than a month after the first round.
The 2008 North Dakota gubernatorial election took place on 4 November 2008 for the post of Governor of North Dakota.
In June 2007, Blair resigned as both Prime Minister and Leader of the Labour Party and was replaced by then-Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown.
The fourth legislative council election to Madras Presidency after the establishment of dyarchical system of government by the Government of India Act, 1919 in September 1930.
Four-term incumbent governor John Lynch was eligible to seek a fifth term.
The winner in each of Louisiana's seven congressional districts was awarded all of that district's delegates, totaling 37.
It was a by-election caused by the absence of F. B. L. Bowley from Hong Kong on holiday.
Landon took 56.39% of the vote, to Roosevelt's 43.24%, a margin of 13.15%.
The 2002 California State Controller election occurred on November 5, 2002.
The Labour Party polled disastrously in the election and were wiped out in what had been one of their former strongholds, losing all 6 seats.
Cooper claimed victory that night, with thousands of provisional ballots still yet to be counted, saying "We have won this race."
The result was a victory for the Labour Party, which won 70 of the 150 seats in the Storting.
The cartel won 41 seats which is the best result in Estonian parliamentary election so far.
The success of minor parties in the 2006 elections was not repeated, and the smaller parties were almost wiped out.
Montana voted for the Democratic nominee, President Harry Truman, over the Republican nominee, New York Governor Thomas E. Dewey.
The 1994 California State Treasurer election occurred on November 8, 1994.
North Carolina voters chose 15 electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote.
It was also the first time that a Green League candidate was on the runoff ballot.
Arizona voters chose 7 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President.
The Spanish Socialist Workers' Party recovered after its 1995 result and increased its absolute majority in the regional Courts.
Senator S. I. Hayakawa decided to retire after one term.
Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott said that, "Iraq was a cloud, or indeed a shadow, over these elections.
It was part of the wider 1994 European election.
Although the president Demetris Christofias was not term-limited, he did not seek re-election in 2013.
The Republican Turkish Party emerged as the largest in the Assembly of the Republic, winning 21 of the 50 seats.
Senator George J. Mitchell won re-election to a second full term.
Increasingly, however, the Tories and the country Whigs managed to wear down the government's resolve and win over dissident Whig MPs.
Blair, as a result, became Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, a position he held until his resignation on 27 June 2007.
The Free Soil Party, which was strongly abolitionist, lost five seats and was reduced to four Representatives, all in New England districts.
During this election, the Democratic-Republican Party was the only major national party, and four different candidates from this party sought the Presidency.
The 2008 Andalusian regional election was held on Sunday, 9 March 2008, to elect the 8th Parliament of the Autonomous Community of Andalusia.
The 2010 Illinois gubernatorial election took place on November 2, 2010.
New Jersey weighed in for this election as 1% more Republican than the national average.
The Liberal Democrats lost 78 seats and had 3,265 councillors after the elections.
The elections determined control of the Landtag of Schleswig-Holstein.
The Liberal Party led by Rene Hidding gained a small swing and finished with seven seats.
Marginal wins in both of the state's metropolitan areas helped the Vice President to capture the state.
Kekkonen was elected President with the narrowest possible majority, 151 votes to 149.
Speaker and Buck, however, did win reelection, and later formed the Representative Party of Alberta after being denied opposition status.
The New York City mayoral election of 1977 occurred on Tuesday, November 8, 1977.
All registered, due-paying KMT party members were eligible to vote.
This was the start of a significant decline in the Country Party's fortunes over the ensuing decades.
Those delegates returning to Congress withdrew, resigned, or were expelled.
This was the first election in Alberta that women had the right to vote and run.
Governor Daniels easily won reelection and defeated the Democratic candidate by over 17 points.
These elections coincided with the presidential election.
Federalist John Adams defeated Democratic-Republican Thomas Jefferson.
Cassidy became the first Republican to hold this seat since William P. Kellogg did so in 1883.
Murphy supported it while Tedisco eventually opposed it.
It was held on August 6, 1860, and resulted in a victory for the Democratic nominee, Claiborne Fox Jackson.
The Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador held municipal elections in its municipalities on September 27, 2005.
Democratic party nominee John Rosemond was defeated by incumbent Republican mayor Tom Moody.
In Portugal the election was held on 13 June.
27 delegates to the 2008 Republican National Convention were selected in the election.
Despite its heavily political backdrop, the election was marked most by the apathy shown to it by Ireland's electorate.
Sitting Green Party councillor Celia Wade-Brown defeated incumbent mayor Kerry Prendergast and four other candidates.
The Labour Party remained the largest party, winning 62 of the 155 seats in the Storting.
The 1831 general election in the United Kingdom saw a landslide win by supporters of electoral reform, which was the major election issue.
Senator Spark Matsunaga won re-election to a third term.
It also won the largest number of mayorships of any party in the history of Portugal.
The subsequent events led to a political crisis in Ukraine, with widespread peaceful protesters, dubbed the "Orange Revolution," calling for a re-run second round election.
The primaries were uneventful as Reagan was virtually assured of the nomination by virtue of his popularity within the party.
The United States presidential election of 1900 was the 29th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 6, 1900.
Primary elections were held on August 12, 2014.
He attacked Reagan as a dangerous right-wing extremist.
The primary elections were held on September 18, 2010.
Johnson ran with Senator Hubert H. Humphrey of Minnesota, while Goldwater's running mate was Congressman William E. Miller of New York.
Having voted Democratic in 2012 and 2008, the win margin was the second largest of the states Trump recovered.
All 50 states and the District of Columbia, were part of the 1988 United States presidential election.
Estonian Reform Party, Union of Pro Patria and Res Publica, Social Democratic Party and an independent candidate Indrek Tarand all won one seat each.
On the same day, a by-election took place in Meath.
On December 12, 1697, Conti returned to France.
Voters chose twelve representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Colchester Borough Council is made up of 60 councillors: 20 councillors were up for election.
The Mississippi Democratic Presidential Primary took place on March 11, 2008, with 33 delegates at stake.
The election took place in a political crisis known as the Second School War.
The United States presidential election of 1820 was the ninth quadrennial presidential election.
Dominated by agrarian culture, these Western territories offered strong support to Democratic-Republican congressional candidates.
Partial legislative elections were held in Belgium on 5 and 12 July 1896.
In terms of margin, Massachusetts was about eleven percent more Republican than the national average.
This was also the first time since 1936 where a Democratic presidential candidate who won a second term also had Senate coattails in both occasions.
Pennsylvania voted for the Republican nominee, James G. Blaine, over the Democratic nominee, Grover Cleveland.
The 1928 Montana gubernatorial election took place on November 6, 1928.
All three countries had received endorsements from their regional groupings.
Presidential elections were held in Chile on 4 September 1952.
The Republican nominee, Philander C. Knox defeated Democratic nominee Ellis C. Orvis.
The 2006 congressional election for the Delegate from the District of Columbia was held on November 7, 2006.
The government remained popular with the electorate, however, having helped to end the War of the Spanish Succession and agreeing on the Treaty of Utrecht.
However, a PC candidate finished second in Athabasca.
It saw the Liberals, led by William Ewart Gladstone, win the most seats, but not an overall majority.
On 7 May, the Assembly was dissolved and President Atifete Jahjaga confirmed the Election date as 8 June 2014.
The Local Government Act 1919 had seen elections for local government in Ireland change to a more proportional system.
The election was broken into stages after a July ruling by the Supreme Constitutional Court that judges must monitor all polling stations.
General elections were held in Liberia on 15 October 1985.
The Liberal Party – led by Lynda Haverstock – was able to attract a substantial share of disaffected Tory voters.
Pennsylvania was the home state of President Eisenhower as he moved to the Gettysburg area after World War II.
Regional elections in were held in France on 21 and 28 March 2004.
It is made more significant as she is the first female governor of the province, and the first non-Peronist governor since 1987.
On September 4, 2014, the Alberta PC Party became the longest-running provincial government in Canadian history.
Johnson ran with incumbent Vice President Hubert H. Humphrey of Minnesota, while Goldwater’s running mate was Congressman William E. Miller of New York.
The results were almost a complete reversal from 2000.
Seven other unpledged delegates, known as superdelegates, also attended the convention and cast their votes as well.
Weizsäcker won the election with 80% of the vote on the first ballot.
The Argentine general election of 1928 was held on 1 April, with a turnout of 80.9%.
Members were elected from single-member districts via instant-runoff voting, popularly known as ranked choice voting.
An election to Devon County Council took place on 7 May 2009 as part of the United Kingdom local elections, 2009.
However, due to the suspension coming only two days before the election, Visconti's name remained on the ballot.
No elections were held in Bournemouth or Poole, which are unitary authorities outside the area covered by the County Council.
The number of eligible voters was around 17.5 million.
Concurrent with the presidential election, Senate, House, and many gubernatorial and state and local elections were also held on November 8.
The election under the 1918 act was exempt from the general postponement.
The Kenya African National Union, which had ruled the country from independence until 2002 was reduced to being the fourth-largest party with only 15 seats.
The new legislature met for the first time on January 23, 1964.
The second Argentine general election of 1973 was held on 23 September.
Senator Jim Jeffords won re-election to a third term in office.
Voters chose 4 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Bush ran with Indiana Senator Dan Quayle as Vice President, and Dukakis ran with Texas Senator Lloyd Bentsen.
In one seat there was only one candidate.
The election is officially nonpartisan, with all candidates that ran together, regardless of party.
Upset about high unemployment and inaction by the federal government, voters were unwilling to allow the Liberal-Conservatives to continue to govern, despite their change of policy.
The 1913 election was called less than a year after the 1912 election.
The Republican People's Party also saw an increase in its popular vote share, receiving 26.0% and 135 MPs.
It was the first election that coincided with congressional midterm elections.
After the election, the composition of the council was
The 2004 United States Senate election in Washington was held on November 2, 2004.
As a result, only candidates of the National Union contested the election.
It is generally reckoned as the first truly free election in Russian history.
Hunt took office again on Christmas of 1917, after the court ruled unanimously in his favor.
In this case, it was Millard Fillmore who followed General Zachary Taylor.
Republicans won the three Democratic-held districts, giving California an all-Republican House delegation, which it would maintain until 1910.
Incumbent Democratic United States Senator Tom Harkin sought re-election to a fourth term in the United States Senate.
The 2006 Texas gubernatorial election was held on November 7, 2006 elect the Governor of Texas.
The voters elected for the elective local posts in the city: the mayor, vice mayor, and ten councilors.
While Tedisco had been ahead in early counts, by April 10 Murphy was leading, and by April 23 Murphy had a 401-vote advantage.
The election was the first for the recently formed Liberal government of Digby Denham, who had been premier since 7 February 1911.
The 2018 South Australian state election will elect members to the 54th Parliament of South Australia on 17 March 2018.
Following the late withdrawal of the Democratic Opposition, only eight opposition candidates ran against the ruling National Union.
Presidential elections were held in South Korea on 3 May 1967.
Former Reform Party leader Preston Manning lost in a leadership race to Stockwell Day who became leader of the new Canadian Alliance party.
A special election was needed due to the death of governor Earl Snell, who was killed in a plane crash on October 28, 1947.
The Republicans gained one seat at the expense of the Democrats.
The 2002 United States Senate election in Mississippi was held on November 5, 2002.
All locally registered electors who were aged 18 or over on Thursday 2 May 2013 were entitled to vote in the local elections.
The 1976 United States Senate election in Indiana took place on November 2, 1976.
The 1994 United States Senate election in Pennsylvania was held on November 8, 1994.
The Assembly is elected by the Additional Member System.
The 2006 United States Senate election in Maryland was held on Tuesday, November 7, 2006.
Alabama voters chose 9 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President.
Despite this, the Socialist Party led by Paul-Henri Spaak formed a minority government, which fell shortly after.
Incumbent Republican Governor of Mississippi Haley Barbour was unable to run for a third term due to term limits.
Those who won their primaries without another contending party in the same district are considered the effective winner of the seat outright.
The pro-constitution United GCBA of U Ba Pe emerged as the largest bloc in the House of Representatives, winning 46 seats.
This was the last election in Northern Ireland in which one party won a majority of the vote.
Parliamentary elections were held in North Korea on 12 December 1972.
The election was won by James W. Throckmorton, who received 80% of the vote.
Two candidates running as independents, Walwyn Brewley and former Chief Minister Cyril Romney, were elected.
The only Republican candidates that were still in the race were Senator John McCain and Congressman Ron Paul.
These elections resulted in the Democratic-Republicans picking up 22 seats from the Federalists.
This provided the CPI(M) with a fourth consecutive term as the Government of Tripura.
Democratic Congresswoman Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin's 2nd congressional district ran unopposed for her party's nomination.
All 48 States were part of the United States presidential election.
Those who were temporarily away from their ordinary address were also entitled to vote in the local elections.
The LCL did not contest ten seats, Labor did not contest thirteen seats.
The Connecticut gubernatorial election of 2002 included incumbent Governor John G. Rowland winning re-election easily.
General elections were held in Ceylon in 1970.
These 20 electoral votes were in dispute in four states.
Labour fell into third place behind the Scottish National Party and the Conservative Party.
The Tories came up short of this goal, and actually lost over five percentage points of the popular vote.
Backbencher and former Treasurer Paul Keating defeated Prime Minister Bob Hawke, who led Labor for eight and a half years.
Pennsylvania voted for the Democratic-Republican candidate, Thomas Jefferson, over the Federalist candidate, John Adams.
Chávez was elected for a fourth term as President of Venezuela with 55.07% of the popular vote, ahead of the 44.31% of Capriles.
The second-ballot voting system had been repealed in 1913, and first-past-the-post voting reinstated for the 1914 election.
In the elections, Democratic nominee J. James Exon won the open seat.
The 1991 election was notable on several counts.
The 1986 United States Senate election in Nevada was held on November 4, 1986.
Voter turnout was 95.0%, although this figure represents the turnout in the 25 constituencies to be contested, with PAP candidates earning walkovers in the other 41.
The primaries were held on May 10.
The Liberal government of Premier Robert Ghiz was elected to a second majority government, winning one seat less than they did in 2007.
The 1894 Minnesota gubernatorial election took place on November 6, 1894.
The Illinois gubernatorial election of 1848 was the ninth election for this office.
The 1988 United States presidential election in Arkansas took place on November 8, 1988.
In one seat there was only one candidate.
Both the Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party and the Scottish Liberal Democrats were wiped out losing their single Council seats.
Republican Bill Scranton and Democrat Richardson Dilworth, each a member of a powerful political family, faced off in a bitter campaign.
The Queen's University of Belfast seat was abolished and four new constituencies were created in the suburbs of Belfast to compensate for population growth there.
The outgoing anti-clerical "purple" government of the Socialist and Liberal Party, led by Achille Van Acker, reversed policies of the previous Catholic-led government regarding private schools.
Party-list representatives are elected via the nationwide vote with a 2% "soft" election threshold, with a 3-seat cap.
The Progressive Conservative Party finished second with nineteen seats.
Elections in two northern districts took place on 30 July 1913 to compensate for the remote location of the riding.
Voters chose 5 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
The election set a record for the lowest voter turnout in an Ontario provincial election; only 52.8% people who were eligible voted.
The Ontario Conservative Party, led by William Ralph Meredith, formed the official opposition.
The newly elected members of the 19th Dáil assembled at Leinster House on 2 July when the new Taoiseach and government were appointed.
Voters went to the polls to elect both a new President of the Republic and a new National Assembly, the lower-house of the Parliament.
The DNVP, which had backed Papen, gained 15 seats as a result.
Parliamentary elections were held in Norway in 1894.
Ten seats remained subject to possible recounts.
A general election to the Riksdag, the parliament of Sweden, was held on 19 September 2010.
The New Jersey gubernatorial election of 2013 took place on November 5, 2013, to elect the Governor of New Jersey.
Obama carried every county by more than 60 percent of the vote with the exception of Essex County, which he won with 56 percent.
There were 638,060 eligible votes cast in the elections.
Bettino Ricasoli resigned as Prime Minister of Italy on 10 April 1867, due to a recalcitrant Italian Chamber.
Bush ran with Indiana Senator Dan Quayle as Vice President, and Dukakis ran with Texas Senator Lloyd Bentsen.
The runoff took place on 29 October 2006, while the electoral campaign spanned 19 September–20 October.
Voters chose 5 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Voter turnout was reported to be 81.1%.
Outgoing speaker of the 24th Parliament, AKP member Cemil Çiçek, was ineligible to stand as he stood down as an MP at the general election.
The 1995 Madrilenian regional election was held on Sunday, 28 May 1995, to elect the 4th Assembly of the Autonomous Community of Madrid.
As of the primary election petition filing deadline on March 12, 2013, seven Democratic candidates and one Republican candidate, Joshua Wander, had filed to run.
The Independence Party remained the largest party in the Althing, winning 25 of the 63 seats.
Early state elections for the Landtag of Hesse were held in Hesse on 18 January 2009.
Although Richard Nixon won the presidential election narrowly, the Republicans picked up five net seats in the Senate.
Representatives from the state of Tennessee, one from each of the state's nine congressional districts.
Karamanlis denied all the allegations of Papandreou, although the opposition parties insisted in them.
On November 10, most major news sources projected Obama to be the winner of Florida's 29 electoral votes.
The 2010 Catalan regional election was held on Sunday, 28 November 2010, to elect the 9th Parliament of the Autonomous Community of Catalonia.
The elections held in the November and December 1701 produced substantial gains for the Whigs, who enthusiastically supported the war with France.
The partisan balance of the state's congressional delegation did not change.
This was the first Parliament chosen after the accession to the throne of King George III.
Democrat David Lawrence defeated Republican Art McGonigle by a smaller than anticipated margin.
Bush took 51.98% of the vote to Dukakis's 46.87%.
Nikki Haley, the Governor of South Carolina, announced the appointment of U.S. Representative Tim Scott to fill the seat.
General elections were held in Luxembourg on 13 June 2004, alongside European Parliament elections.
The 1996 United States presidential election in Michigan took place on November 5, 1996.
The 2014 California lieutenant gubernatorial election was held on November 4, 2014, to elect the Lieutenant Governor of California.
He also increased his support in Maricopa County, although it was again carried by the Republican candidate.
The Missouri gubernatorial election of 1944 was Missouri's thirty-sixth gubernatorial election.
It came at the end of the two-term presidency of Democratic-Republican James Madison.
The Italian People's Party, the renamed Christian Democrats, which had dominated Italian politics for almost half a century, was decimated.
Nonetheless Democrats nominated fugitive former Governor Henry Watkins Allen.
This was on the same day as other local elections.
The quota required for election was 12.5% in each division.
O'Hara's percentage of the vote was more than double Ross Perot's statewide total of 5.84% in the 1996 presidential election.
The new Andrews Ministry was sworn in on 4 December 2014.
The inability of Herbert Hoover to cope with the Great Depression was the main issue surrounding this election.
This election took place on November 5, 1996.
The date set for the by-election was 10 July 2004.
Suthers defeated Makepeace in the runoff to become Mayor.
Less than four years had passed since the Progressive Conservatives won their landslide victory in 1979.
The Labour Party narrowly held the seat following a recount.
The Indian National Congress party, led by K. Kamaraj, won the election.
Florida required all counties to finish counting by noon Saturday, but would not announce an official winner until the votes were certified on November 20.
Republican Ben Sasse defeated Democrat David Domina to succeed him.
Despite the vituperation between their respective camps, neither Adams nor Jefferson actively campaigned for the presidency.
Federal elections were held in Australia on 22 November 1958.
The opposition Pakatan Rakyat made gains, but fell short of its goal to deny a two-thirds majority for BN.
As a result of the nomination of a pro-lottery candidate, a group of anti-lottery Democrats nominated their own candidate, State Senator Murphy J.
The Ontario general election, 1905 was the 11th general election held in the Province of Ontario, Canada.
The election was called due to repeated attempts to oust the government of Marcus Stephen in votes of no-confidence.
Presidential elections were held in Chile on 25 October 1938.
Incumbent Democratic Party Mayor Dan Clodfelter has been in office since April 2014.
Furthermore, the conservative Roman Catholic nobility banned Protestants from all public offices.
A by-election for the City of Greater Geelong Mayor occurred on 24 November 2013.
In fact, in that election, the Partit Nazzjonalista managed an absolute majority of votes, but it managed only 31 seats to the Labour Party's 34.
The proclamation dissolving the House of Representatives and formally beginning the election period, had been issued by the Governor-General, Quentin Bryce, on 5 August 2013.
The Māori vote was held on 8 September.
Democrat Alex Padilla and Republican Pete Peterson finished first and second, respectively, and contested the general election, which Padilla won.
The Republican Party did not hold a preference poll because the party decided to cancel it in August 2015.
Voters chose 13 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
As a result, Andreas Papandreou, PASOK's leader, became a prominent figure in Greek politics.
The 2012 United States House of Representatives election in Delaware took place on Tuesday, November 6, 2012.
This left Milanović 9 seats short of a majority, while Karamarko needed 17 seats.
The special election was called after incumbent representative Antonio M. Diaz died on August 3, 2011.
Despite the scale of Humphrey’s statewide landslide, he did not sweep every county in Massachusetts.
However Eisenhower's unique personal appeal brought the state decisively back into the Republican column in both 1952 and 1956,
Director George H. W. Bush of Texas, and Mondale ran with Representative Geraldine Ferraro of New York, the first major female candidate for the Vice-Presidency.
As of 2017, it remains the third largest majority government in Canadian history.
High levels of support for the conflict in agrarian regions resulted in the Democratic-Republicans taking many newly created rural districts.
The Freedom and Justice Party emerged as the largest party in the Council, winning 105 of the 180 elected seats.
Clinton ran a second time with former Tennessee Senator Al Gore as Vice President, and Dole ran with former New York Congressman Jack Kemp.
The 2010 Florida gubernatorial election took place on November 2, 2010 to determine the Governor for the State of Florida.
This record was held until the 2016 presidential election in California, when Hillary Clinton won 8.75 million votes in the state.
The Irish general election of 1943 was held on 23 June 1943.
The election was also the first French European election to be won by the Socialist Party.
Donald Trump won the election in North Dakota with 62.9% of the vote.
Elections were held in the state of Western Australia on 7 April 1956 to elect all 50 members to the Legislative Assembly.
Florida's 19th congressional district was a liberal-leaning district based in South Florida, stretching from Greenacres to Margate in Broward County and Palm Beach County.
The Elections for the House of Representatives of the Philippines were held on May 8, 1995.
The 2016 Puerto Rico gubernatorial election was held on November 8, 2016, to elect the Governor of Puerto Rico.
Parliament concurrently elected Abdihakim Abdullahi Haji Omar as Puntland's new Vice President in place of Abdisamad Ali Shire.
Councillors Tim Price of District 2 and Gary Ikeman of District 5 will not be seeking another term on council.
Viktor Yushchenko was declared the winner with 52 percent of the vote to Yanukovych's 44 percent.
The 1856 United States presidential election in Pennsylvania took place on November 4, 1856, as part of the 1856 United States presidential election.
As the results became clear the MDC denounced what it called "the sham elections," which it said had been marked by massive electoral fraud.
Senator Edward Martin did not seek re-election.
Ultimately, Dixon defeated Wheeler by a wide margin to win his first and only term as governor.
Harrison won Montana by a margin of 2.65 percent.
This enabled cabinet minister Malcolm MacDonald to return to Parliament.
In June 1703, Augustus II convened the Extraordinary Sejm in Lublin, where he faced widespread criticism.
The 2012 Andalusian regional election was held on Sunday, 25 March 2012, to elect the 9th Parliament of the Autonomous Community of Andalusia.
The issue became moot when all three candidates declined to request contact details.
This is a sharp change from the 1988 presidential election in which Bush won a majority in 40 states.
Reagan ran for a second time with former C.I.A.
Turnout was very high, passing 90% of the eligible voters in many places.
Registered members of each party may only vote in their party's primary, while voters who are unaffiliated may choose any one primary in which to vote.
According to the law, primaries are voluntary, but its results are binding.
At 12:04 AM on November 5, the Bangor Daily News declared that Paul LePage had won re-election to a second term.
A general elections was held in San Marino on 23 June 1912 to elect the third term of the Grand and General Council.
The 1988 United States presidential election in Oregon took place on November 8, 1988 as part of the 1988 United States presidential election.
Senator Paul Laxalt decided to retire instead of seeking a third term.
The 1934 United States Senate election in Pennsylvania was held on November 6, 1934.
All 135 seats in the Parliament were up for election.
The 42nd Quebec general election is tentatively scheduled for October 1, 2018 to elect members to the National Assembly of Quebec.
Other major political parties contesting in the election were the Workers' Party, Singapore Democratic Party, National Solidarity Party, Singapore People's Party and the Democratic Progressive Party.
Prior to 1972, Massachusetts had been a Democratic-leaning state since 1928, and a Democratic stronghold since 1960.
Despite being the home state of Congressman John B. Anderson, he only won 7.3% of the popular vote, 346,754 votes, and failed to carry any counties.
Elections were held in the Australian state of Queensland on 2 December 1989 to elect the 89 members of the state's Legislative Assembly.
The States' Rights Party, a pro-slavery states' rights party, gained ground in Georgia and Mississippi.
This increased the Republicans' already overwhelming majority to the largest amount of seats ever controlled by the party.
It did not work; they had their seat count cut in half.
Voters chose 4 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Representatives from the state of Virginia, one from each of the state's 11 congressional districts.
Parliamentary elections were held in Andorra on 26 April 2009, the fourth under the 1993 Constitution.
Meighen was outraged by King's move, and demanded that King resign from the Prime Minister's office.
Governor Sandoval Cardoso ran for his first full term after becoming governor in 2014, but lost to former Governor Marcelo Miranda in the first round.
The primary elections took place on June 6, 2006.
Six "unity" candidates also ran with backing from more than one of the other established political parties.
The bill was withdrawn and significantly altered, however, and was eventually re-introduced as "Bill 101", also known as the Charter of the French Language.
The Republican Party grants registered voters the right to vote.
Incumbent Mayor Steve Bach, a Republican in office since 2011, has announced that he will not seek a second term in office.
The six parties announced their ministers designate between 17–20 June.
The 1986 Minnesota gubernatorial election took place on November 4, 1986.
The Social Democratic Party remained the largest in the Folketing, with 57 of the 150 seats.
The Babil governorate election of 2009 was held on 31 January 2009 alongside elections for all other governorates outside Iraqi Kurdistan and Kirkuk.
New Hampshire voted for the National Republican candidate, John Quincy Adams, over the Democratic candidate, Andrew Jackson.
Trimble proved to be somewhat of a spoiler candidate, leaving Chase to win with only a plurality of the votes.
The party continued their hold of the House of Representatives retaining their number of seats from the previous election, and the majority.
The Borders Party are also supporting this administration.
The Missouri gubernatorial election of 1836 was Missouri's sixth gubernatorial election.
The 1996 United States Senate election in Kansas was held November 5, 1996.
The 1968 Texas gubernatorial election was held on November 5, 1968 to elect the Governor of Texas.
Several parties narrowly missed the 5% threshold.
Johnson had succeeded Robert Bourassa as Liberal leader and Premier.
Once polls closed on election day, Dudley had led in early vote counts, but Kitzhaber's wide margins in Multnomah and Lane counties eventually erased Dudley's lead.
The major contenders were incumbent Democratic President Bill Clinton and Republican Senator from Kansas Bob Dole, with Reform Party candidate Ross Perot running a distant third.
This report was not released publicly for 12 years, after a lengthy legal battle by the Mail & Guardian.
The 1962 Oregon United States Senate election was held on November 8, 1962 to select the U.S.
In the presidential primaries, Puerto Rico voters expressed their preferences for the Democratic and Republican parties' respective nominees for President.
The pro-democrats controlled about half of the seats in the legislature and supported moderate Andrew Wong to become President of the Legislative Council.
Third party and independents made up over 1% of the vote, led by Ralph Nader.
The NDP formed Government for the first time in Alberta history, ousting the PCs, who were reduced to third place in seats.
The 1998 Washington, D.C. mayoral election occurred on Tuesday, November 3, 1998, with Democratic candidate Anthony A. Williams defeating Republican Carol Schwartz.
The Liberals did not have a party leader in the election.
The Republicans won 16 seats from Democrats, while three Republican-held seats turned Democratic.
General elections were held in Denmark on 15 November 1960.
As a second-level, indirect election, only Members of Parliament and regional deputies were entitled to vote.
The Election for the 2nd Legislative Yuan were held in Taiwan on 19 December 1992.
Assembly elections was held in Maharashtra, India on October 13, 2004.
The November general election in Alaska was preceded by primary elections which were held on August 24, 2010.
The 2000 West Virginia gubernatorial election took place on November 7, 2000 for the post of Governor of West Virginia.
State elections also took place in 293 state constituencies in 11 states of Malaysia on the same day.
All 350 seats in the Congress of Deputies were up for election, as well as 208 of 257 seats in the Senate.
The last election before Fiji's 2014 election was held on 6–13 May 2006.
An election to Galway County Council took place on 10 June 1999 as part of that year's Irish local elections.
The 1960 United States presidential election in Alaska took place on November 8, 1960, as part of the 1960 United States presidential election.
General elections were held in Sierra Leone on 17 November 2012.
However, the UAP and their South Australian Emergency Committee counterparts unexpectedly won majority government in their own right.
On 11 June 2017, former Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, described May as a "dead woman walking".
The result was a victory for Carlos Ibáñez del Campo, who ran as an independent.
Incumbent Republican Governor Tom Corbett ran for re-election to a second term but was defeated by the Democratic nominee, Tom Wolf.
Curtis defeated Reed, beginning a twenty-year period of Republican isolation from the Blaine House.
Unlike the previous rules which had favoured Conservatives and Catholics, this benefitted the Liberal Party and damaged the Catholics, who lost more than half their seats.
Eisenhower carried the state with 59.32 percent of the vote to Stevenson’s 40.37 percent, a Republican victory margin of 18.95 percent.
The non-partisan primary was held Tuesday, March 7, 2008.
The result was a victory for the newly established People's Democratic Movement, which won seven of the nine elected seats in the Legislative Assembly.
The election attracted national attention due to the amount of money spent by Chevron both for and against various candidates.
In 1975 the KGB imprisoned him for two years for anti-Soviet activities.
The Indian general election, 2014 polls in Karnataka for 28 Lok Sabha seats was held in a single phase on 17 April 2014.
Jones and Republican Ted Gaines finished first and second, respectively, and contested the general election, which Jones won.
Presidential and parliamentary elections were held in Sierra Leone on 11 August 2007.
About three-quarters of the candidates were nominated by parties currently represented in Parliament.
General elections were held in Sweden on 20 September 1964.
The election was held on the same date as elections in every other municipality in Ontario.
Voters chose 36 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
The vote took place alongside the United Kingdom Alternative Vote referendum, 2011.
All elections in Louisiana—with the exception of U.S. presidential elections—follow a variation of the open primary system called the jungle primary.
A total of 466 parliamentary seats were contested, compared with the 588 parliamentarians elected in 2012.
These elections form part of the 2013 United States elections.
It followed the formation of the party and merging of the United Labour Party and Social Democratic Party into one united caucus three years prior.
Only the ruling Liberal Party can win a majority, as it is the only party to put up candidates in a majority of seats.
The electoral divisions were the same as those used at the previous election in 2009.
The party fractured after the 1824 presidential election between those who supported the new president, John Quincy Adams, and those who supported Andrew Jackson.
He defeated Benita Ferrero-Waldner, foreign minister in the ruling conservative coalition led by the Austrian People's Party.
This was the first time that Arizona and New Mexico took part in a presidential election having been admitted to the Union earlier in the year.
The election saw the Irish Parliamentary Party secure their place as the dominant party in Irish politics, winning the vast majority of available seats.
The 1920 United States presidential election in Virginia took place on November 2, 1920 throughout the 48 contiguous states.
It renewed the leadership structures of the UMP following Nicolas Sarkozy's defeat in the 2012 presidential election and the party's defeat in the subsequent legislative election.
Incumbent Republican Governor Rick Snyder ran for re-election to a second term in office.
Like most Southern states between the Reconstruction Era and the Civil Rights Movement, Louisiana's Republican Party was virtually nonexistent in terms of electoral support.
Parliamentary elections were held in Bulgaria on June 25, 2005, for the 240 members of the National Assembly.
The Electoral Act 2011 stipulates that a by-election in Ireland must be held within six months of a vacancy occurring.
His voters were less likely to bring up his leadership record.
Thomas O'Neill was re-elected as chairman by a vote of 11-7, his major opponent was Carol A Trumpe.
Mississippi has not voted Democratic since 1976.
The elections were conducted to elect the government in the state of Andhra Pradesh for the following five years.
The 1976 United States Senate election in Texas was held on November 2, 1976.
The British Columbia general election of 1966 was the 28th general election in the Province of British Columbia, Canada.
It was won with 61% of the votes by Pier Luigi Bersani, who defeated Matteo Renzi in the run-off.
The 1956 United States presidential election in Virginia took place on November 6, 1956 throughout the 48 contiguous states.
The winner in each of Alabama's seven congressional districts was awarded all of that district's delegates, totaling 34.
Incumbent President Paul Kagame of the Rwandan Patriotic Front was re-elected for a second term.
Seats were split among eight political parties.
This also marked the fourth consecutive election in which the Republican candidate carried every county in the state.
Provincial elections were held in British India in the winter of 1936-37 as mandated by the Government of India Act 1935.
It was held on October 30, 1929, to elect the 112 Members of the 18th Legislative Assembly of Ontario.
Here is the list of candidates of all the major parties.
Over three hundred candidates, of which nine women, stood for election, representing twenty-five political parties and approximately eighty independents.
The NT Nationals lost both seats of Barkly and Flynn.
Dom Mintoff said that he would not be ready to govern in such conditions and hinted that he would call for fresh elections within six months.
The Cook Islands Party retained its majority, winning 13 seats, while the Democratic Party won eight and the new One Cook Islands Movement won two.
Voters chose 8 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
The Commonwealth was left without a monarch, and the period of interregnum ended with a double election.
His strongest victory was in rural Coös County in the far north of the state, which Johnson won with 71.1% of the vote.
Overall, the Republicans suffered a net loss of one seat while the Democrats made a net gain of three.
Incumbent Democratic U.S Senator Wendell Ford decided to retire, instead of seeking a fifth term.
Bush who took 31.85%, a victory margin of 11.63%.
The election was triggered by the resignation of chairman Ma Ying-jeou after he was indicted for allegedly misusing funds while Mayor of Taipei.
Elections to Newham London Borough Council in London, England were held on 4 May 2006.
He was sworn in as President on 28 July.
The Uttarakhand Legislative Assembly election, 2007 were the second Vidhan Sabha election of the state.
His Vice-Prime Ministers were Georges Bidault, Guy Mollet and René Pleven.
Simultaneously with the partial general elections to elect a representative for the arrondissement of Liège
The 2006 Victorian state election, held on Saturday, 25 November 2006, was for the 56th Parliament of Victoria.
The election was held simultaneously with regional elections in 12 other autonomous communities and local elections all throughout Spain.
Businessman Ross Perot finished in third with 23.96% of the popular vote.
Only 9 of the 384 winning candidates were women.
The newly elected 144 members of the 20th Dáil assembled at Leinster House on 4 March when the new Taoiseach and government were appointed.
The 2008 Arkansas Republican primary took place on February 5, 2008, with 31 national delegates.
At 11:00am on January 7, 1953, Cross' official elected term of office began.
The total voter strength of Assam is 18,723,032.
The 2014 referendum had seen a 55 per cent vote in favour of keeping Scotland in the United Kingdom.
Gingrich would face Flynt in another close race in 1976, but come short again.
Oregon was won by incumbent United States President Ronald Reagan of California, who was running against former Vice President Walter Mondale of Minnesota.
The Shiv Sena contested on 22 seats in the state and the BJP over 25 seats .
A general election was held between Thursday, 22 April and Monday, 26 April 1982 for members of the 6th Parliament of Malaysia.
Under the alternating system, elections were held in only five out of the nine provinces: Antwerp, Brabant, Luxembourg, Namur and West Flanders.
With this election, Putin secured a record third term in the Kremlin.
Incumbent North Dakota Democratic NPL Party U.S.
Carr went on to become the longest continuously-serving premier in the state's history, stepping down in 2005.
United States gubernatorial elections were held on November 8, 2016 in 12 states and two territories.
48 councillors were elected from ten electoral divisions by PR-STV voting for a five-year term of office.
Elections were held in the state of New South Wales, Australia, on Saturday 24 March 1984.
The United States Senate election of 1930 in Massachusetts was held on November 4, 1930 with Democrat Marcus A. Coolidge defeating his challengers.
The largest number of new seats were created to accommodate the rapid settlement of Western territories.
Also, continued uneasiness about the Korean War was an important factor.
The 2011 Yau Tsim Mong District Council election was held on 6 November 2011 to elect all 17 elected members to the 20-member District Council.
It was the most successful election for the Liberal Party in its history, in which it captured 73% of the seats in the House of Commons.
But, from the start of February, Chirac benefited from the internal divisions in the UDF, and took the lead among the right-wing candidates.
1896 was the year the limit of £200 was placed on each candidate's campaign spending.
The Islamist parties of the Green Algeria Alliance lost seats.
Elections in the Regional Municipality of York of Ontario, Canada were held on 25 October 2010 in conjunction with municipal elections across the province.
In addition, he performed nine points better here than in 2000, indicating the state is trending Republican.
947-948; Tuomo Polvinen, J.K. Paasikivi - A Statesman's Life Work / Valtiomiehen elämäntyö 1948-1956, volume 5.
General elections were held in Belgium on 8 November 1981.
Small won the Republican and Democratic primaries, respectively, unopposed, and faced each other in the general election.
The Danish Social Liberal Party made the biggest gains of any party, although it remains outside the governing group of parties.
His candidacy was approved by 93.8%, with voter turnout reported to be 79.2%.
On 9 October of that year, elections were held for the Mayor of Christchurch plus other local government roles.
Pennsylvania voted for the Republican nominee, Benjamin Harrison, over the Democratic nominee, incumbent President Grover Cleveland.
The agreement collapsed, however, following a scandal, and Mackenzie King approached the Governor-General, Baron Byng of Vimy, to seek dissolution of the Parliament.
Human rights groups said this was the "most fraudulent poll ever" in Egypt's history.
All 54 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election.
Sanitary Board was set up in 1883 to supervise and control the practical sanitation of the colony.
The 1982 United States Senate election in California took place on November 2, 1982.
For a timeline of events that followed the runoff, see Post-election developments in Ukraine, 2004.
Texas voted for the Southern Democratic nominee John C. Breckinridge, who received 75% of the vote.
The 1991 Valencian regional election was held on Sunday, 26 May 1991, to elect the 3rd Corts of the Valencian Community.
Lalubhai Patel of Bharatiya Janata Party won the seat.
The governor and vice governor are elected via first past the post system; they are elected separately and may come from different parties.
The Scottish National Party also increased their representation and remained in second place on the authority with 4 net gains.
A Survation poll of 1,036 adults online for the Mail on Sunday had 49% of people wanting her resignation, with 38% against.
Bush went on to win the election nationwide.
The elections coincided with the presidential election.
Yōichi Masuzoe was declared the winner in exit polling, with a substantial lead over the fifteen other candidates.
On 13 June 1999 the fifth direct elections to the European Parliament were held in the France.
In 2003, by-election in Sathankulam was held on February 26, 2003.
11-22; Sakari Virkkunen, Finland's Presidents II / Suomen presidentit II.
The result was a victory for Venstre, which won 51 of the 149 seats.
The Democratic Party sustained its political momentum by securing 24.9% of the votes as compared to 22.8% in 1994.
However, in 2000 Al Gore carried the state with just 48% of the vote, by a margin of just 2.5%.
Republican Party of Minnesota candidate Arne Carlson defeated Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party challenger John Marty.
State elections were held in South Australia on 6 April 1918.
Reagan and Bush defeated the Democratic nominees, former Vice President Walter Mondale of Minnesota and his running mate Congresswoman Geraldine Ferraro of New York.
A primary election was held on September 14, 1982.
The Sammarinese Christian Democratic Party remained the largest party, winning 21 of the 60 seats in the Grand and General Council.
The Indian National Congress emerged as a second-largest party in the election.
Votes were bought and sold in an open market with prices fluctuating constantly and fraud and abuse was widespread.
A President of the Republic to serve a four-year term starting 11 March 2014.
The 2010 Barking and Dagenham Council election took place on 6 May 2010 to elect members of Barking and Dagenham London Borough Council in London, England.
The election resulted in the election of Democrat Newton C. Blanchard as governor of Louisiana.
These were the first presidential and parliamentary elections in which all eligible voters were automatically enrolled, and where voting was no longer mandatory.
Virginia was the only state of the eleven former states that belonged to the Confederate States of America to vote Democratic in this election.
FDR's close 1.35% margin of victory in New Jersey made the state about 6% more Republican than the national average.
It took place on 2 May 1998, and was precipitated by the resignation from parliament of sitting MP Jim Bolger.
Out of the 21 county prefects 9 were elected in the first round.
The incumbent Australian Labor Party minority government, headed by Michael Field hoped to secure a majority and second term.
UPA consisted of the Indian National Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party whereas the NDA consisted of the Bharatiya Janata Party and the Shiv Sena.
Voters chose 26 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
However, they did pick up several councils, notably Caerphilly and Rhondda Cynon Taff from Plaid Cymru in Wales.
One for Latin America and the Caribbean
Parliamentary elections were held in Poland on 16 April 1961.
It thus presaged the federal Nationalists' equally comprehensive victory in the federal election two months later.
Constitutionally, an election must be held within 30 days after a Dáil dissolution.
The 2014 United States House of Representatives elections in Illinois were held on Tuesday, November 4, 2014 to elect the 18 U.S.
Ford took 48.91% of the vote to Carters 48.07%, a victory margin of .84%.
By 1912, as many as 29 states elected senators either as nominees of their party's primary or in conjunction with a general election.
The second round of elections went ahead with Mugabe as the only actively participating candidate, although Tsvangirai's name remained on the ballot.
In the first stage between 1 and 3 March, seats in the Senate were elected.
The 2010 Colchester Borough Council election took place on 6 May 2010 to elect members of Colchester Borough Council in Essex, England.
The by-election took place on 1 April 2012 and the Chadema candidate won by 54.92%.
The non-voting delegate to the United States House of Representatives from the District of Columbia is elected for two-year terms.
General elections were held in Cuba on 1 November 1920.
The Indian general election, 2009 in Haryana, occurred for 10 seats in the state.
Incumbent President Ahmed Mohamed Silanyo will not be running for a second term.
Federal elections were held in Australia on Saturday 9th December 1961.
The number of members were increased from this election from 30 to 35.
These are the results of the United Kingdom general election, 2005 in the city of Edinburgh in Scotland.
An election to the House of Representatives for the Third Congress was held for Delaware's single seat on October 2, 1792.
The city occupies 32nd place of highest gross earnings in the world.
Of the 689 deputies, workers accounted for 37 percent, farmers 10.4 percent, and women 20.1 percent.
Florent De Bleeckere was elected to succeed him.
The coalition government that was subsequently formed was the first coalition in British history to eventuate directly from an election outcome.
All seats of both Houses were up for re-election.
Ohio was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama with a 4.6% margin of victory.
General elections were held in newly independent Bangladesh on 7 March 1973.
After the Liberals won a narrow majority, the House of Lords gave way and the budget was passed.
Lautenberg won the seat with a margin of 3.19% over U.S. Representative Millicent Fenwick.
Six years later, Nixon was elected President of the United States.
12 new seats had been created in the legislature for this election.
Incumbent Republican Deane C. Davis ran successfully for re-election to a second term as Governor of Vermont, defeating Democratic candidate Leo O'Brien, Jr.
But the Republican party still netted a loss of one governorship.
The caucuses chose delegates to Hawaii's Republican State Convention in May 2008, which overwhelmingly lent its support to presidential candidate John McCain.
The Swedish Social Democratic Party remained the largest party, winning 104 of the 230 seats in the Second Chamber of the Riksdag.
A writ for a by-election was moved in the House of Commons on 16 May 2011, and the vote took place on 9 June 2011.
Republican Kevin Cramer won the open seat.
General Sarath Fonseka, a former commander of the Sri Lankan Army, was his main opponent in the election.
The primary elections were held on June 10, 2014.
Democratic nominee Tim Wirth won the open seat.
The British Labour Party leadership election of 1955 was held following the resignation of Clement Attlee.
Voters chose 12 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Another 25 delegates were awarded to the statewide winner, Barack Obama.
Party primaries were held on September 14, though all four candidates ran unopposed in their respective primaries.
The incumbent Labor Party, which had been in power continuously since 1934, was led by Eric Reece, who had been premier of Tasmania since 1958.
The Old Dominion had been a traditionally Democratic-leaning state from the party's founding until 1952.
It is one of two general elections in Swedish history where a single party received more than half of the vote.
Farmer–Labor Party candidate Elmer Austin Benson defeated Republican Party of Minnesota challenger Martin A. Nelson.
The 1972 United States presidential election in Kansas took place on November 7, 1972.
The 1996 United States presidential election in New Mexico took place on November 5, 1996.
He did very well in the western part of the state, getting over 5% of the vote in most of the counties in the region.
The newly elected members of the 18th Dáil assembled at Leinster House on 21 April when the new Taoiseach and government were appointed.
In the second round, the most heavily taxed voted again to elect the remaining two-fifths of deputies.
Bill de Blasio, the incumbent mayor, is eligible to run for a second term.
Montana overwhelmingly voted for the Republican nominee, President Theodore Roosevelt, over the Democratic nominee, former Chief Judge of New York Court of Appeals Alton B. Parker.
The election took place as the Great Depression entered its eighth year.
Each of these two voting blocs was weighted equally in determining the winner.
The Green Party, which had not declared support for either bloc, received its first ever member of parliament with a single seat from Oslo.
All 50 states and the District of Columbia, were part of the 1984 United States presidential election.
Incumbent President José Mujica was ineligible to run owing to a constitutional limit on serving consecutive terms.
Members were elected using the multiple non-transferable vote in fifteen constituencies, with an average district magnitude of thirteen.
The list is sorted by the name of the MP, and MPs who did not serve throughout the Parliament are italicised.
Nominations for both the Leadership and Deputy Leadership closed on 31 July 2008, following which, ballot papers were distributed.
Government cuts in spending, were able to help Tasmania reach its debt servicing commitments, but were a source of discontent in the community.
Virginia voted for the Democratic candidate, former U.S. Representative William J. Bryan over the Republican candidate, former Secretary of War William Howard Taft.
This was the first election for the Michigan Senate contested under the constituency boundaries drawn in consequence of the 2010 U.S. Census.
48.8% of the French population turned out on election day.
The depression struck Tasmania hard, with unemployment nearly 30%, and unions being impotent.
Reagan took 44.37% of the vote to incumbent Democratic President Jimmy Carter’s 38.41%, a victory margin of 5.96%.
Hughes succeeded him as UAP leader, which would have normally positioned him to become Prime Minister for a second time.
The incumbent Horst Köhler stood for reelection and faced Gesine Schwan.
It was part of the wider 2004 European election.
Constituent Assembly elections were held in Bahrain on 1 December 1972.
The 33 delegates represented Mississippi at the Democratic National Convention in Denver, Colorado.
Duan Qirui initiated elections for a new assembly to consolidate his power.
Elections were held in the state of Western Australia on 3 October 1911 to elect 50 members to the Western Australian Legislative Assembly.
At stake were the presidencies of each of France's 26 régions, which, though they don't have legislative autonomy, manage sizeable budgets.
The 2016 United States House of Representatives elections in Nebraska were held on November 8, 2016, to elect the three U.S.
Voter turnout was 84.5% in Denmark proper, 73.0% in the Faroe Islands and 59.4% in Greenland.
Voters elected a member of the United States House of Representatives to represent Delaware's At-large congressional district, encompassing the entire state of Delaware.
Under the transitory provisions of the Constitution, 24 senators were elected in this election.
Nonpartisan or Undeclared may vote this ballot and the ballot measures only the ballot—any registered voter may vote this ballot
The Progressive Conservative Party lost its single seat in the legislature, and would not win a seat again until the 1972 election.
Elections for the nine provincial councils were also held.
Abbott was projected to carry the election, and ultimately won handily with a 20 percentage point advantage.
Nonetheless, the Federalists were unable to secure anywhere near enough seats to secure a majority in the House of Representatives.
In the Indian general election, 2009 for Madhya Pradesh polls were held for 29 seats in the state.
The election was called on April 30, 1996, and held on May 28, 1996.
Republican candidate Josiah Grout defeated Democratic candidate J. Henry Jackson to succeed him.
A number of Members of Parliament, mostly Quebecers, stayed loyal to Sir Wilfrid Laurier, however, and they maintained their independence.
The by-election was won by Cyril Harker, also of the National Party.
The Socialist Party won the largest number of municipal chambers in its history surpassing its previous best result in 2009.
There are fourteen directly elected constituencies, nine of which were won by the Conservatives and five by the Labour Party.
The New Jersey gubernatorial election of 1916 was a race for Governor of New Jersey held on November 7, 1916.
The congress was organized after the UMP's first president, Alain Juppé, was forced to resign from the party's presidency following his conviction in a corruption scandal.
The 1855 Ohio gubernatorial election was held on October 9, 1855.
It was not until mid June that Dalziel confirmed her candidacy.
Folketing elections were held in Denmark on 28 October 1947, except in the Faroe Islands where they were held on 18 February 1948.
The 1982 Victorian state election, held on Saturday, 3 April 1982, was for the 49th Parliament of Victoria.
During the election cycle, the nation was entering its second year of the Great Depression.
Billionaire businessman Ross Perot finished in third with 8.67% of the popular vote.
All 50 states and the District of Columbia, were part of the 1976 United States presidential election.
Despite this, the SDLP stood Alasdair McDonnell, a former member of Belfast City Council, hoping to increase their vote.
That night, candidate John McCain secured enough delegate votes to win the Republican nomination for the 2008 U.S. Presidential election.
The presidential elections were won by Pascual Ortiz Rubio, who received 93.6% of the vote.
Advance polls were open October 5, 6, 7, 8 and 12, 13, 16 and 17.
The election was held simultaneously with regional elections in 12 other autonomous communities and local elections all throughout Spain.
New York weighed in for this election as less than 1% more Democratic than the national average.
The far-left Juntos Podemos Más pact selected former Socialist Party member Jorge Arrate as its candidate.
The incumbent, Julie Hardaker, ran against seven other candidates and was re-elected with 43.6% of the vote, a 2,911-vote majority over Ewan Wilson who won 35.5%.
A coalition agreement between the PP and UV was able to force the PSOE out from the Valencian Government after 12 years of Socialist rule.
Despite being held by Democrats since 1852, the election for this seat became tightly contested between Cleland and Millner.
Zatlers and incumbent Prime Minister Valdis Dombrovskis soon agreed to form a coalition.
Rudd announced his intention to seek the leadership at a press conference on 24 February.
By 4 April 2014, numerous municipalities changed mayors following recounts.
Voting took place in all 192 parliamentary constituencies of Malaysia, each electing one Member of Parliament to the Dewan Rakyat, the dominant house of Parliament.
The assembly elections where held simultaneously with the general elections in the state.
The Kremlin insisted that the vote was fair and said it demonstrated Russia's political stability.
Roosevelt ran with Speaker of the House John Nance Garner of Texas, and Hoover ran with incumbent Vice President Charles Curtis of Kansas.
The only congressional district Gore won was the second district, which represents the very urban area of New Orleans.
The 1996 Delaware gubernatorial election was held on November 5, 1996, to elect the Governor of the state of Delaware.
The 1865 British general election in Ireland was the first election contested by the new Liberal party.
However Smith's performance in New York was still impressive in the context of the 1920s, and highly significant in shaping the state's political development.
The final list was announced on 29 January.
Bush carried the state with 54% of the vote and with a double digit margin of victory.
However, write-in candidate Jeffrey E. Brown was also in the field.
It was held on May 23, 1967 to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta.
General elections were held in Sweden on 18 September 1988.
The House of Councillors is elected by halves to six year terms.
The turnout for the popular vote was 63.8%.
Ford and Dole defeated the Democratic nominees, Governor Jimmy Carter of Georgia and his running mate Senator Walter Mondale of Minnesota.
There was localized election-related fighting in southeastern Turkey, in which five people were reported to have been killed and about a hundred injured.
Trump became the first Republican candidate since Calvin Coolidge in 1924 to win the White House without carrying Virginia.
Businessman Ross Perot finished in third with 20.98% of the popular vote.
The 1993 Spanish general election was held on Sunday, 6 June 1993, to elect the 5th Cortes Generales of the Kingdom of Spain.
20 councillors were elected from three electoral divisions by PR-STV voting for a five-year term of office, a reduction of 3 seats compared to 2009.
Bush ran with Indiana Senator Dan Quayle as Vice President, and Dukakis ran with Texas Senator Lloyd Bentsen.
By a proclamation dated 5 November 1800, the members of the new united Parliament were summoned to a first meeting at Westminster on 22 January 1801.
Voters chose 20 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
The Indian general election of 2014 were held to constitute the 16th Lok Sabha in India.
The 1998 New Hampshire gubernatorial election took place on November 3, 1998.
The run-off between Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko and opposition leader Viktor Yanukovych followed on February 7, 2010.
On March 26, it was announced that it would be held April 23, 2012.
In Wales, the dominant position of Labour was overturned.
The European Parliament election of 2009 in Germany was the German part of the European Parliament election, 2009.
A total of 442 National Deputies were elected – short of the 450 seat total, due to low voter turnout.
The 1988 United States Senate election in Indiana was held on November 8, 1988.
Twenty-three parties and coalitions ran for 110 seats in the Assembly, with 5% election threshold required to win seats.
The remaining 4 seats were won by Indian National Congress.
The Oregon gubernatorial election of 1978 took place on November 2, 1978.
However, the New Deal policies he had already enacted, such as Social Security and unemployment benefits, had proven to be highly popular with most Americans.
He was formally nominated by the 2012 Democratic National Convention on September 5, 2012, in Charlotte, North Carolina.
The third front parties contesting in the state were the Biju Janata Dal, the Left parties and the Nationalist Congress Party.
Donald Trump, who later went on to win the presidency, received 40.9% of the vote.
The Liberal Democrats also renominated their general election candidate, Robert Woodthorpe Browne.
During the election race some candidates shifted their alignment.
It was one of the most eventful elections in Canada's history, with more than half of the electorate switching parties from the 1988 election.
The party was expected to win 70 to 100 seats, possibly even enough to form a minority government.
In his initial 1908 election campaign, Taft had carried New Jersey by a comfortable 57-39 margin.
The 1958 South African general election, held on 16 April of that year, led to a victory for the National Party, under the leadership of J.G.
The Illinois gubernatorial election of 1826 was the third quadrennial election for this office.
In Portugal the election was held on 13 June.
Municipal elections for 178 municipalities were held in Saudi Arabia between 10 February and 21 April 2005.
Clinton, from neighboring Arkansas, benefited from have the state's junior U.S.
During this election, the Democratic-Republican Party was the only major national party, and four different candidates from this party sought the Presidency.
Parliamentary elections were held in Iceland on 8 April 1995.
Malaysia does not practice compulsory voting and automatic voter registration.
The Conservatives lost 164 seats, leaving them with 10,393 councillors.
New Mexico weighed in for this election as 2% more Democratic than the national average.
Alaska was won by Republican nominee John McCain with a 21.5% margin of victory.
The 2011 Wan Chai District Council election was held on 6 November 2011 to elect all 11 elected members to the 13-member District Council.
The 1958 Texas gubernatorial election was held on November 4, 1958 to elect the Governor of Texas.
As of 2016, this is the last time that the Republican nominee carried Delaware.
Venstre leader Uffe Ellemann-Jensen resigned as party leaders a few days after the election.
The Conservative Party led by Albert Robertson formed the official opposition, with only two members.
An election for Mayor of New York City will be held on November 7, 2017.
A prominent critic of Thaksin and anti-corruption activist also appeared to have been elected.
An election to Fingal County Council took place on 5 June 2009 as part of that year's Irish local elections.
One of the major responsibles for the military operations during the Carnation Revolution, in 1974, Otelo Saraiva de Carvalho, was also a candidate.
Incumbent George E. Cryer did not contest the election which was won by John Clinton Porter.
Although prior to the election year, Governor Ann Richards held a large approval rating as the state economy was strong into the mid-term election.
Tautas Partija was the only coalition party to win a seat.
The United Kingdom's part of this election was held on Thursday 10 June 2004.
Voters turnout in Assam was 80% which was one of highest in India.
The election was fought while the Emergency Powers Act 1939 was still in force.
A by-election was held in the New Zealand electorate of Botany on 5 March 2011.
The 2012 Stockport Metropolitan Borough Council election took place on 3 May 2012 to elect members of Stockport Metropolitan Borough Council in England.
Incumbent Governor of Montana Roy E. Ayers, who was first elected governor in 1936, ran for re-election.
Had Beattie served out his fourth term, he would have become the second-longest serving Queensland Premier, after Sir Joh Bjelke-Petersen.
McGovern's loss was heavily influenced by voter opposition to his supposedly far-left ideology.
It will occur along with elections for the U.S. Senate, U.S. House, and other state and local elections.
For the first time, the Labour Party emerged as the largest party, winning 50 of the 150 seats in the House of Representatives.
It was the first extraordinary congress in the party's history, necessitated by the election of party leader Recep Tayyip Erdoğan as the 12th President of Turkey.
The 1932 New South Wales state election was held on 11 June 1932.
Finishing in third was the Liberal Party nominee, Assemblyman Albert H. Blumenthal, who received 15.40%.
The Buckeye State was won by incumbent President Richard Nixon by a margin of 21.56 percent.
In the Electoral College vote on December 19, seven electors voted against their pledged candidates: two against Trump and five against Clinton.
Democrat Leon Abbett defeated Republican nominee Edward Burd Grubb, Jr. with 51.37% of the vote.
There were 170,000 registered voters, and fifty-two seats to fill in Parliament in 17 multi-member constituencies.
Exit polls showed Perry easily won Anglos while Sanchez won African Americans and Latinos.
The Van Acker government lost the election, leading to again a Catholic government led by Gaston Eyskens.
Prior to the election, major news organizations were conflicted about whether Pennsylvania was leaning Democratic or too close to call.
The second inauguration was on March 4, 1793 at the Senate Chamber of Congress Hall in Philadelphia.
Rivlin was sworn in on 24 July.
The 2006 United States Senate election in New Mexico took place on November 7, 2006.
The Maryland Attorney General election of 2014 was held on November 4, 2014, to elect the Attorney General of Maryland.
Serracchiani was the second woman to hold the office of President of Friuli-Venezia Giulia, after Alessandra Guerra of Lega Nord Friuli in 1994–1995.
Elections were held in Cagayan Valley for seats in the House of Representatives of the Philippines on May 10, 2010.
The 1976 United States Senate election in Vermont took place on November 2, 1976.
With one exception, the only seats to switch from Democratic to Republican had been Republican-held prior to the 2006 elections.
The election handed a landslide victory to Koizumi's LDP, with the party winning 296 seats, the largest share in postwar politics.
German federal elections took place on 25 January 1987, to elect members to the 11th Bundestag, the parliament of the Federal Republic of Germany.
The Irish general election, 1713 returned members to serve in the House of Commons.
The "Antis" won in the House while the "Pros" won in the Senate.
Elections to the Tripura Tribal Areas Autonomous District Council were held on May 3, 2010.
Legislative elections for Majlis of Iran were held on 14 March 2008, with a second round held on 25 April 2008.
As a result, the total popular vote increased dramatically, from 18.5 million in 1916 to 26.8 million in 1920.
As these elections were prior to ratification of the seventeenth amendment, Senators were chosen by State legislatures.
Two new parties emerged in this election, largely from the supporters of the Progressive Conservatives.
It was the first time an open primary had been held for The Republicans or its predecessors.
A total of 167 candidates was successfully nominated on the nomination day.
They were the first elections in Burma since its separation from India under the British Raj.
This information supports the fact that the District of Columbia has never voted for a Republican.
Missouri returned to electing its governor to a 4-year term, instead of a 2-year term.
Representative John G. Schmitz ran under the American Independent Party ticket.
The Connecticut Democratic Presidential Primary took place on Super Tuesday, February 5, 2008, with 48 delegates at stake.
Parliamentary elections were held in Chile on 16 December 2001.
Like most Southern states between the Reconstruction Era and the Civil Rights Movement, Louisiana's Republican Party was virtually nonexistent in terms of electoral support.
On 17 June, the six parties came to an agreement on forming a coalition government, led by Katainen and consisting of 19 ministers.
Corbett defeated Onorato in the November general election.
All 50 states and the District of Columbia were part of the 1988 United States presidential election.
The Ontario Conservative Party, led by William Ralph Meredith lost five of its seats.
See below in the section of Electors for more information.
A number of MPs broke from party lines to nominate themselves.
The indirectly elected seats were chosen on 2 October.
Hillary Clinton won the election in Delaware with 53.4% of the vote.
Ninety-one constituencies, 34% of the total in England and Wales, were contested.
However, those who qualified as an anonymous elector had until midnight on Tuesday 26 April 2011 to register to vote.
A total number of 678,877 voters turned out to vote.
The state legislature chose nine representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
General elections were held in Malta between 1 and 4 December 1875.
Campbell served nearly an entire year as governor.
The next elections were held in May 2011.
Before the election, Hodgman had indicated that he would only govern in majority.
Republican Party of Minnesota incumbent Knute Nelson easily defeated People's Party challenger Sidney M. Owen and Democratic Party of Minnesota candidate George Loomis Becker.
Only half of this House of Councillors was up for election.
The main opposition party - Swaraj Party did not contest the elections due to its participation in the Civil Disobedience Movement.
The Saskatchewan general election of 1975 was the eighteenth provincial election held in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
General elections were held in Singapore on 3 September 1988.
Senator Richard Lugar was re-elected to a third term.
Sewell eventually arranged a public meeting the evening prior to nomination day; this was the only public meeting during the election campaign.
Following 2003 amendments to the constitution which lengthened the presidential term to five years, these were the last joint elections to the presidency and Parliament.
Former State Representative Jonathan Pelto  explored a third-party candidacy through a petition drive but was disqualified due to an inadequate number of signatures.
There were 2,979 deputies to this Congress.
The Pennsylvania gubernatorial election of 1950 was held on November 7.
The term of the state's sole Representative to the United States House of Representatives expired on January 3, 2005.
Nationally, Reagan won the election with 489 electoral votes and 50.75% of the popular vote.
Federal elections were held in Switzerland on 20 October 1991.
The New Zealand Liberal Party leadership election 1912 was held on 22 March to choose the next leader of the New Zealand Liberal Party.
In Portugal the election was held on 18 June.
Kentucky voters chose 9 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President.
The Social Democratic Party remained the largest in the Folketing, with 66 of the 149 seats.
The ninth Sarawak state election was held on Saturday, 20 May 2006 with nomination day on Tuesday, 9 May 2006.
Former party leader Alan Dukes also announced that he would not contest the leadership election after some speculation.
He was able to regain ground as the economy began to recover from the early 1990s recession with a relatively stable world stage.
Voters chose 4 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
The 72 delegates represented Minnesota at the Democratic National Convention in Denver, Colorado.
However, Koštunica claimed he was not only ahead, but had finished just a few thousand votes over the threshold to win a first-round victory.
The other major candidate for mayor, Tom Butt, had a campaign budget of just over $22,000.
Since the 2010 municipal elections, portions of Lac La Biche County and the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo formed Improvement District No.
However, polls were consistently won by Kerry and neither campaign took the state too seriously.
Outgoing Premier Jim Prentice resigned as party leader and as MLA for Calgary-Foothills on election night.
Results were declared on 25 February 2000.
A general election was held in San Marino on 13 June 1915 to elect the fourth term of the Grand and General Council.
The election was for all of the 94 seats in the Legislative Assembly.
Parliamentary elections were held in the Czech Republic on 8 and 9 June 1990 alongside federal elections.
Until 2016, due to the House of Councillors without a simple majority, LDP need to cooperate and form coalitions with other parties.
The 2014 United States Senate election in Iowa was held on November 4, 2014.
A week later, Richard Hooper won the 1891 Wallaroo by-election as an Independent Labor member in the South Australian House of Assembly.
Incumbent Democratic Governor Kate Brown, who as Oregon Secretary of State succeeded to the governorship, ran for election to the office.
Douglas Butzier, who was the Libertarian nominee, died on October 14 in a single engine plane crash near Key West, Iowa.
Senator Patty Murray won re-election to a second term.
This was the first time that five political parties held official party status in a single session of Canada's Parliament.
The 2010 United States Senate election in Oklahoma was held on November 2, 2010.
This gubernatorial election is the most recent in which Cook County voted for the Republican candidate.
This was the first time the words Whig and Tory were used as names for political groupings in the Parliament of England.
Republican candidate William Sproul defeated Democratic candidate Eugene C. Bonniwell to become Governor of Pennsylvania.
In 1952, Kennedy had first defeated Lodge to take the latter's U.S. Senate seat, symbolizing this new Democratic coalition's rise in the state.
The 2006 United States Senate election in Maine was held on November 2, 2006.
Every four years, Massachusetts holds statewide elections for Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Attorney General, Secretary of the Commonwealth, State Treasurer, and Auditor.
Incumbent president Mário Soares was constitutionally barred from a third consecutive term.
Third party and independent candidates made up just 0.7% of the vote.
The 2011 New Zealand general election on Saturday 26 November 2011 determined the membership of the 50th New Zealand Parliament.
This led to a split in 1994, when several groups left Fatherland party.
New Jerseys 14 electoral votes were assigned to Clinton and her Vice Presidential running mate Tim Kaine.
The nativist American Party completely collapsed in 1860.
Four candidates stood in the contest, all of whom were MSPs: Ruth Davidson, Murdo Fraser, Jackson Carlaw and Margaret Mitchell.
Voters chose three representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
By 1912, as many as 29 states elected senators either as nominees of their party's primary or in conjunction with a general election.
Regional elections were held in Scotland on 5 May 1994, as part of the Local Government Act 1973.
The Northern Ireland general election, 1933 was held on 30 November 1933.
New Mexico was won by World War II hero and supreme allied commander Dwight D. Eisenhower by a wide 11 point margin.
Elections were held in the Ilocos Region for seats in the House of Representatives of the Philippines on May 10, 2010.
McLaughlin's victory was the first time a woman won the leadership of a major recognized federal Canadian political party.
A significant expansion in the size of the House occurred as a result of population increases revealed in the 1810 Census.
This was the first time in almost a century that a Swedish centre-right government that had served a full term was reelected.
The 2009 Cleveland mayoral election took place on November 3, 2009, to elect the Mayor of Cleveland, Ohio.
Opinion polling has shown ANO leading since early 2014, with their lead gradually increasing to double digits.
Eisenhower would receive over 80% of vote in the county in both 1952 and 1956.
Knott County, which had given Bill Clinton 73% of the vote in 1996, gave Mitt Romney 73% of the vote in 2012.
Adams won New Hampshire by a margin of 8.2%.
All 50 states and the District of Columbia, were part of the 1988 United States presidential election.
Voter turnout was 70.9%, adjusted from initial tallies of 69.6% to account for deceased electors.
The number of members decreased from 43 to 41 compared to the previous election.
The Illinois gubernatorial election of 1864 was the thirteenth election for this office and took place during the American Civil War.
21 councillors were elected from four electoral divisions by PR-STV voting for an eight-year term of office.
Provincial council elections were held in Sri Lanka on 21 September 2013 to elect 148 members to three of the nine provincial councils in the country.
This streak would come to an end in 2016, when it voted for Hillary Clinton over the eventual winner Donald Trump by a narrow margin.
Gordon Brown and Robin Cook were both seen as potential candidates, but did not stand.
Voters elected candidates for all local positions: four members of the Sangguniang Panlalawigan, vice governor, governor, and representatives for the three districts of Tarlac.
Smith was the first Democrat to win these counties since James Knox Polk in 1844.
The election was held simultaneously with regional elections in 12 other autonomous communities and local elections all throughout Spain.
There was a very low turnout in the election compared with other states, the lowest in Europe.
The Southern Sudan Federal Party competed in the election, and won 40 of the 46 seats allocated to the southern provinces.
The 2006 California gubernatorial election occurred on November 7, 2006.
Elections were held in Central Luzon for seats in the House of Representatives of the Philippines on May 10, 2010.
General elections were held in Zimbabwe on 23 March 1990 to elect the President and Parliament.
Republican candidate Jim Jeffords defeated Democratic candidate Bill Gray to succeed him.
Many prominent MPs decided not to stand in the election.
Tomblin and Republican Bill Maloney won their respective primaries.
Voters chose 32 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
General elections were held in Thailand on 6 February 2005.
Georgia was won by Governor George W. Bush by an 11.7% margin of victory.
Nevertheless, in 1956 the state swung especially hard in Eisenhower’s favor.
Caroline St-Hilaire was elected to her first term as mayor, and her party won 11 of the 26 seats on Longueuil City Council.
Party strengths are an approximation, with many MPs' allegiances being unknown.
The Social Democratic Party remained the largest in the Folketing, with 68 of the 179 seats.
AIADMK under J. Jayalalithaa won the elections and became the first ruling party to be re-elected in Tamil Nadu since 1984, though with a reduced majority.
Since no candidate won a majority of the popular vote, Kunin was elected by the Vermont General Assembly per the state constitution.
The Conservatives held control of the council with a reduced majority of 5 seats.
A summary of the results by governorate was:
LaHood won the election with almost 69% of the vote.
The Minister-President since 2002 has been Wolfgang Böhmer, who formed a grand coalition with the SPD after the previous state election in 2006.
Senator Warren G. Harding and his running mate, Governor Calvin Coolidge.
The 2004 United States Senate election in South Dakota was held on November 2, 2004.
The election was won by the Liberal-Labour candidate, after the seat had been held by the Conservative Party for 11 years.
Despite Al Gore's loss in the state, he is the most recent Democrat to win any of its counties in a Presidential Election.
Hungary delegated 22 members to the European Parliament based on the Nice treaty and the election took place on 7 June.
Full-preference preferential voting has remained in place since, allowing the Coalition parties to safely contest the same seats.
In addition Athy Town Council, Leixlip Town Council, Naas Town Council and Newbridge Town Council were all abolished.
He also lodged an official appeal with the Guardian Council for new and more transparent elections.
75 councillors were elected from various electoral divisions, which returned either one or two county councillors each by first-past-the-post voting for a four-year term of office.
Opinion polls before voting started consistently put Chinchilla as the front-runner, a trend confirmed in the election-night count, which showed her garnering 46.76% of the vote.
There were three big issues in this election, provincial rights and how to divide the provinces.
Elections were by proportional representation, using the single transferable vote system.
The result of the election was known on 4 August 1818.
Vermont cast seven electoral votes for New England native John Quincy Adams.
The 2017 New Zealand general election is scheduled to be held on Saturday 23 September 2017 to determine the membership of the 52nd New Zealand Parliament.
The Workers' Party lost its sole seat; the first time since 1974 where it had no representation in Waterford local politics.
German federal elections took place on 2 December 1990, to elect members to the 12th Bundestag of the Federal Republic of Germany.
In doing so, he became the first VP to be reelected since Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan in 1957
The Alaska Congressional election of 1992 was held on Tuesday, November 3, 1992.
Palmer United Party made a significant effort in the election.
Popular incumbent Republican Senator Strom Thurmond won re-election against Democratic challenger Elliott Springs Close.
The court suspended the Central Election Commission of Ukraine ruling that announced that Viktor Yanukovych won the election, but did not postpone or cancel Yanukovych's inauguration.
The caucuses had been tentatively scheduled for February 16 but later changed.
With this decisive win, Johnson became the first Democratic presidential candidate to ever win Vermont.
Elections for the nine provincial councils were also held.
Pennsylvania overwhelmingly voted for the Republican nominee, President Dwight D. Eisenhower, over the Democratic nominee, former Illinois Governor Adlai Stevenson.
All locally registered electors who were aged 18 or over on Thursday 2 May 2013 were entitled to vote in the local elections.
The 2006 United States Senate election in Hawaii was held November 7, 2006.
The Rhode Island gubernatorial election of 2010 was held on November 2, 2010.
He warned against the "regime of the parties" which was, according to him, responsible for the 1940 collapse.
Soldiers serving overseas in the NZEF were given a vote by the Expeditionary Forces Voting Act, 1914.
The 1994 Alaska gubernatorial election took place on November 8, 1994 for the post of Governor of Alaska, United States.
It is now five Republicans and six Democrats.
Several counties in the state suffered delays in finalizing their votes.
Alberta had 357 municipalities between April 1 and June 30, 2015, which marked the closure of the 2015 legislated municipal census period.
Unemployment increased during the first three years of her term and the economy went through a recession.
In addition, the Isle of Wight held a local referendum on the issue of a directly elected mayor.
There were 12 members elected by Electoral Colleges, 14 members from functional constituencies.
Incumbent Prime Minister Brian Mulroney, leader of the Progressive Conservative Party, had signed the agreement.
The 2011 Wong Tai Sin District Council election was held on 6 November 2011 to elect all 25 elected members to the 29-member District Council.
Connecticut was won by incumbent United States President Ronald Reagan of California, who was running against former Vice President Walter Mondale of Minnesota.
General elections were held in Italy on 21 March 1897, with a second round of voting on 28 March.
Karunanidhi had emerged successfully in the leadership crisis with other party leaders M. G. Ramachandran, and Nedunchezhiyan, which ensued after the death of C. N. Annadurai.
It was held on 9 June 1994.
Democratic candidate Thomas P. Salmon defeated Republican candidate Luther F. Hackett to succeed him.
Republican Jim Inhofe won the open seat.
Alabaster returned to the Board by winning majority of 27 votes over architect J. Caer Clark, who was supported by the Kowloon Residents Association.
The 1893 Spanish general election was held on Sunday, 5 March 1893, to elect the 6th Restoration Cortes of the Kingdom of Spain.
The results saw Labour retain its control of the council, albeit with a reduced majority.
Parliamentary elections were held in Romania on 28 March 1948.
On 30 April Nikola Tomašić, leader of the People's Party, renounced his candidature and left politics for a short time.
Brown garnered 12,040 votes, more than the difference between Taylor and Goebel.
United Left entered the Courts for the first time with 1 seat.
The 1960 United States Senate election in Montana took place on November 8, 1966.
Presidential elections were held for the first time in Uzbekistan on 29 December 1991.
This election saw 72.8% of the eligible voters to cast their votes.
The general election took place in 34 parliamentary constituencies throughout Ireland for 138 seats in the lower house of parliament, Dáil Éireann.
None of the parties achieved the 151 seats needed for an overall majority.
The Centre Democrats and Christian People's Party continued to support the government though.
There was much speculation for many months over who would challenge Parker.
The Readjuster Party candidate William Evelyn Cameron won in a historic upset election.
Primary runoffs, necessary if no candidate won a majority of the vote, were held on 15 July.
Conservative gains came at the expense of the Progressive Party and the United Farmers of Ontario.
The 2011 Kowloon City District Council election was held on 6 November 2011 to elect all 22 elected members to the 25-member District Council.
The new party retained one MP, in the form of Helen Suzman.
Hyde was therefore declared elected without the need for a poll.
It was the only election in Japan during the Pacific theater of World War II.
The 1988 United States Senate Election in Maryland was held on November 8, 1988.
All 75 seats in the Parliament were up for election.
A non-partisan primary election was held on August 27, 2013.
The 1923 United States Senate special election in Vermont took place on November 6, 1923.
When Rajapaksa called the election in November 2014 he had looked certain to win.
The 2008 Fianna Fáil leadership election began on 2 April 2008, when party leader and Taoiseach Bertie Ahern announced his resignation.
Romney carried the state with 68.64% to Obama's 27.82%, with Libertarian Gary Johnson taking 2.14%.
Donald Trump won the election in Mississippi with 57.9% of the vote.
Thus, Truman's election confirmed the Democratic Party's status as the nation's majority party.
This was the last Louisiana gubernatorial election before the outbreak of the Civil War.
1902 would also see the largest number of MLAs elected to the Northwest Territories Legislature in the territories history.
Truman ran with Senator Alben W. Barkley of Kentucky, while Dewey’s running mate was Governor Earl Warren of California.
Overall turnout was 36.0%, up slightly from last year's 34.5%.
He faced Democratic nominee and Kentucky Secretary of State Allison Lundergan Grimes and Libertarian nominee David Patterson in the general election.
As of 2016, this is the last Senate election in Louisiana that was won by a Democrat.
Dayton's victory broke his own record, set in 2010, as the oldest Minnesota gubernatorial candidate to win an election; he was 67.
The voters elected for the elective local posts in the city: the mayor, vice mayor, and ten councilors.
The French Communist Party proposed to the French Section of the Workers' International to present a candidate with a common programme, but the SFIO refused.
The 2014 United States Senate election in Nebraska took place on November 4, 2014.
They concurrently won the largest share of the vote in 100 council areas, with their largest vote share recorded in Newham at 58.4%.
The social democratic CCF formed the official opposition.
Because no candidate received a majority of votes, a runoff election was held later on February 26, 1991, which Symington also won.
The Republicans captured open seats in Alabama, Arkansas, and Nebraska.
The election was delayed from 7 May to coincide with elections to the European Parliament.
Huckabee's win over the favored Romney was considered a major loss of momentum for Romney's campaign, while it revitalized Mike Huckabee's hopes for the nomination.
Elections occurred in all 24 wards, with each ward returning 3 councillors to the council.
The second round was held concurrently with a referendum to amend Article 47 of the constitution.
However, of the existing districts, Democrats won three Republican-held districts.
Local government elections took place in London, and some other parts of the United Kingdom on Thursday 6 May 2010.
The United States Senate elections of 1826 and 1827 were elections that had the majority Jacksonians gain a seat in the United States Senate.
The five members will serve on the Security Council for the 2020–21 period.
The Vermont gubernatorial election of 1924 took place on November 4, 1924.
Even when some leaders left the coalition after this most of the leadership remained united.
Incumbent United States Senator John Melcher, who was first elected to the Senate in 1976, opted to run for re-election.
Clark's Tories campaigned under the slogan, "Real change deserves a fair chance", but the voters were unwilling to give Clark another chance.
This was the first time in 20 years that the Democrats won a majority in the Senate.
Democrats defeated 22 Republican incumbents and won eight open Republican-held seats.
Gore did well in the western part of the state, where he won the 2nd district.
The 2009 election for Mayor of New York City took place on Tuesday, November 3.
This was the first year in which Illinois held a gubernatorial election in a midterm election year since 1846.
Democratic nominee Neil Goldschmidt defeated Republican Norma Paulus to win the election.
The Spanish Socialist Workers' Party gained 3 seats despite decreasing its vote share by 1 point.
The Indian general election, 1991 polls in Tamil Nadu were held for 39 seats in the state.
In the Danish Folketing election of 1890, which was held on 21 January 1890, the approximate total votes and the actual seats won were:
Nigel Farage won the election with over 60% of the vote.
The 1986 Oregon gubernatorial election took place on November 4, 1986.
The Democratic Party retained its majority, losing one seat with defeat of Mike Jacobs of East Moline by Neil Anderson.
Senator Arlen Specter won re-election to a fifth term.
José Maria Alkmin was elected Vice-President unopposed after Auro de Moura Andrade withdrew his candidacy.
In the end, the Liberals fared better than the final opinion polls had led them to fear, but well short of a majority.
The Conservatives came second, and Labour third.
Official results, announced on 27 October, gave Law and Justice with 235 of 460 seats, a majority of four.
The Pennsylvania gubernatorial election of 1793 occurred on November 5, 1793.
It was the tenth election win for the National Party in Queensland since it first came to office in 1957.
United States gubernatorial elections were held on November 6, 1984, in 13 states and two territories.
The United States Senate elections of 1946 were held November 5, 1946, in the middle of Democratic President Harry S. Truman's first term.
The Dublin County by-election of 1874 was fought on 18 March 1874.
Reed, who was also of the Reform Party, was barred by the court from standing for election for 12 months.
The 2010 United States Senate election in Wisconsin was held on November 2, 2010.
The election was called on September 24, 1986.
Economic issues were key factors in this election.
Of the 70 elected legislators 63 were men and 7 women.
Bush carried the southern part of the state, which is home of the 2nd district.
The Republicans chose lesser-known Congressman Rick Lazio to replace him.
The legislative number of this bill, "Bill One", was intended to signify the importance of this bill for the new government.
As a result, the Centre Party remained the largest party in the Reichstag after winning 105 of the 397 seats, whilst the SPD won only 43.
Prior to the election, eight of the total seats were held by Democrats and five by Republicans.
The election was carried out using purely the party-list proportional representation system.
Provincial senators were introduced in addition to the existing directly elected ones.
The 1896 United States presidential election in New York took place on November 3, 1896.
A top two primary election in August 2016 determines which two candidates appear on the November ballot.
The New Democratic Party finished second with 20, while the Liberal Party fell from 21 to 7.
Michigan was won by incumbent United States President Ronald Reagan of California, who was running against former Vice President Walter Mondale of Minnesota.
Incumbent Democratic Governor John Connally did not run for reelection to a fourth term, so the election pitted Democrat Preston Smith against Republican Paul Eggers.
In the contest for mayor of Montreal, Gérald Tremblay was elected to a second term over former mayor Pierre Bourque.
The Swedish Social Democratic Party remained the largest party, winning 114 of the 232 seats in the Second Chamber of the Riksdag.
A primary election was held on August 28, 2012.
One Democratic candidate, Bill Robinson, stated he would run despite missing the petition deadline.
Mario Dumont, leader of the Action démocratique du Québec, repeated his success in winning his own seat, as he had done in the 1994 general election.
Senator Larry Craig won re-election to a third term.
Mack also won every county in the state.
It was his third term in office.
The incumbent Labor Party government, led by Premier Philip Collier, won a second term in government against the United-Country opposition, led by Opposition Leader James Mitchell.
Partial general elections were held in Belgium on 11 June 1870.
A recount was held, after which Ravalomanana was awarded 51.46% of the votes, and in April the High Constitutional Court declared him the winner.
The European Parliament election of 1999 in Italy was the election of the delegation from Italy to the European Parliament in 1999.
The result saw the Labour Party gain 12 seats from the Liberal Democrats, taking control of the council for the first time in seven years.
Senator J. James Exon decided to retire instead of seeking a fourth term.
This victory was the starting point of a rapid change in the structure of the state and society in Turkey.
The 2015 Navarrese regional election was held on Sunday, 24 May 2015, to elect the 9th Parliament of the Foral Community of Navarre.
This position found widespread support in the country.
Parliamentary elections were held in the Czech Republic on 19 and 20 June 1998.
An election to Dorset County Council took place on 2 May 2013 as part of the United Kingdom local elections.
It is notable because it was seen by some as a contest between the former mayors of Calgary and Edmonton, Ralph Klein and Laurence Decore, respectively.
The Christian Social People's Party remained the largest party, winning 21 of the 60 seats in the Chamber of Deputies.
There were no boundary changes taking effect at this election.
General elections were held in Honduras to elect the President of Honduras, Vice-President, and deputies to the National Congress of Honduras on 27 November 2005.
The 1996 United States presidential election in Mississippi took place on November 5, 1996.
An election to Kerry County Council took place on 5 June 2009 as part of that year's Irish local elections.
The result was a victory for incumbent Milan Kučan, who won 63.93% of the vote.
The 1918 United States House of Representatives elections were held November 5, 1918, which occurred in the middle of President Woodrow Wilson's second term.
There was a 10.07% swing towards Labor, while One Nation suffered a 13.98% swing against it, losing eight seats.
That may have been a reaction to the major Democratic gains in the previous election.
The elections coincided with the elections of other federal and state offices, including a quadrennial presidential election, and a U.S. Senate election.
The result was a victory for Park Chung-hee, who won 51.4% of the vote.
On July 12, 1704, a small group of szlachta, gathered in a Swedish army camp near Warsaw, declared Leszczynski the new King.
The party won 2 seats in each of Glencullen-Sandyford and Killiney-Shankill to compensate from losing a seat in Dún Laoghaire.
Voters elected 42 deputies to the State House of Representatives.
Elections were held in the state of Western Australia on 21 October 1914 to elect 50 members to the Western Australian Legislative Assembly.
The elections happened on the same day as the election for the Assembly of Experts.
14,431 candidates - including 3,912 women - contested 440 seats.
The European Parliament Election, 1989 was the third European election to be held in the United Kingdom.
His second strongest showing was in Alaska, but even here Schmitz failed to equal the success of George Wallace’s campaign in the previous election.
Republican nominee, Lieutenant Governor Phil Bryant, defeated the Democratic nominee, Hattiesburg Mayor Johnny DuPree.
Helen Suzman, member of parliament for Houghton, retained her seat as the sole representative of the liberal Progressive Party.
Incumbent Democratic Governor Bev Perdue was eligible to run for re-election to a second term.
Eugene Sawyer had been appointed Mayor by the City Council to serve until the special election midway through the term.
The 1944 Minnesota gubernatorial election took place on November 7, 1944.
Helsinki: WSOY, 2003; Pentti Virrankoski, A History of Finland / Suomen historia, volumes 1&2.
After the election, Arthur agreed with the Democrats to pass the Pendleton Civil Service Reform Act, establishing a professional civil service.
However, for the 2012 elections, the two parties decided to run together, under the banner of the coalition San Marino Common Good.
However, like the rest of New England, it is considerably more liberal on social issues, which benefits Democratic candidates.
The Manitoba Liberal Party won one seat.
This was the first congressional election using districts drawn-up based on the 2010 United States Census.
U.S. Vice President Tompkins had been governor from 1807 to 1817.
Presidential elections were held in Lithuania during December 2002 and January 2003.
Democratic incumbent Phil Hare had held the seat since 2006 and was running for re-election.
All other districts remained one voter - one vote.
Various explanations have been put forward for Nixon's victory, from national political trends to red-baiting on the part of the challenger.
In the first round on December 22, 2002, Valdas Adamkus held a large lead over Rolandas Paksas of the Liberal democratic party.
The voters elected for the elective local posts in the city: the mayor, vice mayor, and eight councilors per district.
The Glasgow Govan by-election, in the British House of Commons constituency of Glasgow Govan, Scotland, was held on 10 November 1988.
Party strengths are an approximation, with the allegiance of many MPs being unknown.
It was the first contested American presidential election and the only one in which a president and vice president were elected from opposing tickets.
An election to South Dublin County Council took place on 27 June 1991 as part of that year's Irish local elections.
The Social Democratic party under the lead of Fernando Nogueira was weakened by the end of a ten years cycle of government of Cavaco Silva.
Feng Guozhang of the Zhili clique won over Lu Rongting of the Old Guangxi Clique in the election.
In April 2013, Christchurch's main newspaper, The Press, announced that Dalziel would stand, having asked Student Volunteer Army organiser Sam Johnson to be her running mate.
The 1974 U.S. Senate election for the state of North Dakota was held November 5, 1974.
This is the first time in history that any U.S. presidential campaign had visited the Northern Mariana Islands.
The 2016 United States House of Representatives elections in Georgia were held on November 8, 2016, to elect the fourteen U.S.
The 2006 Toronto municipal election took place on 13 November 2006 to elect a mayor and 44 city councillors in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
In terms of electoral votes, it was the most lopsided presidential election in the history of the United States.
Although the Labour Party remained the largest party, winning 74 of the 150 seats, the coalition of right-wing parties won 76 seats.
Representatives from the state of Maryland, one from each of the state's eight congressional districts.
Primary elections were held on August 4.
The 1976 United States Senate election in Montana took place on November 2, 1976.
The Action démocratique du Québec, in a major breakthrough, became the official opposition.
The 2016 United States House of Representatives elections in Wisconsin were held on Tuesday, November 8, 2016 to elect the eight U.S.
Murkowski announced that regardless of her defeat in the primary, she would run in the general election as a write-in candidate.
The Alberta general election of 1993 was the twenty-third general election for the Province of Alberta, Canada.
The Conservative Party, led by David Cameron, won the largest number of votes and seats, but still fell 20 seats short.
The 2011 Tuen Mun District Council election was held on 6 November 2011 to elect all 29 elected members to the 35-member District Council.
At the time the country was a one-party state and all candidates had to be members of the Arab Socialist Union.
This article contains lists of notable candidates for the United States Republican Party's 2012 presidential nomination.
Twelve other unpledged delegates, known as superdelegates, also attended the convention and cast their votes as well.
It was dissolved while in recess on 12 July 1679.
Texas was, at the time, a Confederate state.
After the election a Coalition was formed between the Labour Party and the SNP.
His candidacy was supported by SDP's and JCP's prefectural chapters and the Okinawa Social Mass Party.
Reform Party candidate Ross Perot finished in third with 9.69% of the popular vote.
All elected members would serve in 99th United States Congress.
It lost the remaining seat held by an Independent Labor member to the Country Party.
He was unopposed in the Democratic primary; U.S. Representative Tom Cotton was also unopposed for the Republican nomination.
Long had to satisfy himself with running for Lieutenant Governor on Morgan's ticket.
The 1986 United States Senate election in Iowa was held November 3, 1986.
Voters chose 38 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Senator David Durenberger won re-election to his second full term.
They were the first elections held under official Communist rule; King Michael had been forced to abdicate in December.
The change was due to an alteration of the Electoral Administration Act.
Incumbent vice-chairman was elected as chairman uncontestedly, succeeding founding chairman Martin Lee Chu-ming.
Senator Thad Cochran won re-election to a third term.
In the end, the state became the deciding factor of the entire election.
As the last month of the election campaign began, the magazine Time pronounced the possible leftist victory to be "the brink of catastrophe".
Overall, the CHP won 23 of the 31 mayoral positions up for election, the AKP won 6 and the MHP won 2.
It was held to elect Members of the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories.
They were the only party which included a Gibraltar resident on their list of candidates, Lyana Armstrong-Emery of the Liberal Party of Gibraltar.
The Jersey City 2004 mayoral special election took place on November 2, 2004.
Incumbent Republican Carroll S. Page successfully ran for re-election to another term in the United States Senate, defeating Democratic candidate Oscar C. Miller.
The share of votes for parties other than Labour or the Conservatives was 35%, the largest since the 1918 general election.
General elections were held in India in 1996 to elect the members of the 11th Lok Sabha contested by the Congress Party and Bharatiya Janata Party.
Voters chose 27 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
It formed a coalition with the Freedom Union, a liberal party.
Voting was characterized by incidents of violence throughout the country.
The Liberal-Country coalition government, led by Premier Sir David Brand, won a second term in office against the Labor Party, led by Opposition Leader Bert Hawke.
The 2014 Antrim and Newtownabbey Borough Council election took place on 22 May 2014 to elect members of Antrim and Newtownabbey Borough Council in Northern Ireland.
The fifth legislative assembly election of Tamil Nadu was held in March 1971.
During the course of the campaign, Sanford's approval rating averaged in the mid fifties.
For the overall results in Scotland see 1997 United Kingdom general election results in Scotland.
The SNP gained 32 constituencies, twenty two from the Scottish Labour Party, nine from the Scottish Liberal Democrats and one from the Scottish Conservatives.
The 2015 Tai Po District Council election was held on 22 November 2015 to elect all 19 elected members to the 21-member Tai Po District Council.
Electoral colleges elected a number of candidates equal to the number of deputies.
An end to the economic downturn of the mid-1950s was also a factor.
The supreme court decided that 18 parties, 4 party coalitions could participate.
The Republicans would win the White House without taking Virginia in the next election, and for the first time since 1924.
The Republicans held a 49 to 47 seat majority after Morse's switch.
the Democratic Party did not field any candidates for races in the 1st, 3rd, and 4th congressional districts;
The fourth United Kingdom Parliament was dissolved on 29 September 1812.
No party ran a full slate of candidates.
Congress candidate and former Arunachal Congress leader Wangcha Rajkumar contested Arunchal East and AC candidate Kamen Ringu contested Arunachal West.
The first round was held on January 17, 2010.
Incumbent independent Senator Jim Jeffords decided to retire rather than seek re-election to a fourth term in office and Bernie Sanders was elected to succeed him.
The NDs attempted to attract young voters with the slogan, "Raj against the Machine".
The Democratic Party lost two of their 11 seats and the European Party lost one of their three seats.
The election was held simultaneously with that of the Legislative Council.
Presidential elections were held in Georgia on 27 October 2013, the sixth presidential elections since the country's restoration of independence from the Soviet Union in 1991.
The 2015 Labour Party leadership election was won by Jeremy Corbyn with a landslide victory.
The best known were Valentim Loureiro in Gondomar and Isaltino Morais in Oeiras.
The Indian general election, 2004 in Kerala were held for 20 seats in the state.
All fifty states plus The District of Columbia, were part of this presidential election.
Elections to the Supreme Soviet were held in the Soviet Union on 16 June 1974.
New York held its state presidential primary on February 5, 2008.
However, his party also repeated its failure to elect any other member apart from its leader.
Moscow is both a city and separate federal subject, according to the Constitution of Russia.
Ivor Bulmer-Thomas said the results "were the most astonishing in the history of the British party system".
The 2013 United Kingdom local elections took place on Thursday 2 May 2013.
Although they did not gain many seats, one of the new MPs elected was future Conservative Prime Minister David Cameron.
The 2012 Indian Vice-Presidential election was held on 7 August 2012 to elect Vice-President of India.
It elected Pierre-Marc Johnson at the helm of the party.
The new wards replaced 32 single-member wards which used the plurality system of election.
State elections also took place in 351 state constituencies in 11 states of Malaysia on the same day.
On January 7, 1971, they signed a political pact agreeing to establish a national-unity government after the March elections.
The United States presidential election of 1976 was the 48th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 2, 1976.
General elections were held in Japan on 20 February 1928, the first after the introduction of universal male suffrage.
The 2008 Nebraska Republican primary took place on May 13, 2008.
The Emilia-Romagna regional election of 2014 took place on 23 November 2014.
Voters went to the polls to elect:
The Sicilian regional election of 2001 was held on 24 June 2001.
The European Parliament election of 2004 in Denmark was the election of MEP representing Denmark constituency for the 2004-2009 term of the European Parliament.
The race was initially considered one of the most competitive in the 2014 election year.
Incumbent Democrat Joe Lieberman lost the Democratic primary, but won re-election as an independent.
But he and Bradish defeated the Democratic candidates.
The 2011 Medway Council unitary authority election took place on 5 May 2011.
Special elections were also held in the arrondissements of Antwerp, Philippeville, Brussels, Nivelles and Namur.
However, Fidel V. Ramos of Lakas-NUCD won the presidential election; this caused most of the newly elected congressmen to abandon the LDP for Lakas-NUCD.
The Saladin governorate election of 2013 was held on 20 April 2013 alongside elections for all other governorates outside Iraqi Kurdistan, Kirkuk, Anbar and Ninevah.
It was the first Conservative victory in a General Election since 1841.
The primaries were held on June 14.
Eisenhower carried New York with 55.45% of the vote to Stevenson's 43.55%, a victory margin of 11.90%.
Incumbent Republican Patricia Anderson was defeated by former State Representative Rebecca Otto of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party.
A general election for the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly was held on Saturday, 15 October 2016.
The 1836 United States presidential election in Mississippi took place between November 3 and December 7, 1836, as part of the 1836 United States presidential election.
The Maysan governorate election of 2009 was held on 31 January 2009 alongside elections for all other governorates outside Iraqi Kurdistan and Kirkuk.
Tilden and Hendricks defeated the Republican nominees, Governor Rutherford B. Hayes of Ohio and his running mate Congressman William A. Wheeler of New York.
Incumbent Democratic United States Senator Sam Nunn decided to retire instead of seeking a fifth term.
The more hardline Democratic Unionist Party became the largest Northern Irish party, with nine MPs elected.
Incumbent Republican Governor Charlie Baker is eligible to run for re-election to a second term in office.
Malaya later formed Malaysia with three other states in 1963.
21 councillors were elected from five electoral divisions by PR-STV voting for a five-year term of office.
The elections coincided with the elections of other federal and state offices, including a quadrennial presidential election and an election for the United States Senate.
The 2015 Islands District Council election was held on 22 November 2015 to elect all 10 elected members to the 18-member Islands District Council.
The European Parliament election, 2014 for the election of the delegation from Hungary to the European Parliament was held on 25 May 2014.
Former Chief Minister Ian Tuxworth was also re-elected as a member of the NT Nationals.
A remarkable novelty was the rise of the new Green Lists, while a new party obtained its first two parliamentary seats: the North League.
Senator Chuck Schumer won re-election to a third term.
The Conservative Party polled over two-thirds of the Gibraltar vote, with no other party exceeding 10% support.
When the government in Britain refused to allow Nova Scotia to secede, a majority of the Anti-Confederation MPs moved to the Conservatives.
The Vermont gubernatorial election of 1900 took place on September 4, 1900.
Premier Darrell Pasloski lost his own seat.
Polling stations were open between 8am and 9pm.
The by-election occurred on 1 December 1932, and was precipitated by the suicide of sitting Independent MP George Black on 17 October 1932.
An election to Galway County Council took place on 27 June 1991 as part of that year's Irish local elections.
The Vermont gubernatorial election of 1996 took place on November 5, 1996.
Candidates were elected on party lists in each of the 19 counties.
The Liberals' upset victory led to significant media debate about the quality of opinion polling in Canadian elections.
To them, de Gaulle's project appeared to be a rebirth of Bonapartism.
Wyoming was won by former California Governor Ronald Reagan by a 24-point landslide.
Bush's victory margin to just over 5%.
Pennsylvania voted for the National Union candidate, Abraham Lincoln, over the Democratic candidate, George B. McClellan.
Although VPRO-DPMNE attempted to form a coalition with BDI, coalition talks broke down in late January 2017.
All 401 seats in the Congress of Deputies were up for election, as well as 180 of 360 seats in the Senate.
Like most Southern states between the Reconstruction Era and the Civil Rights Movement, Louisiana's Republican Party was virtually nonexistent in terms of electoral support.
The percent of eligible voters who voted was 33% — putting turnout at a higher level than the previous election in 2004.
This shift marked the first in Social Credit's nine back to back election victories.
This was an innovation in Europe, as Belgium became the first country to adopt proportional representation as basis of its electoral system.
Bush won every county except Clark County, which is home of Las Vegas.
In doing so, Polk narrowly outpolled the Whig Party nominee Clay by less than 40,000 votes.
The party polled 31,805 votes and fell well below the 10% election threshold needed to win seats in the Grand National Assembly.
Two seats changed between the Country and LCL Parties.
The 1978 United States Senate election in Nebraska was held on November 7, 1978.
The Brihanmumbai Mahanagar Palika election, 2012 was an election of members to the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation which took place on 16 February 2012.
All those factors led to Bennett's eventual election.
They had taken only 5% of the vote across Scotland in 1966, having stood candidates in 23 out of 71 seats.
Incumbent Langer won the Republican nomination, and the endorsed Democratic candidate was Harold A. Morrison.
Bush ran with Indiana Senator Dan Quayle as Vice President, and Dukakis ran with Texas Senator Lloyd Bentsen.
The election was boycotted by Hamas and Islamic Jihad.
The Conservatives saw a significant increase in support and displaced the Labour Party as the second largest party at the Scottish Parliament.
The Maranhão gubernatorial election was held on 1 and 29 October 2006 to elect the Governor of Maranhão.
All elected members would serve in 106th United States Congress.
General elections were held in Singapore on 21 September 1963, five days after the merger with Malaysia.
He won a majority of the popular vote and the state's six electoral votes.
The Chartists picked up only a few votes despite their popular support, because voting was still restricted to a small percentage of the population.
The 2016 United States House of Representatives elections in New Jersey were held on November 8, 2016, to elect the 12 U.S.
Unlike most midterm election cycles, the number of seats lost—27 seats to the Democratic Party—was a comparatively large swap.
Senator Henry Cabot Lodge, Jr. resigned February 3, 1944 to return to active duty in the U.S. Army during World War II.
Dayton won with 48.83% of the vote against Grams’ 43.29%.
The success of the frivolous Polish Beer-Lovers' Party with 16 seats gained news coverage worldwide.
Traditionally Republican Queens, narrowly carried by John F. Kennedy in 1960, gave over 60% of the vote to Johnson.
The election coincided with the 2016 U.S. Presidential election, the North Dakota Governor election, U.S. Senate election, as well as other statewide, legislative, and local elections.
The Elections for the House of Representatives of the Philippines were held on November 14, 1961.
activist Darryl Cherney, perennial candidate Kent Mesplay, University of South Carolina professor William Kreml, and youth rights activist Elijah Manley.
The European Parliament election of 1979 in Denmark was the election of the delegation from Denmark to the European Parliament in 1979.
Human Rights Watch accused several prominent Kenyan politicians, including President Daniel arap Moi and then-VP George Saitoti of inciting and co-ordinating the violence.
The election would be followed by the 1st Northwest Territories general election in 1888 at the completion of the 3-year term.
Nixon's strongest county by vote share was rural Sussex County, where he received 69% of the vote to Kennedy's 31%.
Like the 1990 election, both major parties lost votes to the Libertarian Party, the Green Party and other third parties in addition to independent candidates.
It appeared almost certain that they would win unless the Whigs picked Taylor.
The Co-operative Commonwealth Federation gained its first seat east of Manitoba, with the election of Clarence Gillis from Cape Breton Island.
The 1900 United States presidential election in Pennsylvania took place on November 6, 1900 throughout 45 states.
The Irish general election of 1957 was held on 5 March 1957, over four weeks after the dissolution of the Dáil on 4 February.
Powell became the first Republican to receive electoral votes from Washington state since 1984.
His resignation resulted in the need for a by-election.
The 1990 New Hampshire gubernatorial election took place on November 6, 1990.
Incumbent Mayor Ralph Becker, a Democrat in office since 2008, sought a third term in office, but was defeated by Jackie Biskupski.
On the first Monday in July, eligible voters went to the polls and voted.
This was the last election until 1952 in which a Republican won the White House.
Massachusetts had been a Democratic-leaning state since 1928, and a Democratic stronghold since 1960.
The European Parliament election was the United Kingdom's component of the 2009 European Parliament election, the voting for which was held on Thursday 4 June 2009.
An election to Roscommon County Council took place on 23 May 2014 as part of that year's Irish local elections.
As of May 2012, both Ron Paul and Mitt Romney have led polls in multiple states.
After the election, U Nu, leader of the AFPFL, temporarily retired to reform the party and its policies.
Originally under the Article Two of the United States Constitution, each state chose a number of electors equal to its representation in Congress.
The election was won by the centrist Christian Democracy, as it happened at national level.
The result was that the Conservatives retained their control, winning forty-four seats, a gain of eight.
The parliament was inaugurated on 18 February 2006.
Incumbent Mayor Dave Bing chose to retire rather than seek re-election.
The Lone Star State is a Republican stronghold and is Bush's home state.
Combined with decisive Republican majorities in every county in upstate New York and in Long Island, Coolidge easily dominated New York State's election returns in 1924.
Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Romney would win, or otherwise considered as a safe red state.
The 1926 Sanitary Board Election was held on 12 April 1926 for replacing the retiring C. Grenville Alabaster in the Sanitary Board of Hong Kong.
The election was dominated by the Dreyfus Affair, and saw several notable supporters of Dreyfus lose their seats.
Presidential elections were held in Austria on 28 April 1963.
Senator Russ Feingold ran for re-election to a fourth term, but was defeated by political newcomer, Republican Ron Johnson.
The 1948 United States presidential election in New York took place on November 2, 1948.
The 2012 election also marks the third consecutive instance where a major party’s presidential candidate who considered Massachusetts as his home state lost.
The Liberal Party had held ten seats before the election, but lost three to the Greens, who subsequently went from one to four seats.
The People's Alliance, which was in power nationally, managed to win the majority of seats in two provinces.
In 2008, Democrat Barack Obama captured the state's 12 electoral votes winning 61.80% of the popular vote to Republican John McCain's 35.99%.
All 50 states and the District of Columbia, were part of the 1984 United States presidential election.
Republican candidate Julius Converse defeated Democratic candidate A.
The 1996 United States presidential election in South Carolina took place on November 7, 1996, as part of the 1996 United States presidential election.
The Washington Post called the result "a stunning upset" and Republican Governors Association Chairman Chris Christie called it "the biggest upset in the entire country."
Upon their election, barangay captains shall hold indirect elections for their cities and municipalities representations in the local councils and provincial boards.
Senator Debbie Stabenow won re-election to a second term.
The Republicans won only in some rural parts of upstate and western New York.
Voters chose 36 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
As these elections were prior to ratification of the seventeenth amendment, Senators were chosen by State legislatures.
The party won 62 of the 103 Irish parliamentary seats.
The winner of the race was Walter E. Fauntroy, who won his eighth re-election.
It was also the first time a Labour leadership contest had been contested by more than two participants since 1940.
This was not helped by some of the democratic parties' personal scandals.
All 39 seats in the Regional Assembly were up for election.
Incumbent Democratic Governor of Wisconsin Jim Doyle ran for a second term as governor.
He carried every county in the state, all by large margins.
Dalrymple, a member of the Republican Party, won election to a first full term.
Two minor parties were also able to pick up seats with the Communist party gaining Motherwell and the Scottish Prohibition Party gaining a seat in Dundee.
Donald Trump won the election in Nebraska with 58.7% of the vote.
The People's Coalition, headed by the conservative People's Alliance, became the second political force and the main opposition party in the Corts Valencianes with 32 seats.
Neville Chamberlain took over from Baldwin as Prime Minister and Leader of the Conservative Party in 1937.
The Conservatives were re-elected with an increased majority and, as in Suffolk and Kent, the Liberal Democrats replaced Labour as the main opposition party.
Incumbent Democratic Senator Jeff Merkley ran for re-election to a second term.
The 2008 Kansas Republican caucuses took place on February 9, 2008.
All fifty states and the District of Columbia were part of the 1972 United States presidential election.
This was the first Saskatchewan provincial vote to use a fixed election date, set on the first Monday of November every four years.
The 1998 Georgia Gubernatorial Election was held on November 3, 1998.
Voters chose 4 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
The PSOE–A regained first place from a declining People's Party.
The victory of incumbent president Jorge Sampaio was never in doubt and the turnout was therefore quite low.
From 1881 until the end of the constitutional monarchy, the turno power-sharing plan would continue dominating the Spanish political landscape nearly uninterruptedly.
Jackson won Maine by a margin of 10.70%.
A municipal census conducted in 2012 showed a population of 817,498, meaning approximately 75.7% of the population was eligible to vote.
The election was concurrent with elections to the United States House of Representatives and the presidential election.
Chhattisgarh Legislative Assembly election 2013 was held in two phases on 11 and 19 November in Chhattisgarh state of India.
The newly founded Reform Party also contested the election, but was considered little more than a fringe group, and did not win any seats.
Early on, the state was heavily targeted as a swing state.
A special election for Zambales' 2nd district seat in the House of Representatives of the Philippines was held on February 4, 2012.
Legislative elections in Portugal were held on 27 September 2009 to renew all 230 members of the Assembly of the Republic.
The results of the election were extremely close in terms of both the popular vote and the numbers of seats won by the two main parties.
Voter turnout in the election was 54.62%, which was a large decline from the 74.9% turnout registered five years previous.
At the time of the election there were 868,371 registered Democratic voters; 73.56% of them voted in this election.
The 1965 election for Mayor of Los Angeles took place on April 6, 1965.
As a result, José María Álvarez del Manzano was elected as Mayor of Madrid for a third term in office.
The success of the "no" campaign gave him the legitimacy to run for the Presidency and he rallied a large swathe of centre-right and centre-left voters.
This was the last election held until 1951, and was the last in the Northwest Territories to have political parties.
Taylor's closest competitor, Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, collected only 10 percent of the vote.
However, the LDP still remained the largest party in the House of Representatives.
Whig President Millard Fillmore, who had gained the presidency after the death of Zachary Taylor, grew increasingly unpopular.
Running in nine phases from 7 April to 12 May 2014, it was the longest election in the country's history.
In his concession speech, Vitter announced that he would not seek re-election.
Of the remaining ten candidates, The Press labelled them a mixture of eccentrics, tryers and also-rans.
An election to Carlow County Council took place on 27 June 1991 as part of that year's Irish local elections.
This election succeeded in attracting about 90% of the registered voters to the polls.
The Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam led coalition under the leadership of C.N.
The non-partisan Cook Political Report, New York Times and CQ Politics rated the gubernatorial election as a toss-up.
The State Legislative Assembly convenes at the Kota Darul Naim in the state capital, Kota Bharu.
The official one, electing delegates to the state convention, was held on February 12, 1996, the same day as the Democratic contest.
Each official is elected publicly to a 3-year term and can be re-elected up to 3 terms in succession.
Both of the major parties held primaries to determine their nominees.
In a crowded primary of several prominent Republicans eying the nomination, moderate former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani was the early front runner.
Local elections will be held in the Province of Zambales in the Philippines on May 13, 2013 as part of the 2013 general election.
The 2006 United States Senate election in Washington was held on November 7, 2006.
The 2018 Maine gubernatorial election will take place on November 6, 2018.
Maine has voted Democratic since 1992, and is the only state other than Nebraska to split its electoral votes.
The state legislature chose 11 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
As a result many cities and counties elected opposite lists for mayoral and council elections causing a larger amount of cohabitation local governments.
Both the Western mayors and provincial Premiers who had visited King with requests of relief were overwhelmingly Liberal-Conservative: in the Premiers' case, seven out of nine.
The Independence Party remained the largest party, winning 25 of the 63 seats.
Kekkonen also championed a non-partisan democracy that would be neither a social democracy nor a people's democracy.
Voters chose eight representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
General elections were held in Cambodia in 1955.
The 1970 United States Senate election in Vermont took place on November 3, 1970.
The Indian general election, 2014 polls in Haryana for 10 Lok Sabha seats will be held in a single phases on 10 April 2014.
In terms of votes they were only narrowly ahead of the Conservatives, but still had a comfortable lead in terms of seats.
The election was held on November 6, 1956 and resulted in a victory for the Democratic nominee, Lt.
The Socialists' Party of Catalonia also fared badly, obtaining the worst result in its history.
Voters chose four representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
A municipal census conducted in 2009 showed a population of 782,439, meaning approximately 76.2% of the population was eligible to vote.
Though Murkowski was held to a lower vote percentage than he received six years prior, he was ultimately re-elected.
The results were delayed on several occasions, but were finalized on October 31.
Despite the Diefenbaker government's difficulties, the Liberal Party, led by Lester Pearson, was unable to make up enough ground in the election to defeat the government.
An election to Essex County Council took place on 4 June 2009 as part of the United Kingdom local elections, 2009.
The 1838 New York gubernatorial election was held from November 5 to 7, 1838, to elect the Governor and Lieutenant Governor of New York.
Republican Party of Minnesota candidate Luther Youngdahl defeated Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party challenger Harry H. Peterson.
The 2012 Elections for the Illinois House of Representatives was conducted on Tuesday, November 6, 2012.
In the middle of the Great Depression, voters strongly backed Roosevelt's New Deal and his allies in the Senate.
It was the first time that a sitting Northern Territory government was defeated after only one term.
The 1790 United States House of Representatives elections in New York were held from April 27 to 29, 1790, to elect six U.S.
The Conservatives increased their majority on the Council from 10 to a comfortable 36 seats.
On March 5, 2016, in the presidential primaries, voters expressed their preferences for the Democratic and Republican parties' respective nominees for President.
On 16 September 1668, King John II Casimir abdicated the Polish–Lithuanian throne.
In an upset, state Treasurer Jack Markell defeated Lieutenant Governor John Carney by 51 to 49% for the Democratic nomination on September 9.
The government parties and the opposition SPD renominated incumbent Theodor Heuss.
This was the last mayoral election for Los Angeles in which a Republican candidate won.
Florida voters chose 21 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President.
Montana voted for the Republican nominee, Vice President George H. W. Bush, over the Democratic nominee, Massachusetts governor Michael Dukakis.
The 1986 United States Senate election in North Carolina was held on November 8, 1986 as part of the nationwide elections to the Senate.
His term officially started with a swearing-in ceremony held on May 28.
General elections were held in Haiti on 28 November 2010, having originally been scheduled for 28 February.
The result brought to an end 16 years of Liberal Democrat rule to a Conservative controlled administration.
The result was a landslide victory for the opposition New National Party, which won all 15 seats.
Hence, several constituencies have been left unrepresented at various times.
He had stood in the same seat, Oldham, in a by-election the previous year, but had lost.
Vermont voted for the Anti-Masonic Party candidate, William Wirt, over the National Republican candidate, Henry Clay, and the Democratic Party candidate, Andrew Jackson.
The 2006 United States Senate election in Ohio was held on November 7, 2006.
Trump was heavily favored to win the state.
Voters chose four representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
An election to Laois County Council took place on 10 June 1999 as part of that year's Irish local elections.
The Louisiana gubernatorial election, 1888, was the second election to take place under the Louisiana Constitution of 1879.
The 1828 United States presidential election in Maine took place between October 31 and December 2, 1828, as part of the 1828 United States presidential election.
This was immediately contested by Augustus the Strong, who declared himself the new monarch.
He ran on an "Independent Country Party" ticket and won his seat of Lismore.
Clinton became the first Democrat since Franklin D. Roosevelt to win re-election after serving a full term.
The Fourth National Parliamentary Elections 1988 were held in Bangladesh on 3 March 1988.
Republican Trent Lott won the open seat.
Republican nominee Paul Laxalt won the open seat.
The United States presidential election of 1864 was the 20th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 8, 1864.
On March 5 and 6, 2016, in the caucuses, voters expressed their preferences for the Republican, Democratic, and Green parties' respective nominees for President.
Incumbent President George Washington was elected to a second term by a unanimous vote in the electoral college.
Eisenhower ran with incumbent Vice President Richard Nixon, and Stevenson ran with Tennessee Senator, and principal opponent during the 1956 Democratic Primaries, Estes Kefauver.
The 1980 United States presidential election in Oklahoma took place on November 4, 1980.
Primary elections were held on November 8, 2011, with the Democrats selecting state senator Suzanne Bonamici and the Republicans selecting businessman Rob Cornilles.
An election to North Tipperary County Council took place on 27 June 1991 as part of that year's Irish local elections.
The result was an extremely narrow victory for Riley.
Perhaps due to the apparent inevitability of a win for Turia, only around 32% of Te Tai Hauauru voters cast ballots.
Modi resigned due to widespread allegations that he had taken insufficient action to prevent the riots that took place a few months earlier.
Governor Glendening emerged victorious from the Democratic primary after defeating several candidates.
A leadership election was held by the United Malays National Organisation party on 24 April 1987.
Voters chose 42 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Compulsory voting for federal elections was introduced in 1924 and first used in the 1925 elections, where 91% of the electorate cast a vote.
25 of the 28 elected seats in the Autonomous District Council are reserved for Scheduled Tribes.
All 135 seats in the Parliament were up for election.
8 seats by Sarawak Progressive Democratic Party
As with the previous election, the Prohibitionist candidate polled lowly but polled enough that if their votes went either way, the race would have been changed.
No Republican presidential nominee had won the State of Washington in 20 years.
Municipal councilors and mayors ordinarily serve a terms of five years.
According to the Constitution, the president is elected directly for a four-year term, with a limit of two consecutive terms.
Baucus advanced to the general election, where he was opposed by Larry R. Williams, an author and the Republican nominee.
Run-off elections were held a week later, on 20 June 1882.
This was the last time that the state of Michigan would be won by a Republican presidential candidate until 2016.
Senator David L. Boren decided to resign his position to accept the position as President of the University of Oklahoma, which prompted a special election.
Campbell Martin and Dr Jean Turner both lost their seats, and Dennis Canavan and Brian Monteith retired.
An election to Warwickshire County Council took place on 2 May 2013 as part of the United Kingdom local elections, 2013.
Salmond won the election by 486 votes to 186, a larger-than-expected margin.
Parliamentary elections were held in Iceland on 12 May 2007.
Representatives from the state of Louisiana, one from each of the state's six congressional districts.
The Alliance, a left-wing party, gained fourth place.
Incumbent Governor of Montana Sam C. Ford, who was first elected Governor in 1940 and was re-elected in 1944, ran for re-election.
In addition both Granard Town Council and Longford Town Council were abolished.
This was the first electoral victory for the Congress in the presidency since elections were first conducted for Madras Legislative Council in 1920.
The municipal election was held on October 25, 2010 to elect a mayor and 44 city councillors in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Bourassa had called the election after only three years, well before the five-year maximum possible term.
New Jersey was won by Governor Bill Clinton with 42.95% of the popular vote over incumbent President George H.W.
A federal election was held on Saturday, 21 August 2010 for members of the 43rd Parliament of Australia.
However, this time the election was won by the People's Party, which gained control of the region for the first time.
Soon after, Nebraska followed suit and laid the foundation for other states to adopt measures reflecting the people's will.
He received almost 18 million more popular votes than McGovern, the widest margin of any United States presidential election.
Frederick W. A. G. Haultain was still the first premier of the NWT.
Rubio went on to win the election with 49% of the vote to Crist's 30% and Meek's 20%.
Parliamentary elections were held in Mali on 24 November 2013.
General elections were held in Singapore on 10 April 1951 to elect nine seats on the Legislative Council, up from six seats in the 1948 elections.
A double referendum was held in Egypt on 23 June 1956.
Elections were not held in the special municipalities of Taipei and Kaohsiung until November 2002.
The election resulted in an equal 50–50 split between Republicans and Democrats, meaning the Vice President would cast the tie-breaking votes in organizing the Senate.
Both parties had an anti-clerical agenda and aimed to reverse policies of the Catholic government regarding private schools.
President Donald Trump of the Republican Party, who was elected in 2016, will be eligible to seek re-election.
Reagan's strongest county was suburban Plymouth County, where he took 60.2% of the vote.
The projected share of the vote was Conservatives 40%, Labour 29%, Liberal-SDP Alliance 27%.
Harrison died little more than a month after his inauguration.
As of 2017, this is the last occasion Washington County has voted for the Republican nominee.
This was the third time a president was returned unopposed, following Seán T. O'Kelly in 1952, and Patrick Hillery in 1983.
The outgoing Mayor of Rome, Walter Veltroni faced center-right candidate Gianni Alemanno who was chosen to head his coalition.
The British Labour Party leadership election of 1961 was held when, for the second year in succession, the incumbent leader was challenged for re-election.
The main candidates were Geraldo Alckmin, Aloízio Mercadante, Celso Russomanno, Paulo Skaf, Fabio Feldmann.
Humphrey's strongest county by vote share was urban Essex County, where he received 51.9% of the vote to Nixon's 39.2%.
The 10th National People's Congress was in session from 2003 to 2008.
The Opposition Party included members of the Whig Party, the People's Party of Indiana, Anti-Nebraska candidates, and members of the nascent Republican Party.
At the same time, a vacancy was filled in the 11th United States Congress.
Like all previous elections to the Parliament of Northern Ireland, it produced a large majority for the Ulster Unionist Party.
Incumbent Republican John E. Weeks ran successfully for re-election to a second term as Governor of Vermont, defeating Democratic candidate Harry C. Shurtleff.
The Missouri Lieutenant gubernatorial election, 2008 was held on November 4, 2008 to elect the Lieutenant Governor of Missouri.
Among a total of 490 members in the 18 District Boards, 132 were directly elected by the general public.
Senator Robert Byrd won re-election to a seventh term.
Republican candidate Urban A. Woodbury defeated Democratic candidate George W. Smith to succeed him.
The SPS formed a government with New Democracy, which had run as part of the Democratic Movement of Serbia coalition.
It was held on 1 May 1923.
The result was an eleventh straight victory for the Botswana Democratic Party, which won 37 of the 57 elected seats.
The Ontario general election, 1919 was the 15th general election held in the Province of Ontario, Canada.
The United States presidential election of 1940 was the 39th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 5, 1940.
Bush won the highest populated county, Yellowstone County with exactly 59% of the vote.
The 1813 New York gubernatorial election was held in April 1813 to elect the Governor and Lieutenant Governor of New York.
Incumbent Governor Mike Huckabee, a Republican, was unable to seek another term due to term limits.
The 26th Saskatchewan general election was held on November 7, 2007; the writ was dropped on October 10, 2007.
Voter turnout was 93.56%, discounting overseas votes.
Maryland was won by Vice President George H.W.
As these elections were prior to ratification of the seventeenth amendment, Senators were chosen by State legislatures.
Since the previous election, Liberal Democrat councillor Frank Taylor had defected to an Independent leaving the Liberal Democrats with 44 councillors.
Darwin's northern suburbs are somewhat more diverse than the rest of the city, and were on paper friendlier to Labor than the rest of the capital.
After that, the candidate of The People of Freedom seemed a shoo-in for victory.
Municipal elections in Minnesota are nonpartisan, although candidates were able to identify with a political party on the ballot.
Being the home state of both major party candidates in 1904, New York State's results were relatively close despite Roosevelt's nationwide landslide.
Bush ran with Indiana Senator Dan Quayle as Vice President, and Dukakis ran with Texas Senator Lloyd Bentsen.
The United Kingdom general election of 1895 was held between 13 July and 7 August 1895.
The 1968 United States presidential election in California refers to how California participated in the 1968 United States presidential election.
In the end, Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama won Michigan by a larger-than-expected margin of victory: 57.33% - 40.89%.
Its new leader Robert Hue campaigned against "king money" and wanted to represent a renewed communism.
Marmaduke died in 1887 and was replaced for the remainder of this term by Lt. Gov.
It was held to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia.
As a result, they were consigned to Official Opposition status for another term.
Republican Craig L. Thomas won the open seat.
Thomas Campbell won a second term in office, winning a full majority of the popular vote for the first time in three consecutive elections.
The European Parliament election of 2004 in Austria was the election of MEP representing Austria constituency for the 2004-2009 term of the European Parliament.
Local elections were held in Cambodia on 3 June 2012.
The election was won by Lee Myung-bak of the Grand National Party, returning conservatives to the Blue House for the first time in ten years.
[4] Expectedly, the Government lasted the full term of 5 years and the tenure of the Legislative Assembly was due to expire on 30 May 2009.
The European Parliament election of 2004 in Greece for the election of the delegation from Greece to the European Parliament took place on June 13.
Senator Ted Kennedy won re-election to his third full term.
Local elections was held in Manila on May 13, 2013 within the Philippine general election.
The election was triggered by the resignation of the sitting MP, Liberal Democrat Chris Huhne, which took effect on 5 February 2013.
He died three days later on February 2.
General elections were held in Bolivia on 18 December 2005.
North Carolina voted for the Democratic Party candidate, Andrew Jackson, over the National Republican candidate, Henry Clay.
Following Senator Joe Lieberman's retirement from the Senate in 2013, King became the second Independent incumbent Senator, after Vermont's Bernie Sanders.
It was held on June 28, 1926 to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta.
Voting took place in all 52 federal constituencies of Malaya, each electing one Federal Councillor to the Federal Legislative Council.
Nebraska voters chose 5 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President.
The result was a victory for the Jatiya Party, which won 251 of the 300 seats.
This presidential election marked the first time since 1944 when both party's presidential candidates had New York as their home state.
Democrat Gray Davis defeated Republican Bill Simon by 5% and was re-elected to a second four-year term as Governor of California.
The election followed the impeachment of incumbent President Albert Zafy and the appointment of his interim successor, Norbert Ratsirahonana.
The Wairau by-election 1875 was a by-election held in the Wairau electorate in the Marlborough Province during the 5th New Zealand Parliament, on 21 June 1875.
The second round of elections was very tense.
Despite setbacks, the people had faith in the New Deal and elected leaders who supported its measures.
Labor also lost Hawkesbury, Ryde and Kogarah to the Liberal Party and Mudgee and Dubbo to the Country Party.
Stevenson narrowly won New York City overall by carrying the boroughs of Manhattan, Brooklyn, and the Bronx, while Eisenhower won Queens and Staten Island.
The incumbent Liberal and Democratic Union government led by Premier of South Australia Archibald Peake was defeated by the United Labor Party led by John Verran.
Clinton ultimately won the national vote, defeating incumbent President Bush and Perot.
Prior to the runoff, advanced polls were open from November 24 to the 26th.
The Vermont gubernatorial election of 1888 took place on September 4, 1888.
Trump ended that tradition and won Elliott County handily with 2,000 votes to Clinton's 740, or 70%-26%.
The 87 delegates represented Georgia at the Democratic National Convention in Denver, Colorado.
Instead, every candidate – all of them Democrats – ran together in the general election.
Elections were held in the state of Western Australia on 26 March 1927 to elect all 50 members to the Legislative Assembly.
Voters chose 4 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
The primary vote was counted on seats contested, while the two-party vote was estimated for all seats.
Local government elections took place in London, and some other parts of the United Kingdom on Thursday 13 May 1971.
The Portuguese legislative election of 1999 took place on 10 October.
In fact, over 12,000 more votes were cast in the Democratic Primary than there were in the general election.
The series of presidential primary elections and caucuses are likely to be held during the first six months of 2020.
He won all but three counties and one congressional district in the state.
The Conservative Party of Prime Minister Sir John A. Macdonald retained power, defeating the Liberal Party of Edward Blake.
An election to Cork County Council took place on 5 June 2009 as part of that year's Irish local elections.
The United States presidential election of 1788–89 was the first quadrennial presidential election.
It coincided with the reelection of President George W. Bush.
This was the first election held under the Spanish Constitution of 1876 and the new electoral law of 1878, which re-established censitary suffrage.
The Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party won a majority of seats, remaining the majority party, followed by the Independent-Republicans of Minnesota.
Parliamentary elections in North Korea, creating the 13th Supreme People's Assembly, were held on 9 March 2014.
The Republicans nominated State Senator and perennial candidate for higher office Jim Oberweis.
The Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, suffering from a strong loss of popular support, lost 9 seats together with the absolute majority it had achieved in 1983.
To date is also the last time the state voted for a losing Democratic presidential candidate.
The election was won by Wellington Central MP Peter Fraser.
Reagan also urged his fellow Republicans to consider holding a national convention sometime in 1975 to rebuild the party however no such convention was ever held.
UK Independence Party came second, and increased its vote by 36 percentage points since the previous general election.
No single party obtained a simple majority to form an independent Government.
Former state representative Jim Abeler, the Republican nominee, won the special election.
The 1986 United States Senate election in Oregon was held on November 8, 1986.
But on by-election night Labour inflicted a stunning defeat on National, reducing the Government majority from six to four, and shaking party confidence.
The election was conducted by the Electoral Commission of South Australia, an independent body answerable to Parliament.
Local elections were held in the United Kingdom in 1982.
Although Svinhufvud disapproved of the Lapua Movement's violent kidnappings of left-wing politicians and other illegal acts, he was their preferred presidential candidate.
The by-election was called after the resignation of the sitting MLA Bezawada Gopala Reddy.
Bush won Alaska by a margin of 9.2%.
These were the second elections held to the 53 district councils established by the Local Government Act 1973.
The 2012 Hawaii State Senate Elections were held on November 6, 2012.
Mississippi voters chose 7 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President.
Hepburn resigned and was eventually succeeded by Harry Nixon in early 1943.
The Agrarians only chose Lauri Kristian Relander as their presidential candidate in early February 1925.
The Alliance de L'Avenir was allotted 4 additional seats whereas the Alliance du Coeur obtained 2 additional seats.
The national projected share of the vote was Conservative 39%, Labour 38%, Social and Liberal Democrats 18%.
78 councillors were elected from 75 electoral divisions, which returned either one or two county councillors each by first-past-the-post voting for a four-year term of office.
Thus, the special election was held while he was still in office.
José María Figueres of the National Liberation Party won the presidential election, whilst his party also won the parliamentary election.
Voters chose twenty-three representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Voters chose four representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Since Vietnam is a single-party state, the ruling Communist Party of Vietnam is guaranteed to win a majority.
Voters chose 4 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Senator Claiborne Pell successfully sought re-election, defeating Republican Barbara M. Leonard.
The 1996 Montana gubernatorial election took place on November 5, 1996.
The Free Democratic Party emerged as the largest party in the National Council, winning 60 of the 189 seats.
Senators have been Democrats since 1977, which is partly the reason Reagan lost, albeit very narrowly.
Labor needed five seats to win an outright majority.
The Whigs split; the majority renominating Robert Charles Winthrop of Massachusetts but the southern Whigs split off to support Meredith Poindexter Gentry of Tennessee.
The 1913 election for Mayor of Los Angeles took place on May 6, 1913, with a run-off election on June 3, 1913.
The 2006 United States Senate election in Tennessee was held on November 7, 2006.
Schmid resigned on 12 November 2008 after a number of controversies, officially citing health and personal reasons.
Vermont is the home state of United States presidential candidate and anti-war advocate Howard Dean, its former governor.
The outbreak of the war led to its delay and eventual abandonment in response to the rise of Sinn Féin.
Both major parties courted general Dwight Eisenhower, the most popular general of World War II.
The 2000 United States Senate election in Michigan was held on November 7, 2000.
The Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly election of 1983 took place in January 1983 in 294 constituencies in Andhra Pradesh, India.
General elections were held in Costa Rica on February 5, 2006.
Parliamentary elections were held in Yemen on 27 April 1993, the first after Yemeni unification.
The primary election was held August 26, 2008.
The result saw Don Siegelman win a decisive victory over Fob James.
This marks the first time since Reconstruction that Republicans hold both Senate seats in Arkansas, and where the Arkansas congressional delegation is entirely Republican.
The 2000 United States Senate election in Indiana was held on November 7, 2000.
The 2004 Hong Kong Legislative Council election was held on 12 September 2004 for members of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong.
Elections of police and crime commissioners in England and Wales were held on 5 May 2016.
The Canadian federal election of 1945 was the 20th general election in Canadian history.
Seventeen nobles jointly elect the three representatives of Tongatapu and the single representative of ʻEua, from within the same pool of nobles.
It ignored the slavery issue and focused on pushing for reduced immigration, especially from Catholic areas of Ireland and Germany.
Obama was born in Hawaii and McCain was born at Coco Solo Naval Air Station in the Panama Canal Zone.
Incumbent Democratic governor Francis R. Shunk defeated Whig candidate James Irvin to win re-election.
It was thus the first time a general election in Zimbabwe had been conducted under the administration of that country's authorities.
Sirisena was declared the winner after receiving 51.28% of all votes cast compared to Rajapaksa's 47.58%.
The 2002 Illinois gubernatorial election pitted Congressman Rod Blagojevich against Illinois Attorney General Jim Ryan.
Senator Daniel Akaka won re-election to his second full term.
The elections took place on the same day as other local elections in 2010.
The Socialist Party of Serbia emerged as the largest party in the National Assembly, winning 123 of the 250 seats.
Elections were held in the state of Western Australia between 27 April and 26 May 1897 to elect 44 members to the Western Australian Legislative Assembly.
Sebelius roundly defeated Barnett and cruised to re-election, which was quite a considerable feat for a Democrat in staunchly conservative Kansas.
All 125 seats in the House of Representatives, and all 64 seats in the Senate, were up for election, following a double dissolution.
The 2018 California gubernatorial election will be held on November 6, 2018, to elect the Governor of California.
The challenger was Elijah Hamlin, of the Whig party who was the brother of future Vice President of the United States under Abraham Lincoln, Hannibal Hamlin.
A record number of 3.2 million people registered to vote in the election.
This was also the only election at which a third party gained more votes than both the Liberal Party and the National Party considered separately.
His second inauguration for a first full four-year term began on January 21, 2003 on the Texas State Capitol South Grounds.
President Ma resigned from his post as Chairperson of the Chinese Nationalist Party in the days following the election.
Since 2008, Assembly proceedings have been broadcast live on the internet.
The result was a victory for Rodrigues Alves of the Republican Party of São Paulo, who received 91.7% of the vote.
The contest in Virginia was very close and Cleveland narrowly won the state by a margin of just 0.53%.
He was the only candidate to file before the deadline and as such he was unopposed in the Republican primary election and in the general election.
Mississippi voted for Andrew Jackson over John Quincy Adams, William H. Crawford and Henry Clay.
As Tuđman received a majority of the valid votes cast on election day there was no need for a run-off.
The Alberta Liberal Party lost four seats, only returning interim leader David Swann to the Legislative Assembly.
Voters chose 38 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
The 1992 United States presidential election in Delaware took place on November 3, 1992, as part of the 1992 United States presidential election.
Vermont would weigh in as a whopping 34% more Republican than the national average in the 1932 election.
On 16 and 17 January the public elected presidential electors to an electoral college.
Alabama has voted for the Republican candidate in every election since it was won by Ronald Reagan in 1980.
Young was the only statewide official in Alaska who was re-elected in 2014, as Republican Governor Sean Parnell and Democratic U.S.
Originally, the election had been scheduled to be held in September 2011, but was postponed amid concerns that established parties would gain undue advantage.
This was the first time since the inaugural presidential election after the military dictatorship that he did not run for president.
This made it the first time that Georgia had voted Democratic since 1980, when it voted for Jimmy Carter, who was the former Governor.
Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, the incumbent mayor, did not run for reelection.
The 1994 Basque regional election was held on Sunday, 23 October 1994, to elect the 5th Parliament of the Basque Autonomous Community.
Senator Dianne Feinstein won re-election to her first full term.
The 1976 United States Senate election in Minnesota took place on November 2, 1976.
The 1996 Tennessee United States Senate election was held on November 5, 1996 to select the U.S.
At the election, the Nationalist Party lost four seats and Labor lost one seat.
United States gubernatorial elections were held on 3 November 1970, in 35 states and two territories.
The result was a victory for the Republican People's Party, which won 395 of the 465 seats.
The elections were held following the peace established at the 1954 Geneva Conference and the independence of the country.
Walter Lee was voted leader, and became the next Premier in October 1923; and Hayes was appointed to the Australian Senate.
Brown failed to win a seat in either body, and the national Liberals remained officially leaderless until 1873.
He is said to be rather modest but independently minded.
The decision came after what Stephen referred to as "months of political deadlock".
Voters chose 28 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
All 350 seats in the Congress of Deputies were up for election, as well as all 207 seats in the Senate.
Reagan won by a wide 17.02% margin, a particularly strong performance in this conservative leaning state.
The Democratic nominee, Chad Taylor, withdrew from the race.
Reflecting the closeness of the statewide result, Ford and Carter virtually split New Jersey's 21 counties: Ford won 11 counties to Carter's 10.
Voters expressed their preferences for the Democratic party's nominee via caucus on March 5, 2016.
An election to Northamptonshire County Council took place on 2 May 2013 as part of the United Kingdom local elections, 2013.
Nixon’s 45.28 percent stood 1.86 percent above his national figure and Humphrey’s 42.65 percent a trifling 0.07 percent below his national total.
The Broad Front also maintained its majority in the Chamber of Deputies, winning 50 of the 99 seats.
The voter turnout reached 54.4%, the highest in 15 years.
The election saw significant losses for the Ulster Unionist Party, though they retained their majority.
King's campaign was the epitome of Murphy's law: every campaign stop appeared to meet the Prime Minister with some kind of mishap.
The Ontario general election, 1937 was held on October 6, 1937, to elect the 90 Members of the 20th Legislative Assembly of Ontario.
Within the Provincial Assemblies 38 were reserved for White voters.
Barangays are the smallest local government unit in the Philippines.
Virginia voted for the Democratic candidate, former United States Minister to the United Kingdom James Buchanan over the American candidate, former President Millard Fillmore.
These elections took place in 137 English Local Authorities and all Welsh Councils.
The primaries were held on March 1.
These midterm elections occurred 19 months after President Harry S. Truman assumed office upon the death of Franklin D. Roosevelt.
However, there was little doubt that Kennedy, an Irish Catholic born in Brookline, Massachusetts, would be able to carry Massachusetts in his presidential run.
The result was a victory for Hamas, who won with 74 seats of the 132 seats, whilst the ruling Fatah won just 45.
Fine Gael remained the largest party in terms of votes while having the same seats as Fianna Fáil.
The British Columbia general election of 1986 was the 34th general election in the Province of British Columbia, Canada.
Hughes and Fairbanks defeated the Democratic nominees, incumbent President Woodrow Wilson of New Jersey and his running mate incumbent Vice President Thomas R. Marshall of Indiana.
The Town of Blackfalds and the Municipal District of Taber each surpassed the 7,000-mark and the Town of Wainwright grew beyond 6,000.
After the handover, the 1994 elected District Boards transformed into 18 Provisional District Boards with the reintroduction of the appointed seats by Chief Executive Tung Chee-hwa.
The Nevada gubernatorial election of 1970 occurred on November 3, 1970.
The result was a swing against Özal's former party in favour of its fierce centre-right rival, the True Path Party led by Süleyman Demirel.
Only one candidate stood for the Deputy Leadership, Adrian Ramsay, leader of the Green group on Norwich City Council.
The presidential elections were won by Miguel de la Madrid, who received 74.3% of the vote.
In the 22-seat South Australian Legislative Council, the balance of power has been continuously held by the crossbench since the 1975 electoral reforms.
It was easily the biggest majority that Labor had ever won in Victoria, and one of Labor's best-ever performances at the state level in Australia.
The 1930 United States Senate election in Alabama was held on November 4, 1930.
Republican nominee Jon Kyl won the open seat.
Saskatchewan was the only province to lose multiple seats in the redistribution.
Roxas and the Liberals won the elections leaving the Nacionalistas in the minority in both houses of Congress.
The election coincided with the 2008 U.S. presidential election.
This was her first term in office.
Senator Frank Moss ran for re-election to a fourth term but was defeated by his Republican opponent Orrin Hatch.
As of 2016, this is the last time that the Democratic nominee carried North Carolina.
Mitt Romney came in first with 39 percent of the vote, followed by John McCain with 30 percent and Mike Huckabee in third-place with 16 percent.
Turnout for the 2006 election was down 8.5% from 2002 and down 2.7% from 1998.
The Protectionist minority government fell in November 1908 to Labour, a few days before Reid resigned as Anti-Socialist leader, who was replaced by Joseph Cook.
Legislative election was held in France on 10 November 1946 to elect the first National Assembly of the Fourth Republic.
The Kentucky gubernatorial election of 1899 was held on November 7, 1899, to choose the 33rd governor of Kentucky.
The election was also marked with exceptionally low voter turnout, falling below 60% for the first time since 1918.
Representatives, fourteen were re-elected; of those who were not, one did not seek re-election, while four unsuccessfully sought re-election.
There are 70 constituency seats and at least 50 additional seats to be filled, making up a total of seats of at least 120.
The 1842 New York gubernatorial election was held on November 8, 1842 to elect the Governor and Lieutenant Governor of New York.
This meant that the two Democratic Party primaries held on these dates were the real contest over who would be governor.
The elections coincided with the elections of other federal and state offices, including a quadrennial presidential election.
An election for the leadership of the Social Democratic and Labour Party was held on 4–5 November 2011.
Businessman Ross Perot finished in third with 13.66% of the popular vote.
The gubernatorial election in Washington, 2008 elected the Governor of Washington on November 4, 2008.
Elections were held in the Australian state of Queensland on 29 March 1941 to elect the 62 members of the state's Legislative Assembly.
North Carolina voted for Andrew Jackson over William H. Crawford, Henry Clay, and John Quincy Adams.
The lists admitted were controlled by the Front of National Unity, in turn controlled by the Polish United Workers' Party.
The TDP secured a huge majority winning 202 seats.
Republicans have won Montana in every presidential election since 1996.
She announced her resignation on the morning of 22 November 1990, ending more than 15 years as Conservative leader and 11 years as prime minister.
The Conservative Party won just 8 Assembly seats, its worst-ever performance in a London Assembly election.
The Republicans nominated former Lieutenant Governor Duke Aiona and pastor and former circuit court judge Elwin Ahu.
The Labour Party gained overall control of the council from no overall control.
The California gubernatorial election, 1966 was held on November 8, 1966.
Warren G. Harding received 31.37 percent of the vote.
While Hoover won the last election by a landslide victory margin of 17.4%, Roosevelt won this election by 17.7%.
Furthermore, the Nationals were reduced to a total of ten seats in the Legislative Assembly and Legislative Council, one short of official status in the legislature.
The Democrats retained a majority in the House.
The 138 newly elected members of the 12th Dáil assembled on 9 June when the new Taoiseach and government were appointed.
Philippe Couillard was elected on the first ballot.
All 50 states and the District of Columbia, were part of the 1984 United States presidential election.
The 1942 Maine gubernatorial election took place on September 14, 1942.
Senator Dan Coats decided to retire instead of seeking a second full term.
For the first time legislative elections were held simultaneously with the presidential election.
Voters chose three representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
616 candidates contested for the 140 constituencies in the Assembly.
They then used pens to mark "yes" or "no".
Presidential elections were held by the Electoral College of Pakistan on 1 January 2004.
The 2008 election was won by the Barisan Nasional coalition winning 59 out 60 seats.
The arrest of one candidate was ordered ahead of the election.
Queen Anne, disliking the Junto and sensing that the government could not survive long, gradually replaced it with a Tory ministry throughout the summer of 1710.
The presidential contest in Alabama was not a surprise, with Bush winning 47.65% to 40.88% over Governor Bill Clinton, a margin of 7.77%.
Republican campaign manager Mark Hanna pioneered many modern campaign techniques, facilitated by a $3.5 million budget.
The resident voters will elect for the elective local posts in the city: the mayor, vice mayor, the one congressman, and twelve councilors.
West Virginia voters chose 6 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President of the United States.
Voters chose 4 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
The ministry was a coalition between the ULP led by Price, and the liberal group led by Peake.
The Republican Convention chose New York Governor Theodore Roosevelt as McKinley's running mate, since Vice-President Garret Hobart had died from heart failure in 1899.
These were the first free, multi-party elections held in Croatia since 1938, and the first such elections for the Croatian Parliament since 1913.
The United People's Freedom Alliance's domination of Sri Lankan elections continued as expected.
Reagan won the election nationally by a landslide.
The remaining two territories of Pakistan, the Azad Kashmir and Gilgit-Baltistan, were ineligible to vote due to their disputed status.
Nominations for the by-election closed on 15 June 2004.
Democrat James Fairman Fielder defeated Republican nominee Edward C. Stokes with 46.13% of the vote.
Prior to the election, a new party formed.
Kim rejected the notion of separate elections, and split from the National Alliance for the Rapid Realization of Korean Independence to form the Korea Independence Party.
Labor had a decisive win in the 1937 election, one that would see the Nationalist Party in opposition until 1969.
General elections were held in Belize on 4 November 2015 to elect members of the House of Representatives.
Norm Coleman of Minnesota lost to Al Franken
The pro-Russian Socialist Party, composed of former communists, emerged as the winner of the 2014 elections and the strongest party in Parliament, gaining 20.51% of votes.
Richardson planned to retire from politics, having been removed as Minister of Finance the previous year.
Lynch had been party leader for thirteen years and Taoiseach for over nine years.
The result was such a surprise so as to cause the Joseph Rowntree Reform Trust to commission a report to study the campaign.
The UK Independence Party lost its only Scottish Councillor who had defected from the Conservatives in 2008.
Third candidate, James Louis Sobieski, expressed his support of Conti.
Parliamentary elections were held in the Socialist Republic of Croatia between 22 and 23 April 1990; the second round of voting occurred on 6–7 May.
After 1699, the junto ministry gradually disintegrated to be replaced by a largely Tory government, which was securely in power by the autumn of 1700.
This election saw Sunni Arab parties lose a number of seats to minority parties.
All 50 states and the District of Columbia, were part of the 1988 United States presidential election.
However, legislation was enacted at Quinn's request to allow the general election to coincide with municipal general elections held on April 9.
In the first round, incumbent Georgi Parvanov received 64% of the vote, ahead of nationalist leader Volen Siderov who came second with 21.5%.
Texas was won by Kansas Senator Bob Dole, who was running against incumbent United States President Bill Clinton of Arkansas.
It took place among the 2014 U.S. elections, which saw Republicans make sweeping gains in federal, state and local offices across the country.
As these elections were prior to ratification of the seventeenth amendment, Senators were chosen by state legislatures.
All 200 members of the Chamber of Deputies will be elected and the leader of the resultant government will become the Prime Minister.
The New York gubernatorial election of 2006 was a race for the governorship of this U.S. state.
Daniel Webster of the Republican Party and former Speaker Nancy Pelosi of the Democratic Party were also declared candidates.
Romney became the first presidential candidate from any party since West Virginia’s admission to the Union in 1863 to sweep every single county in the state.
In Texas's 14th congressional district no one challenged incumbent Ron Paul.
Its rival, the TDP won only in 2 Lok Sabha constituencies.
The 1984 United States presidential election in Texas took place on November 6, 1984.
Also, the members of the National Congress are elected by state.
It was also the first presidential election in which the state voted for a Republican candidate and would not occur again until 1928.
The Conservatives gained 110 seats, giving them 10,557 councillors.
It is also notable because only two states switched parties in the electoral vote from the preceding election.
Independent candidate James G. Banks surprised many by taking second place, ahead of William R. Phillips and Statehood Party candidate Anton V. Wood.
Incumbent Governor Jim Edgar carried 101 of the state's 102 counties.
They were Ellen Melville in Grey Lynn, Rosetta Baume in Parnell, and Mrs Aileen Cooke in Thames.
All 55 seats in the City Council were up for election.
The Goiânia mayoral election of 2012 was held on 7 October as part of the municipal elections in Brazil.
As of 2016, this is the last Senate election in Minnesota won by a Republican.
The voters will elect for the elective local posts in the city: the mayor, vice mayor, and ten councilors.
The National Party, led by John Vorster won a landslide victory in the House of Assembly.
Incumbent Delegate Gregorio Sablan, who has held the seat since its creation in 2009, was re-elected.
The 1812 United States presidential election in Pennsylvania took place as part of the 1812 United States presidential election.
California gained one seat as a result of the 1890 Census, which was won by the Populist Party.
Prince Mansour bin Turki bin Abdulaziz Al-Saud expressed the hope that women would be able to vote in the 2009 elections.
Ultimately, Harkin was successful in his bid, and defeated Lightfoot, albeit by the thinnest margin of his career.
The Alagoas gubernatorial election was held on October 3, 2010 and October 31, 2010 to elect the next Governor of Alagoas.
The Progressive Conservative Party of Peter Lougheed won its third consecutive term in government.
The 1989 European Parliamentary Election was a European election held across the 12 European Community member states in June 1989.
Manchin was reelected by a large margin.
Joseph William Martin, Jr., Republican of Massachusetts, became Speaker of the House, exchanging places with Sam Rayburn, Democrat of Texas, who became the new Minority Leader.
This replaced the previous Conservative-Lib Dem-Independent coalition which existed from 2007-2012.
Senator Hugh Scott won re-election, defeating Democratic nominee William Sesler.
All 50 states and The District of Columbia were part of the 1980 United States presidential election.
The results of the elections were disputed by main opposition parties, including the United Party for National Development, which many observers claimed had won the elections.
The 1828 United States presidential election in Missouri took place between October 31 and December 2, 1828, as part of the 1828 United States presidential election.
The winner in each of Georgia's 13 congressional districts was awarded all of that district's delegates, totaling 57.
The 2010 Brazilian parliamentary election was held on Sunday, October 3, as part of the country's general election.
The 2010 United States Senate election in Utah took place on November 2, 2010 along with other midterm elections throughout the United States.
While Truman's early months in the White House had been plagued with questions of "What would Roosevelt do if he were alive?"
Ventura governed with a DFL-controlled state Senate and a Republican-controlled state House.
The Liberal Party of Saskatchewan, under its new leader – Charles A. Dunning – won its sixth consecutive victory, and continued to dominate the legislature.
The Liberal Party gained 306 seats and finished with 1,455 councillors.
However, an advisory opinion by the Maine Supreme Judicial Court holding that ranked choice voting would be unconstitutional has made the format of the election uncertain.
No Democrat filed to run against him as he won every single county and city in the state with over 60% of the vote.
An election to the County Council of London took place on 5 March 1913.
Nomination of 5,200 of candidates, mostly Reformists, were rejected by the Guardian Council and 612 individuals withdrew.
Voters chose eight representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
He beat Republican George Kariotis by a 65–30% margin.
Consequently, Obama and other nominees removed their names from the ballot yet Clinton did not.
Egyptian parliamentary elections to the House of Representatives were held in two phases, from 17 October to 2 December 2015.
The Government refused to make any further constitutional changes however the election for unofficial members was not held until 1899.
It was the 22nd Brazilian presidential election, and the 4th from the Brazilian military government.
76 candidates were elected, one for each province, while 74 senators will be appointed by a selection panel headed by the Constitution Tribunal's president Virat Limvichai.
The 1992 United States presidential election in North Dakota took place on November 3, 1992, as part of the 1992 United States presidential election.
The 1960 Maine gubernatorial election was a special election held to officially elect a governor following the death of Governor Clinton Clauson.
PFL candidate, Edison Lobão, was elected on November 25, 1990.
Parliamentary elections were held in Portugal on 12 November 1961.
The primary elections were held on August 9, 2014.
A by-election was held in the New Zealand electorate of Ikaroa-Rāwhiti on 29 June 2013.
Parliamentary elections were held in Greece in June 1847.
The 1988 United States Senate election in Mississippi was held on November 8, 1988.
A Labour party deputy leadership election took place on 2 October 1983 to replace incumbent Deputy Leader Denis Healey.
General elections were held in Belgium on 31 March 1968.
The Boston mayoral election of 2013 occurred on Tuesday, November 5, 2013, between state representative Marty Walsh and city councilor John R. Connolly.
Silver, he said, was in ample supply and if coined into money would restore prosperity while undermining the illicit power of the money trust.
According to the new constitution, this made its leader, Abdelillah Benkirane, prime minister.
The 2005 Chilean parliamentary election took place on December 11, 2005, in conjunction with the presidential election.
Newfoundland was the last British colony in North America to gain representative government.
The election marked another milestone for electoral reform in New South Wales.
The Militant Socialist Movement led by Anerood Jugnauth lost power after 13 years, with Jugnauth resigning two days after the results were announced.
Hillary Clinton received 27.6% of the vote.
Vermont voted for the Republican nominee, Governor Alf Landon of Kansas, over the Democratic nominee, incumbent President Franklin D. Roosevelt of New York.
The incumbent, Republican Ronald Reagan, won re-election over Democrat and Speaker of the Assembly Jesse "Big Daddy" Unruh.
The election resulted in the election of Democrat Jared Y. Sanders, Sr. as governor of Louisiana.
Elections to Harrogate Borough Council were held on 22 May 2014.
The 2016 United States House of Representatives elections in Arizona were held on November 8, 2016, to elect the nine U.S.
This administration subsequently collapsed and a SNP minority administration was formed.
In 1943, long-serving and colourful independent Thomas Hughes resigned his seat of East Perth to contest the federal seat of Perth.
The National Peasants' Party was banned outright, while the National Liberal Party was intimidated into dissolving itself.
The major contenders in the state were the United Progressive Alliance and National Democratic Alliance.
Pennsylvania voted for the Democratic candidate, Andrew Jackson, over the Anti-Masonic candidate, William Wirt.
Democrats used Senator Gillibrand, Vice President Joe Biden, and an endorsement from President Barack Obama to support the Murphy campaign.
Of California's existing districts, Republicans lost three, two to Democrats and one to a Republican-turned-Progressive.
Incumbent Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal won re-election to a second term in office.
Dewey's running mate was Governor Earl Warren of California, while Truman ran with Senator Alben W. Barkley of Kentucky.
Wagner received 46.33% of the vote to Riegelman's 29.97%, a Democratic victory margin of 16.36%.
The Iranian parliamentary elections of February 20 and May 7, 2004 were a victory for Islamic conservatives over the reformist parties.
Despite receiving the most votes, the Social Democratic Party won only 35 seats.
Elections were held for 88 legislative chambers, with all states but Louisiana, Mississippi, New Jersey and Virginia holding elections in at least one house.
Ontario general election, 1879 was the fourth general election held in the Province of Ontario, Canada.
The election saw an increase in Labour seats from 7 to 12, at the expense of the Anti-Socialist Party.
Booker resigned as Mayor of Newark and was sworn in on October 31, 2013 to become the junior U.S.
The 2011 Rhineland-Palatinate state election was conducted on 27 March 2011 to elect all 101 members to the Landtag of Rhineland-Palatinate.
Donna Christian-Christensen, who represented the district from 1997 to 2015, did not run for re-election.
In this election, Irene Longman became the first woman to both stand and be elected into the Queensland Parliament.
The next Polish parliamentary elections must be held not later than November 2019.
Voters chose five representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
The 2016 United States House of Representatives elections in Mississippi were held on November 8, 2016, to elect the four U.S.
A leadership election was held on September 28, 2009.
Adolfo Suárez's Democratic and Social Centre as well as the small Liberal Democratic Party both entered the Courts with 2 and 1 seats, respectively.
The 1814 United States House of Representatives elections in New York were held from April 26 to 28, 1814, to elect 27 U.S.
15 councillors were elected from three electoral divisions by PR-STV voting for a five-year term of office.
"In the fall elections of 1874 the issue was clearly defined: Did the Republican President Ulysses S. Grant and Congress deserve the confidence of the country?
An election to Durham County Council took place on 2 May 2013 as part of the United Kingdom local elections, 2013.
This was the last election for the Stormont parliament conducted using the Proportional Representation system.
Members served three-year terms beginning on February 1, 2005, and ending January 31, 2008.
The Beijing-loyalists could only win two seats with FTU's Chan Yuen-han and DAB's Starry Lee each got one seat.
The 1984 United States Senate election in Maine was held on November 7, 1984.
Labour gain from Conservative: Barrow-in-Furness, Coventry, Derby, Ipswich, Nottingham, Sandwell, Tameside, Welwyn Hatfield
Changes to the Constitution enacted since that time have rendered the prospect of similar reductions far less likely.
These elections were held at the same time as the 1896 Presidential election and the election for Governor.
The seats were retained by Labour candidates Jonny Crawshaw and Michael Pavlovic in the by-elections held in June 2017.
The 2010 California gubernatorial election was held November 2, 2010 to elect the Governor of California.
General elections were held in Bahrain for the first time on 12 December 1973.
Instead of running for re-election, he successfully ran for the U.S. Senate election in 2014.
However, Ioannis Kolettis became Prime Minister on 18 August.
The Ontario general election of 1875 was the third general election held in the Province of Ontario, Canada.
Federal elections were held in Australia on 21 August 1943.
Saakashvili was declared a winner with 53.7% of the votes amid the accusation of electoral fraud by the Georgian opposition.
Democrat Joel Parker defeated Republican nominee Marcus Lawrence Ward with 56.8% of the vote.
Findlay entered the race with significantly reduced popularity.
Labor won 44 seats, one short of a majority, putting Labor in a position to form a minority government in the hung parliament.
The vote had been initially set for 5 June 2015, alongside local elections, but it was delayed due to unrest.
The decline in support for Congress was also reflected by the fact it lost control of six state governments in the same year.
It was a notable election as all four presidential and vice-presidential candidates would ultimately lose a presidential election.
Some distance behind these four were Christian Heritage, New Zealand First, and the Greens, all with similar numbers of votes.
All 47 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election.
A total of 15,385 votes were cast, giving a turnout of 88.5%.
The governing Liberals of Premier Walter Lea were defeated by the Conservatives led by James D. Stewart.
The by-election was caused by the death, on 18 December 1883, of the previous MP Edward Lee, who had won the previous by-election in April 1883.
Anti-war former Democratic Senator Eugene McCarthy of Minnesota, running as an Independent presidential candidate, came in a distant third with 2.13 percent.
Incumbent Governor George Wolf ran as an Independent Democrat.
This left Labour with 41 councillors at the time of the election.
The whole council was up for election and the Labour Party lost overall control of the council to no overall control.
The number of Chamber seats and the simultaneous provincial and parliamentary elections would remain unchanged until state reforms in 1993.
Wales reported that senior civil servants before the election were preparing for three possible coalition administrations: Labour/Liberal Democrat, Labour/Plaid Cymru or Plaid Cymru/Liberal Democrat/Conservative.
The Missouri gubernatorial election of 1936 was Missouri's thirty-fourth gubernatorial election.
The AKP's founding party leader Recep Tayyip Erdoğan stood as the only candidate for the party leadership, with 1,463 registered delegates voting in the election.
Many Iranian figures directly supported the protests and declared the votes were fraudulent.
It occurred due to the resignation of President Charles de Gaulle on 28 April 1969.
The 1933 election followed the previous year's two elections and Hitler's appointment as Chancellor.
The Progressive Conservatives under Tim Hudak were returned to the official opposition; following the election loss, Hudak announced his resignation as Progressive Conservative leader.
At this time in Illinois history the Lieutenant Governor was elected on a separate ballot from the governor.
This helped to insulate both Government parties somewhat from anti-Government hostility that lead to seat losses in other counties.
Voters chose 15 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Juan Schiaretti won the elections in Córdoba, and he is the single governor of the UNA ticket.
The election also removed one of the two New Democratic governments in the country, the other being formed by the Alberta New Democratic Party.
In contrast the Scottish National Party achieved significant success in this election.
One third of the council was up for election and Labour retained control of the council with an increased majority.
The 1992 United States presidential election in New Mexico took place on November 3, 1992, as part of the 1992 United States presidential election.
As of 2016, this is the last Senate election in Virginia won by a Republican.
Curtis received 163,138 votes, while Erwin had 162,248 votes.
State elections were held in South Australia on 8 April 1933.
The events occurred on the same day as the 2012 Kansas and United States Virgin Islands Republican caucuses.
The Louisiana gubernatorial election, 1849, was the last of two elections to take place under the Louisiana Constitution of 1845.
New York voters chose forty three electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President.
The elections were conducted to elect a Government in the state of Karnataka for the next five years.
As of 2017, this is the most recent election in which a Democrat won a gubernatorial race in New Mexico.
The Missouri gubernatorial election of 1964 was Missouri's forty-first gubernatorial election.
As of the result of the 1990 census, Kentucky lost one electoral vote.
The 1872 United States presidential election in New York took place on November 5, 1872.
Senator Jeff Bingaman won re-election to a third term.
This stands as the last election when predominantly Native American Apache County has supported the Republican nominee.
Two new movements rose out of the west, however.
It was the fourth closest state in the nation, behind Missouri, North Carolina and Indiana.
General elections were held in Cuba on 1 November 1958.
However, in 1956, Eisenhower won a majority even in Hillsborough County.
Since no candidate received a majority of the vote during the primary election, a runoff election was held on November 21, 2015 between Caldwell and Landry.
An election to Somerset County Council took place on 2 May 2013 as part of the United Kingdom local elections, 2013.
In past elections the President and Vice-Presidents were elected separately, and the winners of those elections served as a "national leadership team".
The Irish War of Independence began soon after the election.
This was a snap election, the fourth since 2009, since new elections were not due until February 2019.
The Democratic Party did not field a candidate, resulting in Reform Party candidate Shawn O'Hara winning 15.42%.
Director George H. W. Bush of Texas, and Mondale ran with Representative Geraldine Ferraro of New York, the first major female candidate for the Vice-Presidency.
The United States presidential election of 1816 was the eighth quadrennial presidential election.
Bush overall dominated the rural areas, located in the western and southern parts of the state.
There was also an election to the Northern Ireland Assembly and a referendum on voting reform on the same day.
The constitution says an election should be held between 30 and 60 days before the end of a president's mandate.
It was held on August 14, 1908 to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan.
Nominations closed at noon on Friday 1 August with the result being declared on Saturday 13 September.
This was despite the elections having the highest proportion of contested seats since independence, with 82 of 87 seats contested.
In 2007 the Fifth Republic Movement dissolved and the United Socialist Party of Venezuela was formed as the leading government party.
Although they did not win a single constituency, the UK Independence Party had 7 members elected through the regional lists vote.
Republicans selected incumbent Senator Mark Kirk for re-election to a second term.
Van Miltenburg who had been the Speaker since 25 September 2012 resigned after increasing criticism on her performance as Speaker.
The party's net loss of 64 seats and 16 percentage points also marked the largest loss of support for a sitting government since 1982.
Parliamentary elections were held in Norway in 1891.
All 47 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election.
While the Olive Tree's performance was not as phenomenal as it had hoped, the test indicated a somewhat reduced support for the centre-right coalition.
The 1988 United States presidential election in Virginia took place on November 8, 1988.
For the first time the Irish Nationalists gained seats, returning 59.
Following the election, it took 208 days of negotiations to form a new government.
As a result of this election, the 109th Congress began composed of 232 Republicans, 201 Democrats, one independent, and one vacancy.
Kim Beazley was the only contender for the ballot, and was therefore elected unopposed.
It was won by the social-democratic New Democratic Party, which took 31 of 57 seats to win government in its own right for the first time.
New Jersey voters chose 16 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President.
Since 1968, provincial legislation has required every municipality to hold triennial elections.
The 1980 United States presidential election in Wyoming took place on November 4, 1980.
The 1998 United States Senate election in Alaska was held on November 3, 1998.
The 2000 United States presidential election in Hawaii was part of the 2000 United States presidential election which took place on November 7, 2000.
The 1990 election also saw the Australian Greens emerge in territory politics, with 3.05% of the vote—fourth behind the CLP, Labor and the Nationals.
The primaries were held on April 26.
The campaign for the regional legislative election in Madeira ran from 25 September to 7 October 2011.
A few months after the election, the One Nation member for Mulgrave, Charles Rappolt resigned.
The date 27 April is now a public holiday in South Africa, Freedom Day.
This was the first presidential election to be held during a major war involving the United States.
Following a highly competitive election in 1980, Murkowski faced a legitimate opponent in Glenn Olds, and the contest was fairly close.
As a result, the Social Democrats fail to win the absolute majority they had between 1987 and 1995.
The 1972 United States presidential election in New York took place on November 7, 1972.
Congressman Byron Dorgan won the open seat.
General elections were held in Italy on 6 April 1924.
The PF emerged as the largest party in the National Assembly, winning 60 of the 148 seats decided on election day.
Federalist trade and infrastructure policies found widespread approval in the Mid-Atlantic states during this era.
Voters chose sixteen representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Incumbent Republican Ralph Flanders did not run for re-election to another term in the United States Senate.
As Kennedy narrowly edged out Nixon to win the 1960 election nationally, New Hampshire's results would make the state 7% more Republican than the national average.
Independents also increased their overall numbers to 11 seats while Labour and the Scottish Green Party won seats in Aberdeenshire for the first time.
Senator Sam Nunn won re-election to a second term.
Bush ran with Indiana Senator Dan Quayle as Vice President, and Dukakis ran with Texas Senator Lloyd Bentsen.
Conservative Robert Jenrick won the seat with a majority of 7,403.
There were two candidates and all members of the party were balloted using the Alternative Vote preference system.
He went on to defeat Carl McCall and Rochester billionaire Tom Golisano.
The Indian National Congress winning only 60 seats.
During this election, the Democratic-Republican Party was the only major national party, and four different candidates from this party sought the Presidency.
Local elections were held in the United Kingdom on 6 May 1976.
The Christian Democratic Union's slogan was "Now do the right thing."
The two men ran starkly different campaigns.
All 350 seats in the Congress of Deputies were up for election, as well as 208 of 254 seats in the Senate.
The Indian general election, 1996 in Haryana, occurred for 10 seats in the state.
The 1996 United States presidential election in Nevada took place on November 5, 1996, as part of the 1996 United States presidential election.
The Najaf governorate election of 2013 was held on 20 April 2013 alongside elections for all other governorates outside Iraqi Kurdistan, Kirkuk, Anbar, and Ninevah.
Following the election the Conservative Party formed a coalition with the support of the SNP.
The Missouri gubernatorial election of 1900 was Missouri's twenty-fifth gubernatorial election.
Marchi finished a distant third with 22.69%.
South Africa held national and provincial elections to elect a new National Assembly as well as the provincial legislature in each province on 22 April 2009.
Though Mansfield's margin was significantly reduced from 1958, he still overwhelmingly defeated Blewett and won his third term in the Senate.
Bush ran with Indiana Senator Dan Quayle as Vice President, and Dukakis ran with Texas Senator Lloyd Bentsen.
With the loss, Crist became the first person in Florida history to lose statewide elections as a Democrat, Republican, and Independent.
Walter H. Dalton, announced on Jan. 26, 2012 that he would run for Governor.
The Hutt by-election was a by-election in the New Zealand electorate of Hutt, an urban seat at the bottom of the North Island.
Elections were held for all 435 seats of the House of Representatives, representing the 50 states.
Allsopp was elected, with a majority of 536 votes.
Chrétien narrowly won his riding, and the Liberals maintained a four-seat majority thanks to gains in Quebec at the expense of the Bloc.
In the first snap elections since 1949, the Social Democratic Party remained the largest party in the Bundestag, winning 242 of the 518 seats.
Romano Prodi, leader of the centre-left coalition The Olive Tree, won the election, narrowly defeating Silvio Berlusconi, who led the Pole for Freedoms centre-right coalition.
The election saw incumbent Fob James taking on Lieutenant Governor Don Siegelman.
Suffrage was limited to adult white males.
The 82 members of the Sarawak State Legislative Assembly, were elected in single-member constituencies using first-past-the-post voting.
The 1891 New South Wales colonial election was held between 17 June to 3 July 1891.
The Conservatives went into the election suffering from a number of scandals.
Parliamentary elections were in Macedonia on 5 July 2006.
The election was won by Bill McCollum who took office on January 3, 2007.
In total, 1,661 candidates contested the elections.
Local elections were held in the United Kingdom in 1986.
The respective campaigns ended up paying little attention to recount efforts in New Mexico, and focused their efforts solely on Florida.
In the individual seats, turnout was highest in the 9th District, a record for district turnout in the British Virgin Islands.
The European Parliament election of 2009 in Luxembourg was the election of the delegation from Luxembourg to the European Parliament in 2009.
The central issue was the economy, which was still in the depths of the Great Depression.
The Janata Dal government collapsed in mid-1999 owing to a split in the Janata Dal.
Bethune agreed, allowing him to form government by one seat—thus consigning Labor to opposition for the first time in 35 years.
Clay won Ohio by a margin of 1.53%.
The 1992 United States presidential election in Wisconsin took place on November 3, 1992, as part of the 1992 United States presidential election.
A primary election was held in several districts on September 12, 2006.
The 2014 United States House of Representatives elections in South Carolina was held on Tuesday, November 4, 2014 to elect the 7 U.S.
State elections were held in South Australia on 6 March 1965.
The Assembly was opened on 21 January 1924 by Viceroy Lord Reading.
Helms won re-election to a fourth term by a slightly wider margin than the close election in 1984.
Labor candidates in this election allied with the Liberal government and not run under a labor banner.
All 33 seats in the Parliament were up for election.
The United States presidential election of 1844 was the 15th quadrennial presidential election, held from Friday, November 1, to Wednesday, December 4, 1844.
The immensely popular Roosevelt won the election in New York by a solid 5 point margin, despite it also being Dewey's home state.
At fourth round of voting, incumbent President of the Chamber of Deputies Giovanni Gronchi was elected President with 658 votes out of 843.
Just as damaging was Truman's back-and-forth over whether to end unpopular wartime price controls to handle shortages, particularly in foodstuffs.
Seven leading members of the Assembly resigned and were elected to the Parliament of Australia.
General elections are scheduled to be held in Malta by 2022 when the parliament elected in 2017 reached the end of its five year term.
Mayoral campaigns were won by Allan Thompson in Caledon, Linda Jeffrey in Brampton, and Bonnie Crombie in Mississauga.
Nauru uses a modified Borda count electoral system in eight multi-member districts.
The Republican Party did not nominate a candidate.
He maintained his 1952 gains among Democrats, especially white urban Southerners and Northern Catholics.
The result was a victory for incumbent President Ernest Bai Koroma of the All People's Congress, who received 58.7% of the vote.
Pawlenty exited the race on August 14, one day after finishing third in Iowa's Ames Straw Poll, citing a lack of campaign funds.
The next free election was not held until August 1949 in West Germany; the next free all-German elections took place in December 1990 after reunification.
This is despite the fact that over 50% of the state's population were registered Democrats and both senators were Democrats.
Incumbent United States Senator John Melcher, who was first elected to the Senate in 1976 and was re-elected in 1982, ran for re-election.
There are 18 Regional Presidencies at stake, with 13 in continental France and Corsica, and 5 overseas.
The candidate with the most number of votes won that district's seat for the 15th Congress of the Philippines.
General elections were held in Japan on 20 February 1930.
Primary elections were held on June 7, 2016. with Grassley winning the Republican nomination, and Patty Judge winning the Democratic nomination.
Elected were governors, mayors and council members of Philippine provinces, Philippine cities and Philippine municipalities.
Meanwhile, the left-wing Herri Batasuna also improved its position from 1983 and scored one of the best results for the abertzale left in Navarre.
The seats of Sturt and Casino were established.
Democratic governor Augustus C. French did not seek re-election.
An election to Offaly County Council took place on 5 June 2009 as part of that year's Irish local elections.
In the presidential election, the result was a victory for Charles D. B.
An election to Waterford County Council took place on 11 June 2004 as part of that year's Irish local elections.
O'Dwyer won the contest with 56.77% of the vote.
There were a total number of six polling stations located on Hong Kong Island and Kowloon.
Gore won Douglas with just 45.8% of the vote.
McConnell ultimately defeated Grimes by a larger-than-expected margin.
Assisting the conservative victory was the disqualification of about 2500 reformist candidates earlier in January.
With the communists remaining strong, anti-democratic parties together now had a majority in the Reichstag, making a majority government by any union of pro-republican parties impossible.
The Liberal Democrats and the Green Party both lost three seats each, while an independent won a single seat in North Coast.
Incumbent Republican Senator David Vitter unsuccessfully ran for Governor of Louisiana in the 2015 election, losing to Democrat John Bel Edwards.
Reed's best performance was in Providence County, where he won with over 80% of the vote.
Each district elected two senators: The first-placer was to serve a six-year term while the second-placer was to serve a three-year term.
The Democratic primary was decisively won by Points of Light CEO Michelle Nunn, the daughter of former U.S.
Senator Don Nickles won re-election to his fourth term.
The 1801 New York gubernatorial election was held in April 1801 to elect the Governor and Lieutenant Governor of New York.
Pennsylvania was won by Democratic nominee John Kerry by a 2.5% margin of victory.
Lorraine Michael's New Democratic Party won a record number of seats and placed second in the popular vote for the first time in the province's history.
The newly-formed Ulster Progressive Unionist Association came second in vote share, but won no seats.
In the November 7 general election Pawlenty received a plurality of the votes, defeating Hatch by a margin of one percent.
There was a Scottish National Party leadership election in 2004 following the resignation of John Swinney as National Convener of the Scottish National Party.
The more hardline Democratic Unionist Party became the largest Northern Irish party, with nine MPs elected.
The election was held during President George Washington's second term.
Since Radziejowski at that time was the interrex, his decision attracted the nobility, which followed him.
An election to Louth County Council took place on 10 June 1999 as part of that year's Irish local elections.
Parliamentary elections were held in Norway on 24 October 1921.
Municipal elections in California are officially non-partisan but candidates receive support and endorsements from their respective parties or affiliated organizations.
Highlighting its status as a GOP bastion, the Beehive State gave McCain one of his largest victories over Democrat Barack Obama, a near two-to-one margin.
Roosevelt again carried the state capital of Albany, which since 1928 had become a Democratic stronghold of a city.
All members were elected by first-past-the-post voting from single-member electoral divisions for a four-year term of office.
The 1824 United States presidential election in Kentucky took place between October 26 and December 2, 1824, as part of the 1824 United States presidential election.
Following the election the SNP formed a minority administration with the support of the Green Party and the Independent.
Albert Wren was elected as a Liberal-Labour candidate and sat with the Liberal caucus.
The candidate with the most number of votes won that district's seat for the 15th Congress of the Philippines.
The European Parliament election of 2004 in Latvia was the election of MEP representing Latvia constituency for the 2004-2009 term of the European Parliament.
The voters will elect for the elective local posts in the city: the mayor, vice mayor, and ten councilors.
Held immediately following the 1946 Stelco strike, the election set a record for voter turnout, with 65.1% of eligible voters casting a ballot.
The United States Senate elections of 1928 were elections that coincided with the presidential election of Republican Herbert Hoover.
The incumbent Margaret Thatcher was opposed by the little-known 69-year-old backbencher MP Sir Anthony Meyer, Bt.
The 1996 United States Senate election in Iowa was held on November 5, 1996.
The corresponding Landsting election was held on 21 May.
Incumbent Senator John Ashcroft lost the election to Mel Carnahan, despite the fact that Carnahan had died in a plane crash three weeks before election day.
The Green independents were headed by Bob Brown.
Registered members of each party may only vote in their party's primary, while voters who are unaffiliated may choose any one primary in which to vote.
Wagner's victory thus ultimately signified the decline of the power of political machines in New York City.
After the election, Tung Chee-hwa reintroduced appointed members to the District Councils, appointing 102 pro-government members to prevent the pro-democracy camp from dominating the councils.
Carter was running with Minnesota Senator Walter Mondale, and President Ford had selected Kansas Congressman Bob Dole.
State elections also took place in 505 state constituencies in 12 out of 13 states on the same day.
Legislative elections were held in France on 17 June 1951 to elect the second National Assembly of the Fourth Republic.
Senator Joseph S. Clark, Jr. sought re-election to another term, but was defeated by Republican nominee Richard Schweiker.
Parliamentary elections were held in Norway on 7 and 8 September 1969.
The first 12 senators who garnered the highest votes would have six-year terms while the next 12 senators would have three-year terms.
His opponent was Filippo Penati, a Democrat, who was President of the Province of Milan from 2004 to 2009.
The conservative Social Credit Party was re-elected with a majority in the legislature to a sixth term in government.
Senator Donald Stewart decided to run for his second term, but was defeated in the primary.
Prior to 1888, members of the 1st Council of the Northwest Territories were elected in by-elections to supplement members appointed by the Government of Canada.
Coolidge had been vice-president under Warren G. Harding and became president in 1923 when Harding died during his term in office.
The assembly elections were held simultaneously with the general elections in the state.
The 18th Democratic Party of Japan presidential election was held on January 18, 2015.
Miloš Zeman and Karel Schwarzenberg qualified for the second round of the election.
The PRO stronghold had gone to a second round between Larreta and Martín Lousteau after the Front for Victory's Mariano Recalde finished third.
Richard Mentor Johnson became the first Vice President elected by the United States Senate.
Millner was victorious and received the Republican nomination after garnering 59.41% of the vote.
The center-left controls 38 seats against for the center-right.
This was the only uncontested 2014 election for the United States Senate.
The race pitted incumbent Republican Senator Rod Grams against Former Minnesota State Auditor Mark Dayton.
Iowa was won by incumbent President George W. Bush by a 0.67% margin of victory, despite losing the state to Al Gore in 2000.
Controversy: He is controversy for Seasore cheat fund.
Georgia voters chose 12 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President of the United States.
Peake persuaded a party conference that 'the day of the middle party is passed', and approved the merger by just one vote.
The Conservatives gained Bexley and Merton from Labour and Harrow from no overall control.
The Louisiana gubernatorial election of 1892 was held on April 19, 1892.
It was conducted in single member constituencies with compulsory preferential voting and was held on boundaries created at a 1966 redistribution.
The Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party won a majority of seats, remaining the majority party, followed by the Independent-Republicans of Minnesota.
An election to Meath County Council took place on 11 June 2004 as part of that year's Irish local elections.
Indiana was won by incumbent President George W. Bush by a 20.7% margin of victory.
The Tripura Home Department had identitied 91 polling stations as "hyper-sensitive" and 347 as "sensitive".
The 2015 Italian local elections were to be held on 31 May, with a second round on 14 June, concurrently with the Regional elections.
They were replaced by an SPD-Green coalition, which has a one-seat majority.
Assembly elections 1995 was held in Maharashtra, India in two phases on February 12, 1995 and March 9, 1995.
Rossi chose not to appeal to the Washington State Supreme Court, formally conceding the election on June 6, 2005.
Legislative elections happened on June 2, 1931 in the Philippines under the Jones Law provisions.
Clinton ran a second time with former Tennessee Senator and Al Gore as Vice President, and Dole ran with former New York Congressman Jack Kemp.
The groups were neither formal nor organised, with many members and candidates professing rather confused allegiances and running their own campaigns on local issues.
The elections had been delayed from 7 May, to coincide with elections to the European Parliament.
The Indian general election, 1996 polls in Tamil Nadu were held for 39 seats in the state.
The European Parliament election of 2014 was held in Romania on 25 May 2014.
The European Parliament election of 1994 in Greece for the election of the delegation from Greece to the European Parliament took place on June 12.
Portillo was selected as Conservative candidate but faced demonstrations organised by gay rights group OutRage!
Federal elections were held in Australia on 5 March 1983.
The elections saw a turnout of 39.5%, lower than in 2012 but slightly higher than in the 2008 elections.
The Louisiana gubernatorial election of 1952 was held in two rounds on January 15 and February 19, 1952.
Alaska has only voted Democratic once, and that was in the 1964 election for Lyndon B. Johnson.
Young won the election by only 177 votes, and Guy retired from politics.
Incumbent Democratic Governor John de Jongh is term-limited and cannot run for re-election to a third term in office.
Chandler seemed to have the upper hand in one of the debates until for some unknown reason he quoted the Roger Miller song "Dang Me."
Another 25 delegates were awarded to the statewide winner, Barack Obama.
General elections were held in Puerto Rico on 5 November 1996.
Kentucky had a closed primary, meaning it was open only to registered Democrats.
While many progressives stayed within the party framework, they maintained lukewarm relationships with Republican leadership.
In December 2012, Crist joined the Democratic Party.
Between 1904 and 2004, Missouri voted for the eventual winner in every presidential election except for 1956.
The SPD and FDP elected not to nominate candidates.
The voting was to be indirect, as the President had to be elected by the 80,000 "basic democrats", who made up the Electoral College.
The first Philippine Assembly elections were held across the Philippines on July 30, 1907.
Such a dissolution is unlikely as the current government has a majority.
It was the last district-level elections in the colonial period before the handover of Hong Kong in 1997.
The Liberal Democrats saw their popular vote increase by 3.7% and won the most seats for any third party since 1923, with 62 MPs.
As in many midterm elections, Cleveland's Democratic Party lost seats to the opposition Republican Party, although a narrow majority was retained.
The term of the state's sole Representative to the United States House of Representatives expired on January 3, 1995.
Federal elections were held in Switzerland on 26 October 1919.
This began forty-two uninterrupted years of government by the Tories who combined moderate progressive policies with pragmatism and caution.
Incumbent Republican Governor Mark Sanford was term limited and unable to seek re-election.
Normally the annual re-election of the leader had been a formality.
The regime's secret police force, PIDE, harassed Delgado's supporters, and there were many reports of massive electoral fraud.
Before that, PMIP was known as the "Pan-Malayan Islamic Association", as a part of UMNO.
Six left parties fought jointly, independently from both of the two main blocs.
The 2014 Newark mayoral election took place in Newark, the most populous city in New Jersey, USA, on May 13, 2014.
Hughes carried 13 of the state's 14 counties, breaking 60% of the vote in 8 of them, and even breaking 70% in 2 counties.
The Democratic majority, however, was minimal and didn't last past the next Congress.
Antonio Bassolino was elected President, defeating Antonio Rastrelli, who had been replaced in 1999 by a centre-left ribaltone led by Andrea Losco.
The 1972 United States presidential election in Ohio took place on November 7, 1972.
The result was a victory for the People's National Party, which won 34 of the 60 seats, whilst voter turnout was 59.1%.
Turkey held local elections on 29 March 2009.
The primaries were held on August 9.
All 101 seats in the Assembly were up for election.
Richard Butler took the parliament into the 1905 election.
The election was held on 28 March 1923 and won by Charles MacMillan, who defeated the former prime minister Joseph Ward.
Voter turnout was 80.6% in Denmark proper and 58.8% in the Faroe Islands.
Willie Bain, the Scottish Labour Party candidate, won with 59% of the vote.
A recount took place on 11 December due to the closeness of the votes for the 28th seat.
The PC Party lost 27 seats from its result in the previous election.
The Labour Party election rules state that the vote is split among the party's caucus, party members and party affiliates in a 40/40/20 split.
In the elections for the Chamber of Representatives the result was a victory for the Liberal Party, which won 70 of the 108 seats.
Labour candidates also appeared for the first time.
Sophocleus garnered 23,272 votes, and 2,451 votes were for write-in candidates.
The Country Party was led by Michael Bruxner and remained closely aligned to the Liberals.
The parliament had a large majority of parties defending socialist or "democratic socialist" ideas and the Constitution, approved one year after, reflected such influence.
The results were declared 5 May 2009.
The previous election, held in 2008, provided the Sammarinese Christian Democratic Party with the largest single parliamentary group.
The three-party centre-right government coalition won 44 seats and the right wing Progress Party won 38, becoming the largest opposition party.
Labour ended with only three county councillors, the Liberals with two, and eight Independents were elected, down from eleven.
Voters chose 18 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Senate elections were held in Pakistan on 2 March 2012.
Bob Ehrlich defeated Kathleen Kennedy Townsend, enabling him to become the first Republican governor since Spiro Agnew in 1966.
Louisiana was won by former California Governor Ronald Reagan by 5 points.
Roosevelt carried the state with 50.64 percent of the vote to Hoover’s 46.64 percent, a Democratic victory margin of 4.00 percent.
Governor Raimundo Colombo is running for a second term.
Howard Dean just months earlier Dean had narrowly been leading in polls over Wesley Clark.
The 1928 United States Senate election in Pennsylvania was held on November 6, 1928.
Incumbent United States Senator Max Baucus, who was first elected in 1978 and was re-elected in 1984, ran for re-election.
In December 2008, President-Elect Barack Obama selected incumbent U.S.
They were viewed as yet another test to the current wave of political reform, occurring only 2 months after the first multi-candidate presidential elections.
The Islamist Tewassoul party won 12 seats.
The Dutch-speaking electoral college elected 13 MEPs and the French-speaking electoral college elected 11 MEPs.
The 1988 United States presidential election in Wyoming took place on November 8, 1988.
The National Front was able to secure the first minority government, since 1947 Independence, with the help of the Left Parties and Bharatiya Janata Party.
The total number of voters registered in the City of Cabuyao is 135,713 in 586 voting precincts.
His Republican Party was initially applauded for instituting protectionist economic policies, which were intended to limit imports to stimulate the domestic market.
The 1948 Minnesota gubernatorial election took place on November 2, 1948.
Clinton thus defeated Bush in the state with a margin of 18.52%.
Turnout was a record 91.66 percent, which remains the highest ever in any Portuguese democratic elections.
Connecticut voters chose eight electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
On 16 and 17 January the public elected presidential electors to an electoral college.
This election marked the beginning of the Labour Party's thirteen-year spell in opposition, and the return of Winston Churchill as Prime Minister.
Barely able to field candidates in a third of the ridings, it went down to one of its worst showings in party history.
Truman did not garner the same support as the deceased president.
Senator Pedro Taques of the PDT won election to the open seat in the first round.
Republican nominee George S. Mickelson was elected, defeating Democratic nominee Ralph Lars Herseth.
The 2010 United States Senate elections in Illinois took place on November 2, 2010.
Mulcair is the NDP's seventh leader elected since its founding in 1961.
Billionaire businessman Ross Perot finished in third with 11.20% of the popular vote .
Gruening later went on to lose the general election to Republican nominee Frank Murkowski, a banker.
Representatives to represent the State of New York in the United States House of Representatives of the 13th United States Congress.
It is also a part of the Machilipatnam, along with six other Lok Sabha segments of Gannavaram, Pedana, Machilipatnam, Gudivada, Pamarru, and Penamaluru.
The massive raw vote margin in New York City provided all of Carter's narrow margin of victory in New York State.
In contrast both the Conservatives and the National Liberals suffered heavy losses.
Official results showed 92 percent of the voters approved the Nazi list, on a turnout of 96 percent.
He was initially successful in the Supreme Court when the case was heard by Justice E.A.
The election to the United States House of Representatives in Florida for the 32nd Congress was held October 7, 1850
Parliamentary elections for the People's Council of Syria, the unicameral parliament of Syria were held between 30 November and 1 December 1998.
The 1934 United States Senate election in Montana took place on November 6, 1934.
A new President of Honduras to serve a four-year term starting January 27, 2010.
Vandenberg, the senior Republican in the Senate, was the "favorite son" candidate of the Michigan delegation and was considered a possible compromise candidate.
The 2002 United States Senate election in West Virginia was held on November 5, 2002.
They followed an equalisation of the tax qualifications for voters, which widened the franchise from 1.0% of the population to 1.8%.
There was a fractured verdict in February 2005 Assembly Election.
Representatives to represent the State of New York in the United States House of Representatives of the 19th United States Congress.
The Portuguese legislative election of 1979 took place on 2 December.
The 1944 election saw the reformer ‘anti-Long’ faction retain power for another four years under Jimmie Davis.
Incumbent Democratic Governor John Connally was easily reelected to a third term, winning 73% of the vote to Republican T.E.
Hoover's running mate was Senate Majority Leader Charles Curtis of Kansas, while Smith ran with Senator Joseph Taylor Robinson of Arkansas.
The 1978 United States Senate election in Minnesota was held on November 7, 1978.
New Mexico was won by incumbent President Dwight D. Eisenhower by a 16-point landslide.
Incumbent Speaker Jose de Venecia of Pangasinan was elected Speaker after being the only one nominated: 186 voted for De Venecia, 1 against and 24 abstentions.
The latter two counties had not supported a Republican for president since Richard Nixon's 49-state landslide in 1972.
He cited emergency conditions caused by Hurricane Gilbert in 1988 as the reason for extending the parliamentary term beyond its normal five-year mandate.
The parliamentary elections were held simultaneously with provincial elections in Vojvodina and nationwide local elections.
The election occurred in a time period that featured no pressing federal issues and a feeling of national consensus to the effectiveness of the ruling party.
The 1972 United States presidential election in Rhode Island refers to how Rhode Island participated in the 1972 United States presidential election.
Democratic nominee Ben Cardin won the open seat.
Following the lead of the federal Conservatives in 1942, the party changed its name to the "Progressive Conservatives", which remains the party's name today.
The Irish general election of June 1927 was held on 9 June 1927.
The opposition Conservative Party – led by Donald McLean – fractured: it nominated only seven candidates, and won only two seats.
The declared candidates were Bill Shorten and Anthony Albanese, who were both ministers in the outgoing Labor government.
Newt Gingrich announced he would drop out of the race after a poor showing in the northeast on April 24.
Incumbent President Omar al-Bashir won the presidential election by a landslide, amid a boycott from the majority of the opposition.
The Japan Socialist Party-led oppositions won a majority of seats.
The 1978 Maine gubernatorial election took place on November 7, 1978.
State elections were held in South Australia on 25 November 1989.
The British general election, 1713 produced further gains for the governing Tory party.
This replaced the previous SNP minority led administration which had been supported by the Independents that had existed from 2007-2012.
Incumbent Democratic United States Senator Joe Biden won re-election to a third term, defeating Republican challenger John M. Burris.
Voters chose 4 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
The British Virgin Islands general election, 1971 was held in the British Virgin Islands on 2 June 1971.
The same year Democrats won six United States Senate seats from the Republicans, which gave them one of the largest Senate majorities ever.
The Election Commission of India held the first presidential elections of India on May 2, 1952.
The elected representatives served in the 13th Congress from 2004 to 2007.
The 1990 United States Senate election in Idaho was held on November 6, 1990.
The Democratic-Republicans used this election to increase their enormous majority.
The national election was ultimately won by Reagan with 50.75% of the vote.
The chamber disagreed with his agreements with the Vatican regarding the repatriation of certain religious properties.
Ernest C. Manning had resigned as Social Credit leader and premier in 1968, a year after leading the Socreds to their ninth consecutive majority government.
Parnell later died in October 1891 of a heart attack.
However, William Tubman of the True Whig Party was easily re-elected, winning over 99.5% of the vote.
Pawlenty exited the race on August 14, one day after finishing third in Iowa's Ames Straw Poll, citing a lack of campaign funds.
By 1912, as many as 29 states elected senators either as nominees of their party's primary or in conjunction with a general election.
New York voters chose 36 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President.
Parliamentary elections were held in Norway on 20 October 1930.
Incumbent United States Senator Burton K. Wheeler, who was first elected to the Senate in 1922, and was re-elected in 1928, ran for re-election.
Under single transferable vote and instant-runoff voting, results would take up to five days to count all the possible vote transfers, before anyone was declared elected.
Local elections will be held in Antipolo City on May 9, 2016 within the Philippine general election.
As the Bundesrat is made up of representatives from the states, the federal government risked losing its narrow majority in that house.
By-elections to Natham and Thiruvattar constituencies were held in Tamil Nadu, India, on September 5 and 11, 1999 respectively.
Regardless, the governing Justice and Development Party declared victory in the early hours of 31 March, gaining 42.89% of the vote, 818 municipalities and 11,309 councillors.
Full general elections were held in Belgium on 13 June 1848.
The Conservatives did manage to gain a seat in Scotland, which ended the party's status as an 'England-only' party in the prior parliament.
The 1996 United States Senate election in Alabama was held on November 5, 1996.
Indiana chose 12 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the President and Vice President of the United States.
Registered members of each party only voted in their party's primary, while voters who were unaffiliated chose any one primary in which to vote.
The Republican incumbent, Chuck Quackenbush, narrowly defeated the Democratic nominee, State Assemblywoman Diane Martinez.
She also was the first woman to be an American presidential candidate in every primary and caucus in every state.
The Quebec general election of 1976 was held on November 15, 1976 to elect members to National Assembly of the Province of Quebec, Canada.
The 1990 United States Senate election in Kansas was held November 6, 1990.
Nixon went on to win the election nationally, by a landslide margin of 23.15% of the popular vote.
