This unique geography has been the basis of the development of Egyptian society since antiquity.
Filipinos in Ireland consist largely of migrant workers in the health care sector, though others work in tourism and information technology.
A majority of the Jewish population of Greece was killed in the Holocaust after Axis powers occupied Greece during World War II.
The modern State of Israel was established as a Jewish state and defines itself as such in its Declaration of Independence and Basic Laws.
The area around the Kilifi Creek is inhabited by Giriama up to nearly 90 percent.
The Shilluk are the third largest ethnic group of Southern Sudan, after the Dinka and their neighbours the Nuer.
A small number of Goriya are also found in the Terai region of Nepal.
As of 2014, figures from Statistics Netherlands showed 142,953 people of Dutch Antillean origin in the Netherlands, which the vast majority are from Curaçao.
They are speakers of one or more Visayan languages, the most widely spoken being Cebuano and Hiligaynon, closely followed by Waray-Waray.
Chinese Uruguayans are Uruguayan citizens of Chinese ancestry.
Despite this, the majority of Bubi descendants, both living in Equatorial Guinea and exiled abroad, hold little political and economic stake in their native land.
The Naskapi language and culture is quite different from the Montagnais, in which the dialect changes from y to n as in "Iiyuu" versus "Innu"[1].
This number does not include the 36,205 Vietnamese nationals studying or working in Mainland China recorded by the 2010 national population census.
Russians in Taiwan form a small community.
The Achang speak a Burmish language called Achang, but there is no indigenous writing system to accompany it.
After several waves of persecution throughout Yemen, most Yemenite Jews now live in Israel, while small communities are found in the United States and elsewhere.
The Muumyangan are a sub-ethnic group of the Southern Mongols in Darhan Muminggan United Banner, China.
As United States citizens, they are a group of Chinese Americans.
The Tamil term for Muslims in Sri Lanka is சோனகர், சோனர் or சோனி probably derived from Sunni.
Colombians in France form one of the largest immigrant groups from Hispanic America.
There are many shrines dotted throughout Pakistan in honour of noted Tajik noblemen.
Today the Jewish community living in Moldova numbers 4,000.
A PIO might have been a citizen of India and subsequently taken the citizenship of another country, or have ancestors born in India or other states.
Not to be confused with the street performers with monkeys, which are also called "madari" in the India.
The community is highly marginalised in society, and they are referred to as Qurbāṭ and Qarač in the northern part, and Nawar elsewhere.
The Bandhmati are a Muslim community found in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India.
The term also includes their descendants from the time of the Spanish conquest to the present.
Portuguese Argentines has always been a small group in Argentina, but they were the main group of immigration when that country was a Spanish colony.
Often at times the Bajau people are mislabeled as Butonese people.
They are the descendants of those Arab tribes who arrived with Umayyad general Muhammad Bin Qasim.
With over 4000 residing in the country, Tibetans make up the second largest Asian immigrant group in Switzerland, right behind Filipinos.
Most Tzeltals live in communities in about twenty municipalities, under a Mexican system called “usos y costumbres” which seeks to respect traditional indigenous authority and politics.
As the 18th century progressed, many surviving Lenape moved west—into the upper Ohio River basin.
After passing long periods, they used Sinja as their shelter and interacted with local people and society.
During this period, many other terms denoted individuals of African-Amerindian ancestry in ratios smaller or greater than the 50:50 of zambos: cambujo for example.
Sanghani surname found in Leuva Patel, Lohana, Bania of Hindu Community and Momna of Muslim community.
The towns of Ararat, Stawell and Hamilton are within their territory.
There are also a few groups left of the OvaTwa, who are also OvaHimba, but are hunter-gatherers.
Hondurans are people inhabiting in, originating from, or having significant heritage from Honduras.
The related Pannonian Rusyns live in a transborder region of Serbia and Croatia.
Many Moroccan Jews arrived in the 19th century, principally because of the rubber boom, settling on the Amazon, where their mixed-race descendants continue to live.
The Corsicans are the native people and ethnic group originating in Corsica, a Mediterranean island and a territorial collectivity of France.
The two branches of the Barakzai dynasty ruled modern day Afghanistan from 1826 to 1973 when the monarchy ended under Musahiban Mohammad Zahir Shah.
The population living in Equatorial Guinea numbers an estimated 16,000.
Italian is the fifth most identified ancestry in Australia behind 'Australian', 'English', 'Irish' and 'Scottish' and just ahead of 'German'.
The Torghut are one of the four major subgroups of the Four Oirats.
The UK has the 11th largest community of Colombians abroad between Argentina and Costa Rica.
At the last Soviet census in 1989, 9.4 percent of Lithuania's population were ethnic Russians, with a few more percent comprising other Soviet nationalities.
Traditional food such as Jepa, Pandeangang Peapi, Banggulung Tapa and so on are Mandarese specialty.
By 1646, what is called the Powhatan Paramount Chiefdom by modern historians had been decimated.
Historically, the Pawnee lived in large earth lodge villages with adjacent farmlands.
Small populations of Kootenai living in eastern Washington are part of the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation.
Since 1947, many ethnic Kashmiris are also found in Pakistan.
However, because they self-identify as white, it doesn't mean that they are genetically or phenotypically white like a European.
The Shapsug speak a sub-dialect of the Adyghe language.
Many Tama are subsistence farmers who live in permanent settlements and some raise livestock.
They trace their ancestry to the historic ethno-linguistic region of Bengal in South Asia.
According to the 2011 Census there were 8,050 Canadians who claimed Moldovan ancestry.
Their number is estimated between 5,213, and 20,000.
The term "Zeliangrong" refers to the Zeme, Liangmai, Rongmei and Inpui Naga tribes combined together.
However, the majority of Arabs are refugees of the conflicts in the Middle East, e.g.
The center features a state-of-the-art movie theater, arcade games, bowling, laser tag and multiple dining options.
The Croats of Serbia or Serbian Croats are the recognized Croat national minority in Serbia, a status they received in 2002.
Most Pakistani Australians are Muslims by religion, although there are also sizeable Christian, Hindu and other minorities.
In present-day Australia these groups are further divided into local communities.
Assyrians in Iraq are those Assyrians still residing in the country of Iraq, and those in the Assyrian diaspora who are of Iraqi-Assyrian heritage.
A majority of Indo-Mauritians are Bihari, and a majority of Mauritians are Indo-Mauritian.
According to Nepal's Ministry of Foreign Affair, there are about 3,064 Nepalis working in Libya.
The Itsekiri are an ethnic group of Nigeria's Niger Delta area, Delta State.
Berbers in Algeria are Algerian citizens of Berber descent or persons of Berber descent residing in Algeria.
Armenians populate various regions, including Moscow, Saint Petersburg, Krasnodar Krai in the North Caucasus and as far as Vladivostok in the East.
Iranian Assyrians, Persian Assyrians or Assyrians in Iran, are an ethnoreligious and linguistic minority in present-day Iran.
Uyghurs in Kazakhstan form the country's 7th-largest ethnic group, according to the 1999 census.
Dankpen district is located in the north western corridor of Togo.
Projectile point tools, spears, pottery, bangles, chisels and scrapers mark archaeological sites, thus distinguishing cultural periods, traditions and lithic reduction styles.
A famous Scot, Thomas, Lord Cochrane formed the Chilean Navy to help liberate Chile from Spain in the independence period.
Then in the late 19th century, they began migrating to the Pacific lowlands of the country.
Kumyks are a Turkic people living in the Kumyk plateau, the lands bordering the Caspian Sea, Northern Ossetia, Chechnya and the banks of the Terek river.
1,245 Icelanders, Icelandic Americans and Icelandic Canadians were registered as soldiers during World War I.
In the last census in 2000, they numbered 2,637,421 in China and roughly 470,000 in Vietnam.
Spanish settlement in the Philippines first took place in the 16th century, during the Spanish colonial period of the islands.
No Arab has been resident there for more than 2 generations.
There are about 5,900 people of Indian origin living in the country.
Bacha Khan was a Pashtun independence activist against the rule of the British Raj.
The first Arab kingdom outside of Arabia was established in Iraq's Al-Hirah in the third century.
The Samoyeds consists of Northern Samoyed: Nenets, Enets and Nganasan, and Southern Samoyed: Selkup and now extinct Sayan Samoyed.
The historical presence of the San in Botswana is particularly evident in northern Botswana's Tsodilo Hills region.
The name they use for themselves is Lokop or Loikop, a term which may have a variety of meanings which Samburu themselves do not agree on.
"Thai people" usually includes central and southern Thai, northern Thai and Isan people.
Montenegrin Canadians are Canadian citizens of Montenegrin descent or Montenegro-born people who reside in Canada.
Iranun as a nation inhabited mainly the Crab Gulf.
Jews have been present in Greece since at least the fourth century BC.
Indian Christians have the highest ratio of women to men among the various religious communities in India.
During the Kosovo War, they were displaced as refugees in Albania, Serbia and the Republic of Macedonia and whole Western Europe such as Germany and France.
That year, only 8% of Canadians of East Indian origin aged 65 and over lived alone, compared with 29% of all seniors in Canada.
They are native speakers of the Tamil language and predominantly followers of Islam.
The 2006 census determined that their number was 50,500 and 30,130 had Armenian as their mother tongue.
Greek Bahamians comprise Bahamian citizens of either full or partial Greek heritage.
The Italo-Albanians they identify in the paper Italians the adoption, but original Albanians in spirit and identity.
In the broadest sense, the term métis was applied to people of mixed indigenous and French ancestry in French colonies; it means mixture.
The Baloch is a Muslim community found in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.
Many women in Puerto Rico were Spanish subjects and were already active participants in the labor movement and in the agricultural economy of the island.
Prior to colonization in the twentieth century, Nigeria's tribes usually possessed the land as a community, such that land could not be bought or sold.
The Hamnigan Buryats or Khamnigan are Mongolized Evenks of Tungusic origin.
There are believed to be between 5,000 and 25,000 Romani in Australia.
Before World War II, Jews were the third among the ethnic groups in Belarus and comprised more than 40% of the population in cities and towns.
religions = Christianity |related = Naga tribes: Makhel, Angami, Chakhesang, Rengma, Mao, Poumai, Maram, Thangal Rongmei, Zeme, Liangmei, Inpui
The heritage of the panubok is celebrated in the Tinubkan fashion show in Iloilo City.
Their daughter, Queen Marau, was the last Queen of Tahiti.
The Székelys, sometimes also referred to as Szeklers, are a subgroup of the Hungarian people living mostly in the Székely Land in Romania.
In The Hardy Padaungs Khin Maung Nyunt, one of the first authors to use the term "Kayan", says that the Padaung prefer to be called Kayan.
Stó:lō is the Halqemeylem word for "river."
Salvadoran Australians are Australians of Salvadoran descent.
Igbo people constituted a large portion of the African population in slave-importing Jamaica.
They speak a distinct Athabaskan language more closely related to Lower Tanana language than to Deg Xinag language, spoken on the middle Kuskokwim.
Their endangered language, known as Colville-Okanagan, spoken only by older adults, is a part of the Southern Interior Salish linguistic branch.
Indian Zimbabweans Bharat Patel and Ahmed Ebrahim have served as justices of the Supreme Court.
However, after the revolution many Assyrians left the country, primarily for the United States; the 1996 Iranian census counted only 32,000 Assyrians.
Currently, Whites are a minority ethnic group in Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha, accounting for 25% of the country's population.
The ancient Macedonians participated in the production and fostering of Classical and later Hellenistic art.
He is now officially called as Sagong Namba.
The Las Vegas Tribe of Paiute Indians of the Las Vegas Indian Colony is a federally recognized tribe of Southern Paiute Indians in southern Nevada.
It remains as the last absolute monarchy in Africa and is known for its beautiful well manicured lush mountains,beautiful culture and natural scenery.
They achieved state recognition on January 27, 2006 and have begun the process of seeking federal recognition through the United States Bureau of Indian Affairs.
In recent years the number of Griko who speak the Griko language has been greatly reduced; the younger Griko have rapidly shifted to Italian.
However, "Tamil" is not one of the predefined tick-box answers for the ethnicity question on the UK Census.
However, it should be noted that in Greece and Turkey the practice for declaring the ethnic group at census has been abolished for decades.
Karhade Brahmins are a predominantly Pancha Dravida Brahmin sub-group.
The Chemehuevi are an indigenous people of the Great Basin.
They are frequently referred to as Bosnian Serbs in English, regardless of whether they are from Bosnia or Herzegovina.
Turkish Brazilians or Turk Brazilians are Turkish people who have immigrated to Brazil.
Approximately 84% of the Italian immigrants came from the former Kingdom of the Two Sicilies, which encompassed much of Southern Italy and all of Sicily.
Most Arab Macedonians are of Lebanese or Syrian origin, аs a result of the fact that they were the first Arabs to arrive in Macedonia.
The Siletz are a Native American tribe from Oregon and an Indigenous people of the Northwest Plateau.
According to data from a 2008 survey by the United States government, there are 201,118 Americans of full or partial Albanian descent.
The combined peoples live primarily at the L'Anse Indian Reservation at the western end of Lake Superior.
For traditional, environmental, cultural, and political reasons, reindeer herding is legally reserved for only Sami people in some regions of the Nordic countries.
They were a loose confederacy made up of several tribes.
Montreal, with about 2,000, has the largest number, but in recent years, more and more families, now about 150, have settled in Calgary and Edmonton.
Their indigenous language, which is also called Tektitek, belongs to the Mamean branch of Mayan languages.
This caste is known by many names like Laxkar, Lakhpati, Lakshkar, Lakhera, Lakeri, Lakheri.
The Udi people are one of the Caucasian Albania tribes, whose language is within that language family.
They still reside in their traditional territories in northwestern California and southern Oregon.
They are one of the diasporas from Black Africa in France.
Traditionally, Hopi are organized into matrilineal clans.
The agency has restored about 1.5 million acres to tribes under this program.
The Fante people are one of the Akan group, along with the "Asantefo" or Ashantis, the Akuapem, the Akyem, the Baoule, Guam, and others.
Indo-Martiniquais are an ethnic group of Martinique, compromising approximately 10% of the population of the island.
American settlement in the Philippines began during the Spanish period, when Americans came to the islands primarily to conduct business.
In the 18th and 19th centuries, the British forced the Mopan out of Belize and into Guatemala.
The word 'navjote' is a Latinized form of the Parsi Gujarati compound of nav "new" and jote "reciter [of prayer]", "invoker", "sacrificer".
Instead it mentions "Bosnian(s), Herzegovinian(s)" thereby emphasizing the regional significance and equity between the terms.
The Isleños of Louisiana are an ethnic group living in the U.S. state of Louisiana, consisting in people of primarily Canarian Spanish descent.
The Damara, plural Damaran are an ethnic group who make up 8.5% of Namibia's population.
Each of the tribes within this organization had its own weroance, but all paid tribute to Powhatan.
The Hindu Tarkhans are generally identified as Khatis or Suthar, following the Vishwakarma community of India.
Although their numbers have been reduced since the breakup of the Soviet Union, they remain prominent in Kazakh society today.
Most were born and raised in Pakistan and are under age 30, but are still considered citizens of Afghanistan.
The Sherbro people are a native people of Sierra Leone, who speak the Sherbro language; they make up 3% of Sierra Leone's population or about 201,000.
Among notable groups are the Acehnese, Bugis, Javanese and Minangkabau Malays.
Some Nair women also practiced hypergamy with Nambudiri Brahmins from the Malabar region.
Unlike many other minorities, Moldovans often live in the countryside rather than in a city, the majority in the northern and southern historical region of Bessarabia.
Nevertheless, they had preeminence over all the other populations: Amerindians, enslaved Africans and peoples of mixed descent.
Like the people of Gilgit, they speak a variant of Shina language, Brokskat, unintelligible with other Shina dialects.
The Bwile people are an ethnic group that live in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambia around the northern part of Lake Mweru.
Seeking to regain federal recognition, the Brothertown Indians filed a documented petition in 2005.
Magnus Linklater, journalist, son of Eric Linklater
As of the 2010 Census the population was 118.
The community of Indians in Kuwait includes Indian expatriates in Kuwait, as well as Kuwaiti citizens of Indian origin or descent.
391 of the combatants were born in Iceland, the rest were of Icelandic descent.
The Aguaruna are an indigenous people of the Peruvian jungle.
Tamil Indonesians are persons of Tamil ancestry living in Indonesia.
Irish Australians are an ethnic group of Australian citizens of Irish descent, which include immigrants from and descendants whose ancestry originates from the island of Ireland.
It is located about four miles east of the small community of Lookout in southwestern Modoc County.
Initially, the Indian population was transient, mainly comprising young men who came as workers, soldiers and convicts.
Northern Tutchone First Nations governments and communities include:
Between 1950 and 1970 most emigrated to France, the United States, or Israel.
At the time of the Arab conquest of Persia, the dominant religion of the region was Zoroastrianism.
They stay in an area called Bugerere in Kayunga District, an area that Buganda captured from Bunyoro Kingdom more than 100 years ago.
The Sán Dìu is a Yao ethnic group in northern Vietnam who speak Yue Chinese, a Chinese language.
In 1879, after the annexation, the territory was reorganized as Okinawa Prefecture with the last king Shō Tai forcibly exiled to Tokyo.
People of Polish ethnicity have lived in the territory of modern Lithuania for many centuries.
Common surnames among these people include Bhat/Butt, Dar, Lone, Malik etc.
Afro-Dutch tend to hail from the former and present Dutch overseas territories of Aruba, Bonaire, Curaçao, Sint Maarten and Suriname.
Though no reliable census has been taken in Burma since 1935, the Shan are estimated to number 4–6 million.
The Mayo sustain themselves mainly by agriculture and fishing, but also create artwork and crafts.
Bo'tcaced, by the Nez Percé, probably, meaning "arrows" or "arrow people."
There are currently several million Christian foreign workers in the Gulf area, mostly from the Philippines, India, Sri Lanka and Indonesia.
Today the city of Ijuí is a prosperous town, based on Brazilian standards.
Over the years, these traders built up a relationship with Barbadians, which still remains of mutual benefit.
There are additionally roughly 100,000 Torbeš and some of them still maintain a strong affiliation to Turkish identity.
The Turks have created Turkish neighbourhoods mostly in North and North-East London however there are also Turkish communities in South London and the City of Westminster.
The tribe developed in the Ohio and Mississippi river valleys around 700 BC along with other groups of its language family.
Ukrainians claim that the number is actually 250,000-300,000.
In the 2000 General Census by INEGI 2,641 people named themselves as speakers of the Chichimeca Jonaz language.
The language is considered one of several divergent dialects of the Anishinaabe languages.
The history of Poles in the United States dates to the American Colonial era.
The Igbo language is divided into numerous regional dialects, and somewhat mutually intelligible with the larger "Igboid" cluster.
In 2008 their population was 40, up from 25 in 1998.
Swahili belongs to the Bantu branch of the Niger-Congo family.
Some of the Rashaida people have intermarried with the Mahas of the Butana area, another tribe of Banu Khazraj descent and partial Nubian descent.
The Machapunga were a small Native American tribe of the Algonquian language family, one of a number in the territory of North Carolina.
As of 1990, their population stood at 5,000, which consists of less than 250 families.
Of them 258 reported their caste was "Nair", while 15 said that their caste was "Maaraar".
The Abyssinian people, or most commonly known as the Habesha, are a people inhabiting the Horn of Africa.
The earliest immigrants worked as traders, although most of the later settlers worked as fishermen, farmers or conscript labourers.
Poddar is a surname of Nepalis  and Indian peoples.
They speak an Indo-Aryan language, called Shina language, with varied dialects.
There are small but significant populations of Chinese and their descendants in all countries of the Greater Antilles.
The Pray are an ethnic group in Thailand.
Most Iyers are followers of the Advaita philosophy propounded by Adi Shankara.
The Lower Elwha Klallam lived there until the 1930s, when the federal government persuaded them to move outside the city to a reservation four miles west.
The Augustine Band of Cahuilla Indians is a federally recognized Cahuilla band of Native Americans based in Coachella, California.
Another area where many creoles can be found is within the River Parishes, St. Charles, St. John, and St. James.
Consequently, there is an absence of accurate data on the relative percentages of the population of the major religions and groups.
The geographical area occupied by the Paite people is about 2,000 Sq.
The major divisions are: the Ngimonia, divided into Ngissir and non-Ngissir sections; and the Ngichoro, divided into Ngilukumong, Ngiwoyakwara, Ngigamatak, Ngibelai, and Ngibotok.
The Aro people or Aros are an Igbo subgroup mixed with Akpa and Ibibio ancestry that originated from the Arochukwu kingdom in present-day Abia state, Nigeria.
Wallo Kirant in the past was their Kipat or communal land.
Under a new agreement between Afghanistan, Pakistan and the UNHCR, the Afghans in Pakistan are officially allowed to remain until the end of 2017.
Christianity began to spread in Armenia soon after Jesus' death, due to the efforts of two of his apostles, St. Thaddeus and St. Bartholomew.
The capital of Shan State is Taunggyi, the fifth-largest city in Myanmar with about 390,000 people.
In 2012, around 79,352 Africans entered Malaysia legally and 25,467 student visas were issued to Africans.
Their land is part of the Rio Omerê Indigenous Territory, a small indigenous territory which is also inhabited by a group of Kanoê.
Modern Palestinian identity now encompasses the heritage of all ages from biblical times up to the Ottoman period.
Approximately 7,000 people in Australia claim to be of Kurdish ancestry.
The Orang Laut are a group of Malay people living around Singapore, peninsular Malaysia and the Riau Islands.
The term "baggara culture" was introduced in 1994 by Braukämper.
Monsangs have their own distinct culture and tradition and are peace-loving people.
Although small in number, Chilean people also make up a substantial part of the permanent population of Antarctica and the Falkland Islands.
The Pitjantjatjara are an Aboriginal people of the Central Australian desert.
As of 2012, Cristina Calderón, who lives in Chile territory, is known as the last full-blooded Yaghan and last native speaker of the Yaghan language.
All of these peoples and other, unrelated minorities in and around Kamchatka are known collectively as Kamchadals.
In the Irish Rebellion of 1798 Catholics and Presbyterians, who were not part of the established Church of Ireland, found common cause.
Autochthonous inhabitants of Palanga in Lithuania call themselves "kuršininkai" as well, but in Lithuania they usually are counted as Latvians.
Luxembourg Brazilians refers to Brazilian citizens of full, partial, or predominantly Luxembourgish ancestry, or Luxembourg-born immigrants in Brazil.
The majority of the population is centred on Tehran.
Roughly half of them live in Gauteng.
It is a major tribe in Nagaland.
Bosnian Canadians are Canadian citizens whose ancestry can be traced to Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Ever since the outbreak of the Protestant Reformation within the Holy Roman Empire, German society has been characterized by a Catholic-Protestant divide.
Palestinians cluster in Chile and Central America, particularly El Salvador, and Honduras.
Chinese people came to Indonesia as economic migrants in Maritime Southeast Asia.
Iranian-Armenians were very influential and active in the modernization of Iran during the 19th and 20th centuries.
There was also some Gaelic settlement in Wales and Cornwall.
The Salvi are a caste found in the state of Rajasthan in India.
Basque Mexicans are Mexicans of full, partial, or predominantly Basque ancestry, or Basque-born persons living in Mexico.
Many Scandinavians came to Brazil for economic reasons and to start a new life.
Exact numbers are difficult to ascertain as many don't have official identity cards.
The present relationship between Islam and adat is described in the saying "tradition [adat] founded upon Islamic law, Islamic law founded upon the Qur'an".
As of 1999, there were 3,300 "Lô Lô" people living in the Hà Giang, Cao Bằng, and Lào Cai provinces in northeastern Vietnam.
Most of them were concentrated in province of North Sumatra and urban areas such as Banda Aceh, Surabaya, Medan and Jakarta.
Czech Australians are Australian citizens of Czech ancestry.
For most of its modern history, New Mexico belonged to Spain and later Mexico.
This ended the Yazoo as a tribe; their survivors intermarried with the Chickasaw, Africans, and other peoples.
Descendants of the Esselen are currently scattered, but many still live in the Monterey Peninsula area and nearby regions.
German Colombians are Colombian citizens of German ancestry.
The lo of the Gaanmang is the thirteenth lo.
It is one of five tribes recognized by the state of Connecticut.
The Romaniotes are historically distinct and still remain distinct from the Sephardim, who settled in Ottoman Greece after the 1492 expulsion of the Jews from Spain.
The language originally spoken by the Champagne and Aishihik people was Southern Tutchone.
Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf is of mixed Kru, Gola, and German ancestry.
Multiracial Americans are Americans who have mixed ancestry of "two or more races".
They are one of the Northern Straits branch Central Coast Salish peoples of indigenous peoples of the Northwest Coast.
Unlike the case in Suriname, very few of the Barbadian Sephardim were plantation owners.
They took jobs in the coals mines, in the iron foundries, and as masons.
They can be found in Camba Cua outside Asuncion; Kamba Kokue outside of Paraguari, and the city of Emboscada.
São Paulo may have been the destination of most Lithuanians but they also went to settle in other states such as Rio de Janeiro and Paraná.
The Pocomoke Indian Nation is incorporated as a Maryland tax exempt entity and is listed by the IRS as a public charity-501c3 organization.
The city of Surat and villages within the city are known for Arab settlements.
Irish Mexicans are inhabitants of Mexico that are immigrants from or descendants of immigrants from Ireland.
Their best-known means of livelihood is semi-nomadic reindeer herding.
They have reserved for themselves the 7,770.1 hectares Abitibi Indian Reserve No.
In the urban areas, the growing number of Lisela people take jobs in the industrial enterprises.
The Ot Danum people are classified as part of the Proto-Malay branch of the Austronesia cluster.
The surnames repeatedly represented among the Brass Ankles have included: Weatherford, Pratt, Jackson, Chavis, Bunch, Driggers, Sweat, Williams, Russell, and Goins.
The Kuruáya people are an indigenous people of Brazil.
Jamaicans are the citizens of Jamaica and their descendants in the Jamaican diaspora.
Other countries with greater than 0.5% Korean minorities include Canada, Russia, Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, Australia, Vietnam, and Philippines.
Iyers are sub-divided into various sub-sects based on cultural and regional differences.
^ Kumar Suresh Singh; Anthropological Survey of India.
Almost all Sikh Mochi are members of the Ravidasi sect.
Hungarians in Slovakia are the largest ethnic minority in the country.
The Maniq are a hunting and gathering society.
Joint families, or virilocal communities are common, wherein families of brothers settle close to each other.
The Persians are an Iranian ethnic group that make up over half the population of Iran.
The Mbo have been restricted to the southern banks of the Betse and Betenten rivers since 1900.
European immigration to Brazil refers to the movement of European people to Brazil.
The Armenian diaspora population in Mexico is very small in comparison with other immigrant groups.
Mozammbican people in the United Kingdom includes British citizens and non-citizen immigrants and expatriates of Mozambican descent in the United Kingdom.
By a deed dated August 18, 2008, the state returned Nanih Waiya to the Choctaw.
UNRWA's count was 450,000 as of 2014 and has not updated this figure since.
They were distinct from the Kitanemuk and Gabrielino-Tongva.
The Sangu, at times called Rori, are an ethnic and linguistic group based in Mbeya Region, Tanzania.
The Alto Orinoco-Casiquiare Biosphere Reserve was established in 1993 with the objective of preserving the traditional territory and lifestyle of the Yanomami and Ye'kuana peoples.
The majority of Gurkha now reside in Yangon, Mandalay, Pyin U Lwin, Mogok, Tamu, Kalaymyo, Mandalay Division, Kachin State, Chin State and Shan State.
Later attempts to force the Church of England's control over dissident Protestants in Ireland were to lead to further waves of emigration to the trans-Atlantic colonies.
Irish New Zealanders are New Zealanders who are of Irish ancestry or New Zealanders who originate from Ireland.
This decision has caused much controversy because there is no consensus about it in Brazilian society.
The term Kikuyu is the Swahili form of the native pronunciation Gĩkũyũ.
The last person to have learned Livonian as a mother tongue, Grizelda Kristiņa, died in 2013.
Austronesian peoples added to the native Melanesian population around 2000 BCE.
Sri Lankans in Lebanon refer to people from Sri Lanka living in Lebanon.
There are roughly 782 Koreans in Sri Lanka, according to the 2013 statistics of South Korea's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade).
They speak Wolani, which is affiliated with the western branch of the Trans–New Guinea languages, similar to the nearby Ekari and Moni languages.
The Ebytoso converted to Christianity, while the Tomáraho have lived in marginal areas in order to preserve their traditional world views and lifeways.
This area was expanded upon in the wake of the Spanish conquest and administered from the former Aztec capital as New Spain.
Between the 1960s and 1970s, more Japanese immigrants arrived in the country.
Des Granges who were sent out by the London Missionary Society.
The Ministry of Public Works and Communications uses racial classification in the driver’s license, being white, mestizo, mulatto, black, and yellow the categories used.
Mazari is derived from the Balochi word mazar, which means "Tiger" in the Balochi language.
In Iraq, the numbers of Assyrians has declined to between 300,000 and 500,000.
This writing script contains at least 185 characters.
It is believed that Sinja is business hub and route of India and Tibet.
Since the late twentieth century, the Tribal Administrator, Lisa Leach, led the effort toward state recognition.
They are a recognized minority with their own language, schools, churches.
The Monguor or Tu people, White Mongol or Tsagaan Mongol are one of the 56 officially recognized ethnic groups in China.
Among these immigrants include members from the Tamil, Sinhalese, Moor, Malay and Burgher ethnicities.
There were 284,115 Ontarians who declared French as their home language, which represents only 2.2% of the population.
Physically, they were very strong, robust, dynamic and well.
There are also communities present, to a lesser extent, in Brisbane, Adelaide and Darwin.
They number around 40,000, centred in Valencia, Barcelona, and Madrid.
They were former members of the Hindu Halwai caste, who have converted to Islam.
According to the US Census, European Americans are a subset of White Americans.
Dodoma, located in the centre of Tanzania, is the de jure capital, although action to move government buildings to Dodoma has stalled..
This sect of Brahmins are spread over the Southern Districts of the Indian state of Karnataka.
Today the Tzotzil refer to their language as Bats'i k'op, which means "true word" in the modern language.
According to the 1998 census of Pakistan, Hindus constituted about 8% of the total population of Sindh province.
Berbers in France, who generally call themselves Amazigh and not Berbers, are estimated to number over 2 million people.
Children accompany the adults wherever they go, which means they never get to attend school.
In the 2006 census, the largest European ancestry groups were English, French, Scottish, Irish, German, Italian.
Since that time the group went through an extremely violent process of population loss, which reduced it to just 40 people in 1959.
Baltic Germans held citizenship in the Russian Empire until the Revolution of 1918.
In Upper Austria there are also some Sinti families.
Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary states that Ingiloys are an alternative name to Muslim Georgians.
The Kabardians, or Kabardinians, are the largest one of the twelve Adyghe tribes.
According to Paulsen, "they introduced their old democratic traditions into the patrician Dutch society of that time."
Most South African Canadians are White South Africans, mostly of British and Afrikaner ancestry.
Over half of the Minangkabau people can be considered overseas Minangkabaus.
The Kuwaiti government believes the Bedoon are foreign nationals from neighboring countries.
The number of Brazilians in the country is estimated at 40,000, nearly 10 percent of the population.
Kuchera is a Town and a municipality in Nagaur district in the Indian state of Rajasthan.
There has been sporadic emigration from Armenia to the UK since the 18th century, with the biggest influx coming after the Second World War.
Lebanese diaspora refers to Lebanese migrants and their descendants who, whether by choice or coercion, emigrated from Lebanon and now reside in other countries.
It is still being story not fact.
The Nuristan region has been a prominent location for war scenes that have led to the death of many indigenous Nuristanis.
The Haush or Manek'enk were an indigenous people, considered the oldest inhabitants of Tierra del Fuego, who spoke the Haush language.
The Brahmin Dogras are predominantly Saraswat Brahmins, genetically of common origin with Saraswat Brahmin of Kashmir.
The Marings also believed in the existence of the evil spirits or devils, called Shea-krao, Langa, tathi-tahoikhi-krao, kmang-krao, etc.
The community of Indians in Cyprus includes Indian expatriates in Cyprus, as well as Cypriot citizens of Indian origin or descent.
The Pnar, also known as Jaintia, are a tribal group in Meghalaya, India.
The Mashpee Wampanoag Indian Tribal Council, Inc., formerly known as the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe, is one of two federally recognized tribes of Wampanoag people in Massachusetts.
Georgians arose from the ancient Colchian and Iberian civilizations.
Syrians in Germany refers to Syrian immigrants to Germany, as well as their descendants.
Despite their diverse nationalities, the colonists used a common language and adopted similar attitudes towards politics.
Families were matrilocal; newlywed couples would live with the bride's family, where her mother and sisters could also assist her with her growing family.
They further subdivide themselves into twelve matrilinear kinship groups called lo.
Between 1824 and 1972, about 260,000 Germans settled in Brazil, the fifth largest nationality to immigrate after the Portuguese, the Italians, the Spanish, and the Japanese.
Currently living about 24,000 people of Estonian descent in Canada.
"Vezo" literally means the people who fish, but also has been known to mean 'to struggle with the sea'.
The Turks in Kosovo, also known as Kosovo Turks, Kosovan Turks are the ethnic Turks who constitute a minority group in Kosovo.
Pedi – in its broadest sense – is a cultural/linguistic term.
They had been settled in Goa before the Portuguese arrived.
Filipinos in Bahrain are either migrants or descendants of the Philippines living in Bahrain.
The Métis in Canada have a specific, unique culture.
The Abagas are a Southern Mongolian ethnic groups in Abag Banner, Inner Mongolia, China.
They are a distinct group compared to South Korean nationals who have travelled to Japan for the sole purpose of employment or study.
Some German Argentines, or their ancestors, originally settled in Brazil, and then later immigrated to Argentina.
The variations among these languages are used to group the Guraghe people into three dialectically varied subgroups: Northern, Eastern and Western.
Although the Holocaust occurred largely in German-occupied Poland, there was little collaboration with the Nazis by its citizens.
In Liberia's capital of Monrovia, they are the largest ethnic group.
The word is a cognate of the Spanish word mestizo and the Portuguese word mestiço.
Due to reasons such as politics, having to live in great isolation from the remaining Maldivian people, the Minicoians are steadily undergoing a process of acculturation.
The term Kubu is a Malay exonym ascribed to mobile, animist peoples who live throughout the lowland forests of Southeast Sumatra.
While there are living people who may have distant heritage from this tribe, the tribe itself no longer exists as a culturally intact tribal community.
They are situated in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
The allied tribes and Mestizos settled the Caxcan lands in Zacatecas and Jalisco.
The Chickasaw Nation was created after the Chickasaw people were forcibly removed by the US federal government to Indian Territory in the 1830s.
The United Kingdom had a strong economic influence in Argentina during the Victorian period.
A further 1,415 have applied for asylum.
These tribes merged in the early 19th century.
Vincentian Americans are Americans of full or partial Vincentian ancestry.
The Avars reside in a region known as the North Caucasus between the Black and Caspian Seas.
The Turkish minority have formed the Association des Turcs algériens to promote their culture.
They are the second largest ethnic group in the Democratic Republic of Congo, highly influential in its north region.
Many Sierra Leonean villages that border Liberia are populated by the Vai.
Their population is estimated to be anywhere up to 5,000 with the majority based in major commercial centres such as Riyadh and Jeddah.
As of 2016, there were over 100 Turkish educators teaching at these schools, and including their families gave a population of 400 Turks.
Omagua women would jeer at the women from other tribes, saying that their heads were "round like those of forest savages."
They have no connection with the Ranghar Bhatti of western Uttar Pradesh or those of Punjab.
Today, approximately 10,000 Lokono live primarily along the coasts and rivers of Venezuela, Guyana, Suriname, and French Guyana.
Ukrainian New Zealanders are an ethnic minority amongst New Zealanders, consisting mainly of Ukrainian immigrants and New Zealand-born citizens of Ukrainian descent.
The Fon people, also called Fon nu, Agadja or Dahomey, are a major African ethnic and linguistic group.
Instead the majority, especially those of younger generations, speak Spanish as a first language.
The local newspaper Abacaxi Times estimated that the total number of Brazilians living in Toronto in the 1990s was about 9,000.
A Faroese Dane is a resident of Denmark with a Faroese ethnic background.
British Sri Lankans are a demographic construct that contains people who can trace their ancestry to Sri Lanka.
They speak Kīmbeere language, which is a dialect very similar to the one spoken by their neighbours, the Embu and Kikuyu.
They speak the Nogai language and are descendants of various Mongolic and Turkic tribes, who formed the Nogai Horde.
As of 2006, approximately 14,547 Malaysian-born people lived in New Zealand.
The Turkana refer to themselves as "Ngiturkan" and their land as "Eturkan".
The latter were part of the Omaha before splitting off into a separate tribe in the mid-18th century.
The Kru are one of the many ethnic groups in Liberia, comprising 7% of the population.
The area now known as the Netherlands was once part of the Spanish Empire but in 1581, the northern Dutch provinces declared independence.
Their traditional territory was in the Southeastern United States of Mississippi, Alabama, and Tennessee.
The term Gujarati Muslims is usually used to signify an Indian Muslim from the state of Gujarat in North-western coast of India.
The Sirionó are an indigenous people of Bolivia.
The Luba people or Baluba are a large Bantu ethnic group from Central Africa, indigenous to the southern-central Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The name of village is after a Jatt clan Dhothar living here.
Regularly-scheduled classes give Samish people the opportunity to learn basket making, hat making, and other cedar work.
The history of the Jews in Estonia starts with individual reports of Jews in what is now Estonia from as early as the 14th century.
According to CIA Factbook, Costa Rica has white or mestizo population of the 83.6%.
Mogaveera is a community in the Karnataka state of India.
There is also a sizable Arab Christian Orthodox community in Lebanon and marginal communities in Iraq, Turkey and Egypt.
The term was widely used in 1950s, but has now become almost obsolete, probably because of the political eclipse of the Gond Rajas.
The Biloxi tribe are Native Americans of the Siouan language family.
There are approximately 4,000 Indians in Poland.
According to the 2011 census, they number 621,573 people or 3.08% of the total population, being the second-largest ethnic minority in Romania after Hungarians.
Canadian Jews or, alternatively, Jewish Canadians are Canadian citizens of the Jewish faith and/or Jewish ethnicity.
Irish Catholics have a large international diaspora, with includes more than 36 million Americans.
Thereafter the Damara were dominated by the Namaqua and the Herero, most living as servants in their households.
Cape Verdean Swedish are Swedish residents whose ancestry originated in Cape Verde.
All Trique peoples are known for their distinctive woven huipiles, baskets, and morrales.
Other immigrants were convicts or members of noble houses from Dutch East Indies who were exiled to Sri Lanka and who never left.
The word may refer to someone born in the US of Venezuelan descent or to someone who has emigrated to the US from Venezuela.
They are largely uncontacted by outside society, and live along the Piranha River, between the Juruá and Purus Rivers, in the state of Amazonas.
Ajam of Bahrain are an ethnic group in Bahrain composed of Shia Bahraini citizens of non-Arab Iranian national background.
Kulin Kayasthas are a sub-caste of the Kayastha caste in Bengal, India.
The U'wa are known to neighboring indigenous peoples as "the thinking people" or "the people who speak well".
Their homeland lies in the Barisan Mountains which has elevations of over 12,000 feet and extends more than one thousand miles.
In 1913, the district was divided between Boghda Khaanate of Mongolia and the Chinese province of Xinjiang, leaving some Uriankhais in far northwestern Xinjiang.
Most Libyan Americans speak Arabic and English.
Cuyunon refers to an ethnic group populating the Cuyo Islands, along with northern and central Palawan.
Their major towns are Angguruk and Kosarek, and which are isolated by challenging geography.
Alternate common spellings of Warao are Waroa, Guarauno, Guarao, and Warrau.
Archib is the 'parent village' of these, because three months a year the whole community used to reassemble in Archi to engage in communal work.
Japanese people in Pakistan form a small expatriate community, as well with people born in Pakistan with Japanese ancestry.
Only a few tombs are left in good condition.
This ended with the death of Sassacus [Uncas' cousin] at the hands of the Mohawk, an Iroquois Confederacy nation from west of the Hudson River.
The same description mentions two provinces, the Major Barta and the Minor Barta.
The Algonquin were a small tribe that also lives in northern Michigan and southern Quebec and eastern Ontario.
They are part of the ethnic Jewish diaspora.
The Riffians have lived a largely settled, agricultural lifestyle, using hand tools, oxen and cattle to plow the steeply terraced land in their valleys.
Their subsistence activities were historically centred on hunting and trapping caribou, moose, deer and small game.
These groups have reportedly engaged in various attacks against Chinese nationals and interests based in Turkey.
Their name means Albanians in Croatian and is the toponymy of the first Arbanasi settlement in the region, which today is a suburb of Zadar.
Archived from the original on 4 May 2013.
Most Cor live in the provinces Quảng Ngãi and Quảng Nam of the South Central Coast region of Vietnam, and numbered approximately 27,766 in 1999.
For example, the Tajiks of China are actually Pamiris and speak the Eastern Iranic Pamiri languages and are distinct from more western Tajiks.
The Macedonian community of Brazil refers to the group of ethnic Macedonians living in Brazil or their descendants.
These masks have been a part of their Poro secret rites of passage.
The predominant origin of regional Hispanic populations varies widely in different locations across the country.
The tribe operates its own gas station, a large sand and gravel operation, a farm, and the Fort McDowell Casino.
Nigerians began migrating to Canada during the 1967–1970 Biafra War.
Dholuo, spoken in Kenya, is considered to be proper and standard Luo because it contains elements from all other Lwoo languages.
They are associated with the occupation cattle rearing and the selling of milk.
Most of them live in Northeast China, especially in the Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture, which had 854,000 ethnic Koreans living there as of 2000.
There are over 50,000 Antakarana in Madagascar as of 2013.
The Cambeba people are an indigenous people in Brazil's Amazon Basin, with territory extending into Peru.
The minor tribes include: Khoid, Bayads, Myangad, Zakhchin, Baatud.
The Javanese Malaysians are people of full or partial Javanese descent who were born in or immigrated to Malaysia.
Major ethnic groups of Nepalese Americans consists of Paharis, Madhesis and Tharus.
The Amah-Mutsun Tribe are descendants of Mutsun Costanoan speakers of Mission San Juan Bautista, inland from Monterey Bay.
In the Eastern Anatolia Region, Azerbaijanis are sometimes referred to as acem or tat.
They live dispersed among the Buryats and now speak the Buryat language.
Grenadian Americans are Americans whose ancestry came from the Caribbean island of Grenada, or Grenadians who have American citizenship.
They make up 9% of the population and they're the largest group of African descent in in Central America.
According to the 2011 Census, there were 672 Poles living in Croatia, of which most lived in Zagreb.
Immigration began in earnest during the 1870s, when more than twice as many Italians immigrated than during the five previous decades altogether.
The Saxons' earliest area of settlement is believed to have been Northern Albingia, an area approximately that of modern Holstein.
The Queen too died on 27 August 2010.
The Tujia, with a total population of over 8 million, is the 8th largest ethnic minority in the People's Republic of China.
76,737 Muslims live in Scotland, 45,950 in Wales, and 3,832 in Northern Ireland.
Population estimates vary between 30,000 and over 60,000.
There are a number of Pakistanis working as high-tech experts in information technology and the health sector.
It is thought that the UK is home to the oldest Sudanese diaspora in the Western World, as well as one of the largest.
European Peruvians live primarily in Lima, Trujillo, Chiclayo, Piura, Cajamarca and Arequipa, mainly in the Peruvian coast.
They call themselves Yakthumba and in Sikkimese as Shong or Tsong "Tsang people".
The original inhabitants of the reservation were members of the kwevikopaya, or Southeastern Yavapai, who lived in the nearby Mazatzal-Four Peak and Superstition Mountains area.
Their dialect is remarkable in that it does not borrow from other Baltic-Finnish languages due to centuries of geographical isolation.
The Pocomoke Indian Nation concurs on federal projects that must comply with Section 106 and NAGPRA provisions.
The majority of Nigerians arrived in Japan after the 1980s.
New Zealanders, colloquially known as Kiwis, are people associated with New Zealand, sharing a common history and culture.
White Latin Americans or European Latin Americans are Latin Americans who are considered white, typically due to European, or in some cases Levantine, descent.
The estimated population of Sri Lankans in France is from 120,000 - 150,000.
Proto-Iranians are believed to have emerged as a separate branch of the Indo-Iranians in Central Asia in the mid 2nd millennium BC.
Archived from the original on 17 June 2011.
It is part of the Federation of International Bandy.
Under Spanish rule, most of the Filipino populace embraced Roman Catholicism, yet revolted many times against its hierarchy.
The First Nation is also pursuing a land claim in its traditional territory in the northwestern corner of British Columbia.
There is a large Kurdish community in Germany, numbering around 650,000-800,000 people.
They are currently represented in Croatia and Montenegro by the Italian National Community.
The Vietnamese people in France consists of people of Vietnamese ancestry who were born in or immigrated to France.
The reservation is located near Pendleton, Oregon at the base of the Blue Mountains.
Barbadians are a multi-ethnic and multicultural society of various different ethnic, religious and national origins.
The Jordanian Druze people are believed to constitute about 0.5% of the total population of Jordan, which is around 32,000.
The Loma refer to their language as Löömàgòòi [lɔːmàɡòːi] or Löghömàgòòi [lɔɣɔmàɡòːi]).
The Savu people are the people of Savu and smaller neighbouring Raijua in East Nusa Tenggara, Indonesia.
In 2000, the Silt'e, refusing to identify as Gurage, voted overwhelmingly for the establishment of a separate special administrative unit within SNNPR by the EPRDF government.
Filipinos in Switzerland consist of migrants from the Philippines to Switzerland and their descendants.
The others are located in Oklahoma and Kansas.
Most of the remaining Jews left Poland in late 1968 as the result of the Soviet-sponsored "anti-Zionist" campaign.
The emigration of a large number of Armenian-Cypriots to the United Kingdom has virtually shaped today's British-Armenian community.
The Montgomery Creek Rancheria is a federal Indian reservation belonging to members of the Pit River Tribe, a federally recognized tribe of indigenous people of California.
The movement involved many political and social organizations and armed and unarmed struggle.
Thus, when Germany was founded as a nation-state in 1871, Austria was not a part of it.
In 2008, ISTAT, Italy’s statistics office, reported that there were 113,686 documented Filipinos living in Italy whereas the number had been 105,675 in 2007.
Poqomchí is spoken in Baja Verapaz and in Alta Verapaz: Santa Cruz Verapaz, San Cristóbal Verapaz, Tactic, Tamahú and Tucurú.
The Nuu-chah-nulth language is part of the Wakashan language group.
The Leonese are the native inhabitants of León whose homeland is the former Kingdom of León.
A good number of them were sons of prominent families who were fleeing a debt or had some other reason to make themselves scarce.
They are peaceful and pleasure-loving, and by no means fond of war.
Sourashtrians are veggies by birth and their ancestral origin is Gujarat.
The Udis are an ancient native people of the Caucasus.
The Chik are a Muslim community, found in the states of Bihar and Uttar Pradesh in India.
Azerbaijanis in Georgia or Georgian Azerbaijanis are Azerbaijani people in Georgia, and are Georgian citizens and permanent residents of ethnic Azerbaijani background.
Over time, Chile has received several contingents of Jewish immigrants.
The Turkish people form the largest ethnic minority in Germany.
Most Afro-Iranians are concentrated in Hormozagan, Sistan and Baluchestan and Khuzestan.
As of 2008, there were about 53 Filipino organisations in Austria.
The wholesale deaths greatly weakened and hollowed out the Native American societies.
The Onondaga people are one of the original five constituent nations of the Iroquois Confederacy in northeast North America.
Portuguese were able mariners and Sephardic Jews were essential in helping navigate the waters of India.
They speak the Kalasha language, from the Dardic family of the Indo-Aryan branch.
The population has become large enough to create a Caboverdeano Clube in Toronto and support Cape Verdean restaurants.
In Pakistan, they are found mainly in Karachi.
Approximately 710 live in French Guiana in three villages, and 905 live in eight villages in Brazil.
The Chepang have often been characterized as the poorest of Nepal’s poor.
The Alaskan Athabascan culture is an inland creek and river fishing and hunter-gatherer culture.
The history of the Jews in Moldova reaches back several centuries.
Although the Mosuo are culturally distinct from the Nakhi, the Chinese government places them as members of the Nakhi minority.
It is estimated that there are one million Romani people in the United States.
They are also known as Sabub'n or Lano.
A substantial portion of this number is due to ethnic Poles, ethnic Germans and Jews immigrating from the Russian Empire.
Most Lebanese immigrants in Brazil have worked as traders, roaming the vast country to sell textiles and clothes and open new markets.
Spanish Brazilians are Brazilians of full or partial Spanish ancestry.
The Tepehuánes have divided into three Nations:
In the 1950s, they set up many nationality primary schools and middle schools that recruited only Mongolian students.
Palestinian Australians, refers to Australian citizens of Palestinian origin or Palestinian immigrants who live in Australia.
Two other Muscogee tribal towns are federally recognized, and 40 tribal towns, or talwa, remain enrolled in the Muscogee Creek Nation.
Other theories state that they tribe lingered on until a smallpox epidemic in 1741.
The waMeru are known for their intensive agricultural practises.
The Saho, sometimes called Soho, are an ethnic group inhabiting the Horn of Africa.
According to a staff member at a Chinese-language newspaper in Pakistan, there are 400,000 Chinese people living in Pakistan.
The largest New Zealand-born community in Australia was in the state of Queensland, with 192,037 people.
They traditionally live in longhouses called rumah panjai.
Most Canarian Americans now speak only English, although some Canarian communities that speak different dialects of the Spanish language are still extant in Louisiana.
The Uzbeks of Guelph are mainly coming from Fariab oblast and Andha city in particular.
Guerin Kouka in the Kara Region is the capital town of Bikpakpaam in Togo.
According to the 2011 Canadian census, 599,225 in Quebec declare English as a mother tongue.
Russian Brazilians are Brazilian citizens of full, partial, or predominantly Russian national background or descent, or Russian-born people residing in Brazil.
They are descended from the Arain community of Punjab and Sindh..
The band is made up of the Yuhaviatam clan of Serrano people, who have traditionally lived in the San Bernardino Mountains.
Mongolian Canadians are Canadian citizens who are descended from migrants from Mongolia.
Today, people from countries with German-speaking majorities most often subscribe to their own national identities and may or may not also self-identify as ethnically German.
In the rest of the territory, the influence of Leonese on the language is marginal.
The relationship between the two groups has been long and complex.
The Fore people live in the Okapa District of the Eastern Highlands Province, Papua New Guinea.
They are the southernmost band of Northern Paiute.
Mazari is a Baloch tribe in Pakistan.
The serpent is worshipped by Nair families as a guardian of the clan.
Crimean Tatars in Turkey refers to citizens and denizens of Turkey who are, or descend from, the Tatars of Crimea.
Once written in Mi'kmaq hieroglyphic writing, it is now written using most letters of the Latin alphabet.
During World War II, thousands of Germans fled to Colombia.
In 2005, the number of Kryts was between 10,000 and 15,000.
Algerians in the United Kingdom are residents of the UK with ancestry from Algeria.
Their territory was between the Tehuelche people to the south and the Puelche people to their north.
The term Biate comes from the word Bia-te.
The Pee Dee people, also Pedee and Peedee, are American Indians of the Southeast United States.
They speak primarily the Guang languages of the Niger-Congo language family.
The Bamileke chiefdoms of Fongo Tongo, Foto, Foreke Dschang, and Fondongela all claim origin from the Mbo.
Although Tahitian law at the time prohibited marriage to foreigners, Queen Pomare IV suspended the law for three days to allow the marriage.
According to Israel's Central Bureau of Statistics, the Arab population in 2013 was estimated at 1,658,000, representing 20.7% of the country's population.
About 70,000 people live in historical Võrumaa and many more identify as Võros although they live outside the territory, mostly in Tartu and Tallinn.
They joined German scientists who had organised a Sleeping Sickness Treatment Research Group.
There is also a substantial community of Sunni citizens of Persian descent, although they do not self-identify as Ajam.
Vietnamese people in the United Kingdom include British citizens and non-citizen immigrants and expatriates of full or partial Vietnamese ancestry living in the United Kingdom.
They are predominantly agriculturalists and both freshwater and ocean fishermen living along the Tana River in the Tana River County.
Massacres, such as the Dersim rebellion and the Zilan massacre, have periodically occurred against the Kurds since the establishment of the Republic of Turkey in 1923.
According to various estimates, they compose between 15% and 20% of the population of Turkey.
Some anti-Semitic events and acts have occurred, mainly during the 2006 Lebanon War such as vandalism of Jewish cemeteries.
Many of them were sailors, conquistadors, clergy, and members of the military.
They have a history stretching back to the late 18th century.
Middle Columbia Salish, so called by Teit and Spier.
They have maintained their original Kodava clan names and dress habits and speak Kodava takk, although now they do follow some Mappila and Beary customs also.
There are nearly 2.1 million registered Palestinian refugees in Jordan as of 2014.
About 600 Kayan reside in the three villages open to tourists in Mae Hong Sorn, or in the Ban Mai Nai Soy refugee camp.
During the Syrian Civil War, Syrian Turkmen have been involved in military actions against Syrian government forces and have looked to Turkey for support and protection.
The Metis Foundation estimates that there are about 40,000 Afro-Russians.
About 1% of Britain's population speaks Polish.
Macedonians in Austria refers to the ethnic Macedonian minority residing in the country.
Bodos are the single largest group in the Northeast region of India.
Their autonym is Tinde or Dinde, meaning "the People".
The Ewen herders also rode their reindeer.
On 25 September 1493, Christopher Columbus set sail on his second voyage with 17 ships and 1,200–1,500 men from Cádiz, Spain.
The peculiar form and role of religion in Andalusia has been subject to significant ethnographic and anthropological study.
Many are found as migrant fishermen in camps as far west as Sierra Leone and as far east as Gabon along the Western Africa.
Bissa, Bisa, Busansi), is a Mande ethnic group of south-central Burkina Faso, northeastern Ghana, the northernmost tip of Togo and northern Benin.
Non-Muslim religious practices endure in Nuristan today to some degree as folk customs.
The Africans in Hawaii, also known as Pōpolo, are a minority of 4.0% of the population and 2.3% are of African descent only.
Bakhtiaris primarily inhabit Chahar Mahaal and Bakhtiari and eastern Khuzestan, Lorestan, Bushehr, and Isfahan.
The Indonesian government has recognised this animistic belief as Aluk To Dolo.
Abzakh, Besleney, Bzhedug, Hatuqwai, Kabardian, Mamkhegh, Natukhai, Shapsug, Temirgoy, Ubykh, Yegeruqwai, and Zhaney, each one represented by a star on the green-and-gold Circassian flag.
Their population was estimated at 2,000 in the year 1991.
The name is derived from "Ezhu ooru" meaning "seven towns".
The Sherpa language belongs to the south branch of the Tibeto-Burman languages, and it is mixed Eastern Tibet and Lhasa dialogue.
Russia has an embassy in Vilnius, with consulates in Klaipėda.
According to U.S. census estimates, in 2006 there were 961,113 Americans of Ukrainian descent representing 0.33% of the American population.
The largest percentage of Australian expats are based in Europe, and the next largest percentage are in Asia.
They are mostly concentrated in Eastern Uttar Pradesh,Bihar,Jharkhand.
The Jewish community of Denmark constitutes a small minority within Danish society.
The largest ethnic groups in Israel are Jews, followed by Arabs and other minorities.
A Scottish Argentine population has existed at least since 1825.
On November 14, 2012, the Community opened UltraStar Multi-Tainment Center at Ak-Chin Circle.
"Song Keeper" Jerry Alfred is leading a movement to keep the language alive through his music.
After the islands were occupied by Japan in 1914, a large-scale Japanese immigration to them took place in the 1920s and 1930s.
The native Polynesian people of New Zealand and Hawaii are minorities in their homelands.
In addition, there are First Nations of Odawa people in Ontario, Canada, including on Manitoulin Island, their original homeland.
Starting in 1938, Hungary under Miklós Horthy passed a series of anti-Jewish measures in emulation of Germany's Nürnberg Laws.
Greece has a significant Arab population of about 30,800 people.
It can also refer to Kutchi Memons and Sindhi Memons.
They can also be found almost anywhere in the world, including North America, Australia and France.
The population consists of about 125 ethnic groups.
Their autonym is Toi Ticutta meaning "Cattail Eaters."
Ghanaians in the United Kingdom are Ghanaians of British descent or Ghanaian immigrants to the United Kingdom and their descendants.
Austrian immigration has been linked to other migratory flows towards the South American country as the German and Swiss immigration waves, among others.
They have their own language, Chamalal, and primarily follow Sunni Islam, which reached the Chamalal people around the 8th or 9th century.
At that time there was created the Jewish National Union and the community was granted an autonomous status.
This includes people born in the UK who are of Pakistani descent, and Pakistani-born people who have migrated to the UK.
Apart from anthropological literature, the term "Twa" generally refers to the Twa of the Great Lakes region.
Kalmyk Americans are Americans of Kalmyk descent.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, 594,418 U.S. residents identify themselves as being of Peruvian origin.
Most speak one of the many Papuan languages, though a few groups such as Moluccans, the Motu and Fijians speak Austronesian languages.
They inhabit the eastern hills of Nepal and Himalayan Indina.
The Notawasepe Potawatamie Reservation is located at 42°06′18″N 85°15′40″W in Athens Township in southwestern Calhoun County in southwestern Michigan.
Tamils were noted for their martial, religious and mercantile activities beyond their native borders.
The Malaysian Chinese or Chinese Malaysians consist of people of full or partial Chinese—particularly Han Chinese ancestry who were born in or immigrated to Malaysia.
French Mexicans are Mexican citizens of full or partial French ancestry.
The Office for National Statistics estimates that 113,000 people born in Australia were resident in the UK in 2013.
The Sakai people considered themselves to have originate from Pagaruyung Kingdom.
Most Vincentians are the descendants of African people brought to the island to work on plantations.
Over the years, English customs and identity have become fairly closely aligned with British customs and identity in general.
They are the native speakers of the Tulu language.
If all people with Chinese ancestry in Hawaiʻi are included, they form about 1/3 of Hawaii's entire population.
The Hamar are an Omotic community inhabiting southwestern Ethiopia.
The Sinhalese people speak the Sinhalese language, an Indo-Aryan language, and are predominantly Theravada Buddhists, although a small percentage of Sinhalese follow branches of Christianity.
The Santhal mostly speak Santali, a member of the Munda language family.
Winona is dubbed "Kashubian Capital of America", because of the largest population of Kashubians there.
Protestantism in Lebanon is a Christian minority in an overwhelmingly Muslim and Christian country.
A culture-based estimate gives the percentage of Mestizos as high as 90%.
In the past, the Mari have also been known as the Cheremis in Russian and the Çirmeş in Tatar.
The entire lake area is in Nyaung Shwe township.
More recently Chin has been rejected by some in favor of Zomi, although the Zomi are also a small Northern Kukish language group.
They are popularly referred to by the acronym GSB.
The Nooksack are a federally recognized Native American people in northwestern Washington state in the United States.
They claim to be descendants of the Tribe of Ephraim, of the Ten Lost Tribes, and since the 1980s have learned to practice modern Judaism.
The Bear River Band of the Rohnerville Rancheria is a federally recognized tribe of Mattole, Bear River and Wiyot people in Humboldt County, California.
Filipinos in Oman are either migrants or descendants of the Philippines living in Oman.
They also live on nearby island Buru and other islands.
The Esan people are an ethnic group of southsouth Nigeria who speak the Esan language.
This was one of the largest land empires in history.
They absorbed peoples of varying degrees of Tuscarora, African, and Dutch and other European ancestry.
Gorolski Święto is an annual international cultural and folklore festival held in Jablunkov with a primary goal to present folklore of the local Gorals.
Of a total population of about 21,000 people, about 10,000 speak the language.
Most Mam live in Guatemala, in the departments of Huehuetenango, San Marcos, and Quetzaltenango.
Canadians in Haiti consist mainly of expatriates from Canada.
They live on forty-two self-fashioned floating islands in Lake Titicaca near Puno.
Each Ga town has a number of different cults and many gods, and there are a number of annual town festivals.
The portmanteau "Nuyorican" refers to Puerto Ricans and their descendants in the New York City metropolitan area.
Many South Sudanese have moved to the US since the 1990s as war refugees, escaping civil war in Sudan and the refugee camps in Africa.
The Manskin name lives on in toponyms on maps today, whose origins were recognized only recently.
The Cabécar are an indigenous group of the remote Talamanca region of eastern Costa Rica.
Irish Brazilians are Brazilian citizens of Irish ancestry, or Irish-born people residing in Brazil.
The Merina people, also known as the Imerina, Antimerina or Hova, are the largest ethnic group in Madagascar.
They speak the Mpuono language, spoken by an estimated 165,000 people as of 1972.
As with the Surigaonons, the Butuanons are also previously considered as Cebuanos.
Today, remaining Biloxi descendants have merged with the Tunica and other remnant peoples.
The Jakhanke have historically constituted a specialized caste of professional Muslim clerics and educators.
Italian Somalis are Somali descendants from Italian colonists, as well as long-term Italian residents in Somalia.
From the 1950s through the 1990s, the San switched to farming because of government-mandated modernisation programs.
Since then, Bhutanese people of Nepalese origin started to settle in uninhabited areas of southern Bhutan.
A permanent pavilion about the Holocaust of Greek Jews in KZ Auschwitz shall be installed.
Today, the Penangite Indians are one of the most successful ethnic groups in Penang state and whole of Malaysia.
As a means of survival, the tribe has turned to tourism, attracting thousands of people annually to its streams and waterfalls at the Havasupai Indian Reservation.
Serbs in Spain or Spanish Serbs, is a Spanish citizen of Serb ethnic descent or Serbia-born person who resides in Spain.
They speak the Igbok language, a member of the West Visayan subdivision of the Visayan languages under the Austronesian language family.
Ethnic Chinese in Brunei are people of full or partial Chinese – particularly Han Chinese – ancestry who are citizens or residents in Brunei.
Because of the poor economic conditions in Japan, a surplus of skilled farmers in Japan occurred.
According to the 2002 census there were 686 Orochs in Russia.
Irish mythology and Brehon law were preserved, albeit Christianized.
Omanis have inhabited the territory that is now Oman for thousands of years.
They number an estimated 60,000 people, and speak a transitional South Slavic dialect, called Našinski.
Ethnic Ghanaians make up 85.4% of the total population.
They first came into contact with Spanish conquistadores in the 1530s; however, they were not finally subdued by the Spanish colonial authorities until the 1680s.
According to the 2001 Ukrainian Census, in Ukraine resides 91,548 ethnic Greeks that is 0.2% of whole population of Ukraine.
This makes them the largest visible minority group in Canada, followed by Chinese and Black Canadians respectively.
Greek Cypriots are mostly members of the Church of Cyprus, an autocephalous Greek Orthodox Church within the wider communion of Orthodox Christianity.
The Mahar are a Sindhi tribe found among both the Seraiki people of South Punjab, Pakistan as well as being found in Sindh, Pakistan.
The Arain of Delhi are an Urdu speaking Muslim community found in Delhi, India.
Another group has federal recognition as the Kootenai Tribe of Idaho.
Slightly more than half of the ethnic Chinese population in Thailand trace their ancestry to eastern Guangdong Province.
As of 2015, Venezuelans were the fifth largest immigrant group in Mexico, following Americans, Guatemalans, Spaniards and Colombians.
Since the late 20th century, some North Carolina persons claiming Tuscarora ancestry had formed bands in which they identify as Tuscarora.
Many people identifying as Rusyns now regard themselves as a minority.
Following expulsion from Iberia in 1492 by the Alhambra Decree, a few families of Sephardic Jews eventually made their way to Cochin in the 16th century.
The Kurdish people within Iraq have grappled with various political statuses over their history.
For Mexicans of West Asian descent see Arab Mexican and Turks in Mexico.
The Ibi, also known as the Yui or Ibihica, were a Timucua chiefdom in the present-day U.S. state of Georgia during the 16th and 17th centuries.
Prior to independence, there were 255,000 Europeans in Tunisia in 1956.
The Finnic group has four sub-divisions: The Sami, considered to have been originally not a Finno-Ugric people who adopted a Finnic language.
Prior to 1930 Soviet ethnologists considered them to be a distinct ethnic group.
Bulgarian Australians are Australian citizens of Bulgarian ancestry.
The community was officially created by an Executive Order of US President Rutherford B. Hayes on June 14, 1879.
Nowadays, more Filipinos going to Thailand to work as overseas Filipino workers.
Some of the Karen, led primarily by the Karen National Union, have waged a war against the central Burmese government since early 1949.
The Cantonese people were historically responsible for establishing the Cantonese language's usage in Hong Kong during the early migration to the colonial era.
However, according to the Human Rights Watch the Greek population in Turkey is estimated at 2,500 in 2006.
A very small number of families use the slightly different spelling of "Vora" or "Vohra" as their surname.
Ethnic Somalis number around 16-20 million and are principally concentrated in Somalia, Ethiopia, Kenya, and Djibouti.
Latin America has the largest diasporas of Spaniards, Portuguese, Black Africans, Italians, Lebanese and Japanese in the world.
An all encompassing, multigenerational total of 69,159 people claimed Hungarian ethnicity/ancestry and cultural heritage.
As a result, Trinidadians do not equate their nationality with ethnicity, but with citizenship and cultural identification with the islands, or with Trinidad or Tobago specifically.
Welsh Canadians are Canadian citizens of Welsh descent or Wales-born people who reside in Canada.
The Behlim(Belim) are a Muslim Rajput community found mainly in North India.
The people ceded their homeland to South Carolina in 1840 by a treaty; it was not approved by the United States Senate and was automatically invalided.
The seminary temporarily withdrew Father Davion from the area.
In 1998, a Xukuru leader, Chicão, was assassinated, apparently because of his opposition to the encroachment of ranchers in Xukuru territory.
While the Dawida only kept the skulls of old men above seventy years, the Saghala kept women and children skulls as well as the men.
Brazil also includes some Romani descended from people deported by the government of Portugal during the Inquisition in the colonial era.
Nuristan has also received abundance of settlers from the surrounding Afghanistan regions due to the borderline vacant location.
Each of these populations was an endogamous dialectal group, consisting of multiple residential bands, with no peaceful interaction between the groups.
Pakistani Norwegians have strong presence in higher education, media, and politics.
Considered archaic or pejorative, the term Scotch has also been used for Scottish people, primarily outside Scotland.
They live along the Paraná River, near the mouth of the Sucuriú River into the headwaters of the Ivinhema and Vacaria Rivers.
They are perceived by some to number disproportionately highly among the professional middle class.
The Tumbwe are a small group of about 100,000 people whose homeland is on the west shore of Lake Tanganyika.
They were also traditionally a highly separate group to the Ashkenazi Jews in Georgia, who arrived following the Russian annexation of Georgia.
Bulgarians are mostly found in the Strumica area, but over the years, the absolute majority of southwestern Republic of Macedonia have declared themselves Macedonian.
They traditionally spoke the Juaneño language, a variety closely related to the Luiseño language of the nearby Luiseño people, but this is extinct.
They subsist agriculturally, and their culture reflects a fusion of Maya and Spanish influences.
The Charter of the Arab League endorsed the principle of an Arab homeland whilst respecting the individual sovereignty of its member states.
Their indigenous language is also called Achi and is closely related to K'iche'.
The Akvakh live in the Akhvakhsky District of Dagestan between the Avar and Andi Rivers.
Most of the Macedonian population is present in the country's capital - Budapest.
The low numbers identifying as Ainu are a result of the refusal by the federal government to recognise the Ainu as a "living" ethnic group.
Austrians in the United Kingdom include citizens or non-citizen immigrants of the United Kingdom who originate from Austria.
A total of five other federally recognized tribes of Luiseño are located in southern California.
2009 statistics of Spain's Instituto Nacional de Estadística showed 35,686 Indian citizens in Spain; this figure does not include persons of Indian origin holding other citizenships.
Russian citizens who moved before the Second World War are called "Old Russians".
Elements of Indigenous, French, British, and more recent immigrant customs, languages and religions have combined to form the culture of Canada and thus a Canadian identity.
The Egi group comprises seventeen communities with a history of nature resources.
The current Spokane Indian Reservation is located in eastern Washington, centered in Wellpinit.
They are the largest Lebanese diaspora community in West Africa.
Zimbabwean Americans are Americans of full or partial Zimbabwean ancestry.
The Kavalan or Kuvalan are an indigenous people of Taiwan, part of the larger Taiwanese aborigine ethnic group.
The Onniguds are a sub-ethnic group of the Southern Mongols in Ongniud Banner, China.
In the over forty-year history of this community, 11,400 Arabs have migrated to Bulgaria.
Hinduism had existed in the region of Bengal before the 16th century BC and by the 3rd century, Buddhism and Jainism were popular too.
According to other authors, the family migrated from Sarsa in Hissar.
Among them, Liaoning has the largest population and Hebei, Heilongjiang, Jilin, Inner Mongolia and Beijing have over 100,000 Manchu residents.
They were one of the last native groups in South America to be encountered by migrant ethnic Europeans or Westerners in the late 19th century.
They are noted for following a matrilineal system of inheritance called Aliyasantana.
The Shinnecock Indian Nation is a federally recognized tribe of historically Algonquian-speaking Native Americans based at the eastern end of Long Island, New York.
Common Tribes include Babi or Babai, Khan, Bangash, Durrani, and Yousafzai.
Like the Afro-Abkhazians, they trace their origin to the Ottoman slave trade.
Their main concentration is in Manipur where more than 48,379 Paite speakers were recorded in the 2001 census.
The Pitcairn Islands is a nation, home to people of different ethnic and national backgrounds.
They developed sophisticated ways to deal with the challenging climate and environment, and cultures rooted in the place.
Gujral and Gulzari Lal Nanda and former Indian cricketer Kapil Dev and scientist Hargobind Khorana.
Migration from the Switzerland to France has increased rapidly from the 1980s onward and by 2013 there were an estimated 194,500 Swiss citizens living in France.
Nigerian Americans are Americans who are of Nigerian ancestry.
The Chuj, and their ancestors, are believed to have lived in the same area for 4,000 years.
The Kaleun people are an ethnic group of Thailand and Laos.
There are approximately 100,000 Salvadorans with Palestinian ancestry, which is the second most in Central America after Honduras.
In the Canadian Census, Canadians with descent from Afghanistan are classified as West Asian.
They are very similar to the Zanj-descended populations in Iraq and Kuwait, and are known in Pakistan as Sheedis and in India as Siddis.
In northern dialects, both the language and the people are referred to as Dagara.
4,760 people declared Macedonian as their mother tongue.
Additionally, many Afro-Spaniards born in Spain are from the former Spanish colony Equatorial Guinea.
Guided by the authority of the Muslim Representative Council, religious, social, and economic matters affecting Muslims have often been redressed through negotiations.
At present, however, all of the Andian villages are linked by automobile routes.
The Piscataway Indian Nation , also called Piscatawa , is a state-recognized tribe in Maryland that claims descent from the historic Piscataway tribe.
Klallam refers to four related indigenous Native American/First Nations communities from the Pacific Northwest of North America.
The Rakhine, are an ethnic group in Myanmar forming the majority along the coastal region of present-day Rakhine State.
Their settlement was along the Santee River, since dammed and called Lake Marion.
Poland was the fourth largest net migrants contributor after Italy, Spain and Germany.
Peruvian Canadians are Canadian citizens of Peruvian descent or a Peru-born person who resides in Canada.
Currently, most of the descendants of Finnish immigrants live in the city of Oberá, Misiones.
The Washoe Tribe of Nevada and California are a federally recognized tribe of Washoe Indians, living in California and Nevada.
The Semai are a semi sedentary ethnic group living in the center of the Malay Peninsula in Southeast Asia, known especially for their nonviolence.
They disappeared from the historical record after 1728.
The origin of Gan-speaking people in China are from Jiangxi province in China.
This group is often called the za chlebem immigrants because most were peasants in Poland who did not own land and lacked basic subsistence.
The majority are concentrated in West London, home to London's Hindu community, though populations can be found throughout London.
Armenian Americans are citizens or residents of the United States who have total or partial Armenian ancestry.
Marind or Marind-Anim are people living in South New Guinea.
The Kumandins also known as the Kumandy, Kumanda, Qumandy and Qumanda are a people indigenous to Central Asia.
Lakhera found in Hindi Belt, Lakhera belongs to Kshatriya Rajput family of Rajasthan.
The Suyá, also called the Kisêdjê, are indigenous people in Brazil, at the headwaters of the Xingu River.
Bands were very fluid and nomadic, and they often interacted with and intermarried other bands of Shoshone.
The Nzime are an ethnic group inhabiting the rain forest zone of southeastern Cameroon.
A Maltese community has existed in Gibraltar since shortly after its capture by an Anglo-Dutch fleet in 1704.
They are found on the southernmost tip of Hainan near the city of Sanya.
They are generally divided geographically and culturally in the Kullyspelm and the Silkatkmlschi.
The Chitty are a distinctive group of Tamil people found mainly in Malacca and Singapore, who are also known as the Indian Peranakans.
The majority being mixed with Black Haitian, French and/or Taíno Indian ancestry.
Of the more than 21,000 members, roughly half live on the reservation.
Many ethnic Kashmiris from the Kashmir Valley migrated to the Punjab region during the Dogra, Sikh and Afghan rule of Kashmir.
Bands were very fluid and nomadic, and they often interacted with and intermarried other bands of Shoshone and other tribes, such as the Bannock.
Further waves of immigration occurred in the 19th and 20th centuries.
The large majority of them of Sindhi descent.
The Koore are an ethnic group whose homeland lies in southern Ethiopia.
According to the Organisation of Economic Cooperation and Development, there are 78,616 people born in South Africa that currently live in the United States.
In the 1950s the neurological disease Kuru was discovered in the South Fore.
After independence, the Esan people have suffered from civil war, poverty, and lack of infrastructure.
Bulgarian Jews in Israel are Jewish immigrants and descendants of the immigrants of the Bulgarian Jewish communities, who now reside within the state of Israel.
The Greek community in the Netherlands numbers between 4,000 and 12,500 people.
The Laguna Pueblo is federally recognized Native American tribe of the Pueblo people in west-central New Mexico, USA.
The Germanic Vandals and Suebi, with part of the Iranian Alans under King Respendial conquered the peninsula in 409 AD.
The tsingy of the Antankarana may be visited at the Ankarana Reserve.
Now, there are few hundred people each concentrated in and around Tehran and Zahidan, primarily engaged in various small businesses.
The Bulgarian Turks in Turkey represent a community of Bulgarian Turks, who immigrated over the years from Bulgaria to Turkey.
They also have tribal members in Canada, Mexico, Hawaii, the Middle East, Germany.
Most Jordanians live in Dubai and the capital, Abu Dhabi.
As listed below, there were numerous smaller bands and tribes who shared many cultural traits.
The remainder live in unrecognized, unplanned townships which are officially illegal.
The name "Tillamook" is a Chinook language term meaning "people of Nekelim."
Many expatriates run spaza shops, or barber shops; and the Johannesburg's Fordsburg is said to be among the best places to find Pakistani food.
The reward of a virtuous life is immediate, since "after death the good are born again at once into this world".
Jews became prominent in science, the arts and business.
Dutch Brazilians refers to Brazilians of full or partial Dutch ancestry.
Mugheri are a social group descended from Arabs, however, in Pakistan they are considered to be Baloch.
The Warmians, along with the other Prussians, were conquered by the Teutonic Knights, a crusading military order under direct command of the pope.
Since the arrival of the conquistadores, Taino women were stolen and some became commodities for Spaniards to trade.
It witnessed further conversions among the Bengali elite during the 19th century Bengali renaissance.
Romani people in Tunisia speak the Domari language.
Their traditional occupation is that of carpentry.
The Ilocanos or Iloko people are the third largest Filipino ethnolinguistic group that mostly reside within the Ilocos Region in the northwestern seaboard of Luzon, Philippines.
According to the Soviet Census, there were as few as 11 Chinese living in then-Lithuanian SSR.
There is a significant community of Lebanese people in Senegal.
The Knanaya, also known as the Southists or Tekkumbhagar, are an endogamous group in the Saint Thomas Christian community of Kerala, India.
Many remained as small businessmen, working as camel drivers, merchants and hawkers, selling goods between small rural communities.
The Digo are an ethnic and linguistic group based near the Indian Ocean coast between Mombasa in southern Kenya and Tanga in northern Tanzania.
Up to 300,000 of Azerbaijanis who reside in Turkey are citizens of Azerbaijan.
The Simeulue people became more widely known worldwide after the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami because of their high survival rate.
The Blackfoot used these to expand their territory at the expense of neighboring tribes.
White Americans are Americans who are considered or reported as White.
The majority of Scottish immigrants settled in the South Island.
Chin is the primary ethnic group of the Chin State, who have many related languages, cultures, and traditions.
The Beja people are an ethnic group inhabiting Sudan, as well as parts of Eritrea, Egypt, and the Eastern Desert.
Speaking the Muskogee language, they were formerly known as the Creek Nation East of the Mississippi.
Although much of Zanzibar's native population came from the mainland, one group known as Shirazis traces its origins to the island's early Persian settlers.
It is unknown how many Saxons migrated from the Continent to Britain: though estimates for the total number of Anglo-Saxon settlers are around 200,000.
Jamot trained as a medical doctor at the University of Montpellier.
The Monacan Tribe has not been recognized as an Indian tribe by the federal government.
Of these, 47,033 lived in Vojvodina, where they formed the fourth largest ethnic group, representing 2.8% of the population.
In Uttar Pradesh, the community are also known as Bharbhunja Shaikh.
Following contact with European colonists, ancestors of the Ramapough Lenape Indian Nation were also known to have spoken Jersey Dutch and English.
Also, most of the Caxcans were sent into slavery by the Spanish to work in silver mines.
By 1993, there were less than 100 elderly speakers of the language left, but some 2,400 people considered themselves ethnic Itelmen in the 1989 census.
Russian and Tatar historians usually treat the Nağaybäks as an integral part of Volga Tatars; a minority considers Nağaybäks a separate ethnicity in their own right.
Today, Sindhis are both Indian and Pakistani.
The majority live in South Africa and other Southern African countries including Zimbabwe, Namibia, Botswana, Zambia, Lesotho and Swaziland.
The number of self-identified Nigerians according to the same census was 9,530.
Most Azerbaijani-France have immigrated to France from the Republic of Azerbaijan and Iran.
Almost all of which live in Beirut.
The Gondi language is closely related to the Telugu, belonging to the Dravidian family of languages.
They were sometimes referred to by Europeans as the Barrabool people.
The Tetela people are an ethnic group of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, most of whom speak the Tetela language.
That has been attributed to a combination of warfare, economic stagnation, the Khmer Rouge, and emigration.
Yimchunger is one of the major Naga tribes of Nagaland and the Tuensang district within India and areas of Burma.
After World War II, a small number of Polish Jews came to Bolivia.
The Eastern Shawnee Tribe of Oklahoma is one of three federally recognized Shawnee tribes.
There is a small Nepalese community in Fiji, scattered all over the two main Islands of Viti Levu and Vanua Levu.
India attracted Sephardic Jews and anusim for a few reasons.
Two organizations for mutual support and cultural exchange have existed for over 60 years.
The Kootenai Tribe of Idaho is a federally recognized tribe of Lower Kootenai people, sometimes called the Idaho Ksanka.
Many of them assumed leading roles in the political, public and business sectors after World War II, and constitute a large minority within FSM itself.
Cape Verdean Argentines are Argentine residents whose ancestry originated in Cape Verde.
Romanian Australians may include those who have immigrated to Australia from Romania, and Australian-born citizens of Romanian descent.
The largest Sammarinese-American communities are in Michigan, mostly in the cities of Troy and Detroit.
The Ranjitkar caste is concerned with the dyeing of clothes as well as other color related activities.
Other Palestinians, mostly Christians, received Egyptian citizenship through marriage with Egyptian nationals or by other means.
Most of them live in Republic of Chuvashia and surrounding areas, although Chuvash communities may be found throughout the Russian Federation.
More recently the legal system in Spain has granted citizenship to Cubans who can prove that their grandparents immigrated to Cuba during the Spanish Civil War.
They are the largest ethnic group of Guinea-Bissau, representing more than one-quarter of the population.
In 1994 the Digo population was estimated to total 305,000, with 217,000 ethnic Digo living in Kenya and 88,000 in Tanzania.
They were an Algonquian-language tribe and were related to the Nanticoke, another Algonquian-language tribe.
Instead, the ties that bind are a shared heritage by virtue of common linguistic, cultural, and political traditions.
Others are said to have founded the city state of Cumuḍa in the eastern Tarim.
All Muslims who departed Greece were seen as "Turks", whereas all Orthodox people leaving Turkey were considered "Greeks", regardless of ethnicity or language.
Most of its people speak a Semitic or Cushitic language.
The Chinese have opened wholesale businesses, retail shops, small hotels and construction firms.
The Serbs are a small community in Bulgaria, most of whom are emigrants.
The Dyula are a Mande ethnic group inhabiting several West African countries, including the Mali, Cote d'Ivoire, Ghana, Burkina Faso, and Guinea-Bissau.
Frequently, Scottish Argentines are wrongly referred to as English.
The difference in ethnic origins remains somewhat evident between the highland and coastal regions.
Armenians in Lebanon have the most freedoms, compared to other regions in the area that have large number of Armenians.
The old Prussian language became extinct sometime in the 17th century.
In the 17th century, Abbas I of Persia and Nader Shah settled Kurdish tribes alongside the Iranian-Turkmen border.
The Kamilaroi language is classified in the Pama–Nyungan family of Australian languages.
Many live in remote areas, using slash-and-burn agriculture because those areas are not flat enough for patty rice production.
Shortly after this the Sanga people revolted against Msiri's rule, led by their chief Mpande.
The Israeli government does not provide infrastructure assistance or other services to those Bedouin who live in the unrecognized towns.
In Zimbabwe, white flight was spurred by an aggressive land reform programme introduced by President Robert Mugabe and the resulting economic misfortune.
The Ese Ejja are an indigenous people of Bolivia and Peru, in the southwestern Amazon basin.
The Sinixt are a First Nations People.
Only people with diplomatic and consular status remained, numbering about fifteen.
Many New Zealanders came to the United States after World War II.
The Mayangna are a people who live on the eastern coasts of Nicaragua and Honduras, an area commonly known as the Mosquito Coast.
The mestizo should not be confused with the Yucatec Maya who are also known as "Maya-Mestizos" in Belize.
The phenomenon of Egyptians emigrating from Egypt was rare until Nasser came to power after overthrowing the monarchy.
The Xukuru are an indigenous people of Brazil, with a population of approximately 8,500, living in the state of Pernambuco, Brazil.
According to the UN Department of Economic and Social Affairs, Pakistan has the 6th largest diaspora in the world.
The biggest dialect group is the Hokkien; many originated from Kinmen and Xiamen in China.
Other related communities include Maheshwaris, Khandelwals, and Oswals.
Currently there are over 17,267 Azerbaijanis in Kyrgyzstan.
In Odisha, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Assam or West Bengal, HO tribe are present, as the territory they inhabit in Jharkhand borders these states.
The Naga people are an ethnic group conglomerating of several tribes native to the North Eastern part of India and north-western Myanmar.
Some sources claim an estimation of 60,000 people of Iraqi descent living in the Netherlands.
They have been granted the status of a Primitive tribal group by the Government of India under its affirmative action or reservation programme.
The two nations used to share the Navajo–Hopi Joint Use Area, but this was a source of conflict.
Moreover, ten percent or approximately 500 Filipinos in Turkey are skilled workers and professionals working as engineers, architects, doctors and teachers.
It is confirmed as well that the head office of NASE is the city of Shell, Pastaza.
Moldovan Americans are Americans who are from Moldova or are descended from Moldovans.
The term's lack of significance within the United States prevents many Romani from using the term around non-Romani: identifying themselves by nationality rather than heritage.
The Tumeds reached their peak under the rule of Altan Khan in the mid-16th century.
The Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians are primarily the descendants of those persons listed on the Baker Rolls of Cherokee Indians.
The main ancestry of white Brazilians is Portuguese, followed by Italian, Spanish, German and other German-speaking nationalities Slavic, Levantine, Dutch, French and Baltic.
Chinese Australians are Australian citizens of Chinese ancestry.
Jewish Nicaraguans or Nicaraguan Jews are Nicaraguans of Jewish ancestry who were born in or have immigrated to Nicaragua.
The Juaneño or Acjachemen are an indigenous people of California.
With only 56 Soviets in Pakistan in 1972, their numbers had suddenly jumped to 1,374 by 1980.
In the 2010 Russian census the number of Taz in Russia dropped to 274.
The Greenville Rancheria of Maidu Indians of California is a federally recognized tribe of Maidu people in Plumas and Tehama Counties.
They applied the name to other neighboring Interior Salish peoples, potentially originating from a band that once inhabited the Umatilla Valley.
At around the same time immigration from the Soviet Union began.
Russians originally referred to Kazakhs as Kirghiz.
Haitians in the Dominican Republic are citizens of ethnic Haitian descent.
Koryo-saram is the name which ethnic Koreans in the post-Soviet states use to refer to themselves.
On the West Coast, most Singaporean Americans live within several hundred miles of Los Angeles and the San Francisco Bay Area.
Part of their territory has been used by coca growers, ranchers and other settlers and occupied by guerrillas, army and paramilitaries.
Berbers in Burkina Faso are Burkina Faso citizens of Berber descent or persons of Berber descent residing in Burkina Faso.
Japanese Australians are Australian citizens who trace their Japanese ancestry, which includes Japanese immigrants and descendants born in Australia.
One group among these people consider the snake gods as their presiding deity and perform certain sacrifices and sing songs.
By the turn of the 20th century, the Island Tongva had disappeared and the mainland communities were also nearing extinction.
Today about 800 descendants of the Korean farmers live around Havana, Matanzas and other areas of Cuba.
In past times they are also famous for their iron working skills, as the country and its neighbors possess rich deposits of iron.
The Batak Toba people speak in the Toba Batak language and are centered on Lake Toba and Samosir Island within the lake.
They are written with the Tibetan alphabet.
The last indenture contracts expired in 1897, and by the end of the 19th century, Saint Lucia had a population of 2,560 free Indians.
According to the 2009 census, there were 12,926 Jews in Belarus.
For thousands of years, the Nation lived under the Purvis Tract.
By 2015 about just 133,185 of the country's people live in another country as immigrants.
One band also lives near the Yata River.
In 1964 a large percentage were repatriated to India, but left a considerable number as stateless people.
According to sub continent's historians they came through Debal Sindh with Muhammad Bin Qasim and spread over Sindh, Multan and Punjab region.
Most are the descendants from those who migrated from India during the British colonisation of Malaya.
In Brazil, Pardo is an ethnic/skin color category used by the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics in the Brazilian censuses.
Yali are major tribal group in Papua, Indonesia, and live to the east of the Baliem Valley in the Papuan highlands.
In Mexico, they were granted land at Hacienda del Nacimiento near the town of Múzquiz in the state of Coahuila in 1850.
The Phù Lá are an ethnic group of Vietnam and China.
The Tocharians or Tokharians were Indo-European peoples who inhabited the medieval oasis city-states on the northern edge of the Tarim Basin in ancient times.
They have an estimated population of about 13,350.
All of them have made a perilous journey across Bangladesh and India and have settled in Karachi.
The Bodos use the term Bodosa to describe themselves.
Most of the Sufis migrated from Persia.
Formerly the main population of the medieval state of Kievan Rus, by the seventeenth century they evolved into the Russian, Rusyn, Ukrainian and Belarusian people.
As a result, a significant number of Limbas can be found in Freetown and its surrounding Western Area.
Many face forceful deportation every year, which began in 2006 when about 146,387 undocumented Afghans were deported.
Guinea-Bissauan Americans are Americans of Guinea-Bissauan descent.
Serbs are one of the constitutional peoples of the Republic of Macedonia.
The most prominent researcher of the Veps in Finland is Eugene Holman.
The Ahluwalia misl was one of the 12 major Sikh misls, and held land to the north of Sutlej river.
Many more Mam live in small hamlets in the mountains of northern Guatemala, keeping many of their native traditions.
The Romansh people are a people and ethnic group of Switzerland, native speakers of the Romansh language.
According to the 2011 Census there were 30,485 Canadians who claimed Bulgarian ancestry, an increase compared to the 27,260 in the 2006 Census.
Since then, preparation had been on for the coronation of the new king.
Costa Rican populations are prominent in the New York Metropolitan Area, especially in North Central New Jersey.
Hundreds of Copts were dismissed from the civil service and judiciary.
About 70% of the Greater Accra Regional Land is owned by the Adangmes located in Dangme East and Dangme West Districts of Ghana.
In modern use, the term is sometimes used only for the three First Nations in Canada.
They may be related to the Island Caribs of the Caribbean, though their languages are unrelated.
The Oku people in Sierra Leone are mainly found in the capital Freetown, particularly in the Freetown neighborhood of Aberdeen Village, Fourah Bay and Fula Town.
Well before the arrival of Europeans in North America, the Tuscarora had migrated south and settled in the region now known as Eastern Carolina.
Thus, Tigri Werji essentially means "merchant of Werji."
In Bangladesh, they reside in the Chittagong Hills in southeast Bangladesh.
The Kaw Nation are a federally recognized Native American tribe in Oklahoma.
The Chontal Maya are an indigenous people of the Mexican state of Tabasco.
Spaniards are referred by Filipinos as "Kastila" named after the former Kingdom of Castile, now a region of Spain.
Cuba is a multi-ethnic nation, home to people of different ethnic and national backgrounds.
Formally, they have always been considered Orthodox Christians, but most of them followed shamanism and animism as a part of their culture.
Djiboutians are native inhabitants of Djibouti and their descendants.
Each town had a stool, which served as the central object of Ga ritual and war magic.
The African diaspora in the Americas is used to refer to people born in the Americas with predominantly African ancestry.
Prior to the 18th century, they were concentrated in southwestern North Carolina, southeastern Tennessee, and the tips of western South Carolina and northeastern Georgia.
The Potiguara are an indigenous people of Brazil.
In early times, the Dörbet and the Dzungars were ruled by collateral branches of the Choros.
Today the Armenians are Iran's largest Christian religious minority.
In the year 2000, the Bunun numbered 41,038.
The Yocha Dehe Wintun Nation is a federally recognized tribe of Wintun people, specifically Patwin people or southern Wintun, in Yolo County, California.
Their Lomavren language is a mixed language, combining Indo-Aryan and Armenian.
The word Zabbalīn came from the Egyptian Arabic word zebāla which means "garbage".
More recent estimates by the Office for National Statistics put the figure at 56,000 in 2013.
The Hoklo people are Han Chinese people whose traditional ancestral homes are in southern Fujian of South China.
Other ethnicities in the U.S. native to Cambodia, including Chinese Cambodians, Vietnamese Cambodians, and Cham people, are also Cambodian Americans.
The Minister of Fijian Affairs consulted with the President as part of the selection process.
The Italian Union represents the 30,000 ethnic Italians of former Yugoslavia, living mainly in Istria and in the city of Rijeka.
The Italian Canadian population climbed by more than 12% and half have combined Italian origins along with another ethnic group, mostly other European ethnic groups.
The name Cazale, or the home of Zalewski as many locals believe, originates from the popular Polish surname Zalewski and the Haitian Creole word for home.
The term "Caucasian" is often used interchangeably with "White", although the terms are not synonymous.
Little Manilas are enclaves of Overseas Filipinos consisting of people of Filipino origin living outside of the Philippines.
The Khoshut are one of the four major tribes of the Oirat people.
Notable Poqomam settlements are located in Chinautla), Palín, and in San Luis Jilotepeque.
Many have family ties to Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, as well as to Palestinian refugees in Jordan, Syria, and Lebanon.
The early history of Chinese Australians had involved significant immigration from villages of the Pearl River Delta in Southern China.
The Hewa were one of the last peoples in Papua New Guinea to come into contact with the outside world.
There are approximately 1,500,000 Americans of Danish origin or descent.
The term Anglo-Burmese is also used to refer to Eurasians of European and other Burmese ethnic minority groups descent.
Majority of the population and as well as the Kluet people practices Islam.
There are some variants of the name Pazuki and they are known under the various names, like Bazikî, Bozukan, Bazukan etc.
The Panar are a Muslim community found in the state of Gujarat in India.
This number is growing yearly due to Canada's more liberal immigration laws to compensate for their low population growth.
Today most Greeks in the country are political refugees who fled Greece due to the Greek Civil War  and their descendants.
Before 1850, estimates claimed that there were 500 to 600 Teushen people.
The Iyengar community trace their origin in Tamil Nadu from the period of Ramanuja.
The precise dates and routes of the peopling of the New World are subject to ongoing debate.
There are now six settlements with Dogrib populations or mostly of Dogrib background: Behchoko, Whatì, Gamèti, Wekweeti, Dettah, and N'Dilo.
Most of them live in Northern Thailand, with a small minority 29,442 living across the border in Bokeo and Sainyabuli Provinces of Laos.
Most are devout Buddhists and live in simple houses of wood and woven bamboo on stilts; they are largely self-sufficient farmers.
Turks are the fifth-largest group of foreigners in Liechtenstein, behind Swiss, Austrians, Italians, and Germans.
Many of the Sudanese-born people recorded in the 2006 Australian census had arrived very recently: 77% since 2000.
Many New Zealand born Iraqis still retain aspects of their culture.
Their language is also known as Nzima or Appolo.
Per the 2012 Census of Suriname, 148,443 citizens of Suriname are of Indian origin.
According to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs there are 23,000 nikkei and 11,711 Japanese nationals in Argentina for a total of 34,711 people.
The Greek genocide and population exchange between Greece and Turkey nearly ended the three millennia-old Greek presence in Asia Minor.
In literature, architecture, culinary traditions, traditional dress, performing arts, martial arts, and royal court traditions, Malacca set a standard that later Malay sultanates emulated.
Although they are originally Berber, the term "Sheikh of the Arabs" is usually bestowed upon their leaders.
By the end of the war, an estimated 160,000 to 180,000 German Jews had been killed under the Nazi regime, by the Germans and their collaborators.
The descendents of Saleh Muhammad Safoori are still living in same area where she was born, lived and died.
The Batin are predominantly Muslim, but have a matrilineal kinship system, which is similar to Minangkabau than to Jambi Malays.
Iranians in Russia are Iranians in the Russian Federation, and are Russian citizens or permanent residents of Iranian national background.
The name of the Cherkess was given to Cherkessk, formerly called Batalpashinskaya, the capital of Karachay-Cherkessia.
Upper Puyallup people: Puyallup bands along the Upper Puyallup River
Until 2014, self-identified Arameans in Israel used to be registered as ethnic Arabs.
Ekoi people, also known as Ejagham, are an ethnic group in the extreme southeast of Nigeria and extending eastward into the southwest region of Cameroon.
Both these languages belong to the Kartvelian language family.
The Temne were one of the ethnic groups that were victims of slave capture and trading across the sub-Saharan and across the Atlantic into European colonies.
During the post-independence period, most Americans who settled in the Philippines were professionals, although missionaries still continue to settle in the country.
Central Tagbanwas are found in the western and eastern coastal areas of central Palawan.
Smaller numbers can be found in the Lakhimpur district of Assam and possibly in some parts of China.
Mandinka communities have been fairly autonomous and self-ruled, being led by a chief and group of elders.
The Nehalem or Tillamook are a Native American tribe from coastal Oregon of the Salish linguistic group.
Nothing is definitely known about their language, believed to be related to Tunica, a language isolate.
The Boholano people, also called Bol-anon, refers to the people who live in the island province of Bohol.
The Calusa were Native American people of Florida's southwest coast.
Sanghani is a surname found in Gujarati community primarily in the Indian state of Gujarat.
The most prestigious dialect is the Rambatu way of speaking.
The government took into trust on behalf of the tribe 485 acres of Tribal Lands purchased.
The history of the Jews in Peru begins with the arrival of migration flows from Europe, Near East and Northern Africa.
Disproportionate numbers of Māori face significant economic and social obstacles, with lower life expectancies and incomes compared with other New Zealand ethnic groups.
The approximately 7,000 Filipinos living in Palau make up about 35% of the entire population of Palau, and make up the second-largest ethnic group after Palauans.
Over time, scattered communities came to speak distinct dialects of the Tongva language, part of the Takic subgroup of the Uto-Aztecan language family.
In the 2001 census, self-identified Chiquitanos made up 3.6% of the total Bolivian population or 181,894 people, the largest number of any lowland ethnic group.
Greek Canadians are Canadian citizens who have full or partial Greek heritage or people who emigrated from Greece and reside in Canada.
Haitians in France consist of migrants from Haiti and their descendants living and working in France.
The Darkhad is a subgroup of Mongol people living mainly in northern Mongolia, in the Bayanzürkh, Ulaan-Uul, Renchinlkhümbe, and Tsagaannuur sums of Khövsgöl Province.
Guaymí is an outdated name, derived by the Spanish colonists from the Buglere term for this people.
Most are students, while others are political asylum seekers, of which the latter are mostly Iranian Baloch.
The Ghegs speak Gheg Albanian, one of the two main dialects of Albanian language.
The Spanish came to refer to the entire area as the Mocama Province, and incorporated it into their mission system.
The Chik have been granted Other Backward Class status in both Bihar and Uttar Pradesh.
Overwhelmingly the Ovimbundu follow Christianity, mainly the Igreja Evangélica Congregacional de Angola, founded by American missionaries, and the Catholic Church.
In addition, numerous groups claim Cherokee lineage, and some of these are state-recognized.
They also have notable presence in Helmand Province, Zahedan and Iraq.
The Sumi is one of the recognised scheduled tribes of India.
The various groups of Timucua speakers practiced several different cultural traditions.
The Tarok are an agrarian society in the hills and on the plains southeast of Plateau State in Nigeria.
The article that featured the terms, is titled, "Filipino Women in U.S. Excel in Their Courses: Invade Business, Politics."
The Mono people are a Sub-Saharan people of the Sudanic cluster residing on land adjacent to the northwestern border of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Traditionally, the CKPs have been granted the upper caste status, which allowed them to study the Vedas and perform religious rites along with Brahmins.
Indian Filipinos refers to Filipinos of Indian descent who have historical connections with and have established themselves in what is now the Philippines.
One of the features of Baltic languages is the number of conservative or archaic features retained.
Italian immigration to Paraguay has been one of the largest migration flows this South American country has received.
Each tribal household was given a copy, to support use of the language at home.
The Faroese language is one of the North Germanic languages and is closely related to Icelandic and to western Norwegian varieties.
Swedish Americans are an American ethnic group of people who have ancestral roots from Sweden.
Furthermore, the largest population of ethnic Azerbaijanis in the world live in Iran, far outnumbering those in the neighbouring Azerbaijan Republic.
Turks in France or French Turks refers to the Turkish people who live in France.
In Northeast India, they are present in all states except Arunachal Pradesh.
Khmer people are a Southeast Asian ethnic group native to Cambodia, accounting for approximately 90% of the country's 15.2 million people.
While no accurate statistics are available, an estimated 60 to 70 per cent of British Pakistanis in England have origins in the Mirpur District.
The Baggāra are a grouping of Arab ethnic groups inhabiting the portion of Africa's Sahel mainly between Lake Chad and southern Kordofan, numbering over one million.
Bodo-Kachari, is a generic term applied to a number of ethnic groups, predominantly in Assam, speaking Tibeto-Burman languages or claiming a common ancestry.
They are the most important group of the upper Melawi River and culturally and linguistically the most distinct from the Malay people.
The earliest such migrants came in the 1850s, with others arriving during World War I and later the 1948 Arab-Israeli war.
Recent estimates range from fifteen thousand to thirty thousand Jews killed or taken captive, and 300 Jewish communities totally destroyed.
The Andalusians have a rich culture which includes the Semana Santa and the famous flamenco style of music and dance.
Through the 19th century, most spoke French and were strongly connected to French colonial culture.
The Cholanaikkans speak the Cholanaikkan language, which belongs to the Dravidian family.
About 50 percent of Nigerians are Muslims and the other 50 percent are Christians.
Most Sherpa people live in eastern regions of Nepal however, some live farther west in the Rolwaling valley and in the Helambu region north of Kathmandu.
Heavy losses in war to stronger Dayak tribes in Borneo resulted them being chased out of their homelands.
Romani people self-segregated themselves for centuries from the dominant culture of Tunisia, who view Romani as dishonorable though clever.
They include the rebel Mulatto Jack, the singer Rachael Baptist, who were both Irish.
Tribal headquarters are located at Crow Agency, Montana.
The Khokhar Khanzada are a Muslim Rajput community found mainly in the Fatehpur district of Uttar Pradesh in India.
Kali Puja is the second major festival of the community and it corresponds to the pan-Indian festival of Diwali.
Behind its southern borders lies the Atlantic Ocean.
The traditional occupation of the Chakkala was the production of gingelly or coconut oil.
Chinese culture in the Emirates has a sizeable presence; there is a large number of Chinese restaurants in Dubai.
Asians are considered the cuarta raíz of Mexico in conjunction with the three other roots: Native, European and African.
Sekkizhar, the author of the Periyapuranam, was from this community.
The Ohlone, named Costanoan by early Spanish colonists, are a Native American people of the Northern California coast.
Corsican Americans are Americans of Corsican descent.
The Eastern Catholic faction is in full communion with the Holy See in Rome.
Most of the Egyptian Franco-Maltese settled in Australia or Britain, where they remained culturally distinct from immigrants from Malta.
They are the largest ethnic group of Namibia, found in its northern regions and more often called Ovambo.
The lifestyle of the Shors changed significantly following the October Revolution of 1917.
These "New Shanghainese" are generally distinguished from the Shanghainese proper.
These locations today are part of the modern nations of Malaysia, Australia, Indonesia, Brunei, Singapore, and southern Thailand.
The Portuguese are known in France as hard workers.
Sourashtra-Patnūlkarar wear the sacred thread and are brahmins but belong to linguistic minorities.
The Khoshey are a Kho tribe residing in the Torkhow, Mulkhow, Laspur, Chitral, Drosh, Tirich Mir, Ayon, Chitral District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan and Badakhshan.
From appearance they are indistinguishable from the Rakhine people.
Today, a group calling itself the Accohannock Indian Tribe has headquarters located in Marion Station, Maryland.
In earlier centuries, Portuguese and local Malays were able to marry without such conversions, because such religious laws did not exist.
In Pakistan, the community is often referred to as Gadi Rajput, and sometimes Gaddi.
Early Tamil-Brahmi inscriptions in Tamil Nadu date to the 3rd century BCE and describe the livelihoods of Tamil Jains.
Today the largest urban concentration of Poles is the Katowice urban agglomeration of 2.7 million inhabitants.
The early explorer John Lawson included them in the larger eastern-Siouan confederacy, which he called "the Esaw Nation."
Currently there are over 12,000 Grenadians of Indian and mixed-Indian descent.
Such lack of antisemitism contributed to mutual respect and admiration, resulting in Jews enjoying equal rights and coexisting peacefully with the majority Han Chinese populace.
The Kurds of Central Anatolia since about 16th century.
The most notable Irish Chilean, Bernardo O'Higgins is often referred to as the "Father of Chile", and is commemorated in many places in Chile.
This trend accelerated among the Puerto Rican community in the mainland United States in the 1960s.
The Lakota, also called Teton, are the westernmost Sioux, known for their hunting and warrior culture.
According to the Ministry of Overseas Pakistanis and Human Resource Development, approximately 7.6 million Pakistanis live abroad, with a vast majority residing in the Middle East.
The Turkana and the Karamojong and related people belong to one Ateker.
The group consists of about 40,000 people and they make up 0.20% of the Sri Lankan population.
Today, the official criterion for being a Dane is having a Danish citizenship.
The French allied with the Choctaw for retaliation, causing overwhelming defeat of the Natchez and Yazoo.
Closely related are the Métis in the United States, primarily those in border areas like northern Michigan, the Red River Valley, and eastern Montana.
In Spanish, the name is commonly spelled Kumiai.
The Cor speak a language in the Mon–Khmer family.
The Armenian Genocide during and after World War I drastically reduced the once sizeable Armenian population.
Korean Canadians are Canadian citizens of Korean ancestry.
Their population was estimated at 23,772 people in 1998.
They speak Chambiali but some of them speak Hindi.Chambial is a powerful Kshatriya Hindu Rajput clan in Himachal Pradesh.
They are considered different to the larger group of Tatars that have converted to Christianity.
They were also known as Virginia Algonquians, as they spoke an eastern-Algonquian language known as Powhatan or Virginia Algonquian.
Telengits or Telengut are a Turkic people primarily found in Altai Republic, Russia.
They were historically seminomadic hunter-gatherers who maintained an intimate relationship with both the sea and the land.
Australian Jews in Israel are immigrants and descendants of the immigrants of the Australian Jewish communities, who now reside within the State of Israel.
There is a small community of Indians in Finland consisting mainly of Finnish citizens of Indian origin or descent as well as expatriates from India.
The Bauzi area consists of much of the west side of lower Mamberamo River area in northern Papua.
It is believed that Ho speakers were originally Mundas.
They are sometimes incorrectly referred as a Xhosa subgroup.
They speak both the traditional Rapa Nui language and the primary language of the island, Spanish.
The Polish community in Pakistan comprises Pakistani citizens of Polish ancestry as well with Poles who migrated to and reside in Pakistan.
Arab expatriates contribute to the circulation of financial and human capital in the region and thus significantly promote regional development.
They are the southernmost branch of Paiute.
They are one of the ethnic groups usually collectively known as the Sama-Bajau peoples.
The Teochew speak the Chinese Teochew dialect of Southern Min; Teochew cuisine is also distinctive.
Missionary activity, predominantly in coastal areas, has encouraged the growth of larger settlements.
Between 1950–52, 120,000–130,000 of the Iraqi Jewish community were transported to Israel in Operation Ezra and Nehemiah.
Their traditional languages are the Sami languages and are classified as a branch of the Uralic language family.
The Muslim Chhipi are Muslim community found mainly in the states of Bihar, Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh in India.
The Sunuds are a Southern Mongol subgroup.
The Mandingo people of Sierra Leone speak the mandinka language as their native language.
Most Chatino communities have public services, and there are runways for airports in many municipalities.
The Shanghainese are the native peoples of the City of Shanghai.
The Meghwal people live primarily in northwest India, with a small population in Pakistan.
In the Philippines, they are grouped together with the religiously-similar Moro people.
One of Egypt's richest families, the family has played a long-standing role in Egyptian business life.
Kurds in the United States may refer to people born in or residing in the United States of Kurdish origin.
This estimate is based on linguistic analysis of his writings, as there is no historical evidence for when and where he lived.
Hunting, especially wild boar, fishing, and gathering of forest resources, are the other important factors in their economy.
The tribe has been federally recognized since 1994 legislation affirmed its status; it has established self-government.
This group arrived in between the late 1970s to the early 1990s as the last wave of refugees post-Vietnam War.
Polish-Spaniards or Poles in Spain are citizens and/or residents of Spain whose ethnic origins lie fully or partially in Poland.
Proficiency in business and administration made them a privileged minority.
By the 1920s, the number of Chinese in the country was about 26,000.
French Australians, some of whom refer to themselves as Huguenots, are Australian citizens or residents of French ancestry, or French-born people who reside in Australia.
Beginning in the 12th century, they eventually ruled the lands of the entire northern Volta basin, which today includes all of northern Ghana and Burkina Faso.
The Kabyle people are a Berber ethnic group native to Kabylia in the north of Algeria, one hundred miles east of Algiers.
The largest such camp is Mae La refugee camp.
The four waves of Luo migration were chiefly from the four Luo-speaking groups, especially Acholi and Padhola.
In 1826, after the First Anglo-Burmese War, the British annexed Arakan and encouraged migrations from Bengal to work as farm laborers.
The term may also refer to people who hold dual Pakistani and U.S.
The Lache farmed maize, potatoes, quinoa and cotton, among other crops.
While most Norwegian emigrants moved to America, some people also moved to South Africa, Madagascar, Angola, and Mozambique.
The Tswana are a Bantu-speaking ethnic group who are native to Southern Africa.
At present, the Pima Bajo are located in rugged, mountainous terrain in the Sierra Madre Occidental.
Since the arrivals, the Italo-Australian Dialect came into note in the 1970s by Italian linguist Tullio De Mauro.
They speak Sukuma, which belongs to the Bantu branch of the Niger-Congo family.
This is in addition to the Tamil community established in French overseas dominions of Réunion, Martinique, French Guiana etc.
The Nanticoke considered the Algonquian Lenape as "grandfathers".
The number of immigrants entering the country vary from 5,000 to 10,000 in 1945.
This connection may be residential, legal, historical, or cultural.
Between the establishment of the National Legionary State and 1942, 80 anti-Jewish regulations were passed.
According to the 2010 census there were 295 Oroks in Russia.
The Chakosi are an Akan people who trace their origin to an area in the Ivory Coast in a place they call Anou or Ano.
An estimated 191,000 Portuguese nationals are currently living in the United States.
Therefore, Italians and their children were just over 3.8% of Brazil's population in 1940.
Norwegian New Zealanders are New Zealanders of Norwegian ancestry, the majority of whom are part of the Norwegian diaspora.
Recently, the Galo have successfully lobbied to change this term to Galo, reflecting the actual Galo pronunciation of this name.
[1] There are also approximately 4,200 Phù Lá in China, where they are classified as members of the Yi ethnic group.
An important Canadian-descended group is the Plautdietsch-speaking "Russian" Mennonites and their descendants, who emigrated from Canada to Mexico starting in 1922.
Nivkh is considered an language isolate, although it is grouped, for convenience, with the Paleosiberian languages.
The majority are Sunni Muslims, with a significant minority of Shia Muslims.
They stay in an area called Buruuli.
This village is located in the Cameroonian Grassfields at the so-called "Ringroad", approximately 50 km West of the province's capital Bamenda.
This, however, is based in self-identification and not in scientific studies.
There is a significant Argentine diaspora in Mexico.
They traditionally have lived in the Northeast Woodlands and Subarctic.
The Truku had resisted and fought the Japanese in the 1914 Truku war.
Curaçaoans in the Netherlands consist of migrants from Curaçao to the Netherlands and their descendants.
They eat plants, which are also used as medicines, and animals and use the hides, skin, fur, and other parts for clothing and shelter.
The Mascouten were a tribe of Algonquian-speaking Native Americans located in the Midwest.
Small pockets of Kam speakers are found in Tuyên Quang Province in Vietnam.
The Huanca people of the Junín Region of Peru, who spoke Quechua before the Incas did.
The Sharchops are the populations of mixed Tibetan, Southeast Asian and South Asian descent that mostly live in the eastern districts of Bhutan.
They were largely united under a single king in the late 18th century before again dissolving into competing kingdoms.
As one of the world's most populous matrilineal ethnicity, Minangkabau gender dynamics have been extensively studied by anthropologists.
However their commonality is that they are all descendants of the indigenous American Indians and White Europeans.
Women bear the major burden of household chores including taking care of children.
The Pascua Yaqui Tribe is based in Tucson, Arizona.
The Kru were famous for their skills in navigating and sailing the Atlantic.
Their main form of survival is slash and burn farming.
According to the 2011 census, there were 24,693 Copts in Australia, mostly members of the Coptic Orthodox Church.
Currently, they possess titled community lands in four of Peru's regions: Amazonas, Cajamarca, Loreto, and San Martín.
Not to be confused with Quechua, South American language.
The prefix for their traditional name, Tigri, comes from the word Tijaari, which is an adjectival in the Arabic language that literally translates to "merchant."
Senapati Badabir Shivaram Singh Basnyat was the son of Jayaram Singh Basnyat, a Shreepali Basnyat of Gorkha.
Venezuela is also home to one of Latin America's largest concentrations of ethnic Chinese.
Argentines in Spain are the largest community of Argentines in the exterior.
The community is included in the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes category by the Indian government.
The Plautdietsch language is also spoken by the descendants of German and Dutch Mennonite immigrants in the states of Chihuahua, Durango, Zacatecas and Aguascalientes.
Those who migrated to Ukraine in 1990 settled in shanty towns inhabited by seasonal workers.
The Mahafaly are believed to have arrived in Madagascar from southeastern Africa around the 12th century.
During the existence of the Congo Free State the European population is estimated at 1500 people.
This made them the sixth-largest group of foreigners; they had formerly been the fifth-largest, but were surpassed by Peruvians in 2000.
The Acadiana region is heavily associated with them.
In this more spread out area, the Jewish people lived in communities, known as Schtetls.
The Tangut, identified with the state of Western Xia, were a Tibeto-Burman-speaking people who moved to Northwest China sometime before the 10th century.
Although not included as an explicit option in the UK census, the numbers of those claiming Cornish ethnic and national identity are officially recognised and recorded.
This has caused land dispute regarding customary land rights between the Amungme people against Freeport Indonesia mining company in Timika.
Many identify as Palestinian and commonly self-designate themselves as Palestinian citizens of Israel.
Included are Istro-Romanians, who became adjusted to Peruvian society because of the linguistic similarities between Istro-Romanian and Spanish, as well as Latin identity of Istro-Romanians.
They make up the majority of Curaçao's population.
They raided the Ming dynasty and attacked the Four Oirats.
The name Baster is derived from bastaard, the Dutch word for "bastard".
They are also often termed as Italian-Canadians with a hyphen.
They live in Xishuangbanna in Yunnan province, China.
The Khoid, also Khoyd or Khoit people are an Oirat subgroup of the Choros clan.
Ben J. Wattenberg argues that this poll demonstrates a general American bias against Hispanics and other recent immigrant populations.
When speaking about their "nation", Arbëresh use the term Arbëria, a loose geographical term for the scattered villages in southern Italy which use Arbëresh language.
They were historically a small community of retail traders and businesspeople.
Arab Colombians refers to Arab immigrants and their descendants in the Republic of Colombia.
Khiamniungan is one of the major Naga tribes, mainly found in the Tuensang district of Nagaland, India and the adjoining areas of Burma.
The Uralic peoples or Uralic speaking peoples are the peoples speaking Uralic languages, divided into two large groups: Finno-Ugric peoples and Samoyedic peoples.
A small number of Ghanchi are also found in the city of Karachi in Pakistan.
The daughter of a Levite is a "Bat Levi".
The Tboli are one of the indigenous peoples of South Cotabato in Southern Mindanao.
The location lies on one of the northern routes for historic east-African long-distance trade, connecting the hinterland with the coast of the Indian Ocean.
Traders and trappers easily moved back and forth through the area.
According to the 2001 Ukrainian Census about a third of Rusyns in Ukraine speak the Ukrainian language, while others stick to their native form.
With the establishment of Ceylon as a crown colony, most of those who retained close ties with the Netherlands departed.
They currently inhabit Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Kuwait, the UAE, Bahrain, Yemen, Libya, Tunisia, Oman, Palestine, and Jordan.
A small Syrian community exists in Haiti.
The Goshutes are a tribe of Western Shoshone Native Americans.
The Poarch Band of Creek Indians is the only federally recognized tribe of Native Americans in Alabama.
Daingnets are one of the Tibeto-Burman tribes.
Sergio DellaPergola in a rough calculation of Sephardic and Mizrahi Jews, implies that Ashkenazi Jews make up less than 74% of Jews worldwide.
There are also large number of long-term and short-term economic migrants from Pakistan in Turkey who often intend to cross into the European Union.
- around 10 000 at the end of 2013.
The Chelan were historically located at the outlet of Lake Chelan in the U.S. state of Washington, where they spent the winter months.
Igbo culture contributed to the creolised African American culture and is perhaps evident in such cultural vestiges as the Jonkonnu parades of North Carolina.
Koreans in Chile formed Latin America's sixth-largest Korean diaspora community as of 2011, according to the statistics of South Korea's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade.
They are a member of the Bororo language group.
A traditional Qemant can only marry a member of the other moiety, so, while the moieties are exogamous, Qemant society as a whole is endogamous.
In Albanian literature, they are known as "Albanians of Zadar".
Most Paraguayan Brazilians live in the state of São Paulo.
The Maricopa are a River Yuman group, formerly living along the banks of the Colorado River.
They are more distantly related to the Itelmens on the Kamchatka Peninsula.
Their fluency in the official Thai language means has meant that the group does not appear on official lists of ethnic groups in Thailand.
Their language is called Huave, or ombeayiüts/umbeyajts, depending on the dialect.
It can also be learnt at university level.
Kurds in France may refer to people born in or residing in France of full or partial Kurdish origin.
They claim to be descended from Yadu Race.
In Jewish tradition, a Levite is a member of the Israelite Tribe of Levi, descended from Levi, the third son of Jacob and Leah.
The Miami Nation of Indiana is a group of individuals who identify as Miami and have organized as a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.
According to the Macedonian associations in Montenegro there are about 2000 Macedonians living in Montenegro.
The Yawalapiti live in the Xingu Indian Park, in Upper Xingu region along with Kiabi, Yudja and Suya tribes.
The Bawariya are a Hindu caste found in the states of Haryana, Punjab and Uttar Pradesh in India.
The Moors of Kilakarai are a Tamil Muslim community who form the largest ethnic group in Kilakarai comprising 80% of the towns total population.
The Yaminawá are an indigenous people who live in Acre, Madre de Dios, and Bolivia.
According to estimates commissioned in 2008 by the National Security Council of Turkey as many as 2,000,000 Turkish citizens are of Bosniak ancestry.
Some of them are Muslims or devotees of a traditional monotheistic religion who believe in a god whom they call Lera Wulan Tanah Ekan.
Their native settlements were Arabized and Islamized in and after the 7th-century, during the early expansion of Islam.
The Mandarese are made up of seventeen kingdoms.
The Sápara, also known as Zápara or Záparo, are an indigenous people native to the Amazon rainforest along the border of Ecuador and Peru.
Presently in the province of Quebec there are living around 500 families of Tajiks from Tajikistan, Afghanistan, Uzbekistan, Russia, Israel, etc.
Another influx came fleeing nationalist persecution in Turkey.
Their language, also called Marwari, comes under the umbrella of Rajasthani languages, which is part of the Western Zone of Indo-Aryan languages.
The tribe has no reservation but owns 1,350 acres of land.
Tamil Mauritians are the descendants of Tamil migrants to Mauritius.
The latter sense is now mainly historical, but confusions can arise.
Ritual drumming, singing and dancing take place for four weeks, and are considered the way the community expels devils and protects its good fortune.
In the Khasi system of asset management, the Khasi uncles of the household, are the managers of their sister's property.
They are most likely a blend of other Pacific peoples.
The main dialects are Maka are Bebent, Mbwaanz, and Sekunda.
Guans in the Volta Region include Akpafu/Lolobi, Buem, Nkonya, Likpe, Logba, Amedzofe, etc.
In the 1970s there were more than 150,000 Pakistanis in Libya, primarily migrant workers.
They had dealings with the French colony of Fort Caroline, and later allied with the Spanish of St. Augustine, who established several missions in their territory.
The anthropologist John Reed Swanton suggested that the Choctaw derived their name from an early leader.
They occupy the western edge of the island from Toliara in the south to Sambirano in the north.
The Ukrainian national minority in Lithuania has deep historical and cultural relations.
Paraiyar or Parayar is a caste group found in Sri Lanka and the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Malaysia is home to one of the largest populations of Overseas Indians, constituting 7% of the Malaysian population.
The PRC has an embassy in Sofia, which used to be located in the Yablanski House.
Before the immigration reforms of the 1960s, Black Nova Scotians formed 37% of the total Black Canadian population.
They are part of the larger Shaikh community of South Asia.
However they could not come out of the cave as there was a big stone gate called "Lungthung" sealing the gate of the cave.
The biggest family clans well-known among the tribe clans are Laemae pha, Bya pha, Thorne pha, Ngwa Pha, Naw pha, Seu pha, Khaw pha.
Therefore, there is no need to distinguish between West and East Indians, because the term "Indian" only refers to a single ethnic group.
The tribe regained federal recognition in 1973 in an act of Congress, and re-established its reservation in 1975.
The Mexica founded Mexico-Tenochtitlan in 1325 as an altepetl located on an island in Lake Texcoco, in the Valley of Mexico.
After the outbreak of the Somali Civil War in 1991, some Somalis sought asylum in India.
The Pre-Columbian Huastecs constructed temples on step-pyramids, carved independently standing sculptures, and produced elaborately painted pottery.
They also form the largest minority group in China without an autonomous region.
There is a small community of Irish people in Japan, estimated to constitute 1,000-2,000 people.
The Alas people are an ethnic group that inhabits Southeast Aceh Regency, Aceh, Indonesia.
Mauritians of Indian origin, also known as Indo-Mauritians, are Mauritians whose ancestors are from the Indian subcontinent.
They are the world's largest segmentary lineage ethnic group.
The Métis culture of mixed blood originated in the mid-17th century when First Nation and Inuit people married Europeans.
Today, Swedish Americans are found throughout the United States, with Minnesota, California and Illinois being the top three states with the highest number of Swedish Americans.
In 1967, it was estimated that there were about 600 ethnic Hunzibs.
The Aweti inhabit two villages in the region.
However, most self identified as Croatan Indian according to death certificates.
Haitian Chileans, are Chilean citizens of full or partial Haitian ancestry.
They include Djiboutian, Eritrean, Ethiopian and Somali individuals.
The Zuruahã are an indigenous people of Brazil, living along the Purus River in the state of Amazonas.
They call themselves Išawiyen/Icawiyen and speak the Shawiya language.
The 2001 UK Census recorded 27,078 Mauritian-born people living in the UK.
There are also around 2,878 Somalia-born individuals in Rinkeby-Kista.
In 2009, approximately 150,000 Canadians had been to Turkey, an increase from the 39,000 in 1995.
The main population of Rusyns are Carpatho-Rusyns, Carpatho-Ruthenians, Carpatho-Russians of Carpathian Ruthenia: a discrete cross-border region of western Ukraine, north-east Slovakia, and south-east Poland.
Men is termed as "Mi" while "Yashing" means Fair or Worthy.
They are related to the Anaang and Efik peoples.
For the past few decades they have been at the receiving end of the Naxalite–Maoist insurgency in the central part of India.
The 2010 Russian Census recorded 718,727 Circassians, of whom 516,826 are Kabardian, 124,835 are other Adyghe in Adygea, 73,184 are Cherkess, and 3,882 Shapsug.
The Potano were among the many tribes of the Timucua people, and spoke a dialect of the Timucua language.
Additional small Rama communities are dispersed on the mainland from Bluefields to Greytown.
Some were merchants, sailors, indentured servants, slaves, and mercenaries.
This makes the German Yazidi community one of the largest Yazidi communities in the Yazidi diaspora.
The Bambara are a Mandé people living in Africa, primarily in Mali but also in Guinea, Burkina Faso and Senegal.
Their forefather tribe has been called 'the elite of the Aboriginal warriors of Queensland'.
In today's Taiwan, the Amis also comprise the majority of "urban aboriginals" and have developed many urban communities all around the island.
Their numbers are uncertain, but in 1943 it was estimated that the Hi-Merimã consisted of more than 1,000 individuals.
Since the 1930s part of the tribe has controlled a reservation located four miles west of Port Angeles at the mouth of the Elwha River.
The term Afro European often refers to people who come from regions that are geographically south of Sahara, or former colonies.
The Atishbaz are a Muslim community found in the state Uttar Pradesh in India.
Guatemala, southern Mexico and the Yucatán Peninsula, Belize, El Salvador, and western Honduras have managed to maintain numerous remnants of their ancient cultural heritage.
A Timucua group, they spoke the dialect known as Mocama, the best-attested dialect of the Timucua language.
The Dagombas are ethnic group of northern Ghana, numbering about 825,736.
Hindkowans are an ethno-linguistic group native to the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, Pothohar Plateau and Azad Kashmir regions of Pakistan.
Kurds who are Iraqi citizens live in the Zagros Mountains of northeast Iraq to the east of the upper Tigris.
The name Walla Walla is translated several ways but most often as "many waters."
The word Toraja comes from the Buginese language term to riaja, meaning "people of the uplands".
The name Bosongo is believed to have originated from Abasongo) who lived in the town during the colonial times.
The Nahuas are a group of indigenous people of Mexico and El Salvador.
The Kam people live mostly in eastern Guizhou, western Hunan, and northern Guangxi in China.
Many Hong Kong Canadians hold multiple citizenships, often possessing Canadian, HKSAR, and British National passports.
A few hundred Chinese students are enrolled in various Turkish universities.
157,057 people declared Silesian nationality, and the Silesian language was declared by 288,445 people.
Tibetans speak the Tibetic languages, many varieties of which are mutually unintelligible.
The time of arrival of the first Indigenous Australians is a matter of debate among researchers.
Both the genders are well represented with more number of males compared to females.
Previously, the Seediq, along with the closely related Truku people, were classified as Atayal.
Because of the previous given reasons, many Miao peoples cannot communicate with each other in their native tongues, and have different histories and cultures.
Willong is another Maram Naga village where, awareness about and practice of, traditional mores and culture is a prominent feature in the lives of the people.
Northern Talysh was historically known as Talish-i Gushtasbi.
In the eighteenth century, an alliance of traders and rulers transformed Muscat into the leading port of the Persian Gulf.
Ojibwe are known for their birch bark canoes, birch bark scrolls, mining and trade in copper, and cultivation of wild rice.
Today more than 6 million Argentines have some degree of French ancestry.
The East Slavs are Slavic peoples speaking the East Slavic languages.
Filipinos in Norway comprise expatriates and migrants from the Philippines to Norway and their locally-born descendants.
The city of Otavalo is located at an elevation of 2,532 metres.
The Wodaabe, also known as the Mbororo or Bororo, are a small subgroup of the Fulani ethnic group.
They are a prominent mercantile caste in Tamil Nadu, South India.
After independence in 1946, many Americans chose to remain in the Philippines while maintaining relations with relatives in the United States.
Some US leaders believed that by reducing conflict between the peoples, they were saving the Choctaw from extinction.
The Xinh Mun is an ethnic group living primarily in the provinces of Sơn La and Lai Châu, in northwestern Vietnam.
According to the 1897 census there were 102 Kerek.
Canada has the highest level of Scottish descendants per capita in the world and the second-largest population of Scottish descendants, after the United States.
Koreans in Paraguay formed one of the earliest Korean diaspora communities in Latin America.
The high degree of urbanization characteristic of Dutch society was attained at a relatively early date.
Tribal membership is based on proven descent from members of eleven Pequot families who were listed in the 1900 US Census.
From its meaning, berng means some or few.
Filipinos in Pakistan consist of migrants from the Philippines.
The Armenian General Benevolent Union is known for its financial support and promotion of Armenian culture and Armenian language schools.
Bosnians are people who live in Bosnia, or who are of Bosnian descent.
Blacksmithing and iron ore mining and melting were also important.
The northern form is spoken by about 5,000 people and the Southern Wemale is spoken by about 3,700 people.
Following the civil war in Somalia that broke out in 1991, many Somalis sought asylum in the Somali-inhabited enclaves of Kenya.
In 1973 began its struggle to gain federal recognition.
The Assyrian community in Iran numbered approximately 200,000 prior to the Islamic Revolution of 1979.
They suggest doing so would make it easier to help people who have been closed out of opportunity.
Following the terms of the Greek–Turkish population exchange of 1923 the remaining Cappadocian Greek natives were forced to leave their homeland and resettle in modern Greece.
They settled in ports such as Rosario, Buenos Aires, San Nicolás de los Arroyos, Bahía Blanca, Ensenada and Dock Sud.
Others settled in the state of São Paulo, the most populous and wealthiest in the nation.
They have no known cultural relationship with any of the other ethnicities anywhere else in Africa, and very little is known of their origin.
Compared to Russian controlled areas, more benefits were given to the Muslim Kirghiz on the Chinese controlled areas.
The Māori term Pākehā is often used as a synonym for European New Zealander.
The history of the Jews in Iceland is relatively short, starting in 1625.
They lived a relatively peaceful life for years, traveling seasonally to traditional hunting, gathering and cultivation along river beds.
They believed in all these systems and practiced them for their sustenance.
The island of El Hierro was known to the Bimbache as Eseró or Heró.
Lebanese Americans are Americans of Lebanese descent.
Historically, the Iranun were given the exonym Illanun during the British colonial era.
Kannadigas are mainly found in the state of Karnataka in India.
Multiracial Americans are Americans who have mixed ancestry of "two or more races".
Population of Afro-Ukrainians is rather insignificant and mostly concentrated in major cities of Ukraine.
The Chin people are one of the major ethnic nationalities in Burma.
In 2012, there were 130,600 Druze living in the country.
New Caledonia has several descendants of Tamils, whose parents intermarried with the local population already in the last century.
The country is named after the historical region of Bengal, of which it constitutes the largest and eastern segment.
Chinese Australians record high levels of educational attainment that match and surpass the national average.
Nadar is a Tamil caste of South India and Sri Lanka.
Some were kidnapped or tricked into long-term indentured service.
Local sawmill owner and real estate developer Henry Yesler, who had previously used local Indians as laborers, aided the removal and relocation.
During the transition from Czarist to Communist rule many Godoberi became involved in nationalistic and pan-Islamic movements.
The presence of Ecuadorians in Italy dates back to the 1980s.
MASSOB, a sectarian organization formed in 1999, continues a non-violent struggle for an independent Igbo state.
Kohistanis are speakers of the Maiyã language, an Indo-Aryan Dardic language.
This census is not recognised by the Albanian government.
Tampuans, along with the other Mon-Khmer groups of the mountains, are referred to as Khmer Loeu by the Khmer majority.
Ethnic Turkish minorities exist in the former lands of the Ottoman Empire.
By Turkish roots, this could mean roots linking back to Turkey, the island of Cyprus or the communities of the Turkish diaspora.
Additionally, 118,300 Vietnamese women who met Taiwanese men through international matchmaking services resided in Taiwan as of 2005.
More Kurds arrived to Turkmenistan in the 19th century to find unclaimed land and to escape starvation.
The Aleuts Russian: Алеу́ты, who are usually known in the Aleut language by the endonym Unangax̂ Унаңан, are the indigenous people of the Aleutian Islands.
Most notable, Princess Sarvath El Hassan of Jordan is of Pakistani origin.
Majority of the Hajongs are settled in India.
Most of them arrived as slaves during the Spanish colonial period.
Most of this diaspora in Southeast Africa arrived in the 19th century as British indentured labourers, many of them to work on the Kenya–Uganda railway.
The Cheyenne are one of the Indigenous peoples of the Great Plains and their language is of the Algonquian language family.
Most live in the Pueblo of Zuni on the Zuni River, a tributary of the Little Colorado River, in western New Mexico, United States.
A forested area known as the bosque surrounds the rest of the reservation, and serves as a source of firewood and wild game.
Hélène Desportes is considered the first white child born in New France.
Guale was an historic Native American chiefdom of Mississippian culture peoples located along the coast of present-day Georgia and the Sea Islands.
The Martis name refers to the geographic region of Martis Creek which spans Nevada County, California and Placer County, California.
Instead the majority, especially those of younger generations, speak Spanish as a first language.
They live in the heavily forested mountainous regions of Quảng Nam and Quảng Ngãi provinces in Central Vietnam.
Safoora Qadiriyya had two offspring Saleh Muhammad Safoori, Saleha.
Today, the Kalina live largely in villages on the rivers and coasts of Venezuela, Guyana, Suriname, French Guiana, and Brazil.
The Hmars trace their origin to Sinlung.
The Otavalos also inhabit the city of Otavalo in that province.
Nigerian Australians are Australian citizens and residents of Nigerian origin or descent.
Sample census conducted by experts estimate the total Kenyan Luo population to be currently at around 5 million.
Guatemalans are also nicknamed chapines by other mainly Spanish-speaking countries of the Latin America.
Their language is Lingít, meaning "People of the Tides".
Hindki is the name given to an ethnic group who inhabit Afghanistan and parts of Pakistan.
Migration from Germany to France has increased rapidly from the 1990s onwards, and by 2012 there were an estimated 130,000 German citizens living in France.
The majority of Qashqai people were originally nomadic pastoralists and some remain so today.
After the founding of the United States, black people continued to be enslaved, with four million denied freedom from bondage prior to the Civil War.
The Hmong began a gradual southward migration in China in the 18th century due to political unrest and to find more arable land.
Puerto Rico also was divided into chiefdoms.
The Chukchi originated from the people living around the Okhotsk Sea.
Several migration waves of Romani to Serbia are recorded from Romania, Turkey and Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Karava also Karave, Kara, Karavaa, Kaurava is a significant Sinhalese community from the Island of Sri Lanka.
Indigenous peoples in Suriname, or Native Surinamese, are Surinamese people who are of indigenous ancestry.
The Iraqi people tend to be spread out over various emirates of the country, with areas of high concentration being Abu Dhabi and Dubai.
In some places and times, such as during the wars of independence, peninsulares were called deprecatively godos or, in Mexico, gachupines or gauchos.
Their further immigration were restricted in 1924 when the colony became a self-administered territory of United Kingdom.
They submitted to the Qing dynasty and allied against the Chahar Mongols in the early 17th century.
Russians in Hong Kong form one of the territory's smaller groups of expatriates and a minor portion of the worldwide Russian diaspora.
As of 2016, there are about 1,107 Japanese nationals in Nepal.
The stolen generation saw many indigenous people brought to the Tiwi Islands but not of direct Tiwi descent.
The total ethnic population is estimated at around 32,000, most of which live on the fringes of the rainforest, while a small number have been urbanised.
The findings suggests that the Proto-Malay and the Deutero-Malay peoples possibly belong to the same stock and origin.
The Asmat are an ethnic group of New Guinea, residing in the Papua province of Indonesia.
Most of the Timor has come since the occupation of East Timor by Indonesia.
About 1.5 million Nahua speak Nahuatl and another million speak only Spanish.
Indigenous inheritance is most visible in rural areas and in aspects of culture such as Chilean cuisine and Chilean Spanish.
After 1838, European colonies in the Caribbean with expanding sugar industries imported large numbers of immigrants to meet their acute labor shortage.
Sambians, unlike other Prussians, did not cremate their dead.
These ventures, particularly the gaming operation, have generated significant revenues for education, welfare and economic development.
The Punjabi diaspora refers to the descendants of ethnic Punjabis who emigrated out of the Punjab region to the rest of the world.
There are approximately 56,000 Portuguese migrants and Australians with Portuguese heritage in Australia.
The houses usually form a circular cluster, or following the road after the introduction of a road.
Sumiya and his Tsahars contributed to the revolution of 1921.
Israelis and people of Israeli descent live across the world: in the United States, Russia, India, Canada, the United Kingdom, throughout Europe, and elsewhere.
The community is mostly made up of recently settled families; the Pakistan International School of Cairo was established in 1981 and largely caters to Pakistani students.
Some live across the border in modern northern Ghana and Togo.
The Momogun Rungus are an ethnic group of Borneo, residing primarily in northern Sabah in the area surrounding Kudat.
They were part of the Cocuy Confederation and spoke Chibcha, trading predominantly with other Chibcha speakers, such as the Muisca, Guane, Pijao and Chitarero.
There is a large population of Japanese expatriates in Indonesia, estimated at 11,263 people as of October 2009.
Ecuadorian Americans can be Mestizo, White Spaniard, Afro-Ecuadorian, Indigenous, Mulato, or Zambo.
However, the words "Hongkonger" and "Hong Kongese" were officially added to the Oxford English Dictionary in March 2014.
Moroccan Jews in Israel are immigrants and descendants of the immigrants of the Moroccan Jewish communities who now reside within the state of Israel.
Ngambri is an Aboriginal name for a locality in the south-east of Australia, near the centre of what is now Australia's capital city of Canberra.
There is a small Japanese community in India which consists mainly of expatriates from Japan or Indian-born people of Japanese ancestry.
The Panará are an Indigenous people of Mato Grosso in the Brazilian Amazon.
The Bhatt Prabhu Brahmin community belongs to the Panch Darvida category of Brahmins, and claims to be a sub-caste of the Karhade Brahmin community.
Venezuelan Canadians are one of more than ten Latino groups in Canada.
Nigerians were not broken out separately in immigration statistics until 1973.
The Sierra Leonean Vai are predominantly found in Pujehun District where they make up 10% of the population.
A Paraguayan American are Americans of Paraguayan descent.
Kenyan Australians are Australian citizens and residents of Kenyan origin and descent.
According to the last census in Bosnia and Herzegovina of 1991, there were 1,596 Macedonians in the country.
The majority of them lived in the capital city of Bissau and could trace their Cape Verdean roots to the island of Santiago.
Since the Port of Valparaíso opened its coasts to free trade in 1811, the English began to congregate in Valparaíso.
There were 104 Evens in Ukraine, 19 of whom speaking Even.
There is a small community of Nigerians in the Netherlands, which began to grow in the late 1980s.
Pogesanians, as the rest of the Prussians, were conquered by the Teutonic Knights and became Germanized or polonized.
This was where the name and identity of the eventual kingdom was adopted.
The main Polonia organisations in Germany are the Union of Poles in Germany and Congress of Polonia in Germany.
At the time of contact, the Taíno were divided into three broad groups, known as the Western Taíno, the Classic Taíno and the Eastern Taíno.
These include the Kvens and Forest Finns in Norway, the Tornedalians in Sweden, and the Ingrian Finns in Russia.
The Nzema are an Akan people numbering about 328,700, of whom 262,000 live in southwestern Ghana and 66,700 live in the southeast of Côte d'Ivoire.
The survivors were moved to Wybalenna Aboriginal Establishment on Flinders Island, where diseases continued to reduce their numbers even further.
They are located mostly in the southern part of Sweden, especially around Stockholm.
Americans in Germany or American Germans refers to the American population in Germany and their German-born descendants.
They form one of the 56 ethnic groups officially recognized by the People's Republic of China.
Average incomes have increased from well below average to above average today, and Poles continue to expand into white-collar professional and managerial roles.
The Tai Bueng are an ethnic group in Thailand.
Thus, most of their history, until quite recently, has been passed down via oral tradition with drummers as professional griots.
The Urhobos have social and cultural affinity to the Edo speaking people of Nigeria.
The Dumpas are an indigenous ethnic group residing in Sabah, eastern Malaysia on the island of Borneo.
Chinese people in Lithuania form a very small part of the Overseas Chinese community.
Greeks have been present in southern Russia from the 6th century BC; those settlers assimilated into the indigenous populations.
According to the 2011 Canadian census, 22,915 people claim Bosnian ancestry.
For the extinct Baltic tribe, see Curonians.
The 2011 Census recorded 57,439 Dutch-born residents in England, 1,642 in Wales, 4,117 in Scotland and 515 in Northern Ireland.
Among Marwari Agrawals, it is a caste.
There they endured forced labour and high taxation.
According to Dutch government statistics, 16,719 persons of first or second-generation Philippine background lived in the Netherlands in 2011.
Their territory lies south of the Nzime people and north of the Bekwel, both related groups.
The Romanian Orthodox Church operates in Caracas since 1997.
Modern Pequot and their descendants are members of the federally recognized Mashantucket Pequot Tribe, four other state-recognized groups in Connecticut, and the Brothertown Indians of Wisconsin.
The interests of the Armenian Diaspora in Malta are represented by the Armenian Community of Malta.
The Tohono O’odham are a Native American people of the Sonoran Desert, residing primarily in the U.S. state of Arizona and the Mexican state of Sonora.
They are generally considered the Namibian subgroup of the Afrikaners and more distantly the Coloureds of South Africa.
The issue of self-identification is complicated by the fact that many Sakhalin Koreans feel that Koreans from Central Asia look down on them.
Their population is approximately 1,100,000, of whom 450,000 live in the regency of Tana Toraja.
It is hard to determine how many ethnic Azerbaijanis currently reside in Turkey because ethnicity is a rather fluid concept in this country.
Pakistanis in the Netherlands formed a population of 35,000 individuals as of 2004, according to the statistics of Pakistan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
They moved freely between the borders of Argentina and Bolivia.
At the height of the British Empire, officers and administrators moved freely between far-flung colonies.
Bhils are divided into a number of endogamous territorial divisions, which in turn have a number of clans and lineages.
They were migrants from Tamil Nadu who were embraced into the Nair community.
The Igede language is a member of the Benue-Congo subgroup of the Niger-Congo language family.
Their heartland, the Dersim region, consists of Tunceli, Bingöl provinces and parts of Elazığ, Erzincan and Diyarbakır provinces.
The word was originally used in the colonial era to refer to individuals who were of half-Spanish and half-indigenous American ancestry.
Pequot, being a name given to the Mohegan by other tribes throughout the northeast, was eventually adopted by themselves overtime.
The growing figures have been linked as a proponent for the skyrocketing ratio of Canadian tourists choosing to visit Turkey each year.
The elevation within the Trique region varies between 1,500–3,000 m. This high elevation permits low-lying cumulus clouds to envelop entire towns during the afternoons and evenings.
The British Mirpuri community comprises people in the United Kingdom who originate from the Mirpur District in Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.
They traditionally use Nsibidi ideograms, and may be the group that originally created them.
Hispanic Americans and Latino Americans are people in the United States who are descendants of the Spanish-speaking and Portuguese-speaking countries of Latin America and Spain.
Their territory lies south of the Koonzime in Djaposten, east of the Badwe'e, north of the Njyem, and west of the Konabembe people, all related groups.
Anthropologically they belong to the Iranian people of the Indo-European family.
They were known as Malabars and orinignally arrived in the 19th century from other French Territories, namely Réunion.
They settle mainly in Sergelen, Bayantu'men, Choibalsan city of the Dornod Province and in Xilin Gol League of the Inner Mongolia.
Kurdish Canadians may refer to people born in or residing in Canada of Kurdish origin.
The Bhagavata calls the Abhiras as saurastra and Avantyas rulers and the Vishnu treats the Abhiras as occupying the Saurastra and Avantil provinces.
Serbia is also represented in Armenia through its embassy in Athens.
The number of people reporting their ethnicity as Greek in New Zealand was 2,478 in the March 2013 census.
One of these is located in Turkey.
They are in the Great Basin classification of Indigenous People.
In fact, many hardly speak the language at all."
There is a small community of Indians in Russia which includes Indian expatriates in Russia, as well as Russian citizens of Indian origin or descent.
The Silt'e people also Silte people are an ethnic group in southern Ethiopia.
Their languages, Muscogee and Hitchiti-Mikasuki, belong to the Eastern Muskogean branch of the Muscogean language family.
The Rashaida, Rashaayda or Bani Rashid is a tribe of ethnic Bedouin Arabs descending from Banu Abs native to the Hejaz region of Saudi Arabia.
They were also known as the Gelolu.
According to the 2007 national census, its population is 3,567,377 people, of whom 256,737 are urban dwellers.
In that city, the Ansari are said to make up a third of the city's population.
For example, the town of Guaraní das Missões was settled mostly by Polish immigrants.
The large Pakistani business community plays a role in the development of the host country.
Betawi people often described as the native Jakartans.
They speak the Ta’Oi language, a Mon–Khmer language.
The German community constitute one of the largest ethnic groups in Australia, numbering 898,700 or 4.5 percent of respondents in the 2011 Census.
The Aguarunas have a traditional, ideological and material culture, and they communicate with each other in their own language.
In 1702 they aided the Koroa in killing Father Nicholas Foucault and three French companions.
The Plains and Sierra Miwok were once the largest group of Native American Miwok people, indigenous to California.
European Americans are Americans with ancestry from Europe.
Other states with significant rates are: Rio de Janeiro, Mato Grosso do Sul, Espírito Santo, Minas Gerais and Goiás.
The Alawa people are an Indigenous Australian people from Arnhem Land in the Northern Territory, Australia.
Before the partition of India in 1947, people of the community were also found in modern-day Punjab province of Pakistan.
The Buena Vista Rancheria of Me-Wuk Indians of California is a federally recognized tribe of Miwok in Amador County, California.
Minangkabaus have also emigrated as skilled professionals and merchants to the Netherlands, United States, Saudi Arabia and Australia.
Norwegian South Africans are South African citizens of Norwegian ancestry.
They aligned with the Iroquois in New York, because of their ancestral linguistic and cultural connections.
Hispanics have lived within what is now the United States continuously since the founding of St. Augustine by the Spanish in 1565.
The Manskin Indians were a tribe of American Indians who were a part of the Powhatan Confederacy in historic Virginia.
Others today live in Newfoundland and the northeastern region of Maine.
It was among the first seven organizations to be granted state recognition under the laws of the state of Alabama in 1984.
Eurasians have been viewed with mixed fascination and disdain by the European and Asian communities.
The Laz people in Turkey refers to an ethnic group who are native to eastern Black Sea coast of northeastern Turkey, and their descendants.
The Chickasaw Nation is a federally recognized Native American nation, located in Oklahoma.
These Assamese speakers traditionally include Hindu groups like Ahoms, Assamese Brahmins, Kaibarta, Kalitas, Koch Rajbongshis, Sutiyas, Moran and Motok and Assamese Muslims, Assamese Sikhs and Christians.
The Csango people are a ethnographic group of Roman Catholic faith living mostly in the Romanian region of Moldavia, especially in Bacău County.
According to the 2011 Australian census 2,398 Albanians were born in Australia while 13,142 claimed Albanian ancestry, either alone or with another ancestry.
Their territory included what is now Alachua County, the northern half of Marion County and the western part of Putnam County.
The Morongo Reservation is located in Riverside County, California.
During the late 17th century and early 18th century, Guale society was shattered by extensive epidemics of new infectious diseases and attacks by other tribes.
The Turkish government categorized Kurds as "Mountain Turks" until 1991, and the words "Kurds", "Kurdistan", or "Kurdish" were officially banned by the Turkish government.
^ "Strategic Insight – Protests in Maldives over settling 2 Guantanamo Bay terrorists".
In the village of Kashkabulak, Kurdish students can study Kurdish through 12th grade.
The majority of Bengali Christians are Roman Catholics.
Their numbers are smaller when compared to the sizeable presence of American, British, and Canadian expatriates.
The term "Lori" refers to trade designations not to an ethnicity.
The land purchased will be put into trust for the tribe at this reservation.
The Crane Pond community has maintained its cultural continuity.
A few Gaddi are also found in the Terai region of Nepal.
The Riffian people speak the Tamazight group of Berber languages, specifically Tarifit or Zenatiya.
The total population of Ahtna is estimated at around 500.
Nevertheless, collectively they do not all necessarily consider themselves one people, i.e., a single ethnic group.
Although the tribe was terminated in the 1950s, it achieved federal recognition in 1987 as the Alabama-Coushatta Tribe of Texas.
Punjab literally means the land of five waters āb).
They are exogamous people, with patrilineal social organization in matters related to inheritance, succession and lineage affiliations with one-marriage rule.
The city of Billings is approximately 10 miles northwest of this reservation boundary.
They form the largest single Muslim community of the state.
Japanese settlement in New Caledonia dates back to the 19th century when male indentured labourers were brought to the island and worked in the nickel mines.
Pakistani Australians are Australians who are of Pakistani descent or heritage.
The People's Democratic Republic of Yemen PDRY was formed on 30 November 1967 when it achieved independence after 129 years of British rule.
Federal court decisions in the 1970s have affirmed their and other Native American traditional rights in Washington state to fish and gather food in this way.
The state of New York is home to the highest number of Cypriot Americans, followed by New Jersey and Florida.
The community is also sometimes referred to as Multani.
A Genoese community has existed in Gibraltar since the 16th century and later became an important part of the population.
The Office for National Statistics estimates that in 2014, 41,000 people born in Mauritius were resident in the UK.
They inhabit much of North Khorasan province, northern and northwestern parts of Razavi Khorasan province, as well as parts of Golestan province.
They speak the Fur language, which belongs to the Nilo-Saharan family.
It is estimated that the country received over seven million immigrants, predominantly from Spain and Italy, between 1870 and 1930.
Lapp Americans is sometimes used, but lapp is considered derogatory by the Sami.
They lived along the Potomac River in present-day Prince George's County, Maryland.
Manggarai people are spread across three districts in the province, namely the West Manggarai Regency, Manggarai Regency and East Manggarai Regency.
Sam McClellan is the current tribal chairman, elected in June 2016 to a second four-year term after succeeding Derek Bailey, who served from 2008–2012.
A Little Manila is a community with a large Filipino immigrant and descendant population.
They are found in North India and Pakistan.
They are a minority with their own language, churches, and social institutions.
The origin of the Nauruan people has not yet been finally determined.
The Serb-Montenegrin community in Albania is estimated to number ca.
They were one of the earliest Cameroonian peoples to make contact with Europeans, and over two centuries, they became influential traders and middlemen.
Russian settlement in the Philippines began when Russians from China who were escaping Communist rule left the country and settled in the Philippines.
^ Gordon Brown: We must defend the Union The Daily Telegraph, 25 March 2008
The indigenous Buglas Bukidnon and Ati peoples, with their interactions and intermarriage with recent migrants from Antique and Iloilo, spoke a mixed variant of Kinaray-a.
Historically its original population centres were Champagne and Aishihik, with bands active in both coastal and interior areas.
More still emigrated to France after the breakup of Yugoslavia.
Madiga is a social group found in southern Indian states of Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu.
Setos are mostly Seto-speaking Orthodox Christians of Estonian nationality.
The Avar language spoken by the Caucasian Avars belongs to the family of Northeast Caucasian languages and is also known as Nakh–Dagestanian.
As of 2015, they constitute 10.1% of the country's population, making them the second largest ethnic group in Brunei.
With approximately 100 million people, they form the largest ethnic group in Indonesia.
The name may have meant "connecting water", and it is one of only a few place names in the United States that is a palindrome.
A minority of this group have Hakka ancestry.
The first Cape Verdeans immigrated to Argentina in small numbers in the late 19th century.
However, in Rohilkhand, and in parts of the Doab and Awadh, there are genuine communities of Pashtuns, such as the Rohilla.
However, they were denotified in 1952, though the stigma continues.
English Australians have more often come from the South than the North of England.
Poles in France form one of the oldest Polish diaspora communities in Europe.
The European Jews maintained some trade connections to Europe, and their language skills were useful.
The 13th century saw the rise of another enemy, the Teutonic Knights, a crusading military order from the Holy Roman Empire.
Grenadians in the United Kingdom are citizens or residents of the United Kingdom whose ethnic origins lie fully or partially in Grenada.
A small Jain community survives from the classical period as well.
Chinese Surinamese are Surinamese residents of Chinese origin.
Jefferson Davis, President of The Confederate States of America P.G.T.
The 2011 Hungary census data had 10,965 people who self-identified religious Jews, of whom 10,553 declared themselves as ethnic Hungarian.
Basically, these people would call themselves Morangiya Tharu.
They live on the right bank of Rio Negro in an area commonly known as Alto Rio Negro in the Amazon rainforest.
Copts in Egypt refers to Coptic people born in or residing in Egypt.
However, most Turkmen settled in the region after the Ottoman sultan Selim I conquered Syria in 1516.
Modern place names with Chumash origins include Cayucos, Malibu, Nipomo, Lompoc, Ojai, Pismo Beach, Point Mugu, Port Hueneme, Piru, Lake Castaic, Saticoy, Simi Valley and Somis.
Evliya Celebi registers an Armenian "district" of Užice in the 17th century.
Even though official census data are not available, according to greatly varying local estimates, 850,000 to 1,000,000 Brazilians are of Hungarian descent.
The name also occurs as Olyutorka, a settlement where many of the Alyutor people formerly lived.
Some Tharu groups also live in the Indian Terai, foremost in Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh and Bihar.
Dhobi is a caste group of India and a tribe in Pakistan.
The latter referred to them as the Pima.
In 1722 the young Jesuit Father Jean Rouel was given the Yazoo mission near the French post.
They Soviet war in Afghanistan drove them to Pakistan.
There is a medium-sized population of Japanese people in Turkey, comprising mostly recent expatriates from Japan and their descendants born in Turkey.
The Maonan people's autonyms are ʔai1 na:n6 kjɔŋ5 na:n6.
The Otavalos are an indigenous people native to the Andean mountains of Imbabura Province in northern Ecuador.
They constitute a majority in the eastern coastal state of Odisha, with minority populations in Andhra Pradesh, West Bengal, Germany, and Australia.
Chamba, the origin of the Chambial clan.
However, there are those of the opinion that Isoko is a dialect of Urhobo.
Their population in Russia is about 150,000.
Though there is no consensus on the community's size, most estimates indicate that the number of displaced Iraqis in Syria remains well over 1,000,000 in 2010.
Large-scale immigration did not occur until the 1850s, following a series of gold rushes.
As of 2009 there are approximately 2,000 members of the tribe.
Nepal's 2011 census ranks Newars as the nation's sixth-largest ethnicity/community, with 1,321,933 Newars throughout the country.
The actual Nakota are the Assiniboine and Stoney of Western Canada and Montana.
The Boruca are an indigenous people living in Costa Rica.
These settlers were mostly Lowland Scottish and Northern English people and predominantly from Galloway, the Scottish Borders and Northumberland.
Some also migrated on their own as merchants and as other service providers.
The Lemba, wa-Remba, or Mwenye are a southern African ethnicity found in Zimbabwe and South Africa, with smaller, little-known branches in Mozambique and Malawi.
Hinduism is also one of the most youthful religions in Australia, with 34% and 66% of Hindus being under the age of 14 and 34 respectively.
More than 50% of those who are Ghana-born live in Sydney.
The Sápara Nation was officially registered by CONDENPE – the Council of Development of the nationalities and peoples of Ecuador – on September 16, 2009.
Punjab is often referred to as the breadbasket in both Pakistan and India.
Madhesi people comprise Brahmin and Dalit caste groups as well as ethnic groups such as Maithils, Bhojpuri and Bajjika speaking people.
Nicaraguans are the eleventh largest Hispanic group in the United States and the fourth largest Central American population.
The UNHCR reported in February 2017 that about 1.3 million registered Afghan citizens still remained in Pakistan, distributed as follows: Khyber Pakhtunkhwa; Punjab; Balochistan and Sindh.
A religious Kundum Festival is held annually all over the Ahanta-Nzema area.
It is one of Eskimo languages, belonging to the Yup’ik branch of these languages.
They now occupy influential positions in the politics, administration and business operations in the three countries they are most found in.
The present Koms are just a small percentage of the descendants of Shongthu, Saiche, Misai, Mirem, Telien and Mhangte.
Romani people self-segregated themselves for centuries from the dominant culture of Sudan, who view Romani as dishonorable though clever.
In contemporary terminology, people of Persian heritage native to present-day Afghanistan and Tajikistan are referred to as Tajiks.
Historically, the Tankas were considered to be outcasts.
Overall, it is one of the smaller subgroups of immigrants to the UK from Africa.
The Raj are a Hindu - Punjabi mainly community found in the state of Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, Bihar, Gujarat etc in India.
Most recently the biggest influx is of students coming to Australia to study English and to find work.
The Bakole speak a language of the same name.
Macquarie University estimates that the average annual remittances from Thailand to Burma exceed US$300 million.
The Zacatecos is the name of an indigenous group, one of the peoples called Chichimecas by the Aztecs.
Today Tlapanecs live primarily in the state of Guerrero a number more than 98,000.
Some of them are Pakistani Americans who have returned to Pakistan.
Bahawalani is a sub-division of the Abro tribe.
In 2012, during the conflict, the Argentine consulate in Damascus received 40 percent more applications for visas.
They gave in to Germanization later than western tribes that were conquered earlier.
They are an indigenous people of California, located in the northwestern corner of the state, in Humboldt and Siskiyou Counties.
When the Civil War of Tajikistan broke out in 1992 a large number of Gharmis joined the DPT-IRP opposition.
Of the big six, people of Akyem descent made up the majority.
The Göktürks, Celestial Turks, Blue Turks or Kok Turks, were a nomadic confederation of Turkic peoples in medieval Inner Asia.
The first census of Lushai Hills by the British in 1901 have recorded that there were 2,870 Paites in Mizoram.
Most of them live in Donetsk Oblast and particularly concentrated around the city of Mariupol.
The term does not have widespread use in Brazil, where social constructs and classifications have been based on appearance.
Like in most Western European countries, the Serb community in Austria consists mainly of Serbs from Serbia and Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Their traditional roles as multi-lingual travellers between European ports gave them a flexibility in negotiating with the native Māori people.
The Abbé, are an Akan people who live predominately in the Ivory Coast, and number 580,000.
Bosniaks of Croatia are one of the ethnic minorities of the Republic of Croatia.
In Lango language the word for clan is atekere.
In addition, Macedonia has people from Arab countries, who have the status of refugees or illegal immigrants trying to immigrate to Western Europe.
In addition, in 2006 163,802 Australian residents declared they had Polish ancestry, either alone or in combination with one other ancestry.
The short-lived Province of New Catalonia, founded by Joan Orpí, was also known as the Province of the Cumanagotos.
The Yazoo and Koroa joined with the Natchez in attacking the French, in an attempt to drive them out of the region altogether.
The majority of the Madhesis are Indo-Nepalese peoples.
597,212 Germans were enumerated in Russia, making Germans the fifth largest ethnic group in that country.
Approximately 80% of the indigenous peoples of Colombia live in the La Guajira, Cauca, and Nariño Departments.
It is officially the Narragansett Indian Tribe of Rhode Island and re-established sovereignty.
The British colonial influence is important to understanding the boom and bust of the port of Valparaíso.
They usually refer to themselves simply as Grenadian or possibly Caribbean.
They are closely related to Mazandarani people, and their area was historically ruled by various dynasties from Tabaristan.
By 2050, the Christian population is expected to exceed 3 billion.
Because the people never had a written language, they were educated in the Russian language.
The Finnic Votic language spoken by Votes is close to extinction.
There were large communities in Aleppo and Damascus for centuries, and a smaller community in Qamishli on the Turkish border near Nusaybin.
There an estimated 1.2 million Laris living in Congo.
Dutch West Indian Americans or Dutch Antillean Americans are Americans of Dutch Antillean descent.
Hinduism is one of the fastest growing religions in Australia mostly through immigration.
By the 1991 census this had increased to 9.3 million and by 2001 census this was nearly 11 million.
It is known as one of the state's Eastern Pueblos.
They share a common culture and speak the Dutch language.
Bosniaks are a Croat population, living in various settlements in the historic region Baranja, in its Hungarian part.
Ecuadorian Americans are Americans of full or partial Ecuadorian ancestry.
Altogether, 2.85% Romani and Egyptians have been registered in Macedonia.
Roman Catholics of the Latin Rite are small in numbers.
The Ningbonese are a subgroup of the Wu Han ethnicity.
Millions of Bengali Hindus migrated from East Bengal and settled in West Bengal and other states of India.
Scottish migration to New Zealand dates back to the earliest period of European colonisation, with a large proportion of Pākehā New Zealanders being of Scottish descent.
The history between Icelanders and North America dates back approximately one thousand years.
Most of them live in Johannesburg and other major cities.
The bulk of Setos, however, are found in the Setomaa region, which is divided between south-eastern Estonia and north-western Russian Federation.
Nigerian Americans make up a significant part of African immigration to the United States.
Today, growing numbers of Tumbwes work for wages in urban areas.
In Orissa, the Halwai are known as Gudia while in West Bengal they are known as Mayara, meaning confectioner.
The Mexican Kickapoo are a bi-national indigenous people, some of whom live both in Mexico and in the United States.
There are also a few migrants from the Republic of China on Taiwan.
They are the smallest tribe in Panama and live in the west of the country.
Magdel le Roux says that the name VaRemba may be translated as "the people who refuse" – probably in the context of "not eating with others".
In Bahrain, Sunni Bahrainis of Larestani ancestry are known as Hola.
They live mostly in Turkey, Egypt, and in Karachay-Cherkessia and Stavropol Krai in the North Caucasus region of Russia.
Only slightly more than 10% of the population is Evangelical.
They are in the process of redefining all the lands that were taken from them with a traditional territory map.
Of these, according to the census of 2010 in Spain, 183,277 reside in the French Republic.
A minority of Japanese Argentines also engaged in horticulture, floriculture, and fishery.
Probably the first European to express appreciation of the river was Capt.
Swiss Americans are Americans of Swiss descent.
This includes people born in the UK who are of Indian descent, and Indian-born people who have migrated to the UK.
Saudi Arabia does not consider Syrians as refugees.
The Lokono or Arawak are an Arawak people native to northern coastal areas of South America.
The last two native speakers died in the 1930s.
This term is to be distinguished from the term "Isleños", which refers to people of Canarian descent now living in any country of the Americas.
The natives possessed a narrow strip of good land bordering on the river.
The Wolof belonged to the medieval era Wolof Empire of Senegambia region.
The Katu people are an ethnic group of about 83,600 who live in eastern Laos and central Vietnam.
Sources from the Republic of Macedonia claim that the actual number is around 85,000.
They are a patrilineal society governed by a hierarchal, centralized authority.
The Turkana ethnic group as a whole is composed of two major divisions, each composed of territorial sections.
They were also exposed to alcohol for the first time, which led to huge numbers of natives succumbing to the effects of alcoholism.
It is also the fifth largest religion in the world, with 25 million followers in the world as of the year 2010.
22% of its 3,577 km2 are lagoons and creeks.
Most Arab Bulgarians are of Lebanese or Syrian origin, because they were the first Arabs to arrive in Bulgaria.
The first major wave of Armenian immigration to the US took place in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
In the 1940s, 70,000 young Finnish children were evacuated from Finland.
Estonian Canadians are Canadian citizens or residents of Estonian descent or Estonian-born people who reside in Canada.
The history of a distinct Palestinian national identity is a disputed issue amongst scholars.
Singaporean Americans are Americans who have Singaporean ancestry.
However, in São Paulo Lithuanians developed strong social ties around church congregations.
Although they practice slash-and-burn agriculture and hunt for bushmeat, they have little impact on the environment.
Some reports suggest the existence of Romani people in Morocco.
The Pakistan South Africa Association is a very effective organisation which represents Pakistanis all over South Africa.
Samish master carver William Bailey leads the Beaver Lodge Carving Circle, where Samish people can learn carving and other traditional arts.
The Larestani people are of Persian descent, the majority of Larestani people are Sunni Muslims, with a Shia minority.
Many of the Piankeshaw simply left and joined other Miami tribes.
A substantial number of British Pakistanis who arrived to London in the 1960s were qualified teachers, doctors and engineers.
Today's Székely Land roughly corresponds to the Romanian counties of Harghita, Covasna and central and eastern Mureș.
In 1880 the Ukits were encountered by the English explorer Harry De Windt who described them as follows:
After India gained its independence in 1947 and Israel was established as a nation, most Cochin Jews emigrated from Kerala to Israel in the mid-1950s.
The Yugur live primarily in Sunan Yugur Autonomous County in Gansu, China.
Cape Verdeans began arriving in France in 1964, from Rotterdam, Dakar, and Lisbon.
The Mocama were a Native American people who lived in the coastal areas of what are now northern Florida and southeastern Georgia.
Within the latter group was included the Piscataway Conoy Confederacy and Sub-Tribes and the Cedarville Band of Piscataway Indians.
Other media sources estimate an Hungarian population with Jewish ethnicity of around 48,200  mostly concentrated in Budapest,.
The Toraja are an ethnic group indigenous to a mountainous region of South Sulawesi, Indonesia.
In the year 2000 Brazilian census 12 million people in Brazil claimed to be of German descent.
According to the 2011 Census of Canada, 1,488,425 Canadians claimed full or partial Italian ancestry.
Burmese migrants contribute tremendously to the Thai economy, contributing between 5 and 6.2% of Thailand's GDP.
Koreans in Spain form one of the country's smaller Asian populations.
The majority of Bangladeshi Americans are Bengalis.
They reside mainly in the Tuaran District to as far as Kampung Sukoli, Telipok in the West Coast Division of Sabah.
These two successor groups are the Blackfeet Nation a federally-recognized tribe in Montana, USA and the Piikani Nation, a recognized "Indian band" in Alberta, Canada.
In some regions the indigenous peoples created monumental architecture, large-scale organized cities, chiefdoms, states, and empires.
Historically, these Mijikenda ethnic groups have been called the Nyika or Nika by outsiders.
At the beginning of the 20th century, 250,000 Spaniards lived in Morocco.
Many Cabécar settlements today are located inside reserves established by Costa Rican law in 1976 to protect indigenous ancestral homelands.
Some 925 of those New Zealand-Americans declared they were of Tokelauan origin.
Virjal or Viryal — a part of Chuvash people.
They are predominantly located in the central to eastern parts of the island.
The Jews of Kurdistan largely spoke Aramaic and Kurdish dialects, in particular the Kurmanji dialect in Iraqi Kurdistan.
Most Bhils now speak the language of the region they reside in, such as Marathi, Gujarati or a Hindustani dialect.
The Jewish Canadian community manifests a wide range of Jewish cultural traditions, as well as encompassing the full spectrum of Jewish religious observance.
These were six individuals who played a big role in the independence of Ghana.
The Pima  are a group of Native Americans living in an area consisting of what is now central and southern Arizona.
A related community are today known as Uluchu Kamme has Telugu as their mother tongue.
Along with Burmese Indians, they were part of the large South Asian community in the country.
The Gaels had their own style of dress, which became the belted plaid and kilt.
The ways of life of these four tribes are quite similar despite having different languages.
They are also known as Mansoori, especially in Gujarat, where the name Pinjara is no longer used.
Canadians in Mexico consist mainly of working professionals and retired expatriates.
Yenibosna is a borough, located on the western part of the Istanbul district of Bahçelievler, bordering with the neighbor district Küçükçekmece.
The Mon–Khmer-speaking tribes are the aboriginal inhabitants of mainland Southeast Asia, their ancestors having trickled into the area from the northwest during the prehistoric metal ages.
Macedonian organizations allege that the government undercounts their number and that they are politically under-represented, arguing there are no Macedonians in the Albanian parliament.
The Grindstone Indian Rancheria of Wintun-Wailaki Indians is a federally recognized tribe and ranchería of Wintun and Wailaki Indians from northern California.
are Canadians of full or partial Spanish heritage or people who hold a European Union citizenship from Spain as well as one from Canada.
The Aromanians speak the Aromanian language, a Latin-derived language similar to Romanian, which has many slightly varying dialects of its own.
The Cinta Larga are a people indigenous to the western Amazon Rainforest of Brazil, numbering around 1300.
By the 1930s there was neither an organized Jewish community nor a synagogue in the capital city of Georgetown.
They are centered on one larger group in Guinea, with smaller populations in the Gambia, Senegal, and in Mali.
Additionally, statistics from Pakistan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs show that roughly 20,000 Japanese tourists entered the country during 2007-08, primarily to visit Buddhist sites.
In the 2011 Bulgarian census, 1,654 people declared themselves to be ethnic Macedonians.
Though their reasons for leaving Haiti were manifold, their choice to settle in Quebec is mainly due to their fluency in French.
The other three tribes are located in the state of Michigan, part of the traditional Odawa territory.
The majority have settled on Java, where an estimated six million Madurese live, especially in East Java where they form about half the population.
The Italians are a nation and ethnic group native to Italy, who share a common culture and ancestry and speak the Italian language as mother tongue.
In 1971, the tribe was ceded a one-acre reservation after they received federal recognition status from the United States government.
Latin American Australians refers to Australian persons who were born in Latin America irrespective of their ancestral backgrounds, and their descendants.
They are traditionally defined as a subdivision of the Bunt community.
The Kanakanavu are an indigenous people of central southern Taiwan.
Today, the Marings are settled mostly in Chandel District in the South-Eastern part of the present State of Manipur bordering Myanmar.
Bangladeshi Canadians are Canadian citizens of Bangladeshi descent or a Bangladesh-born permanent resident who resides in Canada.
The Dhimar are a caste in India, sometimes referred to as a subcaste of boatmen.
Formerly known as "Polar Eskimos", they are the northernmost group of Inuit, and the world's northernmost people, living in Greenland.
The European Jews were also referred to as the Paradesi Jews or White Jews, given their European ethnicity.
The English language is the lingua franca of Nigerians.
It is known that there was Wiskiauten, a Viking settlement in Sambia, that flourished for about 300 years.
Like the rest of the indigenous peoples of Mexico, the Mixtec were conquered by the Spanish invaders and their indigenous allies in the 16th century.
The head of the main Mbundu kingdom was called a Ngola, which is the origin of the name of the country Angola.
In Jammu and Kashmir they are the third largest ethno-linguistic group.
By Turkish roots, this could mean roots linking back to Turkey, the island of Cyprus or the communities of the Turkish diaspora.
Hondurans are the eighth largest Hispanic group in the United States and the third largest Central American population, after Salvadorans and Guatemalans.
Their name could have derived from "bla" meaning "opponent" and the suffix "an" meaning "people".
Similar to neighboring country Argentina, Uruguay took in many immigrants from Europe beginning in the late 19th century and lasting until the mid 20th century.
While Scott County is largely rural, it is located within the Minneapolis-St. Paul-Bloomington, MN-WI Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Most of its citizens have moved to Haines Junction to take advantage of services offered there, such as schools.
Those identifying as Métis in the U.S. are fewer in number than the Métis in Canada.
Ezekuna died and was buried in Amana, in Ezza South LGA of Ebonyi State.
The term Coptic ordinarily refers to adherents of Coptic Christianity, but when used as a term referring to ethnicity means "Egyptian".
The names of these leaders became the Clan names of the Kom people.
This figure seems to be low, since Cape Verdeans are known to reside in several major Canadian cities, including Toronto, Montreal, and Vancouver.
There are about 60,586 Yazidis living in Russia, primarily in Moscow and in other agglomerations.
They had maintained cultural continuity through supporting independent churches and schools.
People declaring themselves Yugoslavs are concentrated in Vojvodina.
Indian Moors were a grouping of people who existed in Sri Lanka predominantly during its colonial period.
Ulster Scots are Lowland Scots and Northern English people who immigrated to the Irish Province of Ulster in 1690.
Christianity, which originated in the Middle East in the 1st century AD, is a significant minority religion of the region.
Responses to this crisis include protests, requests for assimilation, and the suicide of leader Maw-be'.
The Gharmi, or Garmi people, are one of the original groups of Tajiks, originate from the Rasht Valley in central Tajikistan.
By comparison, the Haaretz Israeli News estimated a Jewish-Australian population of 120,000-150,000.
They went to work in the many coffee plantations throughout the State of São Paulo.
The majority of Israeli Australians are Jewish.
Rose Mapendo, who suffered as a result of the war, has helped 2,000 refugees to emigrate into the United States through the organization Mapendo International.
They have a matrilineal kinship system, with descent and property passed through the maternal lines.
A large portion of the Mulam in Guangxi live in Luocheng Mulao Autonomous County of Hechi, Guangxi.
The name Sanpoil comes from the Okanagan [snpʕwílx], "gray as far as one can see".
They are now classified as one of several Murri language groups in Queensland.
They speak a Nilo-Saharan language that is not related to those of their Nilo-Saharan neighbors.
The Abenaki are a Native American tribe and First Nation.
The Ganda people, or Baganda, are a Bantu ethnic group native to Buganda, a subnational kingdom within Uganda.
There is a small community of Japanese people in Egypt, mainly of expatriates from Japan.
They represent the major population groups inhabiting the Subcarpathian Voivodeship.
It is the fifth most identified European ancestry in Australia behind 'English', 'Irish', 'Scottish' and 'Italian'.
Gabonese Americans are Americans of Gabonese descent.
Arab Brazilians are Brazilian citizens of Arab ethnic, cultural, linguistic heritage and identity.
Basque sailors were whaling and fishing around Newfoundland since 1525.
Dalits now profess various religious beliefs, including Buddhism, Christianity and Sikhism.
This term is not generally recognized by Grenadian's or indeed Caribbeans.
The Harari people, also called Geyusu, are an ethnic group inhabiting the Horn of Africa.
The emigration was exacerbated by the intercommunal violence in the 1950s and 1960s, as Turkish Cypriots had to live in enclaves in Cyprus.
In Guanajuato State the Chichimeca Jonaz people live in a community of San Luis de la Paz municipality.
They claim their ancestry from Banu Assad.
Hong Kong has since 1997 been a special administrative region of China; from 1841 to 1997 it was a British crown colony.
Most of the Portuguese who arrived throughout the centuries in Brazil sought economic opportunities.
The decay was accelerated by the departure of the Dutch in the 1950s and formation of independent Indonesia.
Most of the tribe's members still live in the area today.
Uruguayans in Sweden are people born in Uruguay who live in Sweden, or Swedish-born people of Uruguayan descent.
However, some still retain beliefs and practices from African traditional religions.
In total the 1.2 million Asians in South Africa represent about two percent of the nation's population.
As of 2011-2014 report by International Organization for Migration, 176,748 Nepali Citizens lived in Qatar as migrant workers.
Meitei-Pangals live not only in Manipur, but also in Assam, Tripura, Nagaland and across the national border in Bangladesh.
The Pirahã language and culture have a number of unusual features, and are sometimes described as "primitive."
The Tanzanian Luo population was estimated at 1.1 million in 2001 and 1.9 million in 2010.
Lindu people is a collection of four indigenous communities known as Anca, Tomado, Langko and Puroo in areas around Lindu Lake in Central Sulawesi, Indonesia.
Maronite Christianity in Lebanon refers to adherents of the Maronite Church in Lebanon, which is the largest Christian denomination in the country.
The Nara are a Nilotic ethnic group inhabiting Eritrea.
The Shaikh of the Indian state of Rajasthan are part of the wider Shaikh community of South Asia.
According to the latest population census, there were around 2.7% "Others".
Significant numbers of Larestani people also have migrated to Kuwait, Bahrain, UAE and other Persian Gulf Arab countries in the region.
The Masaru is a ceremony that celebrates the harvest of rice, whereas the Maleveq commemorates their ancestors or gods.
Their survival was credited to their tradition of oral history.
The Tribe's population includes Swinomish, Lower Skagit, Upper Skagit, Kikiallus, and Samish peoples.
Numbering around 500,000, this ethnic group traces its origins back to Arab settlers who arrived from Mecca in the 15th or 16th century.
The name of the clan was first mentioned in 1073 by Adam of Bremen, who calls them "most humane people".
These sub-territories consisted of Chamba, Bharmour, Bhatti, Churah and Pangi.
Pakistanis in China consist largely of temporary residents, including international students and cross-border traders.
As the war drew to a close, the Soviet Union resumed its occupation of the Baltic states in 1944-1945.
The majority of the Fula ethnic group consisted of semi-sedentary people as well as sedentary settled farmers, artisans, merchants and nobility.
Moreover, in contrast to other migrants, Assyrians have the highest rate of acquiring the Australian citizenship.
Previously, the Truku and the related Seediq people were classified in the Atayal group.
Some live in the Rampur District of India.
In the 20th century, four different ethnolinguistic populations of Aché were contacted and pacified.
It also contains the nightshades and horse nettles, as well as numerous plants cultivated for their ornamental flowers and fruit.
During the 18th and 19th centuries, Akan slaves were all referred to as "Coromantees".
Those who are settled in resettlement villages are subsistence farmers and farm hands to other farmers.
Na Gbewa is regarded as the founder of Dagbon.
Marings worshiped God in different forms and places according to the situations and occasions.
However, the figures of the Netherlands' Centraal Bureau voor de Statistiek showed only 17,990 persons of Pakistani origin that year.
The majority of the members of this community have migrated to Pakistan after independence and have settled in Karachi, Khairpur State in Sind and Lahore.
m the body of ethnographic and linguistic literature on Mindanao they are variously known as Tboli, T'boli, Tböli, Tiboli, Tibole, Tagabili, Tagabeli, and Tagabulu.
Others members work in eastern Africa as tenant fishermen, small scale farmers, and urban workers.
According to Tudor Parfitt, Professor of Oriental and African Studies at the University of London, in 2002 they numbered an estimated 50,000.
The Telugu people or Telugu Prajalu are a Dravidian ethnic group that natively speak Telugu.
It was recorded by German ethnologist Adolf Ellegard Jensen in a 1937–1938 expedition to the Maluku Islands.
Their unwritten language, also called Tsez or Dido, belongs to the Northeast Caucasian group with some 15,354 speakers.
Many Icelandic Canadians are descendants of people who fled an eruption of the Icelandic volcano Askja in 1875.
The reservation celebrates this victory with a rodeo and pow wow each November.
They are in majority in Upper Assam
Finnish Americans comprise Americans with ancestral roots from Finland or Finnish people who emigrated to and reside in the United States.
According to the 2000 Mexican census, 1,293 Russian citizens were resident in Mexico.
Sweden-Finns should not be confused with the Swedish-speaking Finland-Swedes in Finland, who comprise a linguistic minority in Finland.
Biharis were stateless until 2008 when a judgement by the Dhaka High Court gave them right of citizenship.
As an officially-recognised ethnic minority, Ukrainians have one seat reserved in the Romanian Chamber of Deputies.
Over 34,000 Bulgarians live in France alone, with the main concentration in Paris.
By 1700, the colonies had about 6,000 black slaves, one-twelfth of the population.
Swedish Iranians consist of people of Iranian nationality who have settled in Sweden, as well as Swedish residents and citizens of Iranian heritage.
On average, African Americans are of West/Central African and European descent, and some also have Native American ancestry.
According to the 2010 U.S. Census, there were 14,716 citizens of Algerian ancestry.
In the 2014 American Community Survey, English Americans are of the total population.
Brazilian Canadians are Canadians of Brazilian descent or Brazilians who have immigrated to Canada.
Poles have lived in present-day United States territories for over 400 years—since 1608.
^ Andrii Danylenko", "Iazychie and Surzhyk: Mixing Languages and Identities in the Ukrainian Borderlands"; in Tomasz Kamusella, Motoki Nomachi & Catherine Gibson.
The Jukun are traditionally located in Taraba, Benue, Nasarawa, Plateau, Adamawa, and Gombe States in Nigeria and parts of northwestern Cameroon.
In 2008 they acquired approximately 80 acres of property on the southern end of Cloverdale, California.
The Alutiiq people, also called by their ancestral name Sugpiaq as well as Pacific Eskimo or Pacific Yupik, are a southern coastal people of Alaska Natives.
Most of their synagogues have been sold and adapted for other uses.
Between 70,000 and 135,000 ethnic Armenians live in the country, the largest Armenian population in Latin America, and one of the largest in the world.
They constitute nearly 6% of the population of Houlton.
Turks in Uzbekistan are ethnic Turks who live in Uzbekistan.
Belgian Americans are Americans who can trace their ancestry to immigrants of Belgium who emigrated to the United States.
It has been estimated that there are between 225,000 and 400,000 Zaghawa.
The Community is composed mainly of Akimel O'odham and Tohono O'odham, as well as some ethnic Hia-Ced O'odham members.
The Eastern Dakota are the Santee, who reside in the eastern Dakotas, central Minnesota and northern Iowa.
Gambian communities exist in Chicago and Washington, DC.
The population descented from Black Africans, exported to Bermuda as slaves.
The Italian capital Rome is home to the largest Filipino community.
The Zuni are federally recognized Native American Pueblo peoples.
The term Mikir is now not preferred and is considered to be derogatory.
Somalis in the United Kingdom include British citizens and residents born in, or with ancestors from, Somalia.
The Turkish community became an ethnic minority when the Principality of Bulgaria was established after the Russo-Turkish War of 1877-78.
There are different accounts for the actual Kurdish population within the Netherlands.
They are a Muslim people with a small knowledge of Islam.
Those generally termed Kanuri include several subgroups and dialect groups, some of whom feel themselves distinct from the Kanuri.
Iranun was a breed nation between the Karibang-Karingke Line of descent and last wave of Malay migrants.
They are known as the Duor by other communities occupying the savanna lands of the White Nile.
The Efik speak the Efik language which is a Benue–Congo language of the Cross River family.
They are known as Naik Maratha Samaj and Nutan Maratha Samaj in the Sindhudurg district of Maharashtra and Uttara Kannada district of Karnataka, respectively.
The Muslim Teli are an ethnic group found in Pakistan and India.
Suwa'dabc, Snohomish name for all interior Indians, meaning "inland people," or "interior people."
Perhaps the most famous Italian Egyptian is Yolanda Christina Gigliotti known as Dalida.
Countless fell ill to diseases the Europeans brought with them, for example smallpox, measles, chicken pox, tuberculosis, yellow fever, and other forms of the flu virus.
The history of the Jews in Sweden probably began with arrivals from the Hanseatic League in medieval times, but there are no records.
The term ḍoma or ḍomba is extensively used in Indian Hindu and Buddhist literature for a segregated and enslaved population.
A sizeable number of Britons in Pakistan are British Pakistanis, descendants of Pakistani immigrants to the UK prior to their return.
The Hedareb people live in northwestern Barka in Eritrea, and in Sudan.
There are more than 180 Daai villages with a total population of somewhere between 60,000 and 90,000.
They have a feudal and martial heritage, and many erstwhile royalty of the Tulu Nadu region were Jain Bunts.
They occupy the western part of the district, and the Muha'il- Qunfudah road from Dhahab to Ghar el-Hindi is in their territory.
They came to gradually control the trade in Zanzibar.
However the largest specific group were Tamils from South India.
There is also a significant number of persons of Romanian Jewish ancestry, estimated at about 225,000.
While Brazilian citizens may travel to Metropolitan France without a visa, they do need a visa to enter French Guiana.
After a major defeat by the Xiongnu, during the 2nd century BC, the Yuezhi split into two groups: the Greater Yuezhi and Lesser Yuezhi.
Most of them live in the villages scattered across this region.
The terms Hindki and Hindko are terms Pashtuns use to denote Indians, and Hindkowan can mean "Indian speaking" just as Farsiwan can mean "Persian speaking".
Over half emigrated during the first six years of the Nazi dictatorship.
In the past decade, most of the Arab immigration are Iraqis.
They are believed to be ancestors of the Harari and Somali people.
High levels of emigration to South Korea, which has conversely reported a large increase in Chosŏnjok, are the likely cause of the drop.
They are recognized by the Colombian authorities as one of the Afro-Colombian ethnic groups under the multicultural policy pursued since 1991.
The language is Indo-Aryan, closely related to Central Indian and Northwest Indian.
The tribe hosts an annual powwow in early June.
The US government signed treaties with the Tongva, promising 8.5 million acres of land for reservations, but these treaties were never ratified.
The vast majority of Lebanese and other Levantine migrants who arrived in Egypt were well-educated and French-speaking.
The Tektitek are a Maya people in Guatemala.
Adyghe is the endonym of the Circassians.
The community made up 3.9% of the population of Belize in 2010.
The Loko were among the slaves shipped to North America while slavery still existed.
The Kalangas are one of the largest minority groups in Botswana.
The Gola or Gula are a tribal people living in western/northwestern Liberia and Eastern Sierra Leone.
Most are Christian and they arrived in Chile in the mid-19th to early-20th centuries to escape from poverty.
The tribe controlled the area between the Missouri and Red rivers, the Ozarks to the east and the foothills of the Wichita Mountains to the south.
They object to his having called for "the total annihilation of the few remaining Indians."
African Australians are of diverse racial, cultural, linguistic, religious, educational and employment backgrounds.
Other evidence suggests it was located in the Pine Beach area of Sewell's Point.
The Laotian Chinese community have a disproportionately large presence in the Laotian business sector and dominate the Laotian economy today.
They live in two separate villages with total population of roughly 290.
Their history and lingua franca is linked to the Songhai Empire which dominated the western Sahel in the 15th and 16th century.
Though they are medically deaf, children of Deaf people and a few hearing people who learn ASL can become adopted into the wider Deaf community.
They are concentrated in Kruševo, Štip, Bitola and Skopje.
They have a common language, Shuwa Arabic, which is one of the regional varieties of Arabic.
Turks also support each other on their biggest information sharing site Bilgi Kuveyt - http://www.bilgikuveyt.com
Their language is of uncertain classification and shows some similarities with the Nilo-Saharan, particularly Koman, languages.
The Big Lagoon Rancheria is a federally recognized tribe of Yurok and Tolowa Indians.
There are an estimated 1,125 Angolan citizens registered in Brazil, most Angolan citizens in the country are on student or work visas.
The Bangladeshi Malaysians consists of people of full or partial Bangladeshi descent who were born in or immigrated to Malaysia.
Sundanese migrants can also be found in Lampung and South Sumatra.
Children of those few early settlers and retired soldiers became the first Californios.
The history of Jewish community of Serbia goes back about two thousand years.
Their influence once extended from the Aconcagua River to the Chiloé Archipelago and spread later eastward to the Argentine pampa.
The Madurese people have migrated out of Madura over several hundred years, mostly driven by poor agricultural resources in their home island.
The present-day U.S state of Massachusetts is named after the tribe.
Abbés populations or Abbeys were the warriors of the left wing of the army of Queen Pokou.
There are about 30,000 people of Latvian descent living in Canada.
A second small group of seamen came during the Second World War with the Royal Navy, and stayed in search of employment.
The Gaels are an ethnolinguistic group native to northwestern Europe.
Concow, or Konkow, people are the northwestern or foothill branch of the Maidu people, who traditionally spoke the Concow language
In the forced deportations before and after World War II most of them were relocated to other parts of the Soviet Union.
In Buenos Aires, the Armenian community is known to share their common culture with the Basque community through musical events and cultural activities.
They speak the Yaw dialect of the Burmese language.
The Lhop or Doya people are a little-known tribe of southwest Bhutan.
Palestinian Haitians, are Haitians of Palestinian descent, or Palestinians with Haitian citizenship.
Afro-Surinamese scholar, Gloria Wekker, argues, for example, that working-class Afro-Surinamese women retained pre-colonial African cultural understandings of gender, sexuality, and spirituality.
From 1821, the Philippine Islands were ruled directly from Madrid, Spain.
When the Portuguese arrived in the 15th century, the Fante prevented them from venturing inland and leased properties for Portuguese trading missions.
Orthodox communions comprise 12% of the world's Christians.
They also extended into Bolivia and the Brazilian state of Goiás.
Until today, the Giriama extended their living space down to the coast.
The Oromo people are an ethnic group inhabiting Ethiopia, who are also found in northern Kenya and Somalia.
The majority of ethnic Samoans now reside in other countries, primarily in the United States, New Zealand and Australia.
The Tày ethnic group is also sometimes referred to as the Thổ.
Most Azerbaijani-Americans have immigrated to the United States from Republic of Azerbaijan, Iran, Russia and Turkey.
The Mirshikar are a Muslim community, found in North India who were traditionally hunters and trappers of birds and small animals.
The Chola dynasty successfully invaded parts of Southeast Asia like Malaysia, Southern Thailand and Indonesia.
Because of longstanding ethno-sectarian divisions, British identity in Northern Ireland is controversial, but it is held with strong conviction by Unionists.
Hong Kong Australians are Australian citizens of Hong Kong descent.
The Sulud/Tumandok are known for their Binanog dance, which mimics the flight of the Philippine eagle, accompanied by an agung ensemble.
First Nations of Canada are also officially referred to as 'Indians' by the Canadian government under the Indian Act.
The Koi Nation of the Lower Lake Rancheria is a federally recognized tribe of Southeastern Pomo people in Sonoma County, California.
In May 1943, Germany was declared judenrein.
Of those still alive at age 10, half would die by the age of 50.
There is a significant community of Egyptians in Italy.
Caldoche is the name given to European inhabitants of the French overseas collectivity of New Caledonia, mostly native-born French settlers.
Although not recognized by the U.S. federal government, the Duwamish remain an organized tribe with roughly 500 enrolled members as of 2004.
Restricted under Dutch East Indies' law until 1919, the community elites later gained economic power through real estate investment and trading.
Tanana Athabaskans were strictly territorial and used hunting and gathering practices in their semi-nomadic way of life and dispersed habitation patterns.
Agricultural land was managed by women and allotted according to the subsistence needs of their extended families.
Some of these immigrants were Christian-Lebanese and others were adept to Islam.
This numerically small, widely dispersed people have migrated to the region from South Asia, particularly from India, in Byzantine times.
The term encompasses people of all ethnic backgrounds with ancestry in present-day Myanmar.
It is a mix of domestic and Latin language with additional influences from other surrounding languages of the Balkans, such as Greek, Albanian and Bulgarian languages.
They led socially nurtured life even while living in the cave.Eventually they came out from the cave.
Just like any other Batak people, the Kluet people have marga of their own that are still being used today:-
Tamil-Seychellois are people of Tamil ethnic origins living in the island nation of Seychelles.
The Montaukett or Montauk people are a Native American tribe of Algonquian-speaking people from the eastern end of Long Island, New York.
Smaller numbers of Greeks can be found in Aguascalientes, Acaponeta, Tepic, and Pachuca.
In 2013 there were 9,579 Sri Lankans in New Zealand.
They are headquartered in Houlton, Maine, located in Aroostook County.
Many settled in the town of Crawley in West Sussex, and the Chagossian community there numbered approximately 3,000 in 2016.
The Goranci or Gorani are a Slavic Muslim ethnic group inhabiting the Gora region - the triangle between Kosovo, Albania, and the Republic of Macedonia.
The Kushanas played an important role in the development of trade on the Silk Road and the introduction of Buddhism to China.
The Ramgarhia are a Punjabi community in the Punjab region of northwestern India
Gambian immigrants include members of ethnic groups such as the Mandinka.
This group has its own dialect which retains some features of an older Maldivian, and shows Malayalam influences as well.
The word Ot means people or upstream, while the word Danum means water.
Former Prime Minister Sitiveni Rabuka was given a lifetime appointment on the council.
In the late 1950s, Egypt began to expel its Jewish population, also sequestering Jewish-owned property at this time.
They now form a distinct community of Gujarati speaking Muslims.
Today majority of them identify themselves as Kyrgyz.
Polygyny was practiced by chiefs, whose wives lived together in a kind of harem.
There is also a small South African community in South America, mainly in Argentina.
It is recorded in Chinese as Wulianghai or Wuliangha.
Lemkos are an ethnic sub-group inhabiting a stretch of the Carpathian Mountains known as Lemkivshchyna.
The Iranun may perhaps be the mother language and the rest are just a mere dialects.
Cape Verdean Americans are Americans whose ancestors were Cape Verdean.
S. R. Chakravarty asserts that Kheng are one of the earliest inhabitants that language spread upwards from Kheng into Bumthang and Kurtöp.
One genealogist estimated that, by 2004, between 300,000 and 500,000 Californians were descendants of Californios.
African immigration to Norway refers to immigrants to Norway from Africa.
They have established a number of temples and other religious meeting places and celebrate most Hindu festivals.
Some also live outside their homelands in urban areas such as Victoria and Vancouver.
Mixed is an ethnicity category that has been used by the United Kingdom's Office for National Statistics since the 1991 Census.
They traditionally have strong marriage taboos and complex funeral rites.
But, the ethnonyms of Sugpiaq-Alutiiq are a predicament.
The Coharie, which means "Driftwood" in Tuscarora, are a Native American Tribe who descend from the Carolina Iroquoian Tuscarora nation.
The first Sakpe [pronounced Shock-pay], meaning "six," was named by his people as such after his wife bore sextuplets.
At the start of 20th century, anti-Jewish pogroms continued to occur.
Gondi people were made to act as a militia against Naxalites by the Government of Chhattisgarh through Salwa Judum.
As of 2005, there were approximately 4,000 Jews living in the Czech Republic.
Cameroonian American are Americans of Cameroonian descent.
The Gan-speaking Chinese or Jiangxi people or Kiang-Si people are a subgroup of Han Chinese people.
In 2007-08 4,000 South Africans permanently settled in Australia, a number that is slightly lower than previous years.
west of the Oder–Neisse line, or elsewhere in the world.
Under the Burji dynasty, Egypt was ruled by twenty one Circassian sultans from 1382 to 1517.
Many Samoans live in Sydney, Brisbane and Melbourne.
The few hundred Seminoles remaining in Florida fought against US forces in the Third Seminole war, and peace was made without their defeat.
The Chickasaw are divided in two groups: the Impsaktea and the Intcutwalipa.
The other group, East Indians, are predominantly Catholic, and are concentrated in coastal Maharashtra, especially the districts of Thane, Palghar, Mumbai.
Chinese and Japanese are the group's largest ancestries; other major ones include Arabs, Filipinos, Koreans, and Indians.
Iranian Arabs form ~1% of Iran's population.
Similar but culturally distinct toddy tapping communities, called the Billava and Deevaru, exist in South Kanara and southern Karnataka, respectively.
They count 320 members, and the leader of their tribal association is Renato Caritiana.
Marathi Muslims belong mostly to the Sufi tradition.
The Hadhrami or Hadharem are people inhabiting the Hadhramaut region in Yemen and their descendants in diaspora communities around the world.
A 2010 census determined the population of Tupiniquim in all three indigenous territories as 2,630.
Immigrants from some Caribbean, Central American and South American nations and their descendants may or may not also self-identify with the term.
Their self-designation is Xawiƚƚ kwñchawaay, translating to “Those Who Live on the River”.
Currently, Jewish-Paraguayan community is about 1,000 people, most of them located in the capital Asunción.
According to the last census from 2011, the total number of Bosniaks in Montenegro was 53,605 and they comprised 8.65% of population.
They are also known as Siberian or Asian Eskimo.
^ United States Department of State, United Kingdom - People, state.gov, retrieved 19 February 2009 
Italians are the first largest ethnic origin of modern Argentines, followed by Spaniards.
The Chantuu people are Mongolized Uzbeks of Turkic origin in Hovd province, Mongolia.
The tribe lives on a reservation in the Nisqually River valley near the river delta.
More than two million Soviet Jews are believed to have died during the Holocaust in warfare and in Nazi-occupied territories.
The majority of these respondents are visibly White Americans, however no-longer self-identify with their ethnic ancestral origins or simply respond as a political statement.
The Hasinai Confederacy was a large confederation of Caddo-speaking Native Americans located between the Sabine and Trinity rivers in eastern Texas.
At least one genetic study indicates that Cape Coloureds have an ancestry consisting of the following ethnic groups:
About 2,532,380 Americans— 0.83% of the total population—reported Caribbean ancestry in 2008.
Hindu temples serve both Hindus and Buddhists.
As of 2009, there were 38 synagogues in the country.
The Nisqually Indian Tribe of the Nisqually Reservation is a federally recognized tribe of Nisqually people.
Filipinos in Palau consist of migrants from the Philippines and their descendants living in Palau.
The Nomlaki are Central Wintun, or River and Hill Nomlaki, an indigenous people of California, located in Tehama and Glenn counties.
In 1944, the Meskhetian Turks were accused of smuggling, banditry and espionage in collaboration with their kin across the Turkish border.
Tibetans have been in Switzerland since the 1960s, when the Swiss Red Cross helped resettle 300 Tibetans in Switzerland.
Indonesian Americans are migrants from the multiethnic country of Indonesia to the United States, and their U.S.-born descendants.
Just like most tribes in Sulawesi, the Butonese people are also seafarers and traders.
It is estimated that almost half a million Middle Eastern Arabs studied in Romania during the 1980s.
Other than the US passport, many of them also hold HKSAR Passport and British National passport.
Many countries, such as the United Kingdom, therefore recognize Sikh as a designated ethnicity on their censuses.
The community exists in major cities including the Greater Toronto Area, Hamilton, Ottawa, Vancouver, Calgary, Windsor, and Montreal.
The Sauk-Suiattle Indian Reservation is in this area, centered near the present-day town of Darrington.
American Albanians are Americans of full Albanian ancestry.
Their villages often had wooden palisades for defense.
They live in the Indigenous Park of the Xingu, located around the headwaters of the Xingu River in Mato Grosso.
The Eyak are a Native American indigenous group traditionally located on the Copper River Delta and near the town of Cordova, Alaska.
Trade included salt and textiles, as well as food stuffs.
Syrian Americans may be members of a number of differing ethnicities, including Arabs, Armenians, Arameans, Assyrians, Syrian Jews, Kurds, Syrian Turkmens and Circassians.
It would be hundreds of years before an open Jewish community would be established on the island.
It may also be possible that Vadamas may be Brahmins whose origins lie in the Dravida region of northern Tamil Nadu.
Traditionally, the group does not include the "Cape Malays", who were descended from South East Asians, who were classified as "Coloured" under apartheid.
A total of 4,825 people indicated that they were of partial or full South Sudanese ancestry.
Small ethnic Igbo populations are found in Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea, as well as outside Africa.
Most Russians live in Estonia's capital city Tallinn and the major northeastern cities of Narva and Kohtla-Järve.
The Tau Taa Wana are currently under threat.
The Shabo have different clans and exogamy is mandatory.
The Sakuddei or Sabiroet people are an ethnic group, one of at least eleven, on the island of Siberut, Indonesia.
The Ulch are an indigenous paleo-asian people of the Russian Far East who speak now a Tungusic language, Ulch.
Aspects of Bozo culture took shape under the 10th century Ghana Empire, when the Bozo took possession of the banks of the Niger.
According to the official statistics there are 28,892 people off background, connected to Turkey, of whom - 20 265 are immigrant and - 8,614 descendant.
The Bedoon is an ethnic group in Persian Gulf Arab states  The Bedoon are reportedly stateless people; several governments recognize them as illegal immigrants.
In the 1960s and 1970s, one of the most successful Australian soccer clubs was Sydney FC Prague.
According to the 2010 census, there were 1,181 Chelkans in Russia.
The remaining continue to leave since the War in Afghanistan.
A significant portion of these immigrants were war brides, because they had married U.S. soldiers who were stationed in the Pacific theater during the war.
The Kickapoo Tribe of Indians of the Kickapoo Reservation in Kansas is one of three Federally recognized tribes of Kickapoo people.
Approximately 400–500,000 respondents from the other areas of East Upper Silesia who declared "Upper Silesian nationality" were assigned to the German nationality category.
Ethnic Berbers in Niger are believed to number of 1,620,000
It is one of three federally recognized tribes of Odawa people in Michigan.
Turkish Americans are Americans of Turkish descent or origin.
They are mostly found in Tatarstan and in Udmurtia, Bashkortostan and Chelyabinsk Oblast.
Most Hungarian immigrants to Australia from South America during the first half of the 20th century came via Chile.
Bara society is highly patriarchal and endogamy and polygamy are practiced among some Bara sub-clans.
Today there is still a notable Afro-Argentine community in the Buenos Aires districts of San Telmo and La Boca.
In Western countries, a large and influential Albanian population exists in the United States formed from continuous emigration dating back to the 19th century.
Paris is the main point of residence for Mexicans, but there are also considerable numbers in Strasbourg and Marseille.
The Ramaiya are a caste found in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India.
An estimated 45,000 people in Brazil are of Macedonian ancestry.
They live in Grand Bassa, Rivercess, Margibi and Montserrado counties.
Eurasians are not always willing to alter their religious and cultural identity in this way.
Norwegian immigrants went to the United States primarily in the later half of the 19th century and the first few decades of the 20th century.
They can be also found in Quito and Guayaquil.
Those regions have now changed to several regencies and cities in Southeast Sulawesi.
Aside from India, Tai peoples can generally be identified through their language.
Serbian Brazilian is a Brazilian citizen of Serbian descent or Serbia-born person who resides in Brazil.
They are the descendants of Persian Jews from Iran.
Numerical estimates of their total population vary widely.
Tats are mainly Shia Muslims, with a significant Sunni Muslim minority.
Americans in Ireland comprise Irish citizens and residents who have full or partial American descent or ancestral background.
From an ethnographic point of view, Kayeli are close to other indigenous people of Buru, such as Lisela and Buru.
Kumhar literally means potter in Indian languages.
The vast majority of Jamaican American are of black Afro-Caribbean descent.
The Guraghe people are an Ethiopian Semitic-speaking ethnic group inhabiting Ethiopia.
Most live in British Columbia on northern Vancouver Island and the adjoining mainland, and on islands around Johnstone Strait and Queen Charlotte Strait.
Italian settlers in Libya typically refers to Italians, and their descendants, who resided or were born in Italian Libya, in the colonial period preceding independent Libya.
The Mentawai language belongs to the Austronesian language family.
Minority Jewish ethnic divisions are also represented, including Sephardic Jews, Mizrahi Jews, and a smaller percentage of converts to Judaism.
In the early 21st century, there are approximately 200,000-250,000 speakers of the Ngäbere language.
The Samburu speak Samburu, which is a Nilo-Saharan language.
They have become one of the key Armenian diasporas around the world and among the largest in the English-speaking world.
Each clan has a chief called ‘Upa’.
They are estimated to number a little over 4.9 million individuals as per the Kenyan 2009 census.
In the 21st century, the federally recognized Osage Nation has 10,000 enrolled members, 6,780 of whom reside in the tribe's jurisdictional area.
Inuit is a plural noun; the singular is Inuk.
Lebanese people in Cyprus include immigrants and descendants of immigrants from Lebanon, numbering approximately 20,000 people of Lebanese descent.
During the 19th century, they spread throughout the area that is now Guinea-Bissau and southern Senegal in order to resist the expansion of the Kaabu kingdom.
The Absentee Shawnee Tribe of Indians of Oklahoma is one of three federally recognized tribes of Shawnee people.
Bhumij are a tribal/Adivasi people living primarily in the Indian states of Assam, West Bengal, Odisha and Jharkhand, mostly in the old Singhbhum district.
The shape of their headwear also has a resemblance to each other.
Both peoples refer to themselves by the endonym Luorawetlan, meaning "the real people".
In fact, Punjabi Hindus can trace their roots from the time of the Vedas.
The federally recognized Quechan tribe's main office is located in Fort Yuma, Arizona.
They are concentrated in Lisbon and Porto.
The Sogwo Arig Mongol lords held their royal title until the 1950s.
They are, though, heavily influenced by various Khoisan peoples, with Khoisan people being absorbed into the populations of, particularly western, Tswanas.
A Hispanic Belizean or Belizean Mestizo is a Belizean of Hispanic and mestizo origin.
In their epic stories, Jagodina is described as an ancient seat.
They are mostly found in southern India, especially in present-day Kerala and Tamil Nadu.
The major religions are Mahayana Buddhism and Taoism, with elements of animism and veneration of the dead.
Large Serbian communities and ethnic neighborhoods can be found in Sydney, Melbourne and Perth.
In August 2003 the site of an ancient Klallam village, Tse-whit-zen, was discovered during a construction project on former tribal land in the city.
However, the term also refers to Brazilian-born persons who have Turkish parents or who have a Turkish ancestral background.
Tunisians in France are people of Tunisian descent living in France.
At the beginning of the 20th century, many Barbadians worked in the Amazonas region, Pará and Rondônia.
Lebanese-Americans also tend to be more Republican than other immigrant groups.
This number is very likely to have risen since then.
The Polish minority in Ukraine officially numbers about 144,130, of whom 21,094 speak Polish as their first language.
They are isolated from the bulk of the Erzyans, and their dialect/language has been influenced by the Mokshan dialects.
Galician and Castilian are the official languages of the Autonomous Community of Galicia.
The Mishar Tatar dialect is one of the two Volga Tatar dialects.
The Madia Gonds are strongly affected by Naxal activities.
The first four communities correspond to the modern-day districts of Madou, Jiali, Shanhua, and Xinshi, respectively.
Bulgarians in Uruguay are an Uruguayan citizens who are fully or partially of Bulgarian descent.
The term Babine is of French origin, meaning "lippy", because when first encountered by fur traders Babine women wore labrets.
They are known for their artwork, weaving, wood and metal crafts and epic literature, the Darangen.
The Dutch were among the first Europeans settling in Brazil during the 17th century.
Bermudian Americans are Americans of full or partial Bermudian ancestry.
They have close ties to the Lun Bawang.
The village of Andi was an important location during the campaign of the Battle of Dargo and at other times during the Murid War.
The khuddam of khawaja Sahib known as “Syedzaddgan” trace their descent from Khawaja Syed Fakhruddin Gurdezi through his sons.
They speak Bit, a Mon–Khmer language, although most also speak Lao.
International media and human rights organizations have often described Rohingyas as one of the most persecuted minorities in the world.
Most Chơ Ro live in the Đồng Nai, Bình Dương, Bình Phước, Bình Thuận, Lâm Đồng, and Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu provinces.
The community is centered in Cazale, a small village about 45 miles from Port-au-Prince.
A substantial number of them permanently settled in the Kitale and Kapsabet areas of the Rift Valley province.
John D Mackay, headmaster and Orkney patriot
The original immigrants from Tamil were craftsmen and tradesmen, and arrived when Mauritians was ruled by France.
Many moved from southern China and Laos to the U.S., France and Australia in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s to escape the communist governments there.
Smaller Somali communities exist in Birmingham, Bristol, Manchester, Liverpool, Leicester, Sheffield and Cardiff.
Both the Unangax̂ and the islands are divided between the US state of Alaska and the Russian administrative division of Kamchatka Krai.
The earliest European immigrants were Spanish colonisers who arrived in the 16th century.
Unlike similar terms, such as African American, or Italian American, individuals seldom self-designate as British American; it is primarily a demographic or historical research category.
The Samish are a Northern Straits branch of Central Coast Salish peoples.
The terms under which the Huguenots agreed to immigrate were the same offered to other VOC subjects, including free passage and requisite farm equipment on credit.
Since 2014, some Yazidis of Iraq have entered Kurdish-controlled areas of Syria to escape the persecution of Yazidis by ISIL.
Kheng also refers to the ancient small kingdoms in this area which were autonomous fiefs prior to the unification of Bhutan in the 17th century.
The Siberian Tatars call themselves Yerle Qalyq, or "older inhabitants," to distinguish themselves from more recent Volga Tatar immigrants to the region.
The Wayampi number approximated 1,615 individuals scattered in eleven villages.
It is estimated that over 100,000 people have Croatian ancestry.
The Wakhi people, or Khik, are an ethnic group in the Wakhan of today's Badakhshan region located in northeastern Afghanistan and southeastern Tajikistan.
Its ancestors had migrated into Michigan and Ohio in the 18th century.
The self-designations of these people in various dialects are vepslaine, bepslaane, and lüdinik and lüdilaine.
Apart from this, they also practice the use of bamboo musical instruments, which they use to express themselves in traditional songs, dances, and epics.
The Cayuga Nation of New York is a federally recognized tribe of Cayuga people, based in New York, United States.
The Maronite residents of Jish, a subset of Maronites in Israel, relate to themselves as Aramean Christian Maronite peoples.
The first black person in Nova Scotia arrived with the founding of Port Royal in 1605.
The word Seminole is a corruption of cimarrón, a Spanish term for "runaway" or "wild one".
Another name used for Roma in Serbia, often with a negative connotation, is Cigani.
The history of the Jews in Wales begins in the Middle Ages.
As a result of this, the Arab community in Mexico shows marked language shift away from only Arabic.
Malians in France consist of migrants from Mali and their descendants living and working in France.
In eastern Bihar, they are called Madhesia and Kanu Vaisya and their surnames are Sah, Madhesiya, Saw and Gupta.
The Malabar Jews, having intermarried in south India, had darker skin.
The Iowa Tribe of Kansas and Nebraska is one of two federally recognized tribes of Iowa people.
After warfare in the Southeast in the 18th century, most of the remaining Saponi tribe members went north in 1740 for protection with the Iroquois.
The term Baruwal was derived from Baduwal.
Iranian Arabs are the Arab peoples of Iran.
The Ngwuta's family, originally in Amana explains dreams and mysteries.
They have created a living history museum devoted to their purported tribal history.
The relationship between the rival groups has been the subject of many studies.
However, acculturation, intermarriage and assimilation have resulted in some degree of mixing of the Han and Taiwanese Aborigine blood lines.
A variant spelling is Palouse, which was the source of the name for the fertile prairie of Washington and Idaho.
It is part of the broader Kayastha community.
The Banyumasan people is a collective term for a Javanese sub-ethnic native to the Indonesia's westernmost part of Central Java.
The Panchagrama Brahmins are a Brahmin community that follow the Smartha Sampradaya.
The Romani, ethnically and genealogically different from other Europeans, began settling in America in the mid-19th century.
The Jews in Belarus were the third largest ethnic group in the country in the first half of the 20th century.
In the 21st century, the majority of Seneca people live in western New York.
Around 1.3 million still remain in Pakistan, while 2.5 million are in Iran.
French Uruguayans are Uruguayan citizens of full or partial French ancestry.
In 2012, the stock of Peruvian-born immigrants was the third largest amongst all Latin American immigrants to France.
Apart from citizens and expatriates, there are hundreds of communities in India who trace their ancestries back to Pashtun forefathers.
Denomination "Anatri", i. e. lower, living downstream of Volga River, is opposed to Virjal or Viryal, i. e. Upper Chuvash, living upstream of Volga River.
The southern Tepehuán community included an isolated settlement in the middle of Huichol territory in the Bolaños River canyon, were historically referred to as Tepecanos.
It is derived from the root 'ker'; which has two root meanings; fear and respect.
Later in 1963 they moved to Grayling on the Yukon River.
They are often distinguished ethnically and linguistically from Austronesians, speakers of a language family introduced into New Guinea about three thousand years ago.
The population of Mangka'ak was estimated at 20,583 in the year 2000.
Dutch Canadians are any Canadian citizens of Dutch ancestry.
Basque Argentines are Argentine citizens of Basque descent or people from Basque residing in Argentina.
The Ta'ang State Liberation Army, the armed wing of the Palaung ethnic group, began fighting against the Burmese military in 1963.
They share a common ancestry with the Baruuli.
There are 10 million Americans of Polish descent in the U.S. today, making it the largest diaspora of Poles in the world.
They hunt for bushmeat, which they sell fresh or smoked, and which is a good deal cheaper than other locally available forms of protein.
Saudi Arabia and the United States have had important political relations since the 1940s.
The tongue is largely intelligble with Mokpwe and Bakole, and linguists sometimes classify Wumboko as a dialect of Mokpwe.
It also coincides with the arrival of the Romani people in the mid 15th century, who contributed significantly to the development of modern Andalusian identity.
They are commonly referred as Moir by Goan Catholics and Hindus.
They are the most southern of the Athabaskan-speaking aboriginal peoples in British Columbia.
The Balinese are an ethnic group native to the Indonesian island of Bali.
They traditionally lived in the Lemhi River Valley and along the upper Salmon River in Idaho.
The Huastecs were conquered by the Spanish between 1519 and the 1530s.
In the 20th century, political turmoil and poor economic conditions caused more to emigrate.
The tribe's native language is Mvskoke, also called Creek.
They became settled in these areas by the early 19th century.
The Jakaltek people are a Mayan people of Guatemala.
They mostly live in the Komi Republic, Perm Krai, Murmansk Oblast, Khanty–Mansi Autonomous Okrug, and Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug in the Russian Federation.
Chhetris speak an Indo-Aryan language Nepali language as mother tongue.
There are currently about 5 to 6 million Indian origin immigrants living in Nepal.
Recent protests by the indigenous Rapa Nui on Easter Island against Chilean rule have led to violence against the Rapa Nui by the Chilean police.
Its members form a part of the Harti confederation of Darod sub-clans, and primarily inhabit the Puntland region in northeastern Somalia.
They have maintained the traditional form of government led by hereditary Seneca chiefs selected by clan mothers.
In Angola, they are a minority, accounting for about two percent of the total Angolan population.
They have been there for more than 10,000 years.
The Nomlaki are a Wintun people native to the area of the Sacramento Valley, extending westward to the Coast Range in Northern California.
As of 2013, the Filipino population in Japan was 182,917.
The principal area of settlement, Andia, is a vast valley bordered by the Andi ridge and its spurs.
Eighteen years later, in 1897, they were encountered a second time by the German priest Alphonse Adams.
They mainly live on the south bank of the Congo River between Kisangani and Isangi.
In the 2010 Census, 10,557 Belizeans reported their ethnicity as Mopan Maya.
The Katang are an ethnic group predominantly living in Laos.
In addition to British many were also of mixed Portuguese, Dutch, Indian, or, more rarely, French descent.
The Xinh Mun celebrate several festivals such as Muong A Ma, Ksaisatip, and Mạ Ma.
Like most of the First Nations peoples of BC they have never signed a formal treaty and are in the process of negotiating a treaty now.
Mauritians are a rapidly growing migrant group having increased steadily over the past 30 years.
According to the 2000 Census, approximately 65,000 people of Chamorro ancestry live on Guam and another 19,000 live in the Northern Marianas.
Cultural demonstrations, performances and festivities such as Sigale Gale are often held for tourists.
In Canadian English usage, the term 'Asian' alone refers to people descended from East Asia and Southeast Asia.
Large-scale immigration from Africa to Australia is only a recent phenomenon, with Europe and Asia traditionally being the largest sources of migration to Australia.
This discrepancy in data is because the Namibian government no longer collects data based on race.
Historically residing in the Eastern United States, the original Shawnees lived in areas known as Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Kentucky, Tennessee, Pennsylvania, and other neighboring states.
The Tày people speak a language of the Central Tai language group, and live in northern Vietnam.
Chinese people in Angola are a recent group of residents, having arrived in Angola in the past few decades.
Afro-Trinidadians and Tobagonians accounted for 35.4 per cent of the population of Trinidad and Tobago according to the 2011 Census.
Newars have developed a division of labour and a sophisticated urban civilization not seen elsewhere in the Himalayan foothills.
Around 78% arrived in Australia before 1990.
This region is historically called Mountainous Shoria.
They consist largely of refugees from the former South Vietnam, and their descendants.
But most of the Qašqāʾi are of Turkic origin, and almost all of them speak a Western Ghuz Turkic dialect which they call Turki.
The Koryak language and Alutor, are linguistically close to the Chukchi language.
The Khambu or Rai are indigenous ethnolinguistic groups of Nepal, the Indian State of Sikkim and Darjeeling Hills.
280 million Christian live as a minority.
ORIGIN: In the line of mythological concept, Marings are believed to have emerged from the dome type of vast cave.
This diversity was even further exploited by South African officials who referred to three distinct groups amongst the coloureds, namely: "Baster", "Cape Coloureds" and "Namibian Coloureds".
There is a small community of Japanese expatriate people living in or people who were born in South Africa with Japanese ancestry.
The Naga tribes practised headhunting and preserved the heads of enemies as trophies through the 19th century and as late as 1969.
The population was established in the 1830s when the abolition of slavery resulted in a labour shortage on the Caribbean island.
A scheduled tribe, they have a population of around 94,000 individuals.
Turks in Mexico comprise Turkish people living in Mexico and their Mexican-born descendants.
Dravidians are native speakers of any of the Dravidian languages.
An estimated 4000 tourists visit Samoa every year via Faleolo international airport.
The term has historically included Turkic émigrés and immigrants from former Russian Empire most of whom later acquired Turkish citizenship.
They are descended from Baloch tribesmen who settled in this region of North India in the late Middle Ages.
Filipinos in Greece consist of migrants from the Philippines to Greece and their descendants.
Koreans in the United Kingdom include Korean-born migrants to the United Kingdom and their British-born descendants tracing ancestries from North Korea and South Korea.
The Kamilaroi is one of the four largest indigenous nations in Australia.
Samut Sakhon Province is home to Thailand's largest Burmese migrant community, representing about 200,000 Burmese migrants.
The government is said to have provided modern dwellings for those who have left behind the traditional way of life.
They boarded the Yasukunimaru, a ship operated by NYK Line, in Hamburg.
Southern identity is rooted in early forms of American white nationalism and nativism.
British Turks or Turks in the United Kingdom are Turkish people who have immigrated to the United Kingdom.
After a long wandering, they settled at Di-laobra Sangibra, the confluence of the Brahmaputra and Sangi or Di-tsang.
Eighty percent live within ten miles of their historic village of Patawomeck.
Dominican Americans are Americans who have full or partial origin from the Dominican Republic.
They are also known as Chaurasia, and are a sub-group within the larger Ahir community of South Asia.
As one of the five original members of the Iroquois League, the Mohawk were known as the Keepers of the Eastern Door.
Both countries are full members of the Council of Europe and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe.
Lebanese Canadians are Canadian nationals of Lebanese origin.
The Toubou number approximately 725,000 and are Muslims.
The 2014 American Community Survey estimated that 461,076 Americans held full or partial Armenian ancestry.
In 1883, the German trader Adolf Lüderitz bought what would become the southern coast of Namibia and founded the city of Lüderitz.
Fula people of Sierra Leone is the third major ethnic group in Sierra Leone and a branch of the Fula people of West Africa.
Limbu clans and tribes are divided into two gotras indicating their origin: Lhasa and Yunnan.
In pre-colonial Kipsigis society, there was a warrior element.
Up to 450 Pakistanis work in Brunei, of these there are around 70 Pakistani medical doctors working in various healthcare departments of Brunei.
A reservation of 95,000 acres is attached to the pueblo, and about 4,500 people live in this area.
Lebanese Argentines refers to Argentine citizens of Lebanese descent or Lebanon-born people who reside in Argentina.
Laotian Americans are Americans who were originally from Laos, a person of Laotian descent residing in America.
According to Duala oral history, the Duala, Bakole, and Limba come from a single ancestor named Ewale.
They use commercial fishing and subsistence activities to supplement income and provide essential food sources.
It was informed by a fraternal polygyny where possible.
On each island, the people have specific names, but together they are the Nicobarese.
The largest groups of present-day descendants of the Baltic Germans are found in Germany and Canada.
Palestinians are overwhelmingly concentrated in northern and central Jordan, specifically in the Amman Governorate, Zarqa Governorate and Irbid Governorate.
Anatri — a part of Chuvash people.
In 2004 an association was established in Ecuador where Croats and their descendants often congregate.
Seervi or Sirvi is the name of a caste that belongs to Kshatriya of Hindu Religion.
She was born circa 1620, to Pierre Desportes and Françoise Langlois.
Wild foods were also gathered, and hunting was important.
The Syrian republic has a population of nearly 17 million as of 2014, in addition to 4 million Syrian refugees.
Today, most Jews in Mexico are descendants of this immigration and still divided by diasporic origin, principally Yiddish-speaking Ashkenazim and Ladino-speaking Sephardim.
Latin American countries are multi-ethnic, home to people of different ethnic and national backgrounds.
According to Robin Cohen, "about 5 million French nationals are of Italian origin if their parentage is retraced over three generations".
Sindhi Rajputs are Sindhi people belonging to the Rajput community and living in Sindh, Pakistan.
Arab Indonesians, or Hadharem, informally known as Jama'ah, are citizens of Indonesia of Arab, mainly Hadhrami, descent.
They also cultivate sago, and go hunting and fishing.
Blackfeet and Cheyenne are the other Algonquian-speakers on the Plains, but their languages are quite different from Arapaho.
As of 2004, the seat was occupied by Yonathan Betkolia, who was elected in 2000 and reelected in the 2004 legislative election.
Today the Oneida Indian Nation owns tribal land in Verona, Oneida, and Canastota, New York, on which it operates a number of businesses.
In the early 1930s, the Orochi National District was created, but was cancelled shortly thereafter "due to lack of native population".
The Khagi are a Hindu caste found mainly in the Rohilkhand region of Uttar Pradesh in India.
Jefferson Davis, President of The Confederate States of America was also of English descent.
Burmese Chinese also play a leading role in Burma's business sector and dominate the Burmese economy today.
As an honorific title, it denotes males accepted as the direct descendants of the Muhammad.
Azerbaijan and Uzbekistan used to be part of the Russian Empire and later the Soviet Union.
Most of them reside in the state of Goa.
This relative isolation has resulted in the preservation of many customs in the community which have been lost elsewhere.
In Russia Karelians mostly settle in the Republic of Karelia and in other north-western parts of the Russian Federation.
The Kallar are one of the three related castes of southern India which constitute the Mukkulathor confederacy.
Conventional sub-groupings include the Foothill Yokuts, Northern Valley Yokuts, and Southern Valley Yokuts.
There are five other federally recognized tribes of Luiseño people in southern California.
Most Italian immigration to Wales took place in the 19th and early 20th centuries, with the largest number of migrants settling in Glamorgan and Newport.
They maintained vestiges of African culture and language.
The number of immigrants entering the country vary from 40,000 to 50,000 in 1945.
A sizeable part of the Moroccan diaspora is composed of Moroccan Jews.
It is thought that their ancestors may have originally immigrated from Asia and Indonesia to Micronesia around 2,000 years ago.
At the same time, there are also identifiable populations of descendants of early migrants, who may be referred to as Nikkei Indonesians or Indonesian Nikkei.
At present they live throughout Tanzania and Mozambique and have a small presence in Kenya.
Contemporary Wolofs are predominantly Sufi Muslims belonging to Mouride and Tijaniyyah Islamic brotherhoods.
A couple hundred Filipinos also work as maids and domestic workers.
Their numbers began to grow rapidly in the early 2000s.
Japanese people in the Netherlands include expatriates from Japan and their descendants, as well as Dutch citizens of Japanese ancestry.
The Acehnese are an ethnic group from Aceh, Indonesia in the northernmost tip of the island of Sumatra.
The Mulimba are an ethnic group of the Republic of Cameroon.
The population of Brittany, as of a January 2007 estimate, was 4,365,500.
Spanish immigration to France began from ancient times up to the present time and the French Republic is the second largest Spanish community outside Spain.
Most of these immigrants were Christians and others were Muslims.
Ruthenians and Ruthenes are archaic English-language exonyms for a Slavic population known in medieval times as the Rus' in various parts of Eastern Europe.
The total population was 705 as of a 1999 estimate, while Liang cites a total population of 777.
By 1740, they had largely left Virginia and migrated north to seek protection from their former Iroquois opponents.
Others left during the economic depression caused by a depreciated United States currency and stagnated fur trade.
The Tengushev Mordvins live in southern Mordovia and are a transitional group between Moksha and Erzya.
Once one of largest tribes of the Oirats.
The Chinese are one of the "six peoples" celebrated in Guyana's national anthem.
They are of Hungarian ancestry, probably dating back to the late 16th century.
A small but recognizable people with Arab origins have over time settled in the India.
The Mattaponi were one of six tribes inherited by Chief Powhatan in the late 16th century.
According to the 2011 Census there were 31,245 Canadians who claimed Palestinian ancestry.
Responding to political, social and economic pressure, many Croats have migrated throughout Europe and the Americas, establishing a diaspora.
Later French sources note a powerful chief in the area named Onatheaqua, who may have been a successor to Aguacaleycuen.
The town of Visaginas was built for workers at the Ignalina nuclear power plant and therefore has an ethnic Russian majority.
Approximately 500,000 ethnic Koreans reside in the former Soviet Union, primarily in the now-independent states of Central Asia.
According to the 2001 census, there were 17,462 ethnic Vietnamese in the Czech Republic.
The Croatan Indians of North Carolina who exist today live in Cumberland, Sampson, and Harnett counties predominantly.
The Nyamwezi have close cultural ties with the Sukuma people.
In some cases where many relatives would attend, a child could be given over forty names, for example.
Moreover, about 50,000 Bolivians reside in the provinces of Neuquén and Río Negro in the Patagonia Region.
It also, after 1937, included Anglo-Indian residents in Burma.
Several large Sufi orders are active in the country, including the Naqshbandi tariqa, and Qadiriyya.
Ahluwalia is a Sikh clan from India.
Congolese people in France consist of migrants from Democratic Republic of the Congo and Republic of the Congo and their descendants living and working in France.
In those early days of Migration, the labourers referred Mauritius as 'Marich'.
The Indian community of Spain form one of the smaller populations of the Indian diaspora.
Their language belongs to the Malayo-Polynesian branch of the Austronesian language family.
Louisiana Creoles share cultural ties, such as the traditional use of the French language and a predominance of practice of Catholicism.
The population of Iraqis in Saudi Arabia includes Saudi Arabian citizens of Iraqi ancestry as well as Iraqi citizen expatriates living in Saudi Arabia.
The modern wave of migration from China only dates back to the early 1990s.
The Macedonians in Montenegro form a small minority in the country.
The Albanian minority lives mostly in the north-western part of the country.
While traditionally classified with the Khoisan languages, primarily because it has clicks, the Hadza language appears to be an isolate, unrelated to any other.
Caribbean Australians are people of Caribbean ancestry who are citizens of Australia.
Ethnic Albanians speak the Albanian language and more than half of ethnic Albanians live in Albania and Kosovo.
They were part of the Kulin alliance of tribes.
The Northern Ndebele were historically referred to as the Matabele which was a European corruption of 'Ndebele'.
Most seem to be settled in the eastern Batticaloa district.
Mgbo is a northeastern Igbo subgroup, in southeastern Nigeria.
The arrival of Europeans to New Zealand starting from the 17th century brought enormous changes to the Māori way of life.
Koreans in Africa form a very small population, estimated at only 9,200 people in 2005, with almost half of these living in South Africa.
Originally, Fante refers to tiny states within 50 miles radius of Mankessim.
After several decades of resistance the Northern Utina became part of the Spanish mission system in Florida in 1597.
There are very few Greeks in Norway who are married to other Greeks.
They are also known as Kalenra in Maharashtra, Mehra in Punjab and in Uttar Pradesh.
Although passed by the House, it did not gain Senate approval.
Italian people are generally known for their localism and their attention to clothing and family values.
The Dogon are best known for their religious traditions, their mask dances, wooden sculpture and their architecture.
Dimasa mythology says that they are the children of Bangla Raja and the great divine bird Arikhidima.
They were known to be cannibalistic headhunters as recently as the 1950s.
Some tribes in this territory are Gunung william Balluk, Kurung Jang Balluk, Marin Balluk and others Traditional owner tribes across the Woi Wurrung Nation.
The Jewish population in Argentina is the largest in Latin America, the third on the continent and the world's seventh largest outside Israel.
The Shors as a people formed as a result of a long process of interbreeding between the Turkic, Ugric, Samoyedic and Ket-speaking tribes.
The Chinese in Algeria are a group of Chinese nationals numbering an estimated 40,000 people residing in Algeria.
Spanish Canadians, in Spanish as Canadienses-Españoles, and in French as Canadiens Espagnols.
The Kamba are also called Akamba or Wakamba.
Today, Ireland is divided between the independent Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
The Garachi, also spelled Karachi or Karaci, are a group of the Romani people living in Azerbaijan.
Bulgarians are a South Slavic ethnic group who are native to Bulgaria and its neighboring regions.
Indian Indonesians are a group of people who live in Indonesia and whose ancestors originally came from the Indian subcontinent.
In the fifteenth century, there were at least five Bainuk states including Bichangor, Jase, Foni and Buguando.
The Shona are a group of Bantu ethnic group native to Zimbabwe and neighbouring countries.
These nations are located primarily in the eastern region.
All these groups are located in Southern Maryland.
Snorri Þorfinnsson, the son of Þorfinnr Karlsefni and his wife Guðríður, is the first European known to have been born in the New World.
Argentine Australians are Australian citizens of Argentine descent or birth.
Koreans in the Arab world used to form a major part of the worldwide Korean diaspora.
Most Arab Romanians are of Lebanese or Syrian origin.
The research demonstrated that this diaspora is very much emotionally bounded to its ethnic origin, even though they are greatly assimilated.
Following the Revolution of 1952, their political impact has been relatively decreased.
Paswan is a community of Hindus in India.
Some writers and historians included them as one of the Mizo tribes/clans.
The Sotho-Tswana languages form a subgroup of Southern Bantu.
The Kyrgyz people are a Turkic ethnic group native to Central Asia, primarily Kyrgyzstan.
The men hunt using blowguns, with darts coated with curare "manyi", a poison made from different plants.
The Paipai are an aboriginal people of northern Baja California, Mexico.
The Mon were a major source of influence on the culture of Burma.
The traditional area from Fouka until Ténès.
According to the 2006 census, there are over 160,374 Filipino Australians.
The Galo are a central Eastern Himalayan tribe, who are descendants of Abo Tani and speak the Tani language Gallong.
Guanches refer to the aboriginal Berber inhabitants of the Canary Islands.
There is another common teasing name of the tribe coined from the Sunuwar language itself, e.g.
The Suquamish are a Lushootseed-speaking Native American people, located in present-day Washington in the United States.
The Antambahoaka are widely known for their Sambatra festival, a ritual group circumcision ceremony that occurs every seven years.
According to the 2010 census, there were 1,220 Kets in Russia.
Many would agree with Norman Duncan who asserted that "…there‘s no such thing as a coloured culture, coloured identity."
In addition, Northern Sotho is a geographical grouping for dialects that are neither part of the Southern nor the Western group.
History of the Jews in Switzerland reaches back at least a thousand years.
There are estimated to be anywhere between 3,000 and 10,000 Chinese people in the country.
Angolans in France consist of migrants from Angola and their descendants living and working in France.
It is the self-ascription and collective identity of the indigenous peoples of Mindanao.
Unlike other destinations, most Mexicans who immigrate to Costa Rica are mainly from Nuevo León, Tamaulipas, Chihuahua, Baja California and Mexico City.
The participation of Nawar women in such activities is lucrative, yet at the same time it reinforces the group's low status.
Nepalis in the Netherlands consists of immigrants, expatriates and international students from Nepal to the Netherlands as well as Dutch people of Nepalese origin.
Ak-Chin Southern Dunes Golf Club has been named among the "Best Top Casino Courses, Resort Courses and Courses You Can Play” by Golfweek.
It may also be used, with an upper or lower case initial, as an adjective relating to Quebec, or to the French culture of Quebec.
The Gaddang people are a linguistically identified ethnic group of related families sharing lengthy residence in the watershed of the Cagayan River in Northern Luzon, Philippines.
In 2015, the U.S. State Department estimated that there were more than 220,000 U.S. citizens living in the Philippines.
The Muslim Halwai are a Muslim community found in Pakistan, and in Uttar Pradesh state, India.
Amuzu is the ancestral home of Ezza people.
At the time of European contact in the 16th and 17th centuries, the historic Calusa were the people of the Caloosahatchee culture.
In 2011 the casino and resort was the major contributor to the economy of Pinal County.
Physically there are differences between the aguarunas and the other inhabitants of the Peruvian rainforest.
Saint Thomas Christians represent a multi ethnic group.
Melanau or A-Likou are an ethnic group indigenous to Sarawak, Malaysia.
However, the latter group does not consider itself to be part of a Yugoslav nation, which is the way the first group identifies itself.
In total, 35,856 Puerto Ricans considered themselves Native American.
Also among historical names of the people of Ukraine, Rusyns, Cossacks, etc.
Leona Williams currently serves as Tribal Chairperson.
The name Dogrib is an English adaptation of their own name, Tłı̨chǫ Done - “Dog-Flank People”, referring to their fabled descent from a supernatural dog-man.
The Rukai people honor the clouded leopard and the hundred pacer, which they believe to be the spirit of their ancestor.
The Marings believed that there is life after death.
Four bands form the Ktunaxa Nation and the kindred Shuswap Indian Band in British Columbia.
Telugu Christians or Telugu Kraistava are an ethno-religious community who form the second-largest religious minority in the Indian states of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana.
According to the NRN-NCC in Poland, there are about 100 Nepalis living in the country.
Korat Thai people call themselves Tai Berng, Tai Derng, or Tai Korat.
80% of the emigrants went to Spain or Italy, whose national languages are related to Romanian.
The traditional area of the indigenous Sami people is in Northern Fenno-Scandinavia and the Kola Peninsula in Northwest Russia and is known as Sápmi.
They are differentiated from another part of the community, known in this context as the Northists.
It can also be used to refer to American-born citizens who either have parents who immigrated from Canada or have significant Canadian ancestry and/or identity.
They are mixed with other Burgher people, including Dutch Burghers.
According to the 2010 census, their population numbers 621,500.
During the Kurdish-Turkish conflict, food embargoes were placed on Kurdish villages and towns.
Gitxsan are an indigenous people of Canada whose home territory comprises most of the area known as the Skeena Country in English.
In 1960, the South African government forced the Damara into the bantustan of Damaraland, an area of poor soil and irregular rainfall.
The Nuristanis are distinguished from the Kalash and Kho people of Chitral by their adoption of Islam, territory within Afghanistan, and consolidation with other Afghans.
Chinese food enjoys large popularity and is widespread in Bangladesh, with there even being Bangladeshi-style Chinese cuisine.
A number of Cossack communities have been reconstituted to further the Cossack cultural traditions, including those of the Don Cossack Host.
Komi-Permyaks live in Perm Krai and Kirov Oblast of Russia.
Yakama people today are enrolled in the federally recognized tribe, the Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Nation.
Greeks are the seventh largest ethnic group in Australia, after those who declared their ancestry simply as "Australian".
The Muong people inhabit the mountainous region of northern Vietnam, concentrated in Hòa Bình Province and the mountainous districts of Thanh Hóa Province.
Media reports in 2017 gave numbers higher than 130,000 .
The first Portuguese Jews to arrive in India were sailors.
Their elite formed the Baltic nobility, acquiring large rural estates and comprising the social, commercial, political and cultural elite of Latvia and Estonia for several centuries.
The Māori are the indigenous Polynesian people of New Zealand.
Scandinavian Mexicans are citizens of Mexico of full or partial Scandinavian ancestry.
Their population is estimated at around five million.
The pan-Africanist Kwame Nkrumah was an Nzema.
To escape Russians slaughtering them in 1916, Kazakhs escaped to China.
The Bissa are known for their cultivation of peanuts.
South African Argentines are Argentine citizens of South African descent or South African-born people residing in Argentina.
A significant number are of pure or mixed Chinese and/or Japanese heritage.
Yuroks did not hunt whales, instead, they waited until a dead whale washed up onto the beach or place near the water and dried the flesh.
Israeli Americans are Americans who have Israeli citizenship either by descent, naturalization, or birth in Israel.
The first Korean migrant workers settled in Yucatán, while more recent expatriates from South Korea often choose Mexico City as their destination.
From that period, the US appointed chiefs of the Choctaw and other tribes in the former Indian Territory.
Their language, Marathi, is part of the group of Indo-Aryan languages.
As the hereditary head chief of Taíno nation, the cacique received significant tribute.
This constituted approximately 3% of the population.
Prominent Armenian jute merchants had their own companies, like Messrs Sarkies & Sons, Messrs David & Co., etc.
They are found mainly in the Kutch District of Gujarat.
Their animal totem is the bull, whose body represents the Niger and whose horns represent the Bozo fishing pirogues.
Azerbaijanis in Turkey or Turkish Azerbaijanis are Azerbaijani people in Turkey, and are Turkish citizens and permanent residents of ethnic Azerbaijani background.
The actions of the Soviet government by 1927 led to a growing antisemitism in the area.
The Okanagan are closely related to the Spokan, Sinixt, Nez Perce, Pend Oreille, Secwepemc and Nlaka'pamux peoples of the same Northwest Plateau region.
Likewise, Brazil maintains its status as home to the largest Japanese community outside Japan.
It is believed that the total number of Greeks from Albania is more than 550,000 including ancestry within Albania and Greece.
The NunatuKavummiut are an Aboriginal people of Canada.
They have a tradition of agriculture as well as fishing, hunting and gathering.
The outside communities of Fountain Hills and Rio Verde lie adjacent to the reservation.
The majority of Irish immigrants to Mexico were Catholic.
The name "Xhosa" comes from that of a legendary leader and King called uXhosa.
They re-organized and adopted their current form of government in 1953 and were recognized in 1965 by the state of North Carolina.
Under the kings William I of Bimbia and Young King William, the Isubu formed a state called Bimbia.
According to the 2010 Census there were 2,765 Ulchs in Russia.
The historian Maynard Geiger also places Asunción in the Apalachee province, but he places la Encarnación, San Nicolás and San Carlos in the Apalachicola province.
Their territory extended from Big Bend to Goose Lake.
The population of approximately 6,000 speak a language related closely to Malay but influenced by Thai.
Indigenous peoples of Colombia, or Native Colombians, are the ethnic groups who have been in Colombia prior to the Europeans in the early 16th century.
The Colorado River Indian Reservation includes parts of California and Arizona and is shared by members of the Chemehuevi, Hopi, and Navajo peoples.
From this homeland, these more numerous cousins of the League of the Iroquois first encountered the French explorer Samuel de Champlain in 1615;
After the United States achieved independence, its settlers increased pressure on Seminole lands, leading to the Seminole Wars.
Part of the reservation boundary runs along the ridgeline separating Pryor Creek and the Yellowstone River.
It has a land area of 129.4 acres.
The group also includes those of Arab descent from other Middle Eastern Arabic speaking nations.
The Akie, like other hunter-gatherer peoples in Kenya and Tanzania, are sometimes called by the derogatory and misleading term Dorobo or Wandorobo.
They are enrolled in the Mechoopda Indian Tribe of Chico Rancheria, a federally recognized tribe.
The term can also refer to somomeone with a Venezuelan mother and Russian father, or vice versa.
Castes using Mudaliar title speak Tamil as their native language.
The history of the Eastern Band closely follows that of the Qualla Boundary, a land trust made up of an area of their original territory.
Around 1940 8,000 German immigrants lived in Guatemala.
They call themselves náayerite, whence the name of the present day Mexican state of Nayarit.
NRN are opening business opportunities in Nepal by investing in various sectors such as banking, tourism, hotel, hydropower and many more.
They have gained prominence in politics, sports, the media, the fine arts, the culinary arts, and numerous other fields of endeavor.
In Singapore, Ceylonese / Sri Lankans are referred to as Others usually.
The resettlement of Azerbaijanis into the territory of Ukraine is marked by certain historical events, dominated by migration processes that were primarily economic in nature.
Timorese in Malaysia consist mainly of Timorese resident from the Indonesian West Timor as well as recent migrants from East Timor.
Today they are found in Iran, both in Khorasan and around Mashhad.
Finnish Canadians are Canadian citizens of Finnish ancestry or Finns who emigrated to and reside in Canada.
This community came from Afghanistan for the business purpose of cotton farming and cotton industries and they established industries in many regions.This community belongs from pathans.
The economy was based on agriculture, salt mining, metalworking and manufacturing.
More or less all Punjabis share the same cultural background.
In the 2008 U.S. Census community survey, an estimated 1.98 million Americans had Welsh ancestry, 0.6% of the total U.S. population.
The Kondha are adept land dwellers exhibiting greater adaptability to the forest environment.
People of Algerian origin account for a large sector of the total population in France.
The Houthi rebels are reported to have Pakistani fighters in their ranks.
Mala groups are considered as Scheduled Castes by the Government of India.
Uriankhai is a Mongolian term applied to several neighboring "forest" ethnic groups such as the Altai Uriankhai, Tuvans and Yakuts.
An estimated 64,600 Syrians emigrated to the United States between 1961 and 2000.
The Sammamish people were a Coast Salish Native American tribe in the Sammamish River Valley in central King County, Washington.
The Gayo people are an ethnic group living in the highlands of Aceh Province, Sumatra, Indonesia.
Costa Rica is the seventh destination for Mexican immigrants in the world, and first in Hispanic America.
A number of Bihari Shaikh families are also found in the city of Karachi in Sindh province of Pakistan.
They have customs such as uốt bưng, tavattơpit, and chingkrackang.
Today, the Balanta are mostly found in the southern and central regions of Guinea-Bissau.
The Spanish called these people Chichimeco, and Virginia colonists may have called the same people Richahecrian.
Though residing on a reservation with 14 other indigenous groups, the Kayabi still remained very much heterogeneous.
Turks in Lebanon, also known as Lebanese Turks, are people of Turkish ancestry that are living in Lebanon.
They immigrated to the territory of the present day Sudan from South Asia, particularly from India, in Byzantine times.
Laotian Canadians are Canadian citizens of Laotian origin or descent.
In the 2011 census, the largest religious groups among the Romani were Catholics, Muslims and Eastern Orthodoxy.
Japanese settlement in the Marshall Islands was spurred on by Japanese trade in the Pacific region.
The tribe's name is also spelled Khampti by the Assamese.
The Yukaghir, or Yukagir, деткиль) are a people in East Siberia, living in the basin of the Kolyma River.
Afro-Portuguese, Black Portuguese or African-Portuguese are Portuguese citizens or residents of Portugal with total or partial ancestry from any of the Black ethnic groups of Africa.
Much of this tribal history is claimed to be based on oral tradition, and is therefore undocumented.
In 1867 they sold their land to purchase territory in what became Oklahoma, then primarily settled by Native Americans.
Mochi are a community, found in North India, Pakistan and Bangladesh.
Bush meat is transported in a net, called kenken, from the forest to the house and markets.
The great majority of Shia Muslims in Lebanon are Twelvers, with an Alawite minority numbering in the tens of thousands in north Lebanon.
The community is concentrated in Churachandpur and Chandel districts of Manipur in North-East India.
The Wayuu language is part of the Maipuran language family.
They traditionally lived about 50 miles inland and 50 miles north of the modern day U.S.-Mexico border in the Peninsular Range of Southern California.
Mongolians in South Korea form the world's largest population of Mongolian citizens abroad.
Dubai is home to the largest population of Filipinos in the UAE, followed by Abu Dhabi and Al Ain.
Other sources claim the number to be between 80 000 and 260 000 Roma in Macedonia or approximately 4 to 12% of the total population.
Today, the majority of Indians in Vietnam practice a religious syncretism of Hinduism with Mahayana Buddhism.
The restrictions remained in force until the independence of Zimbabwe in 1980.
More than 100 Pakistani students study in the National University of Singapore alone.
The Chepang are an indigenous Tibeto-Burman people group numbering around fifty-two thousand mainly inhabiting the rugged ridges of the Mahabharat mountain range of central Nepal.
The Roman Republic conquered Iberia during the 2nd and 1st centuries BC.
Arab Venezuelans refers to Venezuelan citizens of Arab origin or descent.
One in three of all North Dakotans is of Norwegian heritage, which is the highest among all U.S. states.
Hindu Gurjars were assimilated into various varnas in the medieval period.
Historically, Lithuania had few non-European residents, with only a small minority of Asians known to inhabit the territory prior to independence.
Danish Canadians are Canadian citizens of Danish ancestry.
Members of the three Kurdish tribes of Bajalan, Zangana and Dawoody have been integrated into the Shabak society but still speak Kurmanji Kurdish.
Hyderabad is the largest centre of Sindhi Hindus in Pakistan with 100,000–150,000 people.
Monsang tribe is one among the indigenous tribes of the North-East India, inhabiting the south-east part of Manipur state border to Myanmar particularly in Chandel district.
Early migrants came in the 19th century; there was another wave of migration in the 1980s and 1990s.
The Frisians are a Germanic ethnic group indigenous to the coastal parts of the Netherlands and northwestern Germany.
This includes, but is not limited to, members of the constituent ethnic groups of Bosnia and Herzegovina: Bosniaks, Serbs and Croats.
Many have, at some point in their lives, migrated to Metro Manila out of economic necessity brought about by centralization around it.
Igbo Americans introduced the Igbo word okra into the English language.
In the 1860s, the United States government sent most Lenape remaining in the eastern United States to the Indian Territory under the Indian removal policy.
They are Kyrgyz citizens and permanent residents of ethnic Azerbaijani background.
The Danu people are a government-recognized  ethnic group in Burma, predominantly populating the areas near Pindaya Caves, in Shan State.
The Piegan dominated much of the northern plains during the nineteenth century.
Its collection of Yiddish periodicals is, however, not as comprehensive.
Lamaholot's famous traditional dance is a war dance known as Hedung.
Their number reached 64,000 in 1950 and a possible current estimate of the Ordos people might be less than 100,000.
The Kono are primarily diamond miners and farmers.
His large-scale attacks in 1622 and 1644 met strong reprisals by the English, resulting in the near elimination of the tribe.
Asian Puerto Ricans are Puerto Ricans who trace their ancestry to the continent of Asia, mostly from China, India, Palestinian Territories, Jordan and Syria
The size of the disk would be gradually increased as time went on, permanently changing the size of the lip.
The Rayeen community of Uttar Pradesh also claim common ancestry with this community.
The Tamilpadam Nairs numbered 273 during the 1901 census and constituted for almost 0.05% of the total Nair population in Travancore.
In the Pawnee language, the Pawnee people refer to themselves as Chaticks si Chaticks or "Men of Men."
According to official data of the Eurostat for 2012, the number of Italian citizens residing in France was 174,000.
The Kaikalas form a very important part of the Thathayagunta Gangamma Jatara, the annual folk festival held at Tirupati.
It is not uncommon for Trinidadians of both Indian and African descent to be considered Afro-Trinidadian solely based on appearance.
Common surname families include: Acharjee / Acharya, Adhyapok, Barua Chakrabarty / , Bhatta, Koch, Goswami Mishra,/ Goswami, Thakur / Borthakur, Sharma / Sarma, Bhattacharya etc.
The language spoken by the Kluet people is Alas-Kluet language, which is categorized as part of the Batak languages.
There are approximately 100 Zafimaniry villages, which support a population of approximately 25,000.
Although most of Germany's Ukrainians are German citizens, a large number of them are Ukrainian students from Russia and Ukraine in Germany on an academic scholarship.
Soliga, also spelled Sholaga and Shōlaga, is an ethnic group of India.
The population of cities such as Minsk, Pinsk, Mahiliou, Babrujsk, Viciebsk, and Homiel was more than 50% Jewish.
Another population, who became the Arbëreshë settled in southern Italy and form the oldest continuous Albanian diaspora producing influential and many prominent figures.
It belongs to the Luo branch of the Western Nilotic subfamily of Nilo-Saharan.
The Kayan residents in Mae Hong Son Province in Northern Thailand refer to themselves as Kayan and object to being called Padaung.
This compares with a population of 3 million in Wales.
Saliyar or Saliya or Chaliyan or Sali or Sale is an Indian caste.
After the Yamasee War of 1712, surviving tribal members migrated to join the Creek or Catawba.
This term specifically refers to the Chinese population with Hokkien ancestry in Cambodia and other neighbouring regions.
The Mooretown Rancheria of Maidu Indians of California is a federally recognized tribe of Concow and Maidu people in Butte County.
They form the 6th largest ethnic minority in Germany.
Because people can have claims in several different descent groups, land rights have some degree of flexibility.
They also tend to have high death and immigration rates.
Montenegrin Americans are Americans who are of Montenegrin origin.
The Thondaimandala Thuluva Vellalar are classified as a Forward caste, meaning that they obtain no redress under India's system of positive discrimination.
A popular Croatian Canadian event is the Croatian-North American Soccer Tournament.
However, they are still identifiable through their physiognomy and are known as 'Hindus'.
This relationship is traditionally reinforced through marriage between the groups and particular roles given to each in the governance of the community.
They primarily live in the Afar Region of Ethiopia and in northern Djibouti, although some also inhabit the southern point of Eritrea.
The Pawnee are a Plains Indian tribe who are headquartered in Pawnee, Oklahoma.
The Constitution of Ukraine applies the term 'Ukrainians' to all its citizens.
Their language belongs to the Paitanic branch of the Austronesian language family.
The dialect of Extremadura belongs to the southern dialects of Spanish, with strong similarities to the speech from Andalusia or Murcian.
Austrian Australians are Australian citizen of Austrian national origin or ancestry, or a permanent residents of Australia who have migrated from Austria.
Turks in Montenegro, also known as Montenegrin Turks, are ethnic Turks who form an ethnic minority in Montenegro.
Danish Greenlanders are a minority ethnic group in Greenland, accounting for around 11% of the territory's population.
Most Khang live in the Sơn La and Lai Châu provinces of northwestern Vietnam.
The Ati are a Negrito ethnic group in the Visayas, the central portion of the Philippine archipelago.
They are usually simply referred to as "Chinese" in Malaysia, Orang Cina in Malay, and Huaren or Huaqiao by Chinese themselves.
New Zealand Australians refers to Australian citizens whose origins are in New Zealand, as well as New Zealand migrants and expatriates based in Australia.
Swedish-speakers comprise 5.4% of the total Finnish population or about 4.9% without Åland.
The Mandinka are a West African ethnic group with an estimated global population of 11 million.
There they are called Dan and are classified as a subgroup of the Ngái ethnicity.
Between 2004 and 2013, 42,252 permanent residents moved to Canada from Algeria.
Haitian nationals now make the majority of persons trying to reach the commonwealth nation from the island of Hispaniola, usually with the aid of Dominican smugglers.
Panamanians of Indian descent speak their native languages Punjabi Gujarati and Sindhi, they speak Spanish when speakers of 2 different languages communicate with each other.
Subsequently, they were listed as Avars in the Russian Censuses.
They constitute a minority ethnic group of Madagascar.
Pashai communities can also be found in the Chitral district of northwestern Pakistan, including Pashat village.
The Austroasiatic Santhals are the largest aboriginal community.
In Iberia, they spoke the vernacular language of their kingdom and some of them also Arabic.
The Paraguayan population is concentrated mainly in Queens, NY, Westchester County, NY, and Somerset County, NJ.
They migrated to Kenya in five groups each settling at different places in the present Taita-Taveta District in Kenya.
They speak several languages including Balochi, Brahui, and Persian.
According to the 2016 census, 46,217 persons identified themselves as having Assyrian or Chaldean ancestry.
They speak a Para-Malay language called Duano', which is currently endangered.
Entire communities, like those of Trier, Worms, Mainz, and Cologne, were murdered.
When the Japanese first arrived in Peru, the Peruvians welcomed the hard-work ethic of the Japanese worker.
The country received the largest number of French immigrants to South America after Argentina and Brazil, with almost 25,000 persons registered between 1833 and 1843.
Many of them were unskilled immigrants and returned to Macedonia after finishing their work in France.
Arab Dutch, also referred to as Dutch Arabs, are citizens or residents of the Netherlands whose ancestry traces back to the Arab World.
Traditional Oktoberfest celebrations and the German-American Day are popular festivities.
They speak Central Siberian Yupik, a Yupik language of the Eskimo–Aleut family of languages.
The Shaikh are largely urban community, residing in the towns and cities of Sindh.
Antisemitism was officially enforced under the premierships of Ion Brătianu.
Today more than 4,000 Alutiiq people live in Alaska.
The relationship of the Giriama to other Mijikenda groups such as the Ribe, Rabai, Digo and Duruma are rather loose and reserved.
Sukuma means "north" and refers to "people of the north."
Iranians in Qatar accounts for some 30,000 people of the Iranian diaspora.
The Akatek are a Maya people in Guatemala.
The end of the civil war has not improved conditions in Sri Lanka, with press freedom not being restored and judiciary coming under political control.
They maintain a strong identity and are seen either as a separate ethnic group, while still being Finns, or as a distinct nationality.
Nowadays, organised community life exists only in London.
A significant number of Baloch tribes have over time settled in the Punjab.
Croats of Hungary belong to several ethnic subgroups.
They are recognized as a plains tribe in the Sixth Schedule of the Indian Constitution.
In Brunei, they are also identified by law as one of the 7 natives of Brunei, through the term Murut.
Bengali Hindus are ethnic Bengali adherents of Hinduism, and are native to the Bengal region of the Indian Subcontinent.
Indonesians in Japan form Japan's largest immigrant group from a Muslim-majority country.
There have been many famous Hoklo people throughout history, notably Lee Kuan Yew, Koxinga and Su Song.
The list is categorized alphabetically by their former religious affiliation.
The name, identical to Vlachs, is probably not directly associated with that group but was coined by adjacent groups as a nickname.
Ateker in its true sense is a union of free people with mutual recognition and respect for each other.
Finns started coming to Canada in the early 1880s, and in much larger numbers in the early 20th century and well into the mid-20th century.
They have their own language, Tindi, and primarily follow Sunni Islam, which reached the Tindi people around the 8th or 9th century.
The Office for National Statistics estimates that 144,000 Lithuanian-born immigrants were resident in the UK in 2013.
Pallava traders and religious leaders travelled to Southeast Asia and played an important role in the cultural Indianisation of the region.
Immigrants from Africa officially residing in Italy in 2015 numbered about 1,000,000 residents.
The Cholanaikkans are an ethnic group of India.
Leaving the eldest in the ancestral home, he traversed the Panjab with the other two, and settled one of them in the mountains near Kashmir.
Their presence was a large part in forming Jamaican culture as their cultural influence remains in language, dance, music, folklore, cuisine, religion and mannerisms.
The Xinka themselves spell their name with a 'k' rather than with a 'c'.
The term Afro-Latin American refers specifically to people of African ancestry and not to European ancestry, such as Sub-Alpine European white.
The Georgian community in Canada is a total of 3,155 based on the Canadian Census 2011, having an increase compared to the 2006 Census.
The Crow were generally friendly with the whites and managed to retain a large reservation of more than 9300 km2 despite territorial losses.
Bengali Christians also known as Firingis, are adherents of Christianity among the Bengali people.
Most arrived as members of the Eastern Orthodox church and the Maronite church, but became Roman Catholic.
Yemenis in Pakistan are residents of Pakistan who are of Yemeni descent.
The intermarriage rates for Hungarian Jews is around 60%.
The Gayo tribe has a population of 336,856 and they live predominantly in the mountains.
Egyptian Canadians are Canadian citizens of Egyptian descent, first-generation Egyptian immigrants, or descendants of Egyptians who emigrated to Canada.
Egyptian diaspora consists of citizens of Egypt abroad sharing a common culture and Egyptian Arabic language.
Chilean immigration to Argentina dates back to colonial times.
The church was completed in 1781 and consecrated by Bishop Ephreim.
The Esan are traditionally agriculturalists, trado-medical practitionals, mercenary warriors and hunters.
The Ofayé are an indigenous people of Central Brazil.
For example, garfu is Kristang for "fork" and almari is Kristang for "cupboard"; the Malay language incorporated these Kristang words whole.
Due to the political borders at earlier times, some of these Afghan immigrants may have been ethnic Pashtuns from British India or Afghanistan.
The question of how many Islanders were "blackbirded" is unknown and remains controversial.
The Chinese minority is a small proportion of the East Timorese population, and most are Hakka.
In local schools the lessons are taught only in Russian and Volga Tatar languages.
Acadian family names have come from many areas in France.
In the 2006 Census, 19,520 people identified themselves as Nigerians.
Ghanaian Australians are Australian citizens and residents of Ghanaian origin and descent.
The Duckwater Shoshone Tribe is to receive approximately 31,269 acres of Bureau of Land Management land.
James Copland, physician and prolific medical writer
The Arhuaco are an indigenous people of Colombia.
Christians comprise much of the Egyptian diaspora, both in Australia and elsewhere.
The word Dâw is a self-designation, meaning people.
Similarly, the Islamization of the Ghegs was incomplete, with a large area of northwestern Albania remaining Catholic.
According to the 1930 census, Czechoslovakia had a Jewish population of 356,830.
They are one of the diasporas from Black Africa in France.
Since 1990 especially, some of the Saramaka have migrated to French Guiana due to extended civil war in Suriname.
Ethnically, the Libyan population is largely a mixture of Arab and Berber ethnicities.
Thai Canadians are Canadian citizens of Thai ancestry.
The bulk of the Chinese live in the capital Sofia, particularly in the municipality of Nadezhda and its neighbourhoods of Nadezhda, Tolstoy and Svoboda.
A French Guatemalan is a citizen of Guatemala who has French ancestry.
According to the 2010 US census, there 5,062 people whose origins hailed from Tahiti, but other origins of the French Polynesia were not mentioned.
The Jamul Indian Village of California is a federally recognized tribe of Kumeyaay Indians, who are sometimes known as Mission Indians.
Both were governed by chiefs known as caciques, who were the maximum authority in a Yucayeque.
The Lao are a Tai ethnic group originating from present-day southern China.
They are said to have acquired the name on account of the fact that they were traditionally village watchmen.
Dalits were excluded from the four-fold varna system of Hinduism and thought of themselves as forming a fifth varna, describing themselves as Panchama.
In 1980 the Indiana legislature, who recognized the eastern Miami, voted in support of federal recognition.
They chose their name, meaning "The Many Invincible Ones", after a failed invasion by King Ramitraho of the Menabe kingdom in the early 19th century.
Nigeria's political figures commonly know multiple indigenous languages outside their own indigenous language.
The Mansi language is one of the postulated Ugric languages of the Uralic family.
It is estimated that 70% of bilingual families—that is, ones with one parent Finnish-speaking and the other Swedish-speaking—register their children as Swedish-speaking.
Mexicans in Germany refers to the Mexican population in Germany and their German-born descendants.
The Aku, Krio, or Creole are a minority ethnic group of Gambia with roots among the Sierra Leone Creole people.
Arabs in France are people of Arab descent living in France.
Other names which have been used to reference the Galo in the past include Duba, Doba, Dobah Abor, Gallong Abor, Galong, Gallong Adi, etc.
This region lacks adequate road systems and is not easily accessible, leaving the Kuranko socially isolated.
80% of Filipinos in France have lived in the nation for less than seven years, and 95% have lived in France for less than 15 years.
Historical evidence confirm that the Saho occupied their present home much earlier than their claims of originating from the Arabian peninsula.
Therefore, a few years later a group of Lithuanian immigrants and their families arrived in Brazil.
By the mid-19th century, the Rusyns of Galicia and Lodomeria had codified their language.
The 2001 UK Census recorded a total of 55,213 people born in Uganda resident in the UK.
Upon absorption, the Potapoco became a sub-tribe of the Piscataway.
The Deg Hit'an are members of the federally recognized Alaska Native tribes of Anvik Village, Shageluk Native Village, and Holy Cross Village.
John Lederer clearly draws the Island Field as a circle and puts the Manskin name just above it in 1671.
They are among the earliest settlers in the Malay peninsula.
Inheritance in the Dagomba people is patrilineal.
One of the Gê peoples who spoke the Xakriabá dialect of the Akwe language, they used to live in the Tocantins River area.
The most influenced state by the German immigration was Santa Catarina, the only state where Germans were the main nationality among immigrants.
The vast majority of Lisela people are Sunni Muslims with some remnant of the traditional local beliefs that sometimes result in unique syncretic cults and rituals.
Sri Vaishnava Sampradaya or Sri Vaishnavism is a denomination within the Vaishnavism tradition of Hinduism.
According to the 2011 Census, there were 38,780 Canadians who claimed full or partial Maltese ancestry, having an increase compared to those 37,120 in 2006.
Since 1974, when an unpaved road was built from the Pan-American Highway to Jacaltenango, it has been a five-hour bus ride from Huehuetenango to Jacaltenango.
In 1992, the Fipa population was estimated to number 200,000, reduced to 195,000 in the 2002 census.
They tend to be involved in sales, marketing, technical and human resources departments.
They primarily inhabit Kerala, and the Wayanad, Kozhikode, Kannur and Malappuram districts.
An estimated 1,800,000 Nuyoricans are said to live in New York city, the largest Puerto Rican community outside Puerto Rico.
Zeitoun and Cauquelin also note that the word Puyuma can be analyzed as pu'-uma, which means "to send to the field."
They are a relatively small group, making up barely 2.91% of indigenous inhabitants located in the Peruvian Amazon.
The Chagossian people's ancestry is mostly African, particularly from Madagascar, Mozambique and other African nations including Mauritius.
Scottish Australians are ‌‍‍‍‍residents of Australia who are fully or partially of Scottish descent.
The Tabom People are an Afro-Brazilian community of former slaves returnees.
They may have been members of the Powhatan Confederacy.
The Chinese in Hawaiʻi constitute about 4.7% of the state's population, most of whom are Cantonese people with ancestors from Zhongshan in Guangdong.
The Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians is the only federally recognized Native American tribe in the state.
Their territory included eastern Khovd Province and Khovsgol Province.
They speak an archaic dialect of Burmese and are believed to have come from the Dawei area.
Many have associated with the Arain community of Punjab.They are said to get their name from Rayeen mountains, which are said to exist somewhere in Arabia.
German Americans are Americans who have full or partial German ancestry.
The majority of the Jewish population at that time consisted of small tradesmen and artisans; very few knew science, hence Jewish cultural life lagged.
Other languages are Indian languages and Portuguese.
They are the original inhabitants of the interior of Alaska.
It is therefore difficult to have an exact demographic analysis of Lebanese society.
The tribes have created a joint political structure as part of their confederation.
The Omaha are a federally recognized Midwestern Native American tribe who reside on the Omaha Reservation in northeastern Nebraska and western Iowa, United States.
Their first languages were generally those of their mothers: Cree, Saulteaux, Assiniboine, etc.
Correctly 'Dagari' is the name of the language, 'Dagaaba' or 'Dagara' that of the people, and 'Dagaw' or 'Dagawie' that of the land."
Christianity in the Middle East is characterized by the diversity of its beliefs and traditions, compared to other parts of the Old World.
They are found mainly in the northern section of the island of Sumatra in Indonesia.
From the 2nd to the mid-15th century the Chams populated Champa, a contiguous territory of independent principalities in central and southern Vietnam.
But the Germans of East Prussia held Prussian, and after 1871, German citizenship, because the territory they lived in was part of Kingdom of Prussia.
Not to be confused with the Chakma people
Sunni Sayyids claim their Arab ancestry through Imam Hassan or Imam Hussain in which case their names may be Hassani, Hussaini or Hashmi.
There are also other Bhatti communities in Awadh, such as those of Yahiapur in Pratapgarh district.
Uruguayan Australians refers to Australians of Uruguayan ancestry or birth who reside in Australia.
During the reign of Mir Jalal Khan , the Gabol joined the Rind Federation.
Mexican immigration to Cuba comprises people who emigrated from Mexico to Cuba and their descendants.
Notable Armenian settlements in Pakistan can be found in the cities of Karachi, Lahore and in the capital Islamabad.
Afghans in Germany are the largest Afghan community in Europe and part of the Afghan diaspora.
There are an estimated 56,498 people of Bahamian ancestry living in the USA as of 2015.
The Alune people are one of the more ancient ethnic groups of Seram Island, Indonesia.
The highest concentration of Scandinavian Canadians is in Western Canada, especially British Columbia, Alberta and Saskatchewan.
Some have participated in repatriation programs to the People's Republic of China, while others emigrated to Western countries to escape anti-Chinese sentiment.
This was often the case in the eastern regions of Santa Cruz, Tarija, Beni and Pando, where these merchants came either from Brazil or Argentina.
This has threatened to undermine Toda culture by greatly diminishing the buffalo herds.
The Sahtú peoples live in Colville Lake, Deline, Fort Good Hope, Norman Wells and Tulita which form the Sahtu Region of the NWT.
Helped by the Nordic Passport Union, Finnish immigration to Sweden was considerable during the 1950s and 1960s.
The Mende people are one of the two largest ethnic groups in Sierra Leone; their neighbours, the Temne people, have roughly the same population.
In addition, they are one of the largest overseas Pakistani communities, similar in number to the Pakistani diaspora in Saudi Arabia.
Additionally, some Serrano people are enrolled in the Soboba Band of Luiseno Indians.
The Zazas are a people in eastern Anatolia who natively speak the Zaza language.
Paraguayan Brazilian is a Brazilian person of full or partial Paraguayan ancestry, or a Paraguayan-born person residing in Brazil.
In the 19th and early 20th centuries, many other Albanians settled into Egypt for economical and political reasons.
These people later became known as the Malabari Jews.
Chechens in France is a small diaspora in France but one of the most important groups in the Chechen diaspora.
Chain migration followed, and by 1998 the Tibetan-American population had grown to around 5,500, according to a census conducted by Central Tibetan Administration.
SIL International estimates there are 50,000 Kheng speakers.
They are mainly concentrated in the northern parts of Laghman, Nangarhar, Kunar, Kapisa, Kabul, Baghlan, Nuristan, and also in Ghazni.
They speak the Nubian languages, which belong to the Nilo-Saharan language family.
They are a member of the South Carolina Indian Affairs Commission.
They are historically known as one of the Uriankhai, from the Mongolian designation.
They are also educated in the official languages of Kenya and Tanzania, Swahili and English.
By religion, most Kayeli are Sunni Muslims, with some remnants of pagan beliefs.
Portuguese Canadians are Canadian citizens of full or partial Portuguese heritage or people who migrated from Portugal and reside in Canada.
The Shaikh are a Muslim community found in the state of Gujarat in India.
There are an estimated 150 Maldivian students obtaining religious education and instruction in Pakistani Islamic institutions and madrassas.
Hispanic Americans are the second fastest-growing ethnic group by percentage growth in the United States after Asian Americans.
Sauria Paharia are listed as Scheduled Tribe by the Government of West Bengal, Bihar and Jharkhand.
They used to ply the route connecting the Sulu Sea, Moro Gulf to Celebes Sea, and raided the Spanish held territories along the way.
The Sunuwar is an indigenous tribe from Nepal and some areas of India.
The 2001 Nepal census recorded 154,622 Sherpas within its borders.
The majority of Kurdish Americans are recent migrants from Turkey, Iran, Iraq and Syria.
The inland Koryak, reindeer herders, are called Chaucu, meaning 'rich in reindeer.'
Scotch-Irish Canadians are those who are Ulster Scots or those who have Ulster Scots ancestry who live in or were born in Canada.
The Korean population in Brazil, the largest in Latin America, is about 50,000.
The sacred tree of Tubalars is the cedar, a symbol of the power, beauty and courage of taiga.
The early Armenian settlers built a small chapel in the midst of their community graveyard.
However upon hearing that they would attack a Christian people, they fled the Ottomans to the other side to fight alongside the Serbs.
The Oorlam migration in South Africa also produced the related Griqua people.
The Nuaulu, Naulu or Nunuhai are a tribe located in Seram, Maluku, Indonesia.
Traditionally they live in long houses on river banks.
It can also include seamen and others who work outside the Philippines, but are neither permanent nor temporary residents of another country.
The term is usually applied both to people of mixed and unmixed Chinese ancestry, although the former usually appear as mixed race in census figures.
The Tanchangya people are one of 13 indigenous ethnic communities living in the Chittagong Hill Tracts of Bangladesh.
Between 2009-2011 were registered 20,308 Tanzanians living in United States.
However, the number could be much higher if the urban indigenous populations are counted in all the Brazilian cities today.
"Ahar" and "Ahir" are variant of the Sanskrit term Abhir, which means nomad, "one who wanders about".
The Ukrainian population of the United States is thus the second largest outside the former Soviet Union; only Canada has a larger Ukrainian community.
The Polynesian people consist of various ethnic groups that speak Polynesian languages, a branch of the Oceanic languages, and inhabit Polynesia.
Additionally, there are ethnic Balochis, Lurs, Lawatis, Persians and Mehri.
The Bicolano language has more common vocabulary with the Waray-Waray language than with other Visayan languages.
In Madhya Pradesh, Koshta and Panika castes are categorised as Scheduled castes in some districts and as OBC in others.
Thousands of Armenians settled in the US following the Hamidian massacres of the mid-1890s and the Armenian Genocide of 1915 in the Ottoman Empire.
The Seneca–Cayuga Nation is one of three federally recognized tribes of Seneca people in the United States.
While the Banjar Hulu Sungai people would call the Meratus people as Urang Bukit, Dayak Bukit or Dayak Buguet.
Out of 40 Udeges living in Ukraine, only 8 declared Udege as their native language.
They are commonly believed to be the mythical Vazimba, the original inhabitants of the island, although there is no evidence to support this view.
Venezuelan Spanish is the group's spoken form of the Spanish language.
The Binbinga, also pronounced Binbinka, are an Indigenous Australian people of the Northern Territory of Australia.
Self-identification as Québécois became dominant in the 1960s; prior to this, the Francophone people of Quebec identified themselves as French Canadians.
Roman women could expect to bear on average 6 to 9 children.
Influential in Guinea, smaller communities of Susu people are also found in the neighboring Sierra Leone and Guinea-Bissau.
He was the Minister of Information for the newly established Government of Southern Sudan from 2005 to 2008.
Croats form a part of the permanent population of Italy.
The Thigala in Karnataka speak Kannada and tigalari language
Their name is variously translated as ssts'p-abc, s-tah-PAHBSH or as Samena, which was corrupted into Sammamish.
The Tanana Athabaskan culture is a hunter-gatherer culture and have a matrilineal system.
Their number is said to be around 40, but one of them was certainly Khawaja Syed Fakhruddin Ahmad Gurdezi also known as Maulana Ahmad.
Also, much of Venezuelans who emigrate, are allowed to gain Spanish citizenship because of their ancestral background.
There are 200 Pakistani students in Kyrgyz State Medical Academy alone.
Additional areas of concentration include the New York City borough of Queens, Miami-Dade County, and the cities of Los Angeles and Providence, Rhode Island.
There is a small population of Germans in Kyrgyzstan.
There are many Filipino community groups and associations.
There is a significant population of Zimbabweans in South Africa, making up South Africa's largest group of foreign migrants.
Among the languages spoken in Tanzania are all four of Africa's language families: Bantu, Cushitic, Nilotic, and Khoisan.
Chinese Americans constitute one group of overseas Chinese and also a subgroup of East Asian Americans, which is further a subgroup of Asian Americans.
The southern part of the Angkola river is called Angkola Jae, while the northern part is called Angkola Julu.
Christianity has a long history in Iran, dating back to the early years of the faith, and pre-dating Islam.
Today's Silt'e comprise the following major historical sub-groups: Azernet, Berbere, Alichcho, Wuriro, Melga and Silt'i.
There are an estimated 70,000 Uzbeks in Pakistan.
The Greek community in France numbers around 35,000 people.
The Franco-Newfoundlander community is most prominently associated with the Port au Port area near Stephenville, in communities such as Trois-Cailloux, Cap-Saint-Georges, La Grand'Terre, L'Anse-aux-Canards and Maisons-d'Hiver.
Today, Indians comprise about 1.4 million people in the UK, making them the single largest visible ethnic minority population in the country.
It was spoken by many coastal tribes of the Northwest.
Within a small amount of time, many young Kwaio sought the adventures, and were brought to sugarcane plantations in Queensland and on Fiji for their labor.
Most Shors live in the Tom basin along the Kondoma and Mras-Su Rivers.
The Borana Oromo people, also called the Boran, are a subethnic section of the Oromo people who live in southern Ethiopia and northern Kenya.
They are concentrated mostly in the Lâm Đồng Province of the country.
Three American ranch hands were killed at a ranch called Los Flores in Summit Valley, near present-day Hesperia.
The following is a list of prominent Kodavas.
There is no definitive figure of the total number of Australians with an Irish background.
Russian Australians comprise Australian citizens who have full or partial Russian heritage or people who emigrated from Russia and reside in Australia.
The Seri language is distinct from all others in the region and is considered a language isolate.
Ezaa/Ezza is an Igbo sub-group, in southeastern Nigeria.
High temperatures range from 26 to 32 °C while lows at night seldom drop below 15 °C.
The Rath رتھ) are a Muslim Rajput community, found in the state of Rajasthan in India.
In the United States, there are around 3.5 million people of Arab ancestry.
Violence was widely reported against ordinary Kurdish citizens and the headquarters and branches of the pro-Kurdish rights Peoples' Democratic Party were attacked by mobs.
Their population is estimated to be some 17,000.
In fact, several Mexican companies have settled in Chile, such as the Ideal Group Telmex, America Movil.
They may have been the first people to make this area their permanent home.
Indo-Surinamese are nationals of Suriname of Indian ancestry.
Their New Year Festival has the purpose of worshipping their Rice God.
Most were brought by the British from Tamil Nadu after 1727 to serve as labourers on the sugar cane plantations.
Due to their cooperation, the Mamluks labelled the Hawwara as being Arab.
They immigrated to the territory of the present day Libya from South Asia, particularly from India, in Byzantine times.
The French brought some to the Chagos islands as slaves from Mauritius in 1786.
The majority of Javanese Malaysians originated from Central Java, via migrants from the Dutch East Indies looking for new opportunities in British Malaya.
Though the majority of Chileans reside in Chile, significant communities have been established in multiple countries, most noticeably Argentina and the United States.
British African Caribbean people are residents of the United Kingdom who are of West Indian background and whose ancestors were primarily natives or indigenous to Africa.
The La Ha are an ethnic group of Vietnam.
The Cape Verdeans immigrants concentrated in the cities of Paris, Creil, Amiens, Marseilles, Lyon, and Nice.
There were an estimated 250,000 Herero people in Namibia in 2013.
Their offspring quickly assimilated with the local populace and generally identify themselves as Palauan.
As an officially recognized ethnic minority, Albanians have one seat reserved in the Romanian Chamber of Deputies to the League of Albanians of Romania.
Immigration from Syria to the United States suffered a long hiatus after the United States Congress passed the Immigration Act of 1924, which restricted immigration.
The Basques are an indigenous ethnic group characterised by the Basque language, a common culture and shared ancestry to the ancient Vascones and Aquitanians.
Afro-Arubans or Arubans of African descent are Arubans whose ancestry lies within the continent of Africa, most notably West Africa.
They are located chiefly on the Little Coharie River, in Sampson and Harnett counties in North Carolina.
Due to the Ottoman legacy, smaller populations of Albanians also exist in Egypt and the Levant, in particular Syria.
Many of the islanders also speak Spanish as a secondary language.
Dalmatian Italians are the historical Italian national minority living in the region of Dalmatia, now part of Croatia and Montenegro.
The Winnebago Tribe of Nebraska live on a federal reservation in Nebraska.
Numbering about 31,000, the Tampuan people live in the mountainous Southern and Western portions of the Cambodian province of Ratanakiri.
During their second northern expansion, the Mossi invasion reached eastern Maasina and Lake Débo c. 1400, Benka in c. 1433 and Walata in 1477-83.
Many Iranians in Lebanon live in Nabatieh.
However, with the financial turmoil in the EU and Bulgaria, this figure has greatly decreased.
In addition, some settled in Madras, now known as Chennai Jews, they worked with the English East India Company in Fort St. George.
Lebanese people form one of the largest community of non-citizen Arabs in Kuwait.
Melungeons were often referred to by other settlers as "Turks", "Moors" or "Portuguese".
According to the 2000 U.S. census, there were 735,128 Americans of full or partial Austrian descent, accounting for 0.3% of the population.
The Yi speak various Loloish languages, Sino-Tibetan languages closely related to Burmese.
Those living in Laos live close to other ethnic groups.
They form one of the 56 ethnic groups officially recognized by the People's Republic of China.
An estimated 5,000 Macedonians resided in Hungary in 1995.
In former times, the Tbolis also inhabited the upper Alah Valley floor.
Most residents, if not the entire Greek community, are the descendants of Greek labourers who came to the Bahamas in 1887 to develop the sponging industry.
The English were the top ethnic group, with 66% saying they were a good thing for the United States, followed by the Irish at 62%.
He became a philosopher in eighteenth-century Germany, teaching at two universities, before he returned to his homeland.
Tribal members spoke the Massachusett language, which is part of the Algonquian language family.
Their children may learn local languages such as Konkani and Hindi as well as Hebrew.
Up to a third of the Poles returned to Poland after living in the United States for a few years, but the majority stayed.
The first Serb-Greek friendship society was formed in 1934 by Pavle Karađorđević, the friendship society now has over 2,500 members in Serbia.
From just 500 individuals in 1999, they had grown to a population of 11,500 by 2007, a 2200% expansion in just eight years.
Today they number about 6000, much smaller than a few generations ago.
The level of economic exchange between Slovenia and various Russian regions is constantly growing.
They either adopted Judaism newly, or are descendants of the Jews of Bilad el-Sudan.
The country is home to approximately 1,500 Jews, who mostly live in Helsinki.
Assyrians in Russia number from 14,000 up to 70,000.
Angolan Americans are Americans of Angolan descent or Angolan immigrants.
In the 20th century the Tasmanian Aboriginal people were widely, and erroneously, thought of as being an extinct cultural and ethnic group.
Their lifestyle is very much dependent on the surroundings of the jungle.
Today, no Chagossians live on the island of Diego Garcia, as it is now the site of the military base Camp Justice.
Shia Islam in Lebanon has a history of more than a millennium.
African Australians are Australians of African ancestry.
It has a land area of 2,627 square miles and a population of 12,429 people as of the 2000 census.
Macedonians in Denmark form a small minority in the country.
After 1945, most ethnic Germans were expelled from Czechoslovakia to Germany and Austria.
They were ruled by Genghis Khan's relative Otchigin noyan in the 13th century.
In 2006, the Ak-Chin Indian Community purchased the Phoenix Regional Airport, which was later renamed Ak-Chin Regional Airport.
Migration of Chinese people in Ghana dates back to the 1940s.
Established in 1915, Roaring Creek Rancheria is 80 acres large and is located 43 miles northeast of Redding, California.
Thus there are significant differences between the culture, language, professions and societies of Sindhi Lohanas, Kutchi Lohanas, and those of Gujarati Lohanas.
Many Californios, however, were the California-born children of non-Spanish speakers who married Spanish speakers.
They form the second largest Muslim ethnolinguistic group in the world.
Their name is derived from the Itawes prefix i- meaning "people of" and tawid or "across the river".
They share a common cultural system and are native speakers of the Persian language, as well as closely related languages.
The term is also used by Boricuas to differentiate those of Puerto Rican descent from the Puerto Rico-born.
A 1985 law gave the Texas band the option of selecting Mexican or U.S. citizenship.
In the thirteenth century, Lar briefly became a center of trade and commerce in southern Persia.
In 2002 Kenneth S. "Red Deer" Clark Sr., the head chief of the association, resigned in protest because of actions by other members.
Several of the Mexicans have made Chile their home permanently, especially those who have married Chilean citizen or citizens, or who have found a career opportunity.
Trique women are more likely to remain in the Trique region and do not travel as often as Trique men do.
Though the Luseis and Pankhos are identified as separate tribes, they are culturally very close to each other.
They are also one of the oldest living tribes in North East India especially among the Chin-Kuki-Mizo family.
Roughly 60% consist of expatriate IT professionals and their families.
The Hui people are more concentrated in Northwestern China, but communities exist across the country, e.g.
Most Arab citizens of Israel are functionally bilingual, their second language being Modern Hebrew.
As of early 2017, Filipinos are estimated to be the fourth-largest group of foreign workers in Qatar, after Indians, Nepalis and Bangladeshis.
The term African in the scope of this article refers to geographical or national origins rather than racial affiliation.
Most members of another group of Rumsien language, descendants from Mission San Carlos, the Costanoan Rumsien Carmel Tribe of Pomona/Chino, now live in southern California.
The Timoto-Cuicas were not only composed of the Timoto and the Cuica tribes, but also the Mucuchíes, the Migures, the Tabayes, and the Mucuñuques.
During the late 1960s and early 1970s, they were the largest ethnic minority in Cambodia; there were an estimated 425,000.
Costa Rica has the most Mexicans living in Central America, aside from Guatemala.
The Dhanuk are an ethnic group found in Bangladesh, India and Nepal.
Their native language is Sangirese language, while Sasahara language is a secret language spoken among Sangirese sailors or pirates.
In general, the term is also applied to descendants of other German-speaking immigrants, such as Austrians or Swiss.
In the 17th and 18th centuries, English colonists named the Pee Dee River and the Pee Dee region of South Carolina for the tribe.
The cultural practices of Soninke people are similar to the Mandé peoples, and those of the Imraguen of Mauritania.
The Nair were historically involved in military conflicts in the region.
Mainly of mixed Abaza, Adyghe and Arab origin, the Abaza family is the largest extended family with more than 50,000 members in the country.
Of the three federally recognized Cherokee tribes, the Cherokee Nation and the United Keetoowah Band of Cherokee Indians have headquarters in Tahlequah, Oklahoma.
Telugu Association of Malaysia, a non profit NGO serves as representative of Malaysian Telugus and is platform for Telugus to voice their opinions.
They speak the Lakota language, the westernmost of the three Siouan language groups, occupying lands in both North and South Dakota.
1-300 AD, has been venerated since the 17th century as a place of origin of the Choctaw ancestors.
The Trumai are an indigenous people of Brazil.
The Bit live in houses built on stilts, and cultivate wet rice as well as other vegetables.
Other than the taluqdar families, the majority of the Barabanki Bhatti are small to medium-sized farmers.
Many of these Tibetan children would assimilate into the Swiss society, and would become "culturally confused".
Macedonians in Slovenia are ethnic Macedonians who reside in Slovenia.
Traditionally, Ordos territory is divided into 7 banners.
They live mainly through subsistence farming and hunting, with some river commerce.
In the latter, Vietnamese are the second-largest group of foreigners, after Chinese migrants.
However, Portuguese Burghers are not Dutch Burghers.
They worked to preserve Spanish power and sometimes acted as agents of patrol.
Sunni Vahoras or Sunni Bohras are a Sunni Muslim community from the state of Gujarat in India.
Triestine Serbs are the indigenous ethnic Serbs of Trieste, present in the city since the 18th century.
They are mentioned at the time of the death of the great Mauryan King Ashoka in 232 BCE.
Elur Chetty is a Tamil speaking Hindu community in South India.
The present Indian state of Mizoram was called the Lushai Hills and was defined as a district of Assam in the British Raj and independent India.
Since 1976 the armed group has called for a federal system rather than an independent Karen State.
Indian Gorkhas also known as Nepali Indian are Nepali language-speaking Indian peoples.
A Swiss Guatemalan is a Guatemalan of Swiss heritage, hailing from the waves of immigration that began in the 19th century.
Sri Lankan Australians refers to people of Sri Lankan heritage living in Australia; this includes Sri Lankans by birth and by ancestry.
As a result of the Arab Spring, many have the status of refugees or illegal immigrants, trying to immigrate especially to France, Germany and Sweden.
The Balinese population of 4.2 million live mostly on the island of Bali, making up 89% of the island's population.
Although they are able to speak the language of the country where they live, Gurjars have their own language, known as Gujari.
Tver Karelians are a people who inhabit regions of Tver, Saint Petersburg, and Moscow.
There were estimated to be 60,000 Americans in Hong Kong as of 2009.
It is estimated that more than 30,000 Guaranis live in Brazil.
The German government, eager to gain overseas possessions, annexed the territory soon after, naming it South West Africa.
Ceremonial buildings, however, were usually thatched with reeds and bullgrass.
Croatian Australians are Australian citizens of Croatian descent.
Nepalese Canadians or Nepali Canadians are Canadians with roots in Nepal.
Black Canadians have contributed to many areas of Canadian culture.
1917 even saw the founding of the Jewish Drama Club in Tartu.
Filipinos in Indonesia were estimated to number 4,800 individuals as of 2001, according to the statistics of the Philippine government.
The Goan Catholics are an ethno-religious community of Roman Catholics and their descendants from the state of Goa, located on the west coast of India.
The Riffians have been a significant source of Morocco emigrants into some European countries such as the Netherlands.
Not to be confused with the Sindi people.
The Turkistan Islamic Party's media army Islam Awazi released a "Visual Nasheed" titled "Return to Your Religion" in the Kazakh language.
Large numbers of the supporters of such movements were killed by Soviet authorities around 1930.
Azerbaijanis are one of the least religious nations on earth.
Syrians, also known as the Syrian people are the inhabitants of Syria, who share a common Levantine Semitic ancestry.
Central Mnong: around 88,000 people in the Đắk Lắk and Lâm Đồng provinces of the Central Highlands, mostly of the Christian religion
Spread over many parts of North-East India, they have a unique identity with a rich and distinctive history, culture, dialect and religious heritages.
There are 144,651 people who have nationality of the Republic of Indonesia reside in Taiwan as of December 2010.
Majority of Pnong people are animists, but a minority of them follows Roman Catholicism and Theravada Buddhism.
Scotch-Irish Canadians, ultimately originating from Scotland, observe many of the same customs and traditions as Scottish Canadians, who had arrived in Canada directly from Scotland.
Italian Chileans are Chileans of full or partly Italian descent.
Chinese people in Papua New Guinea form a very diverse community.
Sunni Muslim by origin, the Memon people are entrepreneurs who settled in Sri Lanka for business opportunities during the colonial period.
While maintaining their religion, they united their fate with that of the mainly Christian Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth.
The Pahari people, also called Pahadi people are the social groups of Pahari speaking Indo-Aryan people of the Himalayas living in India, Nepal and Pakistan.
They primarily inhabit the littoral region to the coast and form a portion of the Sawabantu or "coastal peoples" of Cameroon.
The Quinnipiac—rarely spelled Quinnipiack—is the English name for the Eansketambawg, a Native American nation of the Algonquian family who inhabited the Wampanoki region, including present-day Connecticut.
It should be noted that western use of the terms Lao people and Laotian has a loose meaning.
Bhils are also settled in the Tharparkar District of Sindh, Pakistan.
However, some are reported to have settled among the Qiang people in Qinghai, and to have been involved in the Liangzhou Rebellion.
They represent less than 0.2% of New Zealand's population, although the number grew substantially during the 1990s.
A distinctive custom which they shared was flattening of the forehead of individuals.
The Malaysian British community bears a similar trend to the British Chinese and Singaporean British communities in terms of population spread and culture.
The majority of Italian nationals are native speakers of Standard Italian, though some Italians are also proficient in other languages native to Italy.
The name Silt'i is derived from the alleged ancestor Gen Silt'i.
Indeed, Maasole  intimates that Bikpakpaam have always been on the move, in search for fertile farmlands.
They are predominantly found in the northwestern and central parts of Sierra Leone, as well as the national capital Freetown.
However, the term may also refer to Belgian-born persons who have Turkish parents or who have a Turkish ancestral background.
In 1975, the tribe succeeded in regaining approximately 185,000 acres of their ancestral land with the passage of the Grand Canyon National Park Enlargement Act.
However, during the 1920s, they suffered manipulation and numerous murders by whites eager to take over their wealth.
As of 2006, official statistics showed 28,854 legal Angolan residents in Portugal.
Although the Mossi-Dagomba states have the same grandfather, the Dagomba are traditionally regarded as "senior" to the Mossi states of Ouagadougou, Yatenga and Fada N'Gourma.
The accounts of the Jesuit Relations frequently refer to the Mascouten as the "Fire Nation" or "Nation of Fire".
Kerala Iyers, like the Iyers of Tamil Nadu and the Nambudiris of Kerala, belonged to the Pancha-Dravida classification of India's Brahmin community.
Chinese New Zealanders refers to New Zealanders of Chinese ancestry.
They were known in the past as skilled hunters, and were also one of the main groups participating in the slave trade.
There is also a town in Taita-Taveta District called Taveta
The Lebanese Sunni Muslims are concentrated in west Beirut, Tripoli, Sidon and in the countryside of the Akkar.
More Jewish settlers arrived, but when Catholic priests later arrived, most of the Jewish population assimilated and converted to Catholicism.
Despite having more cultural elements similar to the northern countries of Central America, Mexicans in Costa Rica are quickly assimilated by the Costa Rican population.
The Kabylians speak the Kabyle Berber language.
There were 10,000 Besermans in 1926, but the Russian Census of 2002 found only 3,122 of them.
The Mbeere or Ambeere people are a Bantu ethnic group inhabiting the former Mbeere District in the now defunct Eastern Province of Kenya.
According to the 2013 American Community Survey, there were over 27,000 Americans of full or partial Estonian descent, up from 26,762 in 1990.
Their population, estimated at 18 million people, makes them the largest minority in China.
Most Chinese in Bulgaria are economic immigrants and small-scale investors in particular.
Hungary–Russia relations refer to bilateral foreign relations between the two countries, Hungary and Russia.
They are concentrated in south-western Serbia, and their cultural centre is Novi Pazar.
The Lao Krang should not be confused with the Tai Khang who are a closely related people inhabiting northeastern Laos.
The Cacaopera people were an indigenous people in El Salvador.
Mexicans are the people of the United Mexican States, a multiethnic country in North America.
Irish Argentines are Argentine citizens who are fully or partially of Irish descent.
The Giriama are one of the nine ethnic groups that make up the Mijikenda.
The Romani people in Australia are citizens of Australia who are of Romani descent.
Hupa are a Native American people of the Athabaskan-speaking ethnolinguistic group in northwestern California.
In 2015, according to the American Community Survey, 96,783 Saudi-born people were living in United States.
In Russia, the Evenks are recognized as one of the Indigenous peoples of the Russian North, with a population of 38,396.
Their lands are part of the yungas or high altitude forests at the edge of the Amazon rainforest.
The Altai Uriankhai refer to a Mongolian tribe around the Altai Mountains that were organized by the Qing dynasty.
The Piegan are an Algonquian people from the North American Great Plains.
They are concentrated in the west-central mountains, and number over 750,000 people.
In 1920 the region of Zaolzie was incorporated into Czechoslovakia after the Polish–Czechoslovak War.
The formation of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic in 1918 established the territory of the Republic of Azerbaijan.
While Argentines of French descent make up a substantial percent of the Argentine population, they are less visible than other similarly-sized ethnic groups.
The Nocte are an ethnic group primarily living in Arunachal.
Shaikhs have different community in them, namely baghdadi, sanjogi, nangani, deewan and chatani.
There are about 1.7 million Tày people living in Vietnam.
In Canada, the majority of Hong Kong Canadians reside in the metropolitan areas of Toronto and Vancouver.
Between 2000–2001 and 2005–2006, the number of migrants who came to Australia from India increased from 4,700 to 12,300 people.
The Sukuma are a Bantu ethnic group inhabiting the southeastern African Great Lakes region.
The language is in the Ngalik-Nduga subfamily.
Today the Coyaha live primarily in the northeastern Oklahoma area, where many are enrolled as citizens in the federally recognized Muscogee Creek Nation.
Recently, smaller groups of Turks have begun to immigrate to Australia from Bulgaria, Greece, Iraq, and the Republic of Macedonia.
Manx Americans are American citizens of full or partial Manx ancestry or Manx people who reside in the United States.
Martín de Argüelles born 1566, St. Augustine, Spanish Florida, was the first known person of European descent born in what is now the United States.
Tamils in France refer to the citizens as well as expatriate residents of Tamil origin living in France.
In 1971, during the Bangladesh Liberation War, an estimated 2.4 million Bengali Hindus were massacred by the Pakistani army.
Angkola society strictly prohibits marriage between people with the same surname.
South African New Zealanders refers to New Zealanders who were either born in South Africa or are descendants of South African migrants.
Others arrived as fishermen, farmers, and coconut plantation workers during the 19th century.
After the Spanish Conquest, many Huastecs were sold as slaves in the Caribbean by the Spanish.
Their late-20th-century population was estimated at nine million.
They live mainly in a mountainous region in the northwestern part of Sichuan on the eastern edge of the Tibetan Plateau.
In contrast, the Rajputs living in Rajasthan were historically referred to as "Western Rajputs".
The large majority of South African immigrants to Australia have been of British descent; only a very small percentage, around 2-3% have been of Afrikaans origin.
Moir is derived from the Portuguese word mour.
The Ghanaian people are a nationality originating in the Ghanaian Gold Coast.
The rest are assimilated with the locals and they consider themselves Maltese.
Today Tagish people live mainly in Carcross or Whitehorse and are members of the Carcross/Tagish First Nation or the Kwanlin Dün First Nation.
However, many South Asian people still maintain their ancestral customs and languages, and therefore many South Asian festivals are well-known and accepted within Ireland.
One of the main communities is Manawan, about 160 kilometres northeast of Montreal.
Sri Lankan Gypsy people are an ethnic group from Sri Lanka who trace their origins in India centuries ago.
Roman Catholicism was first introduced to India by Portuguese, Italian and Irish Jesuits in the 16th century.
In the 19th century, the Osage were forced to remove from Kansas to Indian Territory, and the majority of their descendants live in Oklahoma.
During this period, Okinawan ethnic identity, tradition, culture and language were suppressed by the Meiji government, which sought to assimilate the Ryukyuan people as Japanese.
During the Republic the first series of large scale Dutch migrations outside of Europe took place.
Kwaio culture was greatly transformed, but after several years was able to regain its traditional practices and social structure.
Vietnamese people in Poland form one of the ethnic minorities in Poland.
The phrase may refer to someone born in Peru of British descent.
Jainism has been present in Maharashtra since ancient times.
Their main means of subsistence is swidden agriculture, which may be supplemented with hunting, fishing, gathering, and the processing and sale of forest products.
Many Austrian descendants in Argentina arrived in the country from other parts of Europe when Austria was a unified kingdom with Hungary.
As a result of a major emigration wave in the 1990s, the vast majority of Georgian Jews now live in Israel.
Smaller bands live in Sonora and Durango.
The Carolinians have a much darker complexion than the native Chamorros.
They also refer to themselves as Molesalam Thakur and sometimes Molesalam Girasia.
The Yali speak a language that is similar to that of the Dani, although it has distinct differences.
The Yakans mainly reside in Basilan but are also in Zamboanga City.
A derogatory term for the Malacca Portuguese community was Gragok, referring to the fact that the Portuguese Malaccans were traditionally shrimp fishermen).
Pathukudi is a Malayalam speaking Hindu community — mostly centered in Palakkad district of Kerala state, India.
This number excludes those who have received German citizenship as well as ethnic Chinese from countries such as Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia.
Their population was estimated at 7,910 in the year 2000.
Many prominent figures of Ukraine such as Taras Shevchenko, Meletius Smotrytsky, Yakiv Holovatsky, St. Yosafat and others stayed and created in Lithuania.
The pogroms were mostly perpetrated by anti-communist forces; sometimes, Red Army units engaged in pogroms as well.
There are also many Iranian Kurds in Jordan as refugees as a result of the Islamic revolution of Iran.
Of the 54,440 migrants granted permanent residency in 2013, 4,743 were Chinese, more than any other group except for Americans with 12,905.
It is one of the peoples that have traditionally been called Shahdagh.
The Kotoko form part of the Chadic people.
Mainly comprising the Gujaratis from Palanpur district in Gujarat and the Marwaris from Rajasthan, initially arrived in Antwerp to work in the diamond industry.
The Konkani people speak different dialects of Konkani, their native tongue; although a very high percentage are bilingual.
The Confederated Tribes of the Chehalis Reservation is a federally recognized tribe of Upper and Lower Chehalis, Klallam, Muckleshoot, Nisqually, and Quinault peoples.
The Chelan are an Interior Salish people speaking the Wenatchi dialect, though separate from that tribe.
Some descendants of the She also exist amongst the Hakka minority in Taiwan.
After losing the last of their reservation land in the early 1700s, the tribe disappeared from the historical record and was considered extinct.
One of his descendents, an individual by the name of Modan took to making sweetmeats.
Overseas Chinese are people of Chinese birth or descent who live outside the People's Republic of China and Republic of China.
They come from the central Midwestern United States.
The Burgenland-Roma speak the Vlax Romani language.
The population of Khorasani Kurds is about half a million, some 400 thousand of which live in Razavi Khorasan and the rest in North Khorasan.
Today, the descendants of those who remained are officially referred to as South Sea Islanders.
Germans have been immigrating to Colombia since at least 17th century.
Also in the area is the Salt River Indian Reservation of the Pima and Maricopa peoples.
17,186 people indicated that they were of full or partial Sudanese ancestry.
In 1996, the Kvens were granted minority status in Norway, and in 2005 the Kven language was recognized as a minority language in Norway.
During the Delhi Sultanate era, the Lodi dynasty briefly replaced the preexisting rulers in North India until Babur completely deposed the Lodi dynasty.
Sthānika Brāhmins are followers of Advaita Philosophy and practice the Panchayatana form of worship.
Slavs speak Slavic languages of the Balto-Slavic language group.
Chief Saturiwa allied with the French, who built Fort Caroline in Saturiwa territory, and later aided them against the Spanish of St. Augustine.
Telugu Brahmins are a community of Indians who practice Hinduism and who speak the Telugu language.
During the Cultural Revolution years, 1966–76, Mongolian instruction was largely abolished.
As compared to other Micronesian islands in the South Pacific Mandate, there were fewer Japanese who settled in the islands.
1,500 people who are not Native American also reside within the reservation boundaries.
Japanese migration to Thailand has a long history, and in recent years has grown to a large extent.
There are an estimated 9.5 million Polish Americans, representing about 3% of the U.S. population.
Due largely to notions of white supremacy, they were treated as second-class citizens.
In Alaska, where they are the oldest, there are eleven groups identified by the languages they speak.
Angkola people are one of the sub-ethnic groups comprising the Batak people from North Sumatra who live in South Tapanuli regency.
Calling themselves Este Mvskokvlke, they are regarded as one of the historical Five Civilized Tribes of the American Southeast.
Variations of the name of the community include: Murikinadu, Muluknadu, Mulukanadu, Mulakanadu, Moolakanadu and Mulikinadu.
There are some variations in the way the language is spoken; this corresponds with geographical contiguity.
The Macedonians were an ancient tribe that lived on the alluvial plain around the rivers Haliacmon and lower Axios in the northeastern part of mainland Greece.
The Yine are an indigenous people in Peru.
The Antesaka, also known as Tesaka, or Tesaki, are an ethnic group of Madagascar traditionally concentrated south of Farafangana along the south-eastern coast.
Their neighbors are other Athabaskan-speaking and Yupik Eskimo peoples: Deg Hit'an, Upper Kuskokwim, Koyukon, Lower Tanana, Ahtna, Chugach Sugpiaq, Koniag Alutiiq, and Yup'ik.
Many of the newly workers and refugees have frequently falling in the hand of human traffickers and been killed by other criminals.
The majority of Britons are found in Istanbul, with smaller populations scattered throughout the capital Ankara.
Koreans in the Netherlands form one of the smaller Korean diaspora groups in Europe.
The reservation is also home to about 300 American Indians enrolled with other Tribes, such as the Yakama, Tenino, and Nez Percé.
However, most Chinese New Zealanders live in the North Island, and are of more recent migrant heritage.
A further 1,000,000 Ontarians self-declared French to be one of multiple mother tongues.
Mwangeka, a legendary figure for the Taitas, resisted the British colonists from approaching the lands of the Wataita.
The population of the tribe exceeds 7,000 enrolled members, making it the largest Keresan-speaking tribe.
Estimates on the number of Kurds in Lebanon prior to 1985 were around 60,000.
They are part of the Songhai people.
Census reports from Manipur in 1883 note that nearly some Manipuris in the Valley of Manipur professed to be Kshatriya.
Some reports estimate that Old Settlers began migrating west by 1800.
An estimated 100,000 Liberians live in the U.S. as of this time.
Kelantanese Malays forms 94% of Kelantan's population, which makes them the largest ethnic group in Kelantan and around 150,000 in Besut, Terengganu.
Georgians briefly reasserted their independence from Russia under the First Georgian Republic from 1918 to 1921, and finally, in 1991 from the Soviet Union.
The Bene Israel, formerly known in India as the "Native Jew Caste", are a historic community of Jews in India.
Zeliangrong people are one of the major indigenous Naga communities living in the tri-junction of Assam, Manipur and Nagaland in India.
The toponym "Kansas" was derived from the name of this tribe.
They are located all around the country but the main communities are located in Paris, Marseille and Grenoble.
Now, they live in small numbers in eastern Turkey and Istanbul.
Most notably, the Guaraní language, still widely spoken across traditional Guaraní homelands, is one of the two official languages in Paraguay, the other one being Spanish.
Politically, they live in either Okinawa Prefecture or Kagoshima Prefecture.
They are geographically spread out across countries; Somaliland, Ethiopia and Djibouti.
Bantu is a major branch of the Niger-Congo language family spoken by most populations in Africa.
Most Gambians living in the United States are Muslim or Christian.
Like other Iyer communities, they follow the Advaita philosophy propounded by Adi Shankara.
Although most of this population belonged to State of Bihar in India there are many from other Indian states such as U.P..
Macedonians in Bosnia and Herzegovina refers to the group of ethnic Macedonians who reside in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Agua Dulce or Agua Fresca were a Timucua group of northeastern Florida.
In Jordan, there is no official census data for how many inhabitants are Palestinians and it rather depends on the definition of who is a Palestinian.
According to the 2000 South Korean Census, 486,645 people in South Korea had the surname Yang.
Indians in Brunei consist of expatriate professionals and permanent settlers from India to Brunei.
The Apalachicola were a group of Native Americans related to the Muscogee people.
According to the 2002 census, there are 500,000 Tatars in Siberia, but only 9,611 of them are indigenous Siberian Tatars.
This fictional account tells of a ship, called 'The Ibis', which brought the Bihari bonded labourers to Mauritius.
They worked in the field, as was traditional in their country.
The Ibi first encountered Spanish friars in 1597, and soon became integrated into the Spanish mission system.
They have a population of 569 as of 2010.
The majority of the Afro-Ecuadorian population are to be found in the province of Esmeraldas and the Valle del Chota in the Imbabura Province.
Over 2,000 Nigerians living illegally in Brazil without proper documentation before 9 February 2009 and are to be benefited from amnesty offers by the Brazilian Government.
The English people in Paraguay mostly arrived during the colonial period as investors and industrialists.
An army of Cossacks and Crimean Tatars massacred and took into captivity a large number of Jews, Roman Catholic Christians and Uniate Christians in 1648–49.
The majority of the Ojibwe people live in Canada.
The Washington state ferry Samish, dedicated in summer 2015, is named for the Samish Nation.
According to the 2011 census, there are 38,527 ethnic Montenegrins in Serbia.
Their traditional religion was Poro and Bondo, which incorporate secret initiation ceremonies.
Thus, the genus today contains roughly 1,500–2,000 species.
Copts in Sudan constitute the largest Christian community in Sudan, accounting for an estimated 1 percent of the Sudanese population.
Baruwal migrated from India as escort force.
The Fig Springs archaeological site may be the remains of their principal village, Ayacuto, and the later Spanish mission of San Martín de Timucua.
According to the last census from 2002, there were 53 879 people counted as Romani in the Republic of Macedonia, or 2.66% of the population.
Crafted lithic flaked tools are used by archaeologists and anthropologists to classify cultural periods.
They are the sixth largest ethnic community in the Vojvodina province.
There is a significant population of Zimbabweans in Botswana.
They live in Manglore, Udupi, Bengaluru, Thirthahalli, Sringeri, Shimoga etc.
The central and southern portions of the country had Chibcha influences.
The Nadruvians were one of the now-extinct Prussian clans.
The Aohan are a Southern Mongol subgroup in Aohan Banner, Inner Mongolia, China.
From the east to west, it runs from Parajok/Magwi to Uganda across the River Nile.
Small numbers of Germans subsequently immigrated there, many coming as soldiers, traders, diamond miners, or colonial officials.
The current post-colonial division of Apache groups includes Western Apache, Chiricahua, Mescalero, Jicarilla, Lipan, and Plains Apache.
The Hmong/Mong is an ethnic group from the mountainous regions of southern China, Vietnam, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand.
The two Ndebele groups are separated not only geographically but also by differences in their languages and cultures.
They are not to be confused with the Aleuts, who live further to the southwest, including along the Aleutian Islands.
The name "Orang Sungai" is a collective term that was first coined during the colonial British rule for communities living along the Kinabatangan River.
The term ethnic Japanese may also be used in some contexts to refer to particular ethnic groups, including the Yamato, Ainu, and Ryukyuan people.
Population numbers for the Syrian Yazidi community are unclear.
During the colonial era, some converted to Christianity.
The Hazaras are a Persian-speaking people who mainly live in central Afghanistan, Hazara Town in Balochistan, Pakistan, and Karachi.
According to official Greek statistics, there were 5,000 Filipinos in Greece in 1991, which declined to 2,000 by 1996.
The "Western Sotho" branch or "Tswanaic" branch includes the Tswana language, spoken by the Tswana people.
Americans in France consists of immigrants and expatriates from the United States as well as French people of American ancestry.
This region is unique as the only area in the province that is officially designated by provincial law as a bilingual district.
As of 2013, people of solely European descent are a small minority in Dominica, comprising only 0.8% of the population.
The Jewish population spread to other Estonian cities where houses of prayer were erected and cemeteries were established.
Hiraab members live in central and southern Somalia, from Galkayo to Kismayo.
Albanians in Turkey are ethnic Albanian citizens and denizens of Turkey.
There are about 42 households of Togutil communities that settled along the Dodaga river, while about 500 lived along the Akelamo river.
Brahmins are located at the top of the caste pyramid and were followed by the Khastriya, Vaishyas, Shudras and finally the untouchables.
In contrast, seniors of East Indian origin are more likely than other seniors to live with members of their extended family.
The community resides mainly in Serbia's capital, Belgrade.
In India, the Zou are officially recognized as one of the thirty-three indigenous peoples within the state of Manipur, and are one of the Scheduled tribes.
The advent of DNA sequencing since then has allowed for the study of Mexico's mestizo population.
The history of Native Hawaiians, like the history of Hawaii, is commonly classified into four major periods:
Significant numbers of Maras are also found living south-eastern part of Burma, in Chin State and Rakhine State which border the district.
There are around 200 million native speakers of Dravidian languages.
Their lands have been settled by illegal squatters, and the Tembé are working to expel the intruders from their territories.
The last four officially recognized chiefs of the San Poil Tribe were Que Que Tas, his son Nespelem George, Skolaskin, and Jim James.
Their number has been shrinking since 2013.
The Kayan are a sub-group of Red Karen, Tibeto-Burman ethnic minority of Myanmar.
Consequently, many married the local women of these lands, or formed liaisons with them.
White Bermudians or Bermudians of European descent are Bermudians whose ancestry lies within the continent of Europe, most notably the British Isles and Portugal.
Yakuts are Turkic people who mainly inhabit the Sakha Republic.
The Bhuiyar or Bhuyiar are a Hindu caste found in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India.
Some may identify as Koryo-saram, but many do not.
The Romani are an ethnic group that has lived in Austria since the Middle Ages.
in the Western region may also trace their roots to Guans.
The population in Kenya is currently more than 150,000.
Although the exact number of Lebanese Brazilians is disputed it is clear that there are at least 6 million Brazilians of Lebanese origin.
Some Nganasans live in villages with a Dolgan majority, such as Ust'-Avam.
They left their ancestral homelands in Southern Wisconsin for Eastern Iowa, a state that bears their name.
This community is distinct from the Rajasthani Khanzada, the descendants of Wali-e-Mewat Raja Naher Khan, who are a sub-clan of Jadaun gotra .
They are also known as Arecuna, Aricuna Jaricuna, Kamarakoto, and Taurepang.
The Lhotshampa people are native to southern Bhutan, and are thus colloquially referred to as Southerners.
Their traditional lands centered on a heavily forested area around the Yukon River and straddling what is now the Alaska-Yukon Territory border.
The Nagarathar or Nattukkottai Chettiar were historically an itinerant community of merchants but claim Chettinad as their traditional home.
Most of them, such as the Abgaal, live in Mogadishu.
The reservation is 497 acres in size.
Polish Venezuelans are Venezuelan citizens of full or partial Polish ancestry.
There were more than 200,000 people speaking the language in Orissa..The Ho is a sister tribe of the Munda tribal community.
The Lao Loum is an official Lao People's Democratic Republic designation for lowland dwelling Tai peoples, including the majority Lao people.
Presently, the most recent census count puts their population at over 7,000 distributed among 48 communities located in Puerto Inca Province, Chanchamayo Province and Oxapampa Province.
These terms are also used to refer to German-born individuals who are of full or partial Turkish ancestry.
Mala are Dalits from the south Indian states of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana.
The censuses of Scotland and Northern Ireland recorded 215 and 44 Kosovo-born residents respectively.
Then there the Gabails, also known as the Kathiris, who are a collection of tribes.
German Namibians are a community of people descended from ethnic German colonists who settled in present-day Namibia.
Polish immigrants began arriving in Brazil in the late 19th century, but their numbers really increased in the 1920s.
Québécois, Quebecois, or Québecois is a word used primarily to refer to a French-speaking native or inhabitant of the Canadian province of Quebec.
Though thought to be extinct, their numbers, today, are increasing.
In 2011, in an episode of the NBC show 'Who do you think you are?'
Mahendra Chaudhry became Fiji's first Indo-Fijian Prime Minister on 19 May 1999.
The Cornish people and their Brythonic Cornish language experienced a process of anglicisation and attrition during the Medieval and early Modern Period.
In the 21st century, more than 99% of Mandinka in contemporary Africa are Muslim.
Jews in Ireland have historically enjoyed a relative tolerance that was largely absent elsewhere in Europe.
They are also known as kewat or nishad.
In 1911, an agricultural project began at Berastagi, now the major town in Karoland, to grow European vegetables in the cooler temperatures.
They share the indigenous territory with the Kwaza and Aikanã people.
Subsequently, during the 19th century, it referred to the citizens of the Empire of Austria, and from 1867 until 1918 to the citizens of Cisleithania.
Their density lowers between Save and Zambezi, where the Tsonga/Shona group of Ndau starts to dominate.
The Nutabe were an indigenous people who inhabited the region of Antioquia in Colombia, to about the 14th century.
The roofs are covered with palm leaves or reeds, with tiles becoming progressively popular.
The Circassian presence in Egypt traces back to 1297 when Lajin became Sultan of Mamluk Sultanate of Egypt.
The Livonians or Livs are the indigenous inhabitants of Northern Latvia and Southwestern Estonia.
Archaeological evidence of the Cohonina disappears beyond this period.
So, most of the people who came from Senegal belonged to ethnic groups Mandinga and Fula.
The Cayuga people are another of the Iroquois nations.
This country has the largest population of Marshallese outside the Marshall Islands.
They constitute the largest component of the 'other' ethnic category, which makes up 2.3% of the population as per the CIA World Factbook.
As the civil war raged throughout the 1990s, the government focused its religious fervour on the south.
Before British colonisation in 1803, there were an estimated 3,000–15,000 Palawa.
Bihari people can be separated into three main ethnic groups, Bhojpuris, Maithils and Magahis with other smaller groups also being present.
Russians who reside in Lithuania live mainly in urban areas.
In 2005, more people from Muslim-majority countries became legal permanent United States residents—nearly 96,000—than there had been in any other year in the previous two decades.
Ottawa, with 128,620 francophones, has the province's largest Franco-Ontarian community by size.
From 1620-1750 they are referred to as "Manskin", on several maps, a name derived from Manaskunt.
At the time of the Spanish colonization of the Americas, their territory covered the present-day Venezuelan states of Bolívar, Guárico and Barinas.
They are also found in northern Gambia and southern Mauritania.
Thiruvalluvar, known commonly as Valluvar, is a celebrated Tamil poet and philosopher whose contribution to Tamil literature is the Thirukkural, a work on ethics.
The Jangil were presumed extinct by 1931.
In 2007, Bloomberg reported that there were approximately 200,000 Australians in London.
The total number of Bulgarians counted in the 2002 Census was 1,417 or roughly 0.07%.
Cape Verdean Guinea-Bissauan are Guinea-Bissauan residents whose ancestry originated in Cape Verde.
The Iranun were excellent in maritime activity.
The name Kamchadal was applied to the descendants of the local Russians and aboriginal peoples, who assimilated with the Russians.
Some are also in the services field.
The oldest historical references to Vadamas date from the first millennium AD.
American Samoa, the Northern Mariana Islands, and Guam are insular areas, while Hawaii is a state.
They are now a big part of service employees in the growing tourism centres.
The paramount chief named the Great Sun was always the son of the Female Sun, whose daughter would be the mother of the next Great Sun.
Some of them still speak Baraba dialect of Siberian Tatar language.
The population of the Dominican Republic in 2007 was estimated by the United Nations at 9,760,000.
Monegasque Americans are Americans born in or with ancestry from the principality of Monaco.
They are of three indegeneous groups: Bahuutu, the Batutsi and the Batwa.
The population of the community is about 14,000 as of 2012.
In 2015, Finnish immigrants to Sweden made out 156 045 persons Not all of them, however, were Finnish speakers.
The Sumis mainly inhabit the Zunheboto district and Dimapur district, although many have spread and are now living in a few more districts within Nagaland.
With the Cahuilla and Quechan tribes, in 1812 the Serrano revolted against it and other local missions practicing Indian reductions.
According to the National Geographic's DNA study, "The Genographic Project", they found out that the average Filipino's genes is 3% South Asian origin.
When European explorers travelled west, they most likely met the Siksiká first and assumed all Niitsítapi of the Blackfoot Confederacy were Blackfoot, which is incorrect.
They call themselves "Sabu" and are sometimes called "Mikeyir" by their neighbors.
The Mechoopda regained federal recognition in 1992.
The majority of Dominicans reside in the Dominican Republic, although there is also a large Dominican diaspora, mainly in the United States and Spain.
After a short period of confusion, the Soviets started executing guilty individuals and even disbanding the army units whose men had attacked Jews.
The 14th century Suruaso inscription was found in Tanah Datar Regency, and written in two languages, Old Malay and Tamil.
Different authorities explain etymology of this word differently.
Thai Chinese are a well established middle class ethnic group and are well represented in all levels of Thai society.
Smaller populations dating to migrations during the 18th century are located on Croatia's Dalmatian coast and scattered communities across southern Ukraine.
Most Ilocanos speak the Ilocano language, which has 40 dialects.
French Haitians, also called Franco-Haitians, are citizens of Haiti of full or partial French ancestry.
A small number of Ghosi are also found in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
The former are descendents of various Pashtun settlers in Bihar, while the latter are Rajput and Bhumihar converts to Islam.
It was one of the many extant castes used to classify individuals.
Chamar is one of the untouchable communities, or dalits, who are now classified as a Scheduled Caste under modern India's system of positive discrimination.
The people of the Lushai Hills demanded a distinct political territory when India achieved independence.
They form the third largest ethnic group in the country, about 8.5% of Sierra Leone's total population.
They are known as Baggara in Sudan, and as Shuwa/Diffa Arabs in Chad and Africa.
Additional areas of concentration include Miami-Dade County and Montgomery County, MD.
Many Nigerians and their British-born descendants in Britain live in South London.
Bosniaks are the third largest ethnic group in the country, after Montenegrins and Serbs.
Their first government under it took over tribal government and administration from the Bureau of Indian Affairs in 1979.
According to the Government of India, there are 10,000 Indians living and working in the country.
They were closely related to other Tunica-language peoples, especially the Tunica, Koroa, and possibly the Tioux.
The Greeks of Albania are ethnic Greeks who live in or originate from areas within modern Albania.
They are one of the largest tribal communities in India.
The judgement does not cover refugees who were adults at the time of Bangladesh Liberation War.
Ethnic Georgians in Russia number 157,803, according to the 2010 Russian Census.
The Appomattoc were affiliated with the estimated 30 tribes of the Powhatan Confederacy, who controlled the area then known as Tenakomakah, present-day Tidewater Virginia.
They inhabit an area known as Frisia and are concentrated in the Dutch provinces of Friesland and Groningen and, in Germany, East Frisia and North Frisia.
As a result of the rebellion, the Chahar Mongols were reorganized into Banners and moved to around Zhangjiakou.
The Bhotiya speak numerous languages including Ladakhi]].
Chinese people in Cape Verde are a community of entrepreneurial migrants who settled on the archipelago beginning in the 1990s to start retail shops.
As Greece has the toughest migration policy in Europe, allowing only less than one percent of applications through.
Most of the community made aliyah from Ethiopia to Israel in two waves of mass immigration assisted by the Israeli government: Operation Moses and Operation Solomon.
Many social organisations have promoted better conditions for Dalits through education, healthcare and employment.
There is a small community of Chinese people in Malawi made up largely of entrepreneurs and merchants running an estimated 140 businesses across Malawi in 2012.
In addition, some Seneca relocated to Indian Territory in the early 19th century; their descendants now form part of the Seneca-Cayuga Nation in present-day Oklahoma.
There are 157,450 Vietnamese Canadians, many of whom reside in the provinces of Ontario, Alberta, British Columbia, and Quebec.
Historically, all inhabitants of the medieval County of Flanders were referred to as "Flemings", irrespective of the language spoken.
Today the Maarenga'yam are enrolled in the Morongo Band of Mission Indians, and the Yuhaviatam are enrolled in the San Manuel Band of Mission Indians.
The Bauzi or Baudi tribe consists of a group of 2,000 people living in the north-central part of the Indonesian province of Papua.
The tribe is made up of Klikitat, Palus, Wallawalla, Wanapam, Wenatchi, Wishram, and Yakama peoples.
Many Americans have also purchased vacation homes rather than moving lock, stock and barrel, leaving the U.S. behind.
According to the 2011 census, there were 28,226 Turks living in the country, forming a minority of some 0.15% of the population.
Historically, the Miccosukee trace their origins to the Lower Chiaha, one of the tribes of the Creek Confederacy in present-day Georgia.
Among them were János Czetz, founder of the Colegio Militar de la Nación and Alexander Asboth, who served as United States Ambassador to Argentina.
They have scheduled caste status in Punjab and Uttar Pradesh.
Oromos speak the Oromo language as a mother tongue, which is part of the Cushitic branch of the Afro-Asiatic family.
The exonym "Nawar" could be used sometimes offensively, denoting a contemptible and immoral lifestyle associating them with beggars, itinerants, and thieves.
The first Estonian World Festival was held in Toronto in 1972.
Kashubian Americans are Americans of Kashubian descent.
The Anuak, also known as the Anyuak, Agnwak and Anywaa, are a Luo Nilotic ethnic group inhabiting parts of East Africa.
They spoke a Siouan dialect of the Tutelo language thought to be similar to that of their neighbors, the Monacan and Manahoac nations.
The Intha are members of a Tibeto-Burman ethnic group living around Inle Lake.
Out of the 7 million Pakistanis abroad more than 2 million live within countries in the Middle East.
They are found traditionally in Karnataka and engaged in toddy tapping, cultivation and other activities.
Kudaldeshkar Gaud Saraswat Brahmin is a community hailing from the western coast of India, residing in the Konkan division of Maharashtra, Goa.
They form the smallest part of the wider Scandinavian Australian group usually included in the census.
They were previously known as the Little River Band of Pomo Indians and Potter Valley Rancheria of Pomo Indians of California.
There were numerous relationships and unions among first, the Europeans and Africans, and later among either of those groups and persons from Asia.
Rajasthani muslims are also punctual of Ramadan, Zakaat and hajj.
Over three-quarters of the Navajo population reside in these two states.
Some notable Estonian Canadians include Urve Tamberg, Endel Tulving, Elmar Tampõld and Uno Prii.
The Beary is a community concentrated mostly along the southwest coast of India, in coastal Dakshina Kannada, a district in the South Indian state of Karnataka.
Tamil Muslims are Tamil-speaking people with Islam as their faith mostly converted.
As of 2012, there are roughly 180,000 of these Filipinos in Kuwait.
They are Sunni Muslims, The Bhatti have always been more orthodox then the Khanzada, a neighbouring Muslim Rajput community.
The majority of ethnic Slovenes live in Slovenia, and they are a recognized minority in Austria, Hungary, Croatia, and Italy, where they are indigenous.
Cities with a relatively significant Latvian proportion:
The Koireng People are one of the many indigenous peoples inhabiting Manipur in North-East India.
Moroccans are people inhabiting or originating from Morocco that share a common Moroccan culture and ancestry.
The Chicken Ranch Rancheria of Me-Wuk Indians of California is a federally recognized tribe of Miwok people in Tuolumne County, California.
After six or seven years, the plot is left to fallow and a new plot is opened nearby.
During the 20th century, the Toda population has hovered in the range 700 to 900.
In 2006, there were 98,905 Japanese Canadians throughout Canada.
From this marriage affinity sprang the Iranun nation whose first leader was Rajah Urangguwan.
A former name used for the Jino, Youle, means "following the maternal uncle," an indication of a matrilineal past.
They are subdivided into the Opu, who live upstream of the Tapanahony River of southeastern Suriname, and the Bilo, who live downstream of that river.
The twelve Azhwars and sixty-three Nayanars are regarded as exponents of the bhakti tradition of Hinduism in South India.
The Pear are an ethnic group indigenous to northwestern Cambodia.
This fueled resentment among the local Greek population and in the aftermath of World War II the entire Muslim Cham population had to flee to Albania.
After Halakhic and constitutional discussions, Israeli officials decided on March 14, 1977, that the Israeli Law of Return applied to the Beta Israel.
As a result of mixed marriages and naturalization, the category includes many Italian nationals and second-generation children of expatriates.
The Mazanderani people or Tabari people are an Iranian people whose homeland is the North of Iran.
British Bangladeshis are people of Bangladeshi origin who have attained citizenship in the United Kingdom, through immigration and historical naturalisation.
Palestinian Canadians, are Canadian citizens of Palestinian descent or Palestine-born people residing in Canada.
They speak Mozabite, a branch of the Zenati group of Berber languages.
They speak the Digor dialect of the Eastern Iranian Ossetian language, which in USSR was considered a separate language until 1937.
Rising tensions over disputed land sales led to conflict in the 1860s.
This term was adopted by later English speakers: traders, explorers and settlers.
They essentially merged and shared reservation land.
Many members of Turk Jamat Muslim community migrated to Pakistan after the independence in 1947 and settled in Karachi.
These villages compose members of the ethnicity related through ancestry as well as strangers who have been assimilated into the ethnicity.
In one notorious incident, rebels led by a chief called Mulume Niama killed a Belgian officer.
The Washington metropolitan area, California, Texas and Georgia also have small numbers of Indo-Guyanese and Indo-Trinidadians.
The Australian embassy in Dublin states that up to 30% of the population claim some degree of Irish ancestry.
In Iran there is a Talesh County in Gilan.
According to the most accepted view, there have been adherents to Islam in Manipur since at least the first decade of the 17th Century.
They are often accused of imposing on the culture, language and currency of Paraguay.
Representing only 0.13% of Australia's overall population, Assyrians are considered to be a successful minority group.
The main festivals of Lohorung are Nwagi and Iksamam.
Turks in Norway are people of Turkish ethnicity living in Norway.
Significant expatriate communities live in Saudi Arabia, the UK and the United States.
In Budapest, a Jew's chance of survival of the same 12 months was about 50%.
The Apalachee are a Native American people who historically lived in the Florida Panhandle.
Historically, Indonesian, which is the national language of Indonesia, was derived from the Malay language spoken in Riau archipelago, a province in eastern Sumatra.
One of the Algonquian-language coastal tribes, the Mattawomen survived in the Chesapeake Bay area until 1735.
That year, the Bush administration had already revoked federal recognition of the Schaghticoke Tribal Nation, which it had approved in 2004.
Other Wiyot people are enrolled in the Blue Lake Rancheria, Rohnerville Rancheria, and Trinidad Rancherias.
The Bembe are an ethnic and linguistic group based in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo and western Tanzania.
Smaller groups include the Ligbi, Vai, and Bissa.
The Mpi are an ethnic group of Thailand.
They have historically inhabited the Gojal valley of Gilgit-Baltistan.
The tribe was denied federal recognition as an Indian tribe in 2001, 2004 and 2007 decisions from the Bureau of Indian Affairs.
Their culture and society developed in the temperate rainforest of the southeast Alaska coast and the Alexander Archipelago.
After the rise of the Aztec Triple Alliance, the Tenochca Mexica assumed a senior position over their two allied cities, Texcoco and Tlacopan.
South of it, the Huilliche and the Cunco lived as far south as the Chiloé Archipelago.
Armenians in France are French citizens of Armenian ancestry.
Their racial and cultural presence is most palpable in the countries of Uruguay, Venezuela, Cuba, and Puerto Rico.
Still a status symbol of the traditional nobility in Hausa society, the horse still features in the Eid day celebrations, known as Ranar Sallah.
Ukraine and Slovakia share a border, and eastern Slovakia has traditionally had a number of Ukrainian villages in the Carpathian mountains.
The other is the Ponca Tribe of Nebraska.
These are the Tanana proper or Lower Tanana and/or Middle Tanana, Tanacross or Tanana Crossing, and Upper Tanana.
It is rare for Ndyuka people to marry outside the group, "so they remain genetically close to their African ancestors."
The British government ultimately permitted 27,000 to move to the UK through the Uganda Resettlement Board.
The Mlabri or Mrabri are an ethnic group of Thailand and Laos, and have been called "the most interesting and least understood people in Southeast Asia".
This includes people of Portuguese descent who were not part of the historical Kristang community, and people with other European ancestry, such as Dutch or British.
The Ambelau people are an ethnic group who form the majority of the population of the Indonesian island of Ambelau.
Armenians have maintained a presence in the Crimea since the Middle Ages.
Arab traders have long operated in Southeast Asia, trading in spices, timber and textiles.
The details about Sourashtra community is discussed by A.J.
It forms a part of the Majeerteen subdivision of the Mahmoud Saleban which fathered Omar, Issa and Osman Mahmoud Harti confederation of Darod clans.
They speak a dialect of the Oromo language that is distinct enough that it is difficult for other Oromo speakers to understand.
Many of them also come to Malaysia for "medical tourism" due to a much cheaper cost than in Europe.
Chinese Australians are also a subgroup of Asian Australians and East Asian Australians and represent the single largest minority ethnicity in the country.
They are one of the 55 officially recognised ethnic minorities in China and reside in the mountainous terrain of the southwest and south.
The two leaders arranged a feast between the two groups.
The Finnish Kale are a group of the Romani people who live primarily in Finland and Sweden.
Arakanese people also live in the southeastern parts of Bangladesh, especially in Chittagong and Barisal Divisions.
The Ukrainian diaspora increased after 1945 due to a second wave of political emigrants.
Serrano language is part of the Takic subset of the large Uto-Aztecan languages group of indigenous people of North America.
The spoke the Karkin language, the only documentation is a single vocabulary obtained by linguist-missionary Felipe Arroyo de la Cuesta at Mission Dolores in 1821.
Nigerians or Nigerian people are citizens of Nigeria or people with ancestry from Nigeria.
These people can be more specifically identified as the Capoques, Kohanis, Kopanes, Kronks, and Karankawa bands.
Of those, 26.7 million, or 53%, also identified as white.
When the Iran-Iraq War broke out in 1980, almost 20,000 Iranian citizens found asylum in Sweden.
Germany maintains a healthy diplomatic presence in the country, with an embassy in Islamabad, a consulate in Karachi and honorary-consulate in Lahore.
Some have also been involved in agriculture, for example producing and selling Chinese cabbage.
The majority of the Arabs in Israel are Muslim but some are Christian or Druze.
The reformist activities of Afa Anjura in the middle of the twentieth century caused entire communities to embrace the Islamic religion en masse.
On 19 November 1493 he landed on the island, naming it San Juan Bautista in honor of Saint John the Baptist.
This was known as the Plantation of Ulster.
Goud Saraswat Brahmins are a Hindu Brahmin community in India and a part of the larger Saraswat Brahmin community.
Argentines are the fifth largest Latin American group in Australia after Chileans, Salvadorans, Colombians and Brazilians.
Some notable raizals are musician/composer/producer Elkin Robinson from Providence, and producer/composer/singer Jacob Bush from San Andres.
Kiazai is a Baloch tribe in Balochistan, Sindh, Punjab Pakistan..
Their traditional territory was around Lake Pend Oreille, as well as the Pend Oreille River, and Priest Lake.
The Pottawatomi , also spelled Pottawatomie and Potawatomi, are a Native American people of the Great Plains, upper Mississippi River and Western Great Lakes region.
Armenians are an ethnic group native to the Armenian Highlands.
The chaotic years of World War I, the February and October Revolutions, and the Russian Civil War had created social disruption that led to anti-Semitism.
Guaraní are a group of culturally related indigenous peoples of South America.
There has been a Jewish presence in Gibraltar for more than 650 years.
Russians in Spain form one of the country's smaller foreign communities, making up about 0.83% of all foreigners in Spain.
The original home of the family is said to have been from North India.
These peoples are descended from members of the historic Muscogee or Creek Confederacy of numerous tribes in the southeast United States, particularly Georgia and Alabama.
They occupy most parts of the Tigray region of Ethiopia.
Bollywood is represented by Parveen Babi, who came from an aristocratic Yusufzai Pathan family, Farooq Shaikh and Sanjeeda Sheikh.
Russian Canadians comprise Canadian citizens of Russian heritage or Russians who emigrated to and reside in Canada.
The word Anishinaabeg translates to "people from whence lowered."
Lithuanians in the United Kingdom include individuals born in Lithuania who have migrated to the UK as well as their British-born descendants.
The tribe spoke an Algonquian language, like other members of the Powhatan Chiefdom.
Significant Tibetan minorities also live outside of Tibet Autonomous Region in China, and in India, Nepal, and Bhutan.
The people are generally divided into the Chihpen and Nanwang groups, both resident in Taitung County on the east coast of Taiwan.
Citizen Potawatomi Nation is a federally recognized tribe of Potawatomi people located in Oklahoma.
There are an estimated 5,000 Brazilians registered in Angola, mainly working for construction, mining and agribusiness companies.
The Mal Paharia people are a tribal people of West Bengal, Bihar and Jharkhand in India.
They primarily live in the southern parts of the country, though some have migrated to Addis Ababa and other regions.
The Moro people mostly live in Mindanao, Sulu and Palawan.
Gujarati people or Gujaratis are an Indo-Aryan ethnic group of India that traditionally speaks Gujarati, an Indo-Aryan language.
The Aparai or Apalai are an indigenous people of Brazil, who live in Amapá and Pará states.
The Serbs in Hungary are recognized as an ethnic minority, numbering 7,210 people or 0.1% of the total population.
Malaysian Malays are ethnic Malays domiciled throughout Malaysia and native to the modern state.
The Ministry of Public Works and Communications uses racial classification in the driver’s license, being white, mestizo, mulatto, black, and yellow the categories used.
They are first mentioned in historic records by French missionaries, who described the people as inhabiting the southern area of present-day Michigan.
The Bakhtiari are a southwestern Iranian tribe, and a subgroup of the Lurs.
Kets are a Siberian people who speak the Ket language.
Despite the lifestyle changes, they have provided a wealth of information in anthropology and genetics.
They became known as the Sudeten Germans after the fall of the Austro-Hungarian monarchy, which was a consequence of the First World War.
Yavapai are a Native American tribe in Arizona.
Currently, the largest settlement of Kavalan is Xinshe Village in Fengbin Township, Hualien County.
Bronk himself is said to have been either Danish or Swedish.
In 2013, there were approximately 140,000-170,000 people with Māori ancestry living in Australia.
On average, African Americans are of West/Central African and European descent, and some also have Native American ancestry.
Their people speak the Seneca language, an Iroquoian language.
Most of the present-day Russians in Lithuania are migrants from the Soviet era and their descendants.
This article is about the ethnic group in New Guinea.
The Spaniards who arrived in the Bahamas, Cuba, and Hispaniola in 1492, and later in Puerto Rico, did not bring women on their first expeditions.
They inhabited the coastal tidewater of Virginia on the north side of the James River near Chesapeake Bay.
However, the Ticaonon have more affinity with the Masbateño-speaking people of Masbate, being their province-mates.
Chinese Brazilians are people of Chinese ancestry who were born in or have immigrated to Brazil.
The Western Bororo live around the Jauru and Cabaçal rivers.
Its goal was to conquer all pagans and convert them to Roman Catholicism.
Other names used to refer this community are PathuMadom and Dashagotram.
The government of the Heiltsuk people is the Heiltsuk Nation, though the term is also used to describe the community.
Liverpool-born Blacks are people of Black African ancestry born in the city of Liverpool.
In the early 16th century the Kingdom of Navarre was also conquered.
The result was an ethnic cleansing of the Acadians from Maritime Canada.
The two ethnic groups share somewhat similar language and the same religion.
Currently there are over 35,848 Azerbaijanis in Uzbekistan, making up 0.15% of Uzbekistan's population.
391 of the combatants were born in Iceland, the rest were of Icelandic descent.
The Domari-speaking community in Syria, commonly identified as Dom and Nawar, is estimated to number 100–250,000 or 250–300,000 people.
The Jakaltek also maintain a belief system which involves Naguals and Tonals.
There are more than 120 Romani minority NGOs in Croatia.
The Khasi language was essentially oral and later on they started using Bengali scripts until the arrival of Christian missionaries.
One notable Czech-French writer is Milan Kundera.
Chileans are mainly the admixture of Spaniards with indigenous peoples.
There are other estimates however that place the number of people in Turkey with Albanian ancestry and or background upward to 5 million.
Shors or Shorians are a Turkic people in the Kemerovo Oblast in Russia.
Those across the strait are known by academics as the Mainland Comox and are formed today of three groups:
Most Jamaicans with Irish ancestry also have African ancestry.
Dubai alone accounts for a Pakistani population of 400,000.
Today they live on the Yurok Indian Reservation, on several rancherias including the Trinidad Rancheria, throughout Humboldt County, and beyond.
Characterized as a highly successful merchant caste, Dyula migrants began establishing trading communities across the region in the fourteenth century.
Austrian Canadians are Canadian citizens who are of Austrian ancestry or Austrian-born people who reside in Canada.
Their agriculture was based upon shifting cultivation techniques and the cultivation of dryland rice.
Some members have formed their own emigrant communities in neighbouring countries, as well as further abroad.
The Bhale Sultan Khanzada are a Muslim community found in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India.
Tamil performing arts are divided into popular and classical.
The seven kingdoms that merged in the Pitu Ulunna Salu Alliance region are:
An estimated 1.6 million to 3.2 million Chileans have a surname of Basque origin.
According to the 2000 Census there were 2,979 Americans who claimed Libyan ancestry.
- 131 were males and 145 females
According to the 2011 Census, there were 252,960 Canadians who claimed Greek ancestry.
Most Welshmen who arrived in New Zealand were gold and coal miners.
The Hakkas are usually identified with people who speak the Hakka language or share at least some Hakka ancestry.
Europeans first settled there, at the headwaters of the East Fork of the Russian River, in 1852.
Not included in those figures are individuals of Vietnamese origin or descent who have been naturalised as German citizens.
They're often referred as Maracuchos or Marabines.
However, this hypothesis is questionable, because the Biates, as a tribe, never fed or worshipped a snake except one.
According to the 2011 Census there were 36,985 Canadians who claimed full or partial Macedonian ancestry.
The Fur are an ethnic group inhabiting western Sudan.
The Serbs of Croatia or Croatian Serbs constitute the largest national minority in Croatia.
By the 1670s, the Chaubunagungamaug Nipmuck came under the nominal control of the Massachusetts Bay Colony and under the expanding missionary influence of the Rev.
Jews contributed to Latvia's development until the Northern War, which decimated Latvia's population.
The Lebanese people in Syria are people from Lebanon or those of Lebanese descent who live in the country of Syria.
The very name Sabaragamuwa is believed to have meant the village of the Sabaras or "forest barbarians".
Traditional beliefs predominate, although Christianity has also had an influence.
Their small huts, made with pieces of wood and palm-leaves, stand in the middle of the cleared area, surrounded by haphazard cultivations of sorghum and corn.
The people are descended from Miami who were removed in the 19th century from their traditional territory in present-day Indiana, Michigan and Ohio.
The low-veld Sotho include the Lobedu, Narene, Phalaborwa, Mogoboya, Kone, Kgakga, Pulana, Pai, and Kutswe.
As of 2011, 1,615,145 Canadians had South Asian geographical origins, constituting 4.9% of the Canadian population and 32% of Canada's Asian Canadian population.
Hong Kong Americans or American Hong Kongers are Americans of Hong Kongese ancestry.
Filipinos in Qatar are either migrants or descendants of the Philippines living in Qatar.
Australians in Thailand are a population of over 20,000.
The Tlingit are an indigenous people of the Pacific Northwest Coast of North America.
In some cases Spanish colonists had unions with female slaves.
Many Fulbe were taken captive to the Americas from the 16th through the 19th century as part of the Atlantic slave trade.
In ancient times it was part of Parthia, and after Seleucid era it became known as Comisene.
Filipinos make up the fourth-largest group of foreigners in Saudi Arabia, and are the second-largest source of remittances to the Philippines.
According to the American Community Survey in 2010-2012 there were more than 23,000 people born in Kazakhstan, but not all of them are of Kazakh ethnicity.
Of the Palestinian population who live abroad, known as the Palestinian diaspora, more than half are stateless lacking citizenship in any country.
According to data collected by the National Institute of Statistics and Geography in 2000, they numbered 15,850, however, the total number is likely larger.
Nepalis in Mauritius are migrants from Nepal to Mauritius, mostly migrant workers and expatriates.
The La Ha celebrate the Pang A Nụn Ban Festival to show deep gratitude to their doctors.
Caribbean people were also among the many nationalities flocking to the Victorian goldfields after 1851.
Whereas the communities of Basel and Zürich are traditionally shaped by large Ashkenazi communities, Geneva also hosts an important Sephardic community.
The Sara people, also called Kirdi, are an African ethnic group found in southern Chad, northwestern Central African Republic and southern border of Sudan.
This term applies to people of Indonesian birth and descent who are citizens or residents of temporary status.
The Ơ Đu are an aboriginal ethnic group in Vietnam and Laos.
There are also a significant population of Iraqi Lurs in eastern and central parts of Iraq, mainly known as Feylis.
Sami Americans are Americans of Sami descent, who originate from Sapmi, the northern regions of Norway, Sweden, Finland, and the Kola Peninsula of Russia.
The Zhuang people are an ethnic group who mostly live in the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region in southern China.
Cameron Stout winner of Big Brother in 2003, brother of Julyan Sinclair
Today their descendants are enrolled in the federally recognized Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon.
Of the over 6,000,000 Libyans that lived in Libya prior to the Libyan Crisis, more than a million were immigrants.
They in turn have lent their name to Coconino County, Arizona.
The number of Wodaabe was estimated in 2001 to be 100,000.
An estimated 88,764 people in Norway are either first or second generation immigrants from Africa.
The Ameru are however unrelated to the Wameru of northern Tanzania, other than both being avid farming Bantu communities.
Under their leader, Francisco Tenamaztle, the Caxcan were allied with the Zacatecos against the Spaniards during the Mixtón Rebellion in 1540-42.
In 1891 the United States established the San Manuel Reservation for the Serrano people, which took its name to honor of Chief Santos Manuel.
The tribe would also continue to help the settlers when their fort was attacked by hostile Indians later that same year.
However, a long history of trade and seafaring has resulted in a high degree of mixed blood ancestry among Moluccans.
There have been many notable Pashtun people throughout history.
There are two dialects of Abaza spoken in Karachay-Cherkessia: Ashkharua and Tapanta.
British residents living in smaller urban centres are mainly occupied in the textile and energy sectors.
Ethnic Gagauz people in Ukraine number around 31,923.
The word Oromo appeared in literature for the first time in 1893 and then slowly became common in the second half of the 20th century.
More generally, the term also refers to the inhabitants of the Walloon Region.
Some were settled at Rumah Ukit on the upper reaches of the Batang Balui or Balui River.
It also refers, more generally, to nationals and citizens of Vanuatu, whatever their ethnicity.
Northern and Western Greenlanders call themselves Inughuit and Kalaallit, respectively.
The people suffered severely from the introduction of Eurasian infectious diseases, to which they had no immunity.
Mexican immigration to Costa Rica comprises people who emigrated from Mexico to Costa Rica and their descendants.
Today, the Caddo Nation of Oklahoma is a federally recognized tribe with its capital at Binger, Oklahoma.
At that time they spoke a variety of related languages.
The Kewat are a Hindu caste, found in the states of Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh ,Bihar and Uttar Pradesh in India.
Their culture has been documented by indigenous scholars Lamu Gatusa, Latami Dashi, Yang Lifen and He Mei.
26,980 Indonesians had immigrated to Taiwan through international marriage, mostly female, and some had naturalized into ROC citizenship.
Dhothar is a village in Ludhiana District, Punjab, India.
They are grouped together with the Me'en and Suri by the Ethiopian government under the name Surma.
Some time after 1645, his brother Kondeleng Ubashi migrated to the Volga, joining the Kalmyks.
Today, they are all known as Eveni.
Most Azerbaijanis living in Germany have emigrated there from the south of Turkey, Iran, and Azerbaijan.
Newar rule in Nepal Mandala ended with its conquest by the Gorkha Kingdom in 1768.
Between 1886 and 1914, around one in four Lithuanians emigrated from Lithuania, with most of those leaving doing so in the 1890s and 1900s.
Soninke people were the founders of the ancient empire of Ghana c. 750-1240 CE.
They called themselves Wassammassaw and over the decades intermarried with neighbors of other ethnicities.
Russians in Ukraine — the largest ethnic minority in the country, which community forms the largest single Russian diaspora in the world.
The first Cape Verdean immigrants arrived aboard ships which would pick up passengers in Cape Verde.
In 2014, the Thai government announced plans to repatriate Burmese refugees who have been living in border camps for the past 2 decades.
The name Cornwall and its demonym Cornish are derived from the Celtic Cornovii tribe.
Some practice sardine-seining along the Mediterranean coast.
Izzi is a northeastern Igbo subgroup, in southeastern Nigeria.
Some 203,139 Australians claim Lebanese ancestry, either alone or in combination with another ancestry.
They comprise almost 4,000 inhabitants and speak the Huaorani language, a linguistic isolate that is not known to be related to any other language.
The Osage Nation is a Midwestern Native American tribe of the Great Plains who historically dominated much of present-day Missouri, Arkansas, Kansas, and Oklahoma.
The term Franco-Saskatchewanian may also be used on occasion, although in practice it is rare due to its length and unwieldiness.
Major Shakespeare, the then first Superintendent of Lushai Hills said that Paite dialect is unintelligible to Lushai.
Slovenes mostly immigrated to America during the Slovene mass emigration period from the 1880s to World War I.
According to the most recent census, the people of Wolayta number 1.7 million, or 2.31 percent of the country's population, of whom 289,707 are city-dwellers.
Due to differing language and immigration history, Sakhalin Koreans may or may not identify themselves as Koryo-saram.
Recent estimates put the Salvadoran population as high as 2 million, as of 2013.
Apart from that the Singkil people have intermarried with the neighbouring ethnic group of people like Acehnese people and Minangkabau people.
At the beginning of the 9th – 13th Centuries, the Khori-Tumed lived near the western side of Lake Baikal.
The most widespread religion among Belarusians are Roman Catholicism and Orthodox.
They have four major religious subgroups, including Bengali Muslims, Bengali Hindus, Bengali Christians and Bengali Buddhists.
In Cambodia, they are grouped under the heading Khmer Loeu, referring to non-Khmer ethnic groups.
The Bainuk people are an ethnic group that today lives primarily in Senegal as well as in parts of Gambia and Guinea-Bissau.
The land of Asmat is located both within and adjacent to Lorentz National Park and World Heritage Site, the largest protected area in the Asia-Pacific region.
Their population was estimated at 330,000 in the two countries in 2010.
The majority of Shia Kuwaitis are of Iranian descent.
There are about 77,933 Filipino workers in Taiwan, with 53,868 of them working in the manufacturing sector and 22,994 people working as caregivers.
Barbadian Canadians or Bajan Canadians refers to Canadian citizens of Barbadian descent or Barbados-born people who resides in Canada.
The Mexica or Mexicas were an indigenous people of the Valley of Mexico, known today as the rulers of the Aztec Empire.
More than 50% of the Jewish population is of at least partial Mizrahi descent.
There is Georgian restaurant "Adria" in the city of Vilnius.
Pardo Brazilians represent a wide range of skin colours and backgrounds.
Sauk-Suiattle, or Sah-Ku-Me-Hu, is a federally recognized Native American tribe in western Washington state in the United States.
Chinese sources associate them with the earlier Dingling.
The number of Austrians living in the state of Victoria peaked in the 1960s at 8,615, then declined in the decades to come.
In a more general sense, the Nilotic peoples include all descendants of the original Nilo-Saharan speakers.
When this article describes Vietnamese living in Norway, it primarily means persons with two parents born in Vietnam.
Melanesian features are strongest in the islands of Kei and Aru and amongst the interior people of Seram and Buru islands.
In 2010, the American Community Survey stated that there were 95,003 Americans living in the US with Cape Verdean ancestors.
Within the City of Buenos Aires, they reside mainly in the neighbourhoods of Flores, Villa Soldati, Villa Lugano, Liniers and Nueva Pompeya.
Peruvian Americans are Americans of Peruvian descent.
They belong to ethics Paharis in Nepal and Indian Brahmins in India.
There is a population of Pakistanis in France, primarily of Punjabi origin from Punjab and Azad Kashmir.
The Prekmurje Slovenes are Slovenes from Prekmurje in Slovenia and Vendvidék and Somogy in Hungary.
Diverse immigration has brought more mixed-race people into the United States, such as the large population of Hispanics identifying as mestizos.
Cypriot Americans are Americans of full or partial Cypriot ancestry.
They are known to have developed Judeo-Malayalam, a dialect of Malayalam language.
The cities of Birjand, Mashhad, and Nishapur are home to large groups of Khorasan Arabs.
The Tiv are the 4th largest ethnic group in Nigeria.
There were estimated to be 10,000 Chinese people living and working in Pakistan as of 2009.
The Shawnee are an Algonquian-speaking ethnic group indigenous to North America.
They are referred to as the ʾAʿrāb in the Quran.
Today, Muslim Rajputs can be found in Northern India, Kashmir, as well as Punjab and Sindh in Eastern Pakistan.
Turks in Israel are either Turkish people who live in Israel even though having been born outside Israel, or are Israeli-born, but have Turkish roots.
As per article 366(2) of the Indian Constitution, an Irish Indian can be categorized as an Anglo-Indian.
They primarily live in the Arab states in Western Asia, North Africa, the Horn of Africa and western Indian Ocean islands.
Formerly the word Tinneh was employed to designate the Alaskan Athabaskans, this word being taken from their own language and signifying simply "men" or "people".
Often, the peninsulares possessed large quantities of land.
They are found mostly in Santhal Parganas.
The Teryukhans recognize the term Mordva as pertaining to themselves, whereas the Qaratay also call themselves Muksha.
To avoid confusion with the original usage of the term mestizo, mixed people started to be referred to collectively as castas.
However, unofficial records put the East-Indian community from Guyana, Suriname and Trinidad and Tobago over 50,000.
In addition, Romania has people from Arab countries, who have the status of refugees or illegal immigrants trying to immigrate to Western Europe.
Some slave censuses detailed the large number of Igbo slaves on various plantations throughout the island on different dates throughout the 18th century.
There are also people living in Nicaragua who are not Nicaraguans because they were not born or raised in Nicaragua nor have they gained citizenship.
In the same way, they established English families in other areas of the country, such as Santiago, Coquimbo, the Araucanía, and Chiloé.
The Seneca are a group of indigenous Iroquoian-speaking people native to North America who historically lived south of Lake Ontario.
Most Brasiguayos are mainly ethically White of German, Italian, and Polish descent.
The Kheng people are an ethnic group of Bhutan, found primarily in the Zhemgang, Trongsa and Mongar Districts of south-central Bhutan.
No decision can be taken without their consent.
The majority are recent arrivals and are involved in ISAF operations, construction companies or humanitarian aid projects.
Today, the Eskaya are officially classified as an Indigenous Cultural Community under The Indigenous Peoples Rights Act of 1997.
Following the war, many politicians in Argentina proposed splitting the country between two of the victors, Brazil and Argentina.
The 2001 census recorded 56,112 people born in Ghana living in the UK, and by 2011 this figure was 95,666.
Arab Christians are not the only Christian group in the Middle East, with significant non-Arab indigenous Christian communities of Chaldeans, Arameans, Armenians and others.
The Rajper or Rajpar is a Sindhi tribe in Sindh province, Pakistan.
Nepalis in Thailand comprise migrants from Nepal to Thailand, including expatriates and permanent residents, as well as their locally born descendants.
Their name is also spelled Kamayura and Kamaiurá; it means "a raised platform to keep meat, pots and pans."
As of 2013, people of African descent are the majority ethnic group in Saint Lucia, accounting for 82.5% of the country's population.
Pakistanis in London form the largest concentrated community of British Pakistanis; immigration from regions which now form Pakistan predate Pakistan's independence.
As a result, the continuation of past traditions has been hindered.
The Métis in the United States are a Métis people in the United States, who trace their descent to Native Americans and white settlers.
They refer to themselves as Wolof, and speak the Wolof language – a West Atlantic branch of the Niger-Congo family of languages.
Only 958 Jews had joined the Bolshevik Party before 1917; thousands joined after the Revolution.
The Kamëntsá are an indigenous people of Colombia.
According to the Overseas Pakistanis Foundation, their population is estimated at 11,000 in 2004-2005.
Then the post Rai was provided to the topmost leaders of the region.
Hopi is a concept deeply rooted in the culture's religion, spirituality, and its view of morality and ethics.
In 2003, there were an estimated 15,000 people of Asian descent, living in Uganda compared to approximately 80,000 before 1972.
From early on Ijuí was settled by peoples of different ethno-linguistic backgrounds, unlike some other towns in the region.
American Jews, also known as Jewish Americans, are Americans who are Jews, either by religion, ethnicity, or nationality.
Their homeland is the diamond-rich Kono District in eastern Sierra Leone.
Since the mid-twentieth century, the Choctaw have created new institutions, such as a tribal college, housing authority, and justice system.
During the Second World War the Kelabit, like other natives of Borneo, were co-opted by the Allies into fighting the Japanese.
The Mangka'ak are an indigenous ethnic group residing in Sabah, eastern Malaysia on the island of Borneo.
They are organized as a federally recognized tribe in Maine and as a First Nations band government in the Atlantic provinces.
They may be assimilated in the Polish population, but Belarusian culture has not firmly disappeared in the whole of Poland since World War II.
Bessarabian Jews have been living in the area for some time.
Indeed, the 20 most common surnames in Argentina are Spanish.
India is one of the three countries in the world where Hinduism is the majority.
The Kakchikel recorded their history in the book Annals of the Cakchiquels, also known as Memorial de Sololá.
When the Ye'kuana wish to refer to themselves, they use the word So'to, which can be translated as "people", "person".
The majority of Koreans in Japan are Zainichi Koreans, often known simply as Zainichi, who are the permanent ethnic Korean residents of Japan.
Cape Malays are an ethnic group or community in South Africa.
The languages are still almost mutually intelligible even though the two groups have lived in locales hundreds of kilometres apart for several centuries.
The Chhimba Darzi are a Muslim community, found in the province Punjab, Pakistan.
They are concentrated in the Darfur region, where they are the largest tribe.
They speak the Lampung language, a Lampungic language estimated to have 1.5 million speakers.
Today they are enrolled in the federally recognized Peoria Tribe of Indians of Oklahoma.
In 1694, they were organized into the Zasaghtu Khan aimag's Erdeni Degüregchi Wang khoshuu.
In 1950s, more Indians migrated to Iran and settled primarily in Tehran.
This area also contains German and European headquarters of large Korean companies such as Kia Motors, Hyundai, Samsung Electronics, LG International, SK Network.
Wincenty Pol in his survey of Gorals in the middle of the 19th century subdivided silesian Gorals into 4 groups:
Mexican Canadians are Canadian citizens of Mexican ancestry or a Mexican-born person who resides in Canada.
Nevertheless, in Sabah, Kalimantan and Brunei, the term Lun Bawang is gaining popularity as a unifying term for this ethnic across all region.
Other centers are in Florida, Texas, the Bahamas, and northern Mexico.
They are closely related to the Tày and the Zhuang.
The major ethnic group of the Chin people are the Zomi.
Together with Guale survivors, 89 "mission Indians" evacuated with the Spanish to Cuba in 1763, after they ceded the territory to Great Britain.
Turks of Western Thrace are ethnic Turks who live in Western Thrace, in the province of East Macedonia and Thrace in Northern Greece.
After pushing out other tribes, the Iroquois kept control of the area as a hunting ground.
For its purposes, the U.S. Census also counts Indigenous Australians as part of this group.
Afghan Canadians are from various ethnic groups from Afghanistan and are able to fluently speak Dari, Pashto or Turkmen.
There are a few Olots in Hulunbuir region and 40,000?
Taos Pueblo is an ancient pueblo belonging to a Tiwa-speaking Native American tribe of Puebloan people.
About 100,000 people identify themselves as Eloyi.
The Berber identity is usually wider than language and ethnicity, and encompasses the entire history and geography of North Africa.
The Armenians in Bangladesh are ethnic Armenians who lived in what is now called Bangladesh.
Armenia is represented in Serbia through its embassy in Athens, Greece.
Many of their villages can be visited by tourists on trekking tours from either of these cities.
Berbers are not an entirely homogeneous ethnicity and they encompass a range of societies and ancestries.
After the dissolution of Kurdistan Uyezd, many Kurds were deported to Turkmenistan.
Some of them are found scattered in places like Senapati, Ukhrul, Churachandpur, Tamenglong, Thoubal, Imphal East and West Districts of Manipur.
By Turkish roots, this could mean roots linking back to Turkey, the island of Cyprus or the communities of the Turkish diaspora.
Tamil cuisine is informed by varied vegetarian and non-vegetarian items usually spiced with locally available spices.
Argentina's population has long had one of Latin America's lowest growth rates and it also enjoys a comparatively low infant mortality rate.
Afro-Ukrainians or Black Ukrainians are Ukrainians of dark-skinned African or American descent, including Black people who have settled in Ukraine and their mixed-race children.
They speak the Kpelle language, which belongs to the Mande language family.
To emphasize their difference from the inhabitants of the valleys and highlanders, Muong call themselves "monglong", which means "people living in the center".
Bhattarai is a surname used by certain subgroup belonging to the Brahmin caste and natives of Nepal, Northeast India, Bhutan, and Myanmar.
Music too is divided into classical Carnatic form and many popular genres.
The Zimbabwean communities are localized, between other places, in California and Texas.
Interethnic marriage in the Lebanese community, regardless of religious affiliation, is very high; most community members have only one parent who has Lebanese ethnicity.
Culturally, the Khoisan are divided into the foraging San, or Bushmen, and the pastoral Khoi, or more specifically Khoikhoi, previously known as Hottentots.
A census by the Ministry of Interior Affairs in 2005 provided a total of 14,051 Muisca persons in Colombia.
The Kuršininkai are a nearly extinct Baltic ethnic group living along the Curonian Spit.
As of 2010, it is estimated that the population of the Perakian Malays in Perak are about 55.74% of the state's population.
In Syria today, one may still encounter Nawar encampments in rural areas.
Ghanaian Indians are Ghanaians and citizens of Indian origin or descent.
They live in the Southeast United States, along the border of North Carolina near the city of Rock Hill, South Carolina.
Toraja funeral rites are important social events, usually attended by hundreds of people and lasting for several days.
Secondly, it was a disaster for the Natchez and Yazoo.
In South Pulau Laut District, Kota Baru Regency, the Mandarese practice the Mappando'esasi ceremony.
The Tzeltal people are the largest indigenous group, mostly located in the highlands or Los Altos region of the Mexican state of Chiapas.
Bokota Indians live in the same region as the Teribe or Naso Indians.
In addition, a small number of Khanzada are also found in the Terai region of Nepal.
The Kaigani are part of the Central Council Tlingit Haida Indian Tribes of Alaska government.
Originally, Ghomaras are a Berber tribal group belonging to the Masmouda confederacy.
Post-war Malta in general did not accept refugees from Egypt.
It is the largest of the three federally recognized Seminole governments, which include the Seminole Tribe of Florida and the Miccosukee Tribe of Indians of Florida.
Cape Verdeans in the Netherlands consist of migrants from Cape Verde to the Netherlands and their descendants.
The term "the Hemshin" is also used in some publications to refer to Hemshinli.
They are a Coast Salish people of indigenous peoples of the Pacific Northwest.
According to 2001 Census of India, the population of Kom is 14,602.
Nama are an African ethnic group of South Africa, Namibia and Botswana.
Russian Chileans form a minor part of the Russian diaspora and a small group in comparison to the other ethnic groups in Chile.
In general, as family vocations and businesses are inherited, priesthood is also inherited among Brahmin priestly families.
The Spanish founded Mission San Gabriel Arcangel in 1771, south of the San Gabriel Mountains and southwest of the San Bernardino Mountains.
The dress of the Lhop resembles the Lepcha, but they bear little similarity with the Bhutia in the North and the Toto in the west.
Other notable parts of the Waawa clan include Nkanu, Nsukka, Abia, Nike, and other communities in Enugu State.
The Mossi are the largest ethnic group in Burkina Faso, constituting more than 40% of the population, or about 6.2 million people.
All of the tribes are believed to have the same birthplace: Aztlan.
The Sakalava are one of the smaller ethnic groups, constituting about 6.2 percent of the total population, that is over 1,210,000 in 2014.
Captain John Smith reported contact with these Indians.
Towards the end of the Mamluk dynasty, the Hawwara and Arabs began cooperating to kill Mamluks.
The Cloverdale Rancheria of Pomo Indians of California is a federally recognized tribe of Pomo Indians in California.
Filipinos in Egypt consist of migrant workers in a variety of sectors, as well as a smaller number of international students.
According to the latest census however, this population doesn't rise above 2.7%.
In Mongolian chronicles, they were called seven Tumeds or twelve Tumeds.
In the 2000 census, 16,268 people identified themselves as Darkhad.
According to the 2010 census there are 19,439 Americans of Bhutanese descent.
The Ukits are generally supposed to be the wildest specimens of the human race yet met with in Borneo.
The New Order government dismantled the pillars of ethnic Chinese identity in favor of assimilation policies as a solution to the "Chinese Problem".
Smaller areas extend into Ramsey, Wells and Nelson counties.
The Dörbets are distributed among the western provinces of Mongolia, Kalmykia, and in a small portion in Heilongjiang, China.
This Maghrebi element peaks among Tunisian Berbers.
Archived from the original on 16 January 2013.
The Greek presence is attested by several place names, and the close ties between Greeks and the Lebanese Greek Orthodox communities.
An Act was passed in 1983 by the United States Congress, which recognized them as a distinct subgroup of the Kickapoo Tribe of Oklahoma.
Those who reside in the smaller geographical region of Herzegovina usually prefer to identify as Herzegovinians.
People identifying as Atakapa-Ishak had a gathering in 2006.
The Hindus in West Bengal mostly belong to the Vaishnavite, Shakta and Shaivite denominations.
Among other tribes, a range of 41 to 45% of people have accepted such offers.
In contrast to most Tunisians, who identify with the Arab culture and identity, the Jerba identify as Berbers.
They were the largest indigenous group in that area and consisted of about 35 chiefdoms, many leading thousands of people.
The country received the second largest number of French immigrants to South America after Argentina.
The Uinta Shoshone are the original inhabitants and are the treaty holders of the reservation.
They number 2.8 million and constitute one of the largest Jewish subethnic communities in Israel, in line with Mizrahi Jews and Sephardi Jews.
And also found in Northern states of Maharastra, Madhyapradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat, Odisha, West Bengal, Chandigarh.
The Mattole, including the Bear River Indians, are a group of Native Americans in California.
The Mahafaly are an ethnic group of Madagascar that inhabit the plains of the Betioky-Ampanihy area.
West Bengal is the homeland of Bengali Hindus which was created during the partition of India in 1947.
They are, however, not registered as Croatian immigrants.
They subsist by farming, fishing and hunting, and have almost no contact with the outside world.
Today, the Dâw are in a permanent contact with non-indigenous people, mostly in the nearby city, São Gabriel da Cachoeira.
Poumai Nagas are spread out over 100 villages that have been broadly divided into three blocks: Paomata, Lepaona and Chilivai.
They belong to the language family of Tai-Kadai peoples.
One Ais man in Jece had been taken away by the English to work as a diver on a wreck east of Cuba.
Fijian Australians refers to Australian citizens or residents of Australia who are of ethnic Fijian or Fijian-Indian descent.
Americans are citizens of the United States of America.
Chinese women in Dhaka have a reputation for running popular beauty parlours.
The Sika people are an Indonesian ethnic group native to the region of east central Flores between the Bloh and Napung Rivers.
Like all Timucua groups, they experienced significant demographic decline in the period of European contact, especially following raids by English-allied Indians from the north.
This led them to fight against the powerful Iroquois, whose confederacy was based in present-day New York.
With the Hunnic invasions of the 4th century, many Sarmatians joined the Goths and other Germanic tribes in the settlement of the Western Roman Empire.
Decimated by earlier smallpox epidemics, tribal warfare and social disruption, the Catawba declined markedly in number in the late eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.
