It was written by Dunne himself, as was the single's B-side "Sweet Woman of Mine", a song Dunne said that he preferred.
"Waar is de zon" was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1994, performed in Dutch by Willeke Alberti.
Nonetheless, the song was performed as written, profanities included.
However, the Maltese broadcaster TVM later changed it to "Walk on Water".
At the close of voting, it had received 54 points, placing 16th in a field of 28 and thus failing to qualify for the final.
It was released as a single in English as "Once in a Lifetime".
"Željo moja" was the song which represented Yugoslavia at the Eurovision Song Contest 1986 in Bergen, Norway.
This was Denmark's first entry since the Eurovision Song Contest 1966, an absence of twelve years.
"Tii" was the entry of Estonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004, performed by Neiokõsõ.
In 1999 "Croire" was included as a bonus track on Lara Fabian's eponymously titled debut album, originally released in 1991.
The Les Humphries Singers had had a series of hits Continental Europe and Scandinavia in the early 1970s, most notably "Mexico" and "Mama Loo".
Backing vocalist for Parfeny, Aliona Moon represented Moldova the next year.
Thus, the song was succeeded as Austrian representative by Manuel Ortega singing "Say a Word".
Russia participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2015 which took place on 21 November 2015, in Sofia, Bulgaria.
"The Party's Over" was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1976, performed in English by Sandra Reemer.
At the close of voting, it had received 71 points, placing 8th in a field of 23.
As the scoreboard of this Contest has never been released, definitive statements about scores and positions are impossible to make, however the song did not win.
The song qualified directly for the Eurovision final, but came last in the final receiving only five points from Albania.
At the close of voting, it had received 8 points, placing 21st in a field of 22.
Producer Nikša Bratoš, along with Dragan Brnas, made the arrangement of the song.
As the Netherlands had not finished the 2004 Contest in the top 10, the song was performed in the semi-final.
Lili Ivanova, a famous Bulgarian singer and also Hong Kong singress Rebecca Pan, covered the song in 1964.
With 116 points, Maimon was announced as the official Israeli representative for the Eurovision Song Contest 2005 in Kiev.
The song is a duet about the power of music itself.
In the Macedonian national finals, all Proeski's songs were performed in Macedonian.
"Verliebt in Dich" was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1995, performed in German by Stone & Stone.
The song is a love song, with Zdravko Čolić singing that the love between him and his lover was burning and was inside them.
It was sung by Vili Resnik and performed in Slovenian.
The song was performed eleventh on the night.
According to diggiloo.net, it is rumoured that the song is referring to petroleum, in the guise of a love song to a man called Pet'r Oil.
"April, april" is a song by Swedish singer Lill-Babs, that represented Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest 1961, performed in Swedish.
The song was performed sixth on the night, following Yugoslavia's Ljiljana Petrović with "Neke davne zvezde" and preceding Sweden's Lill-Babs with "April, April".
It was succeeded as Romanian representative at the 2004 Contest by Sanda with "I Admit".
The song was performed fourth on the night, following Spain's Victor Balaguer with "Llámame" and preceding Denmark's Ellen Winther with "Vuggevise").
At the close of voting, it had received 95 points, placing 7th in a field of 25.
The song was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 2006 Contest by Las Ketchup with "Un blodymary".
"Niemand heeft nog tijd" was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997, performed in Dutch by Mrs. Einstein.
In Portugal the single was released with a minor typing error on the front sleeve as "What's Another Year!"
She asks a series of questions about him, and wonders if this might be "the beginning of a crush".
The song was performed fifteenth on the night.
"Frei zu leben" was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990, performed in German by Chris Kempers and Daniel Kovac.
At the close of voting, it had received 150 points, placing 4th in a field of 25.
The song was performed twenty-fifth on the night, following Poland's Edyta Górniak with "To nie ja".
The song was performed first on the night, preceding Luxembourg's Vicky with "L'amour est bleu".
Xandra recorded the song in three languages, the original Dutch, English and German - all with the same title.
The song was composed by Andrej Babić and Aleksandar Valenčić, and vocals were performed by Martina Majerle.
It's written by Dario Farina, Michael Hoffmann and Cristiano Minellono and was released as a single on Baby Records catalogue#: 107320-100.
The song is a love ballad, with Justine explaining to her lover how much he means to her.
It was succeeded as Swedish representative at the 1995 contest by Jan Johansen with "Se på mej".
The song has also been covered by artist Ruth Jacott.
The song is a dramatic ballad, with Sørum expressing his desire to bring an unnamed person "high".
In 1990, it was remixed and released as a hit-single in Sweden.
"The Voice" was the winner of the Eurovision Song Contest 1996, performed in English by Eimear Quinn representing Ireland.
It was succeeded as Slovene representative at the 1998 contest by Vili Resnik with "Naj bogovi slišijo".
"Núna" was the Icelandic entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1995, performed in Icelandic by Bo Halldórsson.
As this was Georgia's Contest debut, Sopho was required to perform in the semi-final.
At the close of voting, it had received 4 points, placing 14th in a field of 18.
The other 3 judges gave 5, 6 and 7 points to the song.
"September, gouden roos" was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1961, performed in Dutch by Bob Benny.
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1974 Contest by Paulo de Carvalho with "E depois do adeus".
Williams also recorded an English-language version of her entry, under the title "I am the Lady".
She then describes how she would love herself in this situation, including asking for her own hand in marriage.
Composed by the band members, "Geef het op" was performed eighteenth on the night.
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1982 Contest by Kojo with "Nuku pommiin".
Due to poor performances, Austria was not permitted to take part in the 1998 Contest, but returned to the fold at the 1999 contest.
At the close of voting, it had received 71 points, placing 8th in a field of 23.
It appears that he is as despondent about the end of the relationship as he believes she will be, but no reason for it is offered.
at the Super Bowl XLVI halftime show.
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1980 Contest by Vesa-Matti Loiri with "Huilumies".
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1976 contest by Carlos do Carmo with "Uma flor de verde pinho".
"Start a Fire" is a song by Azerbaijani singer Dilara Kazimova.
The song was composed and conducted by Melih Kibar.
The song is sung from the perspective of a woman waiting for her lover to come to her.
Paker received 57 points for her performance, placing 12th in a field of 23.
Münchener Freihet also recorded the song in English, French and Spanish.
"Wer Liebe lebt" was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2001, performed in German and English by Michelle.
Straatdeuntje was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1957, performed in Dutch by Bobbejaan Schoepen.
The song was succeeded as Contest winner in 1962 by Isabelle Aubret singing "Un premier amour" for France.
"Brazil" was a song of the Eurovision Song Contest 1991, performed in Serbo-Croatian by Bebi Dol, representing Yugoslavia.
The song is a ballad, with Sondak singing to his lover and telling her that whatever is troubling her should not be dwelled upon.
Aufray also recorded his entry in German, as "Das alles geht vorbei", and Spanish, as "La primavera llegó".
It was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 2001 contest by Michelle with "Out On My Own".
It received no points, placing joint last of 16 entries.
A five-time Grammy Award winner, Summer was the first artist to have three consecutive double albums reach No.
She sings that in her dreams she can be with her lover, even if this is not the case in the real world.
It represented Georgia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö, Sweden, coming 15th in the final with a total of 50 points.
She contrasts this situation with that of the rest of German society, for whom "a journey to the South is something chic and fine".
At the close of voting, it had received 14 points, placing 19th in a field of 23.
Linda Martin is an Irish singer and television presenter.
At the close of voting, the song had received 4 points, placing it ninth in a field of 11.
The song was performed first in the semi-final, preceding by Lithuania's Laura & The Lovers with "Little by Little".
The winning participant was selected by a 50/50 combination of both telephone vote and the votes of jury members made up of music professionals.
They describe their feelings during that relationship, and conclude that they should see each other again, aiming to "pick it up just like the first time".
Fittingly, the music is heavily inspired by early rock-n-roll.
The song "Mrs. Caroline Robinson" was the Austrian representative at the Eurovision Song Contest 1978, performed in German by Springtime.
"Nadlik Beyakhad Ner" was the Israeli entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002, performed in Hebrew and English by Sarit Hadad.
No commercial recording was ever made of the original Luxembourgish version by Camillo Felgen.
It was succeeded as the Netherlands representative at the 1970 contest by Hearts of Soul with "Waterman".
The song was performed fifth on the night, following Germany's Gitte with Junger Tag and preceding Monaco's Marie with Un train qui part.
The song was performed fourth on the night.
The song's lyrics describe the singer's appreciation for her lover who is lauded as "my number one" and "the only treasure I'll ever have".
The song is an upbeat number, with Soriat criticising her lover for taking her for granted.
The call is made to everyone in the world, rather than just those who know the needy person at the time.
It was succeeded as Slovene representative at the 1997 contest by Tanja Ribič with "Zbudi se".
"Telefon, Telefon" was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1957, performed in German by Margot Hielscher.
"Love Song" was the Polish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004, performed in English by Blue Café.
't Is genoeg, spelled in full Het is genoeg in the official Eurovision web site, was the Netherlands' entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1965.
"Der K und K Kalypso aus Wien" was the Austrian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1959, performed in German by Ferry Graf.
It was written by Victor Drobysh, Jussi-Pekka Järvinen and Mary Susan Applegate, produced by Victor Drobysh and Iosif Prigozhin.
This song can be found on Kaija Kärkinen's 1991 album Mustaa vettä.
The song was sung by 18-year-old Slovenian music newcomer Eva Sršen.
"Ben Adam" was the Israeli entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1988, performed in Hebrew by Yardena Arazi.
"I Evighet" was translated into Swedish, with the lyrics being co-written by Thorhild Nigar, Elisabeth Andreassen and Åsa Jinder and the title remaining the same.
"Don't Play That Song Again" reached No.34 on the UK Charts, the lowest chart placing for a British Eurovision entry since 1989.
"Portugal no coração" was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1977, performed in Portuguese by Os Amigos.
The song is often attested as Fairytales About Love, however this is the title of the English translation and not the version performed on the night.
The single reached No.13 in the UK during a seven-week chart run.
They were, however, readmitted in the following year.
It was succeeded as German representative at the 1992 Contest by Wind with "Träume sind für alle da".
It has been a member of NATO since 2004, and part of the European Union since 2007.
At the close of voting, it had received 78 points, placing 6th in a field of 18.
It was the United Kingdom's entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1963, held in London.
At the close of voting, it had received 128 points, placing 3rd in a field of 25.
Van Dijk also recorded the song in an English-language version, under the title "Breakaway".
At the close of voting, it had received 141 points, placing 2nd in a field of 22.
"Ne zori, zoro" was Macedonian  entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998, performed in Macedonian by Vlado Janevski.
"Nocturne" was the winning song in the Eurovision Song Contest 1995, performed in Norwegian by Secret Garden representing Norway.
It was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 1960 Contest by Rudi Carrell with "Wat een geluk".
"Mangup" was the Yugoslav entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1988, composed by Rajko Dujmić and Stevo Cvikić and sung by Srebrna Krila in Croatian.
Boom boom boomerang, snadderydangKangaroo, boogaloo, didgeridooDing dong, sing the song, hear the guitar twangKojak, hijack, me and you
It was succeeded as Irish representative at the 1981 Contest by Sheeba with "Horoscopes".
She also liked their music and what they represented.
"Dile que la quiero" was the Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2001, performed in Spanish by David Civera.
The song achieved moderate fame in Japan, where it was rerecorded in Japanese as "Kimi Wa Maiban No".
The song finished last, with only two points, from West Germany.
Raab is also known for his recurring role as producer, writer and performer of German entries to the Eurovision Song Contest beginning in 1998.
At the close of voting, it had received 100 points, placing 3rd in a field of 18.
At the close of voting, it had received 15 points, placing 18th in a field of 23.
It peaked at #3 at the Norwegian singles chart.
In 1971, each national broadcaster was required to show "preview" videos; the BBC used footage from It's Cliff Richard!
They end by making the admission that "We love each other a bit much and we believe it".
She suggests that he should "find yourself a Delilah".
As of 2012, Strøm still holds the record as the only artist in the history of Eurovision to have finished in last place twice.
"The Real Me" was the Irish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1989, performed in English by Kiev Connolly & The Missing Passengers.
Thus, the song was succeeded as Italian representative at the 1997 Contest by Jalisse with "Fiumi di parole".
This song was originally made for a jeans commercial.
It was written by John Waters and Tommy Moran.
The Hungarian title does appear in the Hungarian version.
"Marlène" was the Monegasque representative in the Eurovision Song Contest 1970, performed in French, English and German by French singer Dominique Dussault.
The song was performed fourth on the night, following Germany's Stone & Stone with "Verliebt in Dich" and preceding Norway's Secret Garden with "Nocturne".
On 23 March 2015 it was announced that Ireland would debut at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2015.
"Mama Corsica" is a song by French singer Patrick Fiori, written in Corsican and French and composed by François Valéry.
Sveriges Radio however decided that Berggren would perform the song at the Eurovision Song Contest for Sweden.
The verses are memorable for the repetition of the French phrase "sans raison" at the end of each line.
At the close of voting, it had received 64 points, placing 8th in a field of 22.
Following the poor results, the Czech Republic would not participate in the Eurovision Song Contest again until the 2015 contest.
"Dentro di me" was the Swiss entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1997, composed and sung by Barbara Berta in Italian.
Best placing of 13th was also achieved, in comparison to two 18th ones.
"Chcę znać swój grzech..." was the Polish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996, performed in Polish by Kasia Kowalska.
The works contained in this list refer to those found primarily in the following two series of the New Schubert Edition edition:
They were Kaire Vilgats, Liisi Koikson, Dagmar Oja, Airi Allvee and Jelena Juzvik.
Mardel also wrote the lyric and the melody was composed by Françoise Dorin.
"Addio, addio" was the Italian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1962, performed in Italian by Claudio Villa.
At the close of voting, it had received 60 points, placing 9th in a field of 22.
At the close of voting, it had received 15 points, placing 16th in a field of 19.
It was succeeded as German representative at the 1998 Contest by Guildo Horn with "Guildo hat euch lieb!
The song was performed thirteenth on the night.
In the semifinal, the song was performed fourth, following Switzerland's Piero Esteriore & The MusicStars with "Celebrate" and preceding Israel's David D'Or with "Leha'amin".
The song was performed first on the night.
It was the second time Norway won the contest, after it had won in 1985 with Bobbysocks!
At the close of the voting the song had received 44 points, placing 13th in a field of 23.
"Mysterious Woman" was the Irish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997, performed in English by Marc Roberts.
Unusually, there was another entry that year with a similar title - Michelle singing "Out On My Own" for the Netherlands.
At the close of voting, it had received 226 points, placing 1st in a field of 25.
The song was written by Jean-Paul Cara and Joe Gracy, the team behind Marie Myriam's winning entry "L'oiseau et l'enfant" in the 1977 Contest.
was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998, performed in German by Guildo Horn & Die Orthopädischen Strümpfe.
The Spanish entry was selected through the national final Mira quién va a Eurovisión, which was organised by the Spanish broadcaster Televisión Española.
One of the chorus girls supposed to be Wencke Myhre, who resigned in order to participate in the German preselection of 1983 instead.
Here, it was performed fifth, following Latvia's Vocal Group Cosmos with "I Hear Your Heart" and preceding Spain's Las Ketchup with "Un Blodymary".
Íme ánthropos ki egó was the Cypriot entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1994, performed in Greek by Evridiki.
They realise, for example, that "I would've wanted you too".
Following The Netherlands' withdrawal from the 1991 Contest, however, Malta was able to take up the vacant position.
Nicole & Hugo recorded the song in Dutch, English, French and German, and in the 2000s it was given the dance remix treatment.
"Missä miehet ratsastaa" is a song by Teräsbetoni which was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2008.
"Não sejas mau para mim" was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986 performed in Portuguese by Dora.
"I Can't Live Without Music" was succeeded as German representative at the 2003 Contest by Lou with "Let's Get Happy".
"Nætur" was the Icelandic entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1994, performed in Icelandic by Sigga.
"Intet er nytt under solen" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1966, performed in Norwegian by Åse Kleveland.
"La Mirada Interior" was the Andorran entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005, performed in Catalan by Marian van de Wal.
The song is in the chanson style, popular at the early Contest.
The song was performed twenty-fifth on the night, following Israel's Sarah'le Sharon & The Shiru Group with "Shiru".
Despite being one of the fan favourites, the entry ended up second last in semi final two, scoring just 19 points.
It received 3 points, placing 14th in a field of 17, along with Germany, Portugal and Norway.
The song is sung from the perspective of a woman explaining herself to a lover.
"Le temps perdu" was the first French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1956, performed in French by Mathé Altéry.
"Lapponia" afforded Aspelund a #5 hit in Finland and also reached #5 in Sweden.
“Let Me Cry” was Bulgaria’s entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006, performed in English by Mariana Popova.
It did, however appear on a few rare one track promo CDs.
It was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 1981 Contest by Linda Williams with "Het is een wonder".
The song represented France at the Eurovision Song Contest 2008.
"Angelique" was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1961, performed in Danish by Dario Campeotto.
At the close of voting, it had received 92 points, placing it 6th in a field of 18.
It was succeeded as Irish representative at the 1990 Contest by Liam Reilly with "Somewhere in Europe".
It was written and produced by Stephan Berg.
At the close of voting, it had received 157 points, placing 5th in a field of 24.
It was succeeded as Cypriot representative at the Eurovision Song Contest 1984 by Andy Paul with "Anna Maria Lena".
The song is a ballad, with Rock pleading with a former lover to return to him.
The song was performed by Kirby at Eurovision 1965, held in Naples on March 21, 1965.
Same year Anastazio was voted by the readers of the Flash magazine in Cyprus as artist of the year.
It was succeeded as the Hungarian representative at the 2007 Contest by Magdi Rúzsa with Unsubstantial Blues.
The song consists of an English-sung first verse, chorus and bridge, and its second verse and chorus are sung in Hebrew.
"Everything I Want" was the Croatian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002, performed in English by Vesna Pisarović.
This was the only occasion on which Ireland performed it in Irish in its very own language.
The three female dancers wore short floral dresses and were slightly more mobile than this.
The single spent six weeks atop the US adult contemporary chart.
At the close of voting, it had received the dreaded nul points, placing 13th in a field of 16.
It was succeeded as French representative at the 1964 Contest by Rachel with "Le chant de Mallory".
Swedish dansband and pop singer Lotta Engberg won the Swedish Melodifestivalen 1987 in Sweden with this song.
"Boom Boom Boomerang" was the Austrian representative in the Eurovision Song Contest 1977, performed in German by Schmetterlinge.
They ask each other why it needs to end and wonder if the love was "only a foolish lie".
The song was succeeded as Turkish representative at the 1990 contest by Kayahan with "Gözlerinin Hapsindeyim".
It received a total of 132 points, placing 8th in a field of 25.
It was succeeded as Maltese representative at the 2003 Contest by Lynn with "To Dream Again".
It was chosen as the winner of a preliminary Danish song contest by a jury of music professionals.
Thus, the song was succeeded as Romanian representative at the 2002 Contest by Monica Anghel & Marcel Pavel with "Tell Me Why".
The song, written by Minus One and Thomas G:son, represented Cyprus in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016.
The BBC commentary of the contest likened Anghel to Ruby Wax due to her hairstyle.
the song produced by Offer Nissim with music arrangements by Alon Levin.
It was Bosnia and Herzegovina's worst result in the Eurovision final since 1997.
He explains that what she sees is "the real me", and that she needs to take it or leave it.
The song was performed nineteenth on the night.
At the time, it was one of the few entries that managed to receive 100 points without receiving any 12 point allotments from any jury.
"Boum Badadoum" is part of the long Eurovision tradition of nonsensical titles and lyrics.
On 1 July 2015 it was confirmed that the internally selected 15-year-old Jana Mirković was chosen.
At the close of voting, it had received 73 points, placing 14th in a field of 18.
The song was performed 21st on the night, following Russia's Alla Pugacheva with "Primadonna" and preceding France's Fanny with "Sentiments songes".
Rombley begins by telling her lover that she has been "trying to let you go", but finds this impossible.
The song was performed fourth on the night, following Norway's Tor Endresen with "San Francisco" and preceding Ireland's Marc Roberts with "Mysterious Woman".
The song is a ballad, with Dimitras telling the summer moon about how it makes him feel.
This result was something of a surprise, as Ireland had won the previous 3 Contests.
The song was succeeded as Austrian representative at the 1992 Contest by Tony Wegas singing "Zusammen geh'n".
The song is a ballad, with Williams singing about the effect that meeting her lover has had on her.
At the close of voting, the performance had received 20 points, placing it 13th in a field of 18.
At the close of voting, it had received 5 points, placing 24th in a field of 26.
She was criticized in the media and broadcaster NBC and the National Football League issued apologies.
The song was performed third on the night, following Monaco's Colette Deréal with "Allons, allons les enfants" and preceding Finland's Laila Kinnunen with "Valoa ikkunassa".
The song was performed in English and contained parts in Spanish.
They remember growing up and listening to the popular music of the time and generally being trendy.
"Addicted to You" was also voted the best 2002 Eurovision entrant by the Eurovision Fanclub.
Former Deutsch Number – information on Deutsch numbers that have been reassigned, when applicable
The song was performed sixteenth on the night, following Switzerland's Piera Martell with "Mein Ruf nach dir" and preceding Italy's Gigliola Cinquetti with "Sì".
In 1976 they had written Richard Clayderman's multimillion-selling instrumental "Ballade pour Adeline".
On the night, the song performed twelfth.
The group comprised two female singers, a blonde and a brunette, a male pianist, two male guitarists and a female backing singer.
They would return to provide backing at the next Swedish based contest, in Gothenburg 1985, backing Vikki Watson's "Love Is" for the UK.
For two seasons of the Estonian hit comedy talk show "Rahva Oma Kaitse", the Estonian version was featured as the end title piece.
Mija managed to earn Turkey's maximum, 12 points accumulated into her final score.
The song was performed fifth on the night, following Norway's Haldor Lægreid with "On My Own" and preceding Russia's Mumiy Troll with "Lady Alpine Blue".
"Sol och vår" is a song by Swedish singer Inger Berggren, that represented Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest 1962, performed in Swedish.
The song was succeeded as Russian representative by Natalia Podolskaya with "Nobody Hurt No One".
The song was performed sixth on the night.
It was the Serbian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 held in Moscow, Russia.
At the close of voting, it had received 37 points, placing 13th in a field of 19.
The song was performed second on the night, following Poland's Justyna with "Sama" and preceding Germany's Stone & Stone with "Verliebt in Dich".
It appears that she can never be with them, however the reason for this is never explained.
It represented Lithuania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2012.
At the close of voting, it had received 18 points, placing equal first in a field of 16.
At the close of voting, it had received 118 points, placing 4th of 23.
"Avrei voluto" was the Italian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1989, performed in Italian by Anna Oxa & Fausto Leali.
At the close of voting, it had received the dreaded nul points, earning the Netherlands the unwanted distinction of failing to score in two consecutive years.
"Rockapops" is a term coined by Mumiy Troll frontman Ilia Lagutenko to describe the style of the music performed by himself and his peers.
Neefs also recorded the song in English and German.
Due to the poor placing, Denmark was not invited to participate in the 2003 contest, but was permitted to return in the next year's show.
The song was performed ninth on the night, following Luxembourg's David Alexandre Winter with "Je suis tombé du ciel" and preceding Monaco's Dominique Dussault with "Marlène".
The lyrics even contain a reference to Star Trek, with the line "sex with you passes by as fast as Starship Enterprise".
A documentary on BBC One showing behind the scenes of the contest, featured Tüzmen trying to keep the song within the three minutes limit in rehearsals.
At the close of voting, it had received 58 points, placing 17th in a field of 17.
This was the first - and to date, the only - occasion on which the Tahitian language was used at the Contest.
Due to poor performances, Austria was not able to enter the 2001 Contest, however they were permitted to enter the 2002 edition.
Paião satirizes the "singing in playback", which he explains is in fact miming to pre-recorded music.
"Hallo Hallo" was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990, performed in Danish by Lonnie Devantier.
The song was written by Ralph Siegel and Bernd Meinunger.
In the semi-final, it was performed fifteenth.
It later on won the Marcel Bezençon award for best composition.
The song compares the love from the conception of a child to patriotic love.
"Waterloo" is the first single from the Swedish pop group ABBA's second album, Waterloo and their first under the Epic and Atlantic labels.
The song is a ballad, with Farrell singing to a former lover.
The song was performed seventeenth on the night, following Portugal's Nucha with "Há sempre alguém" and preceding Sweden's Edin-Ådahl with "Som en vind".
"Sobran las palabras was the Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1976, performed in Spanish by Braulio.
The song was succeeded as Turkish representative at the 1995 contest by Arzu Ece with "Sev".
As the song progressed, however, her backing dancers emerged from underneath the dress, and she eventually discarded it to reveal a tight silver outfit.
"Die Welt dreht sich verkehrt" was the Austrian representative at the Eurovision Song Contest 1995, performed in German by Stella Jones.
The song was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1980 contest by Paola with "Cinéma".
"Another Summer Night" was the Maltese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2001, performed in English by Fabrizio Faniello.
The song charted in Romania and Russia.
It received 31 points, placing it first in a field of ten.
It was performed in German and Italian.
"Para llenarme de ti" was performed first on the night, preceding Austria's Tie Break with "Du bist".
Despite this fact, it is considered to be one of the most successful Greek eurosongs.
"Deixa-me sonhar"") was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2003 in Riga, Latvia, performed in Portuguese and English by Rita Guerra.
Their visual appearance at the national contest was co-designed by Uroš Belantic and Meta Podkrajšek from the Diggiloo Thrush.
The song was performed first on the night preceding Luxembourg's Romuald with "Catherine" .
His second album was released in 2013. with "The Heights" as the first single.
The song is a ballad, with Fabian singing that she wants to believe in the good of humanity, rather than its dark side.
It was succeeded as Icelandic representative at the 2004 contest by Jónsi with Heaven.
"Io così non ci sto", was the Swiss entry in Eurovision Song Contest 1983 performed in Italian by Mariella Farré.
It was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 1966 Contest by Åse Kleveland with "Intet er nytt under solen".
It was performed in English by Jostein Hasselgård.
"De oude muzikant" was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1973, performed in Dutch by Ben Cramer.
The song was performed seventh on the night.
All ten seasons of Friends ranked within the top ten of the final television season ratings; ultimately reaching the No.
Nei eða já was the Icelandic entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, performed in Icelandic by Heart 2 Heart.
At the close of voting, it had received 19 points, placing twenty-first in a field of twenty three.
"Cake to Bake" is a song by Latvian band Aarzemnieki.
To promote the album, frontman Jona Bechtolt performed a live show on a yacht.
However, in the event, it was awarded just nine points and finished second from last.
By doing this, he points out, one does not have to risk singing out of tune or missing notes.
It was succeeded as the Estonian representative at the 2005 contest by Suntribe with "Let's Get Loud".
It was succeeded as Belgian representative at the 1991 Contest by Clouseau performing "Geef het op".
At the close of voting, it had received 22 points, placing 3rd in a field of 18.
"Disco Tango" was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1979.
At the close of voting, it had received 106 points, placing 3rd in a field of 19.
It was succeeded as Yugoslavian representative at the 1962 Contest by Lola Novaković with "Ne pali svetlo u sumrak".
"Baila el Chiki-chiki" is a song by Rodolfo Chikilicuatre and Spain's entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2008, in Belgrade, Serbia.
The song was succeeded as Contest winner in 1957 by Corry Brokken representing the Netherlands singing "Net als toen".
The song was written by Han Harari and Gal Sarig.
The song, which had a gentle verse and catchy chorus, was about the power of dreams, and how nothing is impossible in dreams.
He tells her, for example, that "You're the light in the dark".
It was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 1962 Contest by De Spelbrekers with "Katinka".
At the close of the voting it had received 7 points, placing 8th in a field of 17.
It was succeeded as Greek representative at the 1979 Contest by Elpida with "Sokrati".
It was Moldova's entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013, held in Malmö, Sweden.
The song was performed seventh on the night, following Germany's Silver Convention with "Telegram" and preceding Portugal's Os Amigos with "Portugal no coração".
"Coisas de nada"") was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006, performed in Portuguese and English by Nonstop.
The song is a prayer to God for protection, with the title being derived from the word Amen, which is repeated frequently in the prayer.
The song was succeeded as Icelandic representative at the 1996 Contest by Anna Mjöll with "Sjúbídú".
Scoring 263 points, it was the first non-winning song in the contest, along with Greece's entry Shake it, to score over 200 points.
"HaSheket SheNish'ar" was the Israeli entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005, performed in English and Hebrew by Shiri Maimon.
The song was composed by Gordon Dent and sung by Daisy Auvray in French.
Guy Bonnet returned to the Contest in 1983, singing "Vivre".
"Feeling Alive" was the Cypriot entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2003, performed in English by Stelios Konstantas.
"To Trehandiri" was the Greek entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1994, performed in Greek by Kostas Bigalis & The Sea Lovers, i.e.
At the close of voting, it had received 65 points, placing 9th in a field of 20.
The song is a duet, in which both singers confess their love for each other.
The song is a dramatic ballad, with Kowalska asking a lover to tell her the reason for his coldness towards her.
This was Sheer's second Eurovision entry, in 1974 she had represented Luxembourg with "Bye Bye I Love You", then singing in French.
They were Rutti Holtzman, Lea Lupatin and Yardena Arazi.
Kirby also recorded the song as a single, and it peaked on the music charts at No.
Laß die Sonne in dein Herz was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1987, performed in German by Wind.
This was Vicky Leandros' second entry in the Contest.
We all have experienced in our lives that we just hurry, rush somewhere and at the certain moment there is a stop, jam or probka.
At the close of voting, it had received just 3 points and perhaps unjustly, the song came last, placing joint 14th in a field of 17.
Additionally, as the result followed on a second place and a victory, Norway achieved a dramatic reversal of fortunes.
In addition to this, Karel Gott also recorded a French version and two English versions.
Here, it was performed ninth, following Belarus' Angelica Agurbash with "Love Me Tonight" and preceding Iceland's Selma with "If I Had Your Love".
It was succeeded as Cypriot representative at the 2004 Contest by Lisa Andreas with "Stronger Every Minute".
"Kaelakee hääl" is a song performed by Maarja-Liis Ilus and Ivo Linna that represented Estonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996.
The costumes were identical apart from the colour- the blonde sister, Katja, appeared in green, and Virpi, the brunette, in pink.
The song was performed eighth on the night, following the Portugal's Carlos Mendes with "A festa da vida" and preceding Malta's Helen & Joseph with "L-imħabba".
As Estonia had not qualified for the final in their previous appearance, the song was performed in the semi-final.
"Dona" is a song performed by Macedonian singer-songwriter Kaliopi.
The song is a dramatic ballad, inspired by the coming of the new Millennium.
It was succeeded as British representative at the 1981 Contest by Bucks Fizz with "Making Your Mind Up".
"Vodka" is sung in English, but starts with the word Na Zdarovye, a supposedly Russian word for "Cheers!"
Romania lost several territories, of which Northern Transylvania was regained after the war.
Of these, only the Dutch version relates to the same topic.
"To the Sky" is a song by Macedonian Serbian singer Tijana.
She sings that this is a constant in the world, even outlasting the days and years which move forwards.
Vissi suggests that it is the best way of seeing the world, and sings that one can even go as far as China.
Composed by Sveinn Rúnar Sigurðsson and written by Magnús Thor Sigmundsson, the song is a dramatic ballad.
He attempts to tell her that people are not entirely good, despite what she believes.
Lombard also recorded the song in Dutch, German and Spanish.
"Playboy" was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1966, performed in Finnish by Ann Christine.
The song was performed fourth on the night.
Written and composed by Ralph Siegel and Bernd Meinunger, the song is an up-tempo number, with the singer expressing the joy she gets from hearing music.
As this was Belarus' debut entry, it was performed in the semi-final of that Contest.
"Give Me All Your Luvin'" received mixed reviews from music critics.
It performed ninth on the night, following Norway's Charmed with "My Heart Goes Boom" and preceding Belgium's Nathalie Sorce with "Envie de vivre".
The song was an ultimatum to a man who had frequently cheated on her, telling him to leave her for good.
Goran appeared dressed in a black suit.
The song was performed third on the night, following Switzerland's Henri Dès with "Retour" and preceding Yugoslavia's Eva Sršen with "Pridi, dala ti bom cvet".
"Petit bonhomme" was the Luxembourgish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1962, performed in French by Luxembourgish singer Camillo Felgen.
At the close of voting, it had received 1 point, placing it 11th in a field of 11.
"Hasta la Vista" is an English language song, by Belarusian Ruslan Alekhno.
The song is a ballad, with Cramer describing the titular "old musician", who lives in Paris.
The song was performed fourteenth on the night, following the Netherlands' Willeke Alberti with "Waar is de zon?"
Divine has been used in a Renault Mégane advertising.
The BBC commentator, Paddy O'Connell, for example, rendered the song as "Zlar E Flot".
The song is a ballad, with Trøan asking her listeners what they want their visions of the future to be.
Here, it was performed ninth, following Malta's Julie & Ludwig with "On Again... Off Again" and preceding Greece's Sakis Rouvas with "Shake It".
Following the death of Georg Elgaaen in 2005, the royalties of the song goes to the Norwegian Humanist Association, of which he was a member.
"Rapsodia" was succeeded as Italian representative at the 1993 Contest by Enrico Ruggeri with "Sole d'Europa".
The song was performed sixteenth on the night, following Portugal's Simone de Oliveira with "Desfolhada portuguesa".
At the close of voting, it had received 56 points, placing 9th in a field of 18.
Ebstein also recorded the song in English, French and Italian.
This was Russia's debut at the Contest, and consequently the first occasion on which the language was used onstage.
The astrologer told her the song performed 9th would win the competition in Dublin, Ireland.
It was the first song performed at the contest in the first semi-final but ultimately it failed to make the Eurovision final.
Ireland selected their Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2015 entry through Junior Eurovision Éire.
It was succeeded as Belgian representative in the 1990 Contest by Philippe Lafontaine singing "Macédomienne".
She started her singing career in 2001 at the University of Cyprus.
The song was a jazz number, which UK commentator Terry Wogan likened to the music of the recent jazz phenomenon, Jamie Cullum.
Gluhak was naturally taller than Topić, but her hairstyle and high-heeled boots resulted in a considerable height discrepancy.
The song is in the chanson style and features Leclerc describing his feelings for his lover.
It was performed by the rock group, Mumiy Troll.
The song is the theme tune for the BBC Three sitcom Him & Her.
At the close of voting, it had received 12 points, placing 5th in a field of 16.
"Warrior" is a song performed by Georgian singer-songwriter Nina Sublatti.
The song was released as a digital download on 11 March 2016 via Minus One Ltd.
It was succeeded as Israeli representative at the 1992 Contest by Dafna Dekel with "Ze Rak Sport".
At the close of voting, it had received 137 points, placing 2nd in a field of 19.
It received 185 points to place 3rd in the 25-song semi-final and qualify for the final.
Mention was also made of her background as a teacher, with Mangan suggesting that he would not mind being taught by her.
BBC commentary during the Contest explained that Schanke had participated in a reality-television show with a dancing theme, thus explaining the lyrics.
At the close of voting, it had received 57 points, placing 15th in a field of 24.
As Bosnia-Herzegovina had pre-qualified for the final, the song was performed twenty-first in the final.
She also reminds her lover that "so many hearts are broken by one little lie".
The song is a love ballad, likening the beloved to music - specifically a bewildering array of composers and dance styles.
At the close of voting, it had received 27 points, placing 16th in a field of 25.
", placed last in the field of ten.
As a result, Latvia's next Contest appearance would also be in the semi-final.
The song is a ballad, in which Wegas sings about the devotion two people can have for each other, likening it to the Odyssey.
It won for Belarus in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2005, held in Hasselt, Belgium scoring 149 points.
It was succeeded as Irish representative at the 1969 Contest by Muriel Day with "The Wages of Love".
The volcano is also urged to "renounce war", thus placing the song in the Contest tradition of pleas for peace.
In Israel it peaked on number 1.
The performance was likened to a radio jingle by some fans before the Contest took place.
The song was succeeded as UK entry at the 2000 contest by Nicki French with "Don't Play That Song Again".
The song was performed tenth on the night.
It was succeeded as Monegasque representative at the 1975 Contest by Sophie with "Une chanson c'est une lettre".
"Voltarei" was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1988, performed in Portuguese by Dora.
"Angel" was the Maltese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005, performed in English by Chiara.
It was succeeded as Yugoslavian representative at the 1981 Contest by Seid-Memić Vajta with "Lejla"
As Iceland had not finished the 2006 Contest in the top 10, the song was performed in the semi-final.
It is well-remembered for the backing singers' line of "Dunavom, Dunavom" immediately prior to the key change.
It was composed by Eurovision Song Contest 2004 runner-up Željko Joksimović from Serbia, and the lyrics were written by Fahrudin Pecikoza and Dejan Ivanović.
The song was performed 14th on the night, following Sweden's Forbes with "Beatles and preceding Italy's Mia Martini "Libera".
It competed in the second semi final on 14 May 2009 but failed to reach the final.
Anne was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 1975 contest by fellow Bendik Singer Ellen Nikolaysen with "Touch My Life".
Michelle wore a glittery, shocking pink gown for her Eurovision appearance.
Italy will participate in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2015 in Sofia, Bulgaria after winning in its first appearance in the 2014 contest.
At the close of voting, it had received 42 points, placing 10th in a field of 23.
In 1973 Turkish pop singer Nilüfer Yumlu brought out a Turkish-language version of the song, entitled "Göreceksin Kendini".
The instrumental break features the Irish uilleann pipes.
"Lykken er" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1971, performed in Norwegian by Hanne Krogh.
At the close of voting, it had received no points, placing 22nd and last in a field of 22.
"Party for Everybody" was the Russian entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 sung by Buranovskiye Babushki.
At the close of voting, it had received 50 points, placing 12th in a field of 22.
In the final, it was performed eleventh.
Backsing singer was at the performance Anabel Conde.
It was succeeded as Cypriot representative at the 1994 Contest by Evridiki with "Ime Anthropos Ki Ego".
It was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 1987 Contest by Kate with "Mitt liv".
The song is a moderately up-tempo number, with Sopho singing about how much she enjoys life.
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1964 Contest by Bjørn Tidmand with "Sangen om dig".
"Sommer i Palma" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1961, performed in Norwegian by Nora Brockstedt.
Wolf represented Hungary at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 with the song "What About My Dreams?".
The song is in the chanson mode popular at the early Contests and is in praise of music itself.
At the close of voting, it had received 67 points, placing 13th in a field of 23.
"Huilumies" was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980, performed in Finnish by Vesa-Matti Loiri.
At the close of voting, it had received 119 points, placing 3rd in a field of 18.
It was succeeded as the UK representative by Love City Groove and their eponymous song.
"Musik" was the Austrian entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1971, performed in Viennese by Marianne Mendt.
It was succeeded as Maltese representative at the 1993 Contest by William Mangion with "This Time".
It is performed in both English and Armenian and was Armenia's entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2008.
"Let's Get Loud" was the Estonian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005, performed in English by Suntribe.
It was succeeded as Luxembourgish representative at the 1963 Contest by Nana Mouskouri with "À force de prier".
It borders the Black Sea, Bulgaria, Ukraine, Hungary, Serbia, and Moldova.
The song was performed first on the night.
"Occhi di ragazza" was the Italian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1970, performed in Italian by Gianni Morandi.
The song is a plea from the singer for someone to "come to me".
The song deals with the parting of two lovers, with one apparently slated to be executed by firing squad while the other continues to live.
Two bilingual versions of the song were recorded with different English parts.
"Mižerja" is a Croatian song that was the Croatian entry for the 2013 Eurovision Song Contest.
The song was performed fourth on the night.
"Sonntag" was the Austrian representative in the Eurovision Song Contest 1982, performed in German by Mess.
However, only the French and Spanish versions have been heard.
Ellen Nikolaysen would perform solo in 1975 with the song "Touch My Life".
This was the second time that Paker had competed at Eurovision, having represented Turkey also at the 1996 contest with "Beşinci Mevsim".
The event took place at the Arena Armeec on 21 November 2015.
Garlick made her first steps into showbusiness when she was 16.
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1975 Contest by Pihasoittajat with "Old Man Fiddle".
The song is a ballad, with Fogli singing about the lengths he wants to go to in order to impress Lucia, his lover.
As befits the title, the song is a ballad, with Lenorman singing about the subject matter that crooners traditionally sing about.
The group then introduces her as an "everyday hero", suggesting that her monotonous life is more valuable than it might appear.
Thus, the song was succeeded as French representative at the 1983 Contest by Guy Bonnet with Vivre.
The song is a love duet, with the singers declaring that they believed they each would find a way to unite, despite the problems they faced.
Hence why there are two sets of English but only one Slovenian set.
"Amour on t'aime" is the song which represented Switzerland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1982, staged in Harrogate, United Kingdom.
"Sole d'Europa" was the Italian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993, performed in Italian by Enrico Ruggeri.
He seems, however, to accept this as a fact of life and be prepared to live with it.
Dschinghis Khan was the West German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1979, performed in German by Dschinghis Khan.
At the close of voting, it had received 31 points, placing 15th in a field of 23.
The song was performed tenth on the night.
"Could It Be That I'm In Love" was the Irish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1991, performed in English by Kim Jackson.
It was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 1985 Contest by Paloma San Basilio with "La fiesta terminó".
It was succeeded as Slovak representative at the 1996 contest by Marcel Palonder with "Kým nás máš".
This would be Finland's most successful Contest appearance until 2006, when heavy metal band Lordi won with "Hard Rock Hallelujah".
The song was performed eighth on the night.
In 1990 The Hits Of Baccara was to be re-released on compact disc provided with a new title and altered album art, as The Original Hits.
"Como tudo começou" was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1999, performed in Portuguese by Rui Bandeira.
"Rijeka bez imena" is a song performed by Marija Šestić.
The song entered the UK Singles Chart at no.39 for the week the contest was staged.
Gabilou also recorded an English language version of the song under the same title, "Humanahum".
The song was performed thirteenth in the final, to which Belgium was prequalified.
"Vukovi umiru sami" was the Croatian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005, performed in Croatian by Boris Novković.
At the close of voting, it had received 9 points, placing 18th in a field of 20.
and preceding Portugal's Da Vinci with "Conquistador".
The lyrics suggest that she will in fact end the relationship the moment the song ends, thus producing the conflicted emotions she feels.
In the end the song was allowed to remain in the competition.
It was succeeded as Italian representative at the 1980 contest by Alan Sorrenti with "Non so che darei".
"Où aller" was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998, performed in French by Marie Line.
"In A Woman's Heart" was the Maltese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996, performed in English by Miriam Christine.
The song won Russia's national song selection, which took place on March 7, 2012, in Moscow.
Backed by bouncing synthesizers, marching drums and a cheer, "Give Me All Your Luvin'" is a dance-pop song, with elements of new wave and disco.
It received 65 points, placing 9th in a field of 20.
The song is a soft rock ballad in Italian.
He was accompanied by four female dancers, one of whom also served as a support singer during some parts of the song.
On the night, the song was performed fourth, following Slovenia's Anžej Dežan with "Mr Nobody" and preceding Polina Smolova of Belarus with "Mum".
The song was performed fifteenth on the night, after Bosnia and Herzegovina's "Goodbye", sung by Alma Čardžić, and before Sweden's Blond with "Bara hon älskar mig".
The series was nominated for 62 Primetime Emmy Awards, winning the Outstanding Comedy Series award in 2002 for its eighth season.
The song had come in 6th place.
81 on the Billboard Hot 100 but was more successful in Australia, continental Europe and in Asian territories such as Hong Kong and Japan.
Thus, the song was succeeded at that Contest by Bobbie Singer performing "Reflection".
At the close of the voting it had received 32 points, placing 15th in a field of 23.
The song won the Maltese national final and was chosen to represent Malta at the Eurovision Song Contest 2012.
"Dors, mon amour" was the winning song in the Eurovision Song Contest 1958.
From the lyrics, it seems that he inadvertently caused this to happen.
As Macedonia had not competed in the 2003 Contest, the song was first performed in the semi-final.
It was succeeded as Cypriot representative in the 1993 Contest by Kyriakos Zimboulakis and Dimos van Beke with "Mi Stamatas".
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1972 contest by Päivi Paunu & Kim Floor with "Muistathan".
The song was performed second on the night, following Portugal's Carlos Mendes with "Verão" and preceding Belgium's Claude Lombard with "Quand tu reviendras".
The song deals with the feeling of love one has towards one's place of birth, regardless of where it might be.
It was succeeded as Swedish representative at the 1973 Contest by Nova with "You are summer - you never tell me no".
"Ven a bailar conmigo" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007, performed in English and Spanish by Guri Schanke.
The song was performed eleventh on the night.
It was succeeded as Irish representative at the 1977 Contest by The Swarbriggs Plus Two with "It's Nice to Be in Love Again".
"Vita vidder" was the Swedish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1971, performed in Swedish by Family Four.
At the close of voting, it had received 62 points, placing 8th in a field of 22.
The song was performed ninth on the night, following Belgium's Linda Lepomme with "Laat me nu gaan" and preceding Germany's Wind with "Für alle".
She had been one of four finalists, singing "Help Me".
At the close of voting, it had received 26 points, placing 18th in a field of 24.
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1980 Contest by José Cid with "Um grande, grande amor".
"Once in a Lifetime" was the Estonian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2000, performed in English by Ines.
This song was chosen as Spain's entry in the 1973 Eurovision Song Contest.
"This Time I Mean It" was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1999, performed in English by Michael Teschl & Trine Jepsen.
"Nagu merelaine" was the Estonian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1994.
At the close of voting, it had received 3 points, placing 14th in a field of 17.
It was succeeded as Israeli representative at the 2000 Contest by PingPong with "Sameyakh".
She sings that she needs to take responsibility for it, although she appears hesitant to do so.
"La source" was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1968, performed in French by Isabelle Aubret.
"No quiero escuchar" was the Spanish entry for the Eurovision Song Contest in the year 1999, sung in Spanish by Lydia.
At the close of voting, it had received 39 points, placing 16th in a field of 22.
This sound, she sings, can be understood "from Skagaströnd to Timbuktu".
The song was performed 13th on the night, following Spain's Lucía with "Él" and preceding Yugoslavia's Aska with "Halo, Halo".
"Non ho l'età" was the winning song in the Eurovision Song Contest 1964, held in Copenhagen.
The song's accompanying music video featuring both Minaj and M.I.A.
Izhar Cohen returned to the Contest at Gothenburg, Sweden in 1985, then finishing 5th in a field of 19 with "Olé, Olé".
"Non andare più lontano" was the Italian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1967, performed in Italian by Claudio Villa.
Armenia participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2015 in Sofia, Bulgaria.
"Oração" was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1964, performed in Portuguese by António Calvário.
Due to Latvia's success at the 2005 Contest, the song was pre-qualified for the final.
At the Eurovision performance Tommy Nilsson was backed up by Jean-Paul Wall, Vicki Benckert, Ankie Bagger, Jerry Williams and Tommy Ekman.
It was announced in the early hours of March 15, 2009.
"Horoscopes" was the Irish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1981, performed in English by Sheeba.
The song was succeeded as Contest winner in 1970 by Dana singing "All Kinds of Everything" for Ireland.
Thus, the song was succeeded as Russian representative at the 2000 contest by Alsou with "Solo".
A version in English was recorded by The Milestones as "Dance Butterfly".
Madonna first performed the song with Minaj and M.I.A.
At the close of voting, it had received 9 points, placing 6th in a field of 11.
At the close of voting, it had received 68 points, placing 14th in a field of 18.
Todorova sings folk-inspired lyrics dealing with a young girl meeting a young boy riding a horse.
In the song Mascolo says that prays he would like to stay to looking into the sun, prays to see the rainbow.
It was ultimately used as part of the soundtrack to the film Saturday Night Fever.
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 2007 Contest by DQ with "Drama Queen".
The Serbo-Croatian version is titled "U kamen i vodu".
An English version of the song was also recorded.
The song is an up-tempo belonging to the Catalan rumba genre, with both music and lyrics by Pedro Pubill Calaf - Peret himself.
The song itself is a love ballad, with Sveistrup trying to communicate his interest in a woman.
The song was performed ninth on the night, following Portugal's Dina with "Amor d'água fresca" and preceding Malta's Mary Spiteri with "Little Child".
Originally, the song picked was "I Am Belarusian" performed by Anastasia Vinnikova as well.
It was succeeded as Belgian representative at the 1978 Contest by Jean Vallée performing "L'amour ça fait chanter la vie".
Kirka also recorded the song in English, then under the title "C'mon Let's Boogie".
It features guest vocals by rappers Nicki Minaj and M.I.A.
Thus, the song was succeeded as Cypriot representative at the 2002 contest by One with "Gimme".
"Happy Man" was the Irish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1979, performed in English by Cathal Dunne.
The song was performed fifteenth on the night, following Finland's Anneli Saaristo with "La dolce vita" and preceding Spain's Nina with "Nacida para amar".
At the close of voting, it had received 139 points, placing 3rd in a field of 22.
The song was performed sixth on the night.
The song was performed seventh on the night.
Ferry also recorded the song in English, German, Spanish, under the titles "One, Two, Three", "Eins, zwei, drei" and "Un, dos, tres" respectively.
"To takie proste" was the Polish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998, performed in Polish by Sixteen.
"Monika" was the debut entry for Cyprus in the Eurovision Song Contest, performed in Greek at the Eurovision Song Contest 1981 by Island.
The song was performed in the first semi-final held on 10 May 2016, finishing eleventh, and so failed to qualify to the 14 May final.
The song won through the second semi-final finished 7th to qualify for the grand final where it finished 21st.
The song was performed by Carol Rich and composed by Jean-Jacques Egli.
Lester recorded the song in four languages, all versions with references to merry-go-rounds and carousels, besides the original Dutch also English, French and German.
"Bien plus fort" was performed thirteenth on the night, following Switzerland's Madeleine Pascal with "Ne vois-tu pas?"
"Living My Life Without You" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1999, performed in English by Van Eijk.
"Mono Yia Mas" was the Cypriot entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996, performed in Greek by Constantinos.
At the close of voting, it had received 9 points, placing twenty-second in a field of twenty five.
The song is sung from the perspective of a woman who had a one-night stand with a man.
"Soldiers of Love" was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1987, performed in Dutch despite the English title by Liliane Saint-Pierre.
As Malta had finished the 2004 Contest in the top 12, the song was pre-qualified for the final.
At the close of voting, it had received 5 points, placing 21st in a field of 23.
It was succeeded as Icelandic representative at the 2005 Contest by Selma with If I Had Your Love.
It was succeeded as French representative at the 1976 Contest by Catherine Ferry with "Un, deux, trois".
"Rücksicht" was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1983, held in Munich after Nicole's win with "Ein bißchen Frieden".
The song was performed 18th on the night, following Ireland's Johnny Logan with "What's Another Year" and preceding Belgium's Telex with "Euro-Vision".
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1958 Contest by Raquel Rastenni with "Jeg rev et blad ud af min dagbog".
The Icelandic original continued this theme further, with one line running "Congratulations Iceland, that I was born here".
"I treni di Tozeur" is an Italian song, written by Franco Battiato, Saro Cosentino and Giusto Pio.
Lyrically, Anghel addresses a lover, telling him that "I don't want to say goodbye", implying throughout the lyrics that their relationship is coming to an end.
The song deals with Philippe suggesting to a lover that the two of them will sail the world in his "pretty threemaster [boat]".
Michael Varosyan was selected as the Armenian representative on 14 July with his song "Love", being selected on 6 October.
It was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 1977 Contest by Micky with "Enséñame a cantar".
The song is in English, with a few verses in French.
Eurovision song contest 1989 and Anastazio wrote the lyrics-English version for the Cypriot entry "Apopse As Vrethoume", a composition of the Cypriot composer Marios Meletiou.
"Uh, jeg ville ønske jeg var dig" was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1959, performed in Danish by Birthe Wilke.
She explains that she is sending a balloon skyward in the hope that she will find a place to live with her lover.
"En un mundo nuevo" was the Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1971, performed in Spanish by Karina.
The song was succeeded as Turkish representative at the 1999 contest by Tuğba Önal with "Dön Artık".
He has been especially popular in southern Austria.
The song compares the elements of nature with his longing of his lover.
"Na jastuku za dvoje" was the Bosnian and Herzegovinian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002, performed in Serbian and English by Maja Tatić.
On 27 September 2015 it was confirmed that they would participate in the 2015 contest.
At the close of voting, it had received no points, placing 20th in a field of 20.
That's What Friends Are For was the Irish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1975, performed in English by The Swarbriggs.
The song is a mid-tempo duet with the singers describing a search to find the answer to the question of "What is youth's big love?"
Romuald laments the departure of the girls of his youth, explaining that as he grows older he loses the enjoyment and mystery of his early romances.
At the close of voting, it had received 36 points, placing 14th in a field of 24.
Hence, it was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1997 contest by Kølig Kaj with "Stemmen i mit liv".
The song was performed sixth on the night, following Norway's Bendik Singers with "It's Just A Game" and preceding Spain's Mocedades with "Eres tú".
The song is a moderately up-tempo number, with Wilkinson explaining that "And a man is born to do one thing and I was born to sing".
Roos also recorded the song in English, French and Italian.
Roos also recorded the song in English and French, then entitled "I'll Walk Tall" and "Du blues et du bleu" respectively.
The lyrics deal with the singer's feelings in what appears to be a whirlwind romance.
"To nie ja" was the Polish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1994, performed in Polish by Edyta Górniak.
It was Montenegro's entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 held in Malmö, Sweden.
It was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 1991 Contest by Just 4 Fun with "Mrs. Thompson".
The Israeli pre-selection took place in Jerusalem in March 2005.
It was succeeded as Belgian representative at the 2006 Contest by Kate Ryan with "Je t'adore".
The song was performed fifth on the night, preceded by Greece's Michalis Rakintzis with "S.A.G.A.P.O.
Elnur and Samir perform the song dressed as devil and angel.
"Marie-Blanche" was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1970, performed in French by Guy Bonnet.
On the night it was performed second, following Cyprus's Hara & Andreas Konstantinou singing "Mana Mou" and preceding Norway's Tor Endresen with "San Francisco".
He was born in Boston, Massachusetts and grew up in Leonia, New Jersey, and Mount Vernon, New York.
The song ends with Quinn's own confession that "But if you were thinking I've been sitting at home/I've been going out with someone else every day".
At the close of voting, "Let Me Try" had received 235 points, reaching the first position in the euroscoreboard-field, and qualifying for the final.
The song was performed 14th on the night, following Denmark's Brixx with "Video, Video" and preceding Israel's Avi Toledano with "Hora".
It won the Danish Melodi Grand Prix 2008, and is the Danish entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 2008.
The song is a ballad, with Geraldine telling her lover that "my life doesn't exist without you" and pledging her unending love to him.
It won for Georgia in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2008, held in Lemesos, Cyprus scoring 154 points.
It was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1972 contest by Veronique Mueller with "C'est la chanson de mon amour".
As such, this entry was succeeded as by Marija Šerifović singing "Molitva" for Serbia and by Stevan Faddy singing "'Ajde, kroči" for Montenegro.
She appears not to mind overmuch, singing that she is "not even twenty yet".
They go on to describe the affluent lifestyle they hope to live with the money.
It was succeeded as Swedish representative at the 1972 Contest by Family Four with "Härliga sommardag".
It was succeeded as Belgian representative at the 1963 contest by Jacques Raymond singing "Waarom?
The song was sung by Seyyal Taner & Lokomotif in Turkish.
"Terminal 3" was the Irish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1984, performed in English by Linda Martin.
"Ze Rak Sport" was the Israeli entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, performed in Hebrew by Dafna Dekel.
It was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 1982 Contest by Lucía with "Él".
The song was also recorded entirely in Antillean Creole, the only time to date that this language has ever featured at the contest.
It was voted the 10th qualifier by the televote, but the juries chose Sweden to pass.
"Voi Voi" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1960, performed in Norwegian by Nora Brockstedt.
Belarus participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2015 with the song "Volshebstvo" written by Vitaliy Kurovskiy, Ruslan Aslanov.
At the close of voting, it had received 87 points, placing 9th in a field of 18.
Denmark did not enter the Contest from 1967 to 1977.
The song was performed ninth on the night.
"Angel" managed to peak at #95 on the German Singles Chart Top 100.
He even goes as far as to say that the phrase "you and me" "sounds louder than the world".
"Feel the Passion" is a song by Aurela Gaçe, composed by Shpëtim Saraçi and with lyrics by Sokol Marsi.
The song competed in the second semi-final on 14 May 2009 and qualified for the final, where it finished 14th with 69 points.
It was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1981 Contest by Peter, Sue and Marc with "Io senza te".
At the close of voting, it had received 83 points, placing 10th in a field of 18.
At the close of voting, it had received 7 points, placing 8th in a field of 17.
The song is a ballad, in which Lux sings to his lover that "only emotion exists" between them.
The song was released as "A Day of Love" in English but failed to enter the charts.
The song was succeeded as Turkish entry at the 2000 contest by Pınar Ayhan with "Yorgunum Anla".
The song is about Fredi's desire to escape from the hustle and bustle of life, to the shadow of anonymity.
At the close of voting, it had received 93 points, placing 5th in a field of 19.
As Romania had ended the 2003 Contest in the top 10, the song was pre-qualified for the final.
The song however failed to reach the final.
"Era" was a modest hit in Italy, peaking at #13 on the singles chart.
It was performed 19th on the night of the contest, following Cyprus' Island with "Monika" and preceding Sweden's Björn Skifs with "Fångad i en dröm".
In the finals, the song only got 53 points and finished number 17.
At the close of voting, it had received 64 points, placing 10th in a field of 22.
It was succeeded as Belgian representative at the 1972 Contest by Serge & Christine Ghisoland performing "À la folie ou pas du tout".
The song was performed sixth on the night.
The song has achieved considerable fame among Eurovision Song Contest fans, with a well-known archive of Contest lyrics using the domain name diggiloo.net, named after it.
Conchita Bautista returned to the contest in 1965, singing "Qué bueno, qué bueno", again representing Spain.
The song was the Dutch entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 in Belgrade, Serbia.
At the close of voting, it had received 14 points, placing 4th in a field of 16.
The song is about the singer's need to get away from her life, regardless of what others might think.
Greece had not taken part in the preceding Contest in 1975 in protest of Turkey's debut and its invasion of Cyprus in July 1974.
At the age of seven, Wolf sang the title track for the popular Hungarian cartoon Vuk.
"Iemand als jij" was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993, performed in Dutch by Barbara Dex.
Still, the girl is more interested in the latter of the two and invites him to come to her place that evening "from eight to ten".
The song is a ballad, with Carzo singing to the man of her dreams about how she feels when she thinks of him.
He explains that, while he currently lives in County Clare, he would willingly live in a desert if it meant that he could live with her.
It was succeeded as German representative at the 1995 Contest by Stone & Stone with "Verliebt in Dich".
The song was performed first on the night preceding Turkey's Şebnem Paker and Grup Etnic with "Dinle".
"Le chant de Mallory" was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1964, performed in French by Rachel.
"Algo prodigioso" was the Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1963, performed in Spanish by José Guardiola.
The song was composed by Aarno Raninen, who also had composed 1977 entry "Lapponia".
At the close of voting, it had received 46 points, placing 14th in a field of 22.
The song is described as a pop song with an oriental influence.
Bulgaria finished 9th in the final with 62 points.
The song was performed fourth on the night, following Italy's Ricchi e Poveri with "Questo amore" and preceding Portugal's Gemini with "Dai li dou".
"Toi, la musique et moi" was the Monegasque entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1976, performed in French by French singer Mary Christy.
"Se eu te pudesse abraçar" was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998, performed in Portuguese by Alma Lusa.
It was chosen to represent Norway at the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Denmark after winning Melodi Grand Prix 2014.
On March 12, 2007, the official video was released, filmed on many different locations such as Budva's old town, "Ćatovića Mlini" restaurant in Morinj, Ada Bojana.
The song won Russia's national song selection, which took place in Moscow on February 25, 2005.
"Ein Hoch der Liebe" was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1968, performed in German by Norwegian singer Wencke Myhre.
The song was the winner of Melodifestivalen 1963, where it was performed by both Zetterlund and Carli Tornehave.
"Eläköön elämä" was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1985, performed in Finnish by Sonja Lumme.
Italy opted out of the 1986 contest, but returned the next year.
Clouseau also recorded the song in an English-language version, as "Give It Up", featured on their first international album Close Encounters.
At the close of voting, it had received 7 points, placing 19th in a field of 19.
"Dan ljubezni" is a song performed in Slovene by the band Pepel in kri.
Jörgen Ingmann died on 23 March 2015 in Denmark at the age of 89, after he separated from his wife Grethe in 1975.
It was succeeded as French representative at the 1993 Contest by Patrick Fiori with "Mama Corsica".
In that same year, Finnish singer Carola Standertskjöld recorded her version in Finnish, "Penkki, puu ja puistotie".
Thus, the song was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1971 contest by Tonicha with "Menina do alto da serra".
The song is a moderately up-tempo number, with Harte singing to his lover.
Initially, this was "a thousand bucks", later climbing to "ten thousand bucks and my house".
Diva came 13th in the final voting.
Hielscher sings about the simple joy which can be had by paying a small sum of money to hear music.
Many reviewers unkindly concentrated on the grammatical inaccuracies of the English of the lyrics.
However, there is considerable speculation that the song placed second.
1974's entry featured three of them, with Anne Lise Gjøstøl Bjørn Kruse and Benny Kruse singing backing vocals for Anne Karine Strøm.
The song was performed second on the night, following Netherlands Hearts of Soul and preceding Italy's Gianni Morandi with "Occhi di ragazza".
"Raggio di luna" was the Italian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1979, performed in Italian by Matia Bazar.
Mid-way through the song, she went behind a screen and removed the skirt to reveal hotpants.
The song describes the romance between a shepherd and a shepherdess - both of whom are figures on a music box.
It was succeeded as Belgian representative at the 1983 Contest by Pas de Deux performing "Rendez-vous".
30 in the UK Singles Chart in March 1966.
The song is a ballad, with Fanny explaining that we often run from love, instead of embracing it.
The song was performed seventh on the night, following Sweden's Inger Berggren with "Sol och vår" and preceding the Netherlands' De Spelbrekers with "Katinka".
"Solo" was the Russian entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 2000.
At the close of voting, it had received 1 point, placing 16th in a field of 16.
At the close of voting, it had received 5 points, placing 18th in a field of 19.
The song is a ballad, with Kesovija singing that music and her lover are the things in which she has found happiness.
It was succeeded as German representative at the 1958 Contest by Hielscher again, this time with "Für zwei Groschen Musik".
The song is performed in both Catalan and English.
"My vmeste" is a song recorded by Belarusian child singer Ksenia Sitnik.
At the close of voting, it had received 32 points, placing 1st in a field of 13.
Until his death at age 80 he continued to fill venues in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland.
"Það sem enginn sér" was the Icelandic entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1989, performed in Icelandic by Daníel Ágúst Haraldsson.
She gained prominence during the disco era of the late 1970s.
On the Eurovision stage, Koit Toome was accompanied by Mikko Maltis, Ain Varts and Jüri Mazurtšak.
He reminds her that he has told her this before and that she should "give it [her current relationship] up" in favour of one with him.
It was succeeded as Bosnian and Herzegovinian representative at the 2003 Contest by Mija Martina with "Ne brini".
The song won the Serbian pre-selection Pesma za Evropu on 26 February 2011 with 14900 votes of the final televote.
The song is in praise of Portugal itself.
The song was performed fifteenth on the night.
The song competed for Armenia in the first semi-final on 12 May 2009, where it performed sixth.
33 on the UK Singles Chart, in the best chart placing by a UK Eurovision act since 1984.
It was succeeded as Swedish representative at the 1966 contest by Lill Lindfors and Svante Thuresson with "Nygammal vals".
"Som en dröm" was the Swedish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1967, performed in Swedish by Östen Warnerbring, the winner of Melodifestivalen 1967.
The song is a ballad, with Lawson recounting the events leading to the end of a relationship.
"A Million Voices" is the name of the song that represented Russia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015.
The song was performed ninth on the night.
The performance featured two backing dancers wearing trenchcoats, described by BBC commentator Terry Wogan as "the two eejits in raincoats".
The song has become something of a fan favourite in Contest history, appearing on the CD and DVD compilations produced to coincide with the "Congratulations" special.
Wolf represented Hungary at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 with the song "What About My Dreams?".
Desjardins sings about various pursuits which can be done in this way.
The song is a ballad, with Moore singing about walking away from his former lover after she has ended their relationship.
It was also covered by other performers, such as Cilla Black, Engelbert Humperdinck and Thomaz.
She would also go on to represent her homeland Yugoslavia at the 1972 Contest, singing "Muzika i ti", then under her full name Tereza Kesovija.
BBC commentator Terry Wogan made reference to this and urged his viewers to call out "Pull your pants up!"
Ramón Orlando serves as a pastor in a Protestant church.
At the close of voting, it had received 17 points, placing 15th in a field of 19.
The song was performed sixteenth on the night, following Finland's Pihasoittajat with "Old Man Fiddle" and preceding Spain's Sergio y Estíbaliz with "Tú volverás".
The song was succeeded as Estonian representative at the 2008 contest by Kreisiraadio with "Leto svet".
Salomé recorded the song in six languages; Spanish, Catalan, Basque, English, French and Italian.
A special IBA Eurovision Committee accounted for 40% of the vote, and a televote by viewers accounted for the remaining 60%.
The other two are called Ana Kabalin and Mateja Majerle.
It was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 1987 contest by Patricia Kraus with "No estás solo".
The song is an up-tempo number, with the girls singing that their presence and love will brighten the days of their lovers.
It was succeeded as Belgian representative in the 1962 contest by Fud Leclerc singing "Ton nom".
It was succeeded as German representative at the 1968 Contest by Wencke Myhre with "Ein Hoch der Liebe".
An Albanian version of the song was also released, entitled "Imazhi yt".
"Moi, tout simplement" was the Swiss representative at the Eurovision Song Contest 1993 in Millstreet, Ireland.
"Hello From Mars" was the Latvian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2003, performed in English by F.L.Y.
The Mona Lisa is also one of the most valuable paintings in the world.
The "maximum" points to this song were given from Malta and Albania.
It was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 2004 contest by Re-Union with "Without You".
"Det blir alltid värre framåt natten" was the Swedish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1978, performed in Swedish by Björn Skifs.
Bonnet also recorded the song in Italian under the same title, "Marie-Blanche".
In the national final of Azerbaijan, Dilara Kazimova was chosen to represent Azerbaijan, the song was released two weeks later.
In desperation, she enlists the help of "the local sorceress", who gives her a recipe to create a love potion.
Sveriges Radio however decided that Lill-Babs would perform the song at the Eurovision Song Contest for Sweden.
At the close of voting, it had received 7 points, placing 9th in a field of 18.
At the close of voting, it had received 45 points, placing 13th in a field of 26.
Befitting the lyrics, the music has a lilt to it which had been missing from the previous winners.
By the close of voting, it had received 18 points, placing it equal first in a field of 16.
He even criticises those who say he listens to too much of it, calling them "jerks".
Portugal ended the 1964 Contest without a point, but tied for last place with three other entries.
At the close of voting, it had received 18 points, placing 19th in a field of 23.
The song is a dramatic ballad, with Resende singing about the drama of "Le grand soir."
As Malta had not ended the 2003 contest in the top 11, the song was performed in the semi-final.
The song was performed tenth on the night.
The chorus itself is delivered in Tahitian, while the dance instructions are in French.
It was succeeded as French representative at the 1970 contest by Guy Bonnet with "Marie-Blanche".
It was performed in Italian by Gigliola Cinquetti representing Italy.
"Jennie, Jennie" was the Swedish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1975, performed in English by Lasse Berghagen.
The song was written by Skifs and Bengt Palmers.
The song was recorded and released on the official 2003 Eurovision Song Contest album as 'Could It Be', sung in English.
Congratulations was the Icelandic entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006, performed in English by Silvía Night.
At the close of voting, it had received 85 points, placing it eighth in a field of 17.
The Netherlands selected their Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2015 entry through Junior Songfestival 2015, a national selection consisting of eight songs.
Thus, the song was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 2003 contest by Jostein Hasselgård with "I'm Not Afraid To Move On".
At the close of voting, it had received 117 points, placing 3rd in a field of 20.
The song is a love ballad, in contrast to the pyrotechnics and dance routines typical of the Contest at the time of its performance.
The song was performed twelfth on the night.
Ishtar, until then an unknown band, defeated better known artists, like pop singers Sandrine and Brahim.
After the song reached the second place in the contest, it was released as a single.
The literal translation of the song title is "Together we are many, we cannot be defeated".
Brokken also recorded the song in French and German, as "Tout comme avant" and "Damals war alles so schön".
The song is a duet, in which the singers describe the unending devotion they have for one another.
The soap was given the title of most daring drama in the seventies due to covering topics other soaps would not dare to do.
He wonders how his own date will go and also how hers will turn out.
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1986 Contest by Kari Kuivalainen with "Never the End".
Anders Berglund was the conductor; he also conducted, with an accordion, the Yugoslav entry in the same year.
It reached the U.S. Top 10 and went on to sell nearly six million copies, making it one of the best-selling singles of all time.
At the close of voting, it had received 4 points, placing 10th in a field of 13.
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1962 Contest by Marion Rung with "Tipi-tii".
It was internally selected to represent Montenegro in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 in Austria.
"Fantasiaa" was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1983, performed in Finnish by Ami Aspelund.
At the close of voting, it had received 65 points, placing 17th in a field of 18.
the song received 10 points, placing 4th in a field of 10.
The succeeding Finnish representative at the 1963 Contest by Laila Halme with "Muistojeni laulu".
The song is a dramatic ballad, with Karolina musing on the subject of a lost love.
The Conductor for Dream Express that night was the English Bandleader and Musical Arranger Alyn Ainsworth.
At the close of voting, it had received no points, placing 18th in a field of 18.
Commercially, the song attained success peaking at number one in Canada, Finland and Hungary, and inside the top ten in several European countries.
He claims at one point, for example, that he wants to make a feast for the entire country.
Samo shampioni is a song recorded by Bulgarian singer/percussionist Elitsa Todorova and percussionist Stoyan Yankoulov, performing as Elitsa & Stoyan.
at the Eurovision Song Contest 2000, having been relegated from the 1999 contest after their poor placing by Gunvor.
It was succeeded as Greek representative at the 1997 Contest by Marianna Zorba with "Horepse".
The song was the Romanian entry in Eurovision Song Contest 2013, ranking 13th in the final out of the 26 countries.
Brokken sings that she wants to tell the whole world "my secret", because she is happy.
At the close of voting, it had received 1 point, placing 12th in a field of 16.
They presented the idea to Bright, and together they pitched a seven-page treatment of the show to NBC.
It was the first time Hind has contributed to the writing of one of her songs.
"Ik heb zorgen" was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1967, performed in Dutch by Louis Neefs.
It was succeeded as Greek representative at the 1996 Contest by Mariana Efstratiou with "Emis Forame To Himona Anixiatika".
"Dime" was the Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2003, performed in Spanish by Beth.
The song represented Ireland in the semi-finals of the song contest on May 20, 2008 in Belgrade, Serbia, but failed to qualify for the final.
This result would have relegated Hungary to the semi-final had they competed in the 2006 Contest.
He explains to them that his happiness is derived from theirs, "Happy I 'cause happy you".
It was succeeded as Israeli representative at the 1990 Contest by Rita with Shara Barkhovot.
The sexual exploits of the famous woman are implied to have been considerable.
Karina recorded the song in five languages, Spanish, English, French, German and Italian.
The song is a mixture between the traditional Turkish music and the pop music.
The song was succeeded as French representative at the 2001 contest by Natasha St-Pier with "Je n'ai que mon âme".
Thus, "Liefde is een kaartspel" was succeeded as Belgian representative at the 1998 Contest by Mélanie Cohl singing "Dis oui".
The song was succeeded as Irish representative by Dervish with "They Can't Stop the Spring".
"Strazdas" was the Lithuanian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1999, performed in Samogitian dialect of the Lithuanian by Aistė Smilgevičiūtė.
At the close of voting, it had received 8 points, placing 4th in a field of 10.
As Israel had not qualified for the final at the 2004 Contest, the song was first performed in the semi-final.
Sweden was one of the favourites to win.
The song represented Serbia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015.
The concert was recorded and the recordings were released on a CD.
At the close of voting, it had received 80 points, placing 5th in a field of 18.
"Why Do I Always Get It Wrong" spent one week in the UK Singles Chart at #73 in May 1989.
Also, is the latest song that was sung with an orchestra arrangement in the history of the Festival.
The song received a total of 5 points, placing it eighth in a field of twelve.
She tells him that she wants him to “let me cry” rather than be comforted.
The lyrics suggest that the romance has gone out of the marriage, although it had not always been this way.
It was performed in Hebrew by the comedic duo Lazy Bums and came 8th, scoring 73 points.
With this victory, Latvia became the second Baltic state to win the Contest.
The song was performed third on the night, following Finland's CatCat with "Bye Bye Baby" and preceding Cyprus' Evridiki with "Ime Anthropos Ki Ego".
It was succeeded as Belgian representative at the 1970 Contest by Jean Vallée performing "Viens l'oublier".
This was the first occasion on which the Bulgarian language was used on the Eurovision stage, previous Bulgarian entries being performed in English.
It was succeeded as Cypriot representative at the 1987 Contest by Alexia with "Aspro Mavro".
The song was performed ninth on the night.
"Pred da se razdeni" is a song recorded by Macedonian-Romani singer Esma Redžepova and Macedonian singer Vlatko Lozanoski.
On the night the song was performed sixth.
At the close of voting, it had received 187 points, placing 1st in a field of 25.
It was succeeded as Luxembourgish representative at the 1962 Contest by Camillo Felgen with "Petit bonhomme".
"Zemrën e lamë peng" is the song that represented Albania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 in Belgrade, Serbia.
"Im Wartesaal zum großen Glück" was the first German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1956, performed in German by Walter Andreas Schwarz.
The song was performed eighteenth on the night.
This was Macedonia's first Eurovision entry as an independent state and the first occasion on which the Macedonian language had been heard at the Contest.
The song was performed eighteenth on the night.
"Autostop" was the Greek entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980, performed in Greek by Anna Vissi and The Epikouri.
Giorgio Moroder described Summer's work with him on the song "I Feel Love" as "really the start of electronic dance" music.
The song was performed twenty-third on the night, following Hungary's Friderika with "Kinek mondjam el vétkeimet?"
The song is a ballad, with the singer describing "untouched worlds" and comparing them to the problems of our own.
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1981 Contest by Debbie Cameron and Tommy Seebach with "Krøller eller ej".
"Clown" was the Greek entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1988, performed in Greek by Afroditi Frida.
Madonna executes the chorus in high-pitched vocals while during its dubstep breakdown, Minaj raps her verse as her alter-ego Roman Zolanski, followed by M.I.A.
The song is a typical Greek traditional bouzouki tune, with Marinella singing that all she needs in life is "wine, the sea and [her] boyfriend".
The song itself is about the enjoyment to be had in the world when everything is going well.
"Korake ti znam" premiered 15 March 2012.
The song was written by Elena Buga and composed by Alexandru Braşoveanu.
She is the mother of Tobias and Mattias Törnell.
The song was succeeded as winner in 1994 by Paul Harrington and Charlie McGettigan, also representing Ireland, singing "Rock 'n' Roll Kids".
The song was performed ninth on the night.
The song was performed twelfth on the night, following Greece's Bang with "Stop" and preceding Luxembourg's Plastic Bertrand with "Amour Amour".
Sophie also recorded an Italian language version of the song, entitled "Una canzone".
The song was composed by Jean Paul Cara and written by Joe Gracy.
The song was performed 16th on the night of the contest, following Turkey's Sedat Yüce with "Sevgiliye son" and preceding Slovenia's Nuša Derenda with "Energy".
Unusually, it is performed in an up-tempo gospel-influenced style.
"Diamond of Night" was the Estonian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1999, performed in English by singer Evelin Samuel and violinist Imbi Rätsep as "Camille".
"This Time" was the Maltese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993, performed in English by William Mangion.
Votes came from nine countries, the highest score being ten points from Cyprus.
and preceding Slovakia's Katarína Hasprová with "Modlitba".
The unusually high place for a comparatively small number of points is because at this Contest, four entries failed to record a point.
The song was performed third on the night, following Ireland's Eddie Friel with "Dreamin'" and preceding Bosnia and Herzegovina's Davorin Popović with "Dvadeset prvi vijek".
The song was performed first on the night, preceding Iceland's Two Tricky with "Angel".
Cielo e Terra is the title of the 1985 solo album by Italian-American jazz fusion and Latin jazz guitarist Al Di Meola.
The dress was partly removed during the performance.
The song is an up-tempo dance number, with Selma singing about what she would do "If I had your love".
Riva's frontress Emilija Kokić continued to appear in various shows but had no significant success after the 1989 victory.
"Help You Fly" is a song performed by Belarusian singer Ivan.
"Mata Hari" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1976, performed in English by Anne-Karine Strøm.
In the semi-final voting, it received 167 points, and placed 5th in the 25-strong field; high enough to qualify for the final.
"Duett" was also made in an English language version, where it's called "Duet".
It was succeeded as Turkish representative at the 1978 Contest by Nilüfer & Nazar with "Sevince".
At the close of voting, it had received 170 points, also placing equal 5th and qualifying Cyprus for the final in the next Contest.
At the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 held in Baku, Azerbaijan, the song finished in second place with 259 points.
Thus, the song was succeeded as Italian representative at the 1987 contest by Umberto Tozzi & Raf with "Gente di mare".
The same happened with the next Hungarian entry, Forogj, világ!
At the close of voting, it had received 91 points, placing 4th in a field of 19.
The lyrics are about a boy Hind had fallen in love with five years before.
Patroklou sings about the damage humanity has caused to the planet and that the SOS of the title is from the earth itself.
The song is a moderately up-tempo number, with the band describing the freedom of a kite flying above them.
The song was performed last on the night, following Denmark's Birthe Wilke & Gustav Winckler with "Skibet skal sejle i nat".
It was succeeded as Slovene representative at the 2005 contest by Omar Naber with "Stop".
She also tells him that she believes that "Deep in your smile is desire for more".
Later that year, Madonna also performed "Give Me All Your Luvin'" wearing a majorette outfit on The MDNA Tour.
"Après toi" was succeeded as Contest winner in 1973 by Anne-Marie David singing "Tu te reconnaîtras", also for Luxembourg.
"My Impossible Dream" was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005, performed in English by Glennis Grace.
Musically it is a simple melody, which is embellished by a number of different instruments, including a barrel organ with a collection of puppets on it.
Lyrically, it is a confession to her lover that "my love grows stronger every minute".
The song served as Sparks' third UK single and digitally released on January 26.
The song is a ballad, with Cogoi describing a romantic moment with his lover near a river.
The song was also covered by Finnish singer Tarja-Maria Suhonen.
The song is a ballad, in which Modugno tells his lover how he feels about her.
At the close of voting, it had received 2 points, placing 13th in a field of 17.
As well as the beauty of the spectacle, they sing that from that distance it is impossible to see borders, flags and warfare.
The relationship appears to be somewhat unpopular with the singer's friends, however he promises to "show them all they're wrong".
At the close of voting, it had received 60 points, placing 10th in a field of 25.
It was succeeded as Polish representative at the 1997 Contest by Anna Maria Jopek with "Ale jestem".
Unusually for such a song, the performance was quite static.
Peters also recorded an English version of the song, entitled "We've Got a World to Build".
At the close of voting, it had received 58 points, placing 10th in a field of 22.
At the close of voting, it had received 84 points, placing 5th in a field of 19.
The duo performed the song seated on stools with acoustic guitars.
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1968 contest by Carlos Mendes with "Verão".
The song represented Macedonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016.
"I See a Star" was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1974, performed in English by Mouth & MacNeal.
It was succeeded as Croatian representative at the 2003 Contest by Claudia Beni with "Više nisam tvoja".
As Luxembourg had performed last at the 1963 contest, this represents the rare event of a country "succeeding itself" on the Eurovision stage.
The song was performed sixteenth on the night.
The song was well received in Latin America, particularly in Chile.
BBC commentary during the semi-final set Kennedy's task up as "saving Ireland's Eurovision soul".
At the Eurovision Song Contest 1983 in Munich in the former West Germany the song finished third.
At the close of voting, it had received the dreaded nul points, placing 13th in a field of 16.
The song was performed fifth on the night, following Denmark's Bjørn Tidmand with "Sangen om dig" and preceding Austria's Udo Jürgens with "Warum nur, warum?".
"Tausend Fenster", was the Austrian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1968, performed in German by Karel Gott.
It was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 1990 Contest by Maywood with "Ik wil alles met je delen".
At the close of voting, it had received 1 point, placing 15th in a field of 16.
The song span three foreign versions in 1960.
The song was performed fifteenth on the night.
It was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 1966 Contest by Raphael with "Yo soy aquél"
The song was performed eighth on the night, following the United Kingdom's Live Report with "Why Do I Always Get it Wrong?"
This was the third time Latvia had come last in the semi-finals previously having done so in 2009 and 2010.
The song was performed twelfth on the night, following Belgium's Stella with "Si tu aimes ma musique" and preceding Denmark's Brixx with "Video, Video".
Pugacheva sings to a "prima donna" and describes her desire to overcome struggles much in the way as the singer apparently has.
At the close of voting, the song had received 55 points, placing 8th in a field of 20.
The song was performed eleventh on the night, following Israel's Rita with "Shara Barkhovot" and preceding Switzerland's Egon Egemann with "Musik klingt in die Welt hinaus".
Since then, only Ireland has achieved that distinction, winning three times in a row, beginning in 1992.
The song is a ballad, with Cordier singing to an absent lover.
The song was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 1998 contest by Mikel Herzog with "¿Qué voy a hacer sin ti?
The singer was Ronnie Carroll, who also represented the UK the year before.
It was written by Annie M. G. Schmidt and performed in Dutch by Jetty Paerl.
The song was succeeded as Yugoslav entry at the 1992 contest by Extra Nena with "Ljubim te pesmama".
He explains that one of his great joys is when an attractive girl finds his music interesting and tells him "I love you".
The song is a duet, with the singers making a series of attempts at chatting each other up.
It was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 1969 Contest by Lenny Kuhr with "De troubadour".
The English version of the song is called The Sweetest Thing That Will Remain.
"Un peu de poivre, un peu de sel" was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1966, performed in French by Tonia.
An Icelandic version was recorded but not released.
At the close of voting, it had received 83 points, placing 9th in a field of 18.
Following this result, Monaco withdrew from the Contest for 25 years.
Over two decades after its first release, the song was included on a blacklist of banned songs issued by the BBC during the 1991 Gulf War.
She claims that "I won't cry when this ends" and seems generally positive about her future prospects.
Kostas Bigalis returned to the Contest in 1996 when he composed Mariana Efstratiou's entry "Emis Forame To Himona Anixiatika".
He sings that when he does find his Michèle again, he will ask her in her own language: "Voulez-vous danser avec moi?
It was succeeded as Polish representative at the 1999 Contest by Mietek Szcześniak with "Przytul mnie mocno".
It was performed twentieth on the night.
Torr recorded the song in five languages; French, Italian, Spanish, German and English.
At the end of the song, she removed her veil, to reveal a in a floor-length, pale blue gown.
The song was succeeded as Swedish representative at the 1963 Contest by Monica Zetterlund with "En gång i Stockholm".
The song is about Leclerc walking through a rough part of town and finding the girl of his dreams.
At the close of voting, it had received 3 points, placing 20th in a field of 21.
It was succeeded as UK representative at the 1996 contest by Gina G with "Ooh Aah... Just a Little Bit".
At the close of voting, it had received 66 points, placing 9th in a field of 25.
He tells him that there are many more experiences for his generation than the older one and that this is a good thing.
"Didai didai dai" was the Turkish entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1985, written, composed and performed by the trio MFÖ.
"Hope Never Dies" is a song performed by Czech singers Marta Jandová and the song's composer Václav Noid Bárta.
Due to Lithuania's poor record, they were ineligible to participate at the 2003 contest, but returned to the fold the next year.
In 1994 Battiato recorded an interpretation of the song with a symphony orchestra for his live album Unprotected.
This was Katri Helena's second Eurovision entry, in the 1979 contest she sang "Katson sineen taivaan", placing 14th in a field of 19.
It was succeeded as French representative at the 1958 Contest by André Claveau with "Dors, mon amour".
"Comme è ddoce 'o mare" was the Italian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1991, performed in the minority Neapolitan language by Peppino di Capri.
"Dès que le printemps revient" was the Luxembourgish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1964, performed in French by French singer Hugues Aufray.
In the final, it was performed twenty-first.
The song was performed third on the night, following Finland's Sonja Lumme with "Eläköön elämä" and preceding Denmark's Hot Eyes with "Sku' du spørg' fra no'en?".
It was succeeded as Latvian representative at the 2002 Contest by Marie N with "I Wanna".
The song was performed ninth on the night, following Finland's Fredi with "Varjoon - suojaan" and preceding Belgium's Louis Neefs with "Ik heb zorgen".
Thus, the song was succeeded as Greek representative at the 1983 Contest by Kristi Stassinopoulou with Mou Les.
Nussbaumer leads the song on a piano, with a series of backing singers providing appropriate responses.
The band Northern Kings covered this song.
It was performed eighth on the night.
The song was composed by Paulo Pereira and Pedro Marques.
"I'm Not Afraid To Move On" peaked at # 12 in the Norwegian single charts.
The song was performed thirteenth on the night, following Norway's Nora Brockstedt with "Sommer i Palma" and preceding Luxembourg's Jean-Claude Pascal with "Nous les amoureux".
"Amami se vuoi" was the second Italian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1956, performed in Italian by Tonina Torrielli.
Moon was backing vocalist for Pasha Parfeny the year before at Eurovision and coincidentally, the song was composed by Pasha, himself.
It was originally known under its Albanian title "Përrallë".
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1991 Contest by Anders Frandsen with "Lige der hvor hjertet slår".
Prior the contest in Stockholm, Ines was a clear favourite and was predected to win hands down by numerous polls and votings.
Hence, the song was succeeded as Macedonian representative at the 2004 Contest by Toše Proeski with "Life".
"So laang we's du do bast" was Luxembourg's entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1960.
De Angelo also recorded the song in English, then entitled "If There's One Thing That's Forever".
As Malta had finished the 2005 Contest in second place, the song was pre-qualified for the final.
Thus, it was invited to return the next year.
The song was performed third on the night.
Thus, the decision is made that all three of them should try to ride together.
It was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 1979 contest by Anita Skorgan with "Oliver".
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1990 Contest by Nucha with Há Sempre Alguém.
The preview week music video was taped in Madrid.
The song is a ballad, in which Ivan and the band M's salute all people of the world.
The song was composed by Pepe Ederer.
The song is an up-tempo number, with Ortal singing about the problems caused in the world by the fact that everyone thinks primarily of themselves.
At the close of voting, it had received 70 points, placing 13th in a field of 18.
"Nur in der Wiener Luft" was the Austrian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1962, performed in German by Eleonore Schwarz.
It was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 2005 Contest by Glennis Grace with "My Impossible Dream".
This is suggested to be a means of outreach to those less fortunate in society.
It came equal thirteenth on 33 points with Bosnia and Herzegovina and Belgium.
Due to Armenia having finished the previous Contest in the top ten, the song was automatically qualified for the final.
It was succeeded as Monegasque representative at the 1978 Contest by Caline & Olivier Toussaint with "Les jardins de Monaco".
The song was performed tenth on the night, following Switzerland's Anita Traversi with "Cielo e terra" and preceding Germany's Wyn Hoop with "Bonne nuit ma chérie".
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1996 Contest by Jasmine with "Niin kaunis on taivas".
The song is sung from the perspective of a man attempting to understand where his relationship went wrong.
"Verão" was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1968, performed in Portuguese by Carlos Mendes.
"Frei zu leben" was performed thirteenth on the night.
The song was performed sixteenth on the night, following Yugoslavia's Tajči with "Hajde da ludujemo" and preceding Ireland's Liam Reilly with "Somewhere in Europe".
A Spanish recording does exist, entitled ''Muchacha Kiss Kiss Bang".
The song failed to qualify from the semi final, coming 11th.
The highest set of points, 10, came from Belgium, Austria and Israel, which totally gave 89 points, giving a 7th place.
It was succeeded as Israeli representative at the 2004 Contest by David D'or with Leha'amin.
The song represented Israel in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016, and was written and produced by Doron Medalie.
The song was performed third on the night.
It was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 1978 contest by Jahn Teigen with "Mil etter mil".
Thus, the song was succeeded as Polish representative at the 2001 contest by Piasek with "2 Long".
The song is a ballad, with Forstner singing about a chance sighting of a beautiful woman on a rainy day in Venice.
It was sung in a imaginary language.
Attracting more notice than the lyrics, however, was the performance itself.
Footage of Pietch's fervent footstomping and jumping is frequently featured in German Eurovision documentaries.
"Heel de wereld" was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1958, performed in Dutch by Corry Brokken.
The song and its accompanying music video were parodied in the Father Ted episode "Song for Europe" with the song "My Lovely Horse".
1 on the official Swiss Single Chart.
As Hungary had not taken part in the Contest since 1998, the song was initially performed in the semi-final of the Contest.
It was performed by the Russian singer, songwriter, actress, and model Polina Gagarina.
The song was performed tenth on the night.
Gabilou sings that because humanity "invented the war", the Earth eventually could not support life.
Winter also recorded an English-language version of the song, entitled "Falling in Love".
Shomburg also recorded an English version of the song, entitled "Time".
The song was succeeded as Austrian representative at the 1994 Contest by Petra Frey singing Für den Frieden der Welt.
It was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 1967 Contest by Raphael again, with "Hablemos del amor"
They explain to each other that while each still has feelings for the other, the relationship must end.
Boccara recorded the song in five languages, French, English, German, Spanish and Italian.
The classic example of this is the phrase "I love you", which prompts the comment that "Love on stage doesn't match love/In real life".
"Baby, Baby" was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1973, performed in Dutch by Nicole & Hugo.
"Addicted to Love" was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 2004 Contest by Jari Sillanpää with "Takes 2 to Tango".
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1959 contest by Birthe Wilke with "Uh, jeg ville ønske jeg var dig".
The song is a ballad, with Callow singing about his desire to be with his lover.
"Video, Video" was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1982, performed in Danish by Brixx.
The song is a blues-influenced ballad, in which the singers describe the qualities of the "people of the sea".
At the close of voting, it had received two points, placing 12th.
At the close of voting, it had received 17 points, placing 19th in a field of 25.
It was succeeded as Bosnian and Herzegovinian representative at the 2002 contest by Maja Tatić with "Na jastuku za dvoje".
"Macédomienne" was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990, performed in French by Philippe Lafontaine, who also composed it.
At the close of voting, it had received 97 points, placing 12th in a field of 24.
It was succeeded as Swedish representative at the 1996 contest by One More Time with "Den vilda".
The song was performed seventh on the night, following Sweden's Lotta Engberg with "Boogaloo" and preceding Portugal's Nevada with "Neste barco à vela".
"Kloden drejer" was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1983, performed in Danish by Gry Johansen.
Submissions for the national selection shows opened in July 2015, for singers aged between 10-15.
The song was performed eighth on the night.
The song was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1992 contest by Daisy Auvray with "Mister Music Man".
The lyrics were written by Barbara Pešut and the music by Robert Pešut.
in Aşkın Gözyaşları, which was their 1994 album.
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 2006 Contest by Sidsel Ben Semmane with "Twist of Love".
The song was succeeded as Andorran entry at the 2006 contest by Jenny with "Sense tu".
The song was succeeded as Austrian representative in the 1988 Contest by Wilfried performing "Lisa Mona Lisa".
In Luxembourg they were joined on stage by the American jazz musician Sahib Shihab on flute.
The song was performed eighteenth on the night.
At the close of voting, it had received 15 points, placing 16th in a field of 19.
Sabrina sings about how much she loves a guy and invites him to join her forever.
Maimon went on to record the song in English under the title "Time to Say Goodbye".
Three of these entries followed each other directly.
The EBU required that no portion of an entry be "commercially released and/or publicly performed" before October 1, 2006 to be eligible for the contest.
At the close of voting, it had received 85 points, placing 7th in a field of 21.
"Je ne vous oublie pas" reached number two in France and was certified Silver.
Thus, the song was succeeded as Lithuanian representative by Linas & Simona at the 2004 contest with "What's Happened To Your Love?
Piasek entered the stage wearing a brown fur coat, which he discarded almost immediately, to reveal a navy blue T-Shirt.
Vaguener sings of his love for American popular music, as well as the sounds of Paris.
It was performed in Greek, English and a dialect of Greek spoken in Northern Greece, called Pontic Greek.
Somewhat amusingly, Mednis' new wife is referred to as "my caring, lovely fiancée" in the second verse, despite the pair being married by this point.
"Dvadaset prvi vijek" was the Bosnian and Herzegovinian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1995, performed in Bosnian by Davorin Popović.
Max was accompanied by Raab and some members of the Heavytones during his gig.
It was succeeded as Luxembourgish representative at the 1958 Contest by Solange Berry with "Un grand amour".
She claims that it would inspire her above all other things.
The song was performed fourteenth on the night.
"Without You" was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004, performed in English by Re-Union.
It was succeeded as Lithuanian representative at the 2006 contest by LT United with "We Are the Winners".
The 12" single is an extended version and runs to 4:51.
The trio competed with the song at Skopje Fest 2008.
A 50/50 combination of televoting and the votes of an expert jury decided that she should sing "'Boom Boom" in Düsseldorf, Germany.
While it came 2nd place in the OGAE, it failed to qualify for the final, obtaining a score of 40 points.
"Dieser Traum darf niemals sterben" was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1991, performed in German by Atlantis 2000.
The song was written and composed by Soren Mounir.
At the close of voting, it had received 78 points, placing 12th in a field of 18.
The original Finnish language version of the song was called "Pump Pump" and the title was simply kept for the English translation.
The song was also chosen to represent Italy in the Eurovision Song Contest 1963, where it was performed by Emilio Pericoli.
At the close of voting, it had received the dreaded nul points, placing 15th.
The song was performed first on the night, preceding Greece's Thalassa with "Mia Krifi Evesthisia".
The song was performed 21st in the final, following Croatia's Severina with "Moja štikla" and preceding Sweden's Carola with "Invincible".
Written by Christos Dantis with English language lyrics co-written by Natalia Germanou, "My Number One" awarded the first victory to Greece in Eurovision.
Evdokia Kadi is a Greek Cypriot singer who represented Cyprus at the Eurovision Song Contest 2008, with the song "Femme Fatale".
The song is a duet, with both singers describing a brief romance over summer.
It was succeeded as Israeli representative at the 1975 Contest by Shlomo Artzi with "At Va'Ani".
It was succeeded as Italian representative at the 1977 Contest by Mia Martini with "Libera".
The song was succeeded as contest winner in 1959 by Teddy Scholten representing the Netherlands singing "Een beetje".
"Hallelujah" was the winning song of the Eurovision Song Contest 1979, performed in Hebrew by Gali Atari and Milk & Honey for Israel.
"Sister" was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002, performed in English by Sergio & The Ladies.
She reacts to his claims that he never loved her in the first place with derision and tells him not to worry about her.
It was succeeded as Luxembourgish representative at the 1988 contest by Lara Fabian with "Croire".
Sweden did not participate in the 1964 contest, due to an Artists Union strike, but returned the next year.
The song is a ballad, with Endrigo expressing his love for the title character.
At the close of voting, it had received 91 points, placing 6th in a field of 23.
The video was also notable for short scenes which featured Jones in hot pants, which caused a stir in Ireland at the time.
"Sva bol svijeta" was the Bosnia and Herzegovinian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993, performed in Bosnian by Fazla.
The song is a love ballad directed towards the title character, with Paul singing, "Your name is all I sing, Anna".
Gabilou was the first singer from a French overseas territory to represent France at Eurovision.
The song was performed twenty-third during the competition.
The song was performed 7th on the night of the contest, following Israel's Kaveret with "Natati La Khayay" and preceding Sweden's ABBA with "Waterloo".
"Dans le jardin de mon âme" was the Swiss entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2002.
For her Eurovision appearance, Vanna wore a top and trousers of a colour seemingly chosen to match her hair- a light, golden colour.
"Apopse as vrethume" was the Cypriot entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1989, performed in Greek by Fani Polymeri and Yiannis Savvidakis.
"Theater" was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980, performed in German by Katja Ebstein.
The song was performed fourth on the night, following Bosnia and Herzegovina's Nino Pršeš with "Hano" and preceding Israel's Tal Sondak with "En Davar".
Ebstein comments that there is no point in complaining that one is unhappy or loveless, because miracles constantly happen and one will eventually happen to everyone.
The song is a love duet, with the singers pledging to "meet tonight" and describing the world they intend to create for themselves as a result.
She is described as working very hard for a boss who "believes in overtime" and having a predictable weekly routine.
The song was performed fifth on the night, following Finland's Laila Kinnunen with "Valoa ikkunassa" and preceding Netherlands's Greetje Kauffeld with "Wat een dag".
The song was the first in the history of the contest to open with a church organ, reminiscent of "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida" by Iron Butterfly.
The song was released by sv:Mona Grain.
She feels sorry for Arne, who will have to watch the two of them together, but sings that "I can't let that bother me".
She was accompanied on stage by five backing singers dressed in white.
The song was performed nineteenth on the night.
"Du är inte ensam" is a song by Swedish singer Julia Kedhammar.
The song is about the Biblical character Mary Magdalene, and Wegas asks her to "give me your power".
It was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1986 Contest by Daniela Simmons with "Pas pour moi".
It was succeeded as Irish representative at the 2004 contest by Chris Doran with "If My World Stopped Turning".
The Swedish version of the single was a double A-side with "Honey, Honey", while the English version usually featured "Watch Out" on the B-side.
The song was performed fifth on the night.
The song was performed twentieth on the night, following France's Gérard Lenorman with "Chanteur de charme" and preceding Yugoslavia's Srebrna Krila with "Mangup".
Lyrically, it is a plea for unity, with Stella urging that "If you do like my music, sing it with me".
Also, is the latest song that was sung with an orchestra arrangement in the history of the Festival.
The author of the music and lyrics was Sven Lõhmus.
Somewhat strikingly, the four female vocalists were dressed in musketeer outfits during their performance.
It was succeeded as Cypriot representative at the 1999 contest by Marlain with "Tha 'Ne Erotas".
"Addicted to You" easily won the Finnish national preliminary round for Eurovision 2002 receiving 46 points from the jury and 36% of the popular vote.
She is also well-known domestically for her partnership in the duo Trax with John Hatting, her ex-husband.
The song is notable in the history of the Eurovision Song Contest since this was Morocco's first appearance at the Contest.
She asks to be given "One more night, give me one more day" to experience these feelings and resist the world.
It was succeeded as Swiss representative by Jane Bogaert with "La vita cos'è?"
1988 was the last year Luxembourg ended in the top 5 and it was also the last year Luxembourg ended in the top 10
He sings that he was already in love with her then, and while they have lost touch since that time, he retains his feelings for her.
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1979 contest by Manuela Bravo with "Sobe, sobe, balão sobe".
Anita Skorgan returned to the Contest in 1982 with her then husband Jahn Teigen with the duet "Adieu".
A Slovene version of the song was performed by Derenda at EMA, the Slovene selection for Eurovision, titled "Ne, ni res".
At the close of voting, it had received 14 points, placing 19th in a field of 23.
The song was performed seventeenth on the night, following Switzerland's Jane Bogaert with "La vita cos'è?"
"Era" was the Italian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1975, performed in Italian by American-born singer Wess Johnson, and Dori Ghezzi.
"Enséñame a cantar" was the Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1977, performed in Spanish by Micky.
Gerli Padar was supported on stage by two backing singers Johanna Münter and Mirjam Mesak, and three male dancers with whom Gerli danced throughout the song.
"My Star" was the Latvian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2000, performed in English by Brainstorm.
"Straight Into Love" is a song recorded by American singer Hannah Mancini.
It was composed by Priit Pajusaar and Glen Pilvre, and the lyrics, written in the Võro language, spoken in South-Eastern Estonia, were written by Aapo Ilves.
"Lopšinė mylimai" was the Lithuanian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1994, performed in Lithuanian by Ovidijus Vyšniauskas.
Originally, the song would have represented Malta in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016.
Bulgaria's next entry in the Contest would come in 2006 with Mariana Popova performing "Let Me Cry".
Peter Cruz and Henry Garcia then each formed a short-lived group.
The song was performed twenty-third on the night, following Greece's Antique with "Die For You".
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1991 Contest by Dulce with "Lusitana paixão".
At the close of voting, it had received 75 points, placing 13th in a field of 18.
"Mana Mou" was the Cypriot entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997, performed in Greek by Hara & Andreas Konstantinou.
The song was performed tenth on the night.
It was succeeded as Icelandic representative at the 2006 Contest by Silvía Night with "Congratulations".
"Sing Sang Song" was only a modest commercial success for the Les Humphries Singers, and in late 1976 the group disbanded.
Lithuania's earlier entry, "Lopšinė mylimai", had been performed in Lithuanian at the 1994 Contest and failed to record a point.
"Made of Stars" is a song performed by Israeli singer Hovi Star.
The song is a love ballad, with Solo telling his lover that he feels the same way she does because of the closeness of their relationship.
"Za našu ljubav" was the Bosnian and Herzegovinian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996, performed in Bosnian by Amila Glamočak.
At the close of voting it had received 128 points to finish in 9th place overall.
"I Love the Little Things" was the British entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1964, performed in English by Matt Monro.
The English version of the song is titled "A Million".
The song has also been covered in the 2000s by other popular Finnish artists like rock band Jean S. and trance/dance act Transamerica feat.
Three years after participating in the contest Martini unexpectedly died, at just 47 years old.
Mars also recorded the song in German, under the title "Komödiant der Liebe".
On the night of the contest the song was performed 22nd, following Yugoslavia's Novi fosili singing "Ja sam za ples".
She tells him that he is known for loving others very briefly before moving on to his next romantic conquest.
The song is a moderately up-tempo number, with Faniello describing an idyllic summer night "by the ocean/Under the palm trees, you and I".
"Energy" was the Slovenian entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2001, sung by Nuša Derenda in English.
"Un baiser volé" was the Luxembourgish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1991, performed in French by Sarah Bray.
It was succeeded as Austrian representative in the 1984 contest by Anita singing "Einfach weg".
It was succeeded as Slovene representative at the 2002 contest by Sestre with "Samo ljubezen".
"Ale jestem" was the Polish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997, performed in Polish by Anna Maria Jopek.
It represented Romania at the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 in Helsinki, Finland.
The voyage also serves as a metaphor for the pair striking out on their own to start a new life.
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1964 Contest by Lasse Mårtenson with "Laiskotellen".
The song was performed eighth on the night, following Sweden's Christer Björkman with "I morgon är en annan dag" and preceding Cyprus' Evridiki with "Teriazoume".
The song was performed fifth on the night, following Turkey's Aylin Vatankoş with "Yaz bitti" and preceding France's Kali with "Monté la riviè".
Bitaqat Hub was the Moroccan entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980, performed in Arabic by Samira.
It was succeeded as Icelandic representative at the 1988 Contest by Beathoven with "Þú og þeir".
The song is a moderately up-tempo number, with Sparboe telling her mother that she will be meeting two friends for a ride on a merry-go-round.
It was succeeded as Croatian representative at the 1999 Contest by Doris with "Marija Magdalena".
After Eurovision, the song placed at No.
"Przytul mnie mocno" was the Polish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1999, performed in Polish by Mietek Szcześniak.
It was written by José María Purón, who had previously written "Vuelve conmigo", the runner up song in the Eurovision Song Contest 1995 representing Spain.
Here, it was performed third, following the United Kingdom's Javine with "Touch My Fire" and preceding Romania's Luminiţa Anghel & Sistem with "Let Me Try".
"Let's Get Happy" was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2003, performed in English by Lou.
The song was performed by Jessica Andersson and Magnus Bäcklund as 'Fame' and was composed by Carl Lösnitz and Calle Kindbom.
At the close of voting, the performance had received seven points, placing it eleventh in the field of 17.
At the close of voting, it had received 84 points, placing 8th in a field of 18.
At the close of voting, it had received 93 points, placing 3rd in a field of 18.
Australian commentator Des Mangan referred to the singer as wearing "the fourth white suit of the evening".
The song received 10 points, placing 21st in a field of 25.
At the close of voting, it had received 81 points, placing 11th in a field of 18.
"Rimi Rimi Ley" was the Turkish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005, performed in Turkish.
The song was performed 26th on the night, following Sweden's Fame with "Give Me Your Love".
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1975 Contest by Duarte Mendes with "Madrugada".
The promotional video featured Kasia singing in a church, surrounded by candles
It was succeeded as Irish representative at the 1970 contest by Dana with All Kinds of Everything.
Scoring – the instrumentation and/or vocal forces required for the work
The word "putain" - literally "whore" - can also be rendered as "fuck", which clearly violates the Contest's rules on audible obscenities.
The song was performed eighteenth on the night, following Portugal's Armando Gama with "Esta balada que te dou" and preceding Belgium's Pas de Deux with "Rendez-vous".
Serbia finished 7th with 79 points during the final.
The result was Malta's best Eurovision finish at the time, although Chiara would equal it at the 2005 Contest.
The song was performed eleventh on the night.
Noël asks her listener to "tell love" that she is waiting for him and that she is seventeen.
Ramón Orlando went on to form another group during that time.
At the close of voting, it had received 94 points, placing 4th in a field of 23.
"Nur ein Lied" was the Austrian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1989, performed in German by Thomas Forstner.
"Pomme, pomme, pomme" was the Luxembourgish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1971, performed in French by Luxembourgish singer Monique Melsen.
The song deals with the power of song itself, with both performers describing the feelings they get from hearing the other's voice.
The song is an up-tempo track, sung from the perspective of a man telling a girl that her lover is no good for her.
28 more would follow, the last one being "Is always over now" by Dawn Martin in 1998.
It was succeeded as the Spanish representative at the 1997 contest by Marcos Llunas with "Sin rencor".
At Bergen, the song was performed fifth on the night, after Norway's Ketil Stokkan with "Romeo", and before Iceland's debut effort, "Gleðibankinn", by ICY.
"Do I Dream" was the Irish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1973, performed in English by Maxi.
It was succeeded as Turkish representative at the 2003 contest by Sertab Erener with "Everyway That I Can".
"Telegram" was succeeded as German representative at the 1978 Contest by Ireen Sheer with "Feuer".
The song was the winner of Melodifestivalen 1962, where it was performed by both Inger Berggren and Lily Berglund.
The song qualified as the Danish entry into the Eurovision Song Contest by the usual means of winning that year's Dansk Melodi Grand Prix.
"Aldri i livet" was included on Kalvik's 1981 album Natt og dag.
The song was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 2004 contest by Ramón with "Para llenarme de ti".
The song is an up-tempo number, with musical influences from the urban styles rising to prominence at the time.
The song was performed twenty-first on the night.
In the course of his musing, he wonders if she was perhaps from Paris, Italy or even "the gulf of Araby".
This was prolific composer Ralph Siegel's fourteenth entry for Germany.
"Estando contigo" was Spain's entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1961, performed in Spanish by Conchita Bautista.
The scoreboard for the 1956 Contest has never been made public, so it is impossible to say with certainty where the song placed.
At the close of voting, the song had received 106 points to finish seventh, which guaranteed Albania a final berth at the 2005 Contest.
The unusual subject matter and title have contributed to the song becoming something of a favourite among Contest fans.
It was covered by Shane MacGowan of The Pogues in the "Song for Eurotrash" cover album of 1998.
At the close of voting, it had received 39 points, placing 15th in a field of 25.
As Bulgaria had not finished the previous Contest in the top ten, the song was performed in the semi-final.
The song is a ballad, with Tonicha describing a simple country girl.
At the close of voting, it had received 45 points, placing 11th in a field of 19.
Though Kirka's career as a singer began in 1967, the LP-album called "Hengaillaan" was his first album which sold gold in Finland.
The song was performed eighteenth on the night.
At the close of voting, it had received 105 points, placing 5th in a field of 20.
At the close of voting, it had received 19 points, placing 17th in a field of 25.
The song was performed nineteenth on the night, following Finland's Jasmine with "Niin kaunis on taivas" and preceding Poland's Kasia Kowalska with "Chcę znać swój grzech...".
Cuco kept the group together renamed as Cuco Valoy y Orquesta in which he hired singers Peter Cruz and Henry García.
"Tell Me Why" was the Romanian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002, performed in English by Monica Anghel and Marcel Pavel.
"Vodka" was the song that represented Malta at Eurovision Song Contest 2008, in Belgrade, Serbia.
At the close of voting, it had received 5 points, placing 11th in a field of 17.
It was succeeded as Israeli representative at the 1978 Contest by Izhar Cohen & The Alphabeta with "A-Ba-Ni-Bi".
As she puts it, "I don't care for men, who are men/But for men, who are human" [1].
Haza also recorded the song in English, German and French, entitled "High", "Frei" and "Va, Va, Va" respectively.
It was performed twelfth on the night, following Germany's Wyn Hoop with "Bonne nuit ma chérie" and preceding France's Jacqueline Boyer with "Tom Pillibi".
The song in the chanson style, popular in the early years of the Contest.
Profil also recorded an English language version of the song, entitled "Hey Music Man".
The song is in praise of love itself, with Myhre singing that it "keeps our world so young" and is a generally enjoyable experience.
"Ne crois pas" was the first Luxembourgish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1956, performed in French by French singer Michèle Arnaud.
At the close of voting, it had received 9 points, placing 8th in a field of 16.
Richard Herrey, lead singer of the band, performed at the Congratulations special in late 2005.
"Absent Friend" was the Swedish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1965, performed in English by opera singer Ingvar Wixell.
All versions of the song have alternate music videos.
Estonia were the first from the former Soviet Union countries to win the Contest, with the second and third following shortly thereafter.
"Nous, on veut des violons" was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, performed in French by Morgane.
Niels Brinck Kristensen is a Danish singer and songwriter.
Her lover, however, was not entirely faithful - thus, regardless of her feelings, she ends the relationship.
It was succeeded as French representative at the 1961 Contest by Jean-Paul Mauric with "Printemps, avril carillonne".
"Uma flor de verde pinho" was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1976, performed in Portuguese by Carlos do Carmo.
She tells her mother not to be sad about losing her, because it should be a happy occasion of celebration.
Csézy performed the song in the second Semi-final on 22 May 2008.
The remainder of the group join in at this point.
The song competed in the second semi-final on 14 May 2009 and qualified for the final, where it finished 18th with 57 points.
LaDonna Adrian Gaines, known by her stage name Donna Summer, was an American singer, songwriter, and actress.
It was succeeded as Irish representative at the 1966 Contest by Dickie Rock with Come Back to Stay.
At the close of voting, it had received 157 points, placing 2nd in a field of 25.
The same year she also featured in Michael Barrymore's My Kind of Music.
The entry was performed in the semifinals of the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 in Helsinki, Finland on May 10, 2007 at number 07,.
As Denmark had finished in the top 10 in the 2005 contest, the song was pre-qualified for the final.
The song received 67 points, placing 9th in a field of 19 and qualifying Albania to the final for the first time since 2005.
This was the first time that the Portuguese entry was not fully sung in Portuguese.
It received 51 points and ranked 11th among 25.
As Portugal had not finished the 2003 Contest in the top 10, the song was performed in the semi-final.
This was Bano and Power's second Eurovision entry, following 1976's "We'll Live It All Again" which finished 7th in a field of 18.
Fabian also recorded the song in English and German language versions, as "Trust" and "Glaub'" respectively.
The song was performed sixth on the night, following Luxembourg's Géraldine with "Toi" and preceding Switzerland's Simone Drexel with "Mikado".
At the close of voting, it had received 27 points, placing 16th in a field of 20.
"Sokrati" was the Greek entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1979, performed in Greek by Elpida.
Evridiki returned to the Contest in 1994 and 2007 with "Eimai Anthropos Ki Ego" and "Comme Ci, Comme Ça" respectively.
It was the twenty-second song of the night and qualified for the final after receiving 224 points, second only to Serbia.
The song was revealed on 22 February 2014, and was made available for digital download the next day through the iTunes Store.
At the close of voting, it had received 23 points, placing 15th in a field of 19.
Montenegro participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2015 in Sofia, Bulgaria.
The song describes the pleasure and pain of love in terms of colours and elements.
The song deals with Vukov telling about the importance of the ships in his neighbourhood.
The song was performed fourth on the night, following Spain's Antonio Carbonell with "¡Ay, qué deseo!"
At the close of voting, it had received 45 points, placing 12th in a field of 25.
The girls sing such lyrics as "So rock me, Baby, heut ist alles egal".
Georgia won the contest with 108 points.
It was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 1981 Contest by Bacchelli with "Y sólo tú".
The song was performed in German by the duo Hoffmann & Hoffmann, consisting of brothers Michael and Günther.
The song is a klapa song and can also be considered a Dalmatian ballad for having influence from traditional Croatian music.
At the close of voting, it had received 3 points, placing 13th in a field of 16.
The song was performed third on the night.
On the Contest night, she performed in a floor-length orange gown while her five backup singers were clad in black.
The song was a great commercial success in Spain, reaching number one at the Los 40 Principales playlist.
At the close of voting, it had received 9 points, placing 7th in a field of 18.
The song represented San Marino in the first semi-final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 on 10 May 2011.
It was succeeded as Greek representative at the 1990 Contest by Christos Callow & Wave with "Horis Skopo".
The song was performed tenth on the night.
The song is a plea for global unity, with the duo explaining that they love all their children, regardless of their appearance.
She received 55 points, placing joint 16th in a field of 25.
At the close of voting, it had received no points, placing 25th in a field of 25.
The album was also issued in Spain as LOS EXITOS DE BACCARA With a laminated G/F cover.
Barrière also recorded the song in German and Italian, as "Du gingst fort ohne Abschied" and "Era troppo carina" respectively.
The song was succeeded as Austrian representative in the 1962 Contest by Eleonore Schwarz singing "Nur in der wiener Luft".
As he expresses it in the lyrics, "Always remember: what you do/You'll see it again in my face".
While the Contest was still predominantly a radio show at the time, the conservative social mores ensured that this event has entered Eurovision folklore.
"Olou Tou Kosmou I Elpida" was the Greek entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, performed in Greek by Cleopatra.
A strong majority of the population identify themselves as Eastern Orthodox Christians and are native speakers of Romanian, a Romance language.
The song was performed ninth on the night, following Estonia's Sahlene with "Runaway" and preceding Israel's Sarit Hadad with "Nadlik Beyakhad Ner".
At the close of voting, it had received 53 points, placing 12th in a field of 20.
It was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 1993 contest by Ruth Jacott with "Vrede".
Teen-pop group Candy was externally selected to represent Georgia with the song "Candy Music".
She sings that she regrets the words she used, so she "tore a page out of my diary".
The song was performed fourth on the night.
"Ceol an Ghrá" was Ireland's entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1972, performed in Irish by Sandie Jones.
He sings that he is "back in Ireland", which implies that the romance took place during a trip through Europe.
At the close of voting, it had received 106 points, placing 3rd in a field of 19.
"One Good Reason" was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1999, performed in English by Marlayne.
The song was succeeded as Romanian representative at the 2009 contest by Elena Gheorghe with "The Balkan Girls".
A Maltese language version was also recorded, titled Sejjaħ u ssibni.
At the close of voting, it had received 32 points, placing 12th in a field of 19.
The scoreboard of the 1956 Contest has never been made public, making any statements about placing and points impossible.
The song was composed by Rune Braager, Marcus Winther-John, Lene Dissing, Susanne and Pernille Georgi, with lyrics by Josep Roca Vila.
The song was performed by Ruslan Aslanov.
Lyrically, the song is a lament for the singers' lost youths.
Commentary both before and after Silvía's performance stressed the fact that she was a television character, rather than a real person.
Prévost also recorded an English language version of the song, entitled "Somewhere, Sometime".
It had been believed to have been painted between 1503 and 1506; however, Leonardo may have continued working on it as late as 1517.
Scott also recorded the song in English and Spanish, as "Fernando and Filipo" and "Fernando y Felipe".
"Romantica" is a song written by Italian singer-songwriter Renato Rascel with Dino Verde.
At the close of voting, it had received 51 points, placing 9th in a field of 20.
"Playback" was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1981, performed in Portuguese by Carlos Paião.
The runner-up in the pre-selections was Warnerbring himself with his second entry, "En valsfan".
It was succeeded as German representative at the 2002 Contest by Corinna May with "I Can't Live Without Music".
This was the first English language Montenegrin entry at Eurovision, as well as the first time the country was represented by a female soloist.
This Geraldine later married the song's composer, Phil Coulter.
The song was performed fourth on the night.
The song was performed sixteenth on the night, following Greece's Tania Tsanaklidou with "Charlie Chaplin" and preceding Luxembourg's Baccara with "Parlez-vous français?".
At the close of voting, it had received 21 points, placing 17 th in a field of 22.
Thus, the song was succeeded as Israeli representative at the 1985 Contest by Izhar Cohen with "Olé, Olé".
The audience cheered at the song, not unexpectedly since the contest took place in the United Kingdom, but the jury had another opinion.
"L'amour de ma vie" was the Luxembourgish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986, performed in French by Canadian singer Sherisse Laurence.
"Für zwei Groschen Musik" was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1958, performed in German by Margot Hielscher.
The sound is likened to "the polka from Brno".
Significantly, no Maltese language version was recorded, only the second time in history that this was the case.
At the close of voting, it had received 21 points, placing 14th in a field of 18.
Here, it was performed fifth, following Latvia's Fomins & Kleins with "Dziesma par laimi", and preceding Andorra's Marta Roure with "Jugarem a estimar-nos".
For the performance of the song in Luxembourg, McKellar wore the traditional Scottish kilt.
It scored zero points at the Eurovision Song Contest semi-final, thereby failing to qualify for the final.
"Swiss Lady" was the Swiss entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1977, performed in German by Pepe Lienhard Band.
Composed by Maxim Fadeev and with lyrics by Brenda Loring.
It has been argued that this was due to it being the weaker of two string quartet songs in its semi final
At the close of voting, it had received 7 points, placing it 6th in a field of 10.
"Nek' ti bude ljubav sva" is a song by Croatian singer Tony Cetinski, and was the Croatian entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 1994.
Ruth Lorenzo represented Spain with the song "Dancing in the Rain", which placed 9th in the final, scoring 74 points.
It was succeeded as Luxembourgish representative at the 1978 Contest by Baccara with "Parlez-vous français?
At the close of voting, it had received 33 points, placing it 13th in a field of 18.
In a pre-emptive move before the "free language rule" was reinstated, the song features a series of Anglicisms, particularly in the chorus.
"On My Own" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2001, performed in English by Haldor Lægreid.
The song is a love ballad, with the singer asking her lover to "play the strings of my heart" rather than leave.
Hayko addresses himself to his lover, telling her that while other relationships end, theirs will endure.
The song received 21 points, placing 16th in a field of 25.
The song was also chosen as the Italian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1965, performed in Italian by Bobby Solo.
The song was performed eighth on the night, following Finland's Ann Christine with "Playboy" and preceding Austria's Udo Jürgens with "Merci Chérie".
By the close of voting, it had received 26 points, placing it 2nd in a field of 18.
She sings about the reasons this person should come to her, including that he or she will "bring a light to the dark night".
It was chosen to represent Moldova at the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Denmark after winning O Melodie Pentru Europa 2014.
"Hou toch van mij" was the Belgian representative at the Eurovision Song Contest 1959, performed in Dutch by Bob Benny.
The song itself is in the chanson style and features Jürgens telling a friend what to tell a former lover.
In spite of the language barrier, she sings that "I understand the looks you are sending".
"Horis Skopo" was the Greek entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990, performed in Greek by Christos Callow & Wave.
the musicians Antonis Tourkoyiorgis, Akis Tourkoyiorgis, Vassilis Roussis, Victoria Halkiti and Christina Anagnostopoulou as vocalists.
Kati managed to get to the final, but did not qualify for the superfinal.
The song is sung from the perspective of a woman who has "stayed in the park" at night with "a good friend".
The song was performed third on the night, following Israel's Gili & Galit with "Derekh Hamelekh" and preceding the Netherlands' Justine with "Blijf zoals je bent".
The original Hebrew title of the song is "Ke'ilu Kan".
The song was performed eighth on the night, following the United Kingdom's Lulu with "Boom Bang-a-Bang" and preceding Sweden's Tommy Körberg with "Judy, min vän".
As the title suggests, the disco-influenced song contains several references to the nursery rhyme of the same name; "Frère Jacques, dormez-vous?"
It was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1965 contest by Yovanna with "Non, à jamais sans toi".
It scored 111,996 votes, compared to runner-up Julie C's 51,449 votes.
At the Contest, the three of them performed the song with choreographed dancing being displayed behind them.
In qualifying to represent Ireland, Harte won the talent show "You're a Star" in Ireland.
"Wat een dag" was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1961, performed in Dutch by Greetje Kauffeld.
Throughout the voting, "Let Me Try" has received the maximum 12 points-point from four countries.
The song is a ballad, with Rieu greeting "the great artist" and reminding him or her that it is time to get to work painting.
The song deals, at least in part, with the power of love, as in lines such as "If she refused – there's no hope".
The song is in the chanson style, popular in the early years of the Contest.
The song was performed twelfth on the night.
It was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 2004 Contest by Knut Anders Sørum with "High".
During the winners' encore lead vocalist Emilija Kokić sang the song in English.
At Svensktoppen, the song stayed for 10 weeks with a 2nd place as best result there.
Pınar Ayhan, who performed the entry with her backing group, the S.O.S., also co-wrote the song.
For his performance in the E.S.C., Mickey wore a black suit, and played a green guitar.
At the close of the voting had received 55 points, placing 10th in a field of 24.
"Kärleken är" is a ballad in Swedish about love.
The group also recorded the song in English and German and as a multilingual French/English/German medley.
The song was performed third on the night, following Greece's Christos Callow & Wave with "Horis Skopo" and preceding Turkey's Kayahan with "Gözlerinin Hapsindeyim".
The song is in the chanson mode, popular in the early years of the Contest.
At the close of voting, it had received 85 points, placing 6th in a field of 24.
"Never The End" was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986, performed in Finnish by Kari Kuivalainen.
"Ljubim te pesmama" was the Yugoslav entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, sung in Serbian by Snežana Berić, also known as Extra Nena.
The song represented Israel at the 1973 edition of the Eurovision Song Contest, as the country's debut entry in the contest.
At the close of voting, it had received 80 points, placing 7th in a field of 23.
The song was composed by Serge Gainsbourg, who previously had written France Gall's winning entry "Poupée de cire, poupée de son" in 1965, representing Luxembourg.
His compositions and arrangements attracted fans of all ages.
6 on the UK Albums Chart and at No.
The song was performed sixteenth on the night, following Monaco's Françoise Hardy with "L'amour s'en va".
"Ce soir-là" was the Monegasque entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1960, performed in French by French singer François Deguelt.
It was succeeded as Russian representative at the 1995 Contest by Philip Kirkorov with "Kolibelnaya dlya vulkana".
It was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 1967 Contest by Thérèse Steinmetz with "Ring-dinge-ding".
"Laiskotellen" was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1964, performed in Finnish by Lasse Mårtenson.
Horepse was the Greek entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997, performed in Greek by Marianna Zorba.
The song entered the UK Singles Chart on 14 May 2006 reaching the Top 10 the next week and peaking at number 8.
The uncharacteristic style and performance was remarked upon by the BBC commentator immediately following the performance, who said " - Who knew Monaco was so versatile?"
It is later revealed, however, that the lover he sings about is no longer with him, something which plays on his mind considerably.
It was succeeded as Swiss representative by Jean Philippe with "Le retour".
The song was performed first on the night.
The song was performed twenty-fourth on the night.
The song was succeeded as Spanish representative by D'NASH with "I Love You Mi Vida".
It was succeeded as British representative at the 1980 Contest by Prima Donna with "Love Enough for Two".
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1969 Contest by Simone de Oliveira with "Desfolhada portuguesa".
Schwarz sings about the magical quality of the wind in Vienna, which inspires the Waltz among other things.
The chorus is sung again, this time slower and in an operatic style by Ludwig with Julie performing vocal embellishments to the lyric.
It represented Bulgaria at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf.
The song is an up-tempo number, with Grech describing his feelings as he waits at the main bus terminal in Valletta for his lover to arrive.
This anthem was also used by demonstrators in Belarus, after an election that was alleged to have irregularities.
The song was composed by Hans van Hemert and written by Gerrit den Braber, a duo with several previous entries to their credit.
Marie would go on to host the Eurovision Song Contest 2003.
He suggests that his former lover is unaware of the pain she has caused him, while also contending that "rock 'n' roll will heal your soul".
Lyrically, the song deals with lead singer Renārs Kaupers and his feelings for his lover.
"Fleur de liberté" was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1974, performed in French by Jacques Hustin.
"Katson sineen taivaan" was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1979, performed in Finnish by Katri Helena.
The original title of the song was "Päivä kahden ihmisen" but the name and one line in the lyrics were changed before the contest.
As Lithuania had not qualified for the final at the 2004 Contest, the song was performed in the semi-final.
At the close of voting, it had received 5 points, placing 9th in a field of 16.
He sings that he was instantly attracted to her, despite having no knowledge about where she was from or where she was going.
"Dag efter dag" is a song in Swedish, with melody by Lasse Holm and text by Monica Forsberg.
"Goeiemorgen, morgen" was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1971, performed in Dutch by Jacques Raymond and Lily Castel.
"Catherine" was the Luxembourgish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1969, performed in French by French singer Romuald.
The song was performed eleventh on the night, following Austria's Tony Wegas with "Maria Magdalena" and preceding France's Patrick Fiori with "Mama Corsica").
It was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1983 contest by Mariella Farré with "Io così non ci sto".
On 25 September 2015 it was revealed that group The Virus will represent Georgia in the contest with the song "Gabede".
Lyrically, the song is a plea from the singer to her lover to "cuddle me tight".
"Cinéma" was the Swiss entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980, performed in French by Paola Del Medico.
She sings that she can't separate the two memories, no matter how hard she tries.
"Moitié, moitié" was the Swiss entrant to the Eurovision Song Contest 1987, held in Brussels, Belgium, and was performed in French.
The song is an up-tempo disco number, heralding a move towards this style of performance in later years.
"Há sempre alguém" was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990, performed in Portuguese by Nucha.
It was succeeded as Greek representative at the 1991 Contest by Sophia Vossou with I Anixi.
"The Bad Old Days" was the British entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1978, performed in English by Co-Co.
It was succeeded as Belgian representative at the 1996 Contest by Lisa del Bo singing "Liefde is een kaartspel".
As Albania had finished 7th in the final of the 2004 contest, the song was automatically qualified for the final.
The song title was transliterated at the contest as "Hi", and has also been credited in other media as "Khay", "Jai", "Hay" and "Chai".
The song is in Catalan, the first time this language was performed in the contest.
The song was performed twenty-third on the night.
"Für den Frieden der Welt" was the Austrian representative at the Eurovision Song Contest 1994, performed in German by Petra Frey.
Christy recorded the song in five languages; French, Italian, Spanish, German and English.
"Laat me nu gaan" was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1985, performed in Dutch by Linda Lepomme.
"Lejla" was the Bosnian and Herzegovinian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006, performed in the country's native language by Hari Mata Hari.
at the close of the voting it had received 26 points, placing 16th in a field of 23.
Evridiki returned to the Contest for a third time in 2007 with "Comme Ci, Comme Ça".
At the close of voting, it had received 2 points, placing 15th in a field of 18.
The song was succeeded as winner in 1990 by Toto Cutugno representing Italy with "Insieme: 1992".
"2 Long" was the Polish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2001, performed in English by Andrzej Piaseczny.
"Jennifer Jennings" was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1969, performed in Dutch by Louis Neefs.
"Yaz bitti" was the Turkish entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, held in Malmö, Sweden.
Thus, "Judy, min vän" was succeeded as the Swedish representative at the 1971 contest by Family Four with "Vita vidder".
The song is sung from the perspective of a man whose lover has just ended their relationship.
It was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 1970 Contest by Julio Iglesias with "Gwendolyne".
Lyricist Britt Lindeborg subsequently translated and re-wrote the Swedish lyrics specifically for the Swedish pre-selections, and then changed the title to "Judy, min vän".
The song was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 2002 Contest by Rosa with "Europe's Living a Celebration".
It was chosen to represent France at the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Denmark.
The group's usual line-ups consisted of 20 performers and up from all over the world.
At the close of voting, it had received 2 points, placing last of 24 countries.
In the following week, it rose rapidly to no.16.
Following the Contest, the song was covered by South African boy band Hi-5 as "Die Twist".
It was succeeded as Italian representative at the 1958 Contest by Domenico Modugno with "Nel blu dipinto di blu".
"A Monster Like Me" is a song written by Norwegian singer-songwriter Kjetil Mørland and performed by Mørland and Debrah Scarlett.
It was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1974 Contest by Piera Martell with "Mein Ruf nach dir".
As the previous Belarusian entry had not finished in the top 10, Smolova performed the song in the semi-final.
"Derekh Hamelekh" was the Israeli entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1989, performed in Hebrew by Gili & Galit.
It was succeeded as Irish representative at the 1975 Contest by The Swarbriggs with "That's What Friends Are For".
At the close of voting, it had received 30 points, placing 17th in a field of 22.
The demo of "Come Back" submitted to the BBC to consider for A Song For Europe featured vocalist Bernie Nolan.
"Leť tmou" is a song by Kamil Mikulčík and Nela Pocisková, and was the Slovak entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 2009.
At the close of voting, it had received 85 points, placing 10th in a field of 25 and thus qualifying for the finals.
The song was succeeded as Swedish representative at the 2003 contest by Fame with "Give Me Your Love".
They were replaced in their absence by Jacques Raymond and Lily Castel, but returned to the Contest with "Baby, Baby" in 1973.
Silvía also sings "Let's meet next year in Iceland", a reference to the Contest tradition of hosting rights going to the previous year's winner.
It was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 1972 contest by Sandra & Andres with "Als het om de liefde gaat".
The song is in Spanish, with the exception of one line of the chorus.
It was succeeded as French representative at the 1966 Contest by Dominique Walter with "Chez nous".
"All" was the United Kingdom entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1957 performed in English by Hull born actress and occasional singer Patricia Bredin.
It was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 1982 Contest by Bill van Dijk with "Jij en ik".
It received 133 points to place 7th in the 22-song semi-final and qualify for the final.
"Irelande Douze Pointe" [sic] is a parody song by the puppet act Dustin the Turkey.
"Nomads in the Night" was sung in English.
Darly also recorded an English-language version of the song, entitled "All of Me".
The song is a ballad, with Bandeira lamenting the end of a relationship.
At the close of voting, it had received 14 points, placing 21st in a field of 23.
The song is a dramatic ballad, with the band singing that humanity must learn to overcome its propensity towards hate in order to achieve unity.
The song suggests that sleeping through a nuclear crisis is the best way of avoiding it.
Morey asks if they can "start all over again", and together find "a place beyond the sea/Where the day shines brighter in the dawn".
In the final, it was performed eighteenth.
At the close of voting, it had received 10 points, placing 3rd in a field of 10.
While Brem was performing the song in a usual ballad fashion, the dancers wandered around the surrealistic set performing a very strange dance routine.
At the close of voting, it had received 68 points, placing it 8th in a field of 18.
At the close of voting, it had received 16 points, placing 18th in a field of 23.
Israel opted not to enter the 1984 Contest, but returned to the contest the following year.
In fact, Hungary then opted out of all subsequent Contests from 2000 to 2004, before contributing an entry for the 2005 Contest.
it received 91 points, placing 4th in a field of 18.
It was succeeded as Maltese representative at the 2000 Contest by Claudette Pace with "Desire".
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 2004 Contest by Sofia Vitória with "Foi magia".
This is currently the last song to win for France.
The song is a ballad, with the band singing about the fact that the Portuguese diaspora is to be found worldwide.
"Euro Neuro" is a song by Montenegrin singer Rambo Amadeus.
Kati Wolf is a Hungarian singer and former airline purser.
"Ein Lied kann eine Brücke sein" was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1975, performed primarily in German by Joy Fleming.
The song was succeeded as Montenegrin representative at the 2009 Contest by Andrea Demirović with "Just Get Out of My Life".
At the close of voting, it had received 6 points, placing 19th in a field of 19.
and preceding Sweden's Roger Pontare with "When Spirits Are Calling My Name".
Having made that decision, she immediately thinks the better of it, as "Kjell becomes so incredibly cross" whenever she rides with Arne.
"Sev" was the Turkish entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1995, held in Dublin, Ireland.
At the close of voting, it had received 2 points, placing 12th in a field of 16.
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1978 Contest by Gemini with "Dai li dou".
The song was performed first on the night.
Carbonell sings about a woman who he wanted to find "footprints under your feet" and be bound with her hair.
It was the 7th song performed at the final.
The song was performed fourth in the semi-final of that year's Contest and qualified in second place with 207 points.
It was succeeded as Cypriot representative at the 1989 Contest by Fani Polymeri and Yiannis Savvidakis with "Apopse As Vrethume".
Thus, the song was succeeded as Maltese representative at the 1991 Contest by Georgina & Paul Giordimaina with "Could It Be".
The song itself is a ballad, with Leclerc singing that he and his lover "don't need complicated romances".
DR decided to include "Dansevise" in the opening sequence of the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 Grand Final.
At the close of voting, it had received 31 points, placing 15th in a field of 19.
Thus, it was succeeded as Greek representative at the 1987 Contest by Bang with "Stop".
This song was Norway's best placing until 1985 when they won the contest with La Det Swinge, also in Norwegian.
The song was performed fifteenth on the night, following Germany's Mekado with "Wir geben 'ne Party" and preceding Lithuania's Ovidijus Vyšniauskas with "Lopšinė mylimai".
It was succeeded as Romanian representative at the 2005 Contest by Luminiţa Anghel & Sistem with Let Me Try.
At the close of voting, it had received 125 points, placing 3rd in a field of 20.
At the close of voting, it had received 16 points, placing 17th in a field of 20.
From her perspective, the world changed markedly, with "the blue of the sky" ceasing to be as blue as it was.
Nije ljubav stvar is a song by Serbian singer Željko Joksimović and yet another one of his well-known Balkan ballads.
At the close of voting, it had received 3 points, placing 9th in a field of 16.
At the close of voting, it had received 86 points, placing 7th in a field of 25.
At the close of voting, it had received 17 points, placing 16th in a field of 18.
There is a song by band Deerhoof of the same name.
The song was composed by Aldoğan Şimşekyay and Aylin Uçanlar and was sung by Aylin Vatankoş.
It is the first Cypriot song in Greek since "Femme Fatale" in 2008.
In 1988, Swedish record company manager and former politician Bert Karlsson recorded a Swedish cover version entitled "Hoppa Hulle".
The song was performed twenty-third on the night.
At the close of voting, it had received 39 points, placing 12th in a field of 19.
NOTE: While recording her all-Italian version, Connie wrote her own English lyrics to the song.
He says that when there aren't ships the ports are sad, rivieras are deserted and the seagulls died.
Kati managed to get to the final, but did not qualify for the superfinal.
It was succeeded as Belgian representative at the 1976 contest by Pierre Rapsat singing "Judy et Cie".
There are two different orchestrations of the song, which were recorded, the version used at the Eurovision was the later version.
The song was performed second on the night.
It came 11th in the second semi-final, narrowly missing out on a semi-final place.
The song was succeeded as Andorran representative at the Contest by Marian van de Wal singing "La mirada interior".
The song was therefore succeeded as Lithuanian representative at the 2001 Contest by Skamp with "You Got Style".
The song was performed ninth on the night.
At the close of voting, it had received 39 points, placing 12th in a field of 25.
The song was performed fourth on the night.
"Lapponia" was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1977, performed in Finnish by Monica Aspelund.
As previously mentioned, the song appeared as a "Classic" on the CDs and DVDs produced to coincide with the Congratulations special in late 2005.
In December 2016, Billboard Magazine ranked her as the 6th most successful dance artist of all-time.
The song is an up-tempo number, with Hart describing the feelings one gets by being "with the one you love".
The performance is memorable as well, as it featured a whistling solo.
At the close of voting, it had received 86 points, placing 5th in a field of 20.
The song is more up-tempo than the previous winners had been, as well as being somewhat less serious.
It was succeeded as Greek representative at the 2003 Contest by Mando with Never Let You Go.
At the close of voting, it had received 87 points, placing 10th in a field of 24.
He goes on to wonder what the pair have in common anymore.
It totalled 172 points in the polling.
At the close of voting, it had received 5 points, placing 18th in a field of 21.
Jessica Julie Anne Garlick is a Welsh pop singer.
The song was performed second on the night.
The song is a moderately up-tempo number.
The song was performed third on the night.
Here, it was performed eighth, following Portugal's Sofia Vitória with "Foi magia" and preceding Monaco's Märyon with "Notre planète".
The music was composed by Matjaž Vlašič, and the lyrics were written by Urša Vlašič.
She goes on to say that she is also lonely in sympathy to time.
"Nygammal vals" was the Swedish entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1966 in Luxembourg, Luxembourg.
"Wenn du da bist" was the Austrian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1981, performed in German by Marty Brem.
Greece did not enter the 1984 Contest.
The song is written as a dialogue between two people at a party.
She seems prepared to wait quite some time for this to occur.
The song is an environmentally themed track with a moderately up-tempo feel.
"Baunilha e chocolate" was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1995, performed in Portuguese by Tó Cruz.
It was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 1988 Contest by Gerard Joling with "Shangri-La".
In the final, it was performed eighteenth, following Germany's Gracia with "Run & Hide" and preceding Greece's Elena Paparizou with "My Number One".
"Piove" is an Italian song written by Domenico Modugno and Eduardo Verde.
"Visionary Dream" was the Georgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007, performed in English by Sopho.
The song was performed eleventh on the night.
A brief excerpt from the performance was shown as part of a montage at the Congratulations special, provoking a positive reaction from the audience.
For Snoop Doggy Dogg's song named *Pump Pump", see here
It was succeeded as German representative at the 1965 Contest by Ulla Wiesner with "Paradies, wo bist du?
It is the second time Swedish lyrics are used for a Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest, the first being "Fri?"
The song was featured on the track-list of her 2013 debut studio album Krive riječi.
The song was performed twelfth on the night of the Eurovision Song Contest.
"À force de prier" was the Luxembourgish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1963, performed in French by Greek singer Nana Mouskouri.
At the close of voting, it had received 97 points, placing 5th in a field of 22 entries.
It was succeeded as Estonian representative at the 1996 Contest by Maarja-Liis Ilus & Ivo Linna with "Kaelakee hääl".
Tonia also recorded the song in Dutch, then under the title "Een beetje suiker".
Additionally, it was the first time that a host nation had ever submitted an entry in a minority language.
The song deals with the singer's idols, many of whom are European composers such as Debussy and Tchaikovsky.
"Het is een wonder" was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1981, performed in Dutch by Linda Williams.
The song is the very first hit in Marion Rung's long career.
was the Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1965, performed in Spanish by Conchita Bautista.
At the close of voting, it had received 120 points, placing 5th in a field of 25.
"Europe's Living a Celebration" English:  was the Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002, performed in Spanish by Rosa.
"Nomads in the Night" was the song that represented Lithuania at Eurovision Song Contest 2008, in Belgrade, Serbia.
It was succeeded as Monegasque representative at the 2006 Contest by Séverine Ferrer with "La Coco-Dance".
Romania is a sovereign state located in Southeastern Europe.
The song is a love ballad, with Evridiki telling her lover that they each want the same thing.
"Stjärnorna" was the Swedish entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1994, composed by Peter Bertilsson and Mikael Littwold and sung by Marie Bergman and Roger Pontare.
The song was performed eighth on the night, following Sweden's Friends with "Listen To Your Heartbeat" and preceding Latvia's Arnis Mednis with "Too Much".
It was covered by Grup Vitamin, Turkish parody music group as "Acaba Bu Ne Baba Be ?"
"Gente di mare" was the Italian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1987, performed in Italian by Umberto Tozzi & Raf.
The other three were Belgium's Fud Leclerc with "Ton nom", Spain's Víctor Balaguer with "Llámame" and Austria's Eleonore Schwarz with "Nur in der wiener Luft".
It was succeeded as Israeli representative at the 1976 Contest by Chocolate, Menta, Mastik with Emor Shalom.
This represents one of a very small number of Contests where the same writer has represented two countries at once.
Billboard Hot 100 chart in her lifetime, with 14 of those reaching the top ten.
The song was written by Tjeerd Oosterhuis, Maarten ten Hove and Martin Gijzemijter.
At the close of voting, the song had received 8 points, placing it fifth in a field of 10.
The song thus has the dubious honour of being one of the first to fail to record a point in Contest history.
Jakob Sveistrup did not take advantage of this, having performed his song in Danish at the national finals and recording a Danish language version as well.
It was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 1961 Contest by Greetje Kauffeld with "Wat een dag".
As Iceland had not qualified for the final at the 2005 Contest, the song was performed in the semi-final.
In the Eurovision 1997 contest the song was performed twentieth on the night, following Hungary's V.I.P.
As befits the triumphant lyrical theme, the song is performed over an up-tempo beat.
Flieger was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1989, performed in German by Italian singer Nino de Angelo.
"Tipi-tii" was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1962, performed in Finnish by Marion Rung, composed by Kari Tuomisaari, who also wrote the lyrics.
It was succeeded as Belgian representative in the 1980 Contest by Telex performing "Euro-Vision".
The song deals with the feelings of a woman who has taken part in a one-night stand.
It is the first Norwegian entry where the artist performed his or her own composition.
"La dolce vita" was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1989, performed in Finnish by Anneli Saaristo.
The song is a motivational one, urging Zegers' listeners to "go forward in life" and maybe even "revive Rome".
"Sangen om dig" was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1964, performed in Danish by Bjørn Tidmand.
The song was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 2009 contest by Waldo's People with "Lose Control".
"Varjoon - suojaan" was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1967, performed in Finnish by Fredi.
The English translation, released some time after the Contest, took much the same theme, titling the song "Golden Shoes".
He just made it to plug it in before the start of the second verse.
At the 50th anniversary celebration of the Eurovision Song Contest in 2005, it was chosen as the best song in the competition's history.
"Lady Alpine Blue" was the Russian entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2001.
At the close of the voting it had received 16 points, placing 3rd in a field of 16.
Thus, the song was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1999 contest by Michael Teschl & Trine Jepsen with "This Time I Mean It".
At the close of voting, it had received 5 points, placing 11th in a field of 17.
The song ends with the line "After the goodbye, deep sadness", by which point the lyrics have caught up with the end of the relationship itself.
The song was at Svensktoppen for four weeks during the period 17 April 1977 – 8 May 1977, peaking at #6.
He sings that he will have to leave in the morning, so they should make the most of what they have now.
Kaija also recorded the song in English and - very unusually - Italian, then under the titles "One More Lonely Night" and "Una notte folle" respectively.
The song was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 2006 contest by "Coisas de nada", which was performed by Nonstop.
Hautala also recorded ""Kun kello käy"" in Swedish as "Vänta och se" whose lyrics were written by Stig Anderson.
The song was written by Tony Hatch
Gallo sings of his mixed feelings at seeing a former lover and realising that she is no longer interested in him.
It had been selected by the other contestants as the most likely to win on the night.
In the Estonian preselection Eurolaul, the winner was selected from 13 entries by an international jury.
These points got Turkey directly in the contest following year without need to perform in the qualifications.
For her performance, Pinar wore a long, white sleeveless gown, while her two backing dancers wore black.
"I Do" was the Maltese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006, performed in English by Fabrizio Faniello.
It was succeeded as Israeli representative at the 1991 Contest by Duo Datz with "Kan".
It was succeeded as Luxembourgish representative at the 1980 Contest by Sophie & Magaly with "Papa Pingouin".
It is an up-tempo pop song with rock and Arabic influences.
The song was written by Stephan Berg and was performed by the band Blond.
"Looking High, High, High" is a song by British singer Bryan Johnson, that represented the United Kingdom at the Eurovision Song Contest 1960, performed in English.
Irna Phillips was a story editor for Days of Our Lives and many of the show's earliest storylines were written by William J.
The song was performed sixteenth and last on the night, following Belgium's Robert Cogoi with "Près de ma rivière".
The song was composed by Aleksandar Čović, and was performed by the Bosnian rock band Regina.
The song was performed twenty-third on the night.
I Admit was the Romanian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004, performed in English by Sanda.
The single peaked at #3 at the Swedish singles chart.
On 20 May 2008 Boaz performed the song in the first semi-final of Eurovision, and won a place in the final after finishing 5th.
Such a theme is common in Portuguese entries, for example the country's 1995 entry.
In 2007 he additionally obtained Swiss citizenship.
The song is a ballad, with Vige directing her words to a lover.
"Alvedansen" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006, performed in Norwegian by Christine Guldbrandsen.
She wonders if perhaps the world is too busy to be happy, but this does not diminish her joy.
"I'm Not Afraid To Move On" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2003.
Carrell tells his lover that he is exceptionally fortunate to be part of the world and to be in love with her.
Connie reveals this in her autobiography  to be published in Summer 2017.
The full song was nearly four minutes long, but was shortened to abide by Eurovision rules.
Bautista also recorded an Italian language version of the song under the title "Che bueno, che bueno".
It was succeeded as Monegasque representative at the 1969 Contest by Jean Jacques with "Maman, Maman".
The song is a ballad, with Szigeti singing about his attempt to meet with an old friend but having no luck.
"More than Love" was the Maltese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1994, performed in English by Cristopher Scicluna & Moira Stafrace.
The song was performed eleventh on the night.
The song was written by Niklas Strömstedt.
Macedonia participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2015 in Sofia, Bulgaria.
This was the first time that the Albanian entry in the contest was sung in Albanian.
Nascimento was the first black male performer at Eurovision, the year after Milly Scott from the Netherlands became the first black female to sing.
This is the only one song in the Eurovision history when two version of the same song are singing in one song.
No studio recording of the song is known to exist.
"Femme dans ses rêves aussi" was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1985, performed in French by Roger Bens.
He concludes by singing that he wishes to remain a child.
The song finished the 20th, with 45 points.
"Pridi, dala ti bom cvet" is a song that was Yugoslavia's entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1970.
The entry won that representation by an absolute majority, winning the 20% televote, 20% SMS vote, 20% pre-vote and the 40% jury vote.
"All Out of Luck" was the Icelandic entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1999, performed in English by Selma.
This was Iceland's debut entry in the Eurovision Song Contest and consequently the first time that Icelandic had been heard.
It was succeeded as Luxembourgish representative at the 1977 contest by Anne-Marie Besse with "Frère Jacques".
The song was written and produced by Madonna and Martin Solveig, with additional writing by M.I.A., Minaj and Michael Tordjman.
The Hoffmann brothers also recorded the song in English, then entitled "Love Gives".
Significantly, this was the first occasion on which no Dutch language version of a Dutch Eurovision entry was recorded.
At the close of voting, it had received 12 points, placing 21st in a field of 25.
The lyrics include the image that love makes one "a musician/A real little Chopin/just for a blonde".
At the close of voting, it had received 5 points, placing 22nd in a field of 25.
It was succeeded as Spanish entry at the 1962 Contest by Victor Balaguer with "Llámame".
The uncharacteristically patriotic tilt of the lyrics can be explained by the fact that the Contest that year took place in The Hague.
It was succeeded as Israeli representative at the 1988 Contest by Yardena Arazi with "Ben Adam".
In addition to the Dutch and English versions Christy also recorded the song in French and German.
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1966 contest by Madalena Iglésias with "Ele e ela".
Initially the song did not enjoy much popularity among the general public, but that seemed to change after its relatively high placing in the international contest.
At the close of voting, it had received 91 points, placing 5th in a field of 18.
The song received 8 points, placing 8th in a field of 18.
But, due to the accusations of tactical voting of the RTCG jury members, UJRT decided that Serbia and Montenegro would withdraw from ESC 2006.
It was succeeded as Croatian representative at the 2001 contest by Vanna with "Strings of My Heart".
It was succeeded as Maltese representative at the 1997 Contest by Debbie Scerri with "Let Me Fly".
The song was performed first on the night.
At the close of voting, it had received 29 points, placing 14th in a field of 23.
It was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 1963 Contest by Annie Palmen with "Een speeldoos".
The song was succeeded as French representative at the 2009 contest by Patricia Kaas with "Et s'il fallait le faire".
At the close of voting, it had received 4 points, placing 23rd in a field of 23.
It is Montenegro's most successful entry to date, placing 13th in the final of 27 participants.
It was succeeded as Greek representative at the 1978 Contest by Tania Tsanaklidou with "Charlie Chaplin".
It was succeeded as Maltese representative at the 2005 Contest by Chiara with "Angel".
It won for Armenia in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2010, held in Minsk, Belarus scoring 120 points.
In turn, lyricist Veikko 'Vexi' Salmi had also written the lyrics to 1979 entry "Katson sineen taivaan".
As Latvia had not qualified for the finals at the 2004 Contest, the song was performed in the semi-finals.
"If I Could Choose" was the Irish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1967, performed in English by Sean Dunphy.
The song tells of the joy of finding true love for the first time, after a string of bad relationships:
Thus, when the song was eventually performed in the semi-final, it was greeted with jeers from much of the audience.
"Adio" is a song by Montenegrin singer Knez.
Composer-lyricist combination Philip Vella and Gerard James Borg provided the Maltese entry at the 2002, 2004, 2007, 2008, and 2017 Contests.
The song was performed eighth on the night.
"À la folie ou pas du tout" was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1972, performed in French by Serge & Christine Ghisoland.
Romuald recorded the song in four languages; French, German, Spanish and Italian.
Ramón Orlando Valoy was born on July 29, 1960 in Manoguayabo, Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.
The song was performed fourth on the night.
"De eerste keer" was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996, performed in Dutch by Maxine & Franklin Brown.
It was succeeded as Maltese representative at the 1998 Contest by Chiara with "The One That I Love".
The title comes from her description of him as having "the makings of my seventh wonder".
Day cautions her listeners that "when you fall in love, you pay/The wages of love".
The song was performed 13th in the semi-final, following Lithuania's Linas & Simona with "What's Happened To Your Love?"
The song is in the chanson style popular in the early years of the Contest.
The song deals with the global currency of popular music.
At the close of voting, it had received 26 points, placing 14th in a field of 20.
The recording by Dana became an international hit.
At the close of voting, it had received 77 points, placing 6th in a field of 18.
The song is sung from the point of view of a young woman on the eve of her wedding.
The lyrics suggest that this person has been beset by problems, and that Sørum believes he can go some way to curing them.
It was performed fifth, following Moldova's Zdob şi Zdub with "Boonika bate doba" and preceding Monaco's Lise Darly with "Tout de moi".
The song is an environmentally-themed ballad, with Krüger describing a woman who is "standing guard for our earth".
The song was performed sixth on the night, following Germany's Katja Ebstein with "Diese Welt" and preceding France's Serge Lama with "Un jardin sur la terre".
It was succeeded as Maltese representative at the 1996 Contest by Miriam Christine with "In A Woman's Heart".
The song managed to finish 2nd as the best result at Svensktoppen and 1st at the Swedish singles chart.
Filippo's occupation is never made clear, however he also makes a similar trip despite the handicap of apparently not having a car.
At the close of voting, it had received 7 points, placing it 10th in a field of 17.
It was written by Stijepo Stražičić and composed by Đelo Jusić, Stipica Kalogjera.
English, German Oliver"), French and Swedish versions of the song were also released after the Contest.
Goran Karan with "Kad zaspu anđeli" succeeded Dragović as Croatian representative at the 2000 Contest.
Passion develops between the two; "Every burning hot winter our love made the earth tremble", but one day men come for the stranger.
Bulgaria has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 11 times since making its debut at the 2005 contest in Kiev.
The song is sung from the perspective of a young woman watching a man and his dog in a park.
It was succeeded as German representative at the 2005 Contest by Gracia with "Run & Hide".
She became known as the "Queen of Disco", while her music gained a global following.
The song is a ballad in which Benny sings about needing to part from his lover in September.
The song is a moderately up-tempo number, with Cid describing his unbounded love.
The song was performed twelfth on the night, following the Netherlands' Marlayne with "One Good Reason" and preceding Iceland's Selma with "All Out of Luck".
The English version by Vicky Leandros also appeared as "Colours of Love" in some locations including the UK.
"Flieger" was composed by Dieter Bohlen, internationally best known as one half of the very successful German Europop duo Modern Talking.
"Love Is Blind" is a song by singer Donny Montell.
Brühl also recorded the song in English.
But by all means, I could be wrong...
At the close of voting, it had received 88 points, placing 5th in a field of 21.
It was internally selected to represent Macedonia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Denmark.
Dalma also recorded the song in French and Italian, as "Danser contre toi" and "Ballare stretti" respectively.
The song deals with Neefs' worries, which are caused by a love interest.
"Die Sommermelodie" was the West-German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1974, performed in German by Cindy & Bert.
It was succeeded as Turkish representative at the 1982 Contest by Neco with "Hani?
The song won 60% of the jury's vote and 66% of the televotes.
The song was succeeded as Monegasque representative at the 1967 Contest by Minouche Barelli with "Boum-Badaboum".
The song is a ballad, in which the speaker asks an absent lover what has become of him.
"Don't Close Your Eyes" was Slovakia's entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 2012, sung by Max Jason Mai.
"Judy, min vän" was performed ninth on the night, following the Netherlands's Lenny Kuhr with "De troubadour" and preceding Belgium's Louis Neefs with "Jennifer Jennings".
In the final, it was performed twelfth.
The song was performed fifth on the night, following Israel's Chocolate, Menta, Mastik with "Emor Shalom" and preceding Belgium's Pierre Rapsat with "Judy et Cie".
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 2002 contest by Laura with "Addicted To You".
"När jag blundar" is a song by Pernilla Karlsson.
At the close of voting, it had received 76 points, placing 6th in a field of 25.
The Netherlands thus achieved the rare feat of going from last to first in the space of one year.
It was succeeded as Latvian representative at the 2006 Contest by Cosmos with "I Hear Your Heart".
The song was performed 6th on the night, following Italy's Riccardo Fogli with "Per Lucia" and preceding Spain's Remedios Amaya with "Quién maneja mi barca".
At the close of voting, it had received 17 points, placing 2nd in a field of 16.
"Tænker altid på dig" was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980, performed in Danish by Bamses Venner.
It features the backgrounding of percussion band Sistem.
The two Italians, it seems, despair of ever returning to Naples.
On the night of the contest the song was performed 15th.
Erika was dressed in a skimpy white bodice, with a cream-coloured sleeve over one arm, and the other bare, and red trousers.
"Mikado" was the Swiss entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1975, performed in German by Simone Drexel.
Ce soir je t'attendais was the Luxembourgish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1966, performed in French by French singer Michèle Torr.
She sang an English version for British television as "The Moment".
He sings that everyone finds love during the season, but frequently forgets it later on.
The song was performed first on the night, preceding Ireland's Eddie Friel with "Dreamin'".
It was succeeded as Slovene representative at the 1996 contest by Regina with "Dan najlepših sanj".
It makes references to wars and natural disasters such as floods, and when the reference to the cucumber is made, the singers sing into cucumbers.
This was Lithuania's debut at the Contest, and consequently the first time that the language had been heard at the Contest.
Just like last years entry, a version was recorded in Icelandic but was not commercially released.
Romania is a developing country and one of the poorest in the European Union.
Days of Our Lives is the most widely distributed soap opera in the United States.
He also comments on the nature of love itself, singing that it is "winning and losing".
"Rendez-vous" was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1983, performed in Dutch by Pas de Deux.
"Pump-Pump" was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1976, performed in English by Fredi & Ystävät.
At the close of the voting, it had received 97 points and placed 3rd in a field of 18, behind the entries of Germany and Israel.
At the close of voting, it had received 18 points, placing 17th in a field of 23.
This was the largest pre-Eurovision competition to date, presented by Yardena Arazi and Yoram Arbell on April 1, 1987.
It was succeeded as Belgian representative at the 1982 Contest by Stella performing "Si tu aimes ma musique".
It was broadcast at 22.55 on 24 April 1974 by 'Emissores Associados de Lisboa'.
The song was succeeded as Ukrainian representative at the 2004 contest by Ruslana with "Wild Dances".
"Leave Me Alone" was Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007.
The song is an up-tempo number, with Sanda confessing her feelings to her lover.
Geraldine recorded the song in two languages; French and her mother tongue English, the latter as "You".
The song was succeeded as contest winner in 1963 by "Dansevise" performed by Grethe & Jørgen Ingmann representing Denmark.
The song was performed fifth on the night, following Austria's Carmela Corren with "Vielleicht geschieht ein Wunder" and preceding Italy's Emilio Pericoli with "Uno per tutte".
The song was succeeded as Russian representative by Dima Bilan with "Never Let You Go".
It was the first time Estonia participated in the contest, after Janika Sillamaa had failed to qualify from the East European final in 1993.
It was performed first in the first semi-final on May 20, 2008 but failed to make it to the final.
The two lovers should be together and one of them will "beg, steal or borrow" in order to "bring" the other love.
The song is a ballad, with Pepel in Kri calling for a day of love in the whole world that never ends.
It was released as a digital download on 21 March 2016 via Kaliopi Music Production.
It was succeeded as Monegasque representative at the 1962 Contest by François Deguelt with "Dis rien".
At the close of voting, it had received 70 points, placing 9th in a field of 24.
The song represented Georgia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016.
The English version was, however, not released for nearly 30 years after the Contest.
At the close of voting, it had received 47 points, placing 10th in a field of 19.
"Tie uuteen päivään" was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1971, performed in Finnish by Markku Aro & Koivistolaiset.
It received 76 points, placing 10th in a field of 23.
At the close of voting, it had received 44 points, placing 13th in a field of 19.
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1988 Contest by Dora with "Voltarei".
The song is sung from the perspective of a man telling his lover that he is tired of the lies on which their relationship is founded.
The song was written prior to finding a suitable artist to perform the song in Malmö.
"It's Nice to Be in Love Again" was the Irish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1977, performed in English by The Swarbriggs Plus Two.
The song is a ballad, with Dulce singing about the fado music of her native country.
At the close of voting, it had received 7 points, placing 11th in a field of 16.
Chiara sings to her lover that, no matter what, she will be "your angel".
They also fined the rapper which was resolved through a confidential agreement.
The song received 2 points, placing 14th in a field of 16.
and preceding Finland's Fredi with "Varjoon - suojaan".
At the close of voting, it had received 136 points, coming first in a field of eighteen.
This comet only can be seen from Earth every 76 years, and could be seen in 1986, named after the astronomer Edmond Halley.
At the close of voting, it had received 20 points, placing 16th in a field of 21.
The song was performed 13th on the night, following Iceland's August & Telma with "Tell Me!"
The song is an up-tempo number, dealing with Ferry's "policy" of being with her lover.
The song was composed and sung by Burak Aydos.
She sings that this is the only way for them to truly live.
The song won, having been awarded the most televotes by the general public and the 7-member expert jury.
With music by Jick Nacassian and lyrics by Rony Sofu, the "Autostop" was Greece's sixth entry in the Contest.
It was succeeded as Cypriot representative at the 1985 Contest by Lia Vissi with "To Katalava Arga".
It was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1964 contest by Anita Traversi singing "I miei pensieri".
At the close of voting, it had received 8 points, placing 5th in a field of 10.
Stop was the Greek entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1987, performed in Greek by Bang.
Originally titled "Voda", the song had its title translated to English for the Contest.
It was succeeded as Luxembourgish representative at the 1967 Contest by Vicky with L'amour est bleu.
Thus, she says that she "picked you, bit you and put you in the basket" and describes her lover's "eyes of plum/And your blackberry mouth".
He sings that "there was nothing left, nothing but my eyes in your eyes".
The song was performed sixteenth on the night.
The song was performed third on the night, following Sweden's Tommy Körberg with "Stad i ljus" and preceding the United Kingdom's Scott Fitzgerald with "Go".
It was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 1964 contest by Anneke Grönloh with "Jij bent mijn leven".
At the close of voting, it had received 107 points, placing 3rd in a field of 18.
"Sentiments songes" was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997, performed in French by Fanny.
The song was performed eighth on the night, following Finland's Laila Halme with "Muistojeni laulu" and preceding Yugoslavia's Vice Vukov with "Brodovi".
The song is a ballad, with Bonnet singing about the wonder of the world when the titular character is with him.
The lyrics were written by Marina Tucaković and Miloš Roganović, while the song was composed by Joksimović.
The song was Ireland's sixth overall victory, and represented an unprecedented third consecutive time that the same country had won the Contest.
"One Day Love" was the Irish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1971, performed in English by Angela Farrell.
The song competed in the first semi-final on 14 May 2013 for a spot in the final on 18 May 2013.
Here, it was performed third, following Austria's Tie Break with "Du bist" and preceding France's Jonatan Cerrada with "À chaque pas".
On stage with Sandra Oxenryd, there were 3 backing singers from Sweden, and Estonians Dagmar Oja and Jelena Juzvik.
After this the group Helen & Joseph also named "9 th group"
It has since been certified platinum by the RIAA for sales of over one million units in the US.
The song was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 2004 contest, being relegated from the 2003 contest, by Piero and the Musicstars with "Celebrate".
It received 121 points, receiving five 12-points, placing 4th in a field of 20, the best-placed song by the trio in the contest.
The list below includes the following information:
"Pe-o margine de lume" is a song performed by the Romanian duet Nico and Vlad Miriţă.
Her most recent Hot 100 hit came in 1999 with "I Will Go With You".
It was succeeded as German representative at the 1959 Contest by Alice & Ellen Kessler with "Heute Abend wollen wir tanzen geh'n".
The song was performed seventh on the night, following Iceland's ICY with "Gleðibankinn" and preceding Turkey's Klips ve Onlar with "Halley".
Où sont-elles passées was the Monegasque entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1964, performed in French by French singer Romuald.
At the close of voting, it had received 4 points, placing 15th in a field of 16.
This was Hungary's best placing since their debut in 1994 which placed 4th.
"Il y aura toujours des violons" was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1978, performed in French by Joël Prévost.
The song itself is a simple ballad, in which Vyšniauskas describes the qualities of his lover in poetic language.
By the close of voting, it had received 128 points, placing it first in a field of 18.
Lied für einen Freund was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1988, performed in German by mother and daughter Maxi & Chris Garden.
She sings that if he can give her "one good reason" to stay together, she can give him two.
It was released as a digital download in Norway on 17 February 2015, later it was included on Mørland's first studio album Make a Sail.
Birthe Kjær herself was in the audience in the premiere weekend.
On April 18, 1982, the song reached the first place at Svensktoppen; where it stayed for nine rounds.
"Vodka" won the Malta Song for Europe 2008 with total 78 points.
It was succeeded as Icelandic representative at the 1997 contest by Paul Oscar with Minn hinsti dans.
It competed in the second semi-final but failed to reach the final.
As the Italian representative, "Romantica" was succeeded at the 1961 Contest by Betty Curtis with "Al di là".
The song deals with the creation of humanity itself, with Hatzigiannis singing about the joyous event that this was.
The song is a dramatic ballad, with Modugno telling his lover that he knows their relationship is about to come to a close.
They also recorded a German version Meine kleine Welt.
It represented Sweden at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Marsa, Malta, placing 13th in a field of 16 songs, scoring 28 points.
"Mi Stamatas" was the Cypriot entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993, performed in Greek by Kyriakos Zimboulakis and Dimos van Beke.
Her male cohorts, Viktoras and Vilius, each wore just one colour- Viktoras wore white, and Vilius black.
The UK resurgence at Eurovision would be short-lived as at Eurovision 2003 the UK entry "Cry Baby" by Jemini would finish last with zero points.
The song was performed twelfth on the night.
The song was performed third on the night, following Luxembourg's Svetlana with "Cours après le temps" and preceding the United Kingdom's Bardo with "One Step Further".
In the final, it was performed sixth, following the Norwegian entry and preceding Moldova's Zdob şi Zdub with "Boonika bate doba".
The song was performed fifteenth on the night.
At the close of voting, it had received 32 points, placing 14th in a field of 25.
It was succeeded as Monegasque representative at the 1968 Contest by Line & Willy with "À chacun sa chanson".
"Viel zu weit" was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993, performed in German by Münchener Freiheit.
This was the first occasion on which the Armenian language was used in a Contest entry.
In 1961, this song was covered by Hong Kong female singer Kong Ling, on her LP album Off-Beat Cha Cha with the local Diamond Records.
It was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 1974 Contest by Mouth & MacNeal with "I See A Star".
He tells her that "We've got the world tonight/Let's hold on together", and explains that she is the reason that his world turns on its axis.
The song was performed seventh on the night.
The song was released on 19 February 2016 and represented Bosnia and Herzegovina in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016 on 10 May.
It was internally selected to represent Montenegro at the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Denmark.
The score was also Malta's second-highest at the time, although it has subsequently become the country's third-highest score.
At the close of voting, it had received 52 points, placing 9th in a field of 18.
It was succeeded as French representative at the 1977 Contest by Marie Myriam with "L'oiseau et l'enfant".
"Un Blodymary" was the Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006, performed in Spanish by Las Ketchup.
The song was performed seventh on the night.
"Chanteur de charme" was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1988, performed in French by Gérard Lenorman.
At the close of voting, it had received the dreaded nul points, placing 13th in a field of 16.
Belgium awarded the UK its only 12 points for the evening.
He seems unaware of the potential consequences of being caught in this act.
He sings that this is "magic" and presents the scenario as a perfect way to be with his lover.
Yardena Arazi made a comeback in 1988 to estrades for ESC, she also was a member of Nahal in the beginning.
"Happy You" was the Lithuanian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002, performed in English by Aivaras.
"Click Clack" is a song recorded by Dutch teen singer Ralf Mackenbach.
It was succeeded as German representative at the 1971 Contest by Ebstein again, this time with "Diese Welt".
"Twist of Love" was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006, performed in English by Sidsel Ben Semmane.
"Feggari Kalokerino" was the Greek entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1981, performed in Greek by Yiannis Dimitras.
"Du bist Musik" was the Austrian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980, performed in German by Blue Danube.
Anna Mjöll asks her listeners if they remember such performers as Louis Armstrong, Frank Sinatra, Elvis Presley and Billie Holiday.
This was Soja and Dostal's second entry in the Contest, in 1978 they had written/composed/produced Spanish disco duo Baccara's "Parlez-vous français?"
At the close of voting, it had received 29 points, placing 15th in a field of 26.
At the close of voting, it had received 57 points, placing 11th in a field of 19.
The song was performed second on the night, following Israel's PingPong with "Sameyakh" and preceding the United Kingdom's Nicki French with "Don't Play That Song Again".
Wind returned to the Contest for a third time in 1992 with "Träume sind für alle da".
Andreas performed it on stage unaccompanied by any other singers or musicians, earning a comparison to Barbra Streisand by one broadcaster.
The song was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 2001 Contest by David Civera singing "Dile que la quiero".
At the close of voting, it had received 104 points, placing 4th in a field of 19.
"Divine" is a song by Sébastien Tellier from his 2008 album Sexuality.
At the close of voting, it had received 125 points, coming second in a field of twenty after Israel's "A-Ba-Ni-Bi".
At the close of voting, it had received 57 points, placing 11th in a field of 23.
The song was performed fourth on the night.
At the close of voting, it had received 55 points, placing 17th in a field of 18.
"Um grande, grande amor" was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980, performed in Portuguese by José Cid.
The song was performed ninth on the night, following Iceland's Stjórnin with "Eitt lag enn" and preceding Israel's Rita with "Shara Barkhovot".
Mardel also recorded the song in Spanish and Italian, as "Jamás, jamás" and "Non dire mai" respectively.
Portugal refused to participate in the 2002 Contest due to internal problems in the Portuguese broadcaster RTP.
It was succeeded as Icelandic representative at the 1993 Contest by Inga with Þá veistu svarið.
Anita Thallaug was selected to go to London, but never recorded the song.
"Nacida para amar" is a sensual love song, with Nina describing a romantic night with her lover.
Ebstein also recorded the song in English, French, Spanish, Italian and Japanese.
The song was succeeded as Austrian representative in the 1987 Contest by Gary Lux singing "Nur noch Gefühl".
Attracting most attention, however, were the lines "You were standing in the shadows, looking quite impossible/I lost my mind and popsicle".
The song is a plea for worldwide peace.
"Zeit" was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997, performed in German by Bianca Shomburg.
The song was performed eleventh on the night.
Brian Hodgson was a musician, producer and composer and former member of the UK pop group Matchbox, writing many of their 8 hits in the UK.
The series was created by husband-and-wife team Ted Corday and Betty Corday.
It was succeeded as Bosnian and Herzegovinian representative at the 2004 contest by Deen with "In The Disco".
It was succeeded as Austrian representative at the 2003 Contest by Alf Poier performing "Weil der Mensch zählt".
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1962 contest by Ellen Winther with "Vuggevise".
"Wat een geluk" was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1960, performed in Dutch by Rudi Carrell.
The song was performed tenth on the night, following Sweden's Chips with "Dag efter dag" and preceding Belgium's Stella with "Si tu aimes ma musique".
The first time came in 1974 with the song "The First Day of Love".
Besides singing, she also took piano and jazz dance classes.
This was the first appearance of a solo drag act in Contest history.
The song was performed seventeenth on the night.
It was succeeded as Swiss representative by Gunvor with "Lass ihn".
The song is an up-tempo, RnB-inspired number.
The song was performed twelfth on the night, following Iceland's Heart 2 Heart with "Nei eða já" and preceding Switzerland's Daisy Auvray with "Mister Music Man".
In the Finnish national final, it was performed by Marjatta Leppänen and Irmeli Mäkelä.
The song was performed fourth on the night, following the United Kingdom's Patricia Bredin with "All" and preceding Austria's Bob Martin with "Wohin, kleines Pony?".
The song was performed fourteenth on the night, following Denmark's Anders Frandsen with "Lige der hvor hjertet slår" and preceding Israel's Duo Datz with "Kan".
"Dukkemann" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1967, performed in Norwegian by Kirsti Sparboe.
Monika Linkytė and Vaidas Baumila were selected to sing the song on 21 February 2015.
Christoforou would later appear as part of One with "Gimme" and at the 2005 Contest performing Ela Ela solo.
In other words, he is prepared to wait as long as it takes.
The lyrics are notable for not containing any Ö or Ä sounds, as otherwise very common in the Finnish language.
At the close of voting, it had received 5 points, placing 23rd in a field of 24.
As Denmark had not finished in the top 10 at the 2004 Contest, the song was performed in the semi-final.
It was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 1995 contest by Secret Garden with "Nocturne".
He explains that Kirkorov's performance was shown last and none of the voting was shown at all in order to give this impression.
The song was sung by Gunvor, who wore a sleeveless, glittering dark red dress for her Eurovision appearance.
The song peaked at number #7 in the Irish Singles chart.
At the close of voting, it had received 9 points, placing 6th in a field of 13.
The song is a love ballad, with the singer explaining that she lives only for "our love", even if it only extends to one night.
She had finished second to Jemini, the winners with the song "Cry Baby".
At the close of voting, it had received 81 points, placing 7th in a field of 24.
"Ik wil alles met je delen" was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990, performed in Dutch by Maywood.
At the close of voting, it had received 61 points, placing 11th in a field of 20.
"Nous vivrons d'amour" was the Luxembourgish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1968, performed in French by Chris Baldo & Sophie Garel.
In 2010, the Israeli artist Yoni Eilat recorded a Yiddish cover of the song, "Der Mentsch", for his album "Tzigayner Neshume".
At the close of voting, it had received 15 points, placing 3rd in a field of 16.
Juror Michael Kocáb stated: "The songs we were choosing from were quite on par with each other in my opinion.
It was also the first time in the contest when a song scored over 200 points.
At the close of voting, it had received 70 points, placing seventh in a field of 23.
It was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1959 contest by Christa Williams with "Irgendwoher".
The song is an inspirational ballad, with Mariana exhorting her listeners to "find your own star" in their lives.
This is described as being "the password" throughout the lyrics.
It was the first song to be performed in more than one language in the Eurovision Song Contest.
Its music was written by singer Daniel Boone, and its lyrics were written by Phil Peters.
Newton-John herself recorded a German-language version of "Long Live Love", while renderings in Norwegian and Finnish were recorded by respectively Gluntan and Päivi Paunu.
As Albanian had finished outside the top 10 in 2005, Ejlli had to perform in the semi-final of the 2006 contest.
"Non, à jamais sans toi" is a song by Yovanna, stage name of Ioanna Fassou Kalpaxi, performed in French.
It was succeeded as Italian representative at the 1963 Contest by Emilio Pericoli with "Uno per tutte".
Filming took place at Warner Bros. Studios in Burbank, California.
The song was also released as an extended 12" remix, the 5.50 version was subsequently included on the band's fifth studio album Summer Nights.
The song is in praise of lying around on a Sunday, which is described as being one of the best things to do.
The song is an up-tempo number, with the duo singing about the great power of love.
It is Connie's lyric that appears on her recordings, not those by Ervin Drake.
"Nostalgija" was the Croatian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1995, performed in Croatian by Magazin and Lidija.
It was succeeded as Austrian representative at the 1991 Contest by Thomas Forstner singing "Venedig im Regen".
The song was performed eighth on the night.
Her female backing singers appeared in an unusual assortment of clothing, including one dressed as a cowgirl, with a peach-coloured hat.
The song was succeeded as Swedish representative at the 1960 contest by Siw Malmkvist with "Alla andra får varann".
It was written by Ingela Forsman, Bobby Ljunggren and Håkan Almqvist.
The song was performed seventh on the night.
Special praise, however, is reserved for Socrates, "The Hercules of the soul".
At the close of voting, it had received 5 points, placing it 8th in a field of 12.
At the close of voting, it had received 4 points, placing 21st in a field of 22.
"Solhverv" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1963, performed in Norwegian by Anita Thallaug.
She is the daughter of Ann McConnell, a successful Irish cabaret singer.
In the final, it was performed twenty-first.
It was succeeded as Maltese representative at the 1994 Contest by Chris & Moira with "More Than Love".
Apparently the song and preview video were both recorded in 1970.
It was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 1968 Contest by Massiel with "La, la, la".
"Un banc, un arbre, une rue" was the winning song of the Eurovision Song Contest 1971 performed in French by French singer Séverine, representing Monaco.
The song deals with Maimon's realisation that her lover has been unfaithful and her decision to leave him as a result.
The performance is also memorable, as the band featured four male singers wearing cream suits and red shirts.
Thus, she tells him that he should "take advantage of it", rather than simply enjoying his looks at the time.
At the close of voting, it had received 92 points, placing 6th in a field of 24.
She sings that on the surface, this is a style of very sad music, with a focus on "longing" and "love from the past".
The song was performed thirteenth on the night, following Denmark's Birthe Kjær with "Vi maler byen rød" and preceding Finland's Anneli Saaristo with "La dolce vita".
While Thordarson himself is gay, the lyrics do not suggest either a straight or gay relationship.
The song is a ballad, with Hurley singing about the manner in which "my thoughts run on to you" at various times during the day.
"Somewhere in Europe" was the Irish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990, performed in English by Liam Reilly.
At the close of voting, it had received 14 points, placing 4th in a field of 18.
The Revolutionary Left Front is a political party in Bolivia, founded in 1978.
It was succeeded as Croatian representative at the 2007 Contest by Dragonfly featuring Dado Topić with "Vjerujem u ljubav".
Bulgaria has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 11 times since making its debut at the 2005 contest in Kiev.
It was succeeded as British representative at the 1976 Contest by the UK's third ever Eurovision champion, Brotherhood of Man's "Save Your Kisses For Me".
The song was performed third on the night, following Iceland's Two Tricky with "Angel" and preceding Norway's Haldor Lægreid with "On My Own".
Ilus and Linna did not meet in person until actually performing the song on stage.
It was succeeded as Israeli representative at the 2003 Contest by Lior Narkis with "Words for Love".
"K und K" refers to "Kaiserlich und Königlich", the common description of the army of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
At the close of voting, it had received 36 points, placing 13th in a field of 22.
The song was performed as entry number fifteen on the night, following Netherlands's Xandra with "Colorado" and preceding Norway's Anita Skorgan with "Oliver".
At the close of voting, it had received 16 points, placing 18th in a field of 23.
It was succeeded as German representative at the 2004 Contest by Max with "Can't Wait Until Tonight".
The song was performed sixth on the night, following Cyprus' Constantinos with "Mono Yia Mas" and preceding Croatia's Maja Blagdan with "Sveta ljubav".
It is an earnest ballad in which the singer, as he leaves her, thanks his lover for good times and positive memories.
"Jij en ik" was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1982, performed in Dutch by Bill van Dijk.
"I Hear Your Heart" was the Latvian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006, performed in English by Vocal Group Cosmos.
Llunas was also the composer and lyricist of the song.
At the close of voting, it had received 10 points, placing 17th in a field of 21.
At the close of voting, it had received 13 points, placing 4th in a field of 16.
Modern Times also recorded the song in English, as "Heaven Only Knows".
At the close of voting, it had received 37 points, placing 12th in a field of 24.
The English language version represented Republic of Macedonia  at the 2008 Eurovision Song Contest in Belgrade, Serbia, on 22 May 2008.
Saaristo also recorded the song in English under the same title; "La Dolce Vita".
It was succeeded as Luxembourgish representative at the 1991 Contest by Sarah Bray with "Un baiser volé".
"Det gör ont" is a song recorded by Swedish singer-songwriter Lena Philipsson.
However, on 17 September 2015, it was announced that there were technical issues in the voting, and the final would be re-run on 19 September 2015.
Halayla, listed as Halaylah in the official Eurovision website, was the Israeli entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1981, performed in Hebrew by Hakol Over Habibi.
The song was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 2005 Contest by Son de Sol with "Brujería".
At the close of voting, it had received 38 points, placing 12th in a field of 19.
The song itself begins with Shahini singing over a piano melody before it quickly builds to a moderately-paced dance number.
At the close of voting, it had received 7 points, placing 8th in a field of 17.
At the close of voting, it had received 3 points, placing 22nd in a field of 23.
It was later rearranged by Marko Kon and Aleksandar Kobac, famous Serbian arrangers.
It was succeeded as French representative at the 1962 contest by Isabelle Aubret with "Un premier amour".
"Moustache" is a song by French trio Twin Twin.
The song is a love ballad, with Tidmand singing that the song about his lover can never end because it would "never get everything said".
The song is an up-tempo number, with the group singing about the joy of "singing the night away", particularly at "the carnival".
It was too late to dock points from that night's score.
"Tih deževen dan" was the Slovene entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993, performed in Slovenian by 1X Band.
"All Kinds of Everything" is a song written by Derry Lindsay and Jackie Smith; as performed by Dana, it won the Eurovision Song Contest 1970.
"A Man Without Love" peaked at no.
This song was succeeded as the Swedish Eurovision representative by Lena Philipsson with "It Hurts".
Controversy arose after it was selected because Rúzsa sang a verse as part of her audition for the television program Megasztár which aired in February 2006.
Twenty-four artists were chosen to participate in one of four semi-finals, which were broadcast live between 31 August to 3 September 2015.
"Fångad i en dröm" is a song by Björn Skifs performed in Swedish, which represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 1981.
At the close of voting, it had received 74 points, placing 7th in a field of 19.
At the close of voting, it had received 119 points, placing 4th in a field of 22.
The song was performed thirteenth on the night, following Sweden's Nova with "You're Summer" and preceding Ireland's Maxi with "Do I Dream".
By the close of voting, it had received 27 points, placing it first in a field of ten entries.
He qualified through to the final that took place on May 14, 2011, finishing at the 16th place.
At the close of voting, it had received 13 points, placing 16th in a field of 20.
The song is a dramatic ballad, inspired somewhat by the soul music tradition.
The song represented Albania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016 after winning Festivali i Këngës 54.
At the close of voting, it had received 73 points, placing 8th in a field of 23.
It was succeeded as Yugoslavian representative at the 1983 Contest by Daniel with "Džuli".
The song is an up-tempo Eurodisco number, with Deen expressing his desire to "stay all night, in the disco".
He ends, however, with the instruction that "in spite of that, tell her I love her".
The song was performed as the 23rd and last in the Eurovision Song Contest of 1996.
At the close of voting, it had received 45 points, placing 15th in a field of 22.
Despite this, Nicole's single is still the only Eurovision entry to top the sales charts in every territory it was released in.
"Give Me All Your Luvin'" is a song by American singer Madonna from her twelfth studio album, MDNA.
"Vivo cantando" was one of four songs which tied for first place in the Eurovision Song Contest 1969.
"À force de prier" was succeeded as Luxembourgian representative at the 1964 Contest by Hugues Aufray with "Dès que le printemps revient".
"C'est peut-être pas l'Amérique" was the Luxembourgish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1981, performed in French by French singer Jean-Claude Pascal.
The song is a moderately up-tempo number, with a sound similar to rock music from the late 1960s.
On the night of the semi-final, the song performed third, following Bulgaria's Mariana Popova with "Let Me Cry" and preceding Andorra's Jenny and "Sense tu".
"Je suis l'enfant soleil" was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1979, performed in French by Anne-Marie David.
This Is the Night is a song by Maltese singer Kurt Calleja.
The song is written in the style of blues and is about a woman who is cheated on by a boyfriend.
A full Macedonian language version was recorded as "Angel si ti".
428 on their list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
The song was performed eighteenth on the night, following Luxembourg's Vicky Leandros with "Après toi".
The song was performed nineteenth on the night, following Italy's Alice and Battiato with "I treni di Tozeur".
The song was performed seventeenth on the night, following Portugal's Tó Cruz with "Baunilha e chocolate" and preceding Sweden's Jan Johansen with "Se på mej".
The country did, however, participate as a "passive participant", by screening the Contest live.
As Poland had not finished the 2004 Contest in the top 10, the song was performed in the semi-final.
and preceding Romania's Mălina Olinescu with "Eu cred".
The song was performed thirteenth on the night, following Spain's Raphael with "Hablemos del amor" and preceding Monaco's Minouche Barelli with "Boum-Badaboum".
The song is a ballad, with Forstner singing about the power of singing itself to bring peace, love and happiness to the world.
The song is in the chanson mode, popular in the early years of the Contest.
This unusual subject matter marks the first time that a social issue was described in a Contest entry.
It was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 1985 contest by Bobbysocks with "La det swinge".
"Vi maler byen rød" is an evocation of good times, with Kjær describing the fun that can be had by "painting the town red".
It was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 1989 Contest by Nina singing "Nacida para amar".
The melody features the traditional Azeri musical instrument balaban.
Fleming also recorded the song in English, as "Bridge of Love".
The song received 17 points, placing 19th in a field of 23.
"Det var en yndig tid" was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1960, performed in Danish by Katy Bødtger.
This would remain Greece's best showing in the Contest until 1992, when Cleopatra also finished 5th with "Olou Tou Kosmou I Elpida".
As she enjoys his company, she wonders what the basis of their love is, and whether he is in fact real in the first place.
"The Bad Old Days" held the ignominious title until 1987, when the UK finished 13th.
The song is in the chanson style, and features Berry singing about the unexpectedness of a "great love".
Mekado were backed on stage by Rhonda Heath, formerly of Silver Convention, who had themselves represented Germany in the Eurovision Song Contest 1977, placing 8th.
The song was succeeded as Turkish representative at the 1984 contest by Beş Yıl Önce, On Yıl Sonra with "Halay".
She tells him, moreover, that she will wait for him to see that her feelings are true.
"Come Back to Stay" was the Irish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1966, performed in English by Dickie Rock.
The song was succeeded as Swedish representative at the Eurovision Song Contest 1959 by Brita Borg with "Augustin".
Katri Helena did not record "Tule luo" in any other language than Finnish.
At the close of voting, it had received 46 points, placing 9th in a field of 19.
It was succeeded as Italian representative at the 1973 Contest by Massimo Ranieri with "Chi sarà con te".
On ne change pas was certified 3× Platinum in France and Canada, Platinum in Belgium and Gold in Switzerland.
The song was performed twenty-third on the night, following Bosnia and Herzegovina's Dino and Béatrice with "Putnici".
At the close of voting, it had received 8 points, placing 20th in a field of 22.
"L'amour à la française" is a song by French band/group Les Fatals Picards.
"Tom Tom Tom" was the second Finnish Eurovision entrant to reach #1 in Finland, the first being Rung's "Tipi-tii" in 1962.
"Morgen" was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1968, performed in Dutch by Ronnie Tober.
Translated into English, the phrase is "I have always wanted you / I have always desired you / You, I have loved".
The song was performed first on the night, preceding Israel's Lazy Bums with "Shir Habatlanim".
The song was performed ninth on the night, following the Netherlands' De Spelbrekers with "Katinka" and preceding Norway's Inger Jacobsen with "Kom sol, kom regn".
"A Little Bit" was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2000, performed in English by Nina Åström.
The highest score awarded to The Bad Old Days was 8 points from Germany.
It was originally entitled "Nooit Meer Zonder Jou" and had a lyric in Dutch, however the English version was preferred for the Contest.
The song is a soothing ode to friendship in which Kraus sings to an unnamed loved one: "Hear me, you're not alone/Hear me, you are loved".
"Zusammen geh'n" was the Austrian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, performed in German by Tony Wegas.
The song has music by Peter Wolf and lyrics by André Heller.
The duo explain that they only want to "sing about love" as it makes them - and their listeners - happier.
By the close of voting, it had received 92 points, placing it 5th in a field of 23.
The song is about Halay, the band sings that they dance and sing with much love and don't look upon foreigners as strangers.
Mirković performed the song "Oluja" in the contest.
"Niin kaunis on taivas" was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996, performed in Finnish by Jasmine Tatjana Anette Valentin.
The song was performed first on the night, followed by the United Kingdom's Jessica Garlick with "Come Back".
This theme is further developed with the plea to the volcano to "listen trustingly to the human voice".
The song was performed 13th on the night.
Israel did not progress through this stage.
"Aprite le finestre" was the first Italian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1956, performed in Italian by Franca Raimondi.
"One More Day" is a song performed by Eldrine and was the Georgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011.
The song is a dramatic ballad, with Losco singing about how she feels about "the man" - her lover.
The song was performed sixth on the night.
At the close of the voting it had received 27 points, placing 17th in a field of 22.
On the night of the semi-final, the song performed sixteenth.
The lyric also contains a description of the singer experiencing love on "Friday the Thirteenth", with a sixteen-year-old girl.
By the close of voting, it had received 49 points, placing it first in a field of 16.
Performed in Catalan by Jenny, the song had to qualify from the semi-final, due to Andorra's failure to make the top ten in the previous Contest.
"L'amore è un attimo" was the Italian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1971, performed in Italian by Massimo Ranieri.
It was succeeded as Luxembourgish representative at the 1982 Contest by Svetlana with "Cours après le temps".
The song was performed eighteenth on the night, following Spain's Sergio y Estíbaliz with "Tú volverás" and preceding Italy's Wess and Dori Ghezzi with "Era".
Hustin also recorded an English-language version of the song, entitled "Freedom for the Man".
At the close of voting, it had received 1 point, placing 9th in a field of 10.
"We've Got the World" was the Irish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2003, performed in English by Mickey Harte.
The song is a ballad, in which Sophie explains that one can say things in song or poetry that one ordinarily could not in real life.
Due to disagreements over the voting structure, Austria did not enter the Contest from 1973 to 1975.
It was also the first ever English language song to receive no points.
The song is a ballad, with Guldbrandsen taking the role of an elf and attempting to seduce her listener into joining her in a dance.
The song is a love song directed at the titular Hana, with the singer asking her to let him love her.
At the close of voting, it had received 97 points, placing 5th in a field of 25.
Eventually the song became 12th of 25th in the final.
The song was thus succeeded as Russian representative at the 1997 contest by Alla Pugacheva with "Primadonna".
"Boom Boom" is a song performed by Emmy.
Aspelund also recorded the song in English, then under the title "Fantasy Dream".
It was succeeded as Irish representative at the 1974 Contest by Tina Reynolds with "Cross Your Heart".
"Halay" was the Turkish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1984, performed in Turkish by Beş Yıl Önce, On Yıl Sonra.
and preceding the Netherlands' Edsilia with "Hemel en aarde".
38 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of "100 Best Debut Albums of All Time".
Brinck is an English-language singer/songwriter from Denmark who made his solo album debut in 2008.
She sings that she has no reason to live without him, in fact.
It symbolises the eternal dialogue between the Good and the Evil.
The song is a plea from Lombard to her lover, asking when he will return to her.
An Albanian-only version of the song was recorded, entitled "Balada e gurit".
At the close of voting, it had received 6 points, placing 20th in a field of 22.
Composer and lyricist Corneille believed that the original song was more suited to a male singer, and wrote "Il était temps" specifically for Pouchain.
At the close of voting, it had received 104 points, placing 5th in a field of 24.
The song was succeeded as Turkish representative at the 2006 Contest by Sibel Tüzün with "Süper Star".
was the Icelandic entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2000, performed in English by August & Telma.
Priit Pajusaar then asked Maarja-Liis Ilus at short notice.
Georgian Public Broadcaster was responsible for organising their entry for the contest.
In 2008, the song was named the best Spanish Eurovision entry of all time at the Europasión special show organized by TVE.
On February 23, 2008, it won against five other entries in Eurosong 2008, held at the University of Limerick.
The song was performed fifteenth on the night.
It sports a peculiar and nice chorus, along with some nice and surprising modulation.
Maggie MacNeal returned to the Contest as a solo artist in 1980 with "Amsterdam".
At the close of voting, it had received 91 points, placing 10th in a field of 28 and qualifying Moldova for the final.
As she explains, however, "The hands of time only turn/forwards, forwards and never backwards".
Due to the poor placing, Macedonia was not invited to take part in the 1999 contest.
"Dreamin'" was the Irish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1995, performed in English by Eddie Friel.
Clémenceau also recorded the song in German, under the title "Immer".
The song was performed eleventh on the night.
"Wunder gibt es immer wieder" was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1970, performed in German by Katja Ebstein.
Sorce sings about the will to live and the power that it has, although she points out the difficulties of living in a world without love.
The song's composer was not happy with the way the group's performance was to be filmed and demanded changes.
The performance featured Hayko standing in the centre of the stage in front of an artificial tree.
At the close of voting, it had received 36 points, placing 14th in a field of 23.
"I morgon är en annan dag" is a ballad with which Christer Björkman won the Swedish Melodifestivalen of 1992.
The song was performed fifth on the night, following Turkey's Kayahan with Gözlerinin Hapsindeyim and preceding Luxembourg's Céline Carzo with "Quand je te rêve".
At the Contest, Cohen and his five backing vocalists all wore white clothing and remained mostly stationary, swaying in time to the music.
2 in both the UK and Irish singles charts.
The song is a ballad, with Prévost singing that, while many things about life can be changed, "there will always be violins to play love songs".
At the close of voting, it had received 79 points, placing 11th in a field of 18.
In Germany, Johnny Logan released a German-language version of "What's Another Year", entitled "Was ist schon ein Jahr".
At the close of voting, it had received 12 points, placing 3rd in a field of 12.
As the song goes on, this is revealed to be a metaphor for the people of Israel surviving various attempts at destroying it.
The song was performed fourth on the night, following Spain's Salomé with "Vivo Cantando" and preceding Ireland's Muriel Day with "The Wages of Love".
As they put it, "You don't deposit your empty blues in the Bank of Joy".
"Natati La Khayay" was the Israeli entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1974, performed in Hebrew by Kaveret.
At the close of voting, it had received 56 points, placing 11th in a field of 22.
It represented Ukraine at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Marsa, Malta, placing 6th with 74 points.
Ryder won the right to perform at Bergen by winning the UK national final, A Song for Europe, where they were the sixth act to perform.
"Oui, oui, oui, oui" was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1959, performed in French by Jean Philippe.
It was succeeded as Polish representative at the 1998 Contest by Sixteen with "To takie proste".
It also peaked at #7 on the Swedish singles chart.
Thus, the song was performed seventeenth on the night, following Ukraine's GreenJolly with "Razom nas bahato" and preceding Croatia's Boris Novković with "Vukovi umiru sami".
Thus, Greece was not invited to the 1999 Contest.
The English version of the song is called "After The Rain".
While most of her success was achieved in Portugal, she appeared as Aurélia in Love Actually.
"Hi" was the Israeli entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1983, performed in Hebrew by Ofra Haza.
As the Netherlands had not finished the 2003 contest in the top 10, the song was performed in the semi-final.
At the close of voting, it had received 14 points, placing 15th in a field of 20.
At the close of voting, it had received 10 points, placing 18th in a field of 22.
Kavanagh had a home win, since the contest took place in Ireland due to Linda Martin's win the previous year.
The song was written by Darko Dimitrov, Lazar Cvetkoski, Simeon Atanasov and Magdalena Cvetkoska.
It was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 1992 contest by Merethe Trøan with "Visjoner".
As of 2017, this song is the only Eurovision entry to be performed in the Czech language.
The song was performed first on the night, preceding Monaco's Colette Deréal with "Allons, allons les enfants".
The song automatically qualified for the final of the contest due to France being a member of the Big 4.
It was succeeded as Maltese representative at the 1999 Contest by Times Three with "Believe 'n Peace".
The song was succeeded as Contest winner in 1961 by Jean-Claude Pascal, singing "Nous les amoureux" for Luxembourg.
Serbia participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2015 in Sofia, Bulgaria.
The performance featured all the musicians wearing leather clothing.
The song is an inspirational number, with Anne Karine singing about the regenerative power of love.
At the close of voting, it had received 79 points, placing 8th in a field of 25.
And then I sat listening to a string quartet - me, I only used to like "twang twang".
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1985 Contest by Adelaide with "Penso em ti, eu sei".
"Judy et Cie" was succeeded as Belgian representative at the 1977 Contest by Dream Express singing "A Million in One, Two, Three".
The song is sung from the perspective of a woman trying to communicate with her lover by phone.
The song was performed 17th on the night, following Norway's Anita Skorgan with "Oliver" and preceding Austria's Christina Simon with "Heute in Jerusalem".
Despite being a favourite to win it only received 2 points, placing 22nd in a field of 23, beating only Spain.
Laurence also recorded the song in an English-language version, as "The Love of My Life".
The lyrics are somewhat elliptical, with Pâque admitting that she "stole life" and that she "couldn't tell you my name".
At the close of voting, it had received 121 points, placing second in a field of 18.
"Antes do adeus" was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997, performed in Portuguese by Célia Lawson.
At the close of voting, it had received 90 points, placing 7th in a field of 18.
Frances Reid, the matriarch of the series' Horton family remained with the show from its inception to her death on February 3, 2010.
Interest in a return developed over the 1980s, but due to a restriction on the number of entrants, the country was ineligible to enter.
The fact that she is leaving implies that she has elected to leave it.
The song was succeeded as Icelandic representative at the 1994 Contest by Sigga with Nætur.
In 2015, Italian operatic pop trio Il Volo recorded a rendition of this song on their EP "Sanremo Grande Amore".
The song was performed nineteenth on the night.
The lyrics are essentially in praise of the wisdom of the Icelandic voters in selecting Silvía to represent them in the first place.
The show gained cult status long before its premiere, becoming the most "liked" Danish play on Facebook ever.
It was covered by Aşkın Nur Yengi, Turkish singer as "Zehir Gibisin" in her second album, Hesap Ver, which was released in 1991.
Additionally, given the presence of Israel in the Contest, it is unlikely that any further Moroccan entries will be forthcoming.
The song is a ballad, with Ranieri describing his feelings as he waits for a date to arrive.
It was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 1984 Contest by Maribelle with "Ik hou van jou".
Barelli recorded the song in four languages; French, English, German, and Italian - all versions with the same title.
The song was performed nineteenth on the night.
The song was performed fifth on the night.
The song was released as a digital download on 30 March 2016 through Universal Music Group.
Ingeborg also recorded the song in English, as "Breakaway".
Saskia & Serge also recorded the song in English and French as, respectively, "Time" and "Le temps".
"Hemel en aarde" was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998, performed in Dutch by Edsilia.
The song was succeeded as Austrian representative in the 1977 contest by Schmetterlinge, singing "Boom Boom Boomerang".
It succeeded as the Yugoslav representative at the 1965 Contest by Vice Vukov with "Čežnja".
It was succeeded as Irish representative at the 1978 Contest by Colm C. T. Wilkinson with "Born to Sing".
"Su canción" is a song that was Spain's entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1979, held in Jerusalem, Israel.
At the contest itself, Guldbrandsen and her female backing singers all wore white dresses, with two also playing fiddles as accompaniment.
This was after a merger of two Eurovision lyrics websites, one called Diggiloo and the other called The Songthrush, hence the name of the newer site.
The song is sung mostly in English but has some phrases in French too.
195 points was the highest points for Turkey in their Eurovision History.
The song itself is a ballad in the chanson style popular in the early years of the Contest.
The song received 100 points, placing 5th in a field of 23.
The artist is also described as an author, an illusionist and an actor.
New German versions were recorded in 1972 and in 1996.
Lepomme also recorded the song in French and English.
"Et bonjour à toi l'artiste" was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1975, performed in French by Nicole Rieu.
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1976 Contest by Fredi & Ystävät with "Pump-Pump".
Following the war, Romania became a socialist republic and member of the Warsaw Pact.
"Peace Will Come" was sung by blind Georgian singer Diana Gurtskaya and represented Georgia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2008.
At the close of voting, it had received 47 points, placing 10th in a field of 22.
It was succeeded as French representative at the 1965 Contest by Guy Mardel with "N'avoue jamais".
Brainstorm are known to be good friends with Mumiy Troll.
The Greek entry caused a bit of controversy.
Whether considered a third or fourth-place finisher, "Come Back" remains the highest ranked UK entrant at Eurovision since the #2 finish of "Where are You?"
It was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 1978 contest by Harmony with "'t Is OK".
Gärdestad returned to Melodifestivalen the following year with "Låt Solen Värma Dig", sung as a duet with then girlfriend Annica Boller.
Kauffman and Crane began developing Friends under the title Insomnia Cafe between November and December 1993.
Lise Haavik is a Danish/Norwegian singer, best known for representing Denmark at the Eurovision Song Contest in Bergen, Norway in 1986.
At the close of voting, it had received 80 points, placing 5th in a field of 19.
The song is a moderately up-tempo number, with the singers suggesting to a boy that they all go dancing "without a break till tomorrow morning".
"Život je sklopio krug" was the Yugoslavian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1964, performed in Serbo-Croatian by Bosnian singer Sabahudin Kurt.
They explain that, despite it being "the same old subject", they still find their love fresh each day.
The song is a love duet sung from the perspective of a married couple addressing each other.
The song is a love ballad, in which Wilke sings about how much she wishes she were her lover.
The song is a ballad, with Tober telling his "far-away wife" how he feels to be separated from her.
The song was performed fifteenth on the night, following Yugoslavia's Aska with "Halo, Halo" and preceding the Netherlands' Bill van Dijk with "Jij en ik").
The song itself is a dramatic ballad, with the singer describing herself as being "at the end of the road" without her lover.
At that age she won the Welsh final of the TV talent show Star For A Night.
The song was performed first on the night, preceding Belgium's Vanessa Chinitor with "Like The Wind".
At the close of voting, it had received 53 points, placing 11th in a field of 26.
At the close of voting, it had received 27 points, placing 15th in a field of 19.
The song is a dramatic ballad, with Elpida singing that she is now living an experience she had previously only dreamed about.
The song was sung by Ajda Pekkan in Turkish.
According to Contest historian John Kennedy O'Connor, Russian television broadcasts of the 1995 Contest strongly implied that Kirkorov had in fact won the Contest.
The song is a moderately up-tempo number, with Roberts singing about a woman he saw at an airport.
Take Him Home was the Irish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1988, performed in English by Jump The Gun.
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1982 Contest by Brixx with "Video, Video".
At the close of voting, it had received 76 points, placing 6th in a field of 23.
As Norway had finished the Eurovision Song Contest 2003 in the top 10, the song was pre-qualified for the final.
"Nisi sam" is a song by Slovenian pre-teen singer Ula Ložar.
98, not charting on the UK Singles Chart but as an addenda on the "Next 25" version of the charts.
"Kom sol, kom regn" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1962, performed in Norwegian by Inger Jacobsen.
On the final night of the competition, 21 March 1964, the song was performed thirteenth.
Niamh Kavanagh also returned to the Contest in 2010 with "It's for You", which came 23rd out of 25 countries, with 25 points in the final.
At the close of voting, it had received 5 points, placing 13th in a field of 16.
Thus, the song was succeeded as Hungarian representative at that Contest by NOX with "Forogj, világ!
As a "passive participant", Romania was re-admitted the following year.
At the close of voting, it had received 50 points, placing 12th in a field of 24.
It was succeeded as French representative at the 1978 Contest by Joël Prévost with "Il y aura toujours des violons".
This is the worst result Denmark has ever had.
The song was succeeded as Turkish representative at the 1993 contest by Burak Aydos with "Esmer yarim".
The performance on the night featured Natalia initially wearing a tight top and a short skirt.
At the close of voting, it had received 85 points, placing 8th in a field of 17.
*On June 13, 1982, the song was the last song to be number one at Svensktoppen, before the program was removed the first time.
The song was succeeded as Portuguese representative by Sabrina with "Dança comigo".
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 2005 Contest by Jakob Sveistrup with "Talking to You".
It was succeeded as Austrian representative at the 1990 Contest by Simone singing "Keine Mauern mehr".
"Lusitana paixão" was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1991, performed in Portuguese by Dulce.
At the close of voting, it had received 100 points, placing it fifth in a field of 18 songs.
At the close of voting, it had received 66 points, placing 7th in a field of 20.
The song was performed thirteenth on the night.
During the ESC 2010 semi-final voting session "Yamma Yamma" was included in a medley presenting some "funniest bottoms".
It was succeeded as Israeli representative at the 1999 Contest by Eden with "Yom Huledet".
"Boum-Badaboum" was the Monegasque entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1967, performed in French by Minouche Barelli.
"Probudi me" was the Croatian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997, performed in Croatian by E.N.I..
The song is a ballad, with Hielscher singing to a telephone and telling it that she enjoys receiving news via that medium.
"The Moon" was the Romanian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2000, performed in English by Taxi.
At the close of voting, it had received 15 points, placing 18th in a field of 22.
"Dio, come ti amo" was performed first time as duo by Domenico Modugno and Gigliola Cinquetti in San Remo Festival, 1966.
At the close of voting, it had received 5 points, placing 8th in a field of 10.
Here, it was performed twenty-second, following Bosnia and Herzegovina's Deen with "In The Disco".
The song is an up-tempo number about the power of a happy song itself.
At the close of voting, it had received 111 points, placing 3rd in a field of 22.
It was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 1993 Contest by Eva Santamaria singing "Hombres".
At the close of voting, it had received 7 points, placing 19th in a field of 20.
"Guardando il sole" was the Swiss entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1968, performed in Italian by Gianni Mascolo.
The conclusion of the song is left ambiguous, with Reemer wondering if she is dreaming about the former lover talking to her.
Composed by Shay Healy, the song reached number one in the UK Singles Chart for two weeks in May.
Date – the known or assumed date of composition, when available; or date of publication
"The One That I Love" was the Maltese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998, performed in English by Chiara.
Version – the number of version as it pertains to vocal settings that have more than one existing version
Micky also recorded the song in French and German, as "Apprends-moi à chanter" and "Ich singe la, la, la" respectively.
At the close of voting, it had received 4 points, placing it 11th in a field of 17.
Walter also recorded the song in German under the same title.
"'t Is OK" was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1978, performed in Dutch by the trio Harmony.
"Ne pali svetla u sumrak" was the Yugoslavian entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1962, performed in Serbo-Croatian by Lola Novaković,
"Notre vie c'est la musique" is an up-tempo disco track in praise of the power of music.
It was succeeded as Monegasque representative at the 2005 Contest by Lise Darly with "Tout de moi".
It was succeeded as Italian representative at the 1972 Contest by Nicola di Bari with "I giorni dell'arcobaleno".
They were finalists in the BBC Television's A Song for Europe contest in 1989 with the song, "Why Do I Always Get it Wrong?".
It was succeeded as Polish representative at the 2006 contest by Ich Troje & The Real McCoy with "Follow My Heart".
At the close of voting, it had received the dreaded nul points, placing 12th in a field of 12.
Here, it was performed seventeenth, following the Czech Republic's Kabát with "Malá dáma" and preceding Macedonia's Karolina with "Mojot svet".
The basketball game attracted 13.7% of Israeli TV viewers.
"This Time" is the name of the song that represented Lithuania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015.
The song represented Montenegro in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016.
They pledge to remain on good terms, even though they are no longer together.
"Sama" was the Polish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1995, performed in Polish by Justyna.
"Puppet on a String" is the name of the Eurovision Song Contest-winning song in 1967 by British singer Sandie Shaw.
It was succeeded as Luxembourgish representative at the 1969 Contest by Romuald with "Catherine".
It had beaten "Grün Grün Grün" by singer Caro Pukke, which had finished 4th.
The song received 47 points, placing 13th in a field of 22.
"Love Symphony" is a song by string quartet Quartissimo and was the Slovene entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009.
The song is a ballad, with Aufray musing on how he feels when Spring begins.
It was sung by Lulu, and was co-written by Alan Moorhouse and Peter Warne.
"Pia Prosefhi" was the Greek entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1995, performed in Greek by Elina Konstantopoulou.
At the close of voting, it had received 7 points, placing 18th in a field of 18.
"Let Me Fly" was the Maltese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997, performed in English by Debbie Scerri.
She has a "dream" throughout the song, in which she is urged to take control of her own life.
The song was covered by Take That for their 1996 Greatest Hits album, reaching number-one on the UK Singles Chart for three weeks.
The song is in praise of the philosopher Socrates, who is likened to a "superstar" in the lyrics.
This was Georgia's debut at the Contest.
The song was performed third on the night, following Norway's Jahn Teigen with "Mil etter mil" and preceding Finland's Seija Simola with "Anna rakkaudelle tilaisuus".
During voting, the Latvian announcer Renārs Kaupers of Brainstorm who was Latvian entry the previous year, greeted Mumiy Troll with "Viva la rockapops!"
She sees that he has something on his mind and promises to "teach him to play and sing" to help him forget his sorrows.
This version is unique among the translations as it focuses on the positive aspects of sport, rather than the original theme of the eternity of love.
The Hits Of Baccara is a compilation album by Spanish duo Baccara released on RCA-Victor in late 1978.
The show has had high-profile fans such as actress Julia Roberts, and the Supreme Court justice Thurgood Marshall.
"At Ve'Ani" was the Israeli entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1975, performed in Hebrew by Shlomo Artzi.
At the close of voting, it had received 25 points, placing 14th in a field of 19.
The song was performed 21st on the night.
In 2012, the magazine ranked it No.
The song was performed twelfth on the night.
Anghel also took part in these activities during the instrumental sections of the song.
It finished 5th in the first semi-final to qualify for the grand final where it finished 11th place.
"Une petite française" was the Monegasque entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1977, performed in French by French singer Michèle Torr.
It was performed by the Croatian singer Doris Dragović who finished eleventh on the night.
At the close of the voting, it had received 48 points and was placed 13th in a field of 25.
At the close of voting, it had received 69 points, placing 7th in a field of 18.
It was succeeded as Armenian representative at the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 by Hayko with "Anytime You Need".
At the close of voting, it had received 38 points, placing 14th in a field of 19.
At the close of voting, it had received 7 points, placing 10th in a field of 18.
At the close of voting, it had received 18 points, placing 21st in a field of 24.
"Rendez-vous" was succeeded as Belgian representative at the 1984 Contest by Jacques Zegers performing "Avanti la vie".
At the close of voting, it had received 26 points, placing 17th in a field of 23.
The song was performed tenth on the night.
On 21 April 1995 it reached #1 on the charts, staying there for four weeks.
It received 78 points, placing 12th in a field of 18.
At the close of voting, it had received 29 points, placing 16th in a field of 24.
The song was performed seventeenth on the night").
Stone & Stone also recorded an English-language version of the song, bearing the title "(Oh Lord) I Realized It's You".
The song is still very popular also in Finnish karaokebars and in "finnhits"-discos.
It was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 1989 contest by Britt Synnøve with "Venners nærhet".
The song was performed fourteenth on the night, following Germany's Ireen Sheer with "Feuer" and preceding Greece's Tania Tsanaklidou with "Charlie Chaplin".
The song was performed eighth on the night.
His international breakthrough single "Un canto a Galicia" followed in 1972.
"Tha 'Ne Erotas" was the Cypriot entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1999, performed in Greek by Marlain.
"Valentine Lost" was the Icelandic entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007, performed in English by Eiríkur Hauksson.
It was succeeded as Luxembourgish representative at the 1989 Contest by Park Café with "Monsieur".
Ahava Hi Shir Lishnayim was the Israeli entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1977, performed in Hebrew by Ilanit.
The song was performed fourteenth on the night, following Israel's Lior Narkis with "Milim La'ahava" and preceding the United Kingdom's Jemini with "Cry Baby".
At the close of voting, it had received 16 points, placing 18th in a field of 22.
The song is a moderately up-tempo ballad, with Edsilia describing her feelings on discovering love in what was seemingly an unexpected place.
"Du er fuld af løgn" was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986, performed in Danish by Lise Haavik.
"Krasi, Thalassa Ke T' Agori Mou" was succeeded as the Greek representative at the 1976 Contest by Mariza Koch with "Panayia Mou, Panayia Mou".
These rumours were, however, proven to be untrue as the country began qualification for the 2007 Contest.
Results were made public on 30 January 2010 and 1st place went to Jasmine’s song.
"Don't Ever Cry" was the Croatian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993, performed partly in English and partly in Croatian by Put.
As Estonia had not qualified for the final in their previous appearance, the song was performed in the semi-final.
Fitzgerald was also the first singer to be chosen to represent the United Kingdom via a national telephone vote.
The English version is a love song to a man named Gino, while the Italian version describes her preference for lovers from that country.
At the close of voting, it had received 9 points, placing 6th in a field of 16.
The reverse side of the single contained "It's Forever" written by Farina, Hoffmann and Romina Power, from the duo's 1984 album Effetto amore.
"Waterfall" is a song performed by Sopho Gelovani and Nodiko Tatishvili.
It was succeeded as Latvian representative at the 2005 Contest by Walters & Kazha with "The War Is Not Over".
Berghagen has released this song also in his language native Swedish and in German, both with the same title "Jennie, Jennie".
"Lady, Lady" was the Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1984, performed in Spanish by the quartet Bravo.
"Anouschka" was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1967, composed by Hans Blum and performed in German by Inge Brück.
Days of Our Lives is an American daytime soap opera broadcast on the NBC television network.
The song was performed nineteenth on the night, following Poland's Piasek with "2 Long" and preceding Estonia's Tanel Padar & Dave Benton with "Everybody".
At the close of voting, the song had received 49 points, placing 17th in a field of 28, failing to qualify for the final.
"Se piangi, se ridi" is a song written by Gianni Marchetti, Roberto Satti and Mogol.
At the close of voting, it had received 79 points, placing 12th in a field of 17.
The song was performed first on the night, preceding the United Kingdom's "I Belong" sung by Kathy Kirby.
"Ti si moja prva ljubav" is a song recorded by Croatian pre-teen singer Dino Jelusić.
It was succeeded as Monegasque representative at the 1977 contest by Michèle Torr with "Une petite française".
A Serbian rendering of the song entitled "Tom, Tom" was recorded by Daliborka Stojšić.
She describes a puppet which appeared to take a somewhat cynical view of the world, only to have its string cut.
Many of the lyrics were difficult to understand in the live performance, as Aleksandra's accent was very strong.
At the close of voting, it had received 5 points, placing 18th in a field of 21.
Over the course of the song, all of the boys with one exception fall over, leaving one as the victor.
At the close of voting, it had received 13 points, placing 18th in a field of 20.
In this version, Tom is a compulsive womaniser and not to be trusted at all.
He explains his desperation by saying that "The 21st century is coming my dear", and presumably he wants her with him to celebrate that momentous occasion.
It was succeeded as German representative at the 1991 contest by Atlantis 2000 with "Dieser Traum darf niemals sterben".
It was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 1972 Contest by Jaime Morey with "Amanece".
It was succeeded as Monegasque representative at the 1979 contest by Laurent Vaguener with "Notre vie c'est la musique".
The final took place on May 24, with the song finishing in 8th place out of 25.
It was succeeded as Icelandic representative at the 1989 Contest by Daníel Ágúst with "Það sem enginn sér".
By the close of voting, it had received 26 points, placing it first in a field of 16.
As the scores of the 1956 Contest have not been made public, it is impossible to tell how many points it received or where it placed.
Rather, he tells her, she should let the words of his song wash away her troubles.
Spain's status as one of the "Big Four" guaranteed the song a final berth.
Aurela recorded the official video of the song in the United States in mid-February 2011.
At the close of voting, it had received 85 points, placing 6th in a field of 18.
As Bosnia had not finished in the top ten in the previous Contest, the song was performed in the semi-final.
The phrases "boum-badaboum" and "boum boum" and a countdown are repeated throughout the lyrics.
"Oj, oj, oj, så glad jeg skal bli" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1969, performed in Norwegian by Kirsti Sparboe.
She explains that she had not previously experienced happiness, but now she is surrounded by it.
At the close of voting, it had received 56 points, placing 10th in a field of 19.
The song describes the attempts of "this guy called Johnny" to catch the eye of "Connie", a girl who is also being pursued by "O'Smarty".
Hungary did not participate in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006, so the song was performed in the semi-final held in Helsinki, Finland on 10 May 2007.
"Here We Go" is a song performed by Latvian band PeR, who represented Latvia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Sweden.
On the night, it was performed eleventh, following Iceland's Selma with "If I Had Your Love" and preceding Estonia's Suntribe with "Let's Get Loud".
At the close of voting, it had received 68 points, finishing 12th in a field of 23.
It was a number three hit in the United Kingdom and Australia.
He also describes the girl, who he declares is very worthy of being named "The Maltese Maria".
The song features Del Bo likening love to a card game.
Armenia finished 2nd with 176 points during the final.
This was Brokken's third consecutive appearance on the Eurovision stage and it would be her last as a performer.
He sings that he is trying to forget her, but that it is very difficult to do so.
For his Eurovision appearance, Stelios appeared dressed in a white suit and shirt.
She sings that "we have love within us", which is her central belief.
During Preview Week, Myriam's music video showed her performing the song in an open-air atmosphere, in a section of the Square René Viviani in Paris.
At the close of voting, it had received 74 points, placing 13th in a field of 17.
It was succeeded as Italian representative at the 1966 Contest by Domenico Modugno with "Dio, come ti amo".
In a British TV special shown in December 2011, it was voted "The Nation's Favourite Bee Gees Song" by ITV viewers.
"Cry Baby", written and composed by Martin Isherwood, was the United Kingdom's entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 2003, and was performed by the duo Jemini.
At the close of the voting it had received 87 points, placing 6th.
Albano Carrisi, better known as Al Bano, is an Italian singer, actor, and winemaker.
It was succeeded as Monegasque representative at the 1965 Contest by Marjorie Noël with "Va dire à l'amour".
The song was performed twenty-first on the night, following Yugoslavia's Extra Nena with "Ljubim te pesmama" and preceding Germany's Wind with "Träume sind für alle da".
The song is significant in Contest history for being the first entry ever to fail to receive a point.
No song sung first or second has won since.
After Eurovision, the song peaked at No.
They tell each other that they would each "live it all again" and if this were the case, "I'd always choose you again".
Arazi has always been highly superstitious and consults an astrologer on all matters in her life.
At the close of voting, it had received 61 points, placing 8th in a field of 19.
The song is track number thirteen on Now That's What I Call Music!
The song was performed eighteenth on the night, following the United Kingdom's Black Lace with "Mary Ann" and preceding Spain's Betty Missiego with "Su canción".
Here, it was performed third, following "Little by Little" by Laura & The Lovers and preceding Moldova's Zdob şi Zdub with "Boonika bate doba".
It received 36 points, placing 14th in a field of 25.
The song is a ballad which gains in tempo as it develops.
It was succeeded as Italian representative at the 1964 Contest by Gigliola Cinquetti with "Non ho l'età".
Rodgers later said she received death threats from the Irish Republican Army for representing the United Kingdom at Eurovision.
The song remained one of the greatest hits of Duo Datz and a most popular song of שירי ארץ ישראל.
The Hungarian version was released as a single from her debut album Ördögi angyal before the selection of Rúzsa as the country's Eurovision representative.
"Love Enough for Two" was the British entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980, performed in English by Prima Donna.
The song is an up-tempo number, with the group singing about - and to - a middle-class woman who is identified only as "Mrs. Thompson".
"Yorgunum anla", was the Turkish entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2000.
The song was performed 13th on the night.
It was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 1995 Contest by Anabel Conde singing "Vuelve conmigo".
At the close of the voting it had received 51 points, placing 11th in a field of 22.
"Primadonna" was the Russian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997, performed in Russian by Alla Pugacheva.
It was succeeded as Romanian representative at the 2003 Contest by Nicola with "Don't Break My Heart".
I just don't get it, I guess I'm a little stupid.
Schanke sings about how much she loves to dance and urges her unnamed listener to "Come dance with me".
It was the last Swedish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest sung in Swedish.
"Alter Ego" is a song performed by the Cypriot rock band Minus One.
At the close of voting, it had received 13 points, placing 22nd in a field of 26.
Spring is described as "a festival of love" in the lyrics.
As the title suggests, the song is a lullaby, sung from the perspective of a mother to her child.
At the close of voting, it had received 31 points, placing 15th in a field of 23.
"Igranka" is a song recorded by the Montenegrin hip-hop duo Who See.
The song was performed third on the night.
"Mere lapsed" was the Estonian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998, performed in Estonian by Koit Toome.
The song features Christoforou telling his lover that the night exists "only for us".
At the close of voting, it had received 40 points, placing 11th in a field of 19.
The song was performed fifth on the night.
He is renouncing his youth and folies today, for tomorrow will be the time to think about life and children.
The performance in the semi-final featured the duo wearing what looked like armour, while they were wearing more mainstream clothes in the final.
The song was performed eighteenth on the night, following Finland's Markku Aro & Koivistolaiset with "Tie uuteen päivään".
It was succeeded as Monegasque representative at the 1961 Contest by Colette Deréal with "Allons, allons les enfants".
The song is a dramatic ballad, with Inga telling an apparently erstwhile lover that if he comes to her, "then you will know the answer".
The two singers describe their "overfull boat" which apparently has a "childish look" as travelling on a "path of hope".
At the close of voting, it had received 131 points, placing 5th in a field of 25.
The song was performed first on the night, preceding Belgium´s Morgane with "Nous, on veut des violons"'.
The song is sung from the perspective of a woman ending a relationship because of her lover's infidelity.
Petrol or Pet'r Oil was the Turkish entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 1980, held in The Hague, Netherlands.
The song was firstly presented at the casting for Eurovision 2014.
The song is a dramatic ballad, in which the singers express their desire to be astronauts, gazing down from space at the earth.
At the close of voting, it had received 7 points, placing 22nd in a field of 24.
At the close of voting, it had received 114 points, placing 2nd in a field of 18.
At the close of voting, it had received 123 points, placing 4th in a field of 26.
"Leha'amin" was the Israeli entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004, held in Istanbul.
It has two versions of the song and a bonus track called "Kaukaiset tulet" which is not included in the album.
It was succeeded as Estonian representative at the 1997 Contest by Ilus, performing solo, with "Keelatud maa".
The song is a moderately up-tempo number, with the singer talking about her lover - the title character.
"Love Power" was the Belgian entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 performed in English by The KMG's.
At the close of voting, it had received 65 points, placing 10th in a field of 23.
It was succeeded as British representative at the 1967 contest by Sandie Shaw with "Puppet on a String".
"Tourada" was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1973, performed in Portuguese by Fernando Tordo.
At the close of voting, it had received 27 points, placing 16th in a field of 26.
"One Step" was the Austrian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997, performed in German almost exclusively by Bettina Soriat.
Vicky Leandros had won the 1972 Contest for Luxembourg with "Après toi" and the 1973 edition was consequently held in the Luxembourgish capital.
The song is an ode to Cyprus itself, with the singers likening the country's beauty to that of Aphrodite.
It appears from the lyrics that the pair had previously been together, in a relationship which did not end well.
Reference is made to "your countryside", implying that the lover is from a rural area and unused to the ways of the city.
Thus, the song was succeeded as Icelandic representative at the 1999 Contest by Selma with "All Out Of Luck".
Brockstedt describes a romance at the Spanish holiday resort of Palma de Mallorca.
It was succeeded as Monegasque representative at the 1973 Contest by Marie with "Un train qui part".
At the close of voting, it had received 146 points, placing 6th in the 22-strong field and qualifying for the final.
The song was succeeded as Albanian entry at the 2006 contest by Luiz Ejlli singing "Zjarr e ftohtë".
It was succeeded as Maltese representative at the 2002 contest by Ira Losco with "7th Wonder".
She claims not to understand what he is saying anymore, and believes that she is losing his respect.
The lyrics to the Hungarian version were written by Rúzsa herself, who was inspired by "personal experience."
"Ella no es ella" was the Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1994, performed in Spanish by Alejandro Abad.
The duo is credited with recordings in Lithuanian, Estonian, Ukrainian, Dutch, Polish, Russian, Finnish and English, as well as a Latvian-Belarusian bilingual version.
It was succeeded as Monegasque representative at the 1970 Contest by Dominique Dussault with "Marlène".
", suggesting that unity can be achieved just as well through an understanding of other countries as it can by adopting a larger culture.
"Y sólo tú" was the Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1981, performed in Spanish by Bacchelli.
This was the final entry for Yugoslavia in the Eurovision Song Contest.
The song was succeeded as Azerbaijani representative at the 2009 contest by AySel and Arash with "Always".
The song is a ballad, with Michelle exhorting her listeners to "live love" in order to be immortal and truly live life.
The description is of life "in the king's old city", which is never named but may have been Copenhagen, given the provenance of the song.
The song is from the perspective of a man who has lost his lover.
It was succeeded as Belgian representative at the 2005 Contest by Nuno Resende with "Le grand soir".
the song was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1997 contest by Barbara Berta and "Dentro di me".
Controversially, after Norway had announced the votes, Katie Boyle said that she could not hear them and would return to them.
It was succeeded as Irish representative at the 1972 contest by Sandie Jones with "Ceol an Ghrá".
As the opening bars of music were played, however, the arms of his backing dancers gradually engulfed him, eventually pulling him in various directions.
"Listen To Your Heartbeat" became part of a controversy after it was claimed that it was plagiarised from Belgium's 1996 entry "Liefde is een kaartspel".
Run & Hide was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005, performed in English by Gracia.
The song, as the title suggests, is a piano-driven ballad.
At the close of voting, it had received 20 points, and finished third in a field of 17.
The song was performed seventeenth on the night.
"Laissez briller le soleil" was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1988, performed in French by Reynaert.
In contrast to the up-tempo styles dominating the Contest, the song is a solo love ballad.
The song was performed seventeenth on the night.
The song was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 2008 contest by Vânia Fernandes with "Senhora do mar".
After the Eurovision Song Contest 1969, however, it turned out that there was an actual real-life Jennifer Jennings living in England.
It finished in 20th place in the finals with 61 points.
Lead singer Dan Teodorescu addresses his lover, telling her that she has been able to look into his soul and find the humanity within it.
"Aspro Mavro" was the Cypriot entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1987, performed in Greek by Alexia.
A fourth song had earlier been disqualified by RTÉ, whose panel of judges Brendan Graham, Paul Brady and Shay Healy had shortlisted for the final.
It was succeeded as Italian representative at the 1968 Contest by Sergio Endrigo with "Marianne".
This was Skorgan's second participation in the Contest; in 1977 she had placed 14th out of 18 entries with "Casanova".
The final line of the song appeared in a medley of "attractive male performers" at the Congratulations special in late 2005.
Over the course of the rehearsals, Silvía continued to perform the lyrics as originally written.
It won for Belarus in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2007, held in Rotterdam, the Netherlands scoring 137 points.
"Sameyakh" was the Israeli entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2000.
It is true that Spheeris wrote a song called "Horepse" but the similarity between that song and the one of Manousselis ends there.
"La teva decisió") is a song sung by Susanne Georgi and was the Andorran entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009.
The song is a moderately up-tempo number, in which Dunne contrasts his early despondency with the joy he feels now that he is with his lover.
It is unknown what position the song finished, as only the winning song was announced.
At the close of voting, it had received 22 points, placing 16th in a field of 23.
The song was a UK Singles Chart number one hit on 27 April 1967, staying at the top for a total of three weeks.
She was also accompanied by a man in a grey suit, who, Terry Wogan commented, appeared to be playing a "Mongolian nose flute".
Allvee returned to Eurovision in Tallinn 2002 where she provided backing vocals for Ira Losco.
"Coming Home" is the Icelandic entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2011.
As Denmark had not finished the previous Contest in the top ten, this song had to be performed in the semi-final.
The song is in the chanson style and is in praise of spending a carefree time with one's lover.
The song was performed fourteenth on the night, following Norway's Odd Børre with "Stress" and preceding Spain's Massiel with "La, la, la".
"Todas as ruas do amor" qualified for the final round, where they performed 6th in the running order preceding Iceland's Yohanna with "Is It True?".
Also, this was the first year that the ESC decided to have preview videos promoting the songs competing in the contest.
He explains that the wind did change, but that it did not bring her expected return.
"Eyes That Never Lie" is a song by Petr Elfimov and was the Belarusian entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 held in Moscow, Russia.
along with cheerleaders wearing animegao masks and football players.
"Brujería" was the Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005, performed in Spanish by Son de Sol.
During Eurovision rehearsal week, D'Or left Istanbul to be with his father, who had to have one of his legs amputated due to complications of diabetes.
Here, it received 72 points, finishing 9th in the 22-song field and qualifying for the final.
Reynaert also recorded the song in English, as "The Sun Could Shine in Your Heart".
The change came about via the French pre-selection being separate for the singer and the song.
Fortunately the picture of the stage was quickly brought back.
At the close of voting, it had received 11 points, placing 20th in a field of 23.
The song is a moderately up-tempo number, with Dina comparing her lover to a series of different fruits and his love to "fresh water".
It was succeeded as Belgian representative at the 1985 Contest by Linda Lepomme singing "Laat me nu gaan".
Udo Jürgens was an Austrian-Swiss composer and singer of popular music whose career spanned over fifty years.
The song was performed twentieth on the night.
"Quero Ser Tua" is a song by Portuguese singer Suzy.
It was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 1998 Contest by Edsilia with "Hemel en aarde".
Sheer also recorded "Feuer" in English, as "Fire".
Highway performed in the first semi-final held on May 10, but failed to qualify to the May 14, 2016 final.
"Einfach weg" was the Austrian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1984, performed in German by Anita.
The song is remarkable for being the first appearance by members of the Turkish-German minority in a major role for their home country.
This marked the first time that there had been no national preliminary round to select the Eurovision entrant for the Czech Republic.
In 2002, Eyjólfur and Stefán performed the song at a concert in the Reykjavík City Theatre.
At the close of voting, it had received 68 points, placing 10th in a field of 23.
It was succeeded as the Turkish representative at the 1980 contest by Ajda Pekkan with "Pet'r Oil".
At the close of voting, it had received 15 points, placing 16th in a field of 19.
"You're Summer" was the Swedish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1973, performed in English by Claes af Geijerstam and Göran Fristorp as Nova.
"Amour, Amour" was the Luxembourgish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1987, performed in French by Belgian singer Plastic Bertrand.
At the age of seven, Wolf sang the title track for the popular Hungarian cartoon Vuk.
The song was written by Eyal Shahar and Pini Aharonbayev and Ben Green.
"SOS" was the Cypriot entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1991, performed in Greek by Elena Patroklou.
He is best known for his contribution to the Dansk Melodi Grand Prix, where he has submitted over 30 songs.
The song had great success in Turkey.
The song is a classic French ballad, with the lyric focusing on the loss of childhood innocence, and people following their dreams.
At the close of voting, it had received 64 points, placing 8th in a field of 19.
The song received 38 points, placing 12th in a field of 23.
It was succeeded as the Dutch representative at the 1979 contest by Xandra with "Colorado".
and his own "Wadde hadde dudde da?"
In the Dutch Top 40 it peaked at a #20 ranking.
"Viver senza tei" was the Swiss entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1989.
"Llámame" was the Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1962, performed in Spanish by Victor Balaguer.
The song was performed second on the night.
The song was performed eleventh on the night.
The song was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1990 contest by Egon Egemann singing "Musik klingt in die Welt hinaus".
The song is a ballad, with McKellar comparing a man without love and a man with love.
Lux had previously provided backing to Anita.
At the close of voting, it had received 195 points, placing first in a field of 24.
The performance consisted of Dana International wearing a silver dress, backed by four other female singers wearing black.
It was succeeded as Irish representative at the 2005 contest by Donna & Joe with "Love?
When the song was performed at the Eurovision Song Contest 2008, Anri Jokhadze was one of the featured backing vocalists.
"Words for Love" was the Israeli entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2003, performed in Hebrew and English by Lior Narkis.
"Él" was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 1983 Contest by Remedios Amaya with "¿Quién maneja mi barca?
It was succeeded as Belgian representative at the 1999 Contest by Vanessa Chinitor with "Like The Wind".
The song was performed tenth on the night, following Spain's Patricia Kraus with "No estás solo" and preceding Greece's Bang with "Stop".
She was the highest placed British entrant at the Eurovision Song Contest of the 2000s, coming joint third in the 2002 contest.
Olivia Newton-John would be the last solo act to represent the UK at Eurovision until Eurovision 1985.
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1983 Contest by Ami Aspelund with "Fantasiaa".
The song was performed twenty-first on the night.
At the close of voting, it had received 22 points, placing 13th in a field of 19.
It was succeeded as Monaco's entry at the 1960 Contest by François Deguelt with "Ce soir-là".
At the close of voting, it had received 66 points, placing 8th in a field of 20.
The song is a dramatic ballad, in which the lead singer tells her lover that "rivers of words" have come between them.
"Sámiid ædnan" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980, performed by Sverre Kjelsberg and Mattis Hætta.
At the close of voting, it had received 15 points, placing nineteenth in a field of twenty five.
She sings that she is unsure of exactly what her feelings mean, but wonders if they mean that she is in love with him.
Haavik was backed up on stage by dancers David Johnson and Mary Johnson.
The song is a ballad, with McGeegan reminiscing about the first time he saw his lover.
This was Macedonia's first Eurovision entry as an independent state and the first occasion on which the Macedonian language had been heard at the Contest.
13 on the Radio Luxembourg Top 30.
In the event, not only did Kirkorov not win, the Russian entry at the next Contest did not even qualify for the main event.
At the close of voting, it ranked 2nd in a field of 18 with 147 points, the highest score of any French entry to date.
At the close of voting, it had received 69 points, coming seventh in a field of eighteen.
This was Spain's first appearance at the Eurovision Song Contest, and the first occasion on which the Spanish language was used.
Slovenia selected their Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2015 entry through Mini EMA.
"Romeo" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986, performed in Norwegian by Ketil Stokkan.
Immediately following this result, rumours began to circulate that the Netherlands would opt out of the next Contest.
The song was performed fifteenth on the night, following the United Kingdom's Bucks Fizz with "Making Your Mind Up" and preceding Belgium's Emly Starr with "Samson".
The song was recorded in English as "Walking On Water".
Sparboe then tells her mother that she is in love with Kjell and will let him take her home.
The song is an up-tempo number, with Santamaria describing a series of dates with her lover, including a trip to the Marquesas Islands.
"Same Heart" is a song by Israeli recording artist Mei Finegold.
It was succeeded as German representative at the 1987 Eurovision Contest by Wind with "Laß die Sonne in dein Herz".
The song missed qualifying for the final by one position – thus requiring Israel to qualify from the semifinal at their next Contest appearance.
The song is a love ballad directed toward the titular Monica.
The song was written by Tim Norell, Ola Håkansson and Alexander Bard and performed by Tommy Nilsson.
For his Eurovision appearance, Mednis wore a black cardigan and trousers, a white shirt, and dark glasses.
Thus, he must learn to "give love a chance" in order to remain positive.
It was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1960 Contest by Anita Traversi with "Cielo e terra".
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1982 Contest by Doce with "Bem bom".
The song was composed by Michael Nekrasov and Karol herself, with lyrics by 2005 host Pavlo Shyklo.
The song was succeeded as Swedish representative in the 1968 contest by Claes-Göran Hederström, singing "Det börjar verka kärlek, banne mig".
"Mary Ann" was the British entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1979, performed in English by Black Lace.
South African boy band Hi-5 recorded an Afrikaans cover of the song, titled "Vergewe My Weer".
The song was performed eleventh on the night, following Finland's Vesa-Matti Loiri with "Huilumies" and preceding Germany's Katja Ebstein with "Theater".
The song was performed eighteenth on the night, following Ireland's Eimear Quinn with The Voice and preceding Iceland's Anna Mjöll with Sjúbídú.
At the close of voting, it had received 116 points, placing 2nd in a field of 18.
The song features the metaphor of a bullfight, comparing it either with the autocratic regime in Portugal at the time or with the culture of materialism.
In 1998, the song was re-written in German as "Wir sind dabei", as part of the hundredth anniversary celebrations for the German sporting federation.
Later, he tells his lover, "When I call you: "Butterfly"/Fly and I'll fly with you" and declares that "Love is what make us live".
The song was succeeded as Estonian representative at the 2002 contest, held in the Estonian capital of Tallinn, by Sahlene with "Runaway".
1994 and EPIC-Sony music label releases Anastazio's first LP in Greece with the title AnastasioS.
At the Eurovision Song Contest 1983 in Munich in the former West Germany the song finished 15th and has received 28 points.
At the close of voting, it had received 38 points, placing 14th in a field of 20.
Carzo also recorded an English-language version of the song, entitled "Looking for Love".
The song was placed eighth out of ten songs, and gained a total of 5 points.
This was quite a disappointing performance considering the song selection.
At the close of voting, it had received 132 points, placing 2nd in a field of 20.
The song caused some controversy in the lead-up to the contest as it was discovered to be very similar to a Julie Felix song called "Moonlight".
"The Bad Old Days" was succeeded as the British representative at the 1979 contest by Black Lace with "Mary Ann".
It was succeeded as Belgian representative at the 2003 Contest by Urban Trad singing "Sanomi".
It performed at the second semi-final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 on 14 May 2009 but failed to reach the final.
The song was performed first on the night, preceding Norway's Jahn Teigen with "Mil etter mil".
Maestro Mojmir Čačija selected the artists and was responsible for the vocal arrangement.
"Gözlerinin Hapsindeyim" was the Turkish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990, performed in Turkish by Kayahan.
In the late 80's, early 90's, the Norwegian vintage band "Lollipop" performed and released a version of Romantica.
It was succeeded as Austrian representative in the 1983 Contest by Westend singing "Hurricane".
"Emor Shalom" was the Israeli entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1976, performed in Hebrew by Chocolate, Menta, Mastik.
In the final, it was performed seventh, following Malta's Julie & Ludwig with "On Again... Off Again" and preceding Germany's Max with "Can't Wait Until Tonight".
On 24 July 2015, it was confirmed that they would return to the contest after a one-year absence.
At the close of voting, it had received 3 points, placing 24th in a field of 25.
At the close of voting, it had received 164 points, placing 2nd in a field of 24.
There have been calls to release this single across Europe to raise funds for the needy following the conflict in Abkhazia & South Ossetia.
"Ele e ela" was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1966, performed in Portuguese by Madalena Iglésias.
Ray Caruana was born in Malta but moved to the UK at the age of 5.
The song was performed twenty-third on the night.
The song was performed 8th on the night, following Denmark's Bamses Venner with "Tænker altid på dig" and preceding Switzerland's Paola with "Cinéma".
It was succeeded as Monegasque representative at the 1963 Contest by Françoise Hardy with "L'amour s'en va".
"O Julissi" was released as a single on 14 March 2008, and the song entered the Belgian Ultratop at #7.
At the close of voting, it had received 79 points, placing 8th in a field of 21.
In 1983 Monica Aspelund's sister Ami entered the contest with the song "Fantasiaa".
The song was performed nineteenth on the night.
Since then, she has taken part in many concerts in Cyprus and abroad alongside several Greek and Cypriot singers and performers.
The song was performed first on the night, preceding Luxembourg's Svetlana with "Cours après le temps".
"Reggae OK" was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1981, performed in Finnish by Riki Sorsa.
An English version of "Det' lige det", entitled "Waiting in the Rain", was released as the B-side of the 45 rpm single.
Vallée also recorded the song in English and Spanish as, respectively, "Goodbye" and "El amor hace cantar la vida".
France famously opted out of the 1982 Contest, with the national broadcaster TF1 calling Eurovision "a monument to inanity [sometimes translated as "drivel"]."
The song was conducted by Ossi Runne, who retired after this Contest.
"Shir Habatlanim" was the Israeli entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1987.
It was succeeded as Polish representative at the 2004 Contest by Blue Café with "Love Song".
Karan wanted to perform the song in English on the Eurovision night but he was not allowed due to the public voting.
The song was performed twenty-first on the night, following Poland's Kasia Kowalska with "Chcę znać swój grzech..." and preceding Slovakia's Marcel Palonder with "Kým nás máš".
It was succeeded as Belgian representative at the 1961 contest by Bob Benny performing "September, gouden roos".
"Come Back" is a single released by Welsh pop singer Jessica Garlick which was the UK entry for 2002 Eurovision Song Contest.
"La source" was performed tenth on the night, following Finland's Kristina Hautala with "Kun kello käy" and preceding Italy's Sergio Endrigo with "Marianne".
It was succeeded as Israeli representative at the 1983 Contest by Ofra Haza with "Hi" that also won Israel the second place.
She sings that as a result, we forget about those who love us.
"Never Let It Go" was the Swedish entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2002.
On this occasion, each of the four performers wore a dark blue outfit, with the two men wearing their blazers of that colour over white suits.
David also recorded the song in German and Italian.
"Sag ihr, ich lass sie grüßen" was the Austrian entry in the 1965 Eurovision Song Contest, performed in German by Udo Jürgens.
After working with Solveig on one song, Madonna continued recording others including "Give Me All Your Luvin'".
"One More Night" was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2003, performed in English by Esther Hart.
The song was announced to represent Cyprus in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 on 20 January 2011.
He explains that a man without love is "only half a man, this nothing", and a man "with love is everything in life".
However, of the first ten "single" songs to be recorded, Ramón chose to sing four of them himself, which caused a split in the group.
At the close of voting, it had received the dreaded nul points - zero - placing 13th in a field of 16.
The song was performed fifth on the night, following Spain's Bravo with "Lady, Lady" and preceding the United Kingdom's Belle & The Devotions with "Love Games".
It is one of only seven Swiss entries in the contest to be sung in English.
The song was performed third on the night".
At the close of voting, it had received 6 points, placing 8th in a field of 16.
"Tomorrow I Go" was the Albanian entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2005, performed in English by Ledina Çelo.
Torr had had her breakthrough on the francophone music scene as a 16-year-old in 1963 with her second single Dans mes bras, oublie ta peine.
The song deals with Bendiksen's feelings of goodwill toward the world.
Tommy Körberg returned to the Contest in 1988 when he represented Sweden with "Stad i ljus".
"Have Some Fun" is the Czech Republic's entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 and was chosen to represent them on 26 January 2008.
The song is a ballad, with the singers expressing their desire for all of humanity to live as one in harmony.
Ukraine participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2015 in Sofia, Bulgaria.
32 on the UK Singles Chart, was succeeded as UK entry at the 2002 contest by Jessica Garlick with "Come Back".
It was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 2000 Contest by Charmed with "My Heart Goes Boom".
"Liefde is een kaartspel" was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996, performed in Dutch by Lisa del Bo.
The single release also saw a video produced with a similarly irreverent take on things.
The song deals with the story of Michael Mallory, a soldier.
Sophie also sings that the phrase "Let's both leave on that ship" is something she could not say in real life but finds easy to sing.
"Foi magia" was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004, performed in Portuguese by Sofia Vitória.
It was succeeded as Yugoslav representative at the 1989 contest by Riva with "Rock Me".
"Yamma, yamma" was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, performed in Finnish by Pave Maijanen.
Near the end of the song, however, two members set up a small robot which also danced with them in the final chorus.
"Un jardin sur la terre" was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1971, performed in French by Serge Lama.
Bosnian band Hari Mata Hari had been selected to perform, but their intended entry "Starac i more" had already been released elsewhere.
The song is the second Austrian entry in praise of Vienna.
It was followed a year later by 1994's entry for Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina by Alma & Dejan performing "Ostani kraj mene".
"Gwendolyne" was the Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1970, performed in Spanish by Julio Iglesias.
In the 2016 Eurovision she presented Malta with the song Walk On WaterThe song is composed by Philip Vella and written by Gerard James Borg.
Among the backing singers supporting her was Tor Endresen, who would later represent Norway nine years later.
Mention is made of "all of our children", implying that this is a long-term desire, rather than an immediate one.
The song was performed fourth on the night.
At the close of voting, it had received zero points, placing 15th in a field of 18.
"Modlitba" was the Slovak entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1998, sung by Katarína Hasprová in the Slovak language.
Hænning also recorded the song in her mother tongue Danish, English, French and Spanish.
At the close of voting, it had received 36 points, placing 14th in a field of 22.
At the close of voting, it had received 44 points, placing 12th in a field of 20.
"The War Is Not Over" was Latvia's entry in the 2005 Eurovision Song Contest, performed in English by Valters & Kaža.
The song is a ballad, sung from the perspective of a woman whose lover has ended their relationship.
Morey also recorded the song in an English language version, entitled "Let's Begin Again".
Lou wore a white jacket and trousers over a black top, along with a belt with a red fastener.
It was succeeded as Swiss representative by Sandra Simó with "Canzone per te".
"Esmer yarim" was the Turkish entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1993, held in Millstreet, Ireland.
At the close of voting, it had received 8 points, placing 21st in a field of 24.
At the close of voting, it had received 33 points, placing 13th in a field of 20.
The song is a ballad, in which Scerri is reminded of a former relationship by hearing a song being played.
It was succeeded as Irish representative at the 2001 contest by Gary O'Shaughnessy with "Without Your Love".
The song tells the story of the title characters.
She sings that, as the new century draws near, it is a perfect opportunity to take stock of the situation.
At the end of judging that evening, "Go" took the second-place slot with 136 points.
The song is a positive one, with a slow yet happy melody reminiscent of Janis Joplin.
It was succeeded as Belgian representative at the 1989 contest by Ingeborg with "Door de wind".
"Donne-moi une chance" was the Luxembourgish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993, performed in French and Luxembourgish by the duo Modern Times.
As Ireland finished in the bottom 8 countries, they were unable to compete in the 2002 contest.
"When" was the Irish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1976, performed in English by Red Vincent Hurley.
At the close of voting, it had received 25 points, placing 16th in a field of 23.
The English lyric tells of a love between a boy and his darling Caterina.
Sure!, he was one of new jack swing's most popular romantic singers and producers.
At the close of voting, it had received 88 points, placing 6th in a field of 22.
At the close of voting, it had received 7 points, placing 24th in a field of 24.
"Laß Die Sonne In Dein Herz" was performed sixteenth on the night.
At the close of the voting Assia had received 24 points, placing second behind France's André Claveau.
When asked about the symbolism behind that, Elnur and Samir said:
Here, it was performed tenth, following Moldova's Natalia Barbu with "Fight" and preceding Albania's Frederik Ndoci with "Hear My Plea".
The song was composed by Paul de Senneville and one Jean Baudlot.
At the close of voting, it had received 44 points, placing 14th in a field of 22.
He was accompanied by four backing singers; two women in lilac gowns and two men in black suits.
The song is a plea for global unity, with the duo urging their listeners "don't stop helping people".
Serafín Zubíri returned to the Contest in 2000, singing "Colgado de un sueño".
"Vechny strannik" was the Russian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1994, performed in Russian by Youddiph.
The song was performed tenth on the night, following Spain's Julio Iglesias with "Gwendolyne" and preceding Germany's Katja Ebstein with "Wunder gibt es immer wieder".
The song was performed fifteenth on the night.
Since 1999 Anastazio has traveled the world with his own one-man show.
The song received 25 points, placing 2nd in a field of 13.
Composer Donida is best known in America for writing "Uno dei tanti," or "I".
It was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 1971 Contest by Saskia & Serge with "Tijd".
The song was performed fifth on the night").
At the close of voting, it had received 69 points, placing 8th in a field of 25.
Stella also recorded the song in English and German, entitled "If You Do Like My Music" and "Tut mir Leid, dass ich weine" respectively.
At the contest, it was performed second on the night.
The song is noted for its similarities to "Unchained Melody".
She is being chased because she deciphered the code which everyone wants so badly, and the word is "Vodka".
At the close of voting, it had received 83 points, placing 5th in a field of 22.
The song was performed eighth on the night.
Following the Contest, the song was covered by South African boy band Hi-5 as Daai Liedje.
After the supernatural intervention of "a fairy", the two became a couple.
At the close of voting, it had received 48 points, placing 18th in a field of 18.
"Missä miehet ratsastaa" is also the first single release from the forthcoming album Myrskyntuoja.
He goes on to beg for forgiveness, even suggesting that love itself may be a punishment.
The song was finished 5th in the final.
"Il est là" was the second French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1956, performed in French by Dany Dauberson.
here it performed 11th, following the Netherlands' Edsilia Rombley with "On Top of the World" and preceding Denmark's DQ with "Drama Queen".
At the close of voting, it had received 51 points, placing 12th in a field of 19.
At the close of voting, it had received 11 points, placing 16th in a field of 18.
At the close of the voting it had received 15 points, placing 19th of twenty five.
The song was performed thirteenth on the night".
It remained Bulgaria's best placing until 2016.
Do you want to dance a waltz?"
It was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1994 contest by Duilio singing "Sto pregando".
The song is a metal-based number, comparable to Within Temptation or Evanescence in sound.
The song was written by Hannah Mancini, Gregor Zemljič, Erik Margan, Matija Rodić and Marko Primužak.
At the close of voting, it had received 40 points, placing 13th in a field of 20.
"Silent Storm" is a song by Norwegian singer Carl Espen.
Sergio and Estíbaliz also recorded an English language version of their entry, then entitled "Love Come Home".
These "passive" countries were, however, entitled to return the following year.
"Lorraine" was the debut entry for Bulgaria in the Eurovision Song Contest, being performed in the semi-final of the 2005 edition of the Contest by Kaffe.
Typically of the band, the lyrics are full of unusual imagery.
Nascimento sings about a former lover, who told him that she was going to see the world, promising to return if the wind changed.
"Gelukkig zijn" was the Belgian entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1975, performed in Dutch and English by Ann Christy.
As she explains, "If I have to run all the time/What would I do with the money?"
Thus, the song was succeeded as Belgian representative at the 2002 Contest by Sergio & The Ladies with "Sister".
The song was performed sixth on the night, following Turkey's MFÖ with "Sufi" and preceding Netherlands' Gerard Joling with "Shangri-La".
The duo performed the song at the first semi-final on May 20 and was chosen as one of the ten finalists for the competition.
It's also a love hymn from Portuguese people to their ex-colonies people, whom they had fought.
The song had received 12 points from Ireland, Lithuania and Moldova.
The song was performed twelfth on the night.
Ejlli and three backing singers who barely moved from their positions, while two Albanian folk musicians provided accompaniment.
Mikhail Smirnov won it and will represent Russia with his song "Mechta".
Melsen also recorded the song in German, English and Italian.
The song ends with the dramatic line "Don't ever cry, my Croatian sky".
At the close of voting, it had received 94 points, placing 5th in a field of 20.
The song is a plea for peace, set against the backdrop of the war of aggression which had recently engulfed Croatia.
The song was performed fourteenth on the night.
For their performance in Eurovision they were, however, reduced to six singers; two female and four male.
Two of the more common applications of the word are as part of the terms "with prejudice" and "without prejudice".
"Le plus beau jour de ma vie" was the second Belgian entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1956, performed in French by Mony Marc.
"En dag" is a ballad, which was the Swedish Melodifestivalen 1989 winning song and entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1989, where it finished 4th.
and preceding Cyprus' Constantinos with "Mono Yia Mas".
The song is a ballad, in which Reilly sings about his desire to meet a former lover once again.
The song is the best known as Sweden's winning entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1991 held in Rome, Italy, with 146 points.
The song is a ballad, with the singers mourning the end of their relationship.
It was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 1963 Contest by Anita Thallaug with "Solvherv".
As Finland had not participated in the 2003 Contest, the song was performed in the semi-final.
Out of 24 entries, the song finished in 22nd place in the final, gathering 19 points.
The song is about the titular Caroline Robinson, the "top-witch of this town", who has considerable sex appeal now that she doesn't use her broomstick.
The song received 5 points, placing 21st in a field of 22.
A Slovene version of the song was performed by Stavec at EMA, the Slovene selection for Eurovision, titled "Lep poletni dan".
The performance featured the combination of traditionally-dressed Balkan folk musicians and Severina herself in a red dress.
Oversleeping is said to "calm you down", among other benefits.
The new version includes a higher key change, some added parts and a more up-beat tempo.
The song is in the chanson style and features Makulis singing about the joy which will be around him when "you" return to him.
and preceding Denmark's Jakob Sveistrup and "Talking to You".
At the close of voting, it had received 17 points, placing 14th in a field of 18.
She thus became the first artist to have failed to appear at the main Contest in 1996 to make an appearance later.
His solo album debut, Brinck, was a Top Ten hit on the Danish albums chart.
"Oliver" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1979, performed in Norwegian by Anita Skorgan.
This website is no longer in service.
She paints various images of the bliss that they can have as a result.
It was succeeded by Teigen performing solo with "Do Re Mi" as the Norwegian representative at the 1983 contest.
They had both competed with other songs in the Icelandic finals.
You Can Count On Me was the Irish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986, performed in English by Luv Bug.
The song is sung to a boy growing up.
At the close of voting, it had received 22 points, placing 13th in a field of 19.
The song was performed tenth on the night.
"Hear My Plea" was the Albanian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007, performed in English and Albanian by Frederik Ndoci.
de Oliveira takes the role of a woman whose lover is ending their relationship, and tells him how she feels.
In 1991, Bebi Dol finally won the National Eurovision Contest, and went on to represent SFR Yugoslavia in Rome, with her song "Brazil".
The song was performed ninth on the night, following Switzerland's Mariella Farré with "Io così non ci sto" and preceding Greece's Christie Stassinopoulou with "Mou Les".
At the close of voting, it had received 38 points, placing 13th in a field of 22.
At the close of voting, it had received 9 points, placing 22nd in a field of 25.
The English version of "Colorado" peaked at #9 and spent a total of 10 weeks on the Swedish singles chart.
"Tick-Tock" is a song by Ukrainian pop-singer Mariya Yaremchuk.
The song was performed tenth on the night.
This was Rung's second Eurovision entry, in 1962 she had made her debut in the Contest as a 16-year-old with "Tipi-tii", which finished in 7th position.
Incipit – the first line(s) of text, as pertaining to vocal works
It was succeeded as Macedonian representative at the 2006 contest by Elena Risteska with "Ninanajna".
It was composed by Peter Reber and written by Maurice Tézé.
The song, written by Gabriel Alares, Sebastian Lestapier, Ellen Berg and Leonid Gutkin, represented Moldova in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016.
"Lăutar" is a song by singer Pasha Parfeny.
The song was performed twelfth on the night.
At the close of voting, it had received 8 points, placing 7th in a field of 17.
It was a finalist in the song contest and finished 10th with 92 points.
Georgia ended in tenth place with 51 points.
It was succeeded as French representative at the 1997 contest by Fanny with "Sentiments songes".
1 on the United States Billboard 200 chart and charted four number-one singles in the U.S. within a 12-month period.
The song is an up-tempo number about "the bank of joy", which the band sings is where one's happiness is to be found.
"Talking to You" was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005, performed in English by Jakob Sveistrup.
Like all previous Italian Eurovision entries, the song had also won that year's Sanremo Music Festival.
Dex recorded her entry in four languages; Dutch, French, English and German.
by Remedios Amaya, and before Finland's entry "Fantasiaa" by Ami Aspelund
The song was performed sixteenth on the night, following Italy's Mia Martini with "Libera" and preceding Belgium's Dream Express with "A Million in One, Two, Three".
The song was also written by Abad.
It was succeeded as French representative at the 1981 Contest by Jean Gabilou with "Humanahum".
The song was performed twentieth on the night, following Israel's Eden with "Yom Huledet" and preceding Germany's Sürpriz with "Reise nach Jerusalem - Kudüs'e seyahat".
He is the son of a professional singer.
The song was composed by Petri Laaksonen.
An English version of the song was also produced, titled "A Look Inside Yourself", with much the same theme.
Until the 2009 Contest, it was the last top 10 finish for a "Big Four" country.
At the time, the song was the third-worst performer for the United Kingdom since entering Eurovision in 1957.
The song is a folk-influenced number, directed at the titular butterfly and dealing with the impermanence of life.
It was succeeded as Israeli representative at the 2001 Contest by Tal Sondak with "En Davar".
During the Eurovision 2014 segment, "Eurovision Book of Records", it was revealed that "Sveta ljubav" held the Eurovision record for the highest note.
Thus, he pledges to "study languages, beautiful words" in order to find the words in every language.
"If I Had Your Love" was the Icelandic entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005, performed in English by Selma.
"Ostani kraj mene" was the Bosnian and Herzegovinian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1994, performed in Bosnian by Alma and Dejan.
"Devil Eyes", "Nobody's Child" and "Dance, Bunny Honey, Dance".
After competing in the semi-finals the song passed to the final on 16 May.
"For din skyld" was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1965, performed in Danish by Birgit Brüel.
At the close of voting, it had received 5 points, placing 8th in a field of 12.
The song is a moderately up-tempo number.
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1973 Contest by Fernando Tordo with "Tourada".
There was polemic and a petition against the result, with second placed Catarina Pereira contesting the result.
Since drummer Peter May was requested to play with Cliff Richard in a concert tour, he was replaced by Richard Marcangelo.
Brendan Graham had originally submitted "The Voice" for consideration to represent Ireland in Eurovision 1996 via a recording made by the neo-traditional Celtic band Dervish.
Velez also recorded the song in French and German, as "Voulez-vous danser avec moi?"
In the night of the show the title was replaced by "Diri Diri".
Topić then responds in English that Gluhak will "never know how much I love you/You'll never know how much I need you".
"Marcel" was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1963, performed in German by Heidi Brühl.
Emperatrizz had himself won the second runner-up award at the European Miss Transvestite 1997 pageant.
"Je veux donner ma voix" was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1999, performed in French by Nayah.
The song was succeeded as Maltese representative at the 2009 contest by Chiara with "What If We".
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1973 Contest by Marion Rung with "Tom Tom Tom".
It was chosen to represent Azerbaijan at the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Denmark.
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1994 Contest by Sara Tavares with "Chamar a música".
It was internally selected to represent Georgia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Denmark.
It was succeeded as Belgian representative at the 1959 Contest by Bob Benny performing "Hou toch van mij".
It was succeeded as Yugoslavian representative at the 1972 contest by Tereza Kesovija with "Muzika i ti".
"Moja generacija" was the Yugoslavian entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1974, performed in Serbo-Croatian by veteran rock band Korni Grupa.
The song was performed fourteenth on the night, following Germany's Siw Malmkvist with "Primaballerina" and preceding Portugal's Simone de Oliveira with "Desfolhada portuguesa".
At the close of voting, it had received 69 points, placing 8th in a field of 19.
At the Contest, it was performed third on the night, following France's Betty Mars with "Comé-comédie" and preceding Spain's Jaime Morey with "Amanece".
On the night of the semi-final, the song performed twenty-third, following Ireland's Donna and Joseph McCaul with "Love?"
At the climax of the song, Ludwig sings a bridge begging Julie to "come across" the "river between us" in the name of love.
The song is a ballad, with Grace telling her lover that they are "driftin' far apart" and thus that their relationship is coming to an end.
The demo versions of the song were presented on March 8, 2008, on a RTCG live show, while the rearranged version was released on March 17.
"Amanece" was the Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1972, performed in Spanish by Jaime Morey.
As the song ends, however, she has been called to board her plane and he is left still wondering about her.
It was succeeded as Bosnian and Herzegovinian representative at the 2005 Contest by Feminnem with "Call Me".
At the close of voting, it had received 11 points, placing 20th in a field of 23.
The song was performed tenth on the night, following Germany's Guildo Horn with "Guildo hat euch lieb!"
The new wave- and synthpop-inspired song, co-written by Plastic Bertrand himself, deals with the power of love.
She also charted two number-one singles on the R&B charts in the U.S. and a number-one in the U.K.
This song is a love song, Dragović singing she "belongs to you" and swearing this by the names both of God and the Biblical character.
At the close of voting, it had received 115 points to finish 11th and require Croatia to qualify through the semi-final again.
Outside waterside scenes were taped near the Monumento al Ahogado.
The song was performed seventh on the night, following Italy's Emilio Pericoli with "Uno per tutte" and preceding Denmark's Grethe and Jørgen Ingmann with "Dansevise".
At the close of voting, it had received 50 points, placing eleventh in a field of twenty three.
At the close of voting, it had received 53 points, placing 11th in a field of 26.
The song won the Grand Prix, thus earning the right to represent Norway at the Eurovision Song Contest 1994.
The song was pre-qualified for the final as Spain are part of the "Big Four" and guaranteed entry at any Contest.
Summer has reportedly sold over 130 million records, making her one of the world's best-selling artists of all time.
It was sung by Klips ve Onlar in Turkish.
The song was performed fourth on the night.
"Let Me Try" is a song recorded by Romanian singer Luminița Anghel.
"All Kinds of Everything" represented a return to the ballad form from the more energetic performances which had dominated Eurovision the previous years.
The song competed in the second semi-final of the contest on 14 May 2009 but failed to reach the final, having finished last with 7 points.
At the close of voting, it had received 65 points, placing 16th in a field of 18.
"Nous aurons demain" was the Swiss entrant to the Eurovision Song Contest 1961, held in Cannes, France, and was performed in French.
This was Norway's debut at the Eurovision Song Contest, and consequently the first occasion on which the Norwegian language was used at the Contest.
The song was also recorded in Italian and Spanish.
The song was performed first on the night, preceding the Netherlands' Linda with "No Goodbyes".
It was succeeded as Belgian representative at the 1958 contest by Fud Leclerc performing "Ma petite chatte".
"De mallemolen" was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1977, performed in Dutch by Heddy Lester.
The song has been recorded in a number of other languages.
It was succeeded as Italian representative at the 1989 Contest by Anna Oxa & Fausto Leali with "Avrei voluto".
At the close of voting, it had received 10 points, placing 7th in a field of 16.
It represented Russia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002.
At the close of voting, it had received 86 points, placing 7th in a field of 23.
He explains that "All I'll ever do is watch over you".
"Midnight Gold" is a song performed by Georgian indie rock band Nika Kocharov & Young Georgian Lolitaz.
While the performance itself remained relatively static, a series of high-fives brought some movement to proceedings.
The choreography was arranged by Adrian, who was assisted by a famous German choreographer.
Here, it was performed ninth, following Germany's Texas Lightning with "No No Never" and preceding Russia's Dima Bilan with "Never Let You Go".
She tells him that his presence brightens the day considerably and that he shouldn't be afraid of loving her, as he appears to be.
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1979 contest by Tommy Seebach with "Disco Tango".
Ebstein returned a third time to the Contest in 1980 with "Theater".
Kaupers' response that he danced very well prompted further cheers from the live audience as well as a repeat of his moves.
At the close of the song, Ferrer was lifted onto the shoulders of her male dancers, delivering the spoken line "Coco-Dance" a cappella.
This act, while unable to be repeated at the Contest itself, earned the song the Danish nickname "The Swimming Pool Song".
by Imaani in 1998, "Come Back" being the first UK entrant to score a Top Ten finish at Eurovision since "Where Are You?".
At the close of voting, it had received 68 points, placing 9th in a field of 19.
The song was performed in Danish at the Dansk Melodi Grand Prix in 2001, titled "Der står et billede af dig på mit bord".
Ukraine finished in 11th place with 38 points.
It was performed eighteenth and last on the night, following Ireland's Dickie Rock with "Come Back to Stay".
It was succeeded as Greek representative at the 1998 Contest by Thalassa with "Mia Krifi Evesthisia".
The song was performed thirteenth on the night, following Norway's Elisabeth Andreassen with "I evighet" and preceding Slovenia's Regina with "Dan najlepših sanj".
Mia Krifi Evesthisia was the Greek entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998, performed in Greek by Thalassa.
Everyone knows that the Israeli people want peace with Syria".
The New Version of the song was mixed by Michael Frondelli, Gene Grimaldi, John "Jr" Robinson, Nathan East and Michael Tompson.
It was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 1994 contest by Willeke Alberti with "Waar is de zon?
The first "Austrian" was Freddy Quinn who represented Germany in 1956.
Sandra & Andres also recorded the song in English, German and French.
The song was performed eighteenth on the night.
The song is a love ballad, with Bigalis singing to his lover about a time they spent on a trehandiri sailing around the Greek islands.
Cindy & Bert also recorded the song in English, as "Our Summersong of Love".
"Jedan dan" was the Yugoslavian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1968, performed in Croatian by Dubrovački trubaduri.
The song was performed fifth on the night.
"Hey Nana" was the source of some controversy between the artist and the Belgian TV channel BRT.
It was succeeded as Maltese representative at the 1995 Contest by Mike Spiteri with "Keep Me In Mind".
The song is a ballad, with Max singing about his desire for his lover and telling her that he "can't wait until tonight/for being with you".
Out on My Own is also a song and first album by Sheila Chandra from 1984.
It was performed fourth on the night.
"Absent Friend" was performed 10th on the night, following Monaco's Marjorie Noël with "Va dire à l'amour" and preceding France's Guy Mardel with "N'avoue jamais".
This was Croatia's debut as an independent nation in the Eurovision Song Contest.
The final version of the song was released on February 3, 2012, as the lead single from MDNA.
"Une petite française" is a mid-tempo ballad, with Torr describing herself as an average Frenchwoman, rather than the cosmopolitan types more commonly associated with that country.
It was succeeded as Luxembourgish representative at the 1975 Contest by Géraldine with "Toi".
The song recollects the childhood of the singer, when she loved the cinema, the lights and the heroes of the cinema.
Junger Tag was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1973, performed in German by Danish singer Gitte Hænning.
He sings back saying she is being unfair, prolonging the relationship and he has his own life to live.
Torr recorded her entry in five languages: French, German, English, Spanish, and Italian.
The Birmingham contest in 1998 was the last up to date to be accompanied by a live orchestra.
The chorus, delivered in Spanish, exhorts everyone to dance like the girl would.
The song was performed seventh on the night, following Bosnia and Herzegovina's Mija Martina with "Ne brini" and preceding Croatia's Claudia Beni with "Više nisam tvoja".
The song is in the chanson style, popular in the early years of the Contest.
The song is a ballad in praise of Portugal itself.
It remains the only Swiss entry to have reached no.
It represented Moldova in the Eurovision Song Contest 2012.
"Hé hé M'sieurs dames" was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980, performed in French by the five-piece group Profil.
The song qualified for the Eurovision Song Contest after defeating 83 other acts earlier in the year, without incident.
The song was performed eleventh on the night, following France's Nayah with "Je veux donner ma voix" and preceding Poland's Mietek Szcześniak with "Przytul mnie mocno".
However Sveriges radio decided to send Brita Borg to Eurovision with the song instead of Malmkvist.
The lyrics of the song were written by Iuliana Scutaru.
Early recordings featured the lyrics "That someone is loser, that someone is winner".
The song is a dramatic ballad, featuring an extended metaphor.
The song was written by Jelle de Vries and performed in Dutch by Corry Brokken.
At the close of voting, it had received 73 points, placing 8th in a field of 25.
The song is performed in something of the folk traditions of the Austrian alps, with yodelling and a large brass section.
A Japanese version of the song can be heard as the opening for the anime series Di Gi Charat Nyo!
"Mitt liv" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1987, performed in Norwegian by Kate Gulbrandsen.
At the close of voting, it had received 35 points, placing 15th in a field of 20.
The swing influenced song represented Belgium at the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 first semi-final in Belgrade, but missed out on qualification to the grand final.
The other singles peaked at numbers twenty and thirty, respectively.
The song was performed eighth on the night.
The song is a ballad, with the singer telling his lover that he simply cannot imagine life "without you".
Maribelle herself recorded the song in four languages: Dutch, English, German, and French.
This was France's second victory in the first five years of the Contest.
The song was performed by Lys Assia, winner for Switzerland at the 1956 contest, and was composed by Paul Burkhard and Fridolin Tschudi.
The song was performed eighteenth and last on the night.
The song was performed eleventh on the night.
Lior Narkis was accompanied on stage by five women in black dresses, each with a different colour petticoat.
After being discovered by Cornelis Vreeswijk 1971, she was a prominent singer in several genres, mainly folk and rock music, for over two decades.
Thus, the song was succeeded as Luxembourgish representative at the 1960 contest by Camillo Felgen with "So laang we's du do bast".
She likens herself to a wave in an extended metaphor, explaining that she will love him on her terms only.
The show's executive producer is Ken Corday, and co-executive producers are Greg Meng and Albert Alarr.
"Hombres" is a song that was Spain's entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1993, held in Millstreet, Republic of Ireland.
"Only the Light", was composed by Richard Peebles who performed the song at the Eurovision Song Contest in 1987.
It was succeeded as Croatian representative at the 2002 contest by Vesna Pisarović with "Everything I Want".
Also, the five back-up singers wore sunglasses, wigs and fake facial hair, resembling Tellier.
The song was performed twenty-fifth on the night.
Italy finished in 16th place during the contest with 34 points.
The very good-looking and persuasive man invites her to have lunch at an expensive restaurant, to which she happily agrees.
Despite the high showing at Gothenburg, the song placed at No.
At the close of voting it had received 119 points, coming third in a field of twenty.
It was succeeded as German representative at the 1984 contest by Mary Roos with "Aufrecht geh'n".
It was succeeded as Turkish representative at the 1997 contest with Paker again, this time with the song "Dinle".
The song reached number 1 in both the Swiss and the Norwegian Singles Chart.
The singers all wore identical white suits.
"Småting" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1972, performed in Norwegian by Grethe & Benny.
We want to have fun and not go to war, but the right wing is not happy about that message."
Bano and Power also recorded the song in Spanish and French, entitled "Viviremos todo de nuevo" and "T'aimer encore une fois" respectively.
"Ne zori, zoro" was Macedonian  entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998, performed in Macedonian by Vlado Janevski.
The song is a ballad with Dès talking about his return of a travel to Italy.
Keld Heick is a Danish singer, songwriter and musician.
Fra Mols til Skagen was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1995, performed in Danish by Aud Wilken.
Initially, he describes them as windows into her soul and places where he can see their future.
That is to say, he sings about the subject matter itself, rather than singing the type of song usually associated with the style.
"Rise Up" is a song by Greek duo Freaky Fortune featuring rapper RiskyKidd.
At the close of voting, it had received 14 points, placing 4th in a field of 16.
Due to Switzerland missing the 2003 contest, the country was forced to participate in the semi final of the 2004 contest.
In 1982, they re-recorded "We'll Live It All Again" for their Spanish language album Felicidad, then with new lyrics and retitled "Vivirlo otra vez".
At the close of the voting, the song had received 40 points, placing 2nd in a field of 16.
The song is an up-tempo Euro disco number, with Xandee singing about the need to take advantage of every opportunity because we only have "one life".
It describes his routine of making coffee and smoking, and feeding the birds so that they come and sing the Lazy Bums' Song.
After Eurovision, the song placed at No.
"Bzz.." is a song recorded by Georgian child singing trio Bzikebi.
It represented Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest 1995 in Dublin, Ireland.
At the close of voting, it had received 101 points, placing 4th in a field of 19.
At the close of voting, it had received 12 points, placing 5th in a field of 11.
Hans "Hansi" Hinterseer is an Austrian singer, actor, entertainer and former alpine skier.
She is planning to release her debut album in December 2008.
Bessy Argyraki has performed a version of the song in Greek.
As he recounts his emotions at the event, he makes the comment that "nobody knows I am crying/'Cause I'm walking the streets in the rain".
They explain that this is "crazy, crazy", because "It's we, not the stars above, who write our horoscopes".
Here, it was performed sixth, following Latvia's Walters & Kazha with "The War Is Not Over" and preceding Israel's Shiri Maimon with "Hasheket Shenish'ar".
At the close of voting, it had received 8 points, placing 7th in a field of 17.
It finished last in the final with 2 points.
"Chi sarà con te" was the Italian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1973, performed in Italian by Massimo Ranieri.
The Russian entry was selected internally by the Russian broadcaster Russia-1.
It was the second of Ireland's three victories in a row in the early Nineties.
At the close of voting, it had received 2 points, placing 10th in a field of 16.
"My Little World" was the Austrian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1976, performed in English by Waterloo & Robinson.
"Chamar a música" was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1994, performed in Portuguese by Sara Tavares.
At the close of voting, it had received 25 points, placing 15th in a field of 22.
Malta, Austria, Monaco and Turkey all came last in their first appearances, but each received at least one point.
At the close of voting, it had received 85 points, placing 6th in a field of 18.
The title appears in the chorus, specifically "What's another year/To someone who is getting used to being alone?"
"Som en vind", written by Mikael Wendt, is a song performed by Edin-Ådahl.
It was the Italian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1984, performed in Italian by Alice and Franco Battiato.
The song was performed eleventh on the night, following Spain's Marcos Llunas with "Sin rencor" and preceding Poland's Anna Maria Jopek with "Ale jestem".
It was sung by Gozitan singer Morena.
It was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1977 contest by the Pepe Lienhard Band with "Swiss Lady".
"Duett" is a power ballad in Norwegian, sung by Elisabeth Andreassen and Jan Werner Danielsen as a duet in the Norwegian Melodi Grand Prix 1994.
It was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1978 Contest by Carole Vinci with "Vivre".
An Estonian version, titled Nii kui enne with lyrics by Heldur Karmo, was sung by Kalmer Tennosaar.
At the close of voting, it had received 81 points, placing 8th in a field of 23.
Lead singer Tatiana Okupnik sings that she wants to be loved, and that "Every night/I sing this way".
The song received no points from the 19 other countries taking part, placing joint last of 20 together with Spain who also failed to score.
Disconsolate, they both sit down and attempt to call each other and receive no answer.
At the close of voting, it had received 4 points, placing 23rd in a field of 24.
At the close of voting, it had received 52 points, placing 10th in a field of 18.
A cover version of this song has been recorded by Tanel Padar.
In Dublin, the song was performed fourth on the night, after Finland's Boulevard with "Nauravat silmät muistetaan", and before Turkey's Mazhar-Fuat-Özkan with "Sufi."
The song represented Malta in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Germany.
"Diggi-Loo Diggi-Ley" was the winning song in the Eurovision Song Contest 1984 performed in Swedish by a trio of brothers named Herrey's.
Ebstein returned a third time to the Contest in 1980 with "Theater".
Maijanen also recorded the song in English under the same title; "Yamma-yamma".
She is also a member of the CyBC orchestra.
ManuElla performed it in the second semi-final on May 12, 2016 but failed to qualify to the May 14 finals.
"Colgado de un sueño" was the Spanish entry for the Eurovision Song Contest in the year 2000.
It was succeeded as Icelandic representative at the 1992 Contest by Heart 2 Heart with Nei eða já.
The national broadcaster Macedonian Radio Television held auditions at their studios in September 2015.
It is generally regarded as one of the stronger entries from the successor states of Yugoslavia.
She tells him that she is fully aware of his infidelity, but she chooses to ignore it "because you are my life".
Performed in English by André, it opened the semi-final before being performed last in the final, having qualified in 6th position with 150 points.
It was succeeded as Cypriot representative at the 1998 Contest by Michael Hajiyanni with "Yenesis".
Fredi returned to the Contest in 1976 with the song "Pump-Pump".
The song is an up-tempo number, in which Narkis tells his lover that he cannot find the right way to tell her about his feelings.
At the close of voting, it had received 106 points, placing 6th in a field of 22, Malta's best result by far at the time.
It was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 1965 Contest by Conny Vandenbos with "'t Is genoeg".
"Todas as ruas do amor" is a song by Portuguese band Flor-de-Lis, and was the Portuguese entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 2009.
"Od nas zavisi" was the Macedonian  entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 2002, performed in the Macedonian language by Karolina.
As a country broadcasting but not entering that Contest, Portugal was re-admitted in the following year.
The song peaked at #1 in the Irish Charts.
The song came 9th with 110 points.
The song did not appear on the band's debut studio album, Fake Reality, but will feature on its re-release.
On 20 August 2015, their participation in the 2015 contest was confirmed.
As was the case for many of the male entrants at that year's Contest, Doran wore a white suit in his performance.
It is an up-tempo number in praise of the tradition of hitch-hiking throughout Europe.
Monica Kristina Ingeborg Törnell, is a Swedish singer and songwriter.
Thus, the song was replaced as Bosnian and Herzegovinian representative in the 1999 Contest by Dino and Béatrice with "Putnici".
The song was performed seventh on the night, following Luxembourg's Michèle Arnaud with "Ne crois pas" and preceding the Netherlands' Corry Brokken with "Voorgoed voorbij".
"Yavo Yom" was the Israeli entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986, performed in Hebrew by Moti Giladi & Sarai Tzuriel.
"Bonjour, Bonjour" was the Swiss entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1969, performed in German by Paola Del Medico.
The song was performed seventeenth on the night, following the United Kingdom's Imaani with "Where Are You?"
He thinks that his lover is waiting for him.
"Bem bom" was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1982, performed in Portuguese by Doce.
"Lenge leve livet" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1984, performed in Norwegian by Dollie de Luxe.
It was succeeded as Russian representative by t.A.T.u.
The song is sung as a dialogue among friends, with one explaining that he is suffering from an illness.
There are also two versions of the video.
The song was performed fourth on the night.
At the close of voting, it had received 58 points, placing 9th in a field of 19.
Setting – the order of setting as it pertains to vocal works that have numerous settings of the same text
"Strings Of My Heart" was the Croatian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2001, performed in English by Vanna.
"Era" was composed by British-Italian singer-songwriter Shel Shapiro and the lyrics were written by Andrea Lo Vecchio.
"Colorado" was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 1980 Contest by Maggie MacNeal with "Amsterdam".
The song was performed eleventh on the night under the baton of Franck Pourcel.
"Adieu" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1982, performed in Norwegian by Jahn Teigen and Anita Skorgan.
The song seeks to define what the then-current generation wanted.
Many commentators had difficulty pronouncing the song title or the performer's name.
The song's title, "pain in the world" refers to the suffering of the Bosnian War which was ongoing at the time.
The semi-final took place on 25 July 2015.
"Together We Are One" was the Israeli entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006, performed in English and Hebrew by Eddie Butler.
The song is directed to a woman who leads a glamorous life.
The lyrics were written by Leelo Tungal, a well-known Estonian poet and writer of children's books.
and preceding Hungary's Charlie with "A holnap már nem lesz szomorú".
It was performed sixth on the night.
She appears to have bittersweet memories of those "we once shared", and asks to be allowed to "fly" to reunite with her former lover.
At the close of voting, it had received 55 points, placing 8th in a field of 18.
It was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 1984 contest by Dollie de Luxe with "Lenge leve livet".
"L'amour ça fait chanter la vie" was performed tenth on the night.
Its name in the local language is "Sasvim sigurna".
The English version of the song is called "I'm Chasing Butterflies".
The song was performed twelfth on the night, following Belgium's Bob Benny with "September, gouden roos" and preceding Denmark's Dario Campeotto with "Angelique".
It was succeeded as Turkish representative at the 2002 contest by Buket Bengisu & Group Safir with "Leylaklar Soldu Kalbinde".
The song received 96 points, placing 6th in a field of 25.
"En gång i Stockholm" was performed 13th on the night, following Spain's José Guardiola with "Algo prodigioso" and preceding Belgium's Jacques Raymond with "Waarom?".
The song is a ballad, in which Sparboe compares life to being a marionette.
"Amen" was the Israeli entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1995, performed in Hebrew by Liora.
In a number of interviews and press conferences, Gerli was asked to comment on the matter.
At the close of voting, it had received 11 points, placing 20th in a field of 25.
The victory began ABBA's path to worldwide fame.
The country's best result is a second-place finish for Kristian Kostov and the song "Beautiful Mess" at the 2017 contest.
In the UK Singles Chart, it reached no.
Anneke Grönloh was the first artist in the ESC who was not born in Europe.
The song was performed fifteenth on the night.
The song was succeeded as Danish representative at the 2009 contest by Niels Brinck with "Believe Again".
Welter and Kontinent also recorded the song in English and French, as "So Free" and "Au vent des libertés" respectively.
On stage in Stockholm, Joy Fleming was backed by three British singers, Madeline Bell of Blue Mink and the duo Sue and Sunny.
For this reason, the song is sometimes humorously referred to as "Näst sist".
"Fiumi di parole" is a song by Italian duo Jalisse, made up of Alessandra Drusian and Fabio Ricci.
They were joined by three male backing singers in brightly coloured afro wigs.
A parody of this song was recorded by a satirical group entitled "Farlig Fredag".
In its second week, "O Julissi" topped the list.
The song is about freedom, brotherhood and hope.
The song was performed twelfth on the night.
The song was performed twelfth on the night, following Netherlands' Harmony with "'t Is OK" and preceding Germany's Ireen Sheer with "Feuer".
Composed by Philip Vella and with lyrics by Gerard James Borg, the song is a combination of dance music and opera.
was the Greek entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002, performed in English by Michalis Rakintzis.
The song was performed second on the night.
Lyrics were written by Britt Lindeborg, and the tune by Torgny Söderberg.
The song is a slow ballad sung from the perspective of a woman trapped in a loveless relationship.
At the close of voting, it had received 36 points, placing 14th in a field of 19.
At the close of voting, it had received 5 points, placing 22nd in a field of 24.
By contrast, her four backing singers were dressed entirely in black.
"Anytime You Need" was the Armenian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007, performed in English and Armenian by Hayko.
"It's My Life" is a song performed by Cezar.
The song was also at Svensktoppen, with a 1st place as best result there.
It was to be the group's only hit.
At the close of voting, it had received 71 points, placing 10th in the 22-strong field and just qualifying Macedonia for the final.
The song was pre-qualified for the final round where it scored 55 points in total, placing 16th.
The song is a ballad, with Winter telling his lover that he had previously lived in heaven before seeing her.
At the close of voting, it had received eight points, placed ninth in a field of 18 (the worst placing for the United Kingdom until 1978.
The song was composed by Darren Smith and Simon Fine for the competition to select the Irish submission for the Eurovision Song Contest 2008.
This song was chosen to represent Hungary at the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 in Belgrade, Serbia.
At the close of the voting had received 37 points, placing 12th in a field of 23.
He says that the golden rose they have seen blooming will serve as a reminder of their romance.
At the close of voting, it had received 97 points, placing 9th in a field of 25 and qualifying for the final.
An excerpt from the song is sung by the Norwegian characters in the movie prequel The Thing.
He was accompanied by a male guitarist, two female backing singers in grey dresses, and a woman entirely hidden by a black veil.
The song appeared as a "favourite" on the CD and DVD sets produced to commemorate the Congratulations special in late 2005.
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1990 Contest by Lonnie Devantier with "Hallo Hallo", with lyrics also by Keld Heick.
"Love City Groove" is a song by British rap group Love City Groove that represented the United Kingdom at the Eurovision Song Contest 1995.
At the close of voting, it had received 1 point, placing 16th in a field of 17.
and preceding Italy's Mia Martini with "Rapsodia".
The song placed 16th out of 19, and as a result it did not qualify for the final.
This is the single least auspicious debut in Contest history.
At the close of voting, it had received 22 points, placing 15th in a field of 20.
She explains that it is raining where she is, but "the weather must be good over there" where he is.
"Stemmen i mit liv" was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997, performed in Danish by Kølig Kaj.
The song begins quietly, with only Danijela's voice heard, but swells to a climax with backing vocals and light instrumentation.
Elpida returned to the Contest in 1986, then representing Cyprus with "Tora Zo".
The song was performed 25th on the night and received 16 points, placing 19th in a field of 25.
It was succeeded as Yugoslavian representative at the 1982 Contest by Aska with "Halo, Halo".
As Norway had finished the Eurovision Song Contest 2005 in the top ten, the song was pre-qualified for the final.
At the close of voting, it had received 157 points, placing first in a field of 20.
It was performed 14th, and finished 22nd with 31 points.
The song finished fifth in the pre-selections and "Satellit" was succeeded as Swedish representative at the 1980 Contest by Tomas Ledin with "Just nu!".
She sings that he has previously felt more positive about their relationship over the weekend, so she hopes that this will be the case again.
"Lilla stjärna" performed by Alice Babs was the Swedish entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1958 held in Hilversum, the Netherlands.
It won for the Netherlands in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2009, held in Kiev, Ukraine scoring 121 points.
The song is a ballad, with Dora telling her lover that she will return to him.
24 in the United Kingdom weekly pop charts.
San Basilio sings that "the party's over" and asks her former lover not to insist anymore; "What good is loving without love?
The song was performed 14th on the night, following Austria's Thomas Forstner with "Nur ein Lied" and preceding France's Nathalie Pâque with "J'ai volé la vie".
At the close of voting, it had received 37 points, placing 14th in a field of 23.
The song is a moderately up-tempo number, with Stokkan addressing the object of his desires.
"The Fire in Your Eyes" is a 2008 single by Boaz Mauda.
While the band performed in front of artificial cactus plants, there was in fact very little overt humour in the performance.
By the close of voting, it had received 128 points, placing it first in a field of 18.
Summer earned a total of 32 hit singles on the U.S.
"J'ai déjà vu ça dans tes yeux" was included on Manson's third studio album Fly to New York City.
From left to right, these singers were Pedro Calvinho, Cristina Águas, Ana Bola, and Peter Petersen.
"Hano" was the Bosnian and Herzegovinian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2001, performed in Bosnian and English by Nino Pršeš.
He received three points in total - one from the Netherlands and two from the United Kingdom.
They were of the opinion that the line “Und schon öffnen sich Tasche und Herz und dann kaufst du ´n Ring und ´n Nerz“ is antiquated.
"Gori vatra" was the Yugoslavian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1973, performed in Serbo-Croatian by Zdravko Čolić.
It was succeeded as French representative at the 1999 Contest by Nayah with "Je veux donner ma voix".
At the close of voting, it had received 11 points, placing 6th in a field of 17.
"Czarna dziewczyna" was the Polish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005, performed in Polish and Russian by Ivan & Delfin.
"Libera" was succeeded as Italian representative at the 1978 Contest by Ricchi e Poveri with "Questo amore".
Thus, the song was succeeded as Greek representative at the 1985 Contest by Takis Biniaris with "Miazoume".
At the close of voting, it had received 5 points, placing it 8th in a field of 13.
"Valoa ikkunassa" was the debut Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest, performed in Finnish by Laila Kinnunen at the 1961 Contest.
The song is a ballad, in which Barbarossa apologises to the recipient of a letter he is writing for using this method of communication.
At the close of voting, it had received 82 points, placing 8th in a field of 25.
At the close of voting, it had received the dreaded nul points, placing 13th in a field of 16.
At the close of voting, it had received 5 points, placing it 13th in a field of 16.
In the final, it was performed 24th.
It was succeeded as German representative at the 1977 Contest by Silver Convention with "Telegram".
Thus it was performed sixth on the night, following Norway's Christine Guldbrandsen with "Alvedansen" and preceding Malta's Fabrizio Faniello with "I Do".
The song is a ballad which compares life to a merry-go-round.
The song is an ode to a fictional woman.
"Kan", was the Israeli entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1991, performed in Hebrew by Duo Datz.
"Mr Nobody" was the Slovene entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 2006, sung by Anžej Dežan in English.
Russia participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Copenhagen, Denmark.
"Vjerujem u ljubav" was the Croatian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007, performed in Croatian and English by Dragonfly featuring Dado Topić.
The song was performed ninth on the night, following Belgium's Jacques Zegers with "Avanti la vie" and preceding Denmark's Hot Eyes with "Det' lige det".
Thus, the song was succeeded as Italian representative at the 2011 Contest by Raphael Gualazzi with "Madness of love".
"Day After Day" incorporates elements of opera singing combined with Azeri folk genre of mugham.
Chez nous was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1966, performed in French by Dominique Walter.
He begs his lover not to leave him, but ultimately appears resigned to his fate.
At the close of voting, it had received 64 points, placing 9th in a field of 19 - Portugal's best result since 1972.
At the close of the voting it had received 118 points, placing 5th.
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1985 contest by Hot Eyes again, this time with "Sku' du spørg' fra no'en?
The song was performed eighth on the night.
At the close of voting, it had received 5 points, placing 17th in a field of 18.
The song was released as a single from her third album Lovers.
Afterwards, the Jordanian news media refused to acknowledge that Israel had won and announced that the winner was Belgium.
"Keine Mauern mehr" was the Austrian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990, performed in German by Simone.
"What's Another Year" was Johnny Logan's first Eurovision Song Contest winner, achieving success in the 1980 edition of the Contest.
"Todo esto es la música" was the Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, performed in Spanish by Serafín Zubiri.
and preceding France's Roger Bens with "Femme dans ses rêves aussi".
He expresses these feelings through a series of largely unconnected descriptions of what he is doing while "my thoughts spiral".
The song was performed first on the night of the contest, preceding the United Kingdom's Gina G with "Ooh Aah... Just a Little Bit".
The song was performed fourth on the night, following Belgium's Philippe Lafontaine with "Macédomienne" and preceding Netherlands's Maywood with "Ik wil alles met je delen".
At the close of the voting they received 72 points, placing 8th in a field of 24.
The song was performed eighteenth on the night, following Greece's Yiannis Dimitras with "Fegari Kalokerino" and preceding Switzerland's Peter, Sue & Marc with "Io senza te".
In the German preselection of 2000, Corinna May ended second with "I Believe in God", which was also written by Ralph Siegel and Bernd Meinunger.
The band consisted of Mari-Leen Kaselaan, Janika Vilipo, Rebecca Kontus, Laura Põldvere and Daana Ots.
The song was performed eighth on the night.
This version was recorded in Norwegian and English, it was a huge hit in Norway and was also issued in many other countries.
"Il faut du temps"") was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002, performed in French by Sandrine François.
At the close of voting, it had received 26 points, placing 15th in a field of 22.
At the close of voting, it had received 33 points, placing 13th in a field of 24.
At the close of voting, it had received 15 points, placing 3rd in a field of 11.
A number of Icelandic people are also named, such as Gunnar Thoroddsen and Einar Benediktsson - even strongman contest winner Jón Páll Sigmarsson.
The song is a ballad, with Eskens singing about the feelings brought on by reading old love letters and seeing photographs from an old relationship.
The song was performed fifteenth on the night, following Norway's Just 4 Fun with "Mrs. Thompson" and preceding Finland's Kaija Kärkinen with "Hullu yö".
They explain their difficulties by saying that it is difficult enough to be honest in general life, let alone when "making a pass".
Près de ma rivière was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1964, performed in French by Robert Cogoi.
At the close of voting, it had received 4 points, placing 23rd in a field of 25.
It is an up-tempo number, with the singer asking a potential lover about his star sign - specifically, whether it is Aquarius like her own.
In any event, her confidence that he would come, paid off.
Informal Title – any additional names by which the work is known, when applicable
On 6 April 1974 the song was the winning entry for Sweden in the 1974 Eurovision Song Contest.
"Sense tu" was Andorra's entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006.
On 11 June 2015 it was confirmed that they would use internal selection.
She describes herself as "a real boy, the one who bewitches you".
At the close of voting, it had received 177 points, placing 2nd in a field of 23.
At the close of voting, it had received 71 points, placing 6th in a field of 18.
Eventually, Fernando's lover leaves him for Filippo.
The song was performed second on the night, following Portugal's Manuela Bravo with "Sobe, sobe, balão sobe" and preceding Denmark's Tommy Seebach with "Disco Tango".
Melsen was the first native Luxembourgian to represent the Grand Duchy since Camillo Felgen in the 1960 and 1962 Contests.
The song was performed eleventh on the night.
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1981 Contest by Riki Sorsa with "Reggae OK".
Busulis described "Probka" as "a song about a traffic jam in all senses and meanings.
Despite the low ranking at Eurovision, the song became a huge hit in Yugoslavia, and the copyright was sold to Italy, Greece and the Benelux countries.
The song was performed twentieth on the night, following Germany's Michelle with "Wer Liebe lebt" and preceding Malta's Fabrizio Faniello with "Another Summer Night".
At the close of voting, it had received 82 points, placing 10th in a field of 18.
He goes on to tell her about how he felt the first time he saw her and how much he wants to prove his love.
was the Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996, performed in Spanish by Antonio Carbonell.
"Fernando en Filippo" was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1966, performed in Dutch by Milly Scott.
The song was performed tenth on the night.
At the close of voting, it had received 98 points, placing 4th in a field of 24.
At the close of voting, it had received 37 points, placing 3rd in a field of 16.
At the close of voting, it had received 84 points, placing 6th in a field of 20.
Here, it received 169 points to place 4th in a field of 25 and qualify for the final.
At the close of voting, it had received 56 points, placing 8th in a field of 20.
The song is in the ska punk genre.
The song remains the last Luxembourgish representative at the Eurovision Song Contest, as after the 1993 Contest Luxembourg opted to stop competing.
It was succeeded as Swiss representative by DJ BoBo with "Vampires Are Alive".
"Dan najlepših sanj" was the Slovene entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996, sung by Regina in Slovenian.
On the night of the contest, the song was performed 18th and last in the running order, following Yugoslavia's Vice Vukov with "Čežnja".
This song was the second Czech entry for Eurovision, and Tereza Kerndlová performed the song in the second semi-final, on 22 May 2008.
The song was criticised after the Contest for being somewhat musically confusing, as it featured a number of tempo and key changes in unusual places.
At the age of 11, Pâque was the youngest performer France ever sent to Eurovision.
It was succeeded as French representative at the 1990 Contest by Joëlle Ursull with "White and Black Blues".
Saint-Pierre recorded her entry in four languages; Dutch, French, English and German, all with the same title, "Soldiers of Love".
and preceding Denmark's Olsen Brothers with "Fly on the Wings of Love".
Unfortunately, the country ended 17th with 26 points.
The song is also memorable for the frequent repetition of the title, with the word being sung 37 times.
At the close of voting, it had received 13 points, placing 8th in a field of 16.
The song was performed third on the night.
It was succeeded as French representative at the 1960 Contest by Jacqueline Boyer with "Tom Pillibi".
On 20 January 2008, Swedish tabloid Aftonbladet reported that the song had been accused of being plagiarised from Amy Diamond's "It Can Only Get Better".
Brinck, representing Denmark, placed 13th in the finals of the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow, Russia on 16 May 2009.
French recording artist Dalida recorded a French version.
Al Bano and Romina Power returned to the Contest in 1985 with "Magic Oh Magic".
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 2000 Contest by the Olsen Brothers with "Fly on the Wings of Love".
Thus, it was performed eighth on the night, following Malta's Fabrizio Faniello with "I Do" and preceding Denmark's Sidsel Ben Semmane with "Twist of Love".
He is best known for the role of himself in Yakety Yak, Take it Back, and Trash Talk.
The song is a straightforward love ballad, with Barbara singing that she has never loved anyone like this before.
As the Netherlands had not finished the 2005 Contest in the top 10, the song was performed in the semi-final.
It wasn't qualified for the final by only one point.
"Io senza te" is a song by Peter, Sue and Marc, performed in Italian, that represented Switzerland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1981.
Lee Scott covered this song in the Afrikaans language, under the title "Vandag".
The song is a ballad, with the duo taking the roles of lovers ending a relationship.
She sings that, "In a woman's heart, a dream is for life any day", explaining that she believed his promises.
At the close of voting, it had received one point, placing it 15th in a field of 16.
"If We All Give A Little" was the Swiss entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 2006, sung by Six4one.
Turkish television did air the grand final, but the Greek entry was censored, and Turkish TV aired a nationalist song in its place.
It became the first Finnish entry to be awarded with a maximum score since the start of the 12 point tradition in 1975.
It was succeeded as Yugoslavia representative at the 1974 contest by Korni Grupa with "Moja generacija".
The song is a ballad, with Friel singing about the dream he is having and how free he feels in it before he awakes.
"I giorni dell'arcobaleno" is a song by Italian singer Nicola di Bari.
The band explains that "everything has a rhythm", people included, and that to try to work against this rhythm would be foolish.
At the close of voting, it had received 114 points, placing 2nd in a field of 23.
The song was succeeded as Albanian representative in 2005 by "Tomorrow I Go", performed by Ledina Çelo.
It was succeeded as Turkish representative at the 1998 contest with Tüzmen and "Unutamazsın".
Four teenage male backup singers provided accompaniment.
The song was performed sixth on the night, following Finland's Katri Helena with "Katson sineen taivaan" and preceding Greece's Elpida with "Sokrati".
The song was performed twelfth on the night.
It was performed in German by Lys Assia.
The song qualified for the Grand Final, where it was the third song performed and ended in 11th place out of 26 songs, receiving 71 points.
It was played when Georgia were in the 2011 Rugby World Cup.
Time is a song by Israeli band Izabo.
It was succeeded as German representative at the 1960 Contest by Wyn Hoop with "Bonne nuit ma chérie".
The song was performed twelfth on the night, following Israel's Ilanit with "Ahava Hi Shir Lishnayim" and preceding Sweden's Forbes with "Beatles".
"Ding-a-dong" was the title of the winning song in the Eurovision Song Contest 1975.
The song is a dramatic ballad, with Joling describing his search for a Shangri-La of his own in life.
Neefs also recorded the song in French, English, German, Spanish and Italian language versions, all with the original title; "Jennifer Jennings".
"L'amour s'en va" was the Monegasque entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1963, composed and performed in French by French singer and actress Françoise Hardy.
The song was performed 13th on the night.
The single peaked at number five in the Swedish singles chart and remained in Svensktoppen for 17 weeks, where it was placed first for six weeks.
The music composition was written by Tadej Hrušovar, lyrics were written by Dušan Velkaverh and arranged by Dečo Žgur.
"Bonne nuit ma chérie" was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1960, performed in German by Wyn Hoop.
The song was performed seventh on the night.
The song was succeeded as Austrian representative at the 1978 Contest by Springtime, performing "Mrs. Caroline Robinson".
"Das alte Karussell" was the first Swiss entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1956.
"Printemps, avril carillonne" was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1961, performed in French by Jean-Paul Mauric.
The lyrics were derided prior to the Contest due to their heavy reliance on rhyming "Lorraine" with "pain", "rain" and "again".
It has been covered by Os Pontos Negros in the 2009 compilation 3 Pistas - Vol.2 released by the Portuguese radio station Antena3.
At the close of voting, it had received 41 points, placing 11th in a field of 20.
It's beginning to look like love, damn it.
One set of lyrics published online featured the line "they say I win", prior to the formal objection being lodged.
The song was succeeded as contest winner in 1972 by Vicky Leandros singing "Après toi" for Luxembourg.
"Panagia Mou, Panagia Mou" was the Greek entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1976, performed in Greek by Mariza Koch.
Eduardo Nacimento released an English version of this song entitled "Listening".
At the close of voting, it had received 38 points, placing 12th in a field of 23.
At the close of voting, it had received 3 points, placing 12th in a field of 17.
At the close of voting, it had received 2 points, placing 24th out of 25, leaving only Lithuania's representative behind.
At the close of voting, it had received 12 points, placing 18th in a field of 20.
At the close of voting, it had received 38 points, placing 21st in a field of 28 and thus failing to qualify for the final.
It was succeeded as Greek representative at the 1993 Contest by Katy Garbi with "Ellada, Hora Tou Fotos".
At the close of the voting it had received 100 points and placed 3rd of the 23 entries.
"Hurricane" was the Austrian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1983, performed in German by Westend.
The song is in the chanson style popular in the early years of the Contest.
The song was performed eleventh on the night.
It received 60 points, placing 10th in a field of 19.
"Stay Forever" was the Slovene entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 2004, sung by the duo Platin and performed in English.
At the close of voting, it had received 27 points, placing 17th in a field of 24.
While her fortunes on the Hot 100 waned through those decades, Summer remained a force on the U.S. Dance/Club Play Songs chart over her entire career.
In 1970 the Maessen sisters had represented their native Netherlands with "Waterman", then under the group moniker Hearts of Soul.
Keuc has said that she decided to sing in English because it is more fluid than her native Slovenian.
The song was written by Peter Reber and Nella Martinetti.
The song was performed sixth on the night.
The song was performed second on the night, following Spain's Conchita Bautista with "Estando contigo" and preceding Austria's Jimmy Makulis with "Sehnsucht".
She received 3 points, placing 19th in a field of 19.
was the Hungarian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005, performed in Hungarian by NOX.
The entry had a high pedigree, being penned by three authors/composers who had all written/composed previous Eurovision winners.
"Rock Bottom" was the British entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1977, performed in English by Lynsey de Paul and Mike Moran.
The song was composed by Giovanni Pelli and written by Sanzio Chiesa.
It was succeeded as Icelandic representative at the 1991 Contest by Stefán & Eyfi with Draumur um Nínu.
"Papa Pingouin" was the Luxembourgish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980, performed in French by the French twin sisters Sophie & Magaly.
It was succeeded as Cypriot representative at the 1997 Contest by Hara & Andreas Konstantinou with "Mana Mou".
The other version is entirely in English.
Atlantis 2000 also recorded an English version of the song, entitled "Never Ending Dream".
It was succeeded as Yugoslav representative at the 1968 contest by Luči Kapurso & Hamo Hajdarhodžić with "Jedan dan".
At the close of voting, it had received 70 points, placing 9th in a field of 25.
This rule was rescinded for the 1997 Contest, hence the song was succeeded as Hungarian representative at that Contest by V.I.P.
At the end of judging that evening, the song ranked 14th out of 19 entries with 36 points.
The song is an up-tempo number inspired by Portuguese folk music, describing the beginning of a relationship from the perspective of a woman.
It was sung by the Peruvian singer Betty Missiego, who was chosen by the Spanish broadcaster, Televisión Española, as their representative in the Contest that year.
As Peters sings, "We are only guests for a little time" on the planet.
The performance involved both Paul and his female dancers performing kinky gestures and adopting sexually suggestive poses.
"Long Live Love" was succeeded as British representative at the 1975 contest by The Shadows "Let Me Be the One".
Di Capri opens the song by explaining that "Only the one who never falls in love/Doesn't have a heart to sing".
As Spain had placed in the top ten, this was enough to qualify Ireland for the final at the next Contest.
Thus, he wishes for everyone to have a pair.
It was succeeded as Greek representative at the 1988 Contest by Afroditi Frida with "Clown".
At the close of voting, it had received 25 points, placing 16th in a field of 25.
The song is sung from the perspective of a young woman experiencing love and generally finding the world to be a lovely place.
As the Netherlands had not qualified for the final at the previous Contest, the song was performed in the semi-final.
At the close of voting, it had received 52 points, placing 18th in a field of 18.
Kathy Kirby also recorded a version of the song in Italian.
The song was an outcry against the Turkish foreign policy.
In the song a comparison is made between a lover and the summer.
At the end of voting it had scored 106 points, finishing 11th in a field of 24.
The song is a piano ballad, with Toome singing about going on a sea voyage with his lover.
The song is an up-tempo number, with Skorgan describing her husband, who is absent at the time.
The song was performed third on the night.
"Keep Me In Mind" was the Maltese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1995, performed in English by Mike Spiteri.
"Un premier amour" was the winning song of the Eurovision Song Contest 1962, sung in French by Isabelle Aubret representing France.
The first Slovak entry, it was sung by rock band Tublatanka in the Slovak language.
At the close of the voting it had received 121 points, placing third in a field of 25.
"Pas pour moi" was the Swiss entrant to the Eurovision Song Contest 1986 in Bergen, Norway.
At the close of voting, it had received 53 points, placing 10th in a field of 19.
"Visjoner" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, performed in Norwegian by Merethe Trøan.
The song was performed 21st in the semi-final, following Croatia's "Vukovi umiru sami" by Boris Novković and preceding Ireland's "Love?"
Following the Contest, it was rewritten in English by Mike Sammes and Bill Owen for Cliff Richard to perform.
"Fairytale" is a song performed by Albanian singer Eneda Tarifa.
It was succeeded as Estonian representative at the 1998 Contest by Koit Toome with "Mere lapsed".
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1965 Contest by Viktor Klimenko with "Aurinko laskee länteen".
The song is sung from the perspective of a woman pleading with a man to give up his previous relationship and love her instead.
At the close of voting, it had received 23 points, placing 18th in a field of 23.
The song was composed by Dutch singer-songwriter Stef Bos.
Jean Vallée returned to the Contest in 1978, then with "L'amour ça fait chanter la vie", finishing as the runner-up behind Israel's "A-Ba-Ni-Bi".
The song is an up-tempo love song, with Rung singing about the music brought to her by her lover.
It represented Slovenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 but missed out on the final.
"Geef het op" was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1991, performed in Dutch by the band Clouseau.
At the Eurovision Song Contest 1963 itself, a bilingual version was performed that featured a hybrid of the lyrics of the two different bilingual recordings.
It was succeeded as Turkish representative at the 1991 Contest by İzel Çeliköz, Reyhan Karaca & Can Uğurluer performing "İki Dakika".
The song is a dramatic ballad, with Ruggeri asking the sun to bathe Europe in light in order that it might forget its troubles.
It was chosen to represent Ukraine at the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Denmark.
Butler sings about the need to unite and overcome differences in order to progress as the human race.
The song was co-written by French singer Patrick Bruel.
Moniz herself would go on to a career as an actress after a successful musical career in her home country.
Ludwig's response, in which he describes her as "everything and nothing in one" is delivered in an operatic tenor style.
The song was performed seventeenth on the night, following Portugal's Duarte Mendes with "Madrugada" and preceding Sweden's Lasse Berghagen with "Jennie, Jennie".
Junior Eurovision Éire was won by Aimee Banks, who sang "Réalta na mara" for Ireland at the contest.
Fitzgerald won the right to perform at Dublin by winning the UK national final, A Song for Europe, where he was the eighth singer to perform.
Despite France's poor result in the 2005 Contest, their status as one of the "Big Four" guaranteed the song a final berth.
The song was also chosen as the Italian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1960, where it was performed in Italian by Renato Rascel.
The song is a ballad, with the duo singing about the power of music to help people reach their dreams.
The setting then shifts to "the day after marriage", when the newly married couple are walking through town and opt to have a drink.
It appears from the lyrics that this has been a common situation in their relationship.
"Boom Bang-a-Bang" was the United Kingdom entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1969.
He adds, however, that summer will always return, a thought which seems to cheer him.
The song was performed fifth on the night, following Denmark's Katy Bødtger with "Det var en yndig tid" and preceding Norway's Nora Brockstedt with "Voi Voi".
The song is a love duet, with the pair promising to "live by love" instead of letting the problems of the world get to them.
The song is a ballad in which Morey sings to his former lover.
"Goodbye" was the Bosnian and Herzegovinian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997, performed in Bosnian by Alma Čardžić.
On 1 July 2015 it was confirmed that the internally selected 15-year-old Jana Mirković was chosen.
It was succeeded as Italian representative at the 1974 Contest by Gigliola Cinquetti with "Sì".
The song features Morato singing that she does not wish to return to her lover, although she knows that he has feelings for her.
"Kad zaspu anđeli", also known as "Ostani", was the Croatian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2000, performed in Croatian by Goran Karan.
"Vuelve conmigo" was the Spanish entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1995, composed by José María Purón and sung by Anabel Conde in Spanish.
The song was written by George De Angelis, Mark Dean and sung by Frances Ruffelle in English.
The song deals with the singer's desire to keep exploring and pushing limits - refusing to say that an end has been reached.
It was originally intended for Yvonne Elliman, but she later recorded "If I Can't Have You" instead.
The song was performed second on the night, following France's Guy Bonnet with "Vivre" and preceding the United Kingdom's Sweet Dreams with "I'm Never Giving Up".
Anna Trincher and her song "Pochny z sebe" were later declared the winners and represented Ukraine.
It's a love song written in a pop-rock style.
As Israel had finished the 2005 Contest in fourth place, the song was pre-qualified for the final.
The fact that most of the song was sung in English caused some criticism, and has even been brought up in the French parliament.
The song was performed 17th on the night, following Italy's Claudio Villa with "Non andare più lontano".
It had performed 7th on the night, following Finland's Kojo singing "Nuku pommiin" and preceding Cyprus's Anna Vissi with "Mono I Agapi".
She paints a picture of domestic bliss, however she also suggests that he will "become my henpecked husband".
It can be argued that the song describes the balance and close relationship between good and bad in the world.
Fellow Eurovision 2008 singer Boaz Mauda covered the song in Hebrew, titled שער ליבך, on his eponymous debut album.
The song became part of a controversy after it was claimed that the 2001 Swedish Eurovision entry "Listen To Your Heartbeat" was plagiarised from it.
At the close of voting, it had received 98 points, placing 4th in a field of 23.
At the close of voting, it had received nul points, placing 13th in a field of 16.
At the close of voting, it had received 15 points, placing 17th in a field of 19.
Wind also recorded the song in English with that title; "Let the Sunshine in Your Heart".
"À chacun sa chanson" was the Monegasque entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1968, performed in French by the duo Line & Willy.
Despite its moderate placing at the Eurovision final, "Lapponia" was given release in twenty European countries and also in Australia, Brazil, Israel and Turkey.
and preceding Norway's Karoline Krüger with "For vår jord".
In the final, it was performed thirteenth (following Serbia and Montenegro's No Name with "Zauvijek moja" and preceding Sweden's Martin Stenmarck with "Las Vegas".
At the Contest, it was performed fifth on the night, following Spain's Jaime Morey with "Amanece" and preceding Norway's Grethe Kausland and Benny Borg with "Småting".
It was succeeded as German representative at the 1993 contest by Münchener Freiheit with "Viel zu weit".
The song is in the chanson style popular in the early years of the Contest.
The song was performed first on the night, preceding Italy's Matia Bazar with "Raggio di luna".
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1995 contest by Tó Cruz with "Baunilha e chocolate".
For a dramatic appearance, she appeared dressed in a white gown and cloak.
The song was composed by noted French jazz guitarist and singer Henri Salvador.
The song failed to qualify for the final.
The song was performed tenth on the night, following France's Jean Gabilou with "Humanahum" and preceding the Netherlands' Linda Williams with "Het is een wonder").
The song was written by Peter Reber of Peter, Sue and Marc in the German language.
Her backing singers wore the same style of trousers, only coloured gold.
The song was performed fifth on the night, following Norway's Secret Garden with "Nocturne" and preceding Iceland's Bo Halldórsson with "Núna".
The song was succeeded as contest winner in 1964 by Gigliola Cinquetti performing "Non ho l'età" for Italy.
It was succeeded as French representative at the 1959 contest by Jean Philippe with "Oui, oui, oui, oui".
The group also recorded an English-language version of the song, with a minimal change to its original Dutch title; "It's OK".
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 2002 Contest by Malene with "Tell Me Who You Are".
192 is the second studio album by Macedonian pop musician, Elena Risteska.
Unfortunately, however, it appears from the lyrics that the opportunity for a relationship has already passed.
The song was performed eighth on the night, following Switzerland's Barbara Berta with "Dentro di me" and preceding Italy's Jalisse with "Fiumi di parole".
It was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 1967 contest by Kirsti Sparboe with "Dukkemann".
She sings that her lover gradually moved away from her and returned things which they had held dear.
Brian Blackburn later wrote English-language lyrics for it.
Jacobsen sings about her feelings regarding her lover, telling him that "come sun, come rain" she will always have happiness by being with him.
Johnny Blue was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1981, performed in German by Lena Valaitis.
It was succeeded as German representative at the 1962 Contest by Conny Froboess with "Zwei Kleine Italiener".
It was sung by Canadian singer Annie Cotton and was performed in French.
It was sung by Stevan Faddy and selected by televoting in the Montenegrin national final MontenegroSong 2007, where it received 4,749 votes.
At the close of voting, it had received 13 points, placing 17th in a field of 20.
The successive Finnish representative at the 1974 Contest by Carita with "Keep Me Warm".
At the close of voting, it had received 36 points, placing 12th in a field of 25.
Lou and her five backing singers appeared in a colourful assortment of clothing.
The song deals with the need to "cross the bridge"; to build a link between oneself and others.
"Blue and Red" is a song performed by Slovenian singer ManuElla.
Indeed, he remarks that "Susanne" has left him because all that TV has made her "raving mad" and that he is "not all normal".
The song is inspired by island music - particularly that of the South Pacific.
In 2009 it was announced that the song would be used as the title for the Danish musical "Vi maler byen rød: The Musical".
It was succeeded as Russian representative by Prime Minister with "Northern Girl".
At the close of voting, it had received 9 points, placing 7th in a field of 16.
"Det' lige det" was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1984, performed in Danish by Hot Eyes.
After several script rewrites and changes, including a title change to Six of One and Friends Like Us, the series was finally named Friends.
The band released three English language albums, Romancing in the Dark, Fantasy and Love is No Science - then under the group moniker Freiheit.
The song is a ballad, with Paulo de Carvalho taking the role of a man who is faced with the end of a relationship.
At the close of voting, it had received 20 points, placing 17th in a field of 25.
"O vento mudou" was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1967, performed in Portuguese by Eduardo Nascimento.
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1996 contest by Lúcia Moniz with "O meu coração não tem cor".
"Unsubstantial Blues" is a song written and performed by Magdi Rúzsa.
She compares her situation to that of the winter sun, singing that she has "no warmth".
She was previously a judge in the 2012 edition of the national final.
The melody line is provided by a violin, which Barbu herself plays in the video, as well as playing in the live performances.
"Zauvijek volim te" is a song performed by Stefan Filipović, and was the Montenegrin entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2008.
The song was written by Stefan Örn, Alessandra Günthardt and Johan Kronlund.
Composed by Koch herself with lyrics by Michael Fotiades, Michalis Rozakis conducted the orchestra.
The lyrics are from the perspective of a man who is counselling a woman to forget her past lover because he hurt her.
As a "passive participant", however, Poland was re-admitted the following year.
Chips finished eighth in the Eurovision Song Contest 1982 with the song.
"Probka" is a song by Latvian singer Intars Busulis, and was the Latvian entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow, Russia.
At the close of voting, it had received 44 points, placing 14th in a field of 25.
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1984 Contest by Hot Eyes with "Det' lige det".
"High" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004, performed in English by Knut Anders Sørum.
It was succeeded as Israeli representative at the 2006 Contest by Eddie Butler with "Together We Are One".
"Uno per tutte" is a song written by Tony Renis, Mogol and Alberto Testa.
At the close of voting, it had received 94 points, placing 5th in a field of 17.
The duo went on to release seven albums between the years 1972 and 1979, including a series of Top 10 hits.
It was the first song from the country to make it to the finals.
The song was written by Amsterdam lyricist and composer Pieter Goemans.
The song was performed fourteenth on the night, following Denmark's Kirsten & Søren with "Ka' du se hva' jeg sa'?"
It was succeeded as Dutch representative at the Eurovision Song Contest 1973 by Ben Cramer with "De oude muzikant".
The song peaked at #7 in the Portuguese singles chart.
It was succeeded as French representative at the 1980 Contest by Profil with "Hé, hé M'sieurs dames".
Why put more wood on a fire that's already burnt out...?"
She then recorded her parts whilst Evelin Samuel got her tour cancelled shortly after the replacement.
The performances were also notable for the high-energy percussion performances of both musicians.
Modern Romania was formed in 1859 through a personal union of the Danubian Principalities of Moldavia and Wallachia.
As a result, they sing, they will be "happy until the last day".
It was succeeded as Irish representative at the 1979 Contest by Cathal Dunne with "Happy Man".
While singing Anastazio had also worked out the choreography for the above-mentioned shows.
The song is an up-tempo pop song, with the singer calling on the object of his affections to come to him and "fly me away".
It was succeeded as German representative at the 1985 contest by Wind with the song "Für alle".
The song was also at Svensktoppen for seven weeks during the period 22 April-27 May 1990, with 1st place as best result there.
"Vrede" was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993, cowritten by Eric van Tijn, Jochem Fluitsma and performed in Dutch by Ruth Jacott.
It was succeeded as Italian representative at the 1979 Contest by Matia Bazar with "Raggio di luna".
The song received 34 points, placing 13th in a field of 19.
"Aldri i livet" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1981, performed in Norwegian by Finn Kalvik.
The gentle ballad did not involve any dancing.
"Teriazoume" was the Cypriot entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, performed in Greek by Evridiki.
There were two verses in Hebrew, and the Chorus featured "I love you" said in six different languages, including English, French, Italian, Greek and Hebrew.
"Questo Amore" is a song in praise of the love the singers have for each other.
At the close of voting, it had received 4 points, placing 20th in a field of 20.
The song was performed thirteenth on the night, following Sweden's Family Four with "Vita vidder" and preceding the Netherlands' Saskia & Serge with "Tijd".
Hungary was the eighth country to perform in the final, held on 12 May 2007, performing between Slovenia and Lithuania.
In other words, life is what we make of it, and not what a horoscope tells us.
The song reached number 13 on the chart in Norway.
Instead, he called out "I love you Ireland", a phrase he would repeat seven years later.
It was succeeded as Polish representative at the 1996 contest by Kasia Kowalska with "Chcę znać swój grzech...".
By the close of voting, it had received 13 points, placing it in 5th place in a field of 16.
Greece picked a song for the 1986 Contest, which was "Wagon-lit" by Polina, but they did not perform.
At the close of voting, the song had received 16 points, placing it fourth in a field of 18 songs.
It won for Croatia in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2003, held in Copenhagen, Denmark scoring 134 points.
The song was succeeded as Yugoslav representatvia at the 1975 contest by Pepel in Kri with "Dan ljubezni".
Spain participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Whelan later composed Riverdance for the interval entertainment slot at the 1994 Eurovision Song Contest in Dublin.
"Venners nærhet" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1989, performed in Norwegian by Britt Synnøve Johansen.
Airto Moreira plays all percussion on "Traces", "Cielo e Terra", "When You're Gone" and "Solace".
He remarks that he knows it will be lonely there, but that he feels that he will be happier regardless.
"Stand By" is a song by Italian singer Senit.
Perhaps unsurprisingly, the potion does its job.
She ended 3rd with 112 points, marking Slovenia's best result in any Eurovision event.
The song is a love ballad, with the singer pleading "give me strength, holy love".
As Monaco had not qualified from the semi-final at the 2004 Contest, the song was performed in the semi-final.
The song was performed fourth on the night.
The song was written by Alejandro Abad who had represented Spain at the 1994 Contest with "Ella no es ella".
At the close of voting, it had received 136 points, placing 2nd in a field of 20.
"Under stjernerne på himlen" was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993, performed in Danish by the Tommy Seebach Band.
At the close of voting, it had received 77 points, placing 13th in a field of 28 and thus missing out on qualification for the final.
The song is a love duet, with the singers parting before one of them takes a sea voyage on the ship of the title.
The English lyrics focus on colours only, using them to describe components of lost love.
It was succeeded as Turkish representative at the 1988 Contest by MFÖ with "Sufi".
It is sung in the Bosnian language.
The English version of the song is called "I Can't be Your Lover".
At the close of voting, it had received 114 points, placing 4th in a field of 25.
It was succeeded as German representative at the 1972 Contest by Mary Roos with "Nur die Liebe läßt uns leben".
It was succeeded as British representative at the 1965 Contest by Kathy Kirby with "I Belong".
"Tout de moi" was the Monegasque entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005, performed in French by French singer Lise Darly.
Lyrically, the song is elliptical in meaning.
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1977 Contest by Monica Aspelund with "Lapponia".
The song received 15 points, placing 22nd in a field of 24.
Thus, it was succeeded as Swedish representative at the 1965 contest by Ingvar Wixell with "Absent Friend".
was the Swedish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980, performed in Swedish by Tomas Ledin.
It was succeeded as Belgian representative at the 2000 Contest by Nathalie Sorce with "Envie de vivre".
"Hullu yö" was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1991, performed in Finnish by Kaija.
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1983 Contest by Armando Gama with "Esta balada que te dou".
21 on TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time and no.
"Krasi, thalassa ke t' agori mou" was the Greek entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1974, performed in Greek by Marinella.
"Je suis un vrai garçon" was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1994, performed in French by Nina Morato.
It was succeeded as Israeli representative at the 2002 Contest by Sarit Hadad with "Nadlik Beyakhad Ner".
At the close of voting, it had received 128 points, placing 2nd in a field of 19.
At the close of voting, it had received 8 points, placing 4th in a field of 12.
The song, however, was a commercial failure both in Latvia and Europe.
Throughout most of the song, Simmons plays the underlying melody herself on the piano.
The song became the last entry entirely in a language other than English to win the Contest until 2007.
The Eurovision Song Contest 1980 took place in The Hague, Netherlands on April 19, 1980.
She is best known in Europe as the winner of the Eurovision Song Contest in 1992 with the song "Why Me?
As a result of the differences between public and jury opinion, partial televoting was introduced for the following year's contest.
At the close of voting, it had received 77 points, placing 6th in a field of 19.
It was succeeded as Turkish representative in the 1985 Contest by MFÖ singing "Aşık oldum".
For her Eurovision appearance, Vanessa wore a red dress which left her shoulders bare, whilst her female backing singers appeared in black.
1956 was the only year the Contest allowed two entries per country.
The selection of "Hope Never Dies" as the entrant for the Czech Republic at Eurovision 2015 was announced on 31 January 2015.
His backing performers, which included two girls in sleeveless, white, floor-length gowns, were also dressed in white.
It became very successful with 30 episodes on TV and two tours and also CD rekleases of music from the period 1955 to 1965.
The song was performed 18th on the night, following the Macedonia's Martin Vučić with "Make My Day" and preceding Switzerland's Vanilla Ninja with "Cool Vibes".
At the close of voting, it had received 11 points, placing 18th in a field of 19.
At the close of voting, it had received 103 points, placing 3rd in a field of 22.
Susan Seaforth Hayes is the only cast member to appear on Days of Our Lives in all five decades it has been on air.
"Kun kello käy" was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1968, performed in Finnish by Kristina Hautala.
An English version was written by Anastasiou with the title "Tonight Will Last Forever" was also recorded.
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1984 Contest by Maria Guinot with "Silêncio e tanta gente".
It was succeeded as Turkish representative at the 1989 Contest by Pan singing "Bana Bana".
Although not German speakers, the trio nevertheless sang the backing which included the last chorus performed in English.
Hence, the song was succeeded as Israeli representative at the 1998 Contest by Dana International with "Diva".
The song was performed 14th on the night.
It was chosen to represent Malta at the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Denmark.
At the close of voting, it had received 9 points, placing 20th in a field of 22.
She asks him whether she is dreaming when she thinks of the wonderful future they will have together.
The song is something of a lullaby by the singer to his lover.
Rumor has it that the music was originally composed by Chris Spheeris as an instrumental and that the lyrics were later added by Manolis Manouselis.
It was succeeded as Cypriot representative at the 1992 Contest by Evridiki with "Teriazume".
For her Eurovision appearance, Garlick wore a dark red gown which was shredded from the waist down.
"Tora Zo" was the Cypriot entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986, performed in Greek by Elpida.
Lulu also recorded the song in German, also titled Boom Bang-a-Bang, which wasn't as great a success as the English original.
It was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1979 contest by Peter, Sue, Marc, Pfuri, Gorps and Kniri with "Trödler und Co".
The song didn't fare well and came last(17th) in the second semi-final with 13 points.
At the close of voting, it had received 15 points, placing 3rd in a field of 13.
"Neste barco à vela" was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1987, performed in Portuguese by Nevada.
It was succeeded as Maltese representative at the 1992 Contest by Mary Spiteri with "Little Child".
It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1986 Contest by Dora with "Não sejas mau para mim".
It was the first winning song ever to be performed without orchestral accompaniment, as McGettigan's guitar and Harrington's piano were the only instruments needed.
Sandra Reemer returned to the Contest in 1979, then as front woman of the band Xandra with "Colorado".
The Estonian version by the Estonian Radio Male Quartet entitled "Romantika" altered the original by skipping the introduction.
The song was succeeded as Turkish representative at the 1996 contest by Şebnem Paker with "Beşinci mevsim".
"Panayia Mou, Panayia Mou" was the second entry to represent Greece in the Contest after its debut at the 1974 Contest.
The song was performed twenty-second on the night, following Finland's Edea with "Aava" and preceding Estonia's Koit Toome with "Mere lapsed".
"Fight" was the Moldovan entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007, performed in English by Natalia Barbu.
At the close of voting, it received 26 points, placing 16th out of 20.
A Maltese language version was also recorded, titled "Issa".
It was succeeded as Greek representative at the 1995 Contest by Elina Konstantopoulou with "Pia Prosefhi".
"Ljubav je" is a song performed by Bosnian singers Dalal Midhat-Talakić and Deen, featuring Croatian cellist Ana Rucner and Bosnian rapper Jala.
He likens his predicament to feeling "fire and cold", while begging her to "open your heart".
The band explains that all one needs to brighten one's day is to sing a song "happy and in harmony".
As a "passive country", Belgium was, however, able to enter the 1998 edition.
The song was performed seventh on the night, following Romania's Taxi with "The Moon" and preceding Norway's Charmed with "My Heart Goes Boom".
"Hablemos del amor" was the Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1967, performed in Spanish by Raphael.
However it was decided by Sveriges Radio that Siw Malmkvist would perform the song at Eurovision.
His backing performers included two women, one in a sleeveless black gown, another in a white blouse and trousers, who provided vocal accompaniment, during the chorus.
The song is a love ballad, with Slabinac tell to his former lover as he is very sad because of the end of relationship.
"Krøller eller ej" was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1981, performed in Danish by Tommy Seebach and Debbie Cameron.
"Out On My Own" was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2001, performed in English by Michelle.
The protest was not upheld, and Tie Break represented Austria [1].
Portugal opted out of the 1970 contest, one of the many countries to withdraw after the chaotic 1969 result where four songs tied for first place.
It was confirmed on 29 July that Russia will select their entry through a national final.
The song is a simple pop ditty about a woman telling her lover that their relationship is over because he does not love her anymore.
In 2009, it was re-released under the title Best Of – 3 CD.
"Nanana" was the Slovene entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 2003, sung by Karmen Stavec and performed in English.
Cohen sings that, growing up, "we loved secretly/Who were we nice to?
"Une chanson c'est une lettre" was the Monegasque representative in the Eurovision Song Contest 1975, performed in French by French singer Sophie.
It was succeeded as Estonian representative at the 2000 contest by Ines with "Once In A Lifetime".
Lyrics were by Kurt Feltz, while the composer, Werner Scharfenberger, also took care of conducting the orchestra for this entry - his only appearance in Eurovision.
"I miei pensieri" is a song by Anita Traversi, performed in Italian, which represented Switzerland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1964.
At the close of voting, it had received 42 points, thus winning from a field of 16.
In the final, it was performed eleventh.
Walking the Streets in the Rain was the Irish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1965, performed in English by Butch Moore.
The song was performed fifth on the night, following Austria's Schmetterlinge with "Boom Boom Boomerang" and preceding West Germany's Silver Convention with "Telegram".
The video continues the gospel theme, although it proved controversial with the inclusion of footage of Palestinian militants and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
This meant that Finland were obliged to sit out the 1995 Eurovision Song Contest.
"Wait Until the Weekend Comes" was the Irish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1985, performed in English by Maria Christian.
At the close of voting, it had received 5 points, placing 17th in a field of 20.
"Bye Bye I Love You" was the Luxembourgish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1974, performed in French by German-British singer Ireen Sheer.
Luxembourg did not enter the 1959 Contest, the only edition of Eurovision from which the country was absent from its inception in 1956 through 1993.
At the close of voting, it had received 76 points, placing 10th in a field of 23.
Le grand soir is a well-known expression in French, and is often used ironically.
It represented Slovenia at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Malta, placing 12th in a field of 16 songs, scoring 29 points.
The style of the song was influenced by British producers Stock Aitken Waterman.
At the close of voting, it had received 19 points, placing 16th in a field of 20.
Des Mangan in fact translates the lyric as "And that bores me a lot", which further adds to the surreal effect.
"You're Summer" is noted as being the first song in the Eurovision Song Contest that was conducted by a woman, composer Monica Dominique.
At the close of voting, it had received 79 points, placing 9th in a field of 23.
At the close of voting, it had received 2 points, placing it 14th in a field of 17 entries.
It was succeeded as French representative at the 2006 Contest by Virginie Pouchain with "Il était temps".
Über die Brücke geh'n was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986, performed in German by Ingrid Peters.
See the French Wikipedia entry here for detailed info.
As Portugal had not qualified for the final in the previous Contest, the song was performed in the semi-final.
Thus, it was succeeded as Danish representative at the 2004 contest by Thomas Thordarsson with "Shame on You".
"To Katalava Arga" was the Cypriot entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1985, performed in Greek by Lia Vissi.
"I Anixi" was the Greek entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1991, performed in Greek by Sophia Vossou.
As Denmark had not finished in the top 10 at the 2003 Contest, the song was performed in the semi-final.
At the close of voting, it had received 107 points, placing 4th in a field of 20.
In an interview after the performance, writer Stefan Raab jokingly told Sertab Erener that he had written the song specifically for her.
The europop recording was written and arranged by Cristian Faur.
"Ne mogu skriti svoju bol" was the Yugoslavian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1976, performed in Bosnian by Ambasadori.
Later, the Arabic World boycotted the 1979 contest, including Turkey, which appeared for the second time in 1978.
The English-language version of the song is titled "I Will Follow Starlight".
The song had divided opinion prior to the Contest, with many fans arguing that the lyrics were excessively silly - particularly the names of the characters.
The song was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 2008 contest by Hind with "Your Heart Belongs to Me".
The song is sung from the perspective of a man parting from his "friend" and promising that he will be "always thinking of you".
The song was performed twelfth on the night, following Luxembourg's Park Café with "Monsieur" and preceding Austria's Thomas Forstner with "Nur ein Lied".
The song received 58 points, placing 14th in a field of 23, failing to qualify for the final.
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1967 contest by Fredi with "Varjoon - suojaan".
The song is an up-tempo number dealing - as the title suggests - with Melsen eating an apple.
In the final, it was performed eleventh.
"Sans toi" was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1973, performed in French by Martine Clémenceau.
As a country broadcasting but not participating in the Contest it was allowed to return to the fold the following year.
"Autant d'amoureux que d'étoiles" was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1984, performed in French by Annick Thoumazeau.
"Can't Wait Until Tonight" was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004, performed in English and Turkish by Max.
In Afrikaans the song is known as Hi Hi Ho, and it is regularly sung by fans during matches.
The song was composed by Lester's brother Frank Affolter, with lyrics by Wim Hogenkamp.
"'t Is OK" charted at #29 in the Dutch singles chart in the same year.
Fourteen acts competed in the televised final on 22 August 2015.
The song is sung by Tereza Kerndlová and was performed in the 2nd place on the national final.
The controversy came, however, with the line "The vote is in, I'll fucking win", a contravention of the Contest's policy on expletives.
The three backing singers, who included a man on guitar and another on accordion, wore white shirts and black trousers.
The contest itself was won by Johnny Logan of Ireland.
The single peaked at #1 at the Swedish singles chart.
It was succeeded as the Estonian representative by Neiokõsõ with "Tii".
He makes reference to the fact that his thoughts are scattered, but dismisses the importance of this realisation as it spoils his happiness.
It was succeeded as Cypriot representative at the 1995 Contest by Alexandros Panayi with "Sti Fotia".
Bonnet had made his debut in the Contest in 1968, when he co-wrote the lyrics to Isabelle Aubret's "La source".
It was succeeded as Israeli representative at the 1989 Contest by Gili & Galit with Derekh Hamelekh.
At the end of the televote, it had received 78 points, placing 7th in a field of 23.
The song ends with the line "Frère Jacques, réveille-toi et viens dormir avec moi...".
The song was performed second on the night, following France's Jean Philippe with "Oui, oui, oui, oui" and preceding Italy's Domenico Modugno with "Piove".
At the Eurovision Song Contest 2005 in Kiev, Ukraine the song finished 19th of the 24 competing songs in the final.
The song was performed eleventh on the night.
The final points tally for "Mercie, Chérie" was 31, securing it first place at the head of an 18-entry field.
Anastazio s Milas Poly in 1990 was performed twenty-first on the night.
The woman dressed in black also sang "la la la's" in between each verse and chorus.
If she leaves him, he sings, he will continue to do so but she won't notice.
The song was performed second on the night, following Luxembourg's Hugues Aufray with "Dès que le printemps revient" and preceding Norway's Arne Bendiksen with "Spiral".
At the close of voting, it had received 51 points, placing 13th in a field of 23.
In Helsinki, it was performed 1st in the running order, preceding Spain's D'NASH with "I Love You Mi Vida".
It received 57 points, placing 11th in a field of 22, while 19% of Israeli viewers watched on television.
The song is a pledge from Ortega to his lover that she only needs to "say a word" and he will be there for her.
Italo-American tenor Sergio Franchi recorded this song on his 1966 RCA Victor album La Dolce Italy.
At the close of voting, it had received 9 points, placing 6th in a field of 11.
It was succeeded as Slovene representative at the 1995 contest by Darja Švajger with "Prisluhni mi".
"Pozdrav svijetu" was the Yugoslavian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1969, performed in Serbo-Croatian by Ivan and the band M´s.
At the close of voting, it had received 35 points, placing 12th in a field of 18.
It was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 1965 Contest by Conchita Bautista with "¡Qué bueno, qué bueno!
At the close of voting, it had received 52 points, placing 12th in a field of 21.
Due to poor results, Cyprus was not permitted to take part in the 2001 contest, however they were re-admitted for the following year.
After three entries, and having experienced only modest success, Malta withdrew from the Eurovision Song Contest.
It was sung by the male quartet Cadillac and performed in Spanish.
It was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 1963 Contest by José Guardiola with "Algo prodigioso".
"Halo, Halo" was the Yugoslavian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1982, performed in Serbo-Croatian by Aska.
The song was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 2003 Contest by Beth with "Dime".
The song received 28 points, placing 15th in a field of 23.
It was succeeded as Italian representative at the 1990 Contest by Toto Cutugno with "Insieme: 1992".
At the close of voting, it had received 97 points, placing 12th in a field of 24 despite strong early results.
The song says that when people are in a bad situation they should work to solve problems and not be pessimistic about tragedies.
The song was succeeded as Swedish representative at the 1982 contest by Chips with "Dag efter dag".
The song was succeeded as Eurovision winner at the Eurovision Song Contest 1981 by British band Bucks Fizz and the song "Making Your Mind Up".
It was succeeded as Luxembourgish representative at the 1986 Contest by Sherisse Laurence with "L'amour de ma vie".
At the close of voting, it had received two points, placing 18th in a field of twenty.
Anastazio was succeeded as Cypriot representative at the 1991 Contest by Elena Patroklou with "SOS".
He tells his lover how he feels, likening her to "a flower that I picked", implying that the relationship was of a comparatively short duration.
"Era stupendo" is a ballad that starts softly but speeds up just in the beginning of its second half.
They sing that this is the only road they will ever travel in their lives.
The song is an up-tempo number, influenced by urban music.
"Colorado" was written by brothers Rob & Ferdi Bolland and Gerard Cox.
The chorus also features the repetition of the word "Moni", which is Greek for "alone", as well as being part of the girl's name.
The song was autobiographical, as Julie and Ludwig were a couple in real life, whose relationship had been on and off.
Here, it was performed nineteenth, following Lithuania's LT United with "We Are The Winners" and preceding Sweden's Carola with "Invincible".
Ines was supported on stage by 5 backing vocalists, Kaire Vilgats, Maiken, Jelena Juzvik, Pearu Paulus and Tanel Padar, her boyfriend at the time.
The result was not, however, good enough to qualify Romania for the 2001 Contest.
"Dziesma par laimi" was the Latvian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004, performed in Latvian by Fomins & Kleins.
The song was performed 24th on the night, following Ireland's Eamonn Toal with "Millennium of Love".
At the close of voting, it had received the dreaded nul points placing 13th in a field of 16.
