Connie Sachs is a fictional character created by John le Carré.
Khuro in old colloquial Bengali means paternal uncle.
Since Colin was raised on an earth with less technology than most earths the sliders visit, he was unfamiliar with the technology he encountered.
Through Kaikesi, he fathered another four children, Ravana, Vibhishana, Kumbakarna and Soorpanaka.
They continually strive to neutralize Buffy, the Slayer, and thus the primary obstacle to their ultimate goal of taking over Sunnydale.
She thwarts the sinister Sith Lord Darth Vader and helps bring about the destruction of the Empire's cataclysmic superweapon, the Death Star.
President of the United States Ronald Reagan once stated that Family Ties was his favorite television show.
Luke was also the more physical one, often performing stunts like jumping onto moving cars during high speed chases and rescuing Bo from sticky situations.
Originally, he was the main antagonist of Michael Scofield and the escape team.
Swift Wind is a fictional character in the animated television series She-Ra: Princess of Power.
The sage Chyavana is also said to be his son.
Bob is played by Rick Moranis and Doug is played by Dave Thomas.
His manipulative behaviour has seen him lie under oath and attempt to ruin his colleagues careers.
Alan is the only character who appears in every episode of the series.
Prudence "Prue" Halliwell is a fictional character from the American television series Charmed, played by Shannen Doherty from October 7, 1998 until May 17, 2001.
The question of whether Hal's character is cynical or sincere has been widely discussed by critics.
Richard Anthony "Ritchie" Nobilio, Jr. is a fictional character in the novels The Godfather Returns and The Godfather's Revenge.
Rachel Barbra Berry is a fictional character and de facto female lead from the Fox musical comedy-drama series Glee.
John James "Mr. Big" Preston is a recurring fictional character in the HBO series Sex and the City, portrayed by Chris Noth.
Martin Poyser, Hetty's uncle, being very fond of Adam Bede, hopes that the two might marry.
Donna Marie Pinciotti is a fictional character and one of the two female leads in the Fox sitcom That '70s Show, appearing in all eight seasons.
He first appears in the 1909 book The Road to Oz.
[ ] 1906 the chase - excellent - butcher bandit chicago earthquake
Bunker lived at the fictional address of 704 Hauser Street in the borough of Queens, in New York City.
By doing so, Song would head out to his old friend, Ma Hong and receive a woman for his friend.
In some early French-language versions of Animal Farm, the pig is named César.
It is a spin-off of the 1987 film Irupatham Noottandu, with Mohanlal reprising his role of Sagar Alias Jacky.
He also has a strong friendship with DI Mike Burden.
His gives his name to the war he fights: la guerre picrocholine.
Melrose Plant is a fictional character in Martha Grimes' series of Richard Jury mystery novels.
Later Ras travels to Phundahl for aid in recovering his island laboratory, from which he has been expelled by soldiers from Toonol.
The character of Caroline has received both a strong fan response amongst gay women, and a positive critical response from the media.
He was the first villain in the film series, in which he was portrayed by actor Joseph Wiseman.
Scheherazade , or Shahrazad, is a character and the storyteller in One Thousand and One Nights.
He first appears in the series at the start of the second novel, The Subtle Knife, and continues through to the final book, The Amber Spyglass.
As his name indicates, Triumph's comedic style is almost exclusively insult comedy.
Reid is a genius with an IQ of 187 and can read 20,000 words per minute with an eidetic memory.
She left to remarry her ex-husband in the middle of season three.
Riley Keaton Adams is an American professional baseball catcher for the Toronto Blue Jays organization.
Frylock has also made cameos in promotional material and other media outside of the series.
Although created as a new character, Betsy has a great deal in common with Dorothy.
MacGyver works as a problem solver for the fictional Phoenix Foundation in Los Angeles.
Mrs. Pepperpot is a fictional character in a series of children's books created by the Norwegian author Alf Prøysen.
The character appears in all six seasons, but less frequently in seasons five and six.
In his next birth Prahastha was reborn as Purochana in the Mahabharata as Duryodhana's trusted aide and who was responsible for the Lakshagraha incident.
A spin-off series for tweens featuring Mia's half-sister, From the Notebooks of a Middle School Princess was released in May 2015.
is a mecha who first appeared in Toho's 1957 film The Mysterians.
Soon enough, Zheng would recognize the large red gourd atop Chong's back and instantly realize that it is his source for his magic.
Lord Jeremy Pimpole is a fictional character created by author Tom Sharpe, a British novelist.
He's the adoptive son of Mr. Ping, and is one of Master Shifu's students.
Molly Walker, portrayed by Adair Tishler and Francesca Eastwood, is a fictional character on the NBC science fiction drama series Heroes.
Janine Melnitz is a fictional character in the Ghostbusters series.
She is played by Nicole da Silva.
In the second chapter Stephen teaches a class of boys a history lesson on ancient Rome.
Mr. Fezziwig is portrayed as a jovial, foppish man with a large Welsh wig.
Bonet's performance earned her a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series.
Damon stated in interviews that he would not do another Bourne film without Paul Greengrass, who had directed the second and third installments.
The character is played by Terry Jones, who directed the film.
He is transported into the body of his ancestor Philip in 1985.
Morello made her first screen appearance during the premiere episode titled "I Wasn't Ready", which aired on July 11, 2013.
Earl has a daughter who is introduced in the Grindhouse films, named Dakota, played by Marley Shelton, who plays a large role in Planet Terror.
After publishing the Scarecrow, Connelly confirmed that "Jack is on the back burner."
A common spelling variation of his first name in reference works and websites is Claude, however in his works Charteris uses the spelling without the 'e'.
He is a student in Harry Potter's year belonging in the Slytherin house.
He is one of three characters to have major appearances in both L'Engle's O'Keefe family series of books and her Austin family series.
Since the friendship did not last, Mauricio never recalled his real name.
Shaddam's closest friend is the assassin Count Hasimir Fenring, a cousin and childhood companion.
His main squad partner in the series is Det.
The character is partly inspired by Sherlock Holmes.
Vasser begins to involuntarily time travel on his seventh wedding anniversary, at first thinking he is hallucinating.
In the two part season finale of Season 5, Felton is found dead in his house, a shotgun blast having destroyed most of his skull.
Patrick Bateman is a fictional character, the villain protagonist and narrator of the novel American Psycho by Bret Easton Ellis, and its film adaptation.
He is physically large and strong, intelligent, handsome, and wealthy.
In exchange for Carter's help, Tars Tarkas becomes one of Carter's closest allies.
Tommy was created by Arlene Klasky and designed by Gábor Csupó.
The character inspired Robert Schumann's Kreisleriana for piano, op.
In one story arc, he and Opus the Penguin were lost at sea while attempting to cause havoc at the South African embassy in Washington, D.C..
Written by Shaun Lloyd McCarthy, under the pseudonym of Desmond Cory, Fedora was dubbed by literary critics as the 'thinking man's James Bond'.
He is a vampire and is introduced in the first novel in the series, Dead Until Dark, and has appeared in all of the novels since.
Gainey began playing the character as such, and in season four Tom is shown kissing another man on the cheek.
Finn is initially the quarterback of his high school football team.
As a recurring gag, Dale sees several signs of the affair, but always draws the wrong conclusions.
Mr. Six is an advertising character, first featured in a 2004–05 advertising campaign by the theme park chain Six Flags.
Sometimes his actions can become quite annoying, such as doing "rat dances".
Desmond's name is a tribute to David Hume, the famous empiricist philosopher.
The relationship eventually went downhill fast, however, and they distanced themselves.
Although initially focusing on neurosurgery during her residency, Kepner finally settles on trauma surgery as a specialty.
Then, he later became a bartender of Cheers while Sam became its owner and another bartender.
Henry Rutherford Hill is a fictional character and the main protagonist on the Fox animated television series King of the Hill.
Manu is a term found with various meanings in Hinduism.
Droopy is an animated cartoon character from the Golden Age of American Animation: an anthropomorphic dog with a droopy face, hence the name Droopy.
Pekkle is characterized as "good-natured" and "kind," as well as being a singer and dancer.
His only sphere of failure is his relationships with women, exemplified by his disastrous marriage to Pamela Flitton.
This original big Olli is there to stay.
Leena is a fictional character on the U.S. television science fiction series, Warehouse 13.
He often reacted to situations on impulse without thinking, sometimes with an "act/speak now, think later" attitude.
He can imitate the regional speech of many parts of Britain flawlessly, and is fluent in Italian.
Tuckwell-Smith departed the show on 12 August 2014.
The comic strip, in general, was about a blue-collar worker named Mike Motley and his wife Mabel Motley.
She is the glee club star of the fictional William McKinley High School in Lima, Ohio, where the show is set.
Kevin is a fictional character in Frank Miller's graphic novel series Sin City, featured prominently in The Hard Goodbye.
Mama's Family, and finally in the ongoing Vicki Lawrence & Mama: A Two-Woman Show.
Up until "Poking Spiders", Franky had appeared in every episode, except for seven episodes on season 4.
When Martin first joined the team, Danny had an adversarial relationship with Martin but they soon found that they worked well together.
Nicholas 'Nick' Schultz is a fictional character in the long-running Australian television series Blue Heelers portrayed by William McInnes.
Rebecca was intended to fill the gap as Sam's new female foil.
Gordon Chen is a character in the James Clavell Asian Saga novels Tai-Pan and Gai-Jin.
Sir Ridley Scott, director of the first film in the series, made the decision to switch Ripley from the standard male action hero to a heroine.
The character appears in the first and third novels, the first and third radio series, the 1981 television series and the 2005 feature film.
Leung was the only actor to read for the part.
This article is chiefly concerned with the character who appeared in Warner Bros. films.
In 2007 and 2008, AOL TV ranked Phoebe at number seven on their list of the Top TV Witches.
In the sixth season, Beiste comes out as transgender and undergoes gender confirmation surgery, taking on the new name Sheldon Beiste.
Gorosaurus is an allosaurid, an abrupt descendant of Allosaurus itself.
His ten heads represent his knowledge of the six shastras and the four Vedas.
But when Adama calls for volunteers for a dangerous recon mission to locate the Cylon's home base, "The Colony," Racetrack volunteers.
Shuka is depicted as a sannyasi, renouncing the world in pursuit of moksha, which most narratives assert that he achieved.
Professor Bobo is a fictional character who appeared in the final three seasons of Mystery Science Theater 3000, a comedy television series that mocks B-movies.
Although Sierra does not exhibit the same self-awareness that Echo has, she develops feelings such as love in her doll state.
Wolfe was born in Montenegro and keeps his past murky.
He attempts to ameliorate the pressure of this position by punishing himself and by insisting to his parishioners that he is a base, worthless creature.
The character was created by the writer trio of Glenn Kessler, Todd A. Kessler, and Daniel Zelman.
The character made her first screen appearance during the premiere episode titled "I Wasn't Ready", which aired on July 11, 2013.
Sasha has been described as a realist who demonstrates a pragmatic approach to survival.
When the writers saw that the number of antagonists was increasing, they decided to make him the alter ego of Scofield.
He lives in a tent, smokes a pipe and plays the harmonica.
He is in a romantic relationship with Mrs.
Dr. Helen Magnus is the series protagonist and central character of the Canadian fantasy-science fiction television series Sanctuary.
Peter Paterson, also of the Daily Mail, deemed Meyer an asset to the show, which he finds "feeble" in Meyer's absence.
The books are written in the form of a diary, with some additional content such as correspondence.
Not confined to his fishbowl, he is often seen scooting himself about the Smith residence, reclined in a glass of water.
Greedo is a fictional character from the Star Wars franchise.
A major battle then ensued, resulting in the fleeing of Chong, and the death of the great Mei Wu.
Natalya Fyodorovna Simonova is a fictional character and the main Bond girl in the James Bond film GoldenEye, played by actress Izabella Scorupco.
Knight's casting was announced in January 2013.
Gaskell based her depiction of Milton on Manchester, where she lived as the wife of a Unitarian minister.
Paul "Paulie" Gatto is a fictional character in Mario Puzo's novel, The Godfather.
Such men could serve for pay or through a feudal obligation.
A possible spin-off centering on Mac's work in San Diego was pitched to CBS, but the network passed on the spin-off idea.
The role of Stephanie was performed by Julianna Rose Mauriello in season 1 and 2.
Lord George Fox-Selwyn is a fictional character in the Montmorency series by Eleanor Updale.
He is recruited by Nessus, a Pierson's Puppeteer, as a member of an expedition to explore the Ringworld.
She is played by American actress Leisha Hailey.
A serious relationship develops between the two and episode plots were eventually written revolving around the couple.
The story of Hiranyakashipu is in three parts.
She was a series regular until her funeral in "What Kate Did".
The character also appeared in the live-action movie Thunderbirds.
Thus, Zheng Lun would shoot two large jets from both of his nostrils to suck up Chong's spirit and soul.
She is portrayed by Kate Flannery, and is an original character with no equivalent in the British version of the show.
The novel was written by José Rizal, one of the leaders of the Propaganda Movement in the Philippines.
The character is portrayed by actress Jessalyn Gilsig, and has appeared in Glee from its pilot episode, first broadcast on May 19, 2009.
She appears during that season's finale, having returned briefly to Baltimore to help the squad investigate Felton's death.
Eirene is a fictional character from the HBO/BBC/RAI original television series Rome, played by Chiara Mastalli.
Melanie's loyalty to Scarlett and Rhett drives a wedge between herself and India.
Curto has the distinction of being the longest-tenured "rat" in the series, and for never being caught or suspected as such.
Martha Logan is a fictional character played by Jean Smart in the television series 24.
He uses his ambiguous sexuality to advantage in The Word of a Gentleman, and sees sex as a mere means to an end.
He lived with his grandfather, Ezra Paulsen, a fisherman on Dolphin Island, and, after his grandfather's death, with a tyrannical aunt and uncle.
Caitlin Ryan is a New Zealand canoeist.
Since then, she generally poses as John Connor's sister and, accordingly, uses whatever surname is being used by the Connors at the time.
He is said to have disowned his demonic family after witnessing Ravana's disrespectful treatment of his older brother, Kubera and returned to his first wife, Ilavida.
Detective Josephine Danville is a fictional character and the co-protagonist of the CBS crime drama CSI: NY, portrayed by Sela Ward.
Commander Adama is a fictional character in the 1978 movie and subsequent ABC television series Battlestar Galactica and its continuation series, Galactica 1980.
He uses the same phrases and body language as his father..
According to the series' writers, the character represents a non-violent "voice of reason" amongst the series' antagonists.
Kashyapa was an ancient sage, who is one of the Saptarshis in the present Manvantara; with others being Atri, Vashishtha, Vishvamitra, Gautama, Jamadagni, Bharadwaja.
However, past the name, the similarities end.
The four are considered to be vishnu-tattva or Vishnu's plenary expansions.
Bob is a former combat medic who is considered the town drunk of Woodbury, Georgia.
Pentangeli thinks that the Rosatos are running their businesses like "a disgrace", and so refuses to give them the promised territories.
The Jules Massenet opera Don Quichotte depicts Dulcinée as a major character, the local queen who sends the knight on a quest to retrieve her jewels.
Maureen "Mo" Effanga is a fictional character from the BBC medical drama Holby City, played by actress Chizzy Akudolu.
McNulty is nonetheless a clever, resourceful police officer, and though not above manipulation and deceit, he is generally moral.
Snow White is a fictional character and a main character from Walt Disney Productions' first animated feature film Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
Zoidberg is voiced by Billy West, who performs the character with a Yiddish-inflected accent inspired by actors George Jessel and Lou Jacobi.
Robert Jeffrey "Bobby" Hill is a character on the Fox animated series King of the Hill and is voiced by Pamela Adlon.
The character is seemingly based on the similarly spelled Azazel from The Book of Enoch.
Four years after The Carol Burnett show ended, the TV-movie-special Eunice was broadcast.
She is portrayed by actress Portia de Rossi and appears in Seasons 2 through 5 of the show.
from the 1967 film In the Heat of the Night.
David and Ramses become best friends, and later on blood brothers.
His medical expertise and his history with the Ancient gene earns him a spot on the Atlantis expedition, where he becomes the expedition's chief medical officer.
During most of the series Donna works as the senior assistant to White House Deputy Chief of Staff Josh Lyman.
River Tam is a fictional character of the Firefly franchise.
He protected the northern kingdom of Lanka in the mainland and his kingdom bordered with the Kosala Kingdom, the kingdom of Rama.
She was a Stockton, California-based Agent of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives investigating the Sons of Anarchy Motorcycle Club in Charming, California.
Raggedy Ann is a character created by American writer Johnny Gruelle that appeared in a series of books he wrote and illustrated for young children.
Barbie is a fashion doll manufactured by the American toy company Mattel, Inc. and launched in March 1959.
The latter subjects him to a violent attack which affects his career at the hospital.
In the episode "Grandmentor", Jordan refers to himself as "Tracy Morgan".
He is featured in The Force Awakens media and merchandising, and will appear in the film's forthcoming sequel, Star Wars: The Last Jedi.
He is a cowardly slacker and the long-time best friend and owner of his cowardly Great Dane Scooby-Doo.
Her face peered out of the hood like a witch caricature — sunken cheeks and eyes, an overlong nose, skin mottled and with protruding veins.
D'Anna Biers is a fictional character from the re-imagined Battlestar Galactica television series, played by Lucy Lawless.
Anne Glass is a fictional character on the TNT television series Falling Skies played by Moon Bloodgood.
He is unmarried but in the story 'Onnobhuvon' only it was mentioned that he got married to Nilu.
Joanie and Chachi, along with some of his cousins and a character named Bingo, form a band, which was never named in the series.
Charmed is an American television series that was originally broadcast by The WB for eight seasons from October 7, 1998, until May 21, 2006.
Don Tommasino is a fictional character from The Godfather series of books and films.
Dumbledore is portrayed by Richard Harris in the film adaptations of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone and Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
Elizabeth leaves Upstairs, Downstairs between the second and third series when she moves to New York.
According to most story media, Skeletor betrayed Hordak and trapped him in "another dimension" before beginning his own conquest of the planet Eternia.
Mirto Anagnostou is a fictional character on the ANT1 television series Erotas, played by Koralia Karanti.
The Green Cross Code is a brand created by the National Road Safety Committee to raise awareness of pedestrian road safety in the United Kingdom.
Further exploration of Serena's background began when her mother, Adrienne, and daughter, Elinor, were introduced, followed by her ex-husband, Edward, in 2013.
This is most evident when he helps the club to kill corrupt ATF Agent June Stahl and club nemesis Jimmy O'Phalen.
Samuel T. Anders is a fictional character from the re-imagined Battlestar Galactica television series, played by Michael Trucco.
Denise also stars in the first season of its spin-off series, A Different World.
Because of his travels and civilization, Babar is appointed king of the elephant kingdom.
Wisconsin killer Ed Gein, who wore a mask made of human skin, was reportedly the inspiration for elements in the original film.
He is played by American actor Corbin Bernsen.
Bodine appears in V., and recurs in Gravity's Rainbow.
Before Irons was cast, the directors had considered offering the role to actors Tim Curry and Malcolm McDowell.
Baracus , played by Mr. T, is a fictional character and one of the four protagonists of the 1980s action-adventure television series The A-Team.
All the hair he has is three or four long dark locks on his forehead and behind his ears."
Professor Bernard Quatermass is a fictional scientist, originally created by the writer Nigel Kneale for BBC Television.
Kerry Chang is a fictional character in the CHERUB series by Robert Muchamore.
Her counterpart in the original UK series of The Office is Dawn Tinsley.
His moral compass is further tested by his own group when encountering non-group members who the group believe should join their community.
She is also the mother of the seer Vyasa, author of the epic.
Many people work full-time making appearances in the Ronald McDonald costume, visiting children in hospitals, and attending regular events.
He was the ruler of the Kunti Kingdom.
However, she would head back to Zhaoge with Daji disguised as an even more beautiful woman.
Atri or Attri is a Vedic sage, who is credited with composing a large number of hymns to Agni, Indra and other Vedic deities of Hinduism.
He quickly became popular with fans for his dancing, habit of "beaking" the heads of supporters, and for throwing T-shirts into the stands.
Admiral Helena Cain is a fictional character in the reimagined science fiction television series Battlestar Galactica, portrayed by Michelle Forbes.
Critical reception of Rapunzel has been generally positive, with critics complimenting her spirited, lively personality and independence.
Originally designed as a bombshell based on video game character Lara Croft, Kim's appearance was ultimately altered to resemble a teenage girl instead.
In the Schrödinger's Cat trilogy, written after Illuminatus!, it is stated that 'Hagbard Celine' is a pseudonym, and his legal name is 'Howard Crane'.
Taibai Jinxing is also associated as the messenger god of Shenism, or the Chinese folk religion.
Ambitious and pragmatic, Nathan has a decidedly anti-hero streak, which exacerbates his complex relationship with his brother, Peter Petrelli.
Clavileño is shown by some units of the Spanish Air Force in its badges.
In all animated productions, Aladdin is voiced by American actor Scott Weinger, while his singing voice is provided by Brad Kane.
He was introduced as a recurring character on Chicago Fire before the spin-off Chicago P.D.
Animation and Coliseum Entertainment, for the first and second seasons, and Cookie Jar, for the remainder of the series.
Dr. Mark Greene is a fictional medical doctor from the television series ER, portrayed by the actor Anthony Edwards.
The author of the series is Lemony Snicket, who plays a major role in the plot himself.
Ashley James "Ash" Williams is a fictional character and the protagonist of The Evil Dead franchise.
Charmed is a series which focuses on three good witches, the prophesied "Charmed Ones", sisters who battle the forces of evil.
In the Swedish version of the series, Jönssonligan, his part was taken by the character Charles Ingvar "Sickan" Jönsson, played by Gösta Ekman.
She was updated to a primary castmember in the second season.
In Japanese, he is commonly referenced with the prefix "Majin" due to his incredible superhuman abilities and near immortality.
After his return to the States, he eventually accepted a position with the CIA.
In the films, Fredo's feelings of personal inadequacy and his inability to act effectively on his own behalf are character flaws leading to greater consequences.
Mandy is a fictional character, played by Mia Kirshner, on the television series 24.
As of March 2017 the original video had 8.1 million views on YouTube.
Vera Douka is a fictional character on the ANT1 television series Erotas, played by Noni Ioannidou.
With the Pegasus destroyed in the escape from New Caprica, the combined air wing embarked on the Galactica has an excess of qualified pilots.
Louis, who is saved by Armand, takes his revenge by burning the theatre to the ground, killing all the vampires inside, including Santiago.
Wong Fei-hung respectfully calls Siu-kwan "Thirteenth Aunt", in accordance with Chinese traditions emphasizing generations and family status.
In the original release and pressings, Austin grunted "Do you work for Number 2?
She also formed strong relationships with Harry Pearce, and Ruth Evershed.
Hiranyakashipu is an Asura from the Puranic scriptures of Hinduism.
He was a regular in the first season of the show, as Commander of the Babylon 5 station, and made a number of guest appearances afterward.
Carr has been nominated four times for the Best Comedy Release ARIA Award as Goode, winning the prestigious award twice.
David Ross later returned to voice Talkie Toaster in the series IV episode "White Hole".
The Rig Veda states that he was a son of Ila and was a pious king.
After losing a custody battle with Susan Lloyd, Michael does not see his son Walt for almost ten years.
In early seasons, Joanie is always nosy toward Richie's makeout sessions with his girlfriends.
Lois has also had several affairs, one of which allegedly resulted in the conception of Meg.
His two principal fears are the sight of his own blood and the crocodile who pursues him after eating the hand cut off by Pan.
She is a harsh, cruel educator and is later revealed to be the aunt of Matilda's teacher, Miss Jennifer "Jen" "Jenny" Honey.
He laughs the joke off and gets back to business.
JJ is notable for having autism and was a virgin when the series started.
Kelly Rohrbach plays C. J. Parker in the 2017 feature film.
He is an intelligent, neurotic, and introspective son of the Compson Family.
A devout Buddhist, she is religious since a small child and also a gifted painter.
He is played by Michael Emerson, and in scenes from his past by Parker Brightman and Chris Bert.
Amanda Tapping accepted a starring role in Sanctuary and appears in only the first and last episodes in Season 5 of Atlantis.
The character first appeared on-screen on 30 January 2007 in the episode "Into the Dark" - series nine, episode 17 of the program.
Thus, Tony Shalhoub was the only cast member to appear in all 125 episodes.
The series comprises fourteen novels, three plays, a CD, two other books and the newspaper column, as of 2014.
He is a compulsive liar to avoid arguments or situations with conflict, often leading to an arcing storyline within a show.
Jonny Maconie is a fictional character from the BBC medical drama Holby City, played by actor Michael Thomson.
Following the coalition against Su Hu led by Chong Houhu, Su would be known as a renowned protector of Ji province.
Harry was introduced as a CT1, later progressing to CT3.
Castor Oyl is named after castor oil, a medicine often given to children for various ailments until the mid 20th century.
Detective Michael Tritter is a recurring fictional character in the medical drama series House, portrayed by David Morse.
As the strip began to focus more on children and animal characters, there was less room for Bobbi.
In the novel, the character is nicknamed "Pistols" Scaramanga and is also called "Paco".
For her role as Spencer, Bellisario was nominated thrice for Choice Summer TV Star: Female in the Teen Choice Awards, in which she won one.
Brent Douglas, who performs Mercer's voice, uses the character as a vehicle for comedy sketches in which he performs prank calls.
The Genie is a jinni appearing in the Aladdin franchise from Disney.
In the season 12 episode "Eek, a Penis!
Kim has also earned the respect of feminist critics, who appreciated the character for both defying gender roles and challenging negative stereotypes commonly associated with cheerleaders.
He adopts a strict, puritanical way of life.
Harvey is murdered in "Wanted: Dead or Alive" by an unknown assailant and found dead in her hotel room's bathtub by a cleaner.
Trey is the older brother of main character Ryan Atwood and grew up with him in Chino with their mother, Dawn Atwood.
His tale depicts the futility of desiring power over others and the strength of God's protection over his fully surrendered devotees.
She starts out in the Henry Huggins series as the pestering little sister of Henry's friend Beatrice, called "Beezus" by Ramona and her family.
Jaime is portrayed by Nikolaj Coster-Waldau on the HBO series Game of Thrones.
Gormenghast  is a fantasy series by British author Mervyn Peake, about the inhabitants of Castle Gormenghast, a sprawling, decaying, gothic-like structure.
Like the other main characters, Meatwad, Frylock, and Master Shake, Carl made his first official appearance in the show's first episode, "Rabbot".
Rose was originally supposed to be played by Rue McClanahan, whereas Blanche Devereaux, one of Rose's roommates, was to be played by White.
In the film and its sequel, Balboa and Creed find themselves basically evenly matched in the ring, ending up friends by the third movie.
Voight's circumstances were eventually clarified with the creation of the spin-off Chicago P.D..
The third installment Kandahar was released in 2010.
However, he commits several brutal acts to ensure the family's survival.
Monica E. Geller is a fictional character, one of the six main characters who appeared in the American sitcom Friends.
The comic strip centers on Garfield, portrayed as a lazy, fat, and cynical orange cat with the ability to speak articulately.
These films appeared on American television from 1955 through 1967, Saturday mornings on the CBS television network.
At first, the man denies his identity, saying that George is mistaken.
He is both the protagonist and main narrator of the story.
Bandersnatches have appeared in various adaptations of Carroll's works; they have also been used in other authors' works and in other forms of media.
He also has a photographic memory and is partially colorblind.
Mr Blobby communicates only by saying the word "blobby" in an electronically altered voice, expressing his moods through tone of voice and repetition.
I think Liv just wants to be loved.
Literally Abōlakarā means a disobedient person in the Oriya language.
Eads is credited in 335 episodes of the series.
Chocolate chip cookies are his favorite kind; oatmeal cookies are his second favorite.
April Kepner M.D., is a fictional character from the television medical drama Grey's Anatomy which airs on the American Broadcasting Company in the United States.
Puff is featured regularly in a variety of merchandise, such as plush toys and video games, and has appeared at theme parks and in Toyota commercials.
Much of the rhino population live in houses and structures nearby.
Wallace starts off as an ex-military civilian.
Beckman also maintains a close friendship with Dr. Condoleezza Rice.
The show was the creation of producer Robert Maxwell and animal trainer Rudd Weatherwax and was televised from September 12, 1954, to March 25, 1973.
UGO.com named him one of the best TV nerds.
They are very much alike and could pass for brothers, as they do later on in the series.
Hanuman assumes his five-headed form and he quickly blows out the five different candles and thus kills Ahiravana.
In time, Heihu would unleash his magical gourd and capture Su.
Yang Ren is a high-ranking official within the Shang Dynasty and is known through the title of Grand Counselor.
The character was voiced originally by Paul Winchell, then by Rob Paulsen and currently by Jim Cummings.
The novels are heavily influenced by other fictional British detectives, such as Lord Peter Wimsey and Sherlock Holmes.
Speaker-to-Animals is a fictional character in the Ringworld series of books, written by Larry Niven.
Due to this, Wu Ji would sit by Jiang Ziya at a certain point in time and ask his name.
He wore a white shirt collar and blue tie, and his catchphrase was "I hate that duck."
All this has a profound effect on David, but he still loves her.
The slogan had also been used by both Bosko and Buddy and even Beans at the end of every Looney Tunes cartoon.
Chocomaro appears in two parodies of "Mashimaro" Episodes, including Episodes 2 and 3.
It is said that King Rataxes got his name from these tolls, so it is questionable if "Rataxes" is his real name or a sobriquet.
According to Byrne, the character of Weston has flaws, but possesses certain virtues:
Miss Silver is a fictional detective featured in 32 novels by British novelist Patricia Wentworth.
She is also played as a warm person who makes a good friend for fellow characters and strives to provide excellent patient care.
In the first episode, Quinn is introduced as an antagonistic queen bee stock character.
Jillian "Jill" Patterson Taylor is a character in the TV sitcom Home Improvement played by Patricia Richardson.
Hayley, along with her father Stan, was one of the first two characters who were conceived and created for the series.
Rockford is the principal character of the series, and Garner was the only actor to appear in every episode of the series.
Kathryn Merteuil is a fictional character who appears in Cruel Intentions and Cruel Intentions 2, portrayed by actresses Sarah Michelle Gellar and Amy Adams, respectively.
Captain Alatriste is a series of novels by Spanish author Arturo Pérez-Reverte.
She also has extraordinary strength in her bionic right arm, and both legs, which enable her to run at speeds exceeding 60 miles per hour.
It is similar to other flood myths such as that of Gilgamesh and Noah.
Isabella Linton is a fictional character in Emily Brontë's novel Wuthering Heights.
The character is closely associated with The Pink Panther Theme.
Kelly Bailey is a fictional character in the British Channel 4 science fiction comedy-drama Misfits, portrayed by Lauren Socha.
He's been described as "an extraordinary cross between Eraserhead and Herman Munster".
Larry Mondello appears in 68 of the show's 234 episodes over the first few seasons.
He met and married Caroline "Cathy" Mueller, a medical student and later an ophthalmic surgeon, with whom he had four children.
Commonly cited as "the last great newspaper comic", Calvin and Hobbes has evinced broad and enduring popularity, influence and academic interest.
The last five films were shot in Gothenburg and Stockholm in the summer and autumn of 2014, and premiered in the summer of 2015.
These children, including the eldest son Duryodhana, came to be known as the Kauravas.
The CIA did this to Klaus at the 1986 Winter Olympics to prevent him from winning the gold medal.
The character was created and designed by Seth MacFarlane.
He perished in the war, falling to Dronacharya.
This rebellious act is so quick that many do not realize it has happened until it is over.
He is a young student, and the suitor of Cosette.
Luke met her again in The Dukes of Hazzard: Hazzard in Hollywood, although by then she was married to another man.
Nessus demonstrates traits that in humans would be diagnosed as manic-depressive disorder, displacement, and at times, extreme suggestibility.
Dr. Peter "Pete" Wilder is a character on the Grey's Anatomy spin-off Private Practice.
Beale was born in 1923 and became a foster child.
The character is known as Migdia LaGuerta in the novels by Jeff Lindsay upon which the television series is based.
The character first appeared on June 3, 1949 in the premiere of the NBC radio drama that launched the series.
Franklin "Frank" Drebin is a fictional character in the Police Squad!
Zaf assists in saving Fiona's life, but Danny is killed by the terrorists.
In both the novel and its various film adaptations, she is the fiancée of Victor Frankenstein.
Scooby-Doo is a male Great Dane and lifelong companion of amateur detective Shaggy Rogers, with whom he shares many personality traits.
Kestrel's partner in detection is his valet Thomas Stokes, known as Dipper.
Imran is written out as a bright and young Oxford graduate, holding both a master's degree and a doctorate in chemistry.
Going by their legends, Pradyumna was made the king of Shonitpur & subsequently the Bushahr state by Lord Krishna himself.
Rousseau's primary objective is to reunite with her daughter, which is achieved in the season three finale "Through the Looking Glass".
Lana then grew closer to Lex Luthor.
Due South is a Canadian crime series with elements of comedy.
The death toll is unknown but traditionally thought to have been small, as only six verified deaths were recorded.
Despite some mixed signals and apprehension on Quinn's part, the two turned out a cute little rendition of Jason Mraz and Colbie Caillat's 'Lucky'."
55 on Empire magazine's list of The 100 Greatest Movie Characters of All Time.
She is the mistress of Frank Lopez and after his death, becomes the wife of Tony Montana.
Morello bases her style on actress Natalie Wood.
Rose and Bernard Nadler are fictional characters on the American Broadcasting Company television series Lost, played by L. Scott Caldwell and Sam Anderson respectively.
She was often referred to as "Weezie" by her on-screen husband, George Jefferson, and sometimes as "Mrs.
Leo Wyatt is a fictional character from The WB television series Charmed, portrayed by Brian Krause.
The character first appeared in the 1997 film Soul Food, and was portrayed by Vanessa Williams.
Liv doesn't really care about anything, she just wants to have fun.
There she finds adventure, war and romance with the dashing Highland warrior Jamie Fraser.
He was named for the real-life Cornish writer Sir Arthur Quiller-Couch.
Kipling named him after hāthī,(ہاتھی) the Hindi and Urdu word for "elephant".
In addition to the television series, the character has also appeared in numerous expanded universe material, such as the Charmed novels and its comic book adaptation.
The pair's friendship eventually deteriorates into hatred for one another.
Emily's characteristics and stories have the same methodology in both books and television.
According to a David Simon audio commentary, Chris was molested as a child, explaining his ferocious attack on Michael Lee's sexually abusive stepfather.
This is a list of characters from the Wild Cards book series.
Sydnor is a young, married Baltimore Police detective who was a member of the Barksdale detail and later worked in the Major Crimes Unit.
Her four best friends are her horse and monkey, and the neighbours' children, Tommy and Annika.
He is a former minor league baseball shortstop whose career was cut short by a shoulder injury.
Frank was one of the original characters in the series when it started in 1996.
He is seen as Deputy Chief Brenda Leigh Johnson's right-hand man.
"Rooster" Cogburn is a fictional character who first appeared in the 1968 Charles Portis novel, True Grit.
Cordelia Gray is the protagonist of P. D. James's An Unsuitable Job for a Woman and of The Skull Beneath the Skin.
The comic strip was considered to be more popular than B.C.
Brock was left with his ship, Struan with nothing.
Chao Lei is a character featured within the famed Chinese novel, Fengshen Yanyi.
He is portrayed by British actor Matthew Macfadyen.
Diogenes Small is a fictional character created by the English crime writer Colin Dexter in his Inspector Morse series of novels.
Piglet is a fictional character from A.
4 out of 11 of The Best Villains on Television and No.
During her time as both governor and prisoner, Joan is known for creating major conflicts within Wentworth prison.
Thus, Jiang Ziya would present a fortune before Liu Quin that would seem near to impossible.
She was created by David Lynch and Mark Frost.
Following this point, Zhenjun would have Yang Ren as his disciple for the remainder of his allotted time.
Both have been seconded to the titular Warehouse 13, where their work involves collecting artifacts, under conditions of highest classification secrecy.
Princess Irulan  is a fictional character and member of House Corrino in the Dune universe created by Frank Herbert.
Shuttleworth is in his late 50s and is from Walkley in Sheffield, South Yorkshire.
Her hair is formed in a ponytail braid tied with a bow.
The character was also the focus of a miniseries entitled Stakes, which aired during the show's seventh season.
Provided below is a list of characters from the Historical series, Contemporary characters, the Girl of the Year line, and WellieWishers.
Jack Deth is the main protagonist in the Trancers franchise, produced by Charles Band of Empire Pictures and later Full Moon Entertainment, from 1985–2013.
She is a vampire and lives in the city of Rhodes, Iowa.
Abby McDeere is a Western Kentucky University–educated elementary school teacher.
The lean, blonde haired man is an ace detective with the Van Dorn Detective agency.
She is an unofficial foster mother to the entire group and is a source of comfort and advice for them all.
During the 2011 Syrian uprising, a posting on the blog purportedly by "Amina's" cousin claimed that Amina was abducted on 6 June 2011.
He is consultative and full of sage advice, sometimes even taking on a scholarly appearance and wearing reading glasses.
Phillips flees the country leaving behind a video for Pearce, in which she gloats about trumping MI5.
All the Angry Kid animations from before the third series were on Atom.com before the site was absorbed into Comedy Central.
Hodge later has an affair with Rosebud the Basselope, resulting in Rosebud's pregnancy and the birth of 64 jackabasselopes, who mature and leave in seven days.
Ryanverse refers to the fictional universe created by Tom Clancy featuring Jack Ryan and other characters, such as John Clark and Domingo Chavez.
Danny works on his brother's campaign and in 1960, he becomes Attorney General after James is elected president.
Unlike most Aardman productions, Angry Kid was not created using clay animation but a combination of pixilation and stop motion puppetry.
Sammy Terry is a television horror host based in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Gossamer is an animated cartoon character in the Warner Bros. Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies series of cartoons.
Hudson returned to provide his appearance and voice to Zeddemore in 2009's Ghostbusters: The Video Game.
Noah "Puck" Puckerman is a fictional character from the Fox musical comedy-drama series Glee.
Characters in this section range from homeless drug addicts up to drug king-pins in charge of entire criminal empires.
He was introduced in the sixth episode of the fourth season, "Oh Brother, Where Art Thou?".
Songs of the Sea was a multimedia show located at Siloso Beach on Sentosa Island, Singapore.
Dorian for the first eight seasons, and in Season 9 becomes his wife.
The Fairy with Turquoise Hair is a fictional character in Carlo Collodi's 1883 book The Adventures of Pinocchio.
The character is portrayed by actor Kevin McHale, and has appeared in Glee from its pilot episode, first broadcast on May 19, 2009.
He is the most popular character of the series, and he was voiced by an uncredited Paul Lynde.
They use her unkindly to do embroidery and needlework for the family late into the night.
An astrophysicist who becomes involved with the alien Thor and the government organization S.H.I.E.L.D., he first appeared in the 2011 film Thor.
Jerry Mouse is a fictional character and one of the title characters in Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer's series of Tom and Jerry theatrical cartoon short films.
The character was created by executive producer Brad Kern and was portrayed by Victor Webster.
In 1929, Sullivan decided to make the transition and began distributing Felix sound cartoons through Copley Pictures.
He is portrayed by American actor David Blue.
He appeared in 59 out of 60 episodes.
It is here that Bobby now makes his home.
These are lists of characters from the various Battlestar Galactica incarnations.
Kimberly Diane "Kim" Craig née Day is the accident-prone fictional character in the Australian sitcom Kath & Kim, portrayed by Gina Riley.
Natalie Jane Teeger is a fictional character on the American crime drama/comedy Monk.
He betrays them—and Ygritte—before they can attack, but the Night Watch's victory comes at a heavy price for Jon.
The character was portrayed by Kim Chiu.
King Louie is a fictional character introduced in Walt Disney's 1967 animated musical film, The Jungle Book.
Omar is also noted for his close relationships with his partners, and with his guardian and ad hoc banker Butchie.
No one came to Seth's Bar Mitzvah as they all went to Luke's party.
According to the Puranas, he had three sons, Purukutsa, Ambarisha and Muchukunda.
The series follows the turbulent lives of the Baudelaire orphans after their parents, Bertrand and Beatrice, are killed in an arsonous structure fire.
Gemma Teller Morrow, is a fictional character on the FX television series Sons of Anarchy, played by Katey Sagal.
Eric Catchpole is a character in the British television series Lovejoy adapted from the novels by Jonathan Gash.
It used to be incorrectly believed that these bouts were between males fighting for breeding supremacy.
He was asked to come in and read lines.
Both Jac and Jonny made a brief appearance on 23 June through Skype, before Jac made an additional brief appearance on 22 September.
The Twins are fictional characters in the 2003 film The Matrix Reloaded.
Lieutenant Jon Kavanaugh is a fictional Internal Affairs Lieutenant in the Los Angeles Police Department on the FX television show The Shield.
704 Hauser, a short-lived 1994 series about a black family who had moved into the old Bunker home, years after Bunker had sold it.
His mother died before the Second World War and his father died whilst carrying valuable radio blueprints for the British Secret Service.
Both are depicted as con-men, who lead Pinocchio astray and unsuccessfully attempt to murder him.
WatchMojo.com listed Anguirus as #5 on their "Top 10 Godzilla Villains" list.
She is perennially youthful and infinitely charming but always elusive.
He hates this and their subsequent tendency to nickname him "Boris".
Her daughter Edwina is born when Emma is 16.
Frank "Frankie Five Angels" Pentangeli is a fictional character from the film The Godfather Part II.
Morse's partnership and friendship with Lewis is a fundamental aspect of the series.
She is the staff psychologist for McNamara/Troy.
TV critics have proved almost entirely favourable to the character, even when commenting on the unrealistic quality of many of his storylines.
Only a Gandharva, Savitra, a Vasu,managed to regain his courage and after a fierce battle, killed Sumali.
Karl Glogauer is the protagonist of two novels by Michael Moorcock, and a secondary character in additional novels and short stories.
Valuing loyalty over love, Christopher reports Adriana's actions to Tony, who has Silvio Dante kill her.
Towards the end of Season 6, he is assigned to overlook the recently acquired Dunder Mifflin Scranton branch.
In his original incarnation, he was a superhero who, with his teen sidekicks Jan, Jace, and Blip the monkey, fought supervillains in outer space.
The design and character of Zodac is heavily influenced by the New God, Metron, created by Jack Kirby for his Fourth World comic series.
Havers is portrayed by Scottish actress Sharon Small; Nathaniel Parker plays Lynley.
The ninth Disney Princess, Tiana is the first to be of African-American heritage.
Karna, originally known as Vasusena, is one of the central characters in the Hindu epic Mahābhārata.
Uma Thurman's performance as Wallace earned her a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.
Eleanor Faye "Ellie" Bartowski Woodcomb, M.D., Ph.D., is the older sister of title character Chuck Bartowski on the television series Chuck.
His father Joseph Tribbiani, Sr., is a pipefitter and his mother's name is Gloria.
Due South is a Canadian crime series with elements of comedy.
Since 2008, the show has been set in Rome.
Erotas is a Greek television soap opera revolving around the private lives of wealthy Athenian families.
She returns a third time as an elderly man who lies about having a daughter and wife.
Since the show began its sixth season in 2002, the practice of killing Kenny has been seldom used by the show's creators.
Seymore had the unique distinction and honor of being the "world's 1st-ever" character mascot in the history of World Expositions.
The Crimson King, known to some as Los' or Ram Abbalah, is a fictional character created by Stephen King.
He shares his last name with drug lieutenant Cheese Wagstaff.
The Red Queen is a fictional character in Lewis Carroll's fantasy novel Through the Looking-Glass.
Smash is believed to be based on Boobie Miles from the Friday Night Lights book and film.
Although Ward was not initially interested in portraying Stacy, she changed her mind after watching tapes of the show.
Santino "Sonny" Corleone is a fictional character in Mario Puzo's 1969 novel The Godfather and its 1972 film adaptation.
The luminosity of his nose is so great that it illuminates the team's path through inclement winter weather.
Cho serves as the polar opposite to Patrick Jane, but is keen to learn his powers of observation.
In German-speaking regions, Uschi is a common nickname for people named Ursula.
Mahabali was the great great grandson of sage Kashyapa, great grandson of Hiranyakshipu, the grand son of Prahlada and son of Virochana.
Similar to his female counterpart, Ken had a fantastically fashionable line of clothing and accessories.
Despite his calm demeanor, The Greek is cunning and ruthless, and only interested in facts that make him more money.
At the same time, Fischer was writing the beginning of "The Lords of Quarmall".
"I'm Just A Jitterbug - Cartune Theatrical Cartoon Series".
Vanessa Abrams is a fictional character in the Gossip Girl.
He is portrayed by comedian actor Wilson Bikram Rai.
The book was published on 7 June 1971, in the year following de Gaulle's death, and became an instant bestseller.
However, some commentators have accused Disney of Westernizing the character, while her romantic relationship with Shang has been widely accused of compromising Mulan's heroism.
is a fictional character from the medical drama television series Grey's Anatomy, which airs on ABC in the United States.
The character was played by Mammootty in four films so far.
Edgar Stiles is a fictional character played by Louis Lombardi in the American television series 24.
Colonel Sir Aubrey Herbert, but later also reflected T.E.
Doc subsequently appeared solo in six more cartoons.
In the first seven seasons of Family Guy, Cleveland is a frequently recurring character.
She made her debut screen appearance in the pilot episode "In The Hands Of Giants Pt 1", which was broadcast on 28 August 2007.
Portrayed by Sophia Bush, she is a detective in the Intelligence Unit of the Chicago Police Department.
Since Candide is wanted for the murders of the two Portuguese, he is forced to leave her in Buenos Aires.
While Mark Henn served as Simba's supervising animator as a cub, Ruben A. Aquino animated the character as he appears as an adult.
Oscar San Juan Martinez is a fictional character from the US mockumentary-style television series The Office played by Cuban actor Oscar Nunez.
Many found it objectionable that he was played on screen by Caucasian actors in yellowface.
He was also named by UGO.com as one of The 100 Best Heroes of All Time.
In the eighth season finale, Robert departs from the company after David Wallace purchases Dunder Mifflin.
During the Revolution, he became the first US Postmaster General.
Shakima "Kima" Greggs is a fictional character on the HBO drama The Wire, played by actress Sonja Sohn.
Sherman is a jolly, kind hearted science teacher at Welman College.
Knight was played by Australian actor Rick Springfield in the movie, and by Canadian actor Geraint Wyn Davies in the series.
The show had a life span of 15 years with 6 episodes, 3 movies and 11 skits.
He starts a feud with fullback Tim Riggins, after almost having sex with Riggins' girlfriend Tyra Collette.
Max made his first appearance in the Roswell pilot episode and remained a core character throughout the three seasons of the show.
Detective Axel Foley is a fictional character, portrayed by Eddie Murphy, and is the protagonist of the Beverly Hills Cop film series.
The puppet used for Granny Bird is a spare Big Bird puppet, and Caroll Spinney provides her voice.
Subsequently, Murphy is transformed into the cyborg entity RoboCop by the megacorporation Omni Consumer Products.
Although nameless in Shelley's novel, the creature is often referred to by his creator's surname, "Frankenstein".
Deep Throat is a fictional character on the American science fiction television series The X-Files.
Ford will reprise his role in the upcoming sequel Blade Runner 2049.
The Mr. Men and Little Miss characters frequently reappeared in other characters' books.
Stewart-Jarrett left the show in the fourth episode of the fourth series when the character was killed off.
He writes crime thrillers, but is quite weak and nervous in real life.
He first appears in the sixth season, where he is the Coordinating Director of Emerging Regions for the Sabre Corporate headquarters in Florida.
Madicken is a fictional character created by the Swedish author Astrid Lindgren.
He serves as the ambassador for the Hilltop and frequently searches for new recruits.
The characters go on to create a family unit.
He is famous in Hindu mythologies for his legendary conflicts with sage Visvamitra.
Like all other band members of Gorillaz, she was created in 1998 by Damon Albarn and Jamie Hewlett.
many paternal grandchildren, such as Jia Baoyu, Jia Lian, 3 of the 4 "Springs"
Her first video appearance was The Best of Elmo; she then appeared in the videos Do The Alphabet and Big Bird Sings!.
Jamie Chung replaces Aoki in the 2014 expansion, Sin City: A Dame to Kill For.
La is a character in Edgar Rice Burroughs's series of Tarzan novels.
She debuted on-screen in the first episode of Crownies broadcast on 14 July 2011.
In the Vaishnavism tradition of Hinduism, he is presented as a sage with devotion to Lord Vishnu.
Ras has perfected techniques of transplanting brains, which he uses to provide rich elderly Martians with youthful new bodies for a profit.
In BBC Radio 4's 2009-10 adaptation of the Karla trilogy, Sachs was played by Maggie Steed.
Lady Wang is a character in the classic Chinese novel Dream of the Red Chamber.
Thomas Montgomery "Tom" Haverford, born Darwish Sabir Ismael Gani, is a character on the series Parks and Recreation.
Magua kills Uncas during his attempt to free Cora, and one of Magua's companions stabs Cora, causing her death.
Sommers takes on special high-risk government missions using her superhuman powers.
She shrugs the warning off and performs anyway.
Killed in an explosion to save Monica.
Little is known of Foaly's earlier life.
Guy Self is a fictional character from the BBC medical drama Holby City played by John Michie.
She is partly responsible for the outing of Bill's family as polygamists at the end of season one.
Masters is portrayed by American actress Amber Tamblyn.
Also, The Southeast Asian country of Laos and the Thai city of Lopburi were both named after him.
They remember a ski trip they shared.
Miki Saegusa, played by Megumi Odaka, is a recurring fictional character from the Heisei series of Godzilla films.
Bea is the centric character in Wentworth until her exit at the end of Season 4.
Kami is a character on Takalani Sesame and Sesame Square, the respective South African and Nigerian versions of the children's television program Sesame Street.
She is a highly precocious six and a half year old girl who has a passion for reading books.
Other versions of the Queen appear in "Snow White" derivative works, and the character has also become an archetype for unrelated works of fiction.
Jordan Collier is a fictional character on the USA Network science fiction television series The 4400.
As a pativratha without parallel, Gandhari is regarded as an epitome of virtue, and is among the most respected moral forces in the epic.
Pete is the oldest continuing Disney character, having debuted three years before Mickey Mouse in the cartoon Alice Solves the Puzzle.
She is the most critically acclaimed character of the franchise, while the television character has drawn real-life attention surrounding fashion and her love life.
Vegas' character is far from sympathetic, however.
Louis was the first human being to make contact with the Trinoc species.
Between the middle of season 9 and the end of season 11, he appeared in every episode, with the exception of "418/427" from season 11.
Fantine is a fictional character in Victor Hugo's 1862 novel Les Misérables.
They often helped when she was bullied at school, where she received the nickname "Gross-out".
Fearless Photog is a character created for Masters of the Universe toyline.
Morpheus  is a fictional character in The Matrix franchise.
Searching without her help, he eventually discovers that her lover is the town minister, Arthur Dimmesdale.
His role in the different narratives varies, ranging from a rampaging monster to a tragic antihero.
Si Xingfang holds the position of "Great General Who Protects the Empire" in Fang La's rebel state.
Gilligan, affectionately called "Little Buddy" by the "Skipper", is the bumbling, dimwitted, accident-prone first mate of the SS Minnow.
Her first appearance is in Touch the Dark, the first book in the series.
When he first arrived, he explained that his real name is Montague, but he was usually called Duck because everyone said that he waddled.
By the late 1920s, with the arrival of sound cartoons, Felix's success was fading.
Scooter is a fictional character in the Gobots toyline, and the subsequent Challenge of the GoBots cartoon where he was voiced by Frank Welker.
The fact that in the original line and accompanying cartoon's run, the character was very seldom used, added to the mystery surrounding him even further.
Herbert West is a fictional character created by H. P. Lovecraft for his short story "Herbert West—Reanimator", first published in 1922.
Skyler White is a fictional character in Breaking Bad, where she is portrayed by Anna Gunn.
He has a quiet manner and slightly nerdish tendencies.
The writers incorporated the quirky personalities of actresses Reese Witherspoon, Natalie Portman and Amy Poehler into the character.
Before 1948, Beale began to time travel into the future where she helped change the outcome of people's lives for the better.
His appearance has been described by film critic Roger Ebert as a cross between a toad and the Cheshire Cat.
Carroll characterised her as "loving and gentle", "courteous to all", "trustful", and "wildly curious".
Pluto, known as Bruton in the English dubbed 1980 Astro Boy television series, is a fictional character created by Osamu Tezuka.
She always appears in the clothes she was wearing when she died, which change subtly depending on her state of mind.
Your master, having rebelled against the king, will have his body broken and his bones powdered.
He is voiced by Phil Cornwell and was created by Damon Albarn and Jamie Hewlett.
Allison Taylor is a fictional character portrayed by Cherry Jones on the TV series 24.
He is depicted as an extreme traditionalist, against political and social decay, and a staunch defender of the Roman Republic.
Kubera fled to Devaloka where he was charged by Indra, the King of the Devas, to manage his treasury.
The role earned Schiff the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series in 2000.
In the same month, CCTV America filed a report on Tuzki, that talks about how Tuzki "takes over amid social media buzz".
The Beast is a fictional character who appears in Walt Disney Animation Studios' 30th animated feature film Beauty and the Beast.
He appeared much less often after that.
He was played by Mark McManus until his death in June 1994, with the last episode featuring Taggart being broadcast in January 1995.
Governor Wilhuff "Grand Moff" Tarkin, is a fictional character in the Star Wars franchise, first portrayed by Peter Cushing in the 1977 film Star Wars.
It ran for 67 episodes over four seasons, from 1994 to 1999.
referred to the addition of Walter as "an inspired choice".
Kreia makes no more appearances in Star Wars fiction, though a miniature by Wizards of the Coast was released in August 2008.
He is a boy who lives on the streets of Paris.
In the films he was portrayed by actor Tony Giorgio.
When that pilot fell through, Sue became a starring role.
This condition was written into the show, and Elcar's character also develops the disease.
The novel's protagonist, Santos Luzardo, is a llanos-born lawyer from Caracas who returns to his native land on a short trip to assess his family's landholdings.
At first he spoke with a high-pitched squawk reminiscent of a stereotypical cartoon parrot, but soon adopted another voice based on that of Ed Wynn.
As a challenge handshake authentication protocol, Seraph is effectively a login screen that fights the user to authenticate their identity.
The character later appeared in a series of books and many other licensed products.
Along with his maternal uncle Kripa, Ashwatthama is believed to be a living survivor of the Kurukshetra War.
Cummings continues to voice Pooh to this day.
She is a spy for Cardinal Richelieu and is one of the dominant antagonists of the story.
He is a police inspector who becomes, over the course of the novel, obsessed with the pursuit and punishment of the escaped convict Jean Valjean.
Romo Lampkin is a fictional character in the television remake of Battlestar Galactica.
He is a migrant who has recently arrived in Bristol, and is unused to the change in climate, and the British way of life.
Booth became one of the best-known villains in cinema.
Louise Jefferson was a supporting character, portrayed by Emmy Award-winning actress Isabel Sanford, who appeared first on the television series All in the Family.
In the episode "Revelations", Colin met who he thought were his birthparents but it turned out they were doubles.
Aside from the animated shorts, Felix starred in a comic strip beginning in 1923, and his image soon adorned merchandise such as ceramics, toys and postcards.
The character was also featured in a made-for-television sequel, entitled True Grit: A Further Adventure, made in 1978.
Thus, Ælfwine is given as the author of the various translations in Old English that appear in The History of Middle-earth Series.
The dog was originally a small terrier drawn by W. W. Denslow for the first edition of the Wizard of Oz.
She has an affair with Earl Fitzherbert, the earl of Aberowen, who sends her away to London when she becomes pregnant.
Meadow Mariangela Soprano, played by Jamie-Lynn Sigler, is a fictional character on the HBO TV series The Sopranos.
She is portrayed by Canadian actress and model Tricia Helfer.
Angel Investigations is a fictional detective agency run by the title character Angel previously on the WB television series Angel.
When the show started he and his partner Rachel Goldstein were the two original main characters in the show.
Lieutenant General Michael James Holden is a fictional character from the Lifetime television series Army Wives, portrayed by Brian McNamara.
Crocodile Dundee II is a 1988 Australian-American adventure and comedy film.
Roger's personas have become a major plot device, with his myriad alter egos frequently being the subject or facilitator of an episode's main story or subplot.
Bana then brought his magic powers to bear and secured him.
Skarsgård went on to reprise the role in The Avengers, Thor: The Dark World, and Avengers: Age of Ultron.
Fausto Dominick 'Nick' Geraci Jr. is a central character in the Mark Winegardner novels The Godfather Returns and The Godfather's Revenge.
At 15, he falls in love with his father's mistress.
Deadwood Dick is a fictional character who appears in a series of stories, or dime novels, published between 1877 and 1897 by Edward Lytton Wheeler.
Ravana is the primary antagonist in the ancient Hindu epic Ramayana where he is depicted as Rakshasa the Great king of Lanka.
In original broadcast order, Grandma appears in even more episodes before the story of "Move And You're Dead" is aired.
In the third season of the TV series, Mona gains a partner who eventually takes control from her.
At one point, he sabotages the Park Keeper by planting Hattifatteners in his garden, causing them to grow and drive him out.
Along with Sheldon Cooper, Leonard Hofstadter, and Raj Koothrappali, Howard is one of the only characters to appear in every episode of The Big Bang Theory.
Adele is characterised as a "outgoing and friendly" person who plays up to the "good-time girl" stereotype.
George is a supporting character who appeared in various adaptations of the BBC sitcom Blackadder, played by Hugh Laurie.
He is responsible for picking up containers of smuggled goods from the port and taking them to The Greek's front warehouse to be fenced.
She even encouraged Lakshmana to accompany Rama and serve him during his exile.
Alex Cross is a fictional character created by author James Patterson.
Show producers created a May-December romance for Zoe in early 2014 with porter Max Walker.
She was replaced by Rose McGowan, who played the long-lost younger half-sister Paige Matthews.
Introduced in 2000's A Storm of Swords, Oberyn is the younger brother of Doran Martell, from the fictional kingdom of Westeros.
He is often approached by his old schoolmate, who is currently a detective, to solve seemingly supernatural and impossible cases.
Chuck Jones, the creator, has discussed the efforts to maximize the kitten's sheer adorableness.
Cameron is a fictional character on the Fox television series Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles which is a spin-off of the Terminator film franchise.
She is played by actress Tanya Roberts.
The character is voiced by American actress and singer Donna Murphy in her voice-acting debut, prior to which she was predominantly known as a stage actress.
Ilavida bore Vishrava a son, Kubera, the Lord of Wealth and the original ruler of Lanka.
Cyrene is a fictional character in the television series Xena: Warrior Princess.
The assisted suicide storyline proved controversial, though the Elliot-centric Christmas episode was generally well received by critics.
The name is used as a satirical literary device and a political caricature to underscore negative qualities such as morbid obesity and corruption.
The film's version of the Queen has also become a popular archetype that influenced a number of artists and non-Disney works.
The show's executive producer David X. Cohen has described Brannigan as "half Captain Kirk, half actual William Shatner".
In 2015, a compilation of the first two games was released for Microsoft Windows through Steam, by Retroism, the video game software subsidiary of Tommo.
Kylo Ren is also the master of the Knights of Ren, and a commander for the First Order, an organization spawned from the fallen Galactic Empire.
Ahilāvati was a female character in the famous epic Mahābhārata.
Tory Foster is a fictional character from the 2004 TV series Battlestar Galactica, portrayed by Rekha Sharma.
He also played left half for Brentford.
Henry Jones Sr is professor, speaker, and author.
March's performance has been much lauded, and earned him his first Academy Award.
Minnie Mouse is a funny animal cartoon character created by Ub Iwerks and Walt Disney.
Oscar and Grundgetta, as stated by Oscar and Gordon's sister Olivia, have been friends for "a very long time".
His partner, and source of much strife, is Lieutenant Randy Disher.
It is strongly implied that he was sexually abused by Bug's father, even though Bug's father seemed helpful when returning from prison.
Shwayne Booth Jr., known as S.mouse, is a fictional character from the Australian mockumentary television series, Angry Boys.
Barbie is the figurehead of a brand of Mattel dolls and accessories, including other family members and collectible dolls.
Walkinshaw reprised his role in Casualty for the 30th anniversary episode "Too Old for This Shift", which aired on 27 August 2016.
Though her character was never directly replaced, her departure roughly coincided with Mary McDonnell's first appearance as Sharon Raydor.
Percy lives on the Island of Sodor with many other locomotives, including Thomas the Tank Engine, Gordon the Big Engine and Henry the Green Engine.
Charlotte's well-intentioned interference in her husband's investigations gives Pitt access to information which enables him to solve the case.
The book also inspired other novels with biblical settings and was adapted for the stage and motion picture productions.
Ellen makes her debut in the premiere episode, "The Inheritance" and her last appearance in the mid-fourth season episode, "Timmy's Family".
The following is a list of character summaries from the FX Networks television series, The Shield.
The fight was intense in all directions, and Siva caused a mighty fever with three heads and three legs.
However, this changes in the second series after he becomes a victim of a subdural hematoma and, as a result, becomes more vulnerable.
She is a wise Polish noblewoman, by the will of her grandfather engaged to Andrzej Kmicic.
Following film appearances and an elevation to damehood in the 1970s, the character evolved to "Housewife and Superstar", then "Megastar" and finally "Gigastar".
She was a Physical oceanography being chief science officer and the chief medical officer on board seaQuest
Cicciobello is an Italian doll produced by Giochi Preziosi.
Her main relationships were with Henrik, friendship with registrar Greg Douglas and a feud with consultant cardiothoracic surgeon Jac Naylor.
This is a list of characters from the police drama The Bill ordered alphabetically by character surname.
Maz Kanata is a fictional character in the Star Wars franchise.
However, later in the series, he would attempt to get back together with Nancy.
Peter Zachary "Pete" Miller is a fictional character on the U.S. comedy television series The Office.
Paul was portrayed by Kyle MacLachlan in David Lynch's 1984 film adaptation, and by Alec Newman in the 2000 Dune miniseries and its 2003 sequel.
Initially, Lana is characterized as the intelligent "girl next door".
In the first three seasons, she acts as Walter's lab assistant but also takes personal care of him.
Holly Holliday is a recurring fictional character from the Fox musical comedy-drama series Glee.
Professor Maximillian P. Arturo is a fictional character on the science fiction television show Sliders.
Lady Margot Fenring is a fictional character from the Dune universe created by Frank Herbert.
The character of Angela Vidal made her first appearance in the film REC which was remade in the United States as the 2008 film Quarantine.
She first appeared in the fifteenth series episode "Push the Button", broadcast on 22 January 2013.
Kurt Barlow is a fictional character and main antagonist of Stephen King's 1975 horror novel, 'Salem's Lot.
Maleficent is the antagonist of Walt Disney's 1959 film Sleeping Beauty.
In the television series, the surname was changed to Chadway, and the role was assumed by Vanessa A. Williams.1
FBI Special Agent Fox William Mulder is a fictional character in the Fox science fiction-supernatural television series The X-Files, played by David Duchovny.
His last name is based on the word "skeleton".
At this point, Lawson's voice has developed a slight vibrato.
He serves as the titular protagonist in the Imran Series novels.
Pope is a Washington, D.C.-based crisis manager who runs her own firm, Pope & Associates, that specializes in political situations.
Gaffney came to Giardello requesting that Bayliss shut down the website which promoted bisexuality and Buddhism amongst other things or be subject to disciplinary action.
Noah Bennet, also known as the man in horn-rimmed glasses or simply Mr. Bennet, is a character from the NBC drama Heroes played by Jack Coleman.
Thus, asuras started adorning the body of a deceased with perfumes, garlands and ornaments.
The character was created by writer Robert Kirkman and artist Tony Moore, and debuted in The Walking Dead #2 in 2003.
Pete is Angus MacGyver's best friend and boss at both the Department of External Services and the Phoenix Foundation.
He is also the main antagonist of the Goosebumps movie.
Although he can say normal words at times, such as " Bye-bye."
Much of the show's action takes place in Jerry's apartment located at 129 West 81st Street, apartment 5A.
Actually Malyavan was the elder brother of Ravana's actual maternal grandfather Sumali and once used to be the former king of Lanka, later Ravana reconquered it.
His first published appearance was "The Shadow Kingdom" in Weird Tales.
However, once the ruse of Chong Heihu was successful, Chong Yingbiao would be beheaded -- along with his father.
She is currently a private investigator running a private investigation agency with her husband Wayne Rigsby.
The character has been received favorably with television critics.
Godzilla is a fictional giant monster originating from a series of tokusatsu films of the same name from Japan.
In the events of Eagle Day, he was fifteen years old.
Donald Francis "Don" Draper is a fictional character and the protagonist of AMC's television series Mad Men, portrayed by Jon Hamm.
Timon is one of the few characters whose name has no meaning in Swahili; Timon is a historical Greek name, taken to mean "he who respects".
He is adored by Sally, a rag doll created by Dr. Finklestein.
She was portrayed by the actress Darien Takle.
Zhou Cang is a fictional character in Luo Guanzhong's historical novel Romance of the Three Kingdoms.
He is the muscle of the team, and usually storms in when a suspect requires apprehending physically.
Captain William Bush RN is a fictional character in C. S. Forester's Horatio Hornblower series.
Andress referred to the Dr. No bikini as the "secret of her success".
Simba is a fictional character who appears in Disney's The Lion King franchise.
After establishing herself as a powerful and relentless ruler, she sails for her homeland of Westeros, bent on reclaiming the Seven Kingdoms.
Sophia also becomes a resident of the Alexandria Safe-Zone and later the Hilltop Colony.
A. Jance, centered on the small desert town of Bisbee, Arizona.
Sun Wukong, however, is crafty and has ever better tactics for subduing his enemies.
She is a tricoteuse, a tireless worker for the French Revolution, and the wife of Ernest Defarge.
She is sometimes called "Fracture" for trademark purposes.
In the American version the character's surname is changed to 'Norris' and she is portrayed by Gretchen Mol.
Kanva is also the name of a founder of a Vedic shakha,
The series is one of three interrelated shows about rural characters produced by Paul Henning.
He is 6 ft tall, tan, fit, and lives a life of leisure thanks to a trust fund set up by his father.
stands for "Agents' Undercover Network to Investigate Evil", parodying the "U.N.C.L.E."
In the first comic strip story the Hattifatteners appear, although they are not mentioned by that name, and Moomin says that they are his "poor relations".
Sinhabahu is a legendary king of ancient India, mentioned in Sri Lankan texts.
As Simba's queen, Nala has a daughter, Kiara, whose story is explored in The Lion King: Simba's Pride.
The intention was that Adam would be different from Tom; the producers wanted a character who was a husband with an MI6 background.
In both the novels and television series, Sharpe encountered many characters, some real and some fictional.
Since then, they added her permanent replacement Rebecca Howe, a businesswoman played by Kirstie Alley, in the sixth season.
In series 2, she runs her own private security firm.
He is later arrested in Panama and imprisoned in Penitenciaría Federal de Sona in the second-season finale.
He is one of the last emperors of the Galactic Empire.
He is a four-legged dinosaur with a horn on his head and large ears.
She was wife of Kaikeyi's son and Rama's younger brother Bharata.
Detective Constable/Detective Sergeant/Detective Inspector/Detective Chief Inspector Endeavour Morse GM is the eponymous fictional character in the series of detective novels by British author Colin Dexter.
Reviews of the show would often focus on Ben's mysterious motives.
There are differences in appearance—the Energizer Bunny wears sunglasses, has larger ears, is a different shade of pink, and has a different body shape.
Henry appeared only rarely in the Ramona series, as a supporting character.
Roland "Prez" Pryzbylewski is a fictional character on the HBO drama The Wire, played by actor Jim True-Frost.
Once Leizhenzi returned to his father, he would receive a golden rod as his weapon and would be instructed to finally assist his father.
FBI Deputy Director Avery Ryan, Ph.D. is a fictional character portrayed by Patricia Arquette.
Tess Struan is a character in the James Clavell novels Tai-Pan and Gai-Jin.
The name is somewhat alliterative and is inspired by Yosemite National Park.
Chong Yingbiao a character featured within the famed classic Chinese novel Fengshen Yanyi.
He acts cocky and arrogant around the male cats, and mischievously calls to the females.
Natalie was hence introduced in the role of Monk's assistant to fill in the void left by Schram's departure.
The list only contains characters that appeared in five or more episodes.
They are sold with accompanying books told from the viewpoint of the girls.
The character made its debut in the novel Old Firehand.
Julian Kestrel is a fictional character in a four book mystery series by Kate Ross.
Matthew "Matt" Saracen is a fictional character in the NBC/DirecTV television drama series Friday Night Lights portrayed by the actor, Zach Gilford.
Herr Flick is an officer of the Gestapo, the Nazi secret police during World War II.
In The Likely Lads Terry works with friend Bob Ferris as an electrician at Ellison's Electricals, before joining the British Army.
Schnappi das kleine Krokodil is a German children's cartoon character.
She was one of Jack's closest and most trusted allies at CTU as well as one of his closest friends outside of work.
Patty enters a shop where Ellen and her daughter are happily looking at goodies.
He appeared regularly, albeit much older, in the Sunday-only Opus.
Alex Russo and Justin Russo are the only characters to appear in every episode of the series.
Lieutenant Junior Grade Felix Gaeta is a fictional character on Battlestar Galactica played by Alessandro Juliani.
Brewster's final episode as a main cast member on the show was on the May 16, 2012 episode "Run".
Irulan has also appeared in all film and television adaptations of Herbert's Dune works.
In the film, the character was played by Christopher Lee.
In fact, I think he is a demigod from heaven.
Little My is a character in the Moomin series of books by Tove Jansson.
Introduced in the 2015 film Star Wars: The Force Awakens, she is a CGI character voiced and performed through motion capture by Lupita Nyong'o.
There are a few more hints about her actual age.
After hints were given regarding her character's sexuality, actress Olivia Wilde confirmed that her character is indeed bisexual.
He subsequently appeared in Martin's A Clash of Kings, A Storm of Swords and A Feast for Crows.
After Jack and five others are rescued, she forms a relationship with James "Sawyer" Ford.
He is sort of a strongman succumbed to lack of exercise, despite doing most of the physical work on the island or making Gilligan do it.
Hayley Dreamsmasher Smith is a character from the animated television series American Dad!.
Buy More is a fictional big-box electronics retail chain in NBC's action-comedy series Chuck.
The current universe, in this mythology, is asserted to be ruled by the 7th Manu named Vaivasvata.
In 2003, the American Film Institute ranked him the second greatest film hero of all time.
Emily Rebecca Thorne is a fictional character and the main protagonist of the ABC television series Revenge, portrayed by Emily VanCamp.
His best known phrase is "Bork bork bork".
Her actions have led to the deaths of two people associated with SAMCRO as well as the kidnapping of Abel Teller.
He eventually loses Anakin in a podracing bet with Qui-Gon Jinn when he bets on a competitor, Sebulba, who is defeated by Anakin.
His likeness is displayed in several statues across North America.
UGO.com named him one of the best TV nerds.
He is a bookbinder and has the ability to bring fictional characters to life in the "real world" by reading aloud from books.
Lorenzo the cat has his own YouTube channel and Facebook.. Lorenzo modeling has been featured on the Today Show website and Associated Press.
Kovacs' own description of his character was, "He's a beautiful soul who hasn't quite made it over the line into this rude, virile world."
As she grows older, Joanie becomes best friends with the promiscuous Jenny Piccalo, who is only referred to but not revealed onscreen until Season 8.
During the show's run, the characters of House and Wilson have been compared to Sherlock Holmes and Dr Watson.
Jatayu is a fan of Baikuntha Mallick, a teacher in Athenium Institution, Kolkata, who is also a poet.
However he is thwarted by his rival, Jan Skrzetuski, a Polish nobleman, who forces the matron, Princes Kurcewicz to promise him Helena's hand, with Helena's approval.
He pioneered and was first president of The Academy and College of Philadelphia which opened in 1751 and later became the University of Pennsylvania.
Initially intended to appear in only one episode, she was brought back at fan request for several episodes of the first season.
Conor Larkin is a fictional character and the chief protagonist in Leon Uris' novel, Redemption.
Ojo is a Munchkin who lived with his uncle, Unc Nunkie in the Blue Forest, a remote location in the north of the Munchkin Country.
Billy was among the first to deduce that Roslin was dying of cancer.
Sofia Boutella plays a female version of the character named Ahmanet in the 2017 remake.
Taiyi means "primordial unity of yin and yang" and Zhenren is a Daoist term for "Perfected Person".
John Shuttleworth is a fictional singer-songwriter and radio presenter, created by English comedy actor and musician Graham Fellows in 1986.
Witch Hazel is an animated cartoon character in the Warner Bros. Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies series of cartoons.
Once Kobol was discovered, Elosha joined Roslin's rogue-fleet of separatists and landed on Kobol to search for the legendary Tomb of Athena.
Jordan McDeere is a fictional character on the United States television series Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip, played by Amanda Peet.
Hanssen sometimes also appears in Holby City's sister show Casualty.
Feluda first made his appearance in a Bengali children's magazine called Sandesh in 1965, under the editorialship of Satyajit and Subhas Mukhopadhyay.
Piper Halliwell is a fictional character from the American television series Charmed, played by Holly Marie Combs from October 7, 1998 until May 21, 2006.
In Rocky, Creed essentially cleans out his division of serious challengers and magnanimously decides to fight rookie contender, Balboa, for the fan spectacle.
The team consists of Buffy Summers and her friends and colleagues who assist her in her duties as the Slayer.
Nigel's spelling is extremely uneven, a feature found endearing by fans.
Each time, she also takes home many valuable gifts of clothing, money, food, family remedies, and livestock.
Chan Ho-Nam is the protagonist of the Hong Kong Manhua series "古惑仔Teddyboy" which later was adapted into a film series titled "Young and Dangerous".
Chuck lives in the fictional town of Riverdale, and is the friend of Archie Andrews, Betty Cooper, Jughead Jones, and other students at Riverdale High School.
She sustained life-threatening injuries after an aviation accident, in the eighth-season finale, which ultimately ended in her death.
Clarke Peters played Rawlins in a BBC radio dramatisation of Black Betty.
McGruff campaigns continued over the years to cover topics such as child abduction, anti-drug messages, and anti-bullying campaigns.
Perhaps she appreciates Baoyu's following his own heart, such as loving Lin Daiyu openly and publicly.
He is one of the series' most popular villains and the main antagonist of the Night of the Living Dummy saga.
As of season 4, she is an officer with the Intelligence Unit.
Roger Gaffney is a fictional police officer of the Baltimore Police Department on Homicide: Life on the Street.
Together with his wife Sarah and his daughter Laura, his family seems to be perfect.
Her nephew, Jason Haynes, has Asperger syndrome and Serena takes over his care.
He had Jhalli as mahamantri of his great kingdom.
His father was a gamekeeper on a landed estate and Pitt was educated alongside the son of the house.
As a character, Phineas has received positive critical response, with one reviewer describing him and his brother as a "comical pairing."
Hubie and Bertie represent some of animator Chuck Jones' earliest work that was intended to be funny rather than cute.
Børge Jensen is a character from Olsen Gang and is son of Kjeld Jensen and Yvonne Jensen.
Zhao Qi is a character featured within the famed classic Chinese novel Fengshen Yanyi.
Introduced in 2000's A Storm of Swords, Daario Naharis is the commander of the Stormcrows from the continent of Essos.
The songs appear on the series' soundtrack albums and EPs.
The writers try to let Mahone inhabit a gray area, shifting the audience's sympathy for the character.
This is list of all main and recurring characters of BBC television's sitcom 'Allo 'Allo!.
An eternal optimist, he rarely runs into major personal problems.
I have always had a 'thing' for princesses so I stuck a princess in the book just for kicks... and VOILÀ!
", with the exception of "Still Life" from season six and "The Greater Good" from season fifteen.
Tom Shales of The Washington Post called House "the most electrifying character to hit television in years".
A feature film was set to be released; however, discussions ended over a contract dispute with Fox.
Jessica is renowned as one of the most well known sex symbols in animation.
During the 1980s, she worked in the Naval Intelligence Service and spent seven months and nine days at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
Stuart Alan Jones is a fictional character from the Channel 4 drama series Queer as Folk, portrayed by Aidan Gillen.
"The Grouch" aptly describes his misanthropic interaction with the other characters, but also refers to his species.
Guy departed in the nineteenth series episode "Song of Self – Part Two", broadcast on 15 November 2016.
She went through a similar hard time when Tom was alleged to have been a rogue officer.
His difficulties with school were later attributed to dyslexia.
Zorro is the secret identity of Don Diego de la Vega, a fictional character created in 1919 by pulp writer Johnston McCulley.
In a flashforward, his only daughter Summer, marries Seth.
He reprises this incarnation in 1999's Mickey's Once Upon a Christmas.
Reeser was promoted to series regular for the fourth season in light of cast member Mischa Barton's departure.
Like his father, Dirk is a lifelong classic car enthusiast, instantly recognizing a Duesenberg in his father's collection when they first meet.
Since then, Colasanto's replacement Woody Harrelson joined the cast as Woody Boyd in the fourth season of Cheers.
Sandra Corleone is a fictional character appearing in Mario Puzo's novel The Godfather, the Godfather film trilogy, and the Godfather video game.
Pal then appeared with the stage name "Lassie" in six other MGM feature films through 1951.
Officially, Gaspard and Lisa are "neither dogs nor rabbits" but their exact species is not clear.
Zaphod Beeblebrox  is a fictional character in the various versions of the humorous science fiction story The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams.
Later in the film, the Chief engineers the kidnapping of the Beatles' friend and comrade, the "Nowhere Man" Jeremy Hilary Boob.
Despite her criminality, Nancy is portrayed as a sympathetic figure, whose concern for Oliver overcomes her loyalty to Sikes and Fagin.
The books' simple stories, with brightly coloured, boldly drawn illustrations, made them very popular, with sales of over 100 million worldwide across 28 countries.
Cautioned by Madame Giry against speaking out, he is later found strangled and hanging from the stage rafters during a performance, throwing the audience into chaos.
He was conceived during the seventh-inning stretch of a Cleveland Indians game.
Nibbles was later featured in the 1949 Academy Award-winning short The Little Orphan.
Drupada, also known as Yajnasena, is a character in the Mahābhārata.
Simon Joyner is a fictional character from the Australian drama series City Homicide, played by Daniel MacPherson.
He returned to the academy and, while on a history research trip to London, interrupted a kidnapping attempt on the royal family.
The Patchwork Girl of Oz reports that Jinjur is a talented painter who helps to restore her old nemesis, the Scarecrow.
Du är inte klok Madicken is about a 7-year-old middle class girl, during World War I.
The story was probably also inspired by the life of Joshua Hill, a real-life American dictator of Pitcairn in the 1830s.
He has difficulty dealing with his current state and has created a fantasy world to cope with his situation.
John Cage is a fictional character in the television show Ally McBeal, played by Peter MacNicol.
He employs a number of enforcers and has personally killed rivals and associates.
Also, before coming of Soviet tiblas he changed his name to Jaan in 1939.
As Ellie was pregnant at the time of her engagement, the engagement is brief.
Her role lasted from 1971 to 1985, from her debut on All in the Family through the final episode of The Jeffersons.
A former girlfriend of FBI Special Agent Don Eppes, she has since become a part of Don's team.
He said in 1979, "The bottom line of the Dune trilogy is: beware of heroes.
Patrick is unemployed and a self-proclaimed expert in the "art of doing nothing".
Violet Gray is a fictional character featured in the long-running syndicated daily and Sunday comic strip Peanuts, created by Charles M. Schulz.
Her character simply resumed the dramatic arc once intended for Thompson's.
Nick Vera was born in the late 1960s.
Oscar is frequently exasperated by the antics of his coworkers and tends to find their humor offensive.
Dirk Lochlin Struan is the fictional main character of James Clavell's 1966 novel Tai-Pan.
He is a mute, cannibalistic serial killer who preys on the titular city's prostitutes, The Girls of Old Town.
Jin-Qua, is a character in James Clavell's novel Tai-Pan.
Le Chiffre is a fictional character appearing in Ian Fleming's 1953 first James Bond novel, Casino Royale.
Willis provides the voice of Ignignokt and Maiellaro provides the voice of Err.
Her anger comes out in extreme cases, such as when a man ill-treats his horse.
Terri was developed by Glee creators Ryan Murphy, Brad Falchuk and Ian Brennan.
The character's death resulted in mixed critical feedback and the reason given for the departure was Leigh's desire to spend more time with her family.
Olivia "Livia" Soprano, played by Nancy Marchand, is a fictional character on the HBO TV series The Sopranos.
The book is written in Guernsey English
She is portrayed by actress Sarah Lancaster.
He is voiced by Seth Green and first appeared on television, along with the rest of the family, in a 15-minute short on December 20, 1998.
This all happens over the course of one day in "Livin' the Dream".
Delamere decided that Colette should not have children to represent independent woman.
Supporting the girls are teachers and other staff from the school,a group of boys from Red Fountain School of Specialists,and the Witches of Cloud Tower.
The character first appeared in the 1972 film Fist of Fury and was portrayed by Bruce Lee.
In imperial China it was considered disrespectful to refer to Thirteenth Aunt as "Siu-kwan", despite her later insistence that Wong Fei-hung do so.
He tells him that he came back to recover some gold which he had buried near his house.
In season seven we learn that Danny has continued seeing Agent Delgado and spending time with her daughter Sofi.
Caffrey was suspected of hundreds of thefts before Agent Peter Burke of the FBI apprehended him.
Premiere magazine also placed Indy at number 7 on their list of The 100 Greatest Movie Characters of All Time.
Katy Moon of Inside Soap branded him an "irresponsible medic", while her colleagues named him a "mischief-maker" and "brash consultant".
Kaufman agreed to appear as Latka in fourteen episodes per season, approximately half of the entire series.
Like Amanda Tanen, Henry shares a last name with a real-life member of Ugly Betty's production staff — writer David Grubstick.
Kuntibhoja raised her as his own daughter and loved her.
He is voiced by and loosely based on series co-creator Trey Parker.
Even king Wu’s mightiest generals such as Nezha and Yang Jian are no match against him.
Janice Soprano Baccalieri, played by Aida Turturro, is a fictional character on the HBO TV series The Sopranos.
John D. Rockerduck is a fictional character from the Duck universe.
He was portrayed by Geoff Pierson in the television series.
Through her eventual diagnosis the show explored stigma attached to the illness and treatment involving lithium.
Serena is portrayed as being candid, professional, manipulative and efficient.
She has won numerous titles at the New Zealand Surf Life Saving Championships.
Criss auditioned for Glee several times before being cast as Blaine, including for the lead role of Finn Hudson.
Williams is shown to be a jock in the beginning of the show.
Within the context of The Transformers, Carly attended MIT and has a gift for chemistry and electronics.
When Ronon Dex and the Atlantis expedition first met in the season 2 episode "Runner", Ronon Dex had been a Runner for the past seven years.
The show has been made by the BBC in conjunction with The Jim Henson Company and features the Miskreant Puppets from Puppet Up!
Battlestar Galactica was remade in the 2000s with a mini-series and a weekly series.
Along the way we learn of Mr. Roth’s lucrative idea to paint hideous monsters — including the Rat Fink of the title — on children’s T-shirts.
This group was also called the "slayerettes."
As the rest of the Starks face grave adversity, Jon finds himself honor bound to remain with the Watch.
He becomes the leader of his own camp of survivors after Woodbury is inactive, which include the Chambler family, Tara and Lilly.
His real name, while not given in the series, is Alex Quartararo.
This has been known to annoy the other engines.
In 1952 he was given his own comic book series, called Uncle Scrooge, which still runs today.
He has a more prominent role in the movie The Plan.
Subsequently Molinaro also played Al's twin brother priest Father Anthony Delvecchio.
The series follows the turbulent lives of the Baudelaire orphans after their parents, Bertrand and Beatrice, are killed in an arsonous structure fire.
Samantha learns that as a result of this abuse, Emily had a son, Randy, who now has cancer so she sought a bone marrow donor.
Chemistry between the two, combined with fan support for the couple, led series co-creator Ryan Murphy to pair them romantically.
He is friends with Jerry Seinfeld, Cosmo Kramer, and Elaine Benes.
Noodle has been voiced by Japanese actress Haruka Kuroda, singer-songwriter Miho Hatori of trip-hop group Cibo Matto, and Talking Heads bassist Tina Weymouth.
Despite this, Tyreese is shown to suffer from emotional fragility, especially after the death of his daughter.
Although initially reluctant to take the job, she and Frasier soon become good friends.
Tiffany Case is a fictional character in the 1956 James Bond novel Diamonds Are Forever and its 1971 film adaptation.
She also develops a romance with protagonist Rick Grimes, which is implied in the comic, but never developed.
She lives in a ruined mansion with her adopted daughter, Estella.
Later in Xena: Warrior Princess she is joined by Gabrielle, a small town bard.
At the start of series 6, Zaf is kidnapped by a band of mercenaries, and his colleagues are left uncertain of his ultimate fate.
Zelenka has since appeared in approximately half of each season's episodes and also appeared in the crossover episode "The Pegasus Project" of Stargate SG-1.
Jackson Nathaniel "Jax" Teller is a fictional character and the protagonist on the FX television series Sons of Anarchy, played by British actor Charlie Hunnam.
Portrayed as Lightning McQueen's best friend and sidekick, he had a breakout role in Cars Toons: Mater's Tall Tales and in other media related to Cars.
He reveals to Dawn that David Brent has "promoted" him to Senior Sales Clerk which includes a raise of 500 pounds.
During the personal Western Foothills campaign of the Grand Old Master Wen Zhong, these four would become an assisting sword of the Shang Dynasty.
Detective Stella Bonasera is a fictional character and a co-protagonist of the CBS crime drama CSI: NY.
Charles Marlow is a fictional English seaman and recurring character in the work of novelist Joseph Conrad.
He was nominated for Nobel Peace Prize for his work in the Sahara crisis, but did not win.
His degree of kinship with Xiahou Dun is uncertain.
Segar in 1936, the character is Popeye's father, who is between the ages of 85 and 99.
The first two books appealed to many readers as a realistic and humorous treatment of the inner life of an adolescent boy.
Corvinus' main activity is solving mysteries and crimes.
Inspector G. Lestrade, or Mr. Lestrade, is a fictional character appearing in several of the Sherlock Holmes stories written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
This episode leads Bobby to leave home.
The character is portrayed by Liz White.
W. Awdry and is one of the central characters in the television series Thomas and Friends, which is based on the books.
Li Tianrun is a fictional character in Water Margin, one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature.
Since then, her career has included parades, four films, and live performances throughout the United States.
Jack Dawkins, better known as the Artful Dodger, is a character in the Charles Dickens novel Oliver Twist.
It is not good for you to rekindle your revenge again."
Figment is described in detail in the Dreamfinder's song "One Little Spark".
[He] has a real story going on."
He was portrayed by series creator Joel Hodgson.
Over time, she struggles to maintain control of her dragons, which grow dangerous.
He subsequently appeared in Martin's A Clash of Kings and A Storm of Swords.
Chester Gould both drew and wrote the comic strip until the year 1977.
Jason Mitchell Street is a fictional character in the NBC/DirecTV television drama Friday Night Lights, portrayed by Scott Porter.
In the 1976 film adaptation, the character was renamed Miss Collins and portrayed by Betty Buckley.
In the novels, she is a point of view character.
She is an airplane pilot and an assassin working for the renegade agent Alec Trevelyan.
Alex Rider is a title character and the protagonist of the popular Alex Rider novel series by British author Anthony Horowitz.
Feluda has had been filmed at times, with the character been played by Soumitra Chatterjee, Sabyasachi Chakrabarty, Abir Chatterjee and Shashi Kapoor.
Three years prior to the main story line, Scarper was in a burglary when he fell through a glass roof.
He is first introduced in the fourth episode of the series, "Love's Labours Lost in Space", in which he plays a major role.
Broxi was later accompanied by his "wife" Roxi and their "son" Boris, although from 2001 Roxi and Boris no longer made any on-field appearances at Ibrox.
The expression guerre picrocholine and the adjective picrocholin have since entered the French language, meaning an absurd conflict with futile motives.
She is the older sister of Linus and Rerun.
He financed his way through college fighting as a middleweight.
Her personality quickly wins them all over and they become friends.
After Vrishtaketu is revived by Krishna, Babruvahana asks Vrishtaketu to forgive him.
Matt later called off their engagement and Bec had a brief relationship with Doug Graham.
He was soon replaced by Tory Foster as Roslin's aide.
McKay was seen in two more episodes of Stargate SG-1 before becoming a main character in Stargate Atlantis which was set in the Pegasus Galaxy.
Series 3 onwards uses CGI for Angry Kid's head, along with live action.
He refused to leave the station when Vorlon hostilities threatened friendly planets.
Sheldon Lee Cooper, Ph.D., Sc.D., is a fictional character in the CBS television series The Big Bang Theory, portrayed by actor Jim Parsons.
He soon grows fond of Rick's son, Carl Grimes.
He appears in the fifth and sixth series of the show,.
Angered by this, Hiranyakashipu decided to gain magical powers by performing a penance for Lord Brahma.
Jellia Jamb is a fictional character from the classic children's series of Oz books by American author L. Frank Baum.
A natural, she quickly becomes a rival to Starbuck.
The books are ghostwritten by a number of authors and published under the collective pseudonym Carolyn Keene.
In the show, she was main character Daria Morgendorffer's best friend and as of the show's final season was aged 18 years.
In these roles, Daisy was always a supporting character, with the exception of Donald's Dilemma.
In Ken Campbell's stage production from 1979, Chris Langham took the part.
This method of delivery - and subsequent medical symptoms - bears a striking resemblance to Tariq's murder.
Mrs. Grouch is the mother of Oscar the Grouch in the long-running American children's television series Sesame Street.
The character was originally devised as "the fantasy girlfriend", and was constructed as an amalgamation of writer Mike Bullen's female friends.
Avon Randolph Barksdale is a fictional character in The Wire, played by Wood Harris.
Evil's henchmen attempts to assassinate Austin Powers in the bathroom stall, Austin Powers grunts and drowns him in a toilet and issues the exchange:
The character has received mixed criticism, being compared unfavorably to similar characters from the series.
The character initially received some negative reviews from critics, deemed "a little drab" by Robert Lloyd of the Los Angeles Times.
A nurse by training, she has become one of the stereotypes of the nurse as a torturer and angel of death.
As a result, neither was permitted to use firearms, instead preferring to use bow and arrows.
He is helped by his energetic and boundlessly cheerful twin Mabel and the Shack's handyman Soos.
Ward and his wife, June, are often invoked as archetypal suburban parents of the babyboomer 1950s.
In Underworld: Endless War, Selene is voiced by Canadian voice actress Laura Harris.
His character is established as a wealthy executive at the corporate headquarters in New York with an opulent home and wife, Rachel, and son.
He is thus responsible for the revelation of the historical Donations of Alexandria in Rome's plot.
2 Fast 2 Furious is the only film in the franchise not to feature the character.
He was created in 1943 by Tex Avery for theatrical cartoon shorts produced by the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer cartoon studio.
Jake has a laid-back attitude in most situations, but loves adventure and will eagerly fight when he needs to.
Mechagodzilla is a fictional mecha that first appeared in the 1974 film Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla as an extraterrestrial villain opposing Godzilla.
The name is translated into English as White Bone Spirit in the William John Francis Jenner translation.
She appears in all of the first four series, as well as the seventh series, and appears in the most episodes.
The role earned Channing the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2002.
In 1999 film she is portrayed by Ruslana Pysanka.
Betty's infatuation with Archie making her strive for his attention using whatever means possible has been one of the longest running themes in the comics.
Ronon Dex is a fictional character in the science fiction television series Stargate Atlantis.
Hindley Earnshaw is a fictional character in Emily Brontë's novel Wuthering Heights.
Stan is one of the show's four central characters, along with his friends Kyle Broflovski, Kenny McCormick and Eric Cartman.
The following is a list of recurring characters from the FX television series It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.
They had two sons - Angada and Chandraketu.
Jesse is the only character besides Walt to appear in every episode of the show.
The character is named after a childhood friend of executive producer Greg Daniels.
In some episodes, Riley and Huey would have a single storyline and in others, the two would each have their own in a single episode.
The character is named after Germain's son.
In Tracy Beaker Returns, she works as a careworker at the Dumping Ground.
He was killed by Lord Rama, an Avatar of Vishnu.
Spoken Klingon has entered popular culture, even to the extent that the works of William Shakespeare and parts of the Bible have been translated into it.
Azazeal is a fictional character in the British television series Hex, played by Michael Fassbender.
This is a list of characters from Blake's 7, a media franchise created by Terry Nation.
Jean-Ralphio Saperstein is a fictional character played by Ben Schwartz in the American comedy television series Parks and Recreation.
The actress originally auditioned for the role of Nicky Nichols in August 2012, but actress Natasha Lyonne was cast instead.
He first appeared in the series fifteen episode "Second Life", broadcast on 23 April 2013.
Before the sixth series finale aired, it was announced that Penry-Jones would leave the series.
Jean-Ralphio's twin sister Mona-Lisa and their obstetrician father are also introduced in later seasons.
Rachel was developed by Glee creators Ryan Murphy, Brad Falchuk and Ian Brennan.
Ruth was played by Nicola Walker from the time the character joined the show in 2003, until Walker left to have a baby in 2006.
His brother Zac was shot down by a Cylon ambush.
Also one of Disney's most iconic characters, Belle was the only animated heroine nominated for the American Film Institute's greatest heroes in film ranking.
The first appearance of the Terminator was as the titular antagonist in The Terminator, a 1984 film directed and co-written by James Cameron.
Dolores Landingham is a character in the television series The West Wing.
He shares a close on-screen friendship with Sophie Wong.
In the season 4 finale "Sanctuary For None: Part 2" It was revealed that Magnus spent the 113 years creating a new Sanctuary.
He is characterized as a sinister character who tried hard to further his own ambitions.
She later suffers a miscarriage and attempts to commit suicide.
Dr. Cooper Freedman is a fictional character on the Grey's Anatomy spin-off, Private Practice.
and also in the 1986 reunion telemovie Return to Mayberry.
Since his first appearance up to Degrassi High, he has been the main focus character and arguably the most popular among the viewers.
Once lying upon the ground, before death, Huang Yuanji gazed at the sky one final time in the name of his sworn lord, Chong Houhu.
His oft-muffled and indiscernible speech—the result of his parka hood covering his mouth—is provided by co-creator Matt Stone.
In the radio, LP and television versions of the story, Arthur is played by Simon Jones.
He is the smartest teenager in Riverdale High School.
In the show, Azula is the crown princess of the Fire Nation and a Firebending prodigy.
According to the official website, Tuzki was born on 6 September 2006.
He is also the on-off boyfriend of Lauren Adams.
Cully suffers a debilitating heart attack however and Lassie is provided a home with Corey Stuart, a Forest Ranger.
Daode Zhenjun is the renowned superiorman of Mount Green Top, Purple Cave.
He spends his nights as a hooded vigilante named the "Arrow" who stops crime in the city.
She is Wang Xifeng's chief maid and personal assistant/confidante, who follows her from the Wang family.
In 1986, a contest was held for children to send in designs for new characters.
Her storylines have seen her marry registrar Joseph Byrne, and develop feelings for consultant Linden Cullen following the death of her son.
Despite the character turning into an antagonist halfway through his appearances, the actor was very proud of the role.
In her teen years, Maxine had run away from home, leaving Louise to care for their mother, causing more resentment of Maxine from Louise.
Recognizably wild-eyed, Moore also became one of Breathed's friends.
The character's name was created by Denis Leary and Peter Tolan, after Leary met a Bronx police officer named Tommy Gavin.
T-Dog was portrayed as a well-intentioned and kindhearted man towards his fellow survivors, although he struggles to prove his worth in the group.
In the television series, the role was assumed by Nicole Ari Parker.
Following the onscreen death of the character's father in Season 10, Gabi Coccio recurrently portrayed a young Ziva in flashbacks.
India is a traditional southern Antebellum "lady" who takes the place of hostess and lady of the house after her mother dies.
Emperor Dagobert IX is a fictional character from Isaac Asimov's Foundation and Empire.
They are respectively voiced by Mr. Lawrence and Jill Talley.
She was also included as one of the best 250 fiction villains ever created.
Lorelai is a single mother of a teenage daughter, Rory.
Rachel is introduced in the pilot episode, where she begins a relationship with Adam Williams.
John Masefield described her in the poem "Mother Carey" in his collection Salt Water Ballads.
He first appeared in the opening credits/theme in the season six episode "Anniversaries", following the departures of cast members Rashida Jones and Rob Lowe.
Over the course of the next weeks, Carter comes to respect Tars Tarkas for his abilities as a warrior and statesman.
Marcie has appeared outside the comic strip, featured in numerous Peanuts television specials, cinematic films, theatrical plays, and video games.
Tess Harding is a fictional character created by Jason Katims for the 1999-2002 American science fiction television series Roswell.
Claire Meade is a fictional character in the American dramedy series Ugly Betty, portrayed by Judith Light.
He wears masks made of human skin and engages in murder and cannibalism, alongside his insane family.
Mahadevan is a commanding officer in the Indian Army, who hold the title Major, he was later promoted to a Colonel.
Carmine Lupertazzi, Sr., played by Tony Lip, is the fictional boss of the Brooklyn-based Lupertazzi crime family on the HBO TV series The Sopranos.
His death also deeply affects the other detectives in the squad, as the reasons for Crosetti's suicide are never explained.
She and partner Frank Holloway were both the original main detectives at the Sydney Water Police.
This restriction is soon abandoned and Roger begins adopting disguises and fictitious personas in order to have a life outside the house.
Helping her aging parents is a particular grind.
Prior to the first episode, she is joined by George Sands and John Mitchell, who are able to see her because of their own supernatural conditions.
Extremely health-conscious, he exercises constantly and eats only healthy foods, hoping to be the first human to reach the age of 150.
Cage is one of only five characters to have appeared as a regular in all five seasons of the show.
She was secretly assigned the task of teaching "the green-eyed devil" Struan civilized ways.
McGruff proved to be a successful campaign with over $100 million in free air time donated in the first year reaching over 50% of adults.
She later on becomes a "believer" after Mulder's abduction at the end of season seven.
A number of other actors have played the character in stage and audio plays, as well as in various film and television productions.
It was later confirmed that all future plans for the show were cancelled following the WB's closure to launch The CW.
After Allingham's death her husband Philip Youngman Carter completed her last Campion book and wrote two more before his own death.
In other versions he is killed by Drona on the 15th day of the war.
She was daughter of King Janaka of Janakpur and his wife Queen Sunaina and also a younger sister of Sita.
Cindy Bear is a cartoon character created by Hanna-Barbera Productions.
Two prominent Number Eight copies serving as Galactica pilots are Sharon Valerii and Sharon Agathon, using the call signs "Boomer" and "Athena", respectively.
However, in the course of the series, he is transformed into a Messianic figure and the foremost spiritual leader of his people.
He was originally a secondary character, but was soon positioned as a lead character when he began surpassing the other characters in popularity.
He was reinstated in "Chuck Versus the Other Guy" as a condition of his turning over the Ring director whom he captured in Paris.
She reappeared in its sequels: The Girl Who Played with Fire, The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets' Nest, and The Girl in the Spider's Web.
The character is named after American economist Andrew Bernard, professor of international economics at the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College.
Due South is a Canadian crime series with elements of comedy.
Wilson is Dr. House's only true friend, and frequently provides him with consultations and aid.
In the beginning of the first season, Morello was in a sexual relationship with Nicky Nichols.
Chase Edmunds is a fictional character on Fox's 24.
Twig is a silent character because, according to the actress who plays her, "talking takes away a bit of the mystery" of fairies.
The idea of Chris as a State Auditor was inspired by real-life reports of government shutdowns amid the global financial crisis.
Unser is ousted as Chief of Police when the city decides to let the county sheriffs taking over policing duties.
Although her personal life is often "disorganised and chaotic", Mo's work life is more structured and she is an excellent doctor.
Rory continued as a recurring character beyond the initial seven episode prize, through the end of the third season.
She is the former girlfriend of Jason Street and Tim Riggins.
Bubbles Yablonsky is the fictional protagonist of the Bubbles series of screwball mysteries by Sarah Strohmeyer.
Patof is a character in the highly successful Canadian children's television series Patofville.
She is part of the cast who appear in all Uuno Turhapuro films and TV series.
The escapee commits suicide just after he kills Moser, and Rex shows almost-human emotion over Moser's body at the hospital.
Shayne Rodrigo is a fictional and protagonist of Sine Novela's elevent installment's Saan Darating Ang Umaga?
In the second season, Doggett's storyline revolves around her friendships with Sam Healy and Carrie "Big Boo" Black.
The role was hurriedly recast, and when Kaufman returned to work for the following episode, he acted as if nothing had happened.
Beaker communicates in a nervous, high-pitched squeak that sounds like "Mee-mee-mee mee".
She had only a limited memory of her father and was always of the belief that he had died when she was very young.
It first appeared in issue 1, dated 4 December 1937, except for one issue, No.
His mother died when he was two years old.
Jessica Beatrice Fletcher is a character and the protagonist portrayed by Award-winning actress Angela Lansbury on the American television series Murder, She Wrote.
She eventually returns his love and marries him.
Allan Quatermain was also the title of a book in this sequence.
This abduction leads to Jia Xichun's decision to become a nun in her place.
She left County General Hospital and the series in Season 3, but returned five seasons later as an attending physician in Season 8.
He makes his second appearance in The Eyes of the Dragon as an evil wizard trying to plunge the fictional medieval city of Delain into chaos.
James Steerforth is a character in the novel David Copperfield by Charles Dickens.
Maggie is initially insecure and depressed, even attempting suicide at one point after her entire family is killed.
Phase 0 of Aramis began in 1969.
Donnithorne, the two of them end up fighting.
McPhee is a Scottish surname, a shorter version of McDuffie.
His behavior is very much in line with a stereotypical oversexed lunkhead or a male-bimbo who gets through life on his good looks.
He appears in the 1965 film adaptation, again as the main antagonist, with Italian actor Adolfo Celi filling the role.
As this ability to talk never appears again, it should perhaps be considered non-canonical.
She is the series' protagonist and also serves as the narrator.
She was assigned to the Earth space station Babylon 5 in the year 2258 to serve as its second resident commercial telepath.
After Doherty departed the series, this attack was revealed to be fatal.
Detective James "Sonny" Crockett is a fictional character from the Miami Vice television series and the 2006 film adaptation.
In Hinduism, Devaki is the daughter of Ugrasena, sister of Kansa, wife of Vasudeva and mother of Krishna.
The Peletiers then joined a camp of survivors.
Tobermory Cat is the name of a fictional celebrity, ginger cat used as an "evolving, interactive artwork" by Scottish artist Angus Stewart.
He appeared in 5 fast-paced, irreverently narrated novels in the 1960s.
Shermy's name was first mentioned on December 18, 1950, making him the last of the original characters to have the name revealed.
In fact, at Curto's funeral, the other mobsters lauded him for being a model "stand up guy".
Initially Taibai Jinxing was the first person from Heaven that was to see Sun Wukong.
Princess Leia Organa of Alderaan is a fictional character in the Star Wars franchise, portrayed in films by Carrie Fisher.
Elena becomes Pack Alpha after Jeremy Danvers steps down.
When Li Gen found Nezha and concluded that he would make a delicious meal for his master, he began to bark at Nezha for his actions.
He marries his cousin, and they subsequently have children and teach them valuable lessons.
After expressing contempt for the householder life, Shuka questioned Janaka about the real need for following the householder path.
Sir Topham Hatt, also known as The Fat Controller, bought Duck from The Other Railway in 1955 to take Percy's place as station pilot at Tidmouth.
He is the Hills' overweight, divorced, and clinically depressed neighbor, voiced by Stephen Root and named for series producer Jim Dauterive.
The story is set in a small-town café in German-occupied France during the Second World War.
"Prometheus Unbound" introduces Vala as a sexy and mischievous human with a Goa'uld background from an unnamed planet.
He became the most popular character in the series, and is the title character in the accompanying television spin-off series, Thomas & Friends.
By the early 1950s, he becomes the assistant Attorney General in New York.
The character is initially referred to as Debbie DiLaguardia; she becomes Debbie Fiderer after a divorce.
Max Headroom is a fictional artificial intelligence character, known for his wit and stuttering, distorted, electronically sampled voice.
He observed real heart surgery being performed in preparation for the role, and bases his portrayal of Elliot on his own father, who was a doctor.
She was also an Amazon Princess and later an Amazon Queen.
As of January 2017, 21 novels have been published, the most recent being Night School.
In character, Suresh also provides many episodes with opening and/or closing dialogue, generally philosophical musings regarding the events that take place during the episode.
Jin-Soo Kwon, better known as "Jin," is a fictional character on the ABC television series Lost played by Daniel Dae Kim.
Adama is the commander of the great military vessel Battlestar Galactica, commander of the refugee fleet, and military commander of the evacuees of the Twelve Colonies.
Vasser was born in San Francisco, California to Frank Vasser, a photographer, who left his wife and family on Christmas Eve 1979 when Dan was seven.
Lieutenant Kate McGregor is a fictional TV character from the show Sea Patrol.
Lochley featured prominently in the first volume of Babylon 5: The Lost Tales entitled "Voices in the Dark", released on DVD in July 2007.
Chen Zhen's story varies in the different remakes and adaptations, but almost each has an ending similar to the original Fist of Fury.
In the Italian comic production he has come to be the central character in comics from time to time.
Mauricio de Sousa, creator of Monica's Gang, says he based the character on a child he knew while growing up in Mogi das Cruzes.
George explained that it was her own decision to leave the show, in response to the assertions that her departure was done to "de-gay" Grey's Anatomy.
Although their daughter is of university age, Annie appears to be a good deal younger than her husband.
In the television series's fourth season, Elena becomes a vampire and deals with the struggles that come with her change.
In the TV series, step-brother to Serena and Eric van der Woodsen.
She first appeared in the sixth season episode "Secrets and Flies", broadcast on November 3, 2005.
When Aladdin was two, his mother was captured by bandits and was presumed dead.
Later, he was replaced with Cool Spot as the brand mascot.
One of her major storylines occurred during the 1998 season, when she was diagnosed with cancer.
Vivian can speak French and has problems with her brother who works at the 43rd Precinct.
She was portrayed by actress Dee Smart.
Morrison described her character at the beginning of the first season as "broken, damaged and worldly".
The Nome King is a fictional character created by American author L. Frank Baum.
In the 1980s, an older and more professional Nancy emerged in a new series, The Nancy Drew Files, that included romantic subplots for the sleuth.
Ross is considered by many to be the most intelligent member of the group and is noted for his goofy, pathetic but lovable demeanor.
In the series, he is the founder, owner and CEO of Xanatos Enterprises and a member of the Illuminati.
The creature is portrayed as a genetically engineered clone of Godzilla spliced with the genes of a rose and a human.
Ernie is a Muppet character on the long-running PBS children's television show, Sesame Street.
Humphrey B Bear is an Australian children's television series and its fictional character namesake is an icon of Australian children's television.
Collins prepared for the role by reading the Book of Revelation, and based his portrayal on his younger brother.
Captain Killian "Hook" Jones is a fictional character in ABC's television series Once Upon a Time.
He goes on to develop a close friendship with Arthur that proves significant to his character development.
There are also video games Torrente: El videojuego and Torrente 3, which were released with the second and third movies, respectively.
Supposedly, the Observers "evolved" beyond bodies into dark-green brains, contained in large Petri dishes.
Just as Blackadder exists in many incarnations throughout the ages, so does Baldrick; whenever there is a Blackadder there is a Baldrick serving him.
De Vries is portrayed by Brad Dourif in David Lynch's 1984 film Dune, and by Jan Unger in the 2000 Dune miniseries.
When Edith apologized for a poor attitude of Archie's, Louise remarked "Henry is no diplomat either".
Her birth name, Euphrasie, is only mentioned briefly.
In the episode in which Zaf is introduced, "The Suffering of Strangers," MI5 officers Fiona Carter and Danny Hunter are being held hostage by terrorists.
His producers exploit him for high ratings and avoid giving him the psychiatric assistance that some think he needs.
William Parry is one of the protagonists in Philip Pullman's trilogy His Dark Materials, along with Lyra Belacqua.
Introduced in the fourth season opener "Herrenvolk", the character remained a recurring presence until the series' finale, "The Truth".
He was introduced in the Miami Vice pilot in 1984 and appeared in every subsequent episode except Season 5's "Borrasca" and in the film.
This is a list of characters from Blake's 7, a media franchise created by Terry Nation.
They are the loving but dim-witted parents of the red-haired tomboy Donna Pinciotti, and Donna's less-frequently seen younger sister, Tina.
Appearing late in the strip's run, Ronald-Ann was presented as a polar opposite of the kind of greedy materialism that the 1980s represented.
Jenny also had a loyal best friend in Bec Gilbert.
Bo and his cousin Lucas "Luke" Duke live in an unincorporated area of the fictional Hazzard County, in Georgia.
He has five children: Marcus and Tabitha from his marriage with Helen Macaulay, adopted children Xavier and Bianca with Taggie, and the illegitimate Perdita.
Carmen Elizabeth Juanita Echo Sky Bravo Cortez is a fictional character in the four Spy Kids films, portrayed by Alexa Vega.
Using the concepts of modern detective stories, the novels portray the world of the Roman Empire under Vespasian.
In the novel, his attempts to force Munro's daughter Cora to become his wife and his hatred of the English lead to his downfall and death.
In the last scene in the episode fellow MI5 officer Ruth Evershed cradles Danny's head in grief and confirms that he is dead.
However, he was called by Secret Intelligence Service and Central Intelligence to infiltrate the Al-Qaeda using his knowledge from the 1980's Mujahideen resistance-assistance to his advantage.
Sharona Fleming is a fictional character in the USA Network television series Monk.
In the film, Lumbergh works with manager Dom Portwood, and consultants Bob Slydell and Bob Porter, to find ways to downsize the company.
Marshall J. Flinkman is a fictional character on the television series, Alias.
He is known for his distinctive orange and black stripes, large eyes, a long chin, a springy tail, and his love of bouncing.
Teri Joseph Carter is a fictional character from Soul Food.
Hob Gadling, also known as Robert, Robbie, or Bobby, is a fictional character from the Sandman comic book series by Neil Gaiman.
Neither Sturgeon nor Vonnegut was yet a successful writer when the two became friends.
He is also well-read in occult matters and has access to several weapons that are especially potent against vampires, werewolves and other supernatural creatures.
On February 21, 2017, Restaurant Brands International announced a deal to buy Popeyes for US$1.8 billion.
Kristine Z. Kochanski is a fictional character from the British science fiction situation comedy Red Dwarf.
The character eventually became the wife of Dick Tracy in the original comic strip.
He appears at the very beginning of the book, in chapter one, wearing a waistcoat, and muttering "Oh dear!
Introduced in Season 6, she works for the Counter Terrorist Unit at Los Angeles, a fictional domestic branch of the Central Intelligence Agency.
Tim Williams is a fictional character on the Australian drama series Tangle.
Sports Night is an American comedy-drama which aired on ABC from September 1998 until May 2000.
Stacy becomes the hospital's lawyer, and she and House grow closer together.
Olli was launched on a party of MTV In Rotterdam in 2004.
The actor made guest appearances as Cliff on St.
Dipper got his nickname from his first career as a pickpocket.
Online labelled her as one of the show's best characters.
His house later became known as the Old Frenchman's Place, and the small settlement as Frenchman's Bend.
Kestrel hired Dipper after he caught Dipper stealing his watch.
Nilkantha Bagchi is an iconic Bengali cinema character that first appeared in 1977 in Ritwik Ghatak's Jukti Takko Aar Gappo.
In the Sunday strip Opus, it is revealed that Binkley had become a eunuch in Tibet after a disastrous first date.
Following the novel's publication, the character appeared in several films, television series and television movies.
Castor Oyl is a fictional character, created in 1920 by cartoonist Elzie Crisler Segar for his comic strip Thimble Theatre, now known as Popeye.
His popularity during this era led to his becoming an American cultural icon, as well as the official mascot of Warner Bros. Entertainment.
His main puppeteer was Paul Smith, who would later go on to a career as a BBC executive.
She lived at 111 Howard Drive in Lawndale, and graduated from the local high school, Lawndale High.
She is played by American actress Cynthia Watros.
He has been the focus of several movies from 1974 through the 2000s.
In both the comics and television series, he is a devoted father struggling to get over the recent death of his wife.
Adrian Albert Mole is the fictional protagonist in a series of books by English author Sue Townsend.
The series is more humorous than most cosies.
Eunice Higgins is the main character in the comedy sketch The Family played by Carol Burnett.
She was played by actress LaWanda Page, an acquaintance of the series' star, Redd Foxx.
Jacqueline "Jackie" Beulah Burkhart is a fictional character portrayed by Mila Kunis on the Fox Network sitcom That '70s Show.
In some of the revisionist stories she has even been portrayed as an antihero or a tragic hero.
In 1999, Disney radically refurbished the attraction as part of its Millennium Celebration at Epcot, removing Dreamfinder and Figment except for fleeting glimpses of the dragon.
Rembrandt Lee Brown is a fictional character played by Cleavant Derricks on the science fiction television show Sliders.
Keller had a recurring role in the fourth season, and was later promoted to a regular in Season 5.
After marrying Doug they decide they want a child which requires the character to abstain from taking her medication and Carla becomes pregnant.
He is the second son of Steffon Baratheon, the lord of Storm's End, and his wife Lady Cassana Estermont, and brother to Robert and Renly.
Political cartoonist John Tenniel illustrated Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass.
Cruikshank, a teenager from Columbus, Nebraska, created the Fred video series for his channel on the video-sharing website YouTube, to center on the Fred character.
As a character, Stephen seems to mirror many facets of Joyce's own life and personality.
He appears in Ice Station, Area 7, Scarecrow, Scarecrow and the Army of Thieves and the spin off Hell Island.
In St. Petersburg, he permits himself oranges because there ordinary people eat them, but in the countryside he doesn't touch them.
Ren is a scrawny, violently psychotic Chihuahua, and Stimpy is a fat, stupid cat.
Carland Cross is a fictional character and the protagonist in the series of the same name.
His neighbors include Laavupaati Pakkinti Pinnigaru and her husband and Budugu's child love C Gaana Pasoonamba.
The name Holden Caulfield was used in an unpublished short story written in 1942 and first appeared in print in 1945.
He first appeared in the book The Road to Oz in 1909.
He is featured in the classic novels The Sound and the Fury and Absalom, Absalom!
The decision was made to kill the character off and producers planned a terminal cancer storyline.
Louis Grenier appears in Requiem for a Nun and is referred to in Intruder in the Dust, "Hand Upon the Waters," The Town, and The Reivers.
It is the primary machine the Martians use when they invade Earth, along with the handling machine, the flying machine, and the embankment machine.
The character is portrayed by actress Dot-Marie Jones, and has appeared in Glee since its second season premiere "Audition", first broadcast on September 21, 2010.
These changes are also the same in the 1929 silent, foreign cut of the film.
He is portrayed as a former Special Forces operative who was a team leader of a search and destroy unit.
Introduced in 1996's A Game of Thrones, Bronn is a low-born sellsword of great skill and cunning from the kingdom of Westeros.
Niki was also originally written to be a showgirl.
He serves as a remotely controlled super soldier, sent into the most dangerous situations and facing odds too great for the average soldier.
When Ao Bing presented himself before Nezha and experienced his rudeness, he would shout in rage, "What a self-righteous cur you are!
He appears briefly in The Golden Pot and in some of Hoffmann's journalism as well.
Father Mapple believes, as Captain Ahab does, that truth is clear to see, and that human beings must pursue it in spite of all obstacles.
Initially seen as incompetent, hapless, corrupt and hot-headed, he proves to function better behind the scenes as a talented code-cracker.
Ernest was created by the Nashville advertising agency Carden & Cherry and was used in various local television ad campaigns.
Raven Ramirez is a character in CSI: Cyber.
Mr. Fezziwig is a character from the novel A Christmas Carol created by Charles Dickens to provide contrast with Ebenezer Scrooge's attitudes towards business ethics.
Breathed also included Opus in the sequel strip to Bloom County, Outland, and later made him the star of his own self-titled strip.
Cosimo climbs in a tree at the beginning of the novel and will spend the rest of his adventurous life in trees.
The Trio is continually thwarted by Buffy, and none of their actions make any name for themselves in Sunnydale's mystical underground, as revealed in "Villains".
Picrochole is a fictional character created by François Rabelais, who attacks the Kingdom of Grandgousier in the novel Gargantua and Pantagruel.
Finn Hudson is a fictional character from the Fox musical comedy-drama series Glee.
Bo and Luke had both been sentenced to probation for illegal transportation of moonshine.
Crosetti tries his best to help him and his wife get through it, and forces himself into the investigation.
Lieutenant Colonel Sarah "Mac" MacKenzie, JAGC, USMC is one of the main characters in the JAG TV series.
By the end of Season 4, Peggy is effectively Draper's second-in-command in the creative department.
He is selfish and often involves Sookie in his troubles.
Ravana respected him tremendously because of their relation and due to his intelligence.
His neck is long and thin, bending 90 degrees at an enormous Adam's apple.
In Gao E's continuation, after the fall of the house of Jia, Xichun becomes a Buddhist nun in place of Miaoyu.
Her singing voice is supplied by Sarah McLachlan.
The people are constantly reminded of this by the slogan "Big Brother is watching you": a maxim which is ubiquitously on display.
Behemoth is a character from the novel The Master and Margarita by the Russian writer Mikhail Bulgakov.
She was marketed as Barbie's best friend.
The final episode of the Mazinger Z anime series would tell the story a bit differently, but with similar results in the plot.
McGarry's character, the former United States Secretary of Labor, begins the series as the White House Chief of Staff.
Ahsoka serves as an important foil for Anakin Skywalker, and she has been highlighted as one of the stronger female characters in the franchise.
He married Bindumati Chaitrarathi, daughter of Yadava king Shashabindu and granddaughter of Chitraratha.
Hasbro has also used the name Cy-Kill for supporting characters in Transformers fiction.
In subsequent novels his character is expanded.
Commander James Bond RN—code number 007—is a fictional character created by the British journalist and novelist Ian Fleming in 1952.
Despite the way the character goes about it, she stands for what's right and has a nurturing side.
The company set off for the club and arrive just in time.
Silvio is one of the most loyal mobsters in the Soprano crime family.
Brewster reprised the role again in 2014 for the 200th episode.
During the battle with the Devas,along his grandsons Ravana, Kumbhakarna,&Khara,he defeated the army of the Devas badly.
After a short-lived reconciliation between Tommy and Janet, their only son Connor was killed by a drunk driver.
The character's development is similar in the television series, where he adopts a callous personality as a survival mechanism.
She is typically described as an old spinster hen, thinner than the other hens in the chicken coop, wearing a blue bonnet and wire-rimmed glasses.
Belle is a fictional character who appears in Walt Disney Pictures' 30th animated feature film Beauty and the Beast.
She also won the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series twice along with the cast of Mad Men.
Peter was created and designed by MacFarlane himself.
When off the job, he has frequent problems involving alimony, alcoholism, child support, and unstable relationships.
The sixth movie would open in the cinema, February 2013, before being released on DVD.
The character was named after Number Six, Patrick McGoohan's character from the show The Prisoner.
He appeared in 22 Golden Age–era Warner Bros. shorts.
Although raised as the daughter of Captain Santiago "Kapitán Tiyago" de los Santos and his wife Doña Pía Alba, who are both native Filipinos.
Given her extensive role in all three seasons Clementine is the assumed protagonist of the game series.
The first concert was in October 1986, and, with the exception of 1987, the concert had been held every year since.
This is a list of the main characters in the Emmy-nominated TV series Everybody Hates Chris.
Forced to leave her home in the tranquil, rural south, Margaret Hale settles with her parents in Milton.
For the first eight seasons of the series, the character was known as Mr. Garrison.
The children's novel series A Series of Unfortunate Events features a large cast of characters created by Lemony Snicket.
His failures often result in crashes that lead to mass destruction and endanger Mrs.
The herd was such that once one jumped, so jumped its companions.
He is most famously portrayed by Belgian actor and martial artist Jean-Claude Van Damme.
He appears as Master of the Jedi High Council and one of the last members of the order's upper echelons before the Galactic Republic's fall.
Kimberly Ann "Kim" Possible is a fictional character who appears in the animated television series Kim Possible, voiced by actress Christy Carlson Romano.
is a fictional character appearing in Bram Stoker's 1897 novel Dracula.
Nearing their destination, she came into the company of Lori Grimes and Shane Walsh, who had evacuated the city.
He is described as being attractive and sensitive, loves to write poetry, and one of his poems, "Sluts," was featured in The New Yorker.
Writing for The Independent, Neela Debanth said she finds Jess more likeable than Finn although "there is more to Finn on closer inspection".
Zenith remains one of Blake's most popular adversaries.
At first, Skipper was available with three different hair colors, but is currently only available with her hair colored black and purple.
Snowball is a character in George Orwell's Animal Farm.
She first appeared in the series sixteen episode "Fait Accompli", broadcast on 3 December 2013.
He has no specific counterpart in the original British series.
She held a grudge against Lawrence up until Hamilton's death in 1991.
Tigger appears in the Disney cartoon versions of Winnie the Pooh and has also appeared in his own film.
This served as repayment for the loan of silver.
Randle Patrick "Mac" McMurphy known as R.P.
Delaware has a friend, Milo Sturgis, who is a gay LAPD detective.
As Peanuts matured, however, Shermy became an extraneous character who was used less and less frequently, until his final appearance in 1969.
In episode 21 of season 3 "Off the Tracks" Sylvia called Danny when Rafi disappeared, and he discovered his brother had gotten addicted to drugs again.
He is 14 years old at the start of the series but turns 15 in Necropolis and is destined to become the leader of "The Five".
After her fiancé Sumner Sloan abandons her in the Cheers bar in the pilot episode, Diane works as a bar waitress.
The character was created by Constance M. Burge, who based Piper on her second-oldest sister Edie Burge.
Amell has received praise from critics who frequently cite his portrayal of the Oliver Queen persona over the hooded vigilante.
The character received much praise during the film's theatrical run, where Javier Bardem was awarded an Oscar, a Golden Globe and a BAFTA for his performance.
On occasion, he works for Saul Goodman as a private investigator, cleaner, and fixer.
Clarice M. Starling is a fictional character who appears in the novels The Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal by Thomas Harris.
Rubeus Hagrid is a fictional character in the Harry Potter book series written by J. K. Rowling.
The later episode "Love and Rocket" shows the ship to have an artificial intelligence, voiced originally by Maurice LaMarche and then by special guest Sigourney Weaver.
Miss Canfield's portrayer Diane Brewster also appeared in the show's pilot "It's a Small World" as Miss Simms, a secretary at the Franklin Milk Company.
He made his debut in Jet Fuel Formula, the first Rocky & Bullwinkle story arc, originally broadcast late 1959 and early 1960.
Lois was created and designed by series creator Seth MacFarlane.
Donald and Douglas are two fictional steam locomotives from The Railway Series books by the Rev.
Taylor Townsend is a fictional character on the FOX television series The O.C., played by Autumn Reeser.
Seth's friendship with Ryan, who eventually became his adoptive brother, formed a focal point of the series along with their romances.
Lampkin uses deceit to manipulate others into revealing useful information.
Though clearly depicted as being in better shape than Fred, he is not shown to be quite as enthusiastic a sportsman as Fred is.
Michael Garibaldi is a lead fictional character in the universe of the science fiction television series Babylon 5, played by Jerry Doyle.
As a character, Dipper has been critically well received.
Kommissar X or Commissioner X is a German crime fiction series of books from the Pabel Moewig publishing house.
Lucy makes her debut in a three-part story that closes the 1972 season.
The character eventually becomes the cooperative right-hand man and protector of protagonist Rick Grimes and leads several supply runs.
They had thirty-two children, of whom Vijaya was the eldest and Sumitta the second.
She appears in six of the ten Halloween films, first appearing in John Carpenter's original 1978 film.
Statler and Waldorf are named after two New York City hotels, the Statler Hilton and the Waldorf-Astoria.
Battlestar Galactica is an American science fiction television series, created by Glen A. Larson, that began the Battlestar Galactica franchise.
Detective Ricardo "Rico" Tubbs is a fictional character from the Miami Vice television series and film of the same name.
As the Napoleonic Wars progress, he gains promotion steadily as a result of his skill and daring, despite his initial poverty and lack of influential friends.
Roy Hinkley, referred to as the Professor, is one of the seven castaways from the television series Gilligan's Island; he was played by Russell Johnson.
It is usually surmised from a passage in which Dr. Pipt refers to Ojo getting "taller," though only the comparative form of the word is used.
He has a white sheepdog named Hot Dog and a younger sister, Forsythia "Jellybean" Jones.
A short time later, there is another reversal of Major Tom's original withdrawal, turning 'outwards' or towards space.
Phyllis Dietrichson is a fictional character in the book and two film adaptations of James M. Cain's novella Double Indemnity.
In the series' fifth, sixth, and seventh seasons he became in succession an Elder, and then an Avatar.
Magica De Spell is a fictional character of the Scrooge McDuck universe, a sorceress created by Carl Barks.
It is later revealed that she was fired for recommending Charlie as Bartlet's personal assistant, instead of the son of a powerful Democratic Party contributor.
Charles Francis "Charlie" Harper is a fictional character in the CBS sitcom Two and a Half Men during the first eight seasons of the series.
With no response from the mouse, Alice fears that it may not speak English and attempts to speak French.
He was ordained as a minister in "The One with the Truth About London", and officiated at both Monica and Chandler and Phoebe and Mike's weddings.
The X-Files office is concerned with cases with particularly mysterious or possibly supernatural circumstances that were left unsolved and shelved by the FBI.
His death was voted the fourth most shocking death in the series.
Edgar is portrayed by James Parks, the real-life son of Michael Parks.
The Powers play a pivotal role in Angel: After the Fall#12 and Angel: After the Fall#13, specifically.
Dave Robicheaux is a fictional character in a series of mystery novels by American crime writer James Lee Burke.
Pippi Longstocking is the main character in an eponymous series of children's books by the Swedish author Astrid Lindgren.
Simon Iff is the protagonist of a series of short detective stories written by occultist Aleister Crowley.
All the books in the series are rooted in, or at least include, Jewish themes.
He with his army were eventually killed by the vanara Angada.Devantaka is killed by Hanuman during a war.
Azula is notorious for being cruel and manipulative.
He is based on a mix of three real Mafia members: Joseph Colombo, Joe Gallo and John Gotti.
His most significant character trait is his lack of common sense, which sometimes leads him and his best friend, SpongeBob SquarePants into trouble.
Since 2008, Miss Foozie has served as Community Ambassador for ChicagoPride.com.
The voice for the character was provided by Ardwight Chamberlain.
Jean Roule is the main fictional character in Octave Mirbeau’s proletarian tragedy, Les Mauvais Bergers.
"If I'm lying, may lightning hit my mother."
In the The Godfather film, Stracci is named "Victor".
It is probably the best remembered of Kovacs' many TV incarnations.
The character was listed in Wetpaint's "10 Hottest Female Doctors on TV" and in BuzzFeed's "16 Hottest Doctors On Television".
They are all based on adaptations of the character Gyro Robo from the Machine Robo toy line.
She first appeared in the series twenty-two episode "Take a Cup of Kindness", broadcast on 29 December 2007.
John Silver or Long John Silver is the main villain in the novel Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson.
A mysterious animal with magical or supernatural abilities, the Jeep first appeared in the March 16, 1936, appearance of Thimble Theatre strip.
Londo Mollari is a fictional character in the universe of the science fiction television series Babylon 5, played by Peter Jurasik.
They invented nonsensical free verse poetry and submitted it to the paper in Ashbless's name, where it was reportedly enthusiastically accepted.
Oddjob, who also appears in the James Bond animated series and in several video games, is one of the most popular characters in the Bond series.
Charles Bartholomew "Chuck" Bass is a fictional character in the novel and television series Gossip Girl.
Alan Dale has received praise for his performance, and critics have also responded positively to the mystery surrounding the character.
Paltrow was additionally featured in the 2011 concert film Glee: The 3D Concert Movie.
In the different video games, she is voiced by Heidi Shannon, Edie Mirman and Kath Soucie.
She has also been featured in comic strips and mass merchandising.
His life was spared and he was adopted into the tribe.
Newmark is one of several Gibson characters who live through information.
She appeared as a recurring character in twelve episodes of the fifth season and a main cast member in eighteen episodes of the sixth season.
It was originally broadcast on December 10, 1974 on ABC.
The character is very loosely based on a combination of Sonny Liston, Larry Holmes and George Foreman.
He is generally characterized as a pessimistic, gloomy, depressed, anhedonic, old grey stuffed donkey who is a friend of the title character, Winnie-the-Pooh.
She was also nominated twice for Choice TV Actress: Drama, in which she won one of the two nominations.
The character was played by Taiwanese actor Mike He.
The character has been well received by critics as well as some of the cast and crew of the series.
Jamie Lee Curtis portrayed the role in the original run of the series, with Scout Taylor-Compton taking the role in Rob Zombie's reboot and its sequel.
Nkima is a fictional character in Edgar Rice Burroughs' Tarzan novels, and in adaptations of the saga to other media, particularly comics.
Nevertheless, after he gave permission to Elbling Mis to use the Great Library of Trantor, he made a dignified impression as befits a Galactic emperor.
She eventually progressed to F2 level, before being killed off in the aftermath of a train crash; her death occurring off-screen.
Keith Mars is a fictional character on UPN/The CW television series Veronica Mars, which debuted during the fall 2004 season on UPN.
While Louise recognized that Archie displayed some ignorance and bullheadedness, she saw similar traits in the Jefferson men.
Bette Porter is a fictional character on the Showtime television network series The L Word, played by Jennifer Beals.
The show features a variety of games, a live band, a little person, and girls dancing in revealing outfits.
They are characterized by an abnormally high level of politeness.
Introduced in 1996's A Game of Thrones, Tommen Baratheon is the youngest son of Cersei Lannister from the kingdom of Westeros.
He provides the lead vocals and plays the keyboard for the band.
For the first two seasons of the show she appeared as a recurring character; she became a regular in the third season.
Kosh Naranek was the Vorlon ambassador to Babylon 5 from 2257 until his death.
Lorelai Victoria Gilmore is a fictional character in the WB/CW television series Gilmore Girls, portrayed by actress Lauren Graham.
He is an orphaned Sicilian immigrant who builds a mafia empire.
Boone is introduced in the pilot episode as the stepbrother of fellow crash survivor Shannon Rutherford.
Mammy would appear in many cartoons until 1952's Push-Button Kitty.
Potts pointed out that Eddi herself liked to drink to deal with her many issues.
Oddjob is a henchman to the villain Auric Goldfinger in the 1959 James Bond novel Goldfinger and its 1964 film adaptation.
Kath & Kim aired first on 16 May 2002, and become a hit in Australia and Internationally.
The fictional characters displayed here are ordered alphabetically by character surname.
Sailor Mouse - reissued as Willie Mouse - Sailor Boy
Pickwick is a retired successful businessman and is the Founder and Chairman of the Pickwick Club.
In addition, a 1991 episode of Quantum Leap included a Magnum P.I.
Samuel Norman "Sam" Seaborn is a fictional character portrayed by Rob Lowe on the television serial drama The West Wing.
After Pandu's death, Satyavati went to the forest for penance and breathed her last before witnessing the Kurukshetra War.
Zosia begins to drink excessively, use drugs and her behaviour becomes uncontrollable.
Upon his return to the pass' main camp, Zhang would perform a plan to kill Huang with his subordinate, Akin Silver.
Thus, those who believe him to be based on a distinct historical figure place him around the 1st century BCE.
René François Artois is a fictional character, the main character in the BBC sitcom 'Allo 'Allo!, which ran from 1982 to 1992.
This makes Cutter the second character to appear in all four of Breathed's comics.
Daniel Quilp is one of the main antagonists in the novel The Old Curiosity Shop by Charles Dickens, written in 1840.
Percy Jackson is played by Logan Lerman in the film adaptations of the novels and by Chris McCarrell on the musical.
This storyline has been positively received by critics.
Lyta Alexander is a character from the fictional universe of the science-fiction television series Babylon 5, played by Patricia Tallman.
In Extreme Ghostbusters she was voiced by Pat Musick.
Ragol Al Mostaheel is an action series of books written by Egyptian author Nabil Farouk and published by Modern Arab Association as a part of Rewayat.
The Little Mouse Who was Very Clever
Oliver "Ollie" Valentine is a fictional character from the BBC medical drama Holby City, played by actor James Anderson.
He makes a brief cameo in Blue Eyes.
Rupert Edward Algernon Campbell-Black is a fictional character in the Rutshire Chronicles series of romance novels written by Jilly Cooper.
During 1994 and 1995 a TV series Vabariigi valvur was aired with Andrus Vaarik as Ivan Orav.
5, Troublesome Engines, originally published in 1950.
Along with her brother and father, she discovers a secret underwater cave.
He is a brilliant graduate from the Indian Institute of Technology.
Jane Marple, usually referred to as Miss Marple, is a fictional character appearing in 12 of Agatha Christie's crime novels and in 20 short stories.
He serves as a general under Fang La, a rebel leader who established a separatist regime in southern China against the ruling Song Empire.
His later slogan, "Remember... Only YOU Can Prevent Forest Fires" was created in 1947.
The caricature was popular with the British public.
He is an African American rapper who lives in Calabasas, California.
He is a merchant sailor on the Sea Girl and is also its champion boxer.
She is a nurse and Leslie Knope's best friend.
In 1977, the producers of Taxi saw Kaufman's Foreign Man act at The Comedy Store.
Zhang Guifang is a fictional character featured within the famed classic Chinese novel Investiture of the Gods.
She is voiced primarily by Broadway actress and singer Idina Menzel.
She returned a second time disguised as an elderly woman.
It is a sequel to Crocodile Dundee and was followed by Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles.
He was voiced by Robin Williams in the first film.
Rep. DuBois was re-elected to a second term on November 8, 2016, after running uncontested.
It was an opponent of King Kong in the film, and it later had a prominent role in 1968's Destroy All Monsters.
She was an attending cardiothoracic surgeon at Seattle Grace Mercy West Hospital, the fictional institution where the show is set.
Jackie is one of the two female leads in the show.
Ezekiel "Easy" Porterhouse Rawlins is a fictional character created by mystery author Walter Mosley.
Her real name is Georgia, although no one calls her that except her parents.
The only child of Herman and Lily Munster, Eddie is a werewolf.
Agatha Lee Monn portrayed her as a nine-year-old.
Series creator David Chase has stated that the main inspiration for the character was his own mother.
Slop makes his first appearance in Chapter 34 of the novel, where he is described as:
The character received a positive reception from television critics, who praised Combs' performance as Piper and her relationship with Leo.
The series begins when Mole is a thirteen-year-old delinquent and ends when he finds out he will be a grandfather, aged forty-two.
He is well-known and respected in the town of Twin Peaks.
The Green Fisherman is a fictional character who appears in Carlo Collodi's book The Adventures of Pinocchio.
Throughout the series, he rises through the ranks of the organized crime organization, becoming a capo, as well as Tony Soprano's brother-in-law.
Binkley is infatuated with an African American girl named Blondie.
The character first appeared on-screen on 16 January 2007, in episode "Face Value" - series 9, episode 15 of the programme.
Sandcastle was also put into Madden NFL 13 as a card in the 'Ultimate Team' game mode.
Along with her grandson Ahmad -- who refers to her as "Big Mama" -- she serves as the moral and emotional center of the film.
The red-haired daughter of Fred and Wilma Flintstone, Pebbles is born near the end of the third season.
Beckman is a senior official of the National Security Agency, working within the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.
Amell has been nominated for various awards for his performance, including a People's Choice and Leo Award.
This collection later appeared in two volumes.
In both mediums he claims to be a scientist who knows the cure to the zombie plague and is being escorted to Washington D.C. by Sgt.
Stewie is considered to be the show's breakout character.
The nature of the character and her role in the franchise has garnered both praise and criticism from various reviewers.
This article will deal with both versions separately.
After driving his car off a bridge, he is saved by Clark Kent and quickly develops a new friendship with the farm boy.
She also recurred throughout the ninth and tenth seasons of the series and headlined Immortality alongside Ted Danson.
Although his celebrity status was short-lived, Sam retains that standing within the confines of Cheers, where he is beloved by the regular patrons.
Nevertheless, her interests and those of Cornelius often intersect - though her final goals are usually incompatible with his.
Louise and Florence became great friends over the years while Florence and George often argued.
Unlike Cussler's heroes Dirk Pitt and Kurt Austin, Cabrillo is not a womanizer.
Although the Howells never had any children in the original series, their son, Thurston Howell IV, is introduced in that movie.
He is introduced as the head coach of the Dillon High School football team, the Dillon Panthers.
In the latter, the character is re-imagined as an African-American woman.
The Great Gazoo was voiced by actor Harvey Korman.
Sachs devoted her personal and professional life to the study of Soviet intelligence and most notably the Soviet counter-intelligence master known as Karla.
Her role in the show's sixth season was reduced, for what Brewster believed to be financial reasons.
Patrick has been included in various SpongeBob SquarePants-related merchandise, including trading cards, video games, plush toys, and comic books.
Ahab is firmly established in popular culture by cartoons, comic books, films and plays.
Cunégonde is a fictional character in Voltaire's novel Candide.
In the 1986 movie The Name of the Rose, Sean Connery played the role of Brother William of Baskerville.
The show starred Richard Basehart and David Hedison.
As the stakes rise, the power shifts and Warren gradually dominates the group.
The character was introduced primarily as a narrative device to enable Doyle to kill Sherlock Holmes, and only featured in two of the Sherlock Holmes stories.
By the 1970s, her character is more endearing, and she wins many athletic competitions.
In a season 10 episode entitled "Hit and Run", a young Abby was played by Brighton Sharbino in flashbacks.
He was subsequently killed by the Narasimha Avatara of Lord Vishnu.
He is the estranged grandson of Abdullah, the Emerson’s reis, or foreman.
Charlotte is a character that only appears in the television series and is portrayed by Vanessa Ray.
A petty knave, a toady and buffoon, of fairly good, though undeveloped, intelligence, he was, above all, a moneylender, who grew bolder with growing prosperity.
Once, while he was residing in Gokarna, he found a great monster, Shambasadana, who was continuously persecuting the holy saints who were residing there.
Jonathan Oldbuck is the leading character in Sir Walter Scott's 1816 novel The Antiquary.
Thomson liked playing Jonny because he was a good guy, who was flawed.
Dean Winchester is a fictional character and one of the two protagonists of the American drama television series Supernatural.
Phillip "Phil" Coulson is a character portrayed by Clark Gregg in the films and television series of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
He occasionally saves the world with his sisters' inventions.
After the events of the fifth season she was committed to a mental health facility.
She is the psychiatrist of Mafia boss Tony Soprano.
Shake has also made cameos in promotional material and other media outside of the series.
John Michael Higgins portrayed his equivalent in the U.S. version of Kath & Kim, and his portrayal was highly criticized.
This is a list of notable guest characters from the television series Fawlty Towers written by and starring John Cleese and Connie Booth.
Serena is a consultant general surgeon and formerly Holby General Hospital's deputy CEO.
Mekhi Phifer was removed from the main cast opening credits in the 2nd episode of season 15.
Adam Bede is the eponymous main character of George Eliot's novel Adam Bede.
In Mahabharata, Kunti or Pritha was the daughter of Shurasena, and the foster daughter of his cousin Kuntibhoja.
Series producer Diana Kyle intended their inclusion to have an "instant impact on the wards."
Vershini was a wife of Rompad, the king of Angadesh and an elder sister of Kausalya
He then forced Brandtner to strip to prove that he was unarmed, before parading him through the street in only his underwear.
The blade is inscribed with a text from Judges chapter 5 in the Vulgate, "Sic pereant omnes inimici tui" — "thus perish all your enemies".
Social concerns made the development of Aramis difficult; the safety of passengers was at risk because of the lack of security in private cars.
In the 1969 and 1975 theatrical releases, Cogburn was portrayed by John Wayne.
Himu is a popular fictional character created by the Bangladeshi writer Humayun Ahmed who appears in a disjunct series of novels.
Capitaine Phoebus de Châteaupers [fibys də ʃatopɛːʁ] is a fictional character and one of the main antagonists in Victor Hugo's 1831 novel, The Hunchback of Notre-Dame.
Nancy Callahan is a fictional character from the graphic novel series Sin City, created by Frank Miller.
In the late 19th century China, Kwai Chang Caine was the orphaned son of an American man and a Chinese woman.
The character was played by Giancarlo Esposito.
In the story, Daenerys is a young woman in her early teens living in Essos across the Narrow Sea.
Agent Wells has been a recurring guest-character of the series playing the major antagonist of Season 2 and appearing alongside Agents Myka Bering and Pete Lattimer.
The Maigret stories were also adapted for television and radio.
However, in the eighth season, Gabe is back in the Scranton office without any on-screen explanation.
Roger was a recurring character in seasons 8-9 and joined the main cast in season 10 and stayed until the series finale in season 11.
He officially appears in Saw II, Saw III, and Saw IV.
He is voiced primarily by actor Jonathan Groff.
In his 1992 novel Last Call, Tim Powers includes a poem attributed to William Ashbless in the introduction to Book One.
Franklin later paid Charlie Brown a visit and found some of Charlie Brown's other friends to be quite odd.
Nev often has trouble with pronunciation of certain words, he cannot sing but he can rap well.
Captain Harmon 'Harm' Rabb, Jr., JAGC, USN, played by David James Elliott, is a fictional and lead character in the American television series JAG.
The Jubjub bird is a dangerous creature mentioned in Lewis Carroll's nonsense poems "Jabberwocky" and "The Hunting of the Snark".
Mike Myers has jokingly said that it took about 64 hours to transform into Fat Bastard's body.
The Oracle is a fictional character in The Matrix franchise.
In the last episode, "Party Games", her husband is appointed Prime Minister, and also plays the title role throughout Yes, Prime Minister.
A remake of the first serial appeared on BBC Four in 2005.
Back in her car, Patty fantasizes that Ellen approaches the car and through the window thanks her for all she's done for her.
He was created in 2010 and Astill successfully auditioned for the role three months prior to beginning filming in November.
Charlie prides himself on his bachelor/playboy lifestyle in Malibu, L.A and drives a Mercedes, and used to own a Jaguar.
She appeared in 18 episodes during the first two seasons of the show.
At the time of the show's cancellation, he was the sixth longest serving character behind Tom Croydon, Chris Riley, P.J.
Manabu Yukawa is a fictional character from Keigo Higashino's Galileo series, very popular in Japan.
Originally cast for three guest appearances in the second season, Emerson's role was expanded.
Norman Clegg, often nicknamed Cleggy, is a fictional character from the world's longest-running sitcom, Last of the Summer Wine.
Abigail Sutherland "Abby" McDeere is a fictional character in John Grisham's 1991 novel The Firm.
The character makes her first appearance mid-fourth season and her last in the first episode of the eleventh season; she appears in 208 episodes in total.
In the Hindu epic Mahabharata, Sudeshna was the wife of King Virata, at whose court the Pandavas spent a year in concealment during their exile.
Richard Hatch's re-launch novel series sees him promoted to major and still serving as a Viper pilot.
Mabel is an energetic 12-year-old girl who is sent with her brother to spend her summer vacation in her great-uncle's tourist trap called the "Mystery Shack".
The Meganulon made a return in the film Godzilla vs. Megaguirus after a 44-year absence.
While two of the victims were violent gangsters, one was a fellow cop who was secretly working to expose Vic and his unit.
Erik Menneskesøn is a protagonist in the mythological series by the Danish writer Lars-Henrik Olsen.
Jia Xichun is a primary character in the Chinese novel Dream of the Red Chamber.
Robert "Bob" Russell is a fictional character played by Gary Cole on the television serial drama The West Wing.
Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz is a fictional character from the American animated television show Phineas and Ferb.
Eric "E." Murphy is a fictional character on the comedy-drama television series Entourage.
Kissy Suzuki is a fictional character introduced in Ian Fleming's 1964 James Bond novel, You Only Live Twice.
Detective Carlton Jebediah Lassiter MCJ, is a fictitious character in the American dramedy Psych played by Timothy Omundson.
In cartoons Gandy Goose joined the US Army in 1941 in the cartoon "Flying Fever" and also in "The Home Guard."
Ronald McDonald is a clown character used as the primary mascot of the McDonald's fast-food restaurant chain.
One of her main talents was in linguistics, and she is shown translating Serbian dialogue in the first episode of series two.
As well as this, she is the only Steam Team member who did not make their first appearance in the first series.
Despite not being an actual prospect for the 2013 NFL Draft, several combine videos have been created.
Actor Alan Rickman portrayed Snape in all eight Harry Potter films, released between 2001 and 2011.
Burke made his final appearance in the third season, leaving Seattle in the aftermath of his failed wedding.
The Wicked Witch of the North, named Mombi, is a fictional character in L. Frank Baum's classic children's series of Oz Books.
Donald Kincaid, from David Simon's nonfiction book, Homicide: A Year on the Killing Streets, on which the series was based.
Her character is notable for the dysfunctional relationship she enters with Michael following the second season episode, "The Client", until the fourth season episode "Dinner Party".
He is portrayed as a mystic, a magician and a great detective with a thorough insight into human psychology.
A subsequent storyline saw Mo discover she was adopted.
He is portrayed by actor Joshua Gomez, and is the best friend of Chuck Bartowski.
He also has the same Scottish accent as Shrek, whose movie was released two years later in 2001.
While unconscious, Opus dreams about Lola leaving him 20 years later with 23 tube-grown kids.
Quiller narrates his adventures in first person, addressing the reader in an informal tone.
Dhillon had formerly appeared in the show on a recurring basis in a more minor role, as Dr. Sunil Gupta, between 2001 and 2003.
Chocomaro tries to do what Mashimaro would normally do in these episodes, but always messes them up and ends up gets hurt.
Introduced as Billie Jenkins's long-lost sister, she secretly collaborates with the demonic council known as the Triad with their plans to destroy the Charmed Ones.
During season 1, he is the Democratic Majority Whip in the United States House of Representatives.
She later transfers to the Darwin ward alongside Mo and her presence undermines an insecure Mo.
Avon is one of the more powerful drug dealers in Baltimore, Maryland, running the Barksdale Organization.
Other actors considered for the role included Dave Foley, John Ritter, Henry Winkler, Stanley Tucci, Alfred Molina and Michael Richards.
In the second season Chris is shot by his subordinates Matthew Bevilaqua and Sean Gismonte but survives.
Afterward, she forms an unstable alliance with the protagonists, becoming a victim of her own creation.
A Boston-based lawyer, Nelle joins the fictional law firm of Cage & Fish with the ambition of someday becoming a partner.
His alpha male characterisation has attracted critical praise, while his pairing with Dan received a more mixed response, including viewer complaints about the kiss.
is a fictional character from the American Broadcasting Company medical drama television series Grey's Anatomy, portrayed by actress Brooke Smith.
Oscar Zoroaster Phadrig Isaac Norman Henkle Emmannuel Ambroise Diggs is a fictional character in the Land of Oz created by American author L. Frank Baum.
Prince Lev Nikolaevich Myshkin is the protagonist of Fyodor Dostoyevsky's novel The Idiot.
He is a prospect of the Sons of Anarchy Motorcycle Club, which often results in hazing and his being given undesirable tasks.
Tequila Yuen is introduced in Hard Boiled playing a clarinet in a bar, where, it seems, is the only place he feels at home.
The character has been critically praised, often regarded as a fan-favorite in both mediums.
In academic materials, Strode is widely cited as the one of the earliest and most influential examples of the "final girl" slasher film archetype.
While most of these characters are minor, two are members of the Merry Men.
Kersh first appeared as a guest role in several episodes of the series' sixth season, returning as a recurring character in the eighth and ninth seasons.
Frank J. Lapidus is a fictional character on the ABC television series Lost played by Jeff Fahey.
Characterized as a cheerful know-it-all, Horace helped Mickey on his sleuthing expeditions in the comics before Goofy assumed that role.
The actor joined the starring cast as the series' fifth season began.
Beckett is killed in an explosion in the third-season episode "Sunday", but he returns as a clone in season four and five.
Foxx appeared in all but 9 of the episodes of the series, the exception being because Foxx had a contract dispute with NBC in 1974.
Her proficiency in science and fluency in Korean and German are a testament to her high intelligence.
Much later, Ambika accompanied Satyavati and Ambalika to the forest and ended her life in austerity.hi
His predecessor was a large purple toucan named Pee Tee.
He is the battlestar Galactica's Chief Medical Officer.
Critics of the show have often commented on Arthur's professional skills.
For his work in season 5, Buscemi received critical acclaim and was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series.
Following this, Jiang tells the five demons to go to the Western Foothills of Mount Singling Phoenix and never be seen again elsewhere.
Paste ranked Fring number 3 in its list of the 20 Best Characters of 2011.
The novels have also been made into films: With Fire and Sword, The Deluge and Pan Wolodyjowski.
The viewer follows his naval career from that point as the series progresses.
The character made two subsequent appearances in flashback episodes.
Coach Beiste is a fictional character from the Fox musical comedy-drama series Glee.
Morgan Guillermo Grimes is a major character on the television series Chuck.
McGee specializes in cybersecurity and computer crime, and is a graduate of Johns Hopkins University and MIT.
She also confesses to "a tempestuous affair with a rodeo cowboy during the Summer of Love that the Hollies played a significant role in."
Jonathan "Jack" Stanley Hodgins IV, Ph.D. is a character in the American television series, Bones.
Clarke appreciated the celebrity status so much that he continued playing Deadwood Dick until his death on May 5, 1930
Usually referred to as "Junior" or "Uncle June'", he is a senior ranking Mafia member of the DiMeo crime family for most of the series.
This is confirmed by Foreman in the episode "Don't Ever Change".
Destoroyah is a kaiju who first appeared in Toho's 1995 film Godzilla vs. Destoroyah.
Remember: far better women than you have sworn to do the same.
The role has made Perrette one of the most popular actresses on U.S. primetime television in 2011, according to Q Score.
Russel's spoken voice is supplied by Remi Kabaka
In addition to his scientific knowledge and inventive use of common items, he always carries a Swiss Army knife and a roll of duct tape.
The very last concerts were held in October of 2016.
The character was a former MI6 officer who joins MI5 in the fifth series.
He suffers from short-term memory loss, possibly due to his experiments with radioactivity.
He retires from this after becoming fatigued and disenchanted with his superior officers.
Susan Kushner is a fictional character in the Ramona series of novels by Beverly Cleary.
She is a soldier under Immortan Joe, whom she betrays in order to free "The Five Wives", Joe's female concubines.
He was married to Khyati, the daughter of Daksha.
In the book, he is a pivotal part of Alexandros' education.
Perry the Platypus, also known as Agent P or simply Perry, is an anthropomorphic platypus from the American animated series Phineas and Ferb.
In the premiere episode of series seven, Carter is killed in a car bomb.
Lucille "Lucy" van Pelt is a character in the syndicated comic strip Peanuts, written and drawn by Charles Schulz.
After Doherty departed from the series in 2001, resulting in her character's death, she was replaced by Rose McGowan as the long-lost younger half-sister Paige Matthews.
He also has a daughter named Lisa, who solely appeared in "Coach's Daughter", from his late wife Angela.
However, with Teal'c appearing in 213 episodes, she has the second most amount of appearances in Stargate SG-1 at 208.
Ursula is a feminine given name in several different languages.
He has a twin sister Summer Pitt.
Over time, he and Eugene are able to make amends.
Robin is the on-again, off-again love interest of Barney Stinson and Ted Mosby, and a close friend to Lily Aldrin and Marshall Eriksen.
She was a medical student but left the profession and began working as a personal trainer.
He wears a two-tone shirt and suspenders with a buckle belt - a fashion faux pas - as well as a college class ring.
Later, in the sixth season, Charlie and Zoey are shown to have resumed their relationship, with Charlie even considering asking Zoey to marry him.
The novel leaves us at that, but future books in James Clavell's saga reveal the end of Tyler Brock.
Disney's The Lion King films and its later franchise features an extensive cast of fictional characters created by Irene Mecchi, Jonathan Roberts and Linda Woolverton.
One of them, Miracles for Sale, was based on Death from a Top Hat but had no character named Merlini—instead, Robert Young played "The Great Morgan".
He is the 10-year-old son of Michael Dawson.
The following is the list of characters of Disney Channel original series Wizards of Waverly Place.
Originally voiced by American actress and singer Paige O'Hara, Belle is the non-conforming daughter of an inventor.
However, he longed for recognition from his biological father, Dirk Struan.
His name is now used generically to refer to someone who is hard and only concerned with cold facts and numbers.
He starred in his own segment on The New Adventures of Mighty Mouse and Heckle & Jeckle for one season.
"I swear on my mother's grave the quality of this Isuzu!"
In 2004, a soft plush Nev was released, but was only available in a few stores.
The series' final scene, indicating the beginning of a romantic relationship between Korra and Asami Sato, was unprecedented in its LGBT representation in western children's television.
He is the leader of the group known as the Tribulation Force, and is the most fully developed character in the series.
Frau Farbissina, is a fictional character played by Mindy Sterling in the Austin Powers film series.
As far as is known, Juliet is still out there somewhere.
Jessica Hamby is a fictional character in the True Blood series, portrayed by Deborah Ann Woll.
Fröbe, who did not speak English well, was dubbed in the film by Michael Collins, an English actor.
The story is set in a small-town café in German-occupied France during the Second World War.
is a fictional character and the main protagonist in the American comedy-drama "Scrubs," played by Zach Braff.
In the film, his latest experiments open the door to the 8th dimension and unwittingly start an interplanetary battle for the world.
He was portrayed by Liam Neeson in the original film and Arnold Vosloo in the sequels.
Even though Jack often dismisses her caring nature she is always loyal and there for him.
The universe Colin was raised on had far less technology than Earth Prime.
The vast majority of Angry Kid has since been released on YouTube.
His characteristics have been traced back to several men known to Scott, and to the author himself, an enthusiastic antiquary.
He made his final appearance in the Season 9 premiere, "Our First Day of School", as a guest star.
She also appears in much of the television work involving Gidget.
In the original film, Cinderella is voiced by American singer and actress Ilene Woods.
Andy eventually marries April Ludgate and is later promoted to Leslie Knope's assistant.
Other two characters Kybla & Habul were added subsequently and profile of Tenida was also changed.
Rachel Louise Bradley is a fictional character portrayed by Helen Baxendale in the British comedy-drama television series Cold Feet.
Dr. Chi Park joins the diagnostic team in Season 8 after she hits her supervisor in the neurology department when he gropes her during a procedure.
Due to Lost's non-linear presentation of events and supernatural elements, Charlie makes several appearances in seasons four and six of the series.
The Fox is depicted as the more intelligent of the two, with the Cat usually limiting itself to repeating the Fox's words.
A dilettante who solves mysteries for his own amusement, Wimsey is an archetype for the British gentleman detective.
Tessio has also appeared in the 2004 novel The Godfather Returns and the 2006 video game The Godfather.
William "Bill" Tanner is a fictional character in the James Bond film and novel series.
The character was nominated for American Film Institute's list 100 Years…100 Heroes and Villains.
Lily Medrano/Cervantes is a fictional and main- character of Sine Novela's ninth installment's Gaano Kadalas ang Minsan created by Danny Zialcita, Viva Films and GMA Network.
Rather, Pinhead was depicted as quiet yet articulate and intelligent, drawing influence from classical cinematic depictions of Count Dracula.
He also owned the Hatchet-Cuckoo Oil Company in Dust Bowl, Oklahoma.
She is a wealthy spinster, once jilted at the altar, who insists on wearing her wedding dress for the rest of her life.
Bill tries to convince her she won't succeed.
In Police Academy 5: Assignment Miami Beach, Lassard reaches the mandatory retirement age for police officers.
Alvin D. Kersh is a fictional character in the Fox science fiction television series The X-Files, played by James Pickens, Jr..
Over the next season Katherine finds her long lost daughter, Nadia Petrova.
In the Ganesha Purana, they were a son of the rishi Rudraketu.
Christopher "Chris" Partlow is a fictional character on the HBO drama The Wire, played by actor Gbenga Akinnagbe.
Brian Griffin is a fictional character from the American animated television series Family Guy.
His age in 'Nishithini' was 41 and in 'Misir Ali's Amangsito Rahayso' his age is 51.
He often cracks tasteless and inappropriate jokes, when convenient invokes his Japanese heritage and harbors unrequited desire for Dexter's foster sister Debra.
Murbella is a fictional character in the Dune universe created by Frank Herbert.
Thwarted by d'Artagnan and the other musketeers, Milady's opposition of d'Artagnan carries much of the second half of the novel.
Barquentine is a fictional character in Mervyn Peake's Gormenghast series.
The character is voiced by series creator Mike Judge, and is known for his nearly incomprehensible speech.
He is the brother of Dick Solomon and Sally Solomon, and the uncle of Tommy Solomon.
Her character may be partially derived from that of the Welsh goddess Modron and other myths.
Howard is named after and based on a computer programmer known by the show's co-creator Bill Prady.
This is list of all main and recurring characters of BBC television's sitcom 'Allo 'Allo!.
Matsyendranātha, Macchindranāth or Mīnanātha was a saint and yogi in a number of Buddhist and Hindu traditions.
Ryanverse refers to the fictional universe created by Tom Clancy featuring Jack Ryan and other characters, such as John Clark and Domingo Chavez.
Misterjaw is a 34-episode made-for-television cartoon series, produced at DePatie-Freleng Enterprises in 1976 for The Pink Panther and Friends television series on NBC.
As Roger took on more cruel and brazen behaviors, however, this became lessened.
P. H. Moriarty played the role in the 2000 Sci-Fi Channel TV miniseries Frank Herbert's Dune and its 2003 sequel, Frank Herbert's Children of Dune.
A. Milne play Toad of Toad Hall based on the book.
Scrappy-Doo is a fictional Great Dane dog created by Hanna-Barbera Productions in 1979, with the catchphrases, "Scrappy Dappy Doo", "Lemme at 'em!"
He went on to appear in over 130 films, including The Band Concert, Brave Little Tailor, and Fantasia.
In time, Chong Heihu, along with his elder brother, would approach the Ji province's city gate.
In the original version of The Ringmaster's Secret, she has a nephew, indicating there are other siblings.
Because Melanie defends Scarlett and Ashley, India leaves the Wilkes home and moves in with Aunt Pittypat.
His biological mother was a shifter as well as his brother.
It was later stated by showrunner Kevin Murphy that Zoe eventually became the basis for the Number Sixes.
The Juana la Iguana TV show later aired on the following networks: Venevision, Televicentro, Televisa, Televicentro Canal 5, Telemundo, Ecuavisa, and Red Uno de Bolivia.
On 20 December 2015, he was replaced by his son Lucky Junior.
After a few years of shunting at the Big Station, the Fat Controller promoted him to goods traffic on Thomas' branch line.
Melinda Irene Gordon is the title character of the American paranormal television series Ghost Whisperer created by John Gray.
Aaron Doral is a fictional character from the reimagined Battlestar Galactica series.
A terrorist with aspirations of world domination, he is the archenemy of the British Secret Service agent James Bond.
Cohle works as a detective for the Louisiana State Homicide Unit, alongside his partner Martin "Marty" Hart.
In the novels, she is a prominent point of view character.
Wen Zhong had been the top ranked official under King Da Yi since the times of old.
"Little Tough Mice - Cartune Theatrical Cartoon Series".
Alex Krycek is played by Nicholas Lea.
After meeting George Fox-Selwyn, Montmorency becomes a well-paid spy.
In July 2006 his term of office was extended for another five years.
At the end of the sixth season, TV's Frank died.
Kung Fu follows his adventures as he travels to the American Old West as he seeks his half-brother, Danny Caine.
Wenshu Guangfa Tianzun is a character featured within the classic Chinese novel Investiture of the Gods.
Deputy Chief Brenda Leigh Johnson is a fictional character featured in TNT's The Closer.
The character is portrayed by Gabriel Byrne, who was coined as TV's "latest Dr. McDreamy" by the New York Times for the role.
Jesse arrives at Holby City employed as a Consultant Anaesthetist working on the hospital's Keller ward.
The ads feature "the world's most interesting man," a bearded, debonair gentleman, with voiceovers that are intended to be both humorous and outrageous.
He is sporty, and plays in the centre of midfield for his school football team.
Rudy Wade is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 science fiction comedy-drama Misfits, portrayed by Joseph Gilgun.
The list includes the series main characters, recurring characters, minor characters, as well a list of the 4400 returnees.
Lincoln Lee is a fictional character on the Fox television series Fringe.
Karna fought against misfortune throughout his life and kept his word under all circumstances.
American animator Otto Messmer, Sullivan's lead animator, has also been credited as such.
For her portrayal, Gunn won two consecutive Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2013 and 2014.
Jake the Dog is a fictional character and one of the main cast in the American animated television series Adventure Time created by Pendleton Ward.
Number 2 is a fictional character in the Austin Powers franchise.
Margaret Hale is the heroine of Elizabeth Gaskell's 1855 novel North and South.
Arya Stark is a fictional character created by American author George R. R. Martin.
He is the seventh of the 14 manus of the current kalpa.
Punk band The Misfits had a song titled "Rat Fink".
Gareth, however, leads the remaining survivors to try to hunt down Rick's group and eat them.
The character's focal storyline involved a romantic relationship with plastic surgeon Mark Sloan.
Shukachari literally means abode of parrots in the Sanskrit language.
In the BBC television sitcom Dad's Army he was portrayed by Ian Lavender.
He subsequently appeared in A Clash of Kings and A Dance with Dragons.
He had once gone undercover in a prison and also as a drunken homeless man, for instance.
Starbuck is a Viper starfighter pilot, gambler, womanizer and smoker of "fumerellos," or cigars.
Writing for MSN, Simon Cocks said Jess and Finn "fit into the dynamic perfectly".
He is a very skilled man, a fine literary example of a 19th-century engineer.
He grew up in his relatives' house.
The character and the series, a sequel to Avatar: The Last Airbender, were created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko.
In 2014, "Bo Dennis" was named No.
However, in light of several recent sexual assault allegations made against Cosby, some critics have begun to question the comedian's intentions behind creating Clair.
He appears in four novels, and is mentioned in at least one more.
He is referred to as Robo by creators Edward Neumeier and Michael Miner in their original screenplay.
He was awarded numerous medals, all of which were donated by the enemy.
Michael Binkley is a fictional character in Berke Breathed's cartoon strip Bloom County.
Billina is a fictional character in the classic children's series of Oz books by American author L. Frank Baum.
A Russian spinoff, Muhtar's return was broadcast on Russia-1 and NTV from 2004 to 2015.
Pal's descendants continue to play Lassie today.
Randy is a permanent fixture on the international stand-up circuit, and makes regular guest appearances on Australian television.
Artie was developed by Glee creators Ryan Murphy, Brad Falchuk and Ian Brennan.
To this end, his name is often used as a pun.
Margaret Thompson is a fictional character in the HBO crime drama series Boardwalk Empire, portrayed by Kelly Macdonald.
He was originally planned to be called “Kimbukku”, but later renamed Globi after the local Basel German dialect word for the department store that created him.
Suzanne "Crazy Eyes" Warren is a fictional character played by Uzo Aduba on the Netflix series Orange Is the New Black.
Stanislaus "Stan" Valchek is a fictional character on the HBO drama The Wire, played by actor Al Brown.
Bree Treacy of RTÉ Ten disliked both Valentines, and Jim Shelley of the Daily Mail described him as a "weasel".
The novels have been adapted numerous times, most notably a television series starring Guy Marchand, which began in 1991.
Songs of the Sea was a multimedia show located at Siloso Beach on Sentosa Island, Singapore.
Petticoat Junction is an American situation comedy that originally aired on CBS from September 1963 to April 1970.
Later stories filled out his earlier years, starting with an unpromising beginning as a seasick midshipman.
At the novel's conclusion, Moorthy shifts his support from Gandhi to Jawaharlal Nehru.
Jacen Solo is a fictional character in the Star Wars expanded universe.
Paganel studied The Lusiads of Camoens over six weeks, believing the poem to be written in Spanish.
Despite her dominating nature, Roseanne is a loving mother who works hard and makes as much time for her kids as possible.
In 1980 Eloise Jarvis McGraw and Lauren Lynn McGraw borrowed the character for The Forbidden Fountain of Oz, published by the International Wizard of Oz Club.
List of Hawaii Five-O characters, from the original 1968 TV series
The adventures of Meg, her three brothers and her two eldest children take place over the course of eight books, written between 1959 and 1989.
She later appeared in two subsequent manga written by Ito, nine feature films, and a novel.
His name is Omby Amby, but this was so obliquely stated that he also became known briefly as Wantowin Battles.
He appears throughout various novels as an alcoholic, and a philanthropist who claims to be a volunteer fireman.
Mulan's supervising animator was Mark Henn, who deliberately designed the character so that she would appear less feminine than her predecessors.
Following the discovery that Mo is actually Adele's cousin the pair begin to feud.
Bea Smith is a fictional character from the Australian television drama Wentworth, portrayed by Danielle Cormack.
HAL 9000 is voiced by Douglas Rain in the two feature film adaptations of the Space Odyssey series.
He has an unusual habit of calling Dr. Forrester "Steve".
In 2010, Entertainment Weekly ranked him the 55th Greatest Character of the Last 20 Years.
She is worried that she will lose the life she is building in the town.
Jodie Dallas was a source of controversy for the series.
His elder sister is Qin Keqing, Baoyu's nephew Jia Rong's wife, and so he is technically a generation younger than Baoyu.
The Old English name Ælfwine means "Elf-friend".
You are swearing now that some day you will destroy me.
In spite of considerable development, the platooning system was never made to work properly, and the cars tended to bump and jar in testing.
Aladdin's parents were too poor to provide clothing for their son.
Ellen Louise Ripley is a fictional character and the protagonist of the Alien film series played by American actress Sigourney Weaver.
In The Closer spinoff, Major Crimes, Taylor becomes the Assistant Chief of Operations for the LAPD.
In The Empire Strikes Back, Leia commands a Rebel base and evades Vader as she falls in love with the smuggler, Han Solo.
Grover was originally performed by Frank Oz from his earliest appearances.
He uses his keen powers of observation, deduction, and knowledge of social engineering coupled with his genius to help lead the investigations.
George Ashley Wilkes is a fictional character in Margaret Mitchell's 1936 novel Gone with the Wind and the later film of the same name.
W. Awdry and his son, Christopher; he also appears in the spin-off television series Thomas & Friends.
In 1837, Jin-Qua arranged for May-May, his favorite granddaughter, to become Dirk Struan's mistress.
Heath bought the sheep at an obvious markup from the previous sale showing sympathy for Drover and a possible crush on Grace.
She had two brothers, the younger of whom is dead; she visits his grave to speak with him in "Sins of the Past".
Alice lives in Los Angeles, California, and mostly hangs out in West Hollywood.
The son of a South Sea chieftain who left home to explore the world, Queequeg is the first principal character encountered by the narrator, Ishmael.
His name has become synonymous with being a sycophant.
The character also appears in the television series The Lion Guard, with Gabrielle Union replacing Kelly as the voice of Nala.
He tends to worry about his riches and neglect the needs of his employees, SpongeBob and Squidward.
He takes on the hereditary office of Master of Ritual following the death of his father, and accepts Steerpike as his assistant.
Mashimaro merchandise can be found on the internet and in Korean communities around the world.
The immorality and ruthlessness of the drug trade gradually wears on his conscience, bringing him into conflict with the Barksdale leadership, most notably Stringer Bell.
She is also the inspiration for Laetitia Kadiri in the French version of the show, Le Bureau, and Anne Viens in the Québécois version, La Job.
Interior illustration artists Ruth Sanderson and Paul Frame depict the character with bobbed, permed hair, simpler than her friends but not really short in comparison.
Sue is the main antagonist throughout the series' run.
Because of this, she treated Mark with open hostility, although this conflict was quickly resolved.
He is the son of Steven and Gabrielle Deschain and is descended from a long line of "gunslingers", peacekeepers and diplomats of Roland's society.
The character is portrayed by Lindsay Crouse.
Rachel Verinder is a character in Wilkie Collins' 1868 novel The Moonstone.
The film, written by Hampton Fancher and David Peoples, is an adaptation of the 1968 novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?
In 2016, Rolling Stone ranked him #16 of their "40 Greatest TV Villains of All Time".
As the Warblers' lead vocalist and subsequent New Directions member, Blaine has performed a number of songs on the television series.
Fred Figglehorn is a fictional character created and portrayed by American actor Lucas Cruikshank.
Ilana is killed when a bag of dynamite she is carrying explodes unexpectedly.
Detective Calleigh Duquesne is a fictional character on the CBS crime drama CSI: Miami, portrayed by Emily Procter.
The Gryphon is a fictional character devised by Lewis Carroll in the popular book Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
Edith Prickley was a character in all six seasons of the Canadian sketch comedy series SCTV.
The song itself is used in some Sanrio Puroland events.
He is listed on Forbes' fictional list of the top 15 richest characters as number 11, with a wealth of approximately $1.3 billion.
Beans the Cat is an animated cartoon character in the Warner Bros. Looney Tunes series of cartoons from 1935-1936.
Kaikeyi was a daughter of king Ashwapati.
He also appeared in The Godfather: The Game, where the player kills him in an act of revenge.
In the pilot episode, her last name was given as Hollingsworth, but this was somewhat "corrected" in later episodes by making this her maiden name.
Shortly after winning the Parola Sands Race, her Grandson Alan Tracy picks her up so she can move to Tracy Island.
In June 2007, Reubens appeared as Pee-wee Herman for the first time since 1991 at Spike TV's Guys' Choice Awards.
Allegra "Allie" Kingston is a fictional character from the Australian television drama City Homicide, portrayed by Nadia Townsend.
This would be one of the two major factors in her suicide attempt.
His skits are among those on the show that parody commercial media.
In The Hunting of the Snark, however, the creature is described in much greater depth.
Tina lives in Los Angeles, California, and mostly hangs out in West Hollywood.
He was portrayed by David Hyde Pierce.
He also appears in the 1999 full-length feature film South Park: Bigger, Longer & Uncut, as well as South Park-related media and merchandise.
Eguchi was announced as the group's newest member in June 2011.
He also went on to appear in a total of eight novels.
He appeared in 198 episodes, and was replaced by Laurence Fishburne and, later, Ted Danson.
He is portrayed by actor Mark Indelicato.
Lawson soon becomes friends with protagonist Anne Welles and describes her life: she is Irish and Scottish, and her birth name was actually Helen Laughlin.
Charlotte Goldenblatt, is a fictional character on the HBO-produced television series Sex and the City.
In the years 2259 and 2260, Ulkesh served as the Vorlon ambassador to Minbar.
Paul "Jesus" Monroe is a fictional character from the comic book series The Walking Dead.
At some point she was sent to the late 1980s where she remained, apparently without a mission.
Joey appeared in all episodes of the series, which ran from 1998–2003.
Tracy Beaker is the lead character in the Tracy Beaker franchise.
In both adaptations, Elphaba is also called by several nicknames including Elphie, Fabala, Sister Aelphaba, Auntie Witch, and Fae.
He is the son of Godzilla, and is sometimes referenced as Minya in the American dubbed versions.
Michael, known to all simply as 'Binkley,' is a 10-year-old boy who lives at the Bloom County Boarding House with his father Tom.
Together with his journalist wife Louise, affectionately known as Steve after her pen name "Steve Trent", he solves whodunnit crimes through subtle, humorously articulated deduction.
Horace first appeared as Mickey's plow horse in the cartoon The Plow Boy in 1929.
Created by comedian Bill Cosby, Clair is based on Cosby's own wife, Camille.
Muzha is a figure in Chinese mythology and a god in Chinese traditional religion.
The guide is published by "Megadodo Publications", a publishing company on Ursa Minor Beta.
Adele's other storylines have focused around her relationship with Jesse Law.
His full designation was only occasionally mentioned on the show.
Alex Vause is a fictional character played by Laura Prepon on the Netflix series Orange Is the New Black.
Mr. Johnson was mainly performed by Jerry Nelson and is mostly seen as a customer at Charlie's Restaurant.
The character appears in the logo and is the mascot of Mauricio de Sousa Produções, the company founded by Sousa to release his works.
Once while in France, he was escorted out of the Louvre for being too "spectacular".
Butt-Head is a fictional character from the MTV animated series Beavis and Butt-Head.
In the unaired Rugrats pilot episode, Tommy was voiced by Tami Holbrook.
Ben's childhood is further explored in the fifth season of the series, partially set in 1977.
Professor Hubert J. Farnsworth, or simply Professor, is a fictional character in the American animated television series Futurama.
Elizabeth "Betty" Jean Rubble is a cartoon character in the television animated series The Flintstones and its spin-offs and live-action motion pictures.
Furio Giunta, played by Federico Castelluccio, is a fictional character on the HBO TV series The Sopranos.
Their story is recounted in the Hindu epic, the Ramayana.
Distinctly, Satsu is also a brief love interest for Buffy; Satsu is an out lesbian.
She has a bond with Xing Xiuyan, whom she taught to read and write, and with Baoyu, once sending Baoyu a greeting during his birthday.
In December 2003, Håkan became the main character in Sveriges Television's Christmas calendar, a TV-series with the same name.
Christy has received mixed commentary from critics—much of it relating to her storyline with Billie, which was compared to those from previous seasons.
Carmine Marino is a fictional character who plays a prominent role in the novel The Godfather Returns and in its sequel, The Godfather's Revenge.
Glee follows the trials of the New Directions glee club at the fictional William McKinley High School in the town of Lima, Ohio.
Edward featured in his own book, Edward the Blue Engine in 1954.
India also implies that there had always been more to Scarlett and Ashley's relationship than was apparent.
Oscar Grosnez Corbière Claud Puffin, known as Oscar Puffin, is a television station mascot for ITV Channel Television.
The direction of her character is contrasted between the two mediums.
Though it is likely she has many relatives, only the voice of her Aunt Chloe has been heard on the show.
James Robert Anthony Adams is the main character in the first series of the acclaimed book series CHERUB by British author Robert Muchamore.
Calm and wisecracking, his humor is characterized as deadpan and as such, is one of few Muppets who is rarely flustered by the show's prevalent mayhem.
Thelma Lou or Thel by boyfriend Barney Fife is a character on the American television sitcom The Andy Griffith Show.
TV Guide included Wile E. Coyote in its 2013 list of The 60 Nastiest Villains of All Time.
John Wemmick is a fictional character in Charles Dickens's novel Great Expectations.
In numerous cases Willam decided the accused was innocent.
Played by Scottish-American actor Kevin McKidd in the series, Lucius Vorenus is introduced as a main character in the pilot episode, "The Stolen Eagle".
It stars Marlon Brando and Al Pacino as the leaders of a fictional New York crime family.
Darvand creatures appear in Anne Eliza Smith's novel "Seola" published in 1878.
In Fire Ice, Medusa and Serpent, Zavala drives a 1961 Corvette.
The Greek is a fictional character on the HBO drama The Wire, played by actor Bill Raymond.
In the film, he is portrayed by Eli Wallach.
He was raised in Arizona and California.
Kali possessed Nala and was defeated by his brother Pushkara.
Doll is noted for her wide repertoire of colourful insults and her sudden switches from wild tirades to sentimental intimacy and back again.
Niki is the wife of D. L. Hawkins and mother of Micah Sanders.
His first appearance was in the short Cool Cat in 1967.
Al Bundy is a fictional character and the essential protagonist of the U.S. television series Married... with Children, played by Ed O'Neill.
The 2010 film stars Jeff Bridges as Cogburn.
Producers soon brought the character back and Gilet was promoted to the show's regular cast.
Alexander Brandtner is a fictional character from the police drama television series Inspector Rex, which airs on ORF and Sat.1 in the Austria.
The name of Beauregard may have been chosen after the famous Confederate General P. G. T. Beauregard.
Huey, Dewey, and Louie are the nephews of Donald Duck and the grandnephews of Scrooge McDuck.
Dexter rescues her, but initially thinks he has no choice but to kill her in order to eliminate a witness.
In 1997, he earned a total of $32,000.
Kilgore Trout is a fictional character created by author Kurt Vonnegut.
Other than passing mentions in Harris' sequel The Silence of the Lambs, he does not appear in any other book of the Lecter series.
She is the de facto female lead.
As part of his efforts to protect his father, Gordon Chen arranged the assassination of Gorth Brock and sought a cure for May-May's malaria.
He lives in a moai between SpongeBob SquarePants' and Patrick Star's houses.
Family Ties reflected the move in the United States away from the cultural liberalism of the 1960s and 1970s to the conservatism of the 1980s.
For his portrayal, Galecki was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award and a Golden Globe Award in 2011.
The Bridge School Benefit was an annual charity concert held in Mountain View, California, every October at the Shoreline Amphitheatre.
Bledel's performance throughout the series' run earned her a Young Artist Award, a Family Television Award and two Teen Choice Awards.
It was nominated for eleven Academy Awards, however, and became the first sequel to win for Best Picture.
For more than ten years, Omar has made his living holding up drug dealers, and staying alive "one day at a time".
He is a 30-year-old sales representative for paper merchants Wernham Hogg.
She is an exaggerated version of a prototype middle twentieth century lower middle class grandmother in the southern United States.
Drake is described as tall and slouching, frequently wearing an expression of droll humor.
She is characterised as a forthright, intelligent and unafraid to challenge the hospital hierarchy.
The terms knight and man-at-arms are often used interchangeably, but while all knights equipped for war certainly were men-at-arms, not all men-at-arms were knights.
The family name is referred to briefly in the opening chapter of Requiem for a Nun.
When he saw Vishnu asleep, he seized the opportunity and brutally assaulted the defenseless Mother Earth.
Karna fought against misfortune throughout his life and kept his word under all circumstances.
However, Piper and Leo reconnect towards the end of season six, resulting in a second son named Chris.
Heinrich von Ofterdingen is a fabled, quasi-fictional Middle High German lyric poet and Minnesinger mentioned in the 13th century epic of the Sängerkrieg on the Wartburg.
He and the rest of the cast were nominated for Screen Actors Guild Awards for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series in 2011.
Motley's Crew was an American newspaper comic strip by Ben Templeton and Tom Forman with satirical social commentary.
Once she escapes at the end of the second season, she flees Mystic Falls almost immediately.
The leader of the Enchanted Forest's War Council who is comatose in Storybrooke.
It was then that Douglas, already unhappy with the ending, decided more rewrites were required.
And in a short film he is voiced by Andrew Stanton.
In 1864, Damon became a vampire after being shot by his father with Katherine's blood in his system.
Chopra had said that she saw this role as an opportunity to represent South Asians and break Indian stereotypes in Hollywood and all over the world.
The character was created by George Lucas and has been portrayed by numerous actors.
It faced extinction after the colonisation of the island by the Dutch.
Her grateful parents invite him to their mansion where, before a group of prominent Chicagoans, Alexandrakis is finally able to lecture on his beloved Greece.
He serves as an informant, leaking information to FBI Special Agent Fox Mulder to aid Mulder's investigation of paranormal cases, dubbed X-Files.
She was introduced in the first episode of the series "No Place Like Home", broadcast on 1 May 2013.
According to the narration of Jet Fuel Formula, Peachfuzz was, from his youngest days, an incompetent sailor.
Both the character of Rust Cohle and Matthew McConaughey's performance have received critical acclaim.
Theodore "Theo" Boone is a fictional character in a children's book series by John Grisham.
The novel was adapted into a 1969 film, True Grit, and from that a 1975 sequel entitled Rooster Cogburn was also produced.
He is also displayed as being emotionally broken from the pain he endured due to his family being killed by zombies.
He is central to many of the successful high-end drug investigations that take place within the series.
Once realizing his incapability in prowess, Chen would flee while unleashing his poisoned arrows at Huang.
The couple reunite midway through season two, and Rose reveals the Island has healed her.
Dinky Doodle was a cartoon character created by Walter Lantz for Bray Productions in 1924.
They have three young children - a boy, Zack; a girl, Alley; and an unnamed baby - to whom Beau is very close.
In Jerzy Hoffman's 1969 film adaptation, Krzysia is portrayed by Barbara Brylska.
Laura Ballard is a fictional character in Homicide: Life on the Street, played by Callie Thorne.
Big Brother is a fictional character and symbol in George Orwell's novel Nineteen Eighty-Four.
He is able to make himself heard to them but they cannot speak to him, although they may make signs or mouth words.
Evil's henchwoman and tries to help in his schemes to terrorize and take over the world.
Nathan was awarded a scholarship for 100,000 dollars, plus a five-day trip to Disneyland.
Ulysses Paxton is a fictional character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs in his novel The Master Mind of Mars.
Margaret Joseph "Peggy" Hill is a fictional character in the Fox animated series King of the Hill
However, the crew do welcome him and he fast becomes 'one of them', proving himself Navy-worthy.
While fan response to the character was mixed overall, critical reception was generally negative.
In the 1944 production, she was played by Barbara Stanwyck.
Scaramanga's signature weapon is a golden gun.
Wilson was born in 1887, and is carefree, cheerful and well-spoken, although more complex than he first seems.
A young Livia, played by Laila Robins and later by Laurie J. Williams is sometimes seen in flashbacks.
Unser ends up retiring, but due to the expenses of his cancer treatment is forced to sell his house and business and moves into a trailer.
Although his ideas typically are sensible and occasionally even revolutionary, seldom does anyone pursue them because he is powerless.
The character was created by Joshua Safran and is portrayed by Priyanka Chopra, who became the first South Asian to lead an American network series.
Today, Miss Foozie is not a “drag queen”.
Beans was the third Looney Tunes cartoon character star after Bosko and Buddy.
He is also mentioned in The Merry Wives of Windsor.
The BBC produced two audio dramas during 1998 and 1999 that feature original cast members and broadcast by Radio 4.
General Kuvira is a fictional character and a character in The Legend of Korra, created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko.
Soon enough, Randeng Daoren would thrust Li Jing forward to fight.
Licensed characters like Sonic the Hedgehog and Mega Man are not included in this list.
The Skipper is lovable but is irritated continually by the clumsiness and ineptitude of his "little buddy" Gilligan, despite that they are good friends.
Her introduction to the show was controversial and featured the discovery that her grandfather Joe Goodridge was an escaped Nazi war criminal.
Robert "Bob" Kelso, M.D., is a fictional character played by Ken Jenkins in the American comedy-drama Scrubs.
Bobbi originally starts dating Steve Dallas, but is swept off her feet by Cutter John.
At first Goblet appeared with round glasses and a goatee beard, but the beard was later removed.
Henry's firstadventure was in "The Sad Story of Henry", the third story in the Railway Series book The Three Railway Engines.
Howell was included on Forbes Magazine's 2006 list of the 15 richest fictional characters.
Chen Zhen is a fictional character created by Hong Kong writer Ni Kuang.
Her storylines have seen her interact with other members of the glee club and form a relationship with Noah Puckerman.
Mr. Hooper ranked first of all human characters of the show in recognition by young viewers.
Robert "Bobby" Simone is a fictional character in the television series NYPD Blue.
A warrior of just sixteen, he took the gaze of his father as his command and left for battle in his flying chariot.
He is the protagonist in The Warlord of the Air, The Land Leviathan, The Steel Tsar, and appears in other stories too.
The character had a relationship with Luc Hemingway, which proved popular with viewers.
He was born of a noble family, and trained as a knight.
In the comic book series, she joins Rick Grimes' group after they leave Hershel Greene's farm and go to DC.
The character is an avid collector of cars, a characteristic shared with his creator, Clive Cussler.
The monster was originally going to be named "Hedoron", though this changed once the TV series Spectreman introduced a character with an identical name.
Silvio is a movie and film connoisseur and has an encyclopedic mind for movie lines.
Raymond "Buffalo Ray" Curto, played by George Loros, is a fictional character on the HBO original series The Sopranos.
Jeremy Renner stars in the fourth film of the franchise, The Bourne Legacy, released in August 2012.
Janet "Jan" Levinson is a recurring fictional character from the US television series The Office.
He is a stuffed cowboy character that leads the other toys in adventures in the movies.
This is a list of characters from the American/French/British animated television series Robotboy.
This results in Phoebe often playing mediator between Piper and Paige, much like Piper used to be for her and Prue.
Detective Megan Russert is a fictional character on Homicide: Life on the Street played by Isabella Hofmann.
They are similar to other monster families who appeared on television during the same time period.
However, Gus is ruthless and Machiavellian in managing his vast drug empire.
Rick struggles to keep his humanity intact throughout the series.
Number Six is a family of fictional characters from the reimagined science fiction television series, Battlestar Galactica.
and its spin-off series The Girl from U.N.C.L.E..
Her sister Emily's first husband was a viscount and Emily's second husband is a rising politician.
This is as result of the show's cancellation from NBC after one and a half seasons.
He is portrayed by James Spader in the 1994 film Stargate, and by Michael Shanks in Stargate SG-1 and other SG-1 derived media.
It was first syndicated by what is known today as Tribune Media Services on September 6 of that year.
He is portrayed by American actor Timothy Omundson.
Mahone manages to escape, and is coerced into taking down the Company, a secret group of multinationals which exerts an influence on the White House.
Professor Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore is a fictional character in J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter series.
Telly is a triangle lover, and he has a pet hamster, Chuckie Sue.
The character is a popular design on bags, hats, clothing, umbrellas, belt buckles, pet collars and other items.
In the epic Mahabharata, Ambalika is the daughter of Kashya, the King of Kashi, and wife of Vichitravirya, the King of Hastinapur.
She makes a brief cameo appearance at Princess Ozma's birthday party in The Road to Oz, but is otherwise only mentioned elsewhere in the series.
In John R. Neill's books, Ojo is attendant to Kabumpo.
Tom appears twice in season four in the flashbacks of other characters.
The novels have been adapted as nine TV films.
It was aired in the United States on April 18, 2007, on ABC.
He is played by Rainn Wilson in the movie Sahara.
By season eight, Lois begins to realize that she is falling in love with Clark, and by season nine the two become an official couple.
She constantly tries to control the lives of her sister, husband, children, co-workers, and friends.
those with sufficient influence and power, and joins the Special Branch, in which he becomes an inspector.
She is a young female soldier in Marlo Stanfield's drug dealing organization, the earliest protégé of Chris Partlow.
Jodie Dallas is a fictional character from the 1977 American sitcom Soap.
The Green Cross Code replaced the earlier Kerb Drill pedestrian safety campaign; the Kerb Drill's military style was deemed confusing to children by safety authorities.
Other actresses auditioned for the role of Diane Chambers.
He first appears in the 2006 film Kirthi Chakra, and later in the sequels Kurukshetra, Kandahar, and 1971: Beyond Borders.
Pocahontas is also the first Disney Princess to have two love interests.
He is portrayed by actor Michael J.
The three were voiced by Verna Felton, Barbara Jo Allen, and Barbara Luddy, respectively.
In subsequent shows, Bobo travels with the Lawgiver, who turns out to be Pearl Forrester.
Riley Freeman is a character from the syndicated comic strip The Boondocks written by Aaron McGruder and its TV series adaptation.
The portrayal of Forrest in the novel is notably different from the portrayal in the film.
She gained fame in May 2006 as the runner-up on the fifth season of American Idol.
Francis "Frank" Sobotka is a fictional character in season two of the HBO drama The Wire, played by the actor Chris Bauer.
The "Lassie" character has appeared in radio, television, film, toys, comic books, animated series, juvenile novels, and other media.
He is portrayed by James Van Der Beek.
Ernest Defarge is a fictional character in Charles Dickens' novel, A Tale of Two Cities.
"Kommissar X" is a private detective named Joe Louis Walker who was a counterpart of the German crime fiction FBI Special Agent Jerry Cotton.
Battlestar Galactica is an American science fiction television series, created by Glen A. Larson, that began the Battlestar Galactica franchise.
The move eventually caught on and became the character's hallmark.
Hunt Stockwell appeared on The A-Team in its final season.
Noodle is a fictional Japanese musician and member of the British virtual band Gorillaz.
Tsathoggua is a supernatural entity in the Cthulhu Mythos shared fictional universe.
Monteith as Finn won the 2011 Teen Choice Award for Choice TV: Actor Comedy, and was nominated in the same category in 2010.
He is the father of Uuno's wife Elisabeth Turhapuro, Uuno's father-in-law and married with Reetta Tuura, Elisabeth's mother.
She made her debut screen appearance in the pilot episode "Covert Aggression in Netball", which was broadcast on the Seven Network on 22 March 2011.
Sir Arthur "Art" Holmwood is a fictional character of Bram Stoker's novel Dracula.
She is an athletic tomboy, and is not easily scared when involved in Nancy's sleuthing.
The publishers of most of Kakababu adventure books are Ananda Publishers, based in Kolkata, India.
Quentin Compson is a fictional character created by William Faulkner.
Councillor Tuura can't stand his son-in-law Uuno; because of him he has become a nervous wreck.
Craig Middlebrooks is a fictional character on the NBC sitcom Parks and Recreation.
Martinez is introduced in the 27th issue of the comic book series in April 2006 as the loyal second-in-command to The Governor.
He is the Archdeacon of Notre Dame.
The actor also appeared as Lumpy in the sequel series, The New Leave It to Beaver.
He provides voice-overs that reveal his internal thoughts and an overall narration in the show, often linking the story arcs in each episode thematically.
John "Jack" Aubrey, JP MP FRS is a fictional character in the Aubrey–Maturin series of novels by Patrick O'Brian.
They have a very close relationship, and he is very protective of her.
However, this era is mentioned as "Vikrama Samvat" only after the 9th century CE.
Many critics have taken unkindly to this form of storytelling.
He was referred as Maharathi by Bhishma in the Ganguli translation of the Chatahurdi compilation.
Helen Lawrence is the main female protagonist of Anne Brontë's 1848 novel The Tenant of Wildfell Hall.
This is a list of characters in The Worst Witch, a series of children's books written and illustrated by Jill Murphy.
This is a list of fictional characters from the Ravenloft campaign setting for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
The political rivalry between the two kings is sometimes also extended to patronage of language, with Vikramaditya supporting Sanskrit and Shalivahana supporting Prakrit.
Before his addition to the animated shorts, the name "Sweet Pea" was a term of affection used by main character Popeye.
His expertise on Ancient technology is only surpassed by Dr. Rodney McKay, with whom he shares a friendly rivalry.
Her blindness is a result of a prank orchestrated by Alison DiLaurentis, making it the Liars' deadliest secret until Hanna Marin accidentally runs over Archer Dunhill.
Both the character and its portrayer were hits with the show's audience.
Maude Findlay is a fictional character and the main title character on the controversial 1970s sitcom Maude.
Bubsy is a series of platforming video games created by Michael Berlyn and developed and published by Accolade.
The change also allowed them to tell an origin story, where the character discovers that she has powers.
The film's screenwriter, Paul Schrader, based the character on Arthur Bremer, the attempted assassin of George Wallace.
In this series he made ten TV films and six theatrical films in Bengali on the character.
The character is loosely based on the real ex-girlfriend of Piper Kerman, author of Orange Is the New Black: My Year in a Women's Prison.
With a long red beard, eyes like two golden bells, and duel golden axes by his side, Chong Heihu was a feared man of great prowess.
He is characterized by a "jaunty feather stuck in a band around his head and carrying a sword in one hand."
Campbell-Black's first appearance is in the novel Riders, which follows the lives and loves of a group of horse riders and show-jumpers.
Alan Gordon Partridge is a fictional character portrayed by English actor and comedian Steve Coogan.
Doug made his debut screen appearance in the pilot episode "Covert Aggression in Netball", which was broadcast on 22 March 2011.
He is part of the team aboard the freighter Kahana that is offshore the island.
Cowboy in the next toilet stall: Yeah, that's right!
He is known for having an open heart with a large welcome mat, which women frequently flit in and out of.
"Any boy bringing in mud or dirt on his plimsolls will be thrashed.
Marmaduke Mouse is a funny animal created in 1945 by Ernie Hart for Quality Comics.
Samuel "Mayday" Malone is a fictional character on the American television show Cheers, portrayed by Ted Danson and created by Glen and Les Charles.
The character's main characteristic is that he wants everything his way and he wants it immediately.
Geoffrey, Zippy, Bungle, Rod, Jane, Freddy would say "goodbye" normally, followed by a one-second pause and then George's own "good by-eye".
She resigns towards the end of the second series to move with fiancé Lee to Florida to stay with Lee's sister's family.
In the third season Vivian underwent open heart surgery.
Guy is a consultant neurosurgeon and Holby City Hospital's chief executive officer until he resigns from his CEO position.
Toy Story Midway Mania!, in Disney California Adventure at the Disneyland Resort, also features a large talking Mr.
He also appeared in the 2001 TV series House of Mouse as a teenage parking valet.
After the pair temporarily split in season two, a love triangle forms between Piper, Leo, and her neighbor Dan Gordon.
Richard Moser is a fictional character from the police drama television series Inspector Rex, which airs on ORF and Sat.1 in the Austria.
In early episodes, Barney had a "joisey" accent, but when Barney's accent was getting too annoying, it was changed to a deeper, more chuckle-like voice.
A son, whom they named Babruvahana, was born to them..
Having found this out, and knowing that she also planned to kill Rick's daughter, Carol made the decision to kill Lizzie.
Lance Sweets, Ph.D., Psy.D., is a fictional character in the American television series Bones.
Originally known as simply Jak, both characters received equal billing after the popularity of Todd from readership.
Despite this, most staff and residents think of him fondly.
After encountering Aaron, the group is brought to the Alexandria Safe-Zone where Sasha becomes the lookout in the bell-tower.
But this does not come to pass.
Initially obedient, Rick and the others secretly conspire with other communities in the Washington, D.C. area to prepare for war against the Saviors.
Farnsworth is the mad scientist proprietor of the Planet Express delivery service, for whom the main characters work.
Jack Reacher is a fictional character and the protagonist of a series of books by British author Lee Child.
fan watching a scene with Higgins in it.
Stahl's methods are often ruthless, and include murdering her own girlfriend to get what she wants.
Rome Historical Consultant Jonathan Stamp has said that the character was based on more well-known Roman women of the period, like Clodia.
Johansen is a US Air Force medic who comes from a poor background.
Later in 2003, Indian Railways decided to permanently retain it as the official mascot.
He has a vast range of phobias including stage fright, commitment, his mother, spiders, large birds, germs, change and hard work.
The character also made appearances in novels and a comic book.
Nora Grey is the fictional protagonist of the Hush, Hush series by author Becca Fitzpatrick.
Brody has a friendly rivalry with Daniel Krumitz.
In the cartoon Northwest Hounded Police, Droopy's last name was given as "McPoodle".
He is also an important character in the Star Wars expanded universe of television series, video games, novels, literature and comic books.
Upon Zhang's rather quick defeat, he would attempt to use his One-Hundred-Crucible twin hammers against Huang Feihu; an action that truly resulted in failure.
He was the focus of Holby City's 2007 Christmas episode, based on the 1964 film It's a Wonderful Life.
In the BBC film adaptation, Fuchsia is portrayed by Scottish actress Neve McIntosh.
Once Yunzhongzi unleashes Leizhenzi to save Ji Chang, he is not shown again for some time.
Like other Lost actors, Durand was not informed of his character's arc when he won the role.
The character also appears in the video game Enter the Matrix and the MMORPG The Matrix Online.
"The Isuzu Impulse: faster than a speeding—[catches a bullet in his teeth]—well, you know."
Despite his dedication to his heritage, it has sometimes backfired on him.
Xiangling is a kind girl who is much loved by Aunt Xue and Xue Baochai.
He was an example of everything that is opposed to civic duty, of the most complete and malignant individualism.
Hou Jian is a fictional character in Water Margin, one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature.
William Orville "Bill" Henrickson is a fictional character in the HBO series Big Love, portrayed by Bill Paxton.
Medea Clytemnestra Strong-In-The-Arm Lindenshield is a fictional character and the chief antagonist from Stuart Hill's fantasy trilogy of books called The Icemark Chronicles.
Ruth Sorenson also known as Grandma Sorenson is a main character in Brandon Mull's fantasy series Fablehaven.
Each Ishmael, however, experiences a miraculous rescue; in the Bible from thirst, here from drowning.
Although her fate at the end of the film remains ambiguous, it's implied that she is the tenth and final survivor to die.
As a struggling actor, he is constantly looking for work.
He was killed by Rama, along with his brother Dushana when he attacked Rama after Shurpanakha's humiliation.
When Long left the series during the fifth season, the producers wrote her character out.
In the original trilogy, he is a mentor to Luke Skywalker, to whom he introduces the ways of the Jedi.
The ploy of well-known, predictable music pieces gone awry has been practiced by artists as diverse as Stan Freberg, Spike Jones and P. D. Q. Bach.
According to Commander Adama, Roslin said she saw similarities between Keikeya and the late President Richard Adar and believed that Keikeya would be President one day.
Sooklek is a Thai cartoon character created by Prayoon Chanyavongs in the likay style.
He has a good relationship with Sheila but a difficult relationship with Sylvia.
Ifor Williams speculated that he was once the focal character of the Mabinogi as a whole, although some subsequent scholars disagree with this theory.
She repeatedly appears at critical moments in Pinocchio's wanderings to admonish the little wooden puppet to avoid bad or risky behavior.
Roberta, did not appear until the tenth and final episode of the series, Siblingitis.
A treatise is accredited to him in the Bhagavata Purana in which Prahlāda describes the process of loving worship to his Lord Vishnu.
However, she soon discovers that the family is a coven of vampires.
William Boot is a fictional journalist who is the protagonist in the 1938 Evelyn Waugh comic novel Scoop.
Her first on-screen appearance was in the episode "Four Months Later...", though the character was featured earlier in the graphic novel "Maya y Alejandro".
Hannah was created and designed by series creator and executive producer Kyle Killen after he created and developed the series Lone Star for the Fox network.
Also, unlike many other characters of the first season, who were rewritten based on their actors, Boone was largely the same through production.
In May 2011, Tess resigned from her position and resumed the role of Band 7 Ward Sister, with Linda Andrews taking over her previous position.
Subsequently, Bunter has appeared in novels, on television, in stage plays, and in comic strips.
A limited range of Blake's 7 merchandise was issued, and books, magazines and annuals published.
She was a regular character in the Gobots cartoon and star of the film Gobots: Battle of the Rock Lords voiced by Marilyn Lightstone.
Norby is a fictional robot created by Janet Asimov and Isaac Asimov who stars in his own series of children's science fiction books, The Norby Chronicles.
In the episode "The Deadly Mantis," the Earth was destroyed, when Professor Bobo and Dr. Peanut helped their mutant neighbors fix their thermonuclear device.
When asked her musical preference, she says she is "a Crazy Horse kind of girl."
Stuart ranked at #48 in the AfterElton.com's 2010 poll, Top 50 Gay Characters of All Time.
She has a pregnancy scare but is later diagnosed with ovarian cysts which have to be removed.
This other sister had a daughter, Raymond's cousin Mabel Denham, who was accused of murdering her husband, Geoffrey.
He is played in all four films by Mel Gibson.
His weapon of choice is the FN Five-seven semi-automatic pistol.
Following the breakup of the band, John begins singing toned-down solo acoustic children's versions of his songs at the Strickland company barbecue and becomes instantly popular.
Warren Ferguson is portrayed by Jack Burns.
When driving, he is often heard playing Pat Benatar songs, including the hits "Hit Me With Your Best Shot" and "Heartbreaker".
Dr. Julius No is a fictional character and the main antagonist in the 1958 James Bond novel and 1962 film Dr. No.
These facts are often presented in one-liners delivered by Morris, many of which she has ad-libbed.
Sphere is an innovative saxophone player modelled on Ornette Coleman, though Sphere is also Thelonious Monk's middle name.
She married Alex in the series' one-hundredth episode, and afterwards, her tumor was successfully removed.
The character is a cancer sufferer who is incarcerated in Litchfield federal prison because she committed armed bank robberies.
Jareth, the Goblin King is a fictional character and the main antagonist of the 1986 fantasy movie Labyrinth.
As he says himself, "Bouncing is what Tiggers do best."
Assistant Chief Russell Taylor was a fictional character featured in TNT's The Closer, portrayed by Robert Gossett.
In the final episode of the series Mac is selected as commander of Joint Legal Service Center Southwest, a JAG office in San Diego, California.
After becoming a homicide detective, he received a raise of $2,000.
Born at the end of Dune Messiah, Ghanima is a central character in Children of Dune.
King Kong is a giant movie monster, resembling a giant ape, that has appeared in various media since 1933.
Old Yeller's puppy helps him get over Old Yeller's death.
She was portrayed by the Emmy-winning actress Bea Arthur.
Gaby Gob gets a Letter from the King
Alexei Volkoff is the alias and alter ego of Hartley Winterbottom, a fictional character on the television series Chuck.
He is depicted as a large, slug-like alien.
Amy Semigran of MTV commented, "Turns out their strategy, as well as Sam's crush on singing partner Quinn Fabray, worked.
Nonetheless, merchandise featuring the character found success and her figure was the bestselling of all Force Awakens action figures on Amazon.co.uk.
According to series creator David Chase the name Junior was taken from one of his own older cousins.
She works mostly with surgeon "Mac" Macartney and anaesthetist Dr.
It was first published in Blackwood's Magazine in November 1900.
The boys sometimes quarrel but make up when the clouds pass.
He is friends with Michael Lee and Randy Wagstaff and often bullies Duquan "Dukie" Weems.
The patriarch of the Munster household, Herman is an entity much like Frankenstein's monster, comparable to Lurch on the show's competitor, The Addams Family.
Described as "Gan's crazy side", the Crimson King is the ultimate ruler of the Red, and the archetypal embodiment of evil in Stephen King's fictional multiverse.
The role was later played by Howard Morton in the 1980s television series The Munsters Today.
The list includes the series main characters, recurring characters, minor characters, as well a list of the 4400 returnees.
Kevin Volchok is a fictional character on the FOX television series The O.C., portrayed by Cam Gigandet.
He would reprise the role in Hannibal in 2001 and in a second adaptation of Red Dragon made in 2002 under the original title.
The Child Catcher is employed by Baron Bomburst and Baroness Bomburst to snatch and imprison children on the streets of Vulgaria.
Hercule Poirot is a fictional Belgian detective, created by Agatha Christie.
She is also a very talented poet and highly learned, maybe even more so than Xiangyun and Daiyu.
Venus Flytrap is a character on the television situation comedy WKRP in Cincinnati, played by Tim Reid.
He is also the spiritual leader of the surviving colonists, leading the quest for Earth.
She first appears as a guest star in the seventh season, where she interviewed for the Regional Manager position at the Dunder Mifflin Scranton branch.
Virgil's specialist expertise is in Demolition, Heavy Lifting and Logistics.
On the 25th anniversary of the show's debut, Rolling Stone ranked Uncle Leo as No.
You, my friend, will enjoy the same fate!"
Although Karev and Stevens had an on-off romantic history in previous seasons, it was not until the fifth season that the two formed a lasting relationship.
Abel Magwitch is a fictional character from Charles Dickens' 1861 novel, Great Expectations.
Darryl Eric Morris is an American football cornerback for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League.
Woody has a motion picture star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on 7000 Hollywood Boulevard.
The series follow the lives of the inmates and officers at Wentworth Correctional Centre.
He first appeared in The Patchwork Girl of Oz.
She becomes a prominent point of view character in the novels beginning in A Feast for Crows and A Dance with Dragons.
While he has often been compared to Shakespearean character of Falstaff, he also goes through extensive character development, becoming a jovial and cunning hero.
Barbara Havers is a fictional detective in The Inspector Lynley series created by American mystery author Elizabeth George.
Basil has called him a drunken old sod.
Follmer was portrayed by British actor, Cary Elwes.
The characters are all police personnel at Sun Hill police station in London.
The Talking Cricket is a fictional character that appears in Carlo Collodi's 1883 book The Adventures of Pinocchio.
She later earns the title of Master Waterbender from Master Pakku of the Northern Water Tribe at the age of fourteen.
Oswald Bastable is a fictional character created by Michael Moorcock.
He obeyed his father decision by that we could know his obedience towards his father.
His ratings drop, but Jensen orders him kept on; network executives order him to be assassinated.
The series follows their lives after they win eight million dollars on the Oz Lotto.
Manning was offered the role without needing to audition.
She holds a bachelor's degree in art history from the University of Maryland.
Alfred "Al" Delvecchio is a character on the U.S. sitcom Happy Days.
Carl has appeared in several video games and albums related to the series, including the 2007 film Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters.
For a full list of current characters ordered by rank, see list of The Bill characters.
Soon after, Johnny is shot three times in the back during a stakeout, eventually dying of his wounds.
Boxey grows up to become Captain Troy in Galactica 1980, portrayed by Kent McCord.
He is based on the character from J. M. Barrie's play, Peter and Wendy.
Swagger is loosely based on USMC Scout Sniper Carlos Hathcock.
She later held the position of Staff Nurse.
It was announced on 23 July 2013 that Mealing would be reprising her role as Connie, but in Casualty.
Guillotine or Jeannine Sauvage is a fictional mystic character appearing in American comic books and related media produced by Marvel Comics.
It received the "Best Telenovela" award at the Colombian Television Awards in 2005.
The character has appeared in numerous Peanuts television specials, cinematic films, theatrical plays, and video games.
They are also the 'ghosts' the Oracle explains while talking to Neo before the 'Burly Brawl'.
Casting for Rudy was announced soon after, with Gilgun cast in the role.
Zaf is an MI6 officer who had worked with Adam Carter before Adam transferred to MI5.
He later returns as a ghola and Tleilaxu Master in Heretics of Dune and Chapterhouse: Dune.
An alternate ending was released in the ninth season DVD.
He is also the protagonist of both the 2007 film and the 2016 TV series Shooter, each based on Point of Impact.
The pilgrims encounter an extremely hostile range of volcanic mountains and can only pass if the volcanoes become inactive.
The article deals with the series' main and recurring characters.
In 2014, Roger was voted "Gayest Cartoon Character of All Time" in a first-ever March Madness style competition held by Logo TV.
Jesse's first romance storyline played out during his initial tenure.
He has two brothers, Fredo and Michael, and a sister, Connie.
Kuniczak calls the character Andrei Kmita, rather than Andrzej Kmicic.
The series has also been adapted to comics and role-playing games.
Roz is the producer of Frasier Crane's Dr. Frasier Crane Show on KACL 780AM.
They are particularly prominent in the book Finn Family Moomintroll.
It was originally broadcast on December 10, 1974 on ABC.
Fred is the husband of Wilma Flintstone and father of Pebbles Flintstone.
Ash serves as an antagonist of the first film.
Marcia Overstrand is a fictional character in the Septimus Heap series by Angie Sage.
He is the father of Parashurama, the sixth incarnation of Vishnu.
Princess Bonnibel Bubblegum of the Candy Kingdom is a fictional character in the Adventure Time animated series on the Cartoon Network.
The same website listed her among "TV's Smartest Detectives".
Steve Harrison is a fictional police detective created by Robert E. Howard.
Anguirus is a fictional character who first appeared in Toho's 1955 kaiju film Godzilla Raids Again.
As the result of the actions by Carol Peletier, the group escapes, leaving many casualties of Terminus.
Vanderwaal further discloses that a fight broke out, ending in Charlotte being shoved against a wall.
Jodie had relationships with two other women but maintained throughout the series that he was still gay.
Billy Keikeya is a fictional character in the miniseries and television remake of Battlestar Galactica.
He is one of the main characters of the show.
Sun Wukong tried to explain to everyone what she was but they didn't believe him.
Snappy Sammy Smoot is an American underground comix character created by Skip Williamson in 1968.
Also an unofficial "concubine" to Xue Pan, she is greatly abused by him and later his wife, the cruel Xia Jingui.
Balfe won a Saturn Award for Best Actress on Television in 2015 and 2016, and a People's Choice Award for Favorite Sci-Fi/Fantasy TV Actress in 2016.
Asok is an Indian intern in the Dilbert comic strip.
Though primarily a comic figure, Falstaff still embodies a kind of depth common to Shakespeare's major characters.
Once they become masters and leave the temple, they are referred to as Priests.
He first meets Feluda in the story Sonar Kella and from then on he accompanies Feluda and Topshe on all their major adventures.
In the Cheng-Gao version, she eventually marries the son of a frontier official and lives her married life in a foreign country.
They actually reshot it without the stumble, but for some unknown reason the show aired the slide with the stumble.
Following this point, Shen Jie would head back to his old inn with his son, Ho, and continue to enjoy the ways of simplicity.
Together, they defy the rule that the Games may only have one victor, unintentionally inciting a rebellion against the authoritarian government of Panem.
Gorosaurus is a kaiju film monster which first appeared in Toho's 1967 film King Kong Escapes.
The character was the subject of a 2015 "whitewashing" controversy on the covers of Kane Chronicles novels, particularly foreign language editions.
Nicolette Eugenia "Nicki" Grant is a character in Big Love, the HBO television series set among contemporary polygamists in Utah.
The character made his initial appearance in an episode of The Danny Thomas Show entitled "Danny Meets Andy Griffith."
Dean Learner is a fictional character created and performed by British comedian Richard Ayoade in stage shows and television shows.
Dr. Henry Walton "Indiana" Jones, Jr. is a fictional character and the protagonist of the Indiana Jones franchise.
Johansen made her first appearance in the pilot episode, "Air", first broadcast in the United States and Canada in 2009.
Trunchball presumably killed Honey's father Magnus and is later paid back for it.
In 2008 remake series the charactered portrayed by Camille Prats debut as her comeback on screen after pregnancy.
Later, Carter is given command of the Daedalus-class ship, the George Hammond.
Adriana La Cerva is a fictional character on the HBO TV series The Sopranos, portrayed by Drea de Matteo.
Niles is the younger brother of Dr. Frasier Crane, the son of Det.
The series lasted for five complete seasons before being cancelled in August 2007.
Bodie is initially a rough, low-level drug dealer, but matures throughout the series and slowly rises through the ranks.
She ruled the roost with a smart mouth and snappy retorts; an explosively quick temper; and a brash, rough and abrasive manner.
Niobe, wife of Lucius Vorenus, is a fictional character in the HBO/BBC/RAI original television series Rome, played by Indira Varma.
He is attracted to a girl named Nilu who was his university student.
Windom Earle is a fictional character in the American TV series Twin Peaks, played by Kenneth Welsh.
He is thought to have been born in 1967, but in the episode 'Da Flippity Flop'- he was 'made' in 1968.
Pip narrates his story many years after the events of the novel take place.
According to Núñez, the three "are there to set up the comic situations" for boss Michael and Dwight Schrute, Michael's toady.
Throughout most of the series' run, the agency has employed most of the characters, and provided the series with a steady income of storylines.
The character is considered by both fans and professionals as one of the most iconic female film roles from the 1990s.
Maggie Greene is a fictional character from the comic book series The Walking Dead, portrayed by Lauren Cohan in the television adaptation.
There have been cast changes, but the squad always consists of three men with a female boss.
Shire was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her portrayal of Connie Corleone in The Godfather Part II.
At the time of his introduction, Gharty is 54 years old, with a wife, Flora; a daughter, Ellen; and two granddaughters, Sarah and Sandra.
Eventually, Lana learns the truth about Clark and they get back together.
The character is a master vampire, who terrorizes the small Maine town of Jerusalem's Lot.
He cuts his ties with Sun Wukong and sends him away.
His natural mother, Serina, was a news reporter.
Larter described her as someone who's suffered from many losses in her life, causing her close off from other people and explaining her loner status.
He was the only one skeptical of Big Bird's supposed sadness.
She commands the directors in all areas, and is quite sexually active and man hungry.
Belle Gold, briefly known as Lacey, is a fictional character in ABC's television series Once Upon a Time.
Agent June Stahl is a fictional character on the FX television series Sons of Anarchy and a major antagonist of the series, played by Ally Walker.
His father turned around to yell at him and the car crashed.
Dr. Spencer Reid is a fictional character from the CBS crime drama Criminal Minds, portrayed by Matthew Gray Gubler.
Trot is a little girl with big solemn eyes and an earnest, simple manner.
His actor sometimes doubles as the Great Rumpus Cat, depending on the production.
During the casting process, she was compared to Paris Hilton.
Disney had originally conceived Mulan as an oppressed young Chinese woman who ultimately elopes to Europe to be with a British prince.
Chester Cheetah is a fictional character and the official mascot for Frito-Lay's Cheetos brand snacks and Chester's Puffcorn.
With his great sword in his hand, Huang Yuanji would charge at General Nangong Kuo; a fine duel would thus ensue.
After getting her life back on track, she departs from Holby, moving to Ghana with her partner Abra Durant.
He is an evil genius and a master of disguise, well-versed in esoterica from all parts of the world.
A Puritan minister, he has fathered an illegitimate child, Pearl, with Hester Prynne and considers himself unable to reveal his sin.
Four 13-episode series were broadcast on BBC1 between 1978 and 1981.
She and Ping'er are taken to Granny Liu's village in the country, where Qiaojie eventually marries one of Granny Liu's neighbors.
He is a yellow-orange color, medium-sized, short-haired dog with black ears.
The books' simple stories, with brightly coloured, boldly drawn illustrations, made them very popular, with sales of over 100 million worldwide across 28 countries.
Riker, who later becomes Kathy's partner and friend.
The Professor's Japanese fiancée Miumiu, acts as his assistant.
He often references his education at Cornell University, where he was a part of an a cappella group, which contributed to his love for theatrical singing.
As celestial mother of every existing form and being, the synthesis of all things, she is associated with space and with mystic speech.
He is considered the show's breakout character.
Another film, Big Top Pee-wee, was released in 1988.
Kidnapped as a young girl on the streets and sold to the Xue family under the name Xiangling.
Despite the actress' continued success, Clair remains the role for which Rashad is best known, credited with establishing her as a television icon.
Johan Falk is a Swedish film series about a fictional police officer named Johan Falk, played by Jakob Eklund.
He opened his mouth and swallowed the sea in a huge gulp.
She was featured in the Japanese magazine Weekly Playboy, and appeared in a television commercial for the confectionery company, Ezaki Glico.
For the 2006–2007 season, Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation reported he was the only LGBT person of color character on a regular series.
Cookie Monster is a Muppet on the long-running children's television show Sesame Street.
Moody Margaret is a main character in the Horrid Henry series created by British author Francesca Simon and British illustrator Tony Ross.
He is one of the central male characters in the television adaptation of the same name, where he is portrayed by Penn Badgley.
Gandy Goose appeared in a total of 48 cartoons, the last being Barnyard Actor in 1955.
The character is brought back as a ghola in the Herbert/Anderson sequels which conclude the original series, Hunters of Dune and Sandworms of Dune.
In Finn Family Moomintroll, Hemulen steals their barometer, and this causes them to relentlessly pursue him until they get it back.
Although he is not properly part of as he is considered as a second master after Shifu to the Furious Five.
This a list of characters in the Left Behind novel series by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins.
Lucifer Box is a fictional character created by Mark Gatiss.
His relationship with Sydney was included in TV Guide's list of the best TV couples of all time.
More recently, Orion women have been seen in the films Star Trek and Star Trek Into Darkness.
Hanuman is confused since he did not have any child, being an adept Brahmachari.
Erin Watts is a fictional character from the BBC espionage television series Spooks, which follows the exploits of Section D, a counter-terrorism division in MI5.
He also uses his connections to aid the club in avoiding law enforcement investigations and gang warfare.
He is consistently underestimated by his suspects who, while initially reassured and distracted by his circumstantial speech, become increasingly annoyed by his pestering behavior.
Little My is brash, aggressive, mischievous and disrespectful, but can also be a good friend when she wants to.
She was very unhappy as a teenager and tried to run away when she was sixteen, but was stopped by her mother and a policeman.
The Rabbit shows up again in the last few chapters, as a herald-like servant of the King and Queen of Hearts.
Lady Wang is one of the culprits resulting in the death of Baoyu's maid Qingwen.
Fairley's portrayal of Catelyn has garnered critical acclaim, with many in particular praising her performance during the episode "The Rains of Castamere".
Up until the end of the 2005-06 season he was played by Noel Selby Armstrong, who has since been appointed assistant kit manager at Reading.
For much of the series, Snape's actions seem to serve Harry's nemesis, Lord Voldemort, although Harry's mentor, Dumbledore insists that he trusts Snape.
All the Thunstone stories, included the novels, have been collected in The Complete John Thunstone.
The series follow the lives of the inmates and officers at Wentworth Correctional Centre.
He never received a formal education, and has only learned by being on the streets of Agrabah.
He is an American adventurer and filibuster who instigates a coup d'état and has himself crowned Butterworth I, Emperor of Pitcairn's Island.
Ana Lucia becomes the leader of the tail section.
The character has been acclaimed by critics.
Bobby returned, in an episode of the show's final season, as a spirit offering guidance and comfort to a troubled Andy.
His father and grandfather were both butchers.
Saghira is a Muslim doll that was created as an alternative to other mainstream dolls which usually are made in western countries.
He was conceived in 1969 after Dr.
The relationship between the idealistic and unworldly Pickwick and the astute cockney Weller has been likened to that between Don Quixote and Sancho Panza.
He is the owner of the Mystery Shack, a tourist trap presenting creatures and objects of supposedly supernatural origin.
In chapter three of the novel, two are described as dark haired and the other as blonde.
W. Awdry and its television adaptation, Thomas & Friends.
Their eldest child, Seth, is something of a social misfit.
He is the Minister of the Department of Administrative Affairs, and later the Prime Minister.
He is the little, blue/gray, diaper-wearing orphan mouse whose cartoon debut came in the 1946 short The Milky Waif.
Portrayed by Kim Delaney, Donner appeared in the first ten episodes of the series.
Skipper Roberts is a doll created by Mattel in 1964 to be Barbie's younger sister, as well as to oppose controversies directed at Barbie.
Subplots involve various financial difficulties, love interests and other domestic entanglements for both Lorelai and her daughter Rory.
It is also revealed in Maximum Security that Bivott became CHERUB's gym master.
Since then, the series continued for 33 years on popular demand, with over 36 adventure novels in print until the death of the author in 2012.
Puff along with Tom Kenny as the title character, making them the first SpongeBob cast members to be nominated for an award.
Phoebe initially possesses the power of premonition, which enables her to see into the future and the past.
The character was then absent for more than four years, returning in mid-Season 6 as Dr. Jing-Mei Chen.
Johnny Weeks is a fictional character on the HBO drama series The Wire, portrayed by Leo Fitzpatrick.
He facilitated many civic organizations, including Philadelphia's fire department and the University of Pennsylvania, an Ivy League institution.
She refused to lend the Monkey King her fan to subdue the flaming mountains.
Jinzha(Chinese: 金吒; pinyin: Jinzha) is a figure in Chinese mythology, appearing in works such as Investiture of the Gods.
Throughout the series, he manipulates and destroys several people, including those he calls friends, for his own ends.
Gunn has a thinning hairline and wears thick horn-rimmed glasses, which are reminiscent of his childhood nickname, 'Beaver Eyes'.
As a result of this, the couple was killed off later in the same season when they are accidentally buried alive.
Bell was nominated for both a Saturn Award and a Teen Choice Award for her performance.
But they are humane and—most of all—relish true adventure.
This is why Hanuman is also called Rudra, another name Shiva was known by.
Disney's Pooh was originally voiced by Sterling Holloway in three featurettes that were later used as segments in The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh.
Cleveland Orenthal Brown Sr. is a fictional character from the animated television series Family Guy, and its spin-off series The Cleveland Show.
Since his debut in 1952 the character has spanned several generations and become a breakfast cereal icon.
Xichun is the second youngest of Jinling Twelve Beauties.
On February 10, 2016, it was announced that Brewster would be returning as Prentiss for one episode during the spring of Season 11.
Delaware helps Sturgis in his investigations, and the detective, who eventually reaches the rank of lieutenant, appears in each book in the series.
Drake Maijstral is the fictional protagonist of a series of science fiction novels by Walter Jon Williams.
Alice, portrayed by Milla Jovovich, plays the principal role in each film, the storylines all somewhat revolving around her and the struggle with the Umbrella Corporation.
Xiangyun becomes one of Daiyu's closest companions.
Kolah Ghermezi is an Iranian fictional puppet character in different TV series and movies.
As the show progressed, Krycek grew to become one of the show's primary antagonists, appearing subsequently in every season.
Ulupi was envious of Arjuna's marriage to Chitrangada.
Crosetti's final appearance is in the TV movie Homicide: The Movie, which concluded the series.
Her parents are divorced, and she lives with her mother, Christina.
He tends to sing in Spanish on dives, much to the dismay of anybody listening on speakers.
Critics praised the writers for breaking Lost tradition and creating a seemingly heartless character, while Durand's performance and appearance were also reviewed positively.
Brody was a USMC Sergeant who was held as a prisoner of war by al-Qaeda terrorists for eight years.
He was created by Walt Disney and Ub Iwerks at the Walt Disney Studios in 1928.
and initially functions as an trickster antagonist, forcing Finn and Jake from their home.
He is an eccentric inventor who lives with his wife and twin eight-year-old children, Jeremy and Jemima, on the Potts' hilltop farm.
This marked the character's final appearance in the first life of the sitcom.
He married Aditi, with whom he fathered Agni, the Aditya.
Originally centric to other character's storylines, the show developed the character during the show's second season.
He also seems to have an uncanny instinct for sensing if a suspect is guilty or innocent, even without evidence.
Joanna Clore is a character in the British sitcom Green Wing, played by Pippa Haywood.
In the film, however, he is made Olive's younger brother and is considerably less sophisticated than his comic strip counterpart.
He has become widely accepted and regarded as a classic British comic character owing to the popularity of both Dad's Army and Lowe's portrayal of him.
Amelia "Amy" Gardner is a fictional character on the American television series The West Wing, portrayed by Mary-Louise Parker.
Curious George is the protagonist of a series of popular children's books by the same name, written by H. A. Rey and Margret Rey.
Working at an advertising agency in Manchester, Stuart spent a significant portion of his time in pubs or the night club Babylon on Canal Street.
Prior to the television series Shaftesbury Films and CHUM Television produced three made for TV movies which were shown on the Canadian cable channel Bravo!
Emma Pillsbury Schuester is a fictional character from the Fox musical comedy-drama series Glee.
As he and Roslin were en route back to Caprica, the Cylon attack occurred, forcing Roslin to assume the presidency.
Henry Huggins is a character appearing in a series of children's literature novels by Beverly Cleary, illustrated by Louis Darling, and first appearing in Henry Huggins.
Mr. Waverly is the head of the U.N.C.L.E.
He competes fiercely with protagonist Dirk Struan, Tai-pan of Struan's Trading Company - known as the Noble House.
Essie's main storylines have been centric to her relationship with registrar Sacha Levy.
Despite Voight's reputation as a suspected dirty cop and for using underhand methods, he commands his unit's loyalty and respect.
She falls in love with her master's son, Edwin Fairley.
The Knave of Hearts is a character from the book Alice's Adventures in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll.
M has appeared in the novels by Fleming and seven continuation authors, as well as appearing in twenty-four films.
Shortly after their wedding, she was killed by Cylons on Kobol.
Throughout, John R. Neill portrays her in ridiculous clothing, including a tailed coat and feather cap, though these are not mentioned in the text.
The original character was created by the Scottish writer Robert Louis Stevenson.
The series surrounds her as she starts to live a more complicated daily life when her ex-husband dates a younger woman, also named Christine.
He is a Portuguese explorer and Gold / Diamond Prospector.
When Granny Liu visits the Prospect Garden, the Dowager commissions her to make a painting of the Garden for the guest.
The book was soon translated into other European languages, including a German version expanded by the poet Gottfried August Bürger.
Rakhmetov is a fictional character from the 1863 novel What Is to Be Done?
George and Jerry were junior high school friends and remained friends afterwards.
Raymond West is a fictional character who appears in several of Agatha Christie's novels featuring Jane Marple.
However, the conservative adults in the town are suspicious of her liberal, feminist views.
Dani was a recurring character in Glee.
On screen Le Chiffre has been portrayed by Peter Lorre in the 1954 television adaptation of the novel for CBS's Climax!
Songs of the Sea was a multimedia show located at Siloso Beach on Sentosa Island, Singapore.
Henry is called "Prince Hal" in critical commentary on his character in Henry IV, Part 1 and Henry IV, Part 2.
Claudia Leigh is a fictional character from the Australian television drama City Homicide, played by Tasma Walton.
The following are fictional characters from the television drama Ghost Whisperer created by John Gray.
Shi Bao holds the position of "Great General of the South" in Fang La's rebel state.
McGinley, Zach Braff, and Donald Faison were the only cast members who returned as regulars for Season 9.
The adjectival form of the name, Bhargava, is used to refer to the descendants and the school of Bhrigu.
It was originally meant to parody chase cartoons like Tom and Jerry, but became popular in its own right.
There have also been other authors who wrote one book each, Kingsley Amis, Sebastian Faulks, Jeffery Deaver, William Boyd, and Anthony Horowitz.
Freddy Lounds is a fictional character in the Hannibal Lecter series, created by author Thomas Harris.
Joe Isuzu is a totally real spokesman who starred in a series of 1980s television advertisements for Isuzu cars and trucks.
Sandor Clegane is portrayed by Rory McCann in the HBO television adaptation.
Often referred to as a "robot skeleton", Peterson is a radio-controlled animatronic robot puppet designed and built by Grant Imahara of MythBusters.
While searching for answers about his burn notice, Michael becomes an unlicensed freelance private investigator/troubleshooter to help those who have unique problems.
Marley roams restlessly, witnessing the hardships others suffer and lamenting that he has lost his chance to help them forever.
She marries Prince Eric, whom she rescued from a shipwreck, and together they have a daughter, Melody.
Also, the karate style depicted in the movies is the Goju Ryu style.
Wally is a fictional character from the Dilbert comic strip.
Michonne's mental state deteriorates after many losses, bringing her closer to Rick Grimes who shares similar trauma.
The following is a list of characters who appeared in the 1988 film Who Framed Roger Rabbit and its related works.
However, after the first day of rehearsal, the producers felt Kaufman-as-Clifton was not up to the acting challenge of playing the offered role.
However, despite physiologically resembling animals, Hattifatteners grow from seeds.
Soon enough after Wu Ji seemingly mocks Jiang in a more subtle way, Jiang would tell Wu Ji that he will kill a person today.
Flashbacks from the series show that prior to the plane crash, Charlie was a member of a rock band named Drive Shaft.
This addiction is also one of the many parallels to Holmes, who was a habitual user of cocaine.
Count Pyotr "Petya" Ilyich Rostov is a character in Leo Tolstoy's novel War and Peace.
In the 1934-1948 radio series Dick Tracy she was voiced by Helen Lewis.
His first name is, by default, Aldo, although this may be changed by the player during the character's creation.
The Ackbar character has been received positively by critics and fans.
is a fictional character on the Fox medical drama House.
In 1977, Mildew became an announcer on Scooby's All-Star Laff-A-Lympics, voiced by John Stephenson.
Her weekly column, "Sex and the City," provides the title, storylines, and narration for each episode.
Originally named Zhen Yinglian, she is the lost daughter of Zhen Shiyin, the country gentleman in Chapter 1.
The character's reintroduction was announced in February 2017.
Winston Zeddemore is a fictional character appearing in the Ghostbusters films, TV series, and video games.
In the television series Fudge, he is played by Jake Richardson.
She will take care of patients in the valley while the other Doc Stuart works on the other side of town.
The character of Deep Throat was portrayed by Jerry Hardin in all his appearances.
The second, who lives in the 19th century time period of the novel, is his descendant.
Gabriel was a Sergeant in the Los Angeles Police Department's Priority Homicide Division.
In Smallville, Lana is the love interest for Clark Kent, though, in the first season she is dating Whitney Fordman.
She was introduced in season two, as a senior orthopedic resident, as a love interest for intern George O'Malley.
Chandler's early short stories, published in pulp magazines like Black Mask and Dime Detective, featured similar characters with names like "Carmady" and "John Dalmas".
In the second novel, New Moon, Edward and the other Cullens leave Forks in an effort to keep Bella safe from the vampire world.
Cabrillo is the main character of the series as chairman of The Corporation and in charge of the ship and its crew.
Carrie's investigation of Brody is complicated by her bipolar disorder and results in an obsession with her suspect.
Adam Eddington III is a major character in three young adult novels by Madeleine L'Engle.
Her little brother, A.J., would later go through all these phases as he gets older.
Until this point, Angela has been in the care of the mercenary Turner, the protagonist of one of the book's other concurrent storylines.
Mother Gothel is a fictional character who appears in Walt Disney Pictures' 50th animated feature film Tangled as the main antagonist.
Eric Weiss is a fictional character, played by Greg Grunberg, from the television series Alias.
In Moby-Dick, Captain Ahab interrogates the blacksmith Mr. Perth about the sparks fantailing from his hammer: "Are these thy Mother Carey’s chickens, Perth?
If either of them moved, the bomb would detonate.
In the popular imagination, the character of Jean Valjean came to represent both Hugo himself and leftist sentiment.
The last descendant of Tyler Brock, Quillan Gornt, dies in a boating accident over 120 years later.
Olli is part of the Ollimania family which is the company that created and owns all characters.
Vrishtaketu applaudes Babruvahana of being an amazing warrior.
Considered a Great Old One within the pantheon of Lovecraftian cosmic entities, the creature has since been featured in numerous popular culture references.
Critical reception of the character was generally very positive.
The character was inspired by Waugh's friendship with the well-connected socialite, Lady Diana Cooper.
A morbidly obese henchman hailing from Scotland, Fat Bastard serves Dr.
Carla appeared in all 271 episodes of Cheers in 1982–1993 and guest-starred in "Cheerful Goodbyes", an episode of the spin-off Frasier.
Kurt is portrayed by actor Chris Colfer, and has appeared as a character on the show since its pilot episode, first broadcast on May 19, 2009.
He is a toy space ranger hero according to the movies and action figure in the Toy Story franchise.
The character has made a few media appearances following the conclusion of The Colbert Report.
In 1936, Leiber finished the first Fafhrd and Gray Mouser novella, "Adept's Gambit", and began work on a second, "The Tale of the Grain Ships".
Larry Appleton is a fictional character played by Mark Linn-Baker in the television sitcom Perfect Strangers.
Gomer Pyle is a television character played by Jim Nabors and introduced in the middle of the third season of The Andy Griffith Show.
He is married to Wendy Torrance, the father of Daniel Torrance and Lucy Stone and grandfather of Abra Stone.
A new BAU chief had to be named and Hotch personally requested Emily Prentiss, which in turn she eventually accepted.
Lyra is a young girl who inhabits a universe parallel to our own.
She was formerly a professional wrestler known by her stage name Little Pocahontas and was part of FLOW organization.
Mrs. Wishy-Washy is a popular children's book character created by New Zealand author Joy Cowley, and illustrated by Elizabeth Ann Fuller.
Arsène Lupin is a fictional gentleman thief and master of disguise created by French writer Maurice Leblanc.
These are the characters that run on The Fat Controller's railway – the North Western.
Ava Lord is a fictional character in Frank Miller's Sin City universe, the title character in the graphic novel A Dame to Kill For.
In several footballing scenes in the books, Fotherington-Thomas plays in goal.
Packer is portrayed by David Koechner and is based upon the character Chris Finch from the original British version of the series.
He develops a good working relationship and friendship with the State Police Homicide Commander, Captain Healy.
In the second book, Winter of the World, Ethel continues as a Member of Parliament during the Second World War.
She is a young but effective vigilante, trained by her father Damon McCready from an early age to be a costumed superhero and assassin.
Due to a mixup, the distantly related and quite hapless William Boot is sent instead.
Max Showalter plays Ward in the series' pilot, "It's a Small World" which aired in April 1957.
He was portrayed by Peter Mochrie in Murder Call.
She originally appeared in the Talkartoon and Betty Boop film series, which were produced by Fleischer Studios and released by Paramount Pictures.
For a full list of characters ordered by rank, see list of The Bill characters.
She is a Jewish interior designer, living in New York City with her gay best friend Will Truman.
Lucy Baker is a fictional child character in the final two syndicated seasons of the long-running American television series, Lassie.
Murray Monster is a monster who is a character on Sesame Street.
Quasimodo is a fictional character and the protagonist of the novel The Hunchback of Notre-Dame by Victor Hugo.
The Bertolt Brecht play Mutter Courage und ihre Kinder gave her currency in the 20th century.
Patterson's humour abounds in such a wide range of racist and sexual stereotypes that it would offend almost anyone who takes it at face value.
She discovers she has psychokinetic powers which she uses to her advantage.
He is described as having short dark hair, blue eyes, broad shoulders and a muscular body like a model or footballer.
Woody Woodpecker and friends are also icons at the Universal Studios Theme Parks worldwide, as well as the PortAventura Park in Salou, Spain.
Jill helps Tim raise their three sons.
Eventually, he was apprehended and sentenced to detention within the palace dungeon.
He is the founder of CHERUB and member of the obscure branch of Naval intelligence known as the Espionage Research Unit.
His powers help Finn considerably in combat and transportation, but are also sometimes used as nothing more than jovial forms of expression.
For the list of the characters and their actors, see the list of Transformers film series cast and characters.
He is the main antagonist of the first two films, and a minor neutral character in the third film.
In 2004 Max was ranked at No.
The Mysterons are a fictional race of extraterrestrials.
Chachi is also very close to his mother and his step-father Al.
Tripplehorn's final episode as a main cast member on the show was on the May 14, 2014 episode "Demons".
Samantha "Sam" Taggart is a fictional character on the NBC television drama ER.
He abandoned Miss Havisham at the altar, and later got Abel Magwitch arrested.
Chitrāngadā, in the Hindu epic Mahābhārata, is one of Arjuna's wives.
She was portrayed by actress Heather Langenkamp in the original film series and by Rooney Mara in the 2010 remake.
He appears as a summon in the video game Kingdom Hearts, and as one of the guests in the animated television series House of Mouse.
But one Daily Post reviewer felt that Zosia and Guy's storyline became "far-fetched".
Her name is mentioned in Sesame Street Magazine issue 249.
As the family matriarch, Grandma keeps her family together, offering wisdom and advice for her family and the others in the household such as Tin-Tin.
As such, early reports speak of Garth Marenghi, and his publisher, Dean Learner, in character.
Q performs her own stunts of the series.
Chi Park, MD — is a character of the American medical drama series House.
Dr. Charlotte Staples Lewis is a fictional character on the American Broadcasting Company television series Lost, played by Rebecca Mader.
In the Miniseries, Adar was portrayed in a still picture in Doctor Gaius Baltar's house by producer David Eick in age-enhancing make-up.
She has been featured in a variety of merchandise based on the films.
Originally meant to be a temporary character, Andy was so likable that producers asked Pratt back as a series regular.
This is a list of articles listing the many characters included in the Transformers media franchise.
On September 6, 2011, an ad aired announcing that Stick would be returning to television on Friday October 7, 2011 at midnight.
He becomes involved in a long-term but failed relationship with accountant Angela Martin, but later finds a deeper connection with receptionist Erin Hannon.
The character was portrayed as a jealous antagonist in her appearances on Mama's Family, much more so than her appearances on The Family sketches.
As soon as he leaves, the suspects invokes counsel indicating that he was coached by Gaffney.
The fourth film introduced Laurie's daughter, Jamie Lloyd.
The Deltora series features a wide line of characters, both important and minor.
During season 4, the Powers send a vision of Darla to Connor to convince him not to kill an innocent girl.
His aim is to hunt Bugs, but he usually ends up seriously injuring himself and other antagonizing characters.
In Hablot Knight Browne's illustrations for the first edition, Micawber is shown wearing knee-breeches, a top hat, and a monocle.
For the rest, this Catholic priest, this pure and lofty figure of true priesthood, offers the most savage satire on the priesthood today.
Elric first appeared in print in Moorcock's novella "The Dreaming City".
Images of Ravana are seen associated with Shiva at some places.
It was released on July 25, 1974.
She first entered the military prior to August 14, 1974, and fought in two battles during the Gulf War.
In 2008, Agent Smith was selected by Empire Magazine as the 84th Greatest Movie Character of All Time.
Murdoc Niccals is a fictional English bassist for the British virtual band Gorillaz.
By the sixth season he is promoted to capo, and Tony tells Christopher that he will lead the family into the 21st century.
His favourite drink is Dog's Nose, usually made up of seven ounces of gin to thirteen ounces of beer.
Speculation about the character's parentage has also been a popular topic of discussion among fans of both the books and the TV series.
The spoiled, self-absorbed younger sister of James, Elizabeth takes a somewhat fleeting interest in various social causes, including socialism and the Suffragette movement.
Gregory Sanders is a fictional character on the CBS crime drama CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, portrayed by Eric Szmanda.
He cited a budding family and an already lengthy tenure on the show as reasons.
Winchell's facial structures were caricatured in the related character design as well.
For the Rugby Union player and Munster Rugby head coach, see Anthony Foley.
Fiderer is opinionated, strong willed, eccentric, and very much her own woman; Charlie knows he has the perfect fit to replace Mrs. Landingham.
Prince Hans of the Southern Isles is a fictional character from Walt Disney Animation Studios' 53rd animated film, Frozen.
Felicia "Snoop" Pearson is a fictional character on the HBO series The Wire, played by the actress of the same name.
Robert fought the war to win back his betrothed, Lyanna Stark, with the aid of her brother, his close friend, Eddard Stark.
Puck was developed by Glee creators Ryan Murphy, Brad Falchuk and Ian Brennan.
He was used as a guinea pig for Dr. Geiger's experiments.
Joan Ferguson is a fictional character in the Australian television series Wentworth, who serves as the main antagonist from season two onwards.
Don Anthony "Black Tony" Stracci is a fictional character who first appeared in Mario Puzo's novel The Godfather.
What is certain is that Felix emerged from Sullivan's studio, and cartoons featuring the character enjoyed success and popularity in the popular culture.
After Observer joins the Mads, he usually ends up being the one who sends the movies to the Satellite of Love via his psychic abilities.
Although she is typically a non-speaker, her "meows" and "purrs" were most often provided by Mel Blanc using a feminine voice.
Mattel has never specified the precise nature of their relationship.
Apollo then adopted Serina's son, Boxey and became a single father to him.
He functions as Michael Corleone's personal enforcer and assassin.
Branded a Lothario-type character, Oliver has been involved in several romantic storylines during his tenure; Anderson has called him "the hospital bike".
Additional volumes from the concerts were released on iTunes annually through 2011.
Elle is portrayed as mentally unstable, which is attributed to extensive "testing" condoned by her father to research her abilities when she was young.
American actress Kiele Sanchez and Brazilian actor Rodrigo Santoro play the survivors of the crash of Oceanic Flight 815.
He ranks 75th of the 108 Liangshan heroes and 39th of the 72 Earthly Fiends.
It is the beginning of an empire so vast she eventually buys everything the Fairleys own.
Her best friend is Oz's ruler Princess Ozma.
At the beginning of the trilogy, she is a housemaid at Ty Gwyn, the country estate at Aberowen.
He is a parapsychologist and the leader of the Ghostbusters.
Donald Duck rose to fame with his comedic roles in animated cartoons.
After losing her job, she left Baltimore.
Dr. Jing-Mei Debra "Deb" Chen is a fictional medical doctor on the long-running television show ER.
Bapu focuses on capturing the characters' expressions.
Rudra is the narrator of these stories.
During the TV series' run, Marlene King, producer of the show, acknowledged Mona as a "beloved character."
Mrs Pepperpot has a Visitor from America
Although she and Al Giardello get along reasonably well, he resents that she was promoted before him even though he had seniority over her.
Subsequently, Summer walks alone down the aisle, but she does not appear to be affected negatively by the absence of her father.
Apart from doing occasional public performances or weddings, most of his work is at corporate events as a performer or master of ceremonies.
Jenab Khan is voiced by Mohammad Bahrani and performed by Mehdi Borgheyee and Hamed Zabihi.
He was a younger male cousin of Ravana and the son of Kaikesi's sister Raka.
The character of Zev was portrayed by three actresses during the series' run and the character of Zev has had three incarnations.
Cassandra "Cassie" Ainsworth is a fictional character in the television series Skins, portrayed by Hannah Murray.
Serina is the name of a fictional character in the 1978 Battlestar Galactica television series.
His first appearance was The Squawkin' Hawk, directed by Chuck Jones and produced by Leon Schlesinger.
He has been the subject of various literary compositions, musical pieces, commercial works, and theatrical productions.
In Hindu epic Ramayana, Shrutakirti or Shrutkeerti(IAST Śrutakīrti) is daughter of king Kushadhwaja and his wife queen Chandrabhaga.
Uncas, who was at his birth "last of the Mohicans", grew to manhood but was killed in a battle with the Huron warrior Magua.
Tao, of Chinese ancestry, has a Japanese wife, and a 16-year-old son, Kevin, as well as two other unnamed sons.
Despite his voracious appetite for cookies, Cookie Monster shows awareness of healthy eating habits for young children and that he also enjoys fruits and eggplant.
Sharp functions as a picara—a picaresque heroine—or by being a social outsider who is able to expose the manners of the upper gentry to ridicule.
A modern version of the family, renamed The Creepleys, appeared on the Laff-A-Lympics series.
Buck and his co-director, Jennifer Lee, were ultimately able to solve the dilemma by depicting Elsa and Anna as sisters.
When he was twelve, he stole a vest, a pair of pants, and a fez from a clothes line.
During the period of Baltar's trial, he steals items that give him insight or handicap his opponents.
Salvatore 'Laughing Sal' Narducci is a fictional character in Mark Winegardner's novel The Godfather Returns.
Remy "Thirteen" Hadley, M.D., is a fictional character on the Fox medical drama House, portrayed by Olivia Wilde.
When Vyasa visited Ambika, she saw his dreadful, forbidding appearance and burning eyes.
In the Hindu epic Mahabharata, Nakula was fourth of the five Pandava brothers.
Emperor Cartagia is a fictional character from the universe of the science fiction television series Babylon 5, played by Wortham Krimmer.
Thus, Heavenly Educated would unleash his Non-Evil sword, and Chen Tong would instantly fall from his horse, dead.
Gina Russo is a fictional character in the American television series Nip/Tuck.
The character is portrayed by Gregory Peck in the 1976 classic movie and by Liev Schreiber in the 2006 remake.
His illustrations of her in Alice's Adventures Under Ground, the first version of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland are influenced by the Pre-Raphaelite artists.
Other characters that make up the Bossy Bear world include Turtle, Crocodoca, Reindeer and Bissy.
It was a spin-off from a 1958 summer series called Decision.
Don recruits his mathematical genius brother, Charlie Eppes, to help him and the Bureau solve some of their most difficult cases.
He is voiced by Billy West, but was originally intended to be voiced by Phil Hartman, with West taking over the role after Hartman's death.
Portrayed by Gary Sinise, Mac is the Director of the NYPD Crime Lab and the Supervisor of the NYPD CSI team.
Pacey is an English surname and given name variant of Passy, a French locational origin surname, itself derived from the Gallo-Roman Praenomen Paccius.
These are the characters that run on The Fat Controller's railway – the North Western.
Linus spoke his first words in 1954, the same year he was shown with his security blanket.
The character, created by James Wong and Glen Morgan, and portrayed by actress Mary Elizabeth Winstead, serves as the protagonist of Final Destination 3.
Moody is an esteemed but erratic writer who frequently becomes embroiled in bizarre, and in some cases, scandalous situations.
Tobias Zachary "Toby" Ziegler is a fictional character in the television serial drama The West Wing, played by Richard Schiff.
In the epic Mahabharata, Ambika is the daughter of Kashya, the King of Kashi, and wife of Vichitravirya, the king of Hastinapura.
He is a famous Cossack colonel of unknown origin, and originally a friend of the Kurcewicz family.
Vincent is the illegitimate son of Sonny Corleone and his mistress Lucy Mancini.
In this particular story, unlike any other, they also are able to talk.
In the third book, her children and grandchildren continue to shape society.
His sidekick is his adopted brother Mickey Muscle, an inarticulate teenage body builder.
Leto is portrayed by James McAvoy in the 2003 miniseries Frank Herbert's Children of Dune.
Zev or Xev is a fictional character from the sci-fi television series Lexx.
Johnny Test is an animated television series produced by Warner Bros.
He was one among the Advaita Guru Parampara.
At times he would bring another artist on stage and do a collaboration of one of his songs with them.
Colby Granger is a fictional character in the CBS crime drama Numb3rs, played by Dylan Bruno.
She is central to the series, which originally focused on teaching geography and history.
In the film, his surname is DeLarge, a reference to Alex calling himself Alexander the Large in the novel.
Michael Caine played Harry Palmer in three of the four films based on the four published novels featuring this character.
Elizabeth Jean "Busy" Philipps is an American actress, known for her supporting roles on the television series Freaks and Geeks and Dawson's Creek.
Monks' parents separated when he was a child, and his father had a relationship with a young woman, Agnes Fleming.
He was portrayed by Hutch Dano in the movie Ramona and Beezus.
Mr. McGregor appeared in two episodes of an animated BBC television series based on Potter's books in 1993.
Ashamed, she hides from the public view for a few weeks, before making a return to the opera house.
He has a wife called Carrie and a son called Lupin, the latter unsuitably engaged to the distressingly inferior Daisy Mutlar.
He became mascot at the start of the 2011–12 Scottish First Division season when Scottish drinks company MacB took over from Ignis Asset Management.
An alter ego of the author, everything is written from the first person perspective.
In Leeds, she seeks out her friend Blackie O'Neil.
In the films Twilight, New Moon, Eclipse, Breaking Dawn: Part 1, and Breaking Dawn: Part 2, Jacob is played by Taylor Lautner.
Ahsoka reappears in Star Wars Rebels, is the main character of an eponymous novel, and is featured in other Star Wars media.
Marceline is a fun-loving 1,000-year-old vampire queen.
Australian cartoonist/film entrepreneur Pat Sullivan, owner of the Felix character, claimed during his lifetime to be its creator.
Alexandrakis recognizes young Betty and calls the police.
The first two seasons took place in the then future of the 1970s.
In 2007, O'Quinn won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series for his portrayal of Locke.
Jack and Holly is a preschool animated series from the UK which centres on two characters, Jack and Holly.
The album's first single, "Over It", was a Pop Top 30 hit and was certified gold in 2008.
An angel who utilizes force and destruction to fulfill his various orders from Heaven, he has a recurring role in the fourth season.
Jada Pinkett-Smith was personally recruited by the Wachowski sisters, and the character of Niobe was created just for her in Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Revolutions.
The character also appeared in the Law & Order episode "Charm City."
Elisa has an especially close relationship with the gargoyle Goliath, the clan's leader.
In 2008, AOL named her the twentieth greatest witch in television history.
With a new addition of friends for Barbie Nikki, along Summer, Raquelle and Blaine, is one of Barbie’s closest friends.
DCL is a fictional character in the 1980s British sitcom Yes Minister and its sequel, Yes, Prime Minister.
He transferred to Homicide from West Detectives in the fall of 2003, replacing Lilly's first partner Chris Lassing.
In season six, he primarily appeared in the physical form of John Locke.
Several storylines involve relationship problems with Zach as meddling characters such as Claire Armstrong and Shannon Taylor threaten their happiness.
At least initially, in Season Eight, the Scoobies are scattered across the world.
He talks about culture, raising children, politicians and the 13th table.
On September 13, 2011, NBC announced it was developing an Easy Rawlins project.
Spender was in control of the X-Files office after Fox Mulder's and Dana Scully's forced leaves in "The Beginning".
The Chicago Tribune's Maureen Ryan has called her "the worst thing about Glee", and the show's "one big flaw".
Dino Ortolani, played by Jon Seda, is a fictional character who appeared in three episodes of the HBO series Oz.
His stoicism and mystical outlook dominate his character and are the basis for many of his relationships and interactions on the show.
This is a list of characters in the Artemis Fowl novel series by Eoin Colfer.
The character is portrayed by actress Naya Rivera, and has appeared in Glee from its pilot episode, first broadcast on May 19, 2009.
Richard Delancey is the hero of a series of novels by historian C. Northcote Parkinson.
The Munchkins are the natives of the fictional Munchkin Country in the Oz books by American author L. Frank Baum.
Beiste in the third season has been described as "believable and heartfelt", and Jones as "brilliant".
She may be seen as a feminized form of Brahma and associated with the primal substance in Vedanta.
Although the show featured an ensemble cast, Pembleton would become a fan favorite and is often identified by them as the show's signature character.
Zoe enjoys being a doctor and prefers saving lives than working on paperwork, which influenced her decision to step down as clinical lead in 2014.
Hilda Talercio is a fictional character in the American dramedy series Ugly Betty, portrayed by Ana Ortiz.
Due to the smell emanating from her body, she was known as Matsyagandha, and helped her father in his job as a ferryman.
He is the leader of a group of children whom he teaches to make their livings by pickpocketing and other criminal activities, in exchange for shelter.
His reintroduction signalled a rivalry with Arthur Digby and a friendship with Zosia March.
After Hargreaves's death in 1988, his son Adam Hargreaves began writing and illustrating new stories like Mr. Good and Mr.
The Boston Teens are fictional characters featured on the American television show Saturday Night Live.
Captain Leland Francis Stottlemeyer is a fictional police officer played by Ted Levine on the American crime drama Monk.
After Huang had asked for passage, and refused to head back to Zhaoge, Zhang Feng would attack his cousin for his opposition towards the king.
As her brother Zuko states, she "always lies".
He is a wealthy, materialistic Wall Street investment banker who leads a double life as a serial killer.
During the movie, in lieu of a smoke, she decides to suck on a mint and shares with the bots.
Chuck Clayton is an African-American teenage fictional character published by Archie Comics.
For her performance as Andrea, Holden received favorable reviews, although the character's story arc in the third season was not well received.
She is a blind Force-sensitive who forms a "bond" with the player character, the Jedi Exile, through the Force.
On August 30, 2016, it was confirmed that Brewster would once again be a series regular for the 12th season.
Franklin became a successful newspaper editor and printer in Philadelphia, the leading city in the colonies, publishing the Pennsylvania Gazette at the age of 23.
The character, played by James Garner, is a struggling private investigator operating in the greater Los Angeles area.
He was introduced in Smith's short story "The Tale of Satampra Zeiros", written in 1929 and published in the November 1931 issue of Weird Tales.
Lieutenant Athena is a fictional character in the original Battlestar Galactica television series, which ran on ABC from 1978 to 1979.
Tristana Medeiros Da Souza, known in Spanish as La Niña Medeiros is a fictional character and main antagonist of the REC film series.
Lionel has a strained relationship with Lex and regularly tries to test him.
In season 4, Felton is suspended, ending their connection.
Soon thereafter fellow junior officer Zoe Reynolds becomes his new flatmate.
In all incarnations, Mechagodzilla appears as a robotic doppelgänger and arch-enemy of Godzilla, boasting a vast array of weaponry.
The original voice of Little Lulu was performed by actress Cecil Roy.
Amanda is also the protagonist of the 2014 video game Alien: Isolation, which is set 42 years prior to Aliens.
He is a former senior official of the security apparatus of China, now working for himself, an enemy of Jack Bauer.
She frequently makes baseless accusations, especially if she believes it will garner the sympathies of those around her.
His surname is from the Russian word for 'cinnamon bun' or may be from 'plush'.
Starting as a timid, pale young curate at Lower Briskett-in-the-Midden, he went on to marry his vicar's daughter Jane Brandon.
The final commander-in-chief of the Kauravas, Ashwatthama slaughters many in the Pandava camp in a sneak attack.
During the course of the series, 128 episodes of Dawson's Creek aired over six seasons.
This is a list of articles listing the many characters included in the Transformers media franchise.
Most of the main characters were members of the Mall Rats at one point or another.
She possesses the power to locate anyone just by thinking about them.
Ebenezer Le Page is the lead character in the novel The Book of Ebenezer Le Page by GB Edwards.
Trent first appeared in a YouTube video entitled Trent from Punchy, in a reference to the Western Sydney suburb of Punchbowl on 1 February 2008.
Henry R. "Hank" Schrader is a fictional character in the AMC drama series Breaking Bad.
In most of the films he was played by Peter Sellers, but one film starred Alan Arkin and another featured an uncredited Roger Moore.
They both speak with pronounced Southern accents.
It has been suggested that they were inspired by a previous Hanna Barbera monster family, Mr. & Mrs. J.
His final two books—The Man with the Golden Gun and Octopussy and The Living Daylights—were published posthumously.
For his portrayal, Parsons has won four Primetime Emmy Awards, a Golden Globe Award, a TCA Award, and two Critics' Choice Television Awards.
Later in the series, he enters into a sexual relationship with Cassie and Cassie's teacher Jo, eventually turning her to his side.
This is somewhat ironic, as she is arguably the most "normal" character in Green Wing.
Lauren is also the president of the AV club, and a member of the school's wrestling team.
He is never given a proper name.
She constantly attracts men with her seductive dances, and is rarely seen without her clever goat Djali.
He is one of the oldest engines on the Island of Sodor.
Desmond was one of the show's most popular characters.
In the 2004 feature film, Kyrano gained a wife, Onaha, who appears to take the role of Grandma from the original series.
Fang La is one of the rebel leaders that the 108 Liangshan outlaws have to defeat after they have been granted amnesty by the Song government.
Maicha wo Baucha(Nepali: मैंचा व बौचा) are The Boy and The Girl cartoon characters.
The accusations of heresy stemmed from the man's translation of a Greek book that contradicted the scriptures.
He explained, "We can still be funny but we are definitely the 'straight guys'."
The detective of Jatayu's novel, Prakhar Rudra, is a character with incredible intellect and power.
She died in childbirth after giving birth to the baby that would be named Oliver Twist.
Essie arrives at Holby City employed as an agency nurse working on the hospital's ED, AAU and Keller wards.
In the movie, she was played by Alicia Rhett.
Spade combined several features of previous detectives, most notably his detached demeanor, keen eye for detail, and unflinching determination to achieve his own justice.
In 2002, Christopher Judge was nominated for a Saturn Award in the category "Best Supporting Actor in a Television Series".
James Doakes is a fictional character on the Showtime series, Dexter and the series of novels by Jeff Lindsay.
Eunice appeared occasionally on The Family skit's spin-off sitcom Mama's Family.
Lazarus Long is a fictional character featured in a number of science fiction novels by Robert A. Heinlein.
He was son of Bali and Tara and nephew of Sugriva.
His sister's name is Candace Flynn, who tries to reveal their outrageous creations, but to no avail.
Jan Skrzetuski falls in love with her and vies for her hand against the Cossack colonel Bohun to whom she was promised.
Prior to Mel, a Slayer had not been "called" to receive her powers for centuries.
A stained glass window in New York's Buffalo Westminster Presbyterian Church honoring Albert Schweitzer has a corner showing him playing his toy piano.
The series exist in a parallel universe set in present time, the major difference is that the Norse Mythology is real.
Pearlman has been the legal system liaison for all of Lieutenant Cedric Daniels' investigations on the show.
Zippy is a brownish-orange puppet with a rugby-ball-shaped oval head, blue eyes and a zip for a mouth, hence his name.
Bharadwaja, in particular, was so impressed with Vishrava that he gave him his daughter, Ilavida, in marriage.
He also appears in the novelizations of these films.
Nick Knight is the main character of the Canadian television series Forever Knight, and its precursor 1989 television movie Nick Knight.
His team refer to him as both 'Sarge' and 'Wolfey'.
Harrison Ford portrayed the character in the original Star Wars trilogy as well as The Force Awakens, in which he was killed off.
He is a Harvard University professor of religious iconology and symbology.
Eventually, the fallacies grew so much that The Daily Punctilio reported his death.
Bungle, the Glass Cat is a character in the Oz books of L. Frank Baum.
Trot is one of Dorothy Gale and Princess Ozma's best friends.
Later on within chapter 22, Yunzhongzi would vape over his Mount South End and see Ji Chang being chased by Generals Yin and Lei of Zhaoge.
Shortly after the wedding, Simone contracted a critical heart infection that required a heart transplant.
Burt Hummel is a fictional character from the Fox musical comedy-drama series Glee.
Henry F. Potter is a fictional character and the main antagonist in the 1946 Frank Capra film It's a Wonderful Life.
Dámaso is made the girl's godfather; Doña Pia had died giving birth to Mariá Clara.
Also, as revealed in Vicki Lawrence's autobiography, Burnett resented Lawrence for accepting the "Mama" role in first-run syndication as this was during her divorce from Hamilton.
This is a list of characters in the TV series Chaotic.
In Hindu mythology, Jamadagni is one of the Saptarishis in the seventh, current Manvantara.
He is most of the time seen wearing his yellow clown cap, and a business suit driving a red Viper convertible.
This also has the implication of making her a supernatural creature.
Susan 'Sue' White is a character in the British sitcom Green Wing, played by Michelle Gomez.
Dr. Paul Weston is a fictional character on the five-nights-a-week HBO series, In Treatment.
In the films, his species was changed from roe deer to the white-tailed deer, which would be more familiar to American audiences.
In 1964, his brother is assassinated and Danny realizes who was behind it.
His brutality was of such great magnitude that her limbs were broken and levered up.
The friction caused by the breakup between Daniels and Gabriel grows stronger throughout season 4.
Bailey Quarters is a character on the television sitcom, WKRP in Cincinnati.
Fitor is the name of several fictional character in the Gobots, Robo Machines and Transformers series.
The elder of the two is a 16th-century Portuguese nobleman who first reached the Kukuana kingdom and the lost mines before dying.
The abused, underpaid clerk of Ebenezer Scrooge, Cratchit has come to symbolize poor working conditions, especially long working hours.
For the remainder of the season, she is partnered with John Munch.
The Beaver prefers "messin' around" with his pals and reading comic books to attending church or taking dance lessons.
Special Agent Danny Taylor is a fictional character played by actor Enrique Murciano on the CBS television crime drama Without a Trace.
She now works as the White House Chief of Staff.
In the novels, Alia is the daughter of Duke Leto Atreides of Caladan and his Bene Gesserit concubine, Lady Jessica.
Han Solo is a character in the Star Wars franchise.
Later, the fact of Rumā being withheld by Vāli became the primary justification of Rama's slaying Vāli and helping Sugrīva to become the sovereign of Kishkindha.
This scene, along with the death of Prince Andrei Nikolaeitch Bolkonski is one of the most famous in classical Russian literature.
Daiyu initially feels a little jealousy owing to Xiangyun's and Baoyu's good relationship but eventually warms to the cheerful girl.
Arya is portrayed by English actress Maisie Williams on the HBO series Game of Thrones.
He is the husband of Jane Jetson and the father of teenage daughter Judy and elementary school aged son Elroy.
Kesari also fought bravely in the Lanka war along with Sugriva’s army.
He also starred as the same character on the sequel, The New WKRP in Cincinnati.
She is the wife of Yang Zongbao and mother of Yang Wenguang.
From the sixth story, Sonar Kella, the duo are joined by a popular thriller writer Jatayu.
Shikhandi is a character in the Hindu epic, the Mahabharata.
"Frank" Underwood is a fictional character and the protagonist/anti-hero of the American adaptation of House of Cards.
They would physically and humorously act out their replies to Elmo's questions.
Upon his death, Michael, his youngest son, succeeds him as the mafia don of the Corleone crime family.
The Big Bad Wolf is a fictional wolf appearing in several cautionary tales that includes some of Aesop's Fables and Grimms' Fairy Tales.
Malyaban or Malyavan was the Chief Royal Adviser to the Emperor of Lanka, Ravana.
However, once Chong Houhu's forces were flamed out of a large forest, Huang Yuanji would fight to the death in the name of his lord.
In both forms of media, she is the wife of protagonist Rick Grimes and mother of Carl, and serves as the emotional core of the group.
In the 1997 film adaptation of the original series, Leave It to Beaver, Wally is portrayed by Erik von Detten.
He assists Jimmy Five in his 'Infallible Plans'.
The name Lemony Snicket originally came from research from Handler's first book The Basic Eight.
Derek Christopher Shepherd, M.D., also referred to as "McDreamy", is a fictional surgeon from the ABC medical drama Grey's Anatomy, portrayed by actor Patrick Dempsey.
Arthur Eugene Spooner is a fictional character played by Jerry Stiller on the sitcom The King of Queens.
LaCroix offered Knight immortality, which he accepted, becoming a vampire.
Chan first appeared in Biggers' novels, then was featured in a number of media.
Nevertheless, Paganel proves to be an important member of the search party.
In February 2015, BBC One announced the show would end after series 12.
He becomes known for several catchphrases uttered after some humorous misfortune occurs, including "I've fallen, and I can't get up!"
Abigail Anne "Abbey" Bartlet is a fictional character played by Stockard Channing on the television serial drama, The West Wing.
Teela is one of the first characters developed for Masters of the Universe, although her figure was released in the second half of the first wave.
Two crucial references are present in the Nalayira Divya Prabandham about the episode of how Krishna fights with Banasura.
After his decision lndra got very angry and planed to kill him.
The Big Cat And The Little Mousie - reissued as The Big Cat And The Little Mouse
They were joined by Janice Byrne as April Leonard, Philip Burton's assistant.
Yoda is a fictional character in the Star Wars franchise created by George Lucas, first appearing in the 1980 film The Empire Strikes Back.
He helps to free Helena Kurcewiczówna from Bohun.
Karen C. Vick is a character on the American comedy detective drama Psych played by Kirsten Nelson.
The character is portrayed by Don Johnson in the television series, and Colin Farrell in the film.
In the 1962 Herbert Lom movie by Hammer Film Productions an unnamed stagehand is found hanged.
Over the course of the series, he faces struggles and triumphs both personally and professionally.
He has a dog called "Gyp", and works for Mr Jonathan Burge.
She was mother of twins Lakshmana and Shatrughna.
Rebecca or Becky Sharp is the main character of William Makepeace Thackeray's satirical novel Vanity Fair.
She is the daughter of Marquis Shi of Jinling.
Chad Coleman's performance has been praised by critics.
With Gloria now separated from Mike, she returned to Archie Bunker's Place with Joey in the February 1982 episode "Gloria Comes Home."
At one point within the coalition against Su Hu, Zheng Lun would personally take action against the new enemy, Chong Heihu, with the words, "My lord!
After reporting the news, they received the Dragon-Phoenix Sword from the king as to take the head of the two princes.
Murphy has said, "Mike's talent is deep.
His wife Anirul, a Bene Gesserit of Hidden Rank, died in 10,176 A.G.
In the fourth series he continues his relationship with Effy and attempts to help her through her depression.
Robert Thorn adopts an orphan child who later turns out to be the Antichrist.
Rayford Steele is a fictional character and the de facto protagonist in the Left Behind series of novels by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins.
Their storylines often revolved around topics such as murder, kidnapping, espionage, and fraud and rarely around the central theme of love directly.
This friendship with Big Boo continues into the third season.
On March 10, 2016, it was announced that Riggs would be played by Clayne Crawford in the pilot for the new Fox Television drama series.
The non-canon Dune Encyclopedia by Willis E. McNelly invents an extensive, alternate biography for Fenring.
It was Ziraldo's second series of comic books, after "Turma do Pererê".
Septimus Pretorius is a fictional character who appears in the Universal film Bride of Frankenstein.
He eventually decides to spare her life, however.
Mary Hatch Bailey is a fictional character in Frank Capra's 1946 film It's a Wonderful Life.
He appears in Milne's popular books of poetry and Winnie-the-Pooh stories and is named after Christopher Robin Milne, the author's son.
"Asok" is a common Indian name, though it is usually spelled "Ashok" and pronounced "Ah-shok".
Miho is a character in Frank Miller's Sin City graphic novel series.
The moral transformation of Kmicic is similar to the transformation of Prince Roman from Joseph Conrad's book.
Cheryl Tunt is a fictional character from the American television series Archer.
Patricia "Patty" C. Hewes is a fictional character on the American legal thriller Damages, portrayed by Glenn Close.
O'Malley married Callie Torres whom he later separated with to pursue a relationship with Izzie Stevens.
An iron hook replaced his severed hand, which gave the pirate his name.
Trot also has a key role in Rachel Cosgrove Payes's The Wicked Witch of Oz.
She appeared in the programme from its sixth series in 2004, to its thirteenth in 2011, and from its nineteenth in 2017.
The character migrated to the spinoff Mayberry R.F.D.
His main love interest is Joanie Cunningham, with their relationship becoming a common theme for episodes in later seasons.
His name is intended as a humorous dual parody.
His name comes from the constant clicking of his teeth, his only means of communication.
Rustin Spencer "Rust" Cohle is a fictional character in the first season of the anthology crime drama television series True Detective on HBO.
He began his academic career as a biochemist, in the Otago Polytechnic.
His character is similar to Don Billingsley from the original novel and 2004 film Friday Night Lights.
This behaviour puts him into conflict with his father, who idealistically wishes to maintain Carl's childhood morality and innocence.
On their return, she is a witness first to Boomer's attempted assassination of Adama and then of Cally's successful assassination of Boomer.
He is known and named for his habit of thumping his left hind foot.
Serena was originally Frankie Renard, but the name was changed as the producers thought it was "terrible".
Ethel Muggs is a fictional character by Archie Comics.
He may also be the father of Milly Melnick.
He is portrayed by American actor Tobin Bell.
Martin Dear is a character in the British sitcom Green Wing, played by Karl Theobald.
The novel reflects themes of betrayal, conviction, and redemption, with a revenge plot that leads to a story of love and compassion.
She has had numerous relationships, including several marriages.
Omar is highly intelligent and cunning, consistently executing well-laid plans, anticipating moves, and outsmarting his adversaries with effective strategic planning except for Wee-Bey.
Rose and Bernard visit a faith healer on their honeymoon in Australia, in the hope of healing Rose's cancer.
Jon returns as a prominent character in a A Dance with Dragons, working to negotiate an alliance between the Night's Watch and the wildlings.
Although Swee'Pea remains his most common sobriquet, he is occasionally referred to as Scooner by Popeye and others in later strips.
The entire plot of the series begins when Alison mysteriously disappears and leaves the small town of Rosewood in shock.
When Tim is told to take a job in Singapore, Christine doesn't go with him, fearing that if she did she would lose Max.
Paige is introduced in season four as the fiercely independent younger half-sister of the show's remaining female leads, sisters Piper and Phoebe Halliwell.
In the film, Aki, played by Akiko Wakabayashi, is a female ninja agent with the fictional Japanese government agency Secret Intelligence Service.
Fox Mulder, the FBI agent in charge of the X-Files, considers the X-Files the truth behind the supposed conspiracy.
A comic strip series also ran in the Daily Express newspaper.
The character was developed by Lilley with the assistance of comedian Ryan Shelton.
He was supposed to be a one-time character but resonated with readers so well that Adams brought him back as the HR director.
after he accidentally became drunk and fell off the edge of a building in the episode "Life of the Party," "Did I do that?
Robert Charles "Rusty" Ryan is a fictional character in Ocean's Eleven and its sequels, Ocean's Twelve and Ocean's Thirteen.
She allegedly lived past the age of 100.
His dark nature escalates when he comes into conflict with Rick Grimes and the latter's group, who are occupying the nearby prison.
The Alex Delaware detective series begins with When the Bough Breaks, published in 1985.
Midge Klump is a fictional character appearing in Archie Comics.
All but one are set in the Victorian or Edwardian eras, between about 1880 and 1914.
However, Curto was also an FBI informant, as revealed in the episode, "Proshai, Livushka".
The character was conceived by the writers as the next possible love interest for Jack.
Robert Steven "Bobby" Singer is a fictional character in The CW Television Network's drama/horror television series Supernatural portrayed by Jim Beaver.
Chao Tian is a character featured within the famed classic Chinese novel Investiture of the Gods.
His official name is usually given as Yang Yansi.
John Scalzi, film critic and president of the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America, wrote in 2011:
The main character is Tuva-Lisa Johansson, a Swedish girl who is 12 years old.
Matty is the only lead character in the history of Skins to never have a centric episode - either solo or shared.
He often sees Vivian as the mother figure of the team.
Later cartoons would instead show Tom and Jerry living with a 1950s Yuppie-style couple.
Honeydew worked alone in the first season of The Muppet Show, but from the second season onward, the luckless Beaker would always be present.
He had an extramarital affair with Johnson when they worked together in Washington, DC.
Her attributes complement those of her cousin Lin Daiyu.
He has since appeared in comic books and film as the nemesis of Kull and, later, one of Howard's other creations, Conan the Barbarian.
During the report for phase 3B, Aramis looked like it was in good shape; however, at the end of phase 3B Aramis was abandoned.
"Tommy" Carcetti is a fictional character on the HBO drama The Wire, played by Aidan Gillen.
A distinguishing trait is his constant—and insincere—use of the phrase "my dear" when addressing others.
He is also called by his nickname, "Kallistos", which means "beautiful" or "handsome".
Zhang Feng was appointed as the deity of Zuangu Star in the end.
He subsequently becomes the main character of the television series Stargate SG-1 created in 1997 as a sequel to the movie.
She was offered a tenured position at a hospital in Iowa.
A 30-minute pilot for a television series was created in 1951, but no further episodes were made.
She is portrayed by Rebecca Mader and was first introduced in the second half of the third season, serving as the new main antagonist.
until the mid 1930s when it was replaced with the same one used on the Looney Tunes series.
Hemlock Marreau is a fictional Francophone detective created by Robert Farrow.
Betty Boop is an animated cartoon character created by Max Fleischer, with help from animators including Grim Natwick.
Rat Fink was advertised for the first time in the July 1963 issue of Car Craft.
Davis never received an award for his portrayal alone, but he was nominated for ensemble awards.
In the television series Hannibal, he is portrayed by Hugh Dancy.
On his wedding night, at the moment of Clouds and Rain his internal wounds tear open and he dies a peaceful death, not knowing what's happening.
Ebirah is a kaiju film monster which first appeared in Toho's 1966 film Ebirah, Horror of the Deep.
Ariel has a distinctive appearance, with her long, flowing, bright red hair, blue eyes, green mermaid tail and purple seashell bikini top.
In the episode "A Case of Do or Die", Ballard reveals to Falsone that she was once engaged but could not follow through with the wedding.
After House refuses to apologize, Tritter researches House's background and discovers his Vicodin addiction.
The original TV series was a puppet show named Post Box for kids broadcast in early 1990s in Iran.
Neal currently works as a criminal consultant for the White Collar Crime Division of the FBI in New York City.
Shortly after her creation in 1974, the Hello Kitty vinyl coin purse was introduced by Sanrio in March 1975.
He is voiced by actor Paul Newman in the first and third films and video game, and Corey Burton in all other media.
Sierra is a fictional character portrayed by Dichen Lachman in the Fox science fiction series Dollhouse, created by Joss Whedon.
Daphne is an immigrant from Manchester, England who is employed by Frasier Crane as a live-in housekeeper and physical therapist for his father, Martin Crane.
In 2010, for unknown reasons, Honda began their campaign referencing 'Opportunity is knocking', but the commercials aired without Mr.
The Janitor is a fictional character, played by actor Neil Flynn in the American comedy-drama Scrubs.
Several backstory episodes have established that she was born to an unnamed human mother and the demon Hunson Abadeer.
She travels back to New York and originates another musical role, but this musical is a failure.
It is the 52nd Disney animated feature film.
Eventually, his emotions cloud his judgment and he apprehends the wrong suspect, but Lewis eventually arrests the right one.
Colonel Kurtz is based on the character of a nineteenth-century ivory trader, also called Kurtz, from the novella Heart of Darkness by Joseph Conrad.
Niki, a sufferer of Dissociative Identity Disorder, displays superhuman strength, being able to literally rip others in half.
During the incident, Keikeya tried to convince one of the terrorists, Vinson, that what he was doing was wrong.
Pushpotata gave birth to Ravana and later to Kumbhakarna, Malini bore Vibhishana, and Raka had the unpleasant and unsociable twins Khara and Shurpanakha.
He also briefly appeared in the third book of the series, Nightrise.
He is very easy going and a fan of classical music and musicals.
He is misogynistic and racist, which causes tensions between him and his group of survivors.
Blofeld is head of the global criminal organisation SPECTRE and is commonly referred to as Number 1, an official numerical position given to members of SPECTRE.
Anderson was selected to play Oliver; he spent time with a real F1 doctor and trained with the programme's medical advisors to prepare for the part.
Filmation writer Larry DiTillio created the backstory for the property.
Chan is a detective for the Honolulu police, though many stories feature Chan traveling the world as he investigates mysteries and solves crimes.
He is largely based on Leon Trotsky and describes how he led the opposition against Joseph Stalin, though he also includes elements of Vladimir Lenin.
Kate Morgan is a fictional character in the Fox drama series 24.
She was briefly played by Cloris Leachman before June Lockhart stepped into the role.
Lava is purported to have founded Lavapuri, which is named after him.
She finished studying law in New York University by taking in night classes and is made a partner in MB SportsReps in book 7, Darkest Fear.
From 1981, an accompanying series of 42 Little Miss books by the same author, but with female characters were published.
Jamadagni had five children with wife Renuka, the youngest of whom was Parashurama, an avatar of Lord Vishnu.
A 1955 book in the Little Golden Books series was called Smokey the Bear and he calls himself by this name in the book.
Janie Johnson is a fictional character in a series of books by author, Caroline B. Cooney.
As the series progresses, Paige also receives whitelighter abilities such as the power to "orb" herself and others, as well as sensing, glamouring, and healing.
TV Guide named The Boston Teens among Saturday Night Live's 40 greatest characters in a list compiled in honor of the show's 40th anniversary in 2015.
Although Cruikshank voices Fred, the audio is digitally altered to sound higher-pitched than Cruikshank's true voice.
Tom Clarke is a fictional character in the TV series Taken played by Ryan Hurst.
Though not the first of the screwball characters that became popular in the 1940s, Woody is one of the most indicative of the type.
He is obsessed with obtaining immortality for himself and his family.
This paved the way for Pee-wee's Playhouse, an Emmy Award-winning children's series that ran on CBS from 1986 to 1991.
He longed for recognition of some kind from his father, and decided to become indispensable to him.
The Dune Encyclopedia by Willis E. McNelly provides an extensive, alternate biography for Anirul.
She has the ability to see into the future and the past through dreams, and can also enter and manipulate other people's dreams.
She was played by Lotte Lenya in the film version.
In November 2007, Brian was voted the most popular gay television character of all time by AfterEllen's brother site, AfterElton.
Captain Alexander Smollett is the captain of the schooner Hispaniola in Robert Louis Stevenson's novel Treasure Island.
He recruits John Reese, a former Green Beret and CIA operative, to help him prevent crimes related to the 'people of interest' that the Machine identifies.
He is a former FBI agent, and former partner of Agent Dale Cooper.
Fafhrd talks like a romantic, but his strong practicality usually wins through, while the cynical-sounding Mouser is prone to showing strains of sentiment at unexpected times.
It is also known as Erawan in Thai.
The role put Diesel on Hollywood's A-list, and won him the 2002 and 2014 MTV Movie Awards for Best On-Screen Team with Paul Walker.
In 2011 it was announced that Misery Bear would be appearing in a book called Misery Bear's Guide to Love and Heartbreak.
In one episode, a bank burglar that Brandtner had once caught re-offended again after being released, and managed to take him hostage during the climactic confrontation.
The 2012 feature film John Carter marked the 100th anniversary of the character's first appearance.
The following is a list of character summaries from the FX Networks television series, The Shield.
His one possession of value is the Love Magnet.
Jennifer Melfi, is a fictional character on the HBO TV series The Sopranos.
They did this to give a smile  to the little patients and parents in the hospital.
He first appeared in the novel The Bourne Identity, which was adapted for television in 1988.
Bell had met and become romantically involved with Ms. Morgan in the very first novel in the series "The Chase".
Tars Tarkas wins the duel, and according to Tharkian law becomes Jeddak.
His life changes drastically when he saves a suicidal woman named Esther from drowning.
He serves as an official under Fang La, a rebel leader who established a separatist regime in southern China against the ruling Song Empire.
Jamila is the name of a fashion doll marketed to children in the Middle East.
Carroll asked Walton whether she would be interested in a recurring role.
The end of the book mentions that Tom lived to be a very old man, whereas Edward tragically died young.
Created by animator Chuck Jones, Canasta is depicted as a tough, hulking, and brutish-looking outlaw.
Ella Dee is a fictional character and a witch in the British television series Hex, played by Ulster actress Laura Pyper.
Since his debut, Ken has held at least 40 occupations.
She works at a museum as she mentions to Jack that she looks at art all day, and she has appeared from season seven's tenth episode.
In season 1, she is credited for 11 of the 13 episodes, although she appears in the first episode via footage filmed from another episode.
Heather's portrayal of the character got her into the Rotten Tomatoes Horror Movie Survivor Hall of Fame.
Elizabeth Lochley is a lead fictional character from the universe of the science fiction television series Babylon 5 and Crusade, played by Tracy Scoggins.
Most don't notice this ad, some chuckle, and read on.
Once Zhang Feng had realized this, he would attack his subordinate but would only be cut down himself.
Joseph first appeared in the 3 January 2006 episode "Mother Love", series eight, episode twelve of the programme.
In the series, the character's unorthodox diagnostic approaches, radical therapeutic motives, and stalwart rationality have resulted in much conflict between him and his colleagues.
On Archie Bunker's Place, the character was played by child actor Dick Billingsley and was appropriately pre-school age.
The old man's maxim was Après moi le déluge.
The stories formed the basis for an ITV television series wherein the eponymous character was played by Sean Bean.
His storylines have seen his wife Gina, a Motor Neurone Disease-sufferer, commit assisted suicide, and his relationship with his children subsequently deteriorate.
Ramage was an officer in the British Royal Navy during the Napoleonic Wars.
Snufkin keeps as few worldly possessions as possible, seeing them as a burden, and being happier keeping the memory of a thing than the thing itself.
Luke's famous "hood slide" is the trick most commonly associated with the character.
Gregg went on to appear in Iron Man 2, Thor, and The Avengers.
The Skipper is the title and nickname of Jonas Grumby, a fictional character from the 1960s situation comedy Gilligan's Island.
His first appearance was in David Morrell's novel First Blood.
Initially, the boy managed to outmaneuver the guards.
Upon receiving the role she moved home from Adelaide to Melbourne for filming.
But in nearly every case Dr. Priestly's interest in the problem ceased when he had solved it to his own satisfaction.
He first appeared in the Goofy cartoon Hold That Pose, in which Goofy tried to take his picture.
He appears in 10 other novels, with the series ending with 2007's Plague in Breslau.
She is the only Bond girl to actually marry 007.
Introduced during the second season finale, she became the primary antagonist of the third and fourth seasons.
Raoul, Vicomte de Chagny is a fictional character and one of the protagonists of Gaston Leroux's 1910 novel The Phantom of the Opera.
For instance, the Powers' first vision tells Doyle that "we have a common enemy."
Detective John Hartigan is a major protagonist in the Sin City series of graphic novels, written by Frank Miller.
The name is derived from mogura the Japanese word for mole.
"Smiley" is also sometimes used as a generic term for any emoticon.
But Debi Enker believed writers had toned the character's flamboyancy down.
She was killed in a volatile hostage situation in the third episode of the eighth series.
Theodore "the Beaver" Cleaver is the fictional title character in the American television series Leave It to Beaver.
Hokey Wolf replaced his segment on The Huckleberry Hound Show.
Bridget "Bee" Vreeland is a main character in the 2001 novel The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants.
Jayne Grayson is a fictional character in the BBC medical drama Holby City, portrayed by actress Stella Gonet.
She was played by Alex Kingston and appeared from 1997 to 2004.
She was a celestial maiden in Indra's court and was considered the most beautiful of all the Apsaras.
Samuel Cooper is a fictional character on the CBS crime drama Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior, portrayed by Forest Whitaker.
She appears mainly in the first and second seasons, with a final appearance in the fifth season.
The character appeared in show-related merchandise such as novels and comic books.
Hence, starting with season seven, Monk gets a new therapist, Dr. Neven Bell, portrayed by Hector Elizondo, who remained for the final two seasons.
It is Grandma who is instrumental in keeping Alan and Tin-Tin together when one of Tin-Tin's old flames pays a visit.
The accounts of Vishrava's far-reaching Yogic powers reached the ears of the Asura, Sumali, and his wife, Ketumati.
He is a retired Shakespearian actor who lives in a lavish castle on the Hudson River.
The character was modelled after actor John Le Mesurier.
In another episode, Larry throws his mother's pin money out the window, picks it up later, and claims the money fell from an airplane.
Delaware appears in 32 of Kellerman's popular murder mysteries.
Seymore even appeared on Saturday Night Live, shown guarding an entrance to the White House with Secret Service agents.
Dan and his family live in Brooklyn, New York, the alternative of the old-moneyed and conservative Upper East Side.
In the third episode Nick Cutter is killed, with Danny Quinn replacing him as team leader.
His given name was created for the films; in the novel he is referred to only as "Tessio".
Doll Tearsheet is a fictional character who appears in Shakespeare's play Henry IV, Part 2.
In Dune, Baron Vladimir Harkonnen describes Fenring as "a killer with the manners of a rabbit ... the most dangerous kind."
He wore a traveling cap, and strong, low, yellow boots with leather gaiters.
He reappears to play major roles in The Lost King of Oz, The Purple Prince of Oz, and The Silver Princess in Oz.
Sun Wukong wants to borrow her fan, but she turns him down as the monkey has been on bad terms with her husband before.
She was the only child of Archie and Edith Bunker, and she was married to Michael Stivic.
Series creator Aaron Sorkin said the character was not working out and the departure was an amicable decision with Kelly.
When not pulling trucks, he can be seen pulling the post train or even taking Annie and Clarabel when Thomas is busy.
He is primarily portrayed by a glove puppet, but has also been depicted in animated cartoon shorts and comic strips.
When depicted, he is the lead reindeer pulling Santa's sleigh on Christmas Eve.
Squidward has appeared in many SpongeBob SquarePants publications, toys, and other merchandise.
Penny is a fictional character on the American CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory, portrayed by actress Kaley Cuoco.
Trot is a fictional character in L. Frank Baum's Land of Oz.
While he did so in Season 12, his Season 13 episodes were pushed back a year to season 14.
Helen was a schoolteacher and became main character Sheriff Andy Taylor's girlfriend.
The Tramp is also the title of a silent film starring Chaplin, which Chaplin wrote and directed in 1915.
Stanwyck's portrayal of Dietrichson is considered one of the best Femme fatale roles in Film noir history.
Acting Detective Inspector Rachel Bailey is a fictional character in the English television series Scott & Bailey.
Falco has also won two Golden Globe Awards and three Screen Actors Guild Awards.
What was believed to be the final novel in the series, Last Rites, was published in 1998.
Principally depicted in The Sound and the Fury and in its appendix, they also make appearances in Absalom, Absalom!
He often relies on psychological methods to solve cases.
The Governor vows to eliminate the prison group, and in that pursuit, he leaves several key characters dead both in Rick's group and his own.
The other two are Captain John "Soap" MacTavish and Nikolai.
His other main catchphrase was, "Muttley, do something!"
This is a list of characters from the NBC sitcom The Facts of Life.
In 2013, Weaving reprised the role for a General Electric advertisement.
He is one of the young teenaged protagonists on the MTV animated series Beavis and Butt-Head.
Though Stevens departs in season 6, series creator Shonda Rhimes has said that she would like the chance to create closure for both Karev and Stevens.
He primarily works in the series as a less-than-adept writer struggling to find himself, attempting essays, novels, screenplays, and newspaper articles.
The character has characteristics of the stereotype of homosexuals common in the 1950s and early 1960s.
Mongo the Magnificent, is a fictional private eye and criminologist who has dwarfism, appearing in several books by George C. Chesbro.
Some individual characters appear in all three works, while others appear in only one or two of the works.
Even if the series continued after 2001, Alex wouldn't have appeared in it as Dee Smart was leaving because she was pregnant.
Toto is a fictional dog in L. Frank Baum's Oz series of children's books, and works derived from them.
Plankton and Karen often devise schemes to steal the secret Krabby Patty recipe, but their efforts are always thwarted by Krabs and his employees.
As a replacement to compete with Oswald the Lucky Rabbit, Walt Disney went to create Mickey Mouse in 1928.
Boo-Boo is Yogi Bear's constant companion, and often acts as his conscience.
He runs for president in 1968, but is assassinated in a manner similar to his brother.
Producers decided to give Long the role primarily for her scenes with Ted Danson as Sam.
Mary-Claire Carter is a fictional character from the BBC medical drama Holby City, played by actress Niamh McGrady.
Mary Richards, portrayed by Mary Tyler Moore, is the main character of the television sitcom The Mary Tyler Moore Show.
Unser goes to these extreme measures in hopes of finally stopping all the bloodshed the club is causing and suffering from.
Linden Cullen is a fictional character from the BBC medical drama Holby City, portrayed by actor Duncan Pow.
The ship was designed and built by Professor Hubert Farnsworth and is the sole delivery ship of Planet Express, a delivery service owned by the Professor.
With her husband Peter, she has had three children: Meg, Chris, and Stewie, along with the family dog, Brian.
The character of the Well-Manicured Man was portrayed by John Neville in all his appearances.
Roy Peter Martin writing as Hampton Charles
Carol is also the series' longest-living female character as of season seven, and the only female character to have appeared in every season.
The knockout loss to Ivan Drago was an exhibition fight.
He is the city planner for Pawnee, Indiana, as well as Leslie Knope's colleague and one of Ann Perkins' ex-boyfriends.
Raymond's mother was one of three girls, with Marple being the eldest and his mother having another sister.
Ana Lucia Cortez is a fictional character on the ABC television series Lost, played by Michelle Rodriguez.
Actor Nathan Fillion appears as the face of Richard Castle on the books and on the official website, and participates in book signings.
Buster Kilrain is the only fictional character in Michael Shaara's 1974 novel about the American Civil War Battle of Gettysburg, The Killer Angels.
The characters are listed alphabetically by their last name or by the name which appears in the episode credits.
The Lullaby Cheat, a short story featuring Kestrel, is included in the mystery anthology Crime Through Time, edited by Miriam Grace Monfredo and Sharan Newman.
Leander Sydnor is a fictional character on the HBO drama The Wire, played by actor Corey Parker Robinson.
Rhonda Pearlman is a fictional character on the HBO drama The Wire, played by actress Deirdre Lovejoy.
Randeng Daoren is a character featured within the famed classic Chinese novel Fengshen Yanyi.
Mombi didn't make any further appearances in L. Frank Baum's books.
In addition to the ghosts and other traditional supernatural beings, several of Thunstone's enemies are Wellman's unique creations.
In the 2010 remake of the film, he is portrayed by Academy Award–winner Benicio del Toro.
Throughout the series, James and Kerry's relationship is seen as rocky.
The following is a list of character summaries from the FX Networks television series, The Shield.
Meldrick Lewis is a fictional character on the television series Homicide: Life on the Street played by Clark Johnson.
Shuka studied under Brihaspati and his own father, Vyasa.
Georgia "George" Fayne is a character in the popular Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series.
Since the book series is told from the first person perspective of Sookie Stackhouse, what readers perceive of his character is influenced by what Sookie comprehends.
Dr. Charles Eppes is portrayed as a young mathematical genius and professor of applied mathematics at the fictional California Institute of Science, CalSci.
Donna entered the series as a staff nurse, characterised as a wild-child with a chaotic personal life.
He was later played by Damon Evans, though Mike Evans eventually returned to the role before the end of the series.
House correctly diagnoses Mark with acute intermittent porphyria, and so he has to remain at the hospital for close monitoring.
Akingbola left the series in 2013, with Malick departing on 26 November 2013.
After Song met his friend once again following a time lapse of many decades, he would start off by finding him a wife.
Glinda forced Mombi to undo this curse and Ozma was established back in her place as the official imperial child Queen of Oz.
Abby's magical powers are limited to popping in and out of thin air, floating when she's happy, and turning things into pumpkins.
One of his films, Lend a Paw, won the award in 1942.
Cooper says of Windom Earle that "his mind is like a diamond: cold, hard and brilliant."
Deutsch/LA also manages Kevin Butler's Twitter account and wrote his E3 2010 speech.
Both characters were created by series creators Dave Willis and Matt Maiellaro.
Episode four of season five introduces Rhonda as the wife of Cara Lyn's cousin, Verlan, and as mother to Verlan's child Jessica.
Felix saw a brief three-cartoon resurrection in 1936 by the Van Beuren Studios.
As Li declined the role, Chou signed on.
Superintendent Richard Jury is a Scotland Yard detective who frequently calls on Plant to assist him, unofficially, in his cases.
Hotch begins the series married to his high school sweetheart Haley.
Pussy Galore is a fictional character in the 1959 Ian Fleming James Bond novel Goldfinger and the 1964 film of the same name.
A few years later, he was mistaken for Richard Knight and went to Boston.
He is the only one of the five original captains of the DiMeo crime family who remains in that position throughout the show.
Books one to thirty were written by Hargreaves and the remainder by his son, Adam Hargreaves.
As spin-offs from the literary works, there was a television adaptation of the first novel, Casino Royale, in which Bond was played as an American agent.
"Jamadagni is an avatar of Lord Shiva".
Westphall, who is autistic, took on major significance in St.
Dash was the youngest of nine children.
Asok appears to be a fan of Indian music: in the animated episode "Art" he is shown listening enthusiastically to a female vocalist singing in Hindi.
Developed by series creator Eric Kripke, the character is mainly portrayed by Jeffrey Dean Morgan.
In one of his poems, about a cowboy, one of the lines was "Are you really a gay ranchero?"
The character was first introduced in Chicago Fire as one of several recurring characters from the CPD who cross paths with the firefighters.
Big appeared in Comcast's list of TV's Most Intriguing Characters.
Clair Olivia Huxtable is a fictional character who appears in the American sitcom The Cosby Show.
It was released on 1 April 2006, and was published by Pan Macmillan Australia.
Edward "Ed" Bighead is a fictional character in the cartoon series Rocko's Modern Life and the comic book series of the same name.
ER is an American drama series that aired on NBC from September 19, 1994 until April 2, 2009.
In an act of kindness, Shen Jie would escort Ji Chang back to his homeland on horse, while Ji Chang would use a donkey.
Pendergast is a special agent with the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation.
She is portrayed as an intelligent, determined, exacting woman.
Irene Adler is a fictional character in the Sherlock Holmes stories written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
He is called the "Amateur Cracksman", and often, at first, differentiates between himself and the "professors" – professional criminals from the lower classes.
Charlotte is the Chief of Staff at the fictional St. Ambrose Hospital in Santa Monica.
Mr. Hitchcock appears again in the sixth novel, Deeply Odd.
Alex Kelly is a fictional character on the FOX television series The O.C., portrayed by Olivia Wilde.
Dr. Tara Grace Knowles-Teller is a fictional character on the FX drama Sons of Anarchy, played by Maggie Siff.
There is some overlap of characters with the Spenser books, notably with Healy and Sunny Randall, and indirectly with Susan Silverman.
Holika is associated with the annual bonfire on the night before Holi, the Hindu festival of colors.
Bauer's job usually involves helping prevent major terrorist attacks on the United States, saving both civilian lives and government administrations.
Later in the series, she begins a relationship with Cedric Daniels.
He kept a skeleton called "Uncle Alistair", which Summer explains was from his medical school days, in the attic.
Sondra Huxtable Tibideaux is a fictional character from the 1980s television series, The Cosby Show.
Niles Crane is a fictional character on the American sitcom Frasier, a spin-off of the popular show Cheers.
Draal is a fictional character in the universe of the science fiction television series Babylon 5, played first by Louis Turenne and later by John Schuck.
Chani  is a fictional character featured in Frank Herbert's novels Dune and Dune Messiah.
Cally works as an air maintenance Specialist on Galactica's flight deck and is married to her boss, CPO Galen Tyrol.
Marius de Romanus is a fictional character in The Vampire Chronicles novels written by Anne Rice.
Anton Meyer is a fictional character from the BBC medical drama Holby City, played by actor George Irving.
The characters are shown spending most of their time selling marijuana in front of the convenience store in the Clerks films.
Bert was originally performed by Frank Oz.
"He is the most famous detective ever to walk the corridors of Scotland Yard, yet he existed only in the fertile imagination of a writer.
Blake's 7 was popular from its first broadcast, watched by approximately 10 million in the UK and shown in 25 other countries.
Arjuna loved Vrishtaketu more than he loved his own son.
Rick Grimes has been described as an everyman character who emphasizes moral codes and values.
Leading Seaman Joshua "Josh" Holiday was a fictional TV character on the show Sea Patrol.
When the sheriff said, "One of these days you're going to go a bit too far, Colin Mallory!"
He is voiced by Tom Hanks in all of the feature-length and short films and by Jim Hanks in video games and shorts.
He has also hosted the Qantas comedy audio program on all of their flights worldwide.
The character's absence was never explained—a recurring characteristic of shows run by David E. Kelley.
An adult anthropomorphic basset hound, he is the archenemy of Foghorn Leghorn.
After every Cardinal home victory, Fredbird takes a flag with the team's logo onto the field and waves it around.
Grace has to battle obstacles to find her home at drovers, which include proving herself to Stevie and Kate.
The relationship was, however, criticized for being unnecessarily tragic, leading the "bury your gays" trope to rise to a national debate.
James first appeared in The Railway Series in 1946, in the book Thomas the Tank Engine.
A bulbous pink figure covered with yellow spots, he has a permanent toothy grin and jiggling eyes.
Chao Tian was appointed as the deity of Suipo Star.
Perry is featured as the star of the B-plot for every episode of the series, alongside his nemesis Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz.
"Walker" is presumably the surname of Jed's mother Miranda's adoptive parents, or conceivably the name of someone she married after divorcing Burt Paulsen.
The Ricardos also appear in The Lucy–Desi Comedy Hour, and Lucy also appears in one episode of The Ann Sothern Show.
He is portrayed by child actor Robert "Rusty" Stevens.
His name is inspired by Aleister Crowley.
He was portrayed by Robert Duvall in the films.
The BBC Press Pack for series 4 attributes to Zaf a Muslim background but notes that he is not particularly devout.
3 James the Red Engine and no.
Ferb, an engineering genius, allows Phineas to do most of the talking for the pair and is "more of a man of action."
She would later be known as "Hag Struan", becoming a bitter old woman whose children all died unnatural deaths.
Jenna has many friends in the book, yet also a lot of enemies.
He is an incarnation of the "Avatar", the spirit of light and peace manifested in human form.
At the beginning of the film, she is voiced by Eva Bella as a young child and by Spencer Lacey Ganus as a teenager.
In January 2007, Innes left the show after 12 years with the character of Kerry Weaver moving to Florida.
The characters are all police officers or civilian staff at the fictional Sun Hill police station in London.
Duck is not actually his real name.
Serving as the show's protagonist, Patty's and Ellen's mentor-protégée relationship is the focal point of the show.
In Treasure of Khan, Summer is kidnapped on a diving expedition and later escapes with the help of her brother.
North and South is a social novel by English writer Elizabeth Gaskell.
Mickey Mouse is a funny animal cartoon character and the official mascot of The Walt Disney Company.
Hurt by his master's words, Sun Wukong leaves and returns to Water Curtain Cave.
Adham's portrait and all other's Ragol Al Mostaheel characters were inspired by the famous Egyptian artist Ismail Diab.
Dana Scully is a fictional character in the Fox science fiction-supernatural television series The X-Files, played by Gillian Anderson.
By 2011, Weatherly was listed among the top 10 most popular actors on primetime television, according to Q Score.
She returns to Earth amid chaotic happenings with her family life while in the space program and unexplained events of the early pregnancy.
Lionel's relationship with his son has been likened to that of Harry Osborn and Norman Osborn from Spider-Man comics.
Dobrev portrayed the "conniving" Katherine as well, who is opposite of Elena.
Peter Venkman, Ph.D., is a fictional character from the Ghostbusters franchise.
In 1984, after 47 virtually continuous years, Korky was replaced on the front cover by Desperate Dan.
She and Clay are arguably the series' main antagonists.
After the birth of his second daughter, he leaves TMU in the second season to return to Dillon and once again coach the Panthers.
In the 1999 film With Fire and Sword he is portrayed by Michał Żebrowski.
She has a son, Finn, with her ex-boyfriend Brian Donovan, who is played by Adam Kaufman, Montgomery's real-life boyfriend at the time.
Elena will only wake up when Bonnie dies in around 60 years.
Chuck – became a prairie dog when he and Pearl visited a prairie dog colony in South Dakota; cause of death unrevealed
The role was initially recurring, but became regular as of the 11th episode.
At the first born of this character, directors decided to disuse it because they thought 'cartoon characters must have big eyes and positive attitudes'.
He lives in a large nest behind the 123 Sesame Street brownstone and has a teddy bear named Radar.
At the time of the novel Tai-Pan, he is about twenty.
The character begins the series at about 35 years old.
The character has no eyes, only completely transparent, lensless glasses, giving the appearance of a stereotypical absent-minded intellectual.
His crime fiction stories have very interesting names, often characterised by alliterations like 'Sahara-ey Shiharan', 'Vancouver-er Vampire', 'Honduras-e Hahakar', 'Atlantic-er Atanka', 'Bidghute Bodmas', 'Arokto Arab' etc.
Deanna Monroe is a fictional character from AMC's television series, The Walking Dead, and is portrayed by Tovah Feldshuh.
But working for Heep allows Micawber to expose his boss as a forger and a cheat.
Marc Kilgour is a fictional character from the Henderson's Boys series of books by Robert Muchamore.
Tim Kring has been quoted as saying, "It's no coincidence we named him Hiro... he truly is on a hero's quest."
The Dukes were well known for their role in the moonshine business among other interests.
Like Dennis, she had black and red apparel, and devilishly tormented her parents and other members of her community.
Beatrice eventually moved on and married Bertrand Baudelaire, becoming the mother of Violet, Klaus, and Sunny Baudelaire, the protagonists of A Series of Unfortunate Events.
Harishchandra is a legendary Indian king, who appears in several legends in texts such as Aitareya Brahmana, Mahabharata, the Markandeya Purana, and the Devi-Bhagavata Purana.
Miller has announced he will be the main character of another story, set before That Yellow Bastard.
Federal Bureau of Investigation Special agent Spender made his first appearance in the fifth season 1998 episode "Patient X".
Following this event, Yunzhongzi would present himself before King Zhou.
She is an excellent poker player and a good cook and baker.
In the television series, Maggie does not share the insecurities her comic book counterpart has, and is much more independent to begin with.
The Mystery Writers of America named him a Grand Master in 1988 and in 1990 he was presented Bouchercon's Lifetime Achievement Award.
Aside from Alice herself, he is one of the earliest chesspieces that are introduced into the story.
Phrases he utters in armed stand-offs, "Go ahead, make my day" and "[...] you've got to ask yourself one question: 'Do I feel lucky?'
Nickolas Andrew "Nick" Sobotka is a fictional character on the HBO drama The Wire, played by actor Pablo Schreiber.
He returned to academia, eventually accepting a position at the U.S.
Matt Ryan is a fictional character from the Australian crime drama City Homicide, played by Damien Richardson.
Along with Caballero, Prickley was one of the few characters to appear throughout the entire run of the series, which ended in 1984.
Roslin later cries over his body in the morgue and is seen to keep a picture of him on her desk.
Chloe O'Brian is a fictional character played by actress Mary Lynn Rajskub on the US television series 24.
Paul Schneider was a permanent cast member during the first two seasons as city planner Mark Brendanawicz, but he departed at the end of season two.
Dr. Raymond Langston is a fictional character on the CBS crime drama CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, portrayed by Laurence Fishburne.
Jan Skrzetuski is a fictional character created by Polish author Henryk Sienkiewicz in the novel With Fire and Sword.
He appeared on all seven seasons of The Closer and all six seasonable of Major Crimes.
His goal of using one such child to release Lucifer is not revealed until much later in the series.
A quiet and unassuming man, The Greek prefers to keep a low profile, operating all of his business through his lieutenant Spiros "Vondas" Vondopoulos.
Her grief over her sister's loss causes her to attempt suicide.
Lee, a character actor and instructor who had been blacklisted during the McCarthy era, was "perfectly cast" as Mr. Hooper.
In the cartoon's opening segments, Snidely is seen tying Nell Fenwick to a railroad track.
She came from the ancient Kingdom of Kashi.
Unlike the original character, however, Claire has her own storylines.
As a result, neither was permitted to use firearms, instead preferring to use bow and arrows, which they sometimes tipped with dynamite.
Spacey won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, turning him from a character actor into a star.
Count Dracula is the title character of Bram Stoker's 1897 gothic horror novel Dracula.
She first appears in person in The Two Mrs. Abbotts and in The Four Graces.
Marlene Griggs-Knope is a fictional character played by Pamela Reed in the American comedy television series Parks and Recreation.
Coach Beiste immediately comes into conflict with cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester and glee club director Will Schuester, though Beiste and Will eventually become good friends.
Agent Joshua "Josh" Kohn is a fictional character from the FX television series Sons of Anarchy, played by Jay Karnes.
Ratbert was fired for varnishing employees for use as office furniture.
In the first live-action theatrical movie, video games, and commercials, he was voiced by Scott Innes.
The name Little My originated from the twelfth letter of the Greek alphabet: μ – transliterated as my and pronounced [my] in Swedish.
Colonel Young made his first appearance in the pilot episode, "Air", first broadcast in the United States and Canada in 2009.
The framework of the series was developed by Martin and Snodgrass, including the origin of the characters' superhuman abilities and the card-based terminology.
During Season 7, Falsone begins dating fellow homicide detective Laura Ballard, who joined the unit at roughly the same time that he rotated into it.
She is the daughter of Jia Zheng and his concubine, Concubine Zhao.
Danny and his brother were put in foster care, where Danny had a troubled youth.
From the beginning, Evelyn is very supportive of him.
He had modest success as a breeding stallion.
Being a bachelor, Moser flirts with many of the attractive women featured in the storylines.
Ella Rae Peck later appeared during the second half of the fifth season to portray the role.
He is also the only character to move his crew from the Barksdale Organization to the Marlo Stanfield crew.
He is primarily featured in the 1965 novel Dune, but also appears in the Prelude to Dune prequel trilogy by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson.
The activities they devise usually involve outlandish contraptions, including roller coasters, haunted houses, roller rinks, and a backyard beach etc.
Her storylines focus on her involvement with witch Prue Halliwell's new destiny, and her romantic relationship with the newly revived Benjamin Turner.
She was born Emma Knight, the daughter of an industrialist, Sir John Knight.
Earlier comics portray Salem as an ordinary orange-colored feline who does not speak.
Ash was cast in the role after a five-year break from acting, due to complications arising from MSSA.
Non-material couplings were linking elements that would allow each vehicle to be self-contained, while moving in unison.
Elena Gilbert is a fictional character and protagonist in the novel series The Vampire Diaries.
She was portrayed by Sasha Alexander, who appeared in 49 episodes of the series.
Songs of the Sea was a multimedia show located at Siloso Beach on Sentosa Island, Singapore.
In the 2002 series, Skeletor was once a man named Keldor whose face was accidentally splashed with a corrosive liquid.
But in the later stories we find Jatayu being of great help to Feluda in his work.
Michael "Mikey Grab Bag" Palmice, played by Al Sapienza, is a fictional character on the HBO television series The Sopranos.
Chuckles was known for his popular philosophy in verse: "A little song, a little dance, a little seltzer down your pants".
Alana Mareva is a fictional character in the USA Network science fiction television series The 4400, portrayed by Karina Lombard.
He arranged for two of his own descendants to become Struan's misstresses.
Wilkins Micawber is a fictional character from Charles Dickens's 1850 novel, David Copperfield.
She was usually teamed with fellow female wrestler “Big Chief Mama” in her matches, aka Big Cyndi.
In The Exorcist, Pazuzu appears as a demon who possesses Regan MacNeil.
Andromakennethamblesorton "Kenneth" Ellen Parcell is a fictional character on the NBC comedy television series, 30 Rock, portrayed by Jack McBrayer.
Paul was sent to distant fields or away from home on business.
Maguire formulated the name "Elphaba" from the phonetic pronunciation of Baum's initials L.F.B.
He is not "worldly wise" but has some shred of wit.
Bomkesh Bakshi is probably the best detective in Bengali literature till date.
Butterball is a character from Clive Barker's Hellraiser franchise.
Skinner made his first appearance in the first season 1994 episode "Tooms".
She is non-playable in the first season, turned only playable protagonist in the second and the secondary playable protagonist in the third, alongside Javier.
Jeff Miller is a fictional character in the long-running television series Lassie.
In the first series, Sid is portrayed as a nice guy stereotype, an unlucky virgin who is nervous around girls, and has low self-esteem.
Cosimo Piovasco or simply Cosimo is the protagonist in the Italian novel The Baron in the Trees by Italo Calvino.
His parents are Mexican immigrants who crossed the Rio Grande when his mother was 7 months pregnant.
The first episodes of season 9 show Mitchell's struggle to reunite the former SG-1 members under his command.
Animal is the fictional wild and frenzied drummer of Dr. Teeth and The Electric Mayhem, the fictional band from The Muppet Show.
Aspects of Russell's personality traits were incorporated into the character of Serena after she was cast.
Midge and Alan had three children introduced named Ryan, Nikki, and Cassandra.
He endeavors to uncover the secrets of the fictional town of Gravity Falls and to find explanations for assorted strange situations.
Ramsay is portrayed by Welsh actor Iwan Rheon in the HBO television adaptation.
Jonas was slowly integrated into the story in a prolonged transition stage over the first half of season 6.
In The Tin Woodman of Oz, Jinjur makes her most significant reappearance in the series.
PRince is a cartoon character, created by Indian cartoonist Triambak Sharma and published in the monthly ezine PR-e-Sense published by Prime Point Foundation.
In the film, he was portrayed by Lenny Montana, an ex-wrestler and ex-bodyguard for the Colombo crime family.
She is also one of three characters to be played by the same actors on Love American Style as well as Happy Days.
Minilla is a kaiju who first appeared in Toho's 1967 film Son of Godzilla.
He is an enormously talented and intuitive mathematician, but received little formal education.
Her physical appearance and personality have drawn much comparison between her and preceding Disney Princess Ariel from The Little Mermaid, by whom she was inspired.
Ken Berry came later as brother Vinton.
DI Alexandra "Alex" Drake is a fictional character in BBC One's science fiction/police procedural drama, Ashes to Ashes.
David then enters the store, and Mr. Hooper tells him about how he let Telly use his outlet.
Further, he speculates that by gathering together, they can attract lightning.
Ja'mie is aged 17 and lives in Kirribilli in the upper class North Shore region of Sydney, New South Wales, but was born in South Africa.
The following is a list of recurring, minor characters, in the Disney Channel Original Series, The Suite Life on Deck.
Yang Qilang is the 7th eldest and youngest son of Song Dynasty general Yang Ye in the Generals of the Yang Family legends.
Space Ghost is credited with the popularity of superhero cartoons in the 1960s.
Meyer is a former United States Senator and Vice President of the United States following an unsuccessful run for President.
Hit-Girl or Macready) is a fictional character appearing in the Kick-Ass series, published by Marvel Comics under the company's imprint Icon Comics.
Sidney "Sid" Jenkins is a fictional character in the television series Skins portrayed by Mike Bailey.
The Guide serves as "the standard repository for all knowledge and wisdom" for many members of the series' galaxy-spanning civilization.
At the end of the series, Pearl accidentally used a new controller to send the Satellite of Love crashing back to Earth.
Following The Cleveland Show's cancellation in 2013, Cleveland returned to Family Guy.
Patsy Stone is a fictional character on the UK television series Absolutely Fabulous, portrayed by actress Joanna Lumley.
In his first story arc, he met Charlie Brown when they were both at the beach.
The second part of the arrangement, Struan agreed that a member of the Chen family would forever be comprador of Noble House.
Manda is based on a Japanese dragon.
Bec and Matt reunited and married in the season finale episode, which also saw Bec learn that she was pregnant with Doug's baby.
Despite his promotion being little more than tokenistic, he takes his job much more seriously, and insists that others do the same.
He says that three of his buddies risked their lives to save him.
Ernest, despite having good intentions, is utterly oblivious to Vern's apparent distress regarding him and always regards Vern as his closest buddy and confidant.
Detective Senior Constable Michael Reilly was a fictional character from the Australian police drama Water Rats.
The character made her last television appearance in 2010; she was a special guest star in Dexter's season five opener entitled "My Bad".
He is possessed by the demon Kali.
While growing up in Tulsa, Snedden served as Senior Patrol Leader in Boy Scout Troop 26.
One of the residents wanted to shoot Colin to get it over with, until the sheriff told the angry residents to go home.
Eddi McKee is a fictional character from the BBC medical drama Holby City, played by actress Sarah-Jane Potts.
Fang La is one of the rebel leaders that the 108 Liangshan outlaws have to defeat after they have been granted amnesty by the Song government.
In 2005, an article in The Daily Telegraph suggested, "You can see a line running through him and many other British heroes.
As of December 2010, the series had sold over 100,000 books in Japan.
He has a 2-6-0 wheel arrangement and is engine number 5 on the North Western Railway, The Fat Controller's railway on the Island of Sodor.
The following is a list of characters from the I Know What You Did Last Summer franchise.
Westerby, former cricketer and sports journalist, is an "Occasional" asset of British intelligence.
She was very beautiful and intelligent and later married Pandu.
Chong Heihu is a character featured within the famed classic Chinese novel Fengshen Yanyi.
This means that Jeeves is a valet, not a butler; that is, he serves a man and not a household.
He falls in love with Helena Kurcewiczówna and wants to marry her.
For the sport shooter, see Kay Clark-Miculek
Her last words to Mike and the Bots before pulling the plug on Castle Forrester's observation equipment were, "Look, Nelson.
She was played by actress Jan Smithers, and was based on creator Hugh Wilson's wife.
He made one more appearance after that, in the fourth season.
Nicholas Blake MP is a fictional character in the British TV series Spooks, portrayed by British actor Robert Glenister.
After Arjuna and Karna, Ashwatthama killed most number of warriors in the Kurukshetra war.
The character's critical reception from professionals and fans has been positive.
In "Louise's New Interest", she talks about her father giving her a Native American doll when he couldn't find a black one for her.
Of the two, Chip is portrayed as being safe, focused, and having a mind for logical scheming.
His first name is derived from Robert Bunsen, after whom the Bunsen Burner was named.
Latka is also shown being visited by his mother, who develops an attraction to Alex Rieger, much to Latka's annoyance.
He makes fast friends with Spider, and gets himself into much mischief, including a run-in into Buffer, over Nav's difficulties.
In 2010, Karen Walker was ranked #23 on the TV Guide Network special, 25 Greatest TV Characters of All Time.
Munna Bhai is an Indian fictional character who appears in the Munna Bhai film series.
The Coachman, also known as The Little Man, is a fictional character who appears in Carlo Collodi's 1883 book The Adventures of Pinocchio
Lilith Sternin is a fictional character on the American television sitcoms Cheers and Frasier, portrayed by Bebe Neuwirth.
Carter also appears in two episodes of Season 1 of Stargate Universe.
Kristoff Bjorgman is a fictional character who appears in Walt Disney Animation Studios' 53rd animated feature Frozen.
Series 1 and 2 have been released on DVD in the UK and Australia.
Meyer is a driven, arrogant surgeon, with high expectations of his colleagues.
The Aramis was an experimental personal rapid transit system developed in France for deployment in the Paris area.
In the television series, they work out of a cramped basement office at FBI headquarters in Washington, D.C. to investigate unsolved cases labeled "X-Files".
Cleary, a librarian, wrote the first Henry Huggins book in 1950, in response to the boys in her library searching for books "about boys like us."
The Decapod are an extended parody on Yiddish culture—the bigger joke being that shellfish are not kosher.
In the second episode of Hex, Azazeal sacrifices Cassie Hughes' friend and roommate Thelma Bates, turning her into a ghost and releasing his power.
Writer Louise A. Gikow calls the Noodles "a dynasty of mimes,...in the tradition of great silent film comedians like Charlie Chaplin, Buster Keaton, and Harold Lloyd".
Asami Sato is a major character in Nickelodeon's animated television series The Legend of Korra, which aired from 2012 to 2014.
Zippy is a fictional character on the British children's television programme Rainbow.
Critics note her motives as being understandable, while her actions are given political analogues.
Taking advantage of his eidetic memory, he poses as a psychic and works as a private detective who often consults with the Santa Barbara Police Department.
The Tracy Beaker books were the most-loaned books from public libraries in the United Kingdom between 2000 and 2010.
Ziva first appeared in the Season 3 premiere episode, "Kill Ari", and became a regular cast member from the episode "Silver War".
Horatio Caine is a fictional character and the protagonist of the American crime drama CSI: Miami, portrayed by David Caruso.
Fang La is one of the rebel leaders that the 108 Liangshan outlaws have to defeat after they have been granted amnesty by the Song government.
Lorenzo "Larry Boy" Barese, played by Tony Darrow, is a fictional character on the HBO original series The Sopranos.
He is the illegitimate Chinese/Scottish son of Dirk Struan, founder of Struan's Trading Company, called the "Noble House".
By the end of the episode, he has been promoted to Captain, once again over Giardello.
Now that we have such a genius among us, no one needs to suffer any more anxiety."
Prior to his release by Don Quixote, Ginés tells him that he is in the process of writing his own autobiography.
Along with his astromech droid counterpart and friend R2-D2, C-3PO provides comic relief within the narrative structure of the films, and serves as a foil.
Mr Achilles is descriptive of both Chicago's socially prominent and poor immigrant classes.
He likes to drink beer in the alley behind his house with his friends.
Mo's storylines often developed through her close friendship with nurse and transplant co-ordinator Jonny Maconie.
McGowan won the Family Television Award for Favorite Sister in 2005 for her portrayal of Paige.
Larter won a Young Hollywood Award for her role and was also nominated for a Blockbuster Entertainment Awards.
In the first series, the character is considered an antihero, and in some respects his actions are very antagonistic due to his antisocial tendencies.
On 19 June 2014, it was announced that Dhillion would be returning to Holby City for a short stint.
However, Dr. Roberts does not appear in the wedding, despite his paternal love for Summer.
Nyarlathotep is a character in the works of H. P. Lovecraft and other writers.
Zhao Qi was appointed as the deity of Tianshe Star in the end.
At this point, Lord Shiva joined the battle against Krishna because he had promised protection to Banasura.
Witherspoon's performance as Tracy was widely acclaimed by critics and garnered her multiple awards and nominations, including a Golden Globe nod.
The first 'Misery Bear' episode titled 'Trip to London' was released in October 2009.
He is usually referred to only by his last name in the context of the novels.
In most media, his right claw is extra large and thus achieves an extra-deadly grip.
Edgar is the father of his and Catherine's daughter, Catherine Linton, and the brother of Isabella Linton.
In 1999, Beale was sent back to 1948 after the plane she was flying on crash into the ocean.
Rosa "Miss Rosa" Cisneros is a fictional character from the Netflix dramedy series Orange Is the New Black, played by Barbara Rosenblat.
He does this with his less-talkative stepbrother Ferb, and often with many other neighborhood children.
Vaughn Edwards is a fictional character the BBC television drama Spooks being portrayed by actor Iain Glen.
Her name translates roughly as "In quest for spring".
It has an ESRB rating of E for moments of mild violence and peril.
As the Avatar, Aang controls all four elements and is tasked with keeping the Four Nations at peace.
Itzin was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series for his portrayal in 2006.
Each of these characters has murdered at least one person during their life, although for most it was substantially more.
In secret, however, he lives a double life as a member of an all-animal espionage organization referred to as O.W.C.A..
Johannes Kreisler is the name of a character in three novels by E.T.A.
Having a short-temper, he finally beats her with his staff and kills the demon, revealing that she was just a skeleton spirit.
Knight auditioned for the show, expecting a one-season run.
Amanda Collins is one of the main characters of Nikita, portrayed by Melinda Clarke.
She is a CGI composite of various features of seven existing members of the theater/idol group AKB48.
He is an undertaker and coffin maker who owns and operates a small dark shop in a small town some 75 miles from London.
The role was played by Grace Kirby in the first film and Barbie Wilde in the sequel.
The following is a list of fictional characters from the Austin Powers series of films.
He joins the Atlantis expedition after "The Siege" as one of the personnel on the Daedalus class battlecruiser.
Cally is a fictional character from the British science fiction television series Blake's 7, played by Jan Chappell from 1978 to 1981.
One of the main characters, Barney is a womanizer who uses many 'plays' in his 'playbook' to help him have sex with women.
Henry "Hank" Voight is a fictional character in the television series Chicago P.D..
Later Sancho and Don Quixote meet Ricote and his daughter Ana Félix in Barcelona.
Kumonga is a mutated, enormous spider kaiju first appearing in Toho's 1967 film Son of Godzilla.
As of Season 6 he is the Sergeant-at-arms for the mother charter.
Jango was also the "father" of unaltered clone Boba Fett, which he requested as part of his contract with the Kaminoans.
Thus, Randeng Daoren takes his leave after ensuring the Zhou Dynasty into the trust of Li Jing, who is now Li, the Pagoda Bearer.
According to Barbara Billingsley, his character was written out because of his overly ambitious stage mother causing grief with the producers.
Monk is also responsible for all phone activity in the organization and largely acts as an intermediary between Marlo and the rest of the organization.
The following is a list of characters in the Archie Comics universe.
Before Professor Flutesnoot appeared, Archie comics featured a similarly designed character named Mr. Fluteweed.
The actress received an Emmy nomination for her performance in the role in 1959.
She takes him to a tribunal from which she emerges victorious.
It was revealed that Morello was not really engaged to Christopher, and had in fact stalked and terrorized him after one date.
She gains the ability to warp reality through the power of projection and is revealed as the "Ultimate Power".
Lucas Ferrer is a fictional man and the series protagonist on the Telemundo television series El Clon.
Toby becomes deeply attached to Mrs. Lovett, thinking of her as a surrogate mother.
Baba Looey is a fictional anthropomorphic Mexican burro that appeared in The Quick Draw McGraw Show.
Zosia arrives at Holby City hospital to start her first year of the Foundation Programme.
They have also appeared in a Pepsi billboard advertisement, wearing a Canucks jersey.
Despite her dominating nature, Roseanne is a loving mother who works hard and makes as much time for her kids as possible.
Challenging the already extant leading Muslim fashion doll Fulla, the 11.5 inch Jamila was launched by Simba Toys Middle East in October 2006.
Inspiration for her design came from the characters of Queen Hash-a-Motep from She and Princess Kriemhild from Die Nibelungen.
It also surrounded the highs and lows of Myrto Anagnostou's, Stefanos Doukas's and Ektoras Anagnostou's extended family of children, ex-husbands/wives/girlfriends, long lost friends and other relatives.
He is an exceptional marksman, and skilled in unarmed combat, skiing, swimming and golf.
He made his first screen appearance in the pilot episode broadcast on 28 August 2007.
Ricote is also a village formerly inhabited by Moriscoes.
Initially Havers despises all Lynley stands for but she grudgingly comes to accept his innate, bemused decency while recognizing his faults.
Betsy is usually pictured as having blonde or light-brown hair, though in a few appearances she is drawn as a brunette.
She is the daughter of the Cylon Sharon "Athena" Agathon and human father Karl "Helo" Agathon.
She is the lead character in Larsson's award-winning Millennium series, along with the journalist Mikael Blomkvist.
In Hindu mythology, Kunti-Bhoja was the adoptive father and cousin of Queen Kunti.
Spacey has received positive reviews for his portrayal of Frank Underwood, but the character itself has been criticized for its repetitive nature and one-dimensionality.
In recognition of its influence, MSN Movies described the Stansfield character as "the role that launched a thousand villains".
Her trademark is the magic wand crowned with a crystal orb, but Evil-Lyn typically generates magic without the assistance of any instruments.
This "purebred" of pigs is a kind, grandfatherly philosopher of change.
He was created by Damon Albarn and Jamie Hewlett.
Instead, she became a nicer, relatable and more of "the girl next door" type, until her life gets flipped upside down when she meets the Salvatores.
A listing of the characters from the ALF television series that ran between 1986 and 1990.
The personality and visual appearance of the character was based upon Beatrix Potter's Benjamin Bunny.
The first collection of stories about the character was the book Winnie-the-Pooh, and this was followed by The House at Pooh Corner.
Just how much money he had was never specified, but he was shown as owning several large corporations.
is a fictional character from the ABC medical drama Grey's Anatomy, portrayed by actress Kim Raver.
Rudi Gunn is a fictional character in the Dirk Pitt adventure novels by novelist Clive Cussler.
The Care Bears are a group of characters created by the U.S. greeting card company American Greetings in 1981.
Stan Beeman is a fictional character in the American television drama series The Americans on FX, and the supporting male character.
Raymond and Joan had two sons, one of whom is named David and works in British Railways.
A flamboyantly gay Austrian fashion reporter, Brüno first appeared during short sketches on The Paramount Comedy Channel in 1998, before reappearing on Da Ali G Show.
Michael Dibdin was a British crime writer who was famous for inventing the character of 11 crime novels set in Italy, Aurelio Zen.
Ratbert soon realized that he was the subject of a hideous macaroni and cheese experiment and escaped, eventually finding a refuge in Dilbert's house.
When Lassie's exploits on the farm end in the eleventh season, she finds new adventures in the wilderness alongside United States Forest Service Rangers.
Guy Davis from The Newcastle Herald named her a role model for junior solicitors.
Unlike Cornelius and Una Persson, she is depicted as an authoritarian figure, a sado-masochistic techno-magician.
However, through uncanny streaks of luck, the situation always seems to work itself out for him, leaving him no worse than before.
His Russian name Begemot means hippopotamus, but also refers to the legendary Biblical monster.
He made his debut screen appearance in the first series episode "In The Hands Of Giants Pt 1", which was broadcast on 28 August 2007.
Langston Graham is a fictional recurring character in the NBC television series Chuck.
The friendly bear from deepest, darkest Peru—with his old hat, battered suitcase, duffel coat and love of marmalade—has become a classic character from English children's literature.
He represented the dramatic shift that the A-Team underwent in the final season, as their new primary antagonist and boss.
Alison is the main antagonist for a portion of the fifth season of the television series, when she begins working against the Liars.
Arvin Sloane is a fictional character played by Ron Rifkin.
At the end of the third volume, "Villains," he acquires the ability to massively amplify the power of any posthuman he touches.
A new line of products is speculated to be launched in February 2017.
His rather unusual nickname is actually his stage name, from his days as an acrobat in a circus.
He is portrayed by the comic actor Glenn Robbins.
Till she cry “Lover, gold-hatted, high-bouncing lover,
This is an alphabetical list of Gobots characters with information on their appearances, fictional biographies and histories.
The doctor is summoned by Tristram Shandy's father to attend his son's imminent birth.
He is Hornblower's best friend, and serves with Hornblower in the Royal Navy prior to the Peace of Amiens and again during the Napoleonic Wars.
Pierce has one son, who, when last he was mentioned, was serving in the U.S. Navy.
Margaret Edmondson is a fictional character in the television series Battlestar Galactica, portrayed by actress Leah Cairns.
Sam has expressed his interest in Sookie and has kissed her on more than one occasion, but the two have never actually dated.
Cindy Decker is a fictional character in a series of mystery novels by Faye Kellerman.
Flint is a fictional 18th-century pirate captain who features in a number of novels, television series, and films.
Balto is a 1995 American animated adventure film directed by Simon Wells, produced by Amblin Entertainment and distributed by Universal Pictures.
In the film, Forrest is portrayed essentially as a heroic character who faces a variety of setbacks and misfortunes yet maintains a compassionate and forward-looking attitude.
All together Pluto appeared in 89 short films between 1930 and 1953.
Ethan Zobelle is a fictional character on the FX television series Sons of Anarchy, played by Adam Arkin.
Lincoln obtained the role in April 2010; Kirkman felt he was an "amazing find."
His face bears a perpetual scowl between two immense jowls.
It is implied that she is not related to the family by blood, and took on the surname Yang because she was an orphan.
Victory Ford is a lead fictional character of the NBC sitcom/drama Lipstick Jungle, played by actress Lindsay Price.
She has appeared in various media related to the novel including feature films and plays.
The special included the key characters from The Family sketches, including Mama.
He is Mr Jaggers's clerk and the protagonist Pip's friend.
A common criticism was underwhelming performances by Cassidy and Cortese.
She is the wife of the Bull King and mother of Red Boy.
Like all Psi Corps members, Winters' telepathic ability was numbered according to ability; Winters was classified as a P5, the level of most commercial telepaths.
Former allies in Season 7 such as Andrew and Rona now lead squads of their own.
Her role was significantly expanded in the 1902 musical extravaganza, in which L. Frank Baum named her Locasta.
The character has appeared in numerous "top lists", often commending her as a Star Wars character.
The following are fictional characters in Disney's 1959 film Sleeping Beauty.
Begun in 1950 by Charles M. Schulz, Peanuts saw several secondary characters come and go throughout the strip's fifty-year run.
At the beginning of the series, he is thirteen years old and dreams of being a lawyer one day.
He first appeared in Orange Crush, although he later appeared in Triggerfish Twist.
He is one of the major third person points-of-view through which Martin narrates both books.
She was played by actress Toni Lewis.
Alex is a young boy being used by MI6, the British international intelligence service.
He is voiced by P. J. Byrne.
Beyond animation, Donald is primarily known for his appearances in comics.
Seth first appears in the Christmas special as a guest character.
Neo is a fictional character and the main protagonist in The Matrix franchise.
In Swahili, pumbaa means "to be foolish, silly, weakminded, careless, negligent".
The character has been met with largely positive critical reception.
Stabri Monogo is a popular character on the network that passes from hand to hand and travels around the world.
Stephen Maturin, FRS,  is a fictional character in the Aubrey-Maturin series of novels by Patrick O'Brian.
In Have His Carcase, she collaborates with Wimsey to solve a murder but still finds him to be overbearing and superficial.
Reaction to the characters was generally negative, with show runner, Damon Lindelof, acknowledging the couple are "universally despised" by fans.
Cattrall received a Screen Actors Guild Award, and a Golden Globe Award for her performances.
He is a notorious Baltimore stick-up man, frequently robbing off street-level drug dealers.
Koko the Clown was an animated character created by animation pioneer Max Fleischer.
Kabumpo, the Elegant Elephant of Pumperdink, is a fictional character in the Oz books of Ruth Plumly Thompson.
She has helped the survivors of Oceanic Flight 815 on many occasions, and is reunited with her mother at the end of the third season.
Rashad, originally credited as Phylicia Ayers-Allen, won the role by exhibiting a subtlety in her audition that other candidates lacked.
Peter Warren Hatcher is a fictional character created by American author Judy Blume.
Dawg also feuds with other enemies as well like Henery Hawk, the Weasel, Daffy Duck and Sylvester.
The title is taken from the name of the big brown dog who is the center of the book's story.
He is a chain smoker,but in every story he tries to get rid of it.
Jacques Eliacin François Marie Paganel is one of the main characters in Jules Verne's novel In Search of the Castaways.
Roxanne Marie "Roxy" LeBlanc is a fictional character on the Lifetime television series Army Wives, played by Sally Pressman.
Her fan, made from banana leaves, is extremely large and has magical properties, as it can create giant whirlwinds.
Maia Skouris is a fictional character on the USA Network science fiction TV show The 4400.
He was also added briefly to the original film Star Wars when the film was digitally remastered.
However, while displaying bohemian panache, she manages also to maintain style and class.
Fred is a six-year-old boy with a high-pitched voice, dysfunctional home life, and "anger management issues."
Barney's personality was based on that of Ed Norton on the 1950s television series The Honeymooners, played by Art Carney.
During the time Burkhard was on the show, the international ratings for the series increased.
The character first appeared, nameless, in Avery's 1943 cartoon Dumb-Hounded.
In short time, Zhiji Jing would decide to stay with the king at Zhaoge instead of living in the mountains as previously.
Her birthday is in December, which is established in the episode "In the Room".
Po is also the prophesied Dragon Warrior, as well as the warrior of black and white.
His counterpart in the original UK series of The Office is Lee.
Mangiafuoco is the fictional director and puppet master of the Great Marionette Theatre, who appears in Carlo Collodi's book The Adventures of Pinocchio.
Song Yiren is a character featured within the famed classic Chinese novel Investiture of the Gods.
Simon swears revenge against the Phantom and leads an angry mob into his lair and through the streets.
Sabor is a generic name for lionesses in Mangani, the fictional language of the great apes in the Tarzan novels of Edgar Rice Burroughs.
Zachariah is a fictional character portrayed by Kurt Fuller on The CW Television Network's drama and horror television series Supernatural.
Virgil Ross, the animator for A Wild Hare describes how the character came to be named in the interview published by Animato!
Major Anya Amasova is a fictional character in the James Bond film The Spy Who Loved Me, portrayed by Barbara Bach.
Merida is also the main character of the games Brave and Temple Run: Brave.
George Colthurst St Barleigh, was a young officer in the British Army during World War I, a supporting protagonist in the fourth series.
Titus Andromedon is a main character on the Netflix original series Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
The books are noted for containing many popular culture references, which include singers, movies, and fads in modern culture.
She is portrayed by Audrey Marie Anderson.
He is also the husband of Abby McDeere, a Western Kentucky University–educated elementary school teacher.
Ostlere's first days on-set influenced various aspects of Arthur's characterisation such as his "preppy attire", fidgeting with his glasses and his clumsy nature.
He is one of the most favourites amongst the other puppets in this show, and frequently in any survey, rated as the top favourite.
The character was met with generally mixed reviews from critics.
Briareos is a trained ESWAT officer, his point man is Deunan.
An anthropomorphic mouse who typically wears red shorts, large yellow shoes, and white gloves, Mickey has become one of the world's most recognizable characters.
In the penny dreadful The String of Pearls, Tobias Ragg is the apprentice of Sweeney Todd – a barber who murders his customers.
The character was popular in its original run and went on to become one of Farley's best-known characters.
Upon his death, Dr. Jackson ascends to a higher plane of existence among the Ancients.
Malcolm "Mal" Reynolds is a fictional character and the protagonist of the Firefly franchise.
The character of Marita Covarrubias was portrayed by Laurie Holden in all her appearances.
Ravana was also the villain of an epic, the Ramayana.
Fonzie becomes fond of Joanie, affectionately referring to her as "Shortcake", and, like her brother Richie, Fonzie looks after her well-being.
Adam Henry Carter is a fictional character from the BBC espionage television series Spooks, which follows the exploits of Section D, a counter-terrorism division of MI5.
Marion Moseby is a character on The Suite Life of Zack & Cody and its spin-off, The Suite Life on Deck.
The most recurring malady was inflamed hemorrhoids where he would bring a donut cushion to his desk chair.
Wendy hesitates at first to fly off to Neverland, but she comes to enjoy her adventures.
Archer was created by Adam Reed, who began working on the character shortly after the conclusion of the television series Frisky Dingo.
A Heroic Warrior with a robotic camera-shaped head, he has the ability to ‘focus in’ on his enemies and drain their strength.
This article lists magical beings in the U.S. television series Charmed, broadcast on the now-defunct TV network The WB.
After a 25-year hiatus, the premiere of this series marks their first television appearance together since 1990.
Jackson is part of SG-1 until his death at the end of the season 5, when he is replaced by Jonas Quinn.
He himself is then killed by Chingachgook, the father of Uncas.
Rat Fink and Roth are featured in Ron Mann's documentary film Tales of the Rat Fink.
Percival "Abra" Durant is a fictional character from the BBC medical drama Holby City, portrayed by actor Adrian Edmondson.
The discovery "... could have scarcely have been more surprising had it been Mrs. Stitch herself."
Yuri Andreievich Zhivago is the protagonist and title character of the novel Doctor Zhivago by Boris Pasternak.
Gemma also had to deal with the revelation of her "raunchy" alter-ego Dr. Honey, who was face of an online problem page.
Magua is the enemy of Colonel Munro, the commandant of Fort William Henry, and attempts on several occasions to abduct the colonel's daughters, Cora and Alice.
Elliot was introduced as a consultant surgeon and Clinical Lead on Holby General's cardiothoracic surgery ward.
It is based on the eponymous comic book series by Robert Kirkman.
Four bronze coins were split in half.
In the third season, he was executed by Iranian authorities after completing a CIA plot against the Iranian Revolutionary Guard.
When Davis first received the role, the character was written as an extra for the pilot episode.
Bennett also said Morello had "the most amazing accent on television".
I will capture Chong Heihu for you!
This is a list of characters from the Wild Cards book series.
Patty is a fictional character featured in the long-running syndicated daily and Sunday comic strip Peanuts, created by Charles M. Schulz.
McGee appeared in 21 novels, from The Deep Blue Good-by in 1964 to The Lonely Silver Rain in 1984.
Pipa Jing is one of three renowned female spectres under the legendary Nu Wa.
Yunior was also the narrator in Diaz' first novel The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao in 2007.
Telly also has something of a friendship with Oscar the Grouch, since they appear in many segments together.
Leizhenzi a character featured within the famed classic Chinese novel Investiture of the Gods.
Nien Nunb is a fictional character in the Star Wars franchise.
Virginia Pearson still appeared in new scenes, now playing Carlotta's mother.
Stefan Salvatore is a fictional character from L. J. Smith's novel series The Vampire Diaries.
He tries to keep Yogi from doing things he should not do, and also to keep Yogi from getting into trouble with Ranger Smith.
In the fifth season, he attempts to convince Dean Winchester into serving as the human vessel for the archangel Michael to start the apocalypse.
She can speak a language called Dragonfly and is teaching Rosita the language, while Rosita teaches her Spanish.
As one of the principal characters of Prison Break, he has been featured in the first four seasons of the series.
Played by Dominic Monaghan, Charlie was a regular character in the first three seasons, and continued to make occasional appearances until the final season.
Oliver departed in the episode "Mens Sana In Corpore Sano", dated 9 July 2013.
She was critical of the character's development during the show's fourth season, particularly her romance with George.
Carl's interests are in sports, pornography, and the bands Foreigner, Loverboy, Foghat, and Boston, especially their song "More Than a Feeling".
Dialogue in the initial episode of Galactica 1980 indicates that "Boxey" was a childhood nickname, and that the character's given name was always Troy.
Atikaya was the younger brother of Indrajit and was extremely powerful.
Following the Cylon attack which destroyed the Colonies, Serina became romantically involved with Captain Apollo and began training as a Colonial warrior.
She has also appeared in stories by other authors including M. John Harrison and Brian Aldiss.
Manda's roars were created through recordings of lions bellowing.
Championship fights did not convert from 15 rounds to 12 rounds until 1982, and 1988.
was created by David Croft, who also wrote the theme music, and Jeremy Lloyd.
Despite his middle name being Edgar, he is known as Jeffrey T. Spaulding; his first name is also spelled as "Geoffrey" in parts of the film.
He is a close friend of Barmy Fotheringay-Phipps, and the two always perform a "cross-talk" act written by Catsmeat Potter-Pirbright at the annual Drones smoker event.
David’s talents at forgery are quickly evident, as are his other artistic skills.
He had two brothers, Nezha and Jinzha.
On the night of the 2006 election, Annabeth goes to Leo's room where she believes he is taking a nap.
The stories of the two were only loosely connected until the 1960s, when Leiber organized them chronologically and added additional material in preparation for paperback publication.
Unlike the majority of the adapted characters in the film, Louie was not in Rudyard Kipling's original works.
Marty made his debut in the novel Celestial Dogs, working as yet another low-rent, Los Angeles detective.
The Red king is a character who appears in Lewis Carroll's fantasy story Through the Looking-Glass.
Stanley has no direct counterpart in the UK series.
An expert liar, she is considered a goddess by Manute, her towering manservant, and a "manipulative bitch" by Dwight.
A Paul Temple comic strip ran in the London Evening News from the mid-1950s to the early 1960s.
Charlie sleeps in constantly, and retains a full-time housekeeper, Berta.
Clementine is a young 8-year-old girl living with her parents in an Atlanta suburb.
He explains: "I must do it, it will make me loved and esteemed by the common people.
Most of Rachel's songs are solos, with some being group tracks and a few being duets.
The novel follows Pip's process from childhood innocence to experience.
The character begins as a human being named Alexander James "Alex" Murphy, who is killed in the line of duty by a vicious crime gang.
Since 1998, these are also spinoff-books with Håkan as the main character.
Bai Yutang, nicknamed "Sleek Rat", is a fictional Song dynasty knight-errant from the 19th-century Chinese novel The Seven Heroes and Five Gallants.
Most of his cartoons revolve around him inflicting various forms of torture on his enemy for seven minutes.
He is chief executive officer of the Tuura Company.
Sir John Hugo Rutherford, 2nd Baronet was a Conservative party politician in the United Kingdom.
In 2008, Montana was named the 27th Greatest Movie Character by Empire Magazine.
The character is based on Tim Canterbury from the original version of The Office.
He is an Italian New Yorker and a main character in several different storylines.
In 2010, reruns of the strip appeared in more than 50 countries, and nearly 45 million copies of the Calvin and Hobbes books had been sold.
Her character was based on a former co-worker of cartoonist Scott Adams.
He has also made crossover appearances in the other MacFarlane-produced shows, such as American Dad!
Neo is also an anagram of "one", a reference to his destiny of being The One who would bring peace.
The character made an appearance in the Sleepy Hollow episode "Dead Men Tell No Tales" as part of a two-part Halloween cross-over with Bones.
In the 1958 film Dracula, she is called Lucy Holmwood and is engaged to Arthur Holmwood.
The character is Budd's first ongoing role in five years.
He is also a heavy drinker, which led to him being nicknamed "tequila".
Tess is currently a senior ward sister.
Caine also starred as this character in two other films not directly based on Deighton's novels.
The name alludes to "kamakiri", the Japanese word for mantis.
The two dogs have no names and are not one of the well-known Looney Tunes characters.
Galen Tyrol is played by Aaron Douglas, who originally auditioned for the role of Lee Adama before that role went to English actor Jamie Bamber.
The character is the source of the name of the protein Tafazzin.
Finn began appearing from series 4 episode 1, in which he was introduced alongside Jess.
Thing T. Thing, often referred to as just Thing, is a fictional character in the The Addams Family series.
The Hungry Tiger is a fictional character from The Oz books by L. Frank Baum.
Frank the Pug is a fictional character from the movie Men in Black, its sequel, its animated series, and the video game MIB: Alien Crisis.
Jess is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 science fiction comedy-drama Misfits, portrayed by Karla Crome.
His beard hair act as antennae and he can pick up vibrations through walls and underground.
He was played by child actor Quinn Lord in the film.
He has a teenage daughter, Beatrice, whom Crosetti says "was as close to perfection as God allows."
Plane Daffy is a 1944 Warner Bros. cartoon directed by Frank Tashlin, starring Daffy Duck.
In Son of Holmes, Lupa investigates the murder of an intelligence agent and acts of sabotage in a small French town during World War I.
It also knocks some moral sense into the readers.
The doll still enjoys fame and dissemination.
She was initially introduced as an informant, leaking diplomatic information to FBI Special Agent Fox Mulder to aid his investigation of paranormal cases, dubbed X-Files.
The Quinn from Earth Prime was merged with this fraternal alternate of Quinn Mallory by Dr. Oberon Geiger as a science experiment.
Rijuda books are meant for people of all ages.
Walter O'Brien is the fictional lead character in the American drama television series, Scorpion.
Lecter was introduced in the 1981 thriller novel Red Dragon as a forensic psychiatrist and cannibalistic serial killer.
The relationship was well-received by viewers and was labelled "Zax" by fans.
He is a man of honour, always faithful to his master, duke Jeremi Wiśniowiecki.
Ras has perfected techniques of brain transplantation, which he uses to provide rich elderly Martians with youthful new bodies for a profit.
In later stories he changes sex to become Elizabeth Andrew Jackson Libby.
When Bill Henrickson and Nicolette Grant fled the Juniper Creek Compound, she stowed away in their truck.
In the film, Amasova is an agent of the KGB.
He first appears in The Hard Goodbye and follows with appearances in A Dame to Kill For, Just Another Saturday Night, and Silent Night.
During the fourth season finale, "Operation Mongoose", Emma absorbs the power of the Dark One into herself to save Storybrooke.
She is often compared to a cat toying with its prey.
Selina Catherine Meyer is a fictional character portrayed by Julia Louis-Dreyfus on the HBO television comedy series Veep.
He is the nephew of Howard and Marion Cunningham and a teacher and basketball coach at Jefferson High School in Milwaukee.
Crow is a robot, who, along with others, ridicules poor-quality B movies.
Drongo is a fictional character in Chingiz Abdullayev's Drongo series.
He first appeared as a recurring character in the second-season episode "Resistance", but assumed a pivotal role in the series by the end.
She was the wife of Dhritrashtra, the blind king of Hastinapura, and the mother of a hundred sons, the Kauravas.
They are a hillbilly couple with fifteen children whose lives turn upside-down when they win a model-home-of-the-future in a slogan-writing contest.
She was conceived prior to the divorce.
Dani made her first appearance in the second episode of the fifth season, Tina in the Sky with Diamonds.
Fiona Glenanne is a fictional character in the television series Burn Notice, portrayed by Gabrielle Anwar.
Episode 2 of Season 5 saw Maxine's departure to a facility that is specially equipped to treat her illness.
Suddenly, Telly runs out of the store, leaving Mr. Hooper nervous.
Narada is described as both wise and mischievous, in humorous tales.
Most of these stories were later collected in a 1972 book, published after Hemingway's death, titled The Nick Adams Stories.
In the third season Chris finally becomes a made man.
In the illustration showing Terence, Clive Spong depicted Terence with a rectangular face and no widow's peak.
The character was created by lead writer and executive producer Sally Wainwright and appears from the first episode of the series broadcast on 20 November 2012.
She works as the Head of Emergency Medicine at Westmore Public Hospital.
Field Cate portrays young Ned in flashbacks.
Since his parents' divorce, Loretta gave custody of Cleveland Jr. back to Cleveland and forced him to move.
The character claims to dislike puppets, and says his most prized possession is his "brush", this being the traditional name for a fox's tail.
Robert is portrayed by Mark Addy in the HBO television adaptation.
The character is based on the Roman matron Octavia Thurina Minor, sister of Roman Emperor Augustus.
Rafael Pangilinan "Rafi" Reavis is a Filipino-American professional basketball player for the Star Hotshots in the Philippine Basketball Association.
Geraldine Jones was a fictional African American character, the most famous recurring persona of comedian Flip Wilson.
Malcolm Tucker is the protagonist/antihero of the BBC political satire, The Thick of It, and is portrayed by Peter Capaldi.
In June 2010, Entertainment Weekly also named him one of the 100 Greatest Characters of the Last 20 Years.
Trinity first appears in the first film in the trilogy, The Matrix.
The Pointy-haired Boss is Dilbert's boss in the Dilbert comic strip.
She leaves the Alexandria Safe-Zone and relocates to the Hilltop Colony.
"The demon of the waterless desert, the killer-demon".
In later books, Jellia eventually becomes Princess Ozma's favorite servant out of the Emerald City's staff administration.
To prepare for the role Ostlere visited a hospital and shadowed a registrar and foundation doctors on their rounds.
Brodie, who caught him on tape in "The Documentary".
In 1991, actor Dana Elcar began to develop glaucoma, a degenerative condition of the eyes that causes blindness.
In August 2014, Marcel became pregnant and in the latter quarter of the year, went on maternity leave.
In all three motion pictures, he is portrayed by actor Richard Bright.
The following is a list of character summaries from the FX Networks television series, The Shield.
Abigail "Abby" Whelan is a fictional character portrayed by Darby Stanchfield, created by Shonda Rhimes for the political drama television series Scandal.
He survived, but at the cost of his face.
In this episode, a partial shot of a diploma suggests that she graduated from Carnegie Mellon University.
Two months later he loses a lump of flesh saving a 19-year-old widow from a stampeding horse.
In Trojan Odyssey, Loren finally marries Dirk Pitt.
In the television series, his family originates from Ireland.
She is introduced in the series as the 15-year-old bride-to-be of Juniper Creek cult leader Roman Grant.
Along with her co-star who plays her onscreen mother, Jane Turner who plays Kath Day-Knight, Riley created the series and writes it.
He is a retired Scotland Yard commissioner and his godson Dermot Eric Craddock is a Detective Inspector at Scotland Yard.
He is played by Robert Wagner in all three movies, while his younger self is played by Rob Lowe in The Spy Who Shagged Me.
His facial features are based on Tone Thyne, an animator for Disney at the time.
Unlike trains, individual Aramis were not physically attached.
Throughout her years, Grandma has never visited a stately home but hopes to do so, especially after meeting Lady Penelope.
Only in this way, as he more than once remarked, was it possible to maintain an impartial judgement"
Horpyna is a fictional character in the novel With Fire and Sword by Henryk Sienkiewicz.
Danny is friendly with Samantha and they frequently enjoy a teasing relationship.
It was revoked at the end of season four after he transmitted information to Pakistan, but has recently been re-instated.
Shraddhadeva was the king of the Dravida Kingdom before the great flood.
Palmer was a member of the Democratic Party.
When she's asked to return home, she says that she's "gotta poof."
Tom Kenny provided the voice of the anthropomorphic steer.
Angélique tried to officially become his widow after his death, but her status as Struan's wife are hotly contested by Tess Struan.
Eventually, after her father dies, the Governor and Tara's family leave the apartment complex and find Martinez's camp.
He captures both daughters, but is pursued by their father, David Gamut, Hawkeye, Chingachgook, and Uncas.
Jeffrey Sinclair is a character in the fictional universe of the science fiction television series Babylon 5, played by actor Michael O'Hare.
Thomas the Tank Engine is a fictional steam locomotive in The Railway Series books by the Reverend Wilbert Awdry and his son, Christopher.
He is portrayed by Ove Sprogøe in the Danish version and by Arve Opsahl in the Norwegian.
The character received generally favorable reviews from critics, particularly for her role in "No Rest for the Wicked".
Most recently, the character has appeared in cameo appearances in the television programs Mujer, casos de la vida real and La familia P. Luche.
After Nezha greeted Guangfa Tianzun and his master - who was sitting to Guangfa Tianzun's right - Nezha would have a great level of inner resent.
She has also been regarded as a prominent figure in American pop culture.
Shanta is a character in the Ramayana.
Mighty Mouse has also appeared in comics and other media.
The novel was translated in Finnish by Tuula Kallioniemi.
Since 2007, Nev has starred in his own CBBC show Bear Behaving Badly, alongside Barney Harwood.
He is computer-generated and played by voice actor Andy Secombe.
As a scientist, he was a major figure in the American Enlightenment and the history of physics for his discoveries and theories regarding electricity.
In the sequel trilogy, Baker was credited as consultant for The Force Awakens, however Jimmy Vee also co-performed the character in some scenes.
In February 2016, Energizer filed a trademark infringement lawsuit against Duracell.
He is portrayed by George Clooney in both the films and the video game and is portrayed by D.J.
Flora, Fauna, and Merryweather are the protagonists of Walt Disney's 1959 film Sleeping Beauty.
Lumen is introduced in the third episode as a survivor of rapist-serial killer Boyd Fowler.
Bergland made her television acting debut as Jenny.
On January 12, 2015, it was announced MacLachlan will return as Cooper for the continuation of Twin Peaks.
A masseuse and musician, notable for her offbeat and sometimes ditzy behavior.
The latest play in the sequence, Marreau and the Killer Rabbit, was performed there in April/May 2014.
Zoey Patricia Bartlet is a fictional character played by Elisabeth Moss on the television serial drama The West Wing.
She was also known for her on-again/off-again relationship with Kermit the Frog, which began in 1978 and has been on a hiatus since 2015.
The character gradually softened, and Akingbola portrays him as being fundamentally good-hearted.
The character eventually adapts to the group and becomes one of Rick's right-hand men.
But Sancho refuses as it would be a treason to his king.
In the following episode "Of Late I Think of Rosewood", it is shown that Charlotte spent the subsequent five years at the Welby State Psychiatric Hospital.
Emily is known for her description and shyness, as well as for being member of a conservative family, the Fields.
The San Diego Chicken, also known as The Famous Chicken, the KGB Chicken or just The Chicken, is a sports mascot played by Ted Giannoulas.
Wellman would later write two novels with Thunstone: What Dreams May Come and The School of Darkness.
Following this, Randeng Daoren could effectively control Nezha.
He and his friends also frequently have coffee or meals together at Monk's Café.
The character of Hershel Greene and Scott Wilson's portrayal has garnered favorable reviews from critics and fans alike.
Echo is a fictional character portrayed by Eliza Dushku in the Fox science fiction series Dollhouse, created by Joss Whedon.
Series creators Ryan Murphy, Brad Falchuk and Ian Brennan initially conceived of him as a fashionable gay countertenor who is routinely bullied at school.
Like the other South Park characters, Stan is animated by computer in a way to emulate the show's original method of cutout animation.
In Gao E's ending, Miaoyu is abducted by robbers, and Jia Xichun becomes her friend.
Character Arts, LLC manages the licensing for the Rudolph Company, LP.
Taibai Jinxing was not shown of at any other time following the first few chapters of Journey to the West.
This was made even worse by the fact that Zoe was very much involved in her downfall.
She said that, "if she didn't complete it this time [she] would quit CHERUB", but with Adams' help she succeeded.
He demonstrates profound skill for the specialty which prompts praise from Montgomery and contributes to Karev's interest in pediatric surgery for the rest of the series.
He made his first appearance in a match against Raith Rovers on 13 November 1993.
It is a well attested historical Germanic name, alongside its Old High German and Lombard equivalents, Alwin and Alboin, respectively.
An array of descriptions have been established for the character by critics, mainly her "incompetent" and "insane" tendencies.
When Trace Beaulieu left at the end of the season, Pearl took over as the head Mad at the beginning of the eighth season.
Louis Wu was born in 2650 to Carlos Wu and Sharrol Janss.
Their main interest is in the weather and they collectively own a barometer.
Wendy Christensen is a fictional character in the Final Destination franchise.
Snufkin is a character in the Moomin series of books authored by Swedish-speaking Finn Tove Jansson, appearing in six of the nine books.
The series went through significant cast changes after every season it was on the air.
When Yunzhongzi had held the small baby in his arms after receiving consent, he said the words, "My Grand Duke.
In 2011, McKay was featured in an episode of Stargate Universe.
Fat Bastard is a fictional character in the second and third films of the Austin Powers series.
Including the books Shiver, Linger and Forever all set in the fictional Minnesota town of Mercy Falls, which is close to the real town Ely.
The creation of Paul Martin came at a critical time in the show's history and permitted a new storyline to develop that proved popular with audiences.
She is also a biological aunt of Micah Sanders.
Her affair with married consultant Michael Spence proved less popular, with several critics opining that Donna deserved better treatment.
Dr. Daniel Faraday is a fictional character on the ABC television series Lost played by Jeremy Davies.
Soon enough, Randeng Daoren would see Li Jing and immediately tell him to hide behind him less he be killed.
Being described as "ruthless", "master manipulator" and "brilliant", Patty is a high-stakes litigator managing her own law firm called Hewes & Associates.
Mike Judge got the name Butt-Head from his university days, when he knew a couple of kids who had the nicknames 'Iron Butt' and 'Butt-Head'.
After Dirk's death Culum came into power but proved to be an ineffectual leader.
Thomas' best friends are Percy and Toby.
He is portrayed by Aaron Taylor-Johnson in the feature film adaptations Kick-Ass and Kick-Ass 2.
Bond, however, continued to own the publishing rights to his series, which were licensed to HarperCollins in April 2017 for the next six years.
Dilbert is a fictional character and the main character and protagonist of the Dilbert comic strip.
The following is a partial list of characters from the TV series, Alias.
He is one of only three characters to remain on the show for all three seasons and is the only character to appear in every episode.
Bourne is the antihero in a series of fourteen novels and subsequent film adaptations.
Rhimes has characterized Meredith as not believing in good or bad, but instead doing what she thinks is right.
His appearance recalls that of Lon Chaney, Sr.'s vampire character The Man in the Beaver Hat from London After Midnight, the first Hollywood-produced vampire film.
Jon Provost was nominated in 2003 for a TV Land award connected to his participation in Lassie.
The character of Nancy, a slightly chubby and precocious eight-year-old, first appeared in the strip Fritzi Ritz about the airheaded flapper title character.
In Andrew Lloyd Webber's production, Carlotta is from Italy and is one of the major singing parts.
In the third season, Morello marries Vince Muccio.
Lisbeth Salander is a fictional character created by Swedish author and journalist Stieg Larsson.
Openly lesbian, she has had problems with infidelity, alcohol, and relationships.
In desperation, Dirk Struan turned to Jin-Qua, who lent him one million sterling in specie.
Felix was the first character from animation to attain a level of popularity sufficient to draw movie audiences.
Soon enough, Su, even when told not to by his father, would charge out of Ji province and duel it out against Heihu.
However, both the character's romantic comedy-esque relationship with Rapunzel and Levi's vocal performance have received widespread acclaim.
Really don't know to much about the parents.
Alvin and the Chipmunks is an American/French/Canadian CGI-animated television series featuring Alvin and the Chipmunks and The Chipettes that was first announced in 2010.
Gillen was nominated for Best Actor at the 1999 BAFTA TV Award for the role.
Seven years from their first meeting, the two negotiate a marriage agreement, and are married in 1921.
She and her son, Boxey, survived the attack on the colonies.
