In the second half, a blonde woman sits on a sofa and cries.
The film represents a change of pace for Romero, known primarily for his horror films; it is a personal drama about a travelling renaissance fair troupe.
It tells the story of Jesus' life.
His work was first published as a novella, Glory for Me, which Kantor wrote in blank verse.
Daltry Calhoun is a 2005 comedy-drama film, written and directed by Katrina Holden Bronson and produced by Danielle Renfrew, Erica Steinberg, Quentin Tarantino, and Todd King.
The film debuted shortly after the end of Allen and Farrow's romantic and professional partnership, and was their final of 13 films together.
Animal Factory is a 2000 crime drama film about life in prison, set in San Quentin.
The movie was Ben Johnson's last, in a career that spanned over 60 years.
Swordfish is a 2001 American action crime thriller film directed by Dominic Sena and starring John Travolta, Hugh Jackman, Halle Berry, Don Cheadle and Vinnie Jones.
It was released by Famous Players-Lasky, a division of Paramount Pictures.
It is the first installment in the Resident Evil film series, which is loosely based on the Capcom survival horror video game series of same name.
It is a remake of the Shapiro and Henning script for the 1964 Marlon Brando/David Niven film Bedtime Story.
There, backlit animation was finally combined with the computer animation and live action.
It is a nine-minute story of a woman who decides to copy the gesture she has seen a prostitute make to passing men.
Una aventura llamada Menudo is a 1982 film featuring teen boy band Menudo and Puerto Rican actress Gladys Rodríguez.
It is Lawrence's second stand up comedy film after You So Crazy was released in 1994.
It had its world premiere on November 26, 1942, in New York City and was released nationally in the United States on January 23, 1943.
The film was adapted by Sy Bartlett, Henry King and Beirne Lay, Jr. from the 1948 novel 12 O'Clock High, also by Bartlett and Lay.
Muni also won the Volpi Cup for Best Actor from the Venice Film Festival in 1936.
The film was produced by Darryl F. Zanuck, who paid author Ryan $175,000 for the film rights.
It was directed by Steve Carr and stars Ice Cube, Mike Epps, Don "D.C." Curry, John Witherspoon, and Tommy "Tiny" Lister Jr.
It is the sequel to A Nightmare on Elm Street 3: Dream Warriors and is followed by A Nightmare on Elm Street 5: The Dream Child.
My Baby's Daddy is a 2004 comedy film, directed by Cheryl Dunye.
You Can Count On Me is a 2000 American drama film starring Laura Linney, Mark Ruffalo, Rory Culkin, and Matthew Broderick.
Originally, the film had the subtitle The Origin.
The screenplay was written by John Paxton, based on an article by Joel Sayre in The New Yorker describing the 1938 suicide of John William Warde.
Nanny McPhee is a 2005 family comedy fantasy film based on Nurse Matilda by Christianna Brand.
Bustin' Loose was produced by Michael S. Glick and Pryor.
Meet the Parents was well received by film critics and viewers alike, winning several awards and earning additional nominations.
Lovers and Other Strangers was released by ABC Pictures.
Jason Goes to Hell: The Final Friday is a 1993 American slasher film directed by Adam Marcus and produced by Sean S. Cunningham.
The cast includes Pia Zadora in the title role, Lloyd Bochner, Bibi Besch, Jared Martin, and in an early film appearance, Ray Liotta.
This is the last film worked on by the French cinematographer Sacha Vierny.
It was released as Dragon Inn in North America.
The Red Curtain Trilogy is the title given to the first three films directed by Baz Luhrmann:
Corral, The Devil's Disciple, and Seven Days in May, becoming something of a team in the public's eye.
The film co-stars Karyn Parsons, Steven Martini and Michael Ironside.
The Man Who Saw Tomorrow is narrated by Orson Welles.
It was produced and directed by James William Guercio.
The Burning of the Red Lotus Temple, in 16 parts, is among the longest films ever produced and the longest major release, running 27:00:00 in total.
It is the third and intended final installment of the House Party film series.
It won the Best Screenplay award at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival.
Set in a futuristic post-climate change society, A.I.
All are about the "craziness of our awkwardly ordered society and the desire to escape it through whatever means possible."
The film co-stars Terrence Howard, Cole Hauser and Marcel Iureş.
An army veteran known only as Gagin travels to San Pablo, a rural New Mexican town, to avenge the death of his old war time buddy.
Unlike most mainstream holiday films, it centers on Jewish characters during the Hanukkah season, as opposed to religious or secular celebration of Christmas.
It was adapted by Karen Croner from the novel by Anna Quindlen.
It is named for a danzón that became the title piece of the album Buena Vista Social Club.
Madadayo is a 1993 Japanese comedy-drama film.
An original hand-colored print was discovered in 1993 and restored in 2011.
While this large family is also known as the tangle-web spiders, cobweb spiders and comb-footed spiders, they actually have a huge range of web architectures.
This was Martin's first starring role in a feature film.
It was filmed in and around Gallo's native Buffalo, New York in winter.
It stars Karisma Kapoor, Rekha, Manoj Bajpayee, Surekha Sikri, Rajit Kapoor, Lillete Dubey, Amrish Puri, Farida Jalal, and Shakti Kapoor.
The Match King is a 1932 American Pre-Code drama film made by First National Pictures, directed by William Keighley and Howard Bretherton.
A series of short animated films titled Cars Toons debuted in 2008 on Disney Channel and Disney XD.
A spin-off television series also called Blue Thunder which ran for 11 episodes in 1984.
The phrase "Pom Poko" in the title refers to the sound of tanuki drumming their own bellies as a form of Tanuki-bayashi.
It is loosely based on Halma, a novel by Benito Pérez Galdós.
It was directed by Norman Taurog, who had directed several previous Presley films.
This was the final film directed by Lindsay Anderson and the final film roles by Lillian Gish and Ann Sothern.
The ants in the film were redesigned to be more appealing, and Pixar's animation unit employed new technical innovations in computer animation.
It was Médem's first film and for it he won the 1993 Goya Award as Best New Director.
The film stars Johnny Depp as Willy Wonka and Freddie Highmore as Charlie Bucket.
The screenplay, written by blacklisted Hollywood writer Lester Cole, was based upon Joy Adamson's 1960 non-fiction book Born Free.
West reportedly wrote the original screenplay, with Fields contributing one extended scene set in a bar.
Under My Skin is a 1950 American film directed by Jean Negulesco, starring John Garfield and Micheline Presle.
Motorcycle brands featured in the film include Triumph, Husqvarna, Harley Davidson, Honda, Yamaha, Suzuki, BSA, Bultaco, and Hodaka.
It received worldwide acclaim, with critics highly praising its witty, sophisticated humor, Jones and Smith's performances, and Danny Elfman's musical score.
The film reached #40 on the Variety weekly box office chart, earning $2.5 million in theaters.
Robert Donat, who played the mandarin of the town in which Aylward lived, died before the film was released.
It was nominated for three Academy Awards, including for Best Original Score, Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Picture.
The cast includes Brazilian and international stars such as Coyote, Tchéky Karyo and Miguel Angel Fuentes.
Made for $11 million, Major League grossed nearly $50 million in domestic release.
Former Magdalene inmate Mary-Jo McDonagh told Mullan that the reality of the Magdalene Asylums was much worse than depicted in the film.
It was also the final screen appearance for veteran actor Wallace Ford.
War in the Kitchen is a Romanian film drama by Marius Theodor Barna.
The film is set in an alternate history timeline in which the United States is invaded by the Soviet Union and its Cuban and Nicaraguan allies.
It is one of the first American films to attempt an even remotely realistic portrayal of a serial killer.
The film was directed by Peter Medak and starring Natasha Henstridge, Michael Madsen and Marg Helgenberger, all of whom reprise their roles from the first film.
The Reaping is an 2007 American psychological horror thriller film, starring Hilary Swank.
The director, David Winters, filmed on location at the Cannes Film Festival.
This movie was released on August 8, 1989 and received positive reviews, but under-performed at the box office.
Not long after they get married Constance finds Franz having dinner with a female friend.
A DVD version was released in 2000 but is now out of print.
The film stars Marco Hofschneider as Perel; Perel appears briefly as himself in the finale.
Lewis has repeatedly insisted that The Day the Clown Cried would never be released because it is an embarrassingly "bad work" that he is ashamed of.
The film was directed by Silvio Narizzano and starred Lynn Redgrave as Georgy, Charlotte Rampling, Alan Bates, and James Mason.
Suicide Kings is a 1997 American mystery crime film based on Don Stanford's short story The Hostage and directed by Peter O'Fallon.
They first met in 1964 while Butler was a reporter and photographer, and published a book together in 1971.
Because of the western theme, the working title The Jet Set was changed to Blazing Stewardesses to capitalize on the box-office hit Blazing Saddles.
Brain Blockers is a 2007 horror film directed by Lincoln Kupchak.
Rossellini had a strong interest in Christian values in the contemporary world.
The movie had two nominations in 1991 Nika Awards.
Tere Naam is a 2003 Indian Hindi-language romantic drama film.
The film was not screened for critics and distributor 20th Century Fox was accused of abandoning the film.
In 2001 the United States Library of Congress deemed Animal House "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant" and selected it for preservation in the National Film Registry.
Sony Pictures Entertainment's TriStar division released the film in the United States and Canada in August 2000 as Godzilla 2000.
Cries and Whispers marked a return to traditional Bergman themes such as faith, the female psyche, and the quest for redemption.
The movie was written by Phyllis Bottome, Gregory La Cava and Lynn Starling, and was directed by La Cava.
It also received funding from the Irish Film Board and the UK Film Council Premiere Fund.
is one of the first of the 1950s "nuclear monster" films, and the first "big bug" feature.
The film was followed by a 2007 sequel, Shankar Dada Zindabad.
Disturbing Behavior is a 1998 American science fiction horror film starring James Marsden, Katie Holmes, and Nick Stahl.
This credit is never mentioned on movie posters and articles.
The film portrays the heroine as living in a disorienting dream, cajoled by priests, vampires, and men and women alike.
The Exterminator is a 1980 American vigilante action film written and directed by James Glickenhaus.
The scenes were shot at Snoop Dogg's house in Claremont, California.
It was directed by John Carl Buechler, and produced by Peter Davy.
You Were Never Lovelier is a 1942 Hollywood musical romantic comedy film set in Buenos Aires.
This movie has also been bundled with the original 1969 Rankin/Bass special and the CBS Entertainment Productions sequel.
The film follows the adventures of the four Turtles: Leonardo, Donatello, Michelangelo, Raphael, and their Master Splinter.
The cast includes Daniel Brühl, Katrin Saß, Chulpan Khamatova, and Maria Simon.
It is unsure if this character was voiced by a new actor, or removed entirely from the film.
The term derives from the Biblical usage of the verb know/knew, as in the King James Bible and other versions, a euphemism for sexual conduct.
He manages to kill all but eight survivors, who have become immune to his death ray.
A sequel, Barry McKenzie Holds His Own, was produced in 1974.
It is based on the book Land Girls by Angela Huth.
Eck and Saleh play two police constables in a rural village, 'Gary' and 'Akmal' who lead fairly unremarkable lives.
Williams wrote, produced, directed and animated the short film.
Pistol Opera is a 2001 Japanese film directed by Seijun Suzuki and starring Makiko Esumi.
From the Manger to the Cross or Jesus of Nazareth is a 1912 American motion picture that was filmed on location in Palestine.
Loosely based on the play by Frederick Knott, the screenplay was written by Patrick Smith Kelly.
Giv'at Halfon Eina Ona also titled Halfon Hill Doesn't Answer, is a cult Israeli comedy film produced in 1976.
Dangerous Child is a 2001 made-for-television film starring Delta Burke and Ryan Merriman.
At film's end, the teenagers say that they have decided that they don't want to end up in jail.
L'Inferno is a 1911 Italian silent film, loosely adapted from Dante Alighieri's The Divine Comedy.
The film was released to theaters by Warner Bros. on September 24, 1988.
Sleepaway Camp IV: The Survivor ignores this film, and resumes where the third movie left off.
Marc Anthony has a minor role as Minerva's first love, and the impetus for her later revolutionary activities.
It covers the collapse of Yugoslavia, the subsequent wars and the signing of the final peace accords.
During the film's production, consideration was given to the standards of European censors by setting the right tone, minimizing gore and eliminating the mad-scientist character.
The screenplay was the motion picture debut of James Fritzell and Everett Greenbaum, who had written many American television situation comedies including Mister Peepers.
The movie is noted for its songs composed by Rahul Dev Burman, written by Gulzar and sung by Kishore Kumar and Lata Mangeshkar.
It is the feature film debut by the two lead actors.
Not One Less is a 1999 drama film by Chinese director Zhang Yimou, adapted from Shi Xiangsheng's 1997 story "A Sun in the Sky".
The second feature film by Spike Lee, School Daze was released on February 12, 1988 by Columbia Pictures.
The Holy Sponge is brought to Constantinople from Palestine.
Beneath Clouds is a 2002 film by Australian director Ivan Sen.
This endeavour was successfully completed, with the first films being shown in 2001.
The film is based on one of Larry McMurtry's first novels, Leaving Cheyenne.
Lamerica is a 1994 Italian drama film directed by Gianni Amelio.
The Last Castle is a 2001 American action drama film directed by Rod Lurie, starring Robert Redford, James Gandolfini, Mark Ruffalo and Delroy Lindo.
This was the first production from short-lived Gladden Entertainment.
How to Steal a Million is a 1966 heist comedy film, directed by William Wyler and starring Audrey Hepburn, Peter O'Toole, Eli Wallach and Hugh Griffith.
The film was selected to be preserved by the Library of Congress in the National Film Registry in 2000.
It was screened out of competition at the 51st Venice International Film Festival.
In one scene of this movie, Audrey Hepburn appears dressed in a shiny black PVC trouser suit designed by Paco Rabanne.
Infernal Affairs III received mixed to positive reviews, grossed HK$30,225,661 and was nominated for seven Hong Kong Film Awards.
The computer, now tied into the nuclear weapons control system and unable to tell the difference between simulation and reality, attempts to start World War III.
Jack Nicholson returns in an extended cameo appearance, playing the role he played in Terms of Endearment, retired astronaut Garrett Breedlove.
It features Madhuri Dixit, Shah Rukh Khan and Salman Khan in the lead roles.
The film turns one of the most despised antagonists in modern writing into a protagonist.
Paheli was India's official entry to the 2006 Oscars.
The Pope Must Die is a 1991 comedy film directed by Peter Richardson and released by Palace Pictures with the backing of Channel 4 Films.
The film takes place in an alternate 2009, where the Korean Peninsula is still part of Imperial Japan due to a time-travel incident in 1909.
In 2001, the American Film Institute placed it at No.
Filming locations included France, Thailand, Germany, Mexico and the United Kingdom.
The screenplay was adapted from Walter Wager's novel 58 Minutes.
The plot revolves around Pixote, a young boy who is used as a child criminal in muggings and drug transport.
In 1999, the British Film Institute voted The Third Man the greatest British film of all time.
The film began a limited release in the United States on March 18, 2005.
The film was based on the novel The Looters by John H. Reese.
The film was shot mostly on location in New York City, including each of the city's five boroughs.
It stars George C. Scott, Karl Malden, Michael Bates and Karl Michael Vogler.
Tezaab, released on 11 November 1988, is an Indian action romantic Hindi movie starring Anil Kapoor and Madhuri Dixit in lead roles.
The original pipe music was composed by Malcolm Arnold, who also wrote the music for The Bridge on the River Kwai.
was also the first film in Indonesian film history to include two men kissing, by the characters Sakti and Nino.
Frederica Sagor Maas and Eve Unsell adapted the book for the screen.
It was the first film released by Happy Madison Productions.
The picture was thought to have inspired The Big Chill, which is a more widely known film with a similar storyline.
The film won two National Film Awards, and six Filmfare Awards.
Kid Galahad was shot on location in Idyllwild, California.
After wandering through Liverpool, they end up at various locations throughout the world and are eventually joined by a third businessman, played by Robert Wisdom.
It was distributed by Universal Pictures and Gramercy Pictures and produced by Best Brains.
The film was released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, directed by Curtis Bernhardt and produced by Jack Cummings from a screenplay by Marjorie Lawrence, Sonya Levien, and William Ludwig.
Summer stock theatre is any theatre that presents stage productions only in the summer.
The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement is a 2004 American romantic comedy film and the sequel to 2001's The Princess Diaries.
The screenplay by Robert Riskin is based on the short story "Madame La Gimp" by Damon Runyon.
Since its release, many other films have been made about the Kelly legend.
It was nominated for Best Original Screenplay at the 1981 Academy Awards.
The film received seven Academy Awards nominations, including Best Picture, but won only for Best Cinematography.
The film is loosely inspired by the work of Raymond Chandler.
The last film he made in Britain before his move to America was Jamaica Inn.
Sansho the Bailiff is a 1954 Japanese period film directed by Kenji Mizoguchi.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt appears as Elder Ryder, and Rebekah Johnson as Julie Taylor.
The film had its première in London on 10 August 1916 and was released generally on 21 August.
Other directors mentioned include Vittorio de Sica, Luchino Visconti, Federico Fellini, Michelangelo Antonioni.
He also shares similarities in speech and mannerism to Canteen Boy, a recurring character, also portrayed by Sandler, on Saturday Night Live.
While the film itself does not survive, the scripts and related production notes do.
The film stars Brooks alongside Julie Hagerty as a married couple who decide to quit their jobs and travel across America.
She is portrayed by Amanda Ooms in the movie.
Directed by Frank Launder and written by him and Sidney Gilliat, it was the third in a series of four films.
With a plot full of mistaken identities, Bachelor Mother is a light-hearted treatment of the otherwise serious issues of child abandonment.
The series/movies follow the Baby Squad Investigators, or B.S.I., as they pursue Big Baby, his father Beauregard Burger, and the international thief Moriarty.
It received an R rating for vampire violence, gore, language and nudity.
She Done Him Wrong is a 1933 pre-Code American crime/comedy film produced by Paramount Pictures and starring Mae West and Cary Grant.
It is also noted for its depiction of the beef slaughtering process and for a chase scene involving a combine in an open field.
Material Girls is a 2006 American teen comedy film starring Hilary and Haylie Duff, Anjelica Huston, Lukas Haas, Maria Conchita Alonzo, and Brent Spiner.
Music for this film was composed by R.D.
The short film has been made available as a special feature on several home video releases of A Hard Day's Night.
It has been relicensed for Blu-ray/DVD in North America by Discotek Media.
Directed by Lam Ngai Kai and starring Amy Yip, So Man, Hitomi Kudo and Manfred Wong, and was released in 1990.
A third cut of the film was issued on VHS and LaserDisc in 1998.
The scenes depicting Russian roulette were highly controversial after the film's release.
Aeodatus will not be replaced until next year.
A distinction is often made between formal security classification and privacy markings such as "commercial in confidence".
The ensemble cast features Cillian Murphy, Chris Evans, Rose Byrne, Michelle Yeoh, Cliff Curtis, Troy Garity, Hiroyuki Sanada, Benedict Wong, and Chipo Chung.
The film emerged as a critical and commercial success during its theatrical run.
Renaldo and Clara was released in its original four-hour form on January 25, 1978 in the United States.
Unlike the first two films, it does not take place in the town of Grover's Bend.
The movie was the only adaptation featuring the character Remo Williams, and fared poorly in theaters.
The film stars Danny Glover, Gene Hackman, Anjelica Huston, Bill Murray, Gwyneth Paltrow, Ben Stiller, Luke Wilson, and Owen Wilson.
Mahakavi Kalidasa is 1955 Indian Kannada film directed by K. R. Seetharama Sastry, in his debut direction.
It has been described as "one of Britain's biggest cult films".
It starred Alexandra Pigg, Margi Clarke, Alfred Molina, Peter Firth, and Tracy Marshak-Nash.
Sixteen Decisions is a documentary film directed and produced by Gayle Ferraro, exploring the impact of the Grameen Bank on impoverished women in Bangladesh.
It concerns a journalist who poses as a Jew to research an exposé on antisemitism in New York City and the affluent community of Darien, Connecticut.
A sequel, titled Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo, was released in 2005.
Galaxy Quest is a 1999 American comedy science fiction film directed by Dean Parisot and written by David Howard and Robert Gordon.
The film was originally released as a double feature with The Little Shop of Horrors.
Original director Milcho Manchevski left the production three weeks after shooting started.
It was based upon Bruce Chatwin's 1980 novel, The Viceroy of Ouidah.
The Persians destroy the Ghassanid Kingdom, a vassal state of the Byzantine Empire.
1 on the U.S. adult contemporary chart.
They included the tagline, "We DARE You To See The Most Amazing Pictures Of Our Time!"
At the crash site, he discovers a round alien spaceship just before it is completely buried by an overhead landslide.
The titular phrase, which refers to declining interest in a monogamous relationship after seven years of marriage, has been used by psychologists.
It centers around an impromptu interview with Scott Shaw and Donald G. Jackson.
The film addresses five charges made against George W. Bush in Moore's film and criticizes 2004 Democratic Presidential candidate John Kerry.
My Best Fiend is a 1999 German documentary film written and directed by Werner Herzog, about his tumultuous yet productive relationship with German actor Klaus Kinski.
Sing As We Go is a 1934 British musical film starring Gracie Fields, John Loder and Stanley Holloway.
Stallone was also credited with writing additional dialogue.
The film goes on to question the rationality of placing computer hackers who went "over the line" in the same environment as serious felons.
This was the most heavily promoted of Daicon's fan films.
Death Hunt was a fictionalized account of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police pursuit of a man named Albert Johnson.
Filmed in Panavision, it was directed by Hal Needham, produced by Hong Kong's Golden Harvest films, and distributed by 20th Century Fox.
The film stars the voices of Sumi Shimamoto, Goro Naya, Yoji Matsuda, Yoshiko Sakakibara and Iemasa Kayumi.
Featured performers are Kristin Griffith, Mary Beth Hurt, Richard Jordan, Diane Keaton, E. G. Marshall, Geraldine Page, Maureen Stapleton and Sam Waterston.
I ♥ Huckabees is a 2004 American philosophical comedy-drama film directed and produced by David O. Russell, who co-wrote the screenplay with Jeff Baena.
It is often considered one of Allen's major works, with critics continuing to praise its writing and ensemble cast.
The film had a VHS release, but has not yet been released on DVD or Blu-ray.
The film had 2,199,309 Admissions in France and was the 16th most attended film of the year.
It contains philosophical, theological and other intellectual content, including references to Husserl, Nietzsche, Feuerbach, and Descartes.
Set primarily in rural Mississippi, the film explores interracial romance between African Americans and Indian Americans in the United States.
Thirteen Women is a 1932 American Pre-Code psychological thriller film, produced by David O. Selznick and directed by George Archainbaud.
The film is shot entirely in black-and-white.
Without a Clue is a 1988 British comedy film directed by Thom Eberhardt and starring Michael Caine and Ben Kingsley.
It went on to win five Filmfare Awards including the awards for Best film and Best Actors, and seven Screen Awards.
The Last Contract is a 1998 Swedish thriller film directed by Kjell Sundvall.
Although the film was critically unsuccessful and a box office bomb, the central performances by Oldman and Olin have been praised.
3 Ninjas is a 1992 American martial arts comedy film directed by Jon Turteltaub, starring Victor Wong, Michael Treanor, Max Elliott Slade, and Chad Power.
The film stars Jon Finch, Alec McCowen, and Barry Foster and features Billie Whitelaw, Anna Massey, Barbara Leigh-Hunt, Bernard Cribbins and Vivien Merchant.
In the United States, the film was released as The Wedding Party.
The film's music was composed by Anand-Milind with lyrics written by Sameer.
It stars Gregory Peck and Laurence Olivier and features James Mason, Lilli Palmer, Uta Hagen, Denholm Elliott, and Steve Guttenberg in supporting roles.
The title is taken from Jeremiah 17:9.
The film received a theatrical wide release on February 13, 1999.
As a result, it has garnered a cult following.
The film seeks, in its author's words to, "...shatter the nation's brutalizing silence on matters of sexual and racial difference."
The "brain" of the title is a sophisticated computer with which an anti-communist organisation controls its worldwide anti-Soviet spy network.
The storyline was conceived by retired Lt. Colonels Step Tyner and John K. Swensson and retired Marine Capt.
Like most of Bimal Roy's movies, art and commercial cinema merge to create a movie that is still viewed as a benchmark.
Richie Rich's Christmas Wish is a 1998 direct-to-video film based on the Harvey Comics cartoon character Richie Rich.
The Atomic Space Bug is Parisen's homage to such fifties films as Robot Monster and Plan 9 from Outer Space.
Sense and Sensibility is a 1995 British-American period drama film directed by Ang Lee and based on Jane Austen's 1811 novel of the same name.
These in turn were based on the long-running 1970s manga series, Lone Wolf and Cub, created by the writer Kazuo Koike and the artist Goseki Kojima.
For the 1941 film, see Tower of Terror.
Set primarily in Spain, it tells a frame story containing gothic, picaresque and erotic elements.
The Sugarland Express is a 1974 American crime drama film co-written and directed by Steven Spielberg in his theatrical feature directorial debut.
Major Payne is a 1995 American military comedy film directed by Nick Castle and written by and starring Damon Wayans.
The Hindi version was directed by Atul Agnihotri.
Directed by John Lasseter and co-directed by Lee Unkrich and Ash Brannon, it is the sequel to 1995's Toy Story.
The film was directed by Don Siegel and had a working title of Black Star.
All three Sinbad films were conceptualized by Ray Harryhausen who used a full color widescreen stop-motion animation technique he created called Dynamation.
Defiant is a British adventure CinemaScope and Technicolor film from 1962 starring Alec Guinness and Dirk Bogarde.
Pumping Iron is a 1977 docudrama about the world of professional bodybuilding, with a focus on the 1975 IFBB Mr. Universe and 1975 Mr. Olympia competitions.
It focuses on a woman whose unusual behavior leads her husband to commit her for psychiatric treatment and the effect this has on their family.
The film is notable for being Yul Brynner's first movie.
Adapted from the 1997 short story of the same name by Annie Proulx, the screenplay was written by Ossana and Larry McMurtry.
It was the first hardcore video ever listed on the Billboard music video sales chart.
Fright Night is a 1985 American horror film written and directed by Tom Holland in his directorial debut, and produced by Herb Jaffe.
The plan was also known as the Fourth Enemy Offensive and occurred in the area of the Neretva river in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The film's central plot is based on Quentin Tarantino's Reservoir Dogs.
Made on a cost of ₹7 lakh, the film grossed ₹98 lakh at the box office.
The screenplay by Charles Beaumont was based on an idea supplied by Ben Hecht, originally to be titled Queen of the Universe.
Near the end of his career, in the mid-1970s, he took on two more such roles, each time playing an urban cop.
Kleinruppin forever is a German romantic comedy film, released in late-2004.
The friends, calling themselves "the Edukators", invade upper-class houses, rearrange the furniture, and leave notes identifying themselves.
Masculin Féminin is a 1966 French-Swedish film directed by Jean-Luc Godard.
The Evil of Frankenstein is a 1964 British Hammer Film Productions film directed by Freddie Francis.
The film stars Chris O'Donnell, Nicole Kidman, Tommy Lee Jones and Jim Carrey.
Alien: Resurrection was released on November 26, 1997 and received mixed reviews from film critics.
The Mighty Kong is a 1998 American direct-to-video animated, musical adaptation of the classic King Kong story.
Ryan's Daughter is a 1970 epic romantic drama film directed by David Lean.
The main roles were played by Libuše Šafránková and Pavel Trávníček.
Comic Book Confidential is an American/Canadian documentary film, released in 1988.
Casting began in March 2005, with Winstead and Merriman landing the lead roles, and concluded on April.
The Sex Monster is a 1999 American comedy film directed and written by Mike Binder.
Run Lola Run is a 1998 German thriller film written and directed by Tom Tykwer, and starring Franka Potente as Lola and Moritz Bleibtreu as Manni.
Amores perros is a 2000 Mexican drama thriller film directed by Alejandro González Iñárritu and written by Guillermo Arriaga.
The film is not related to the postmodern novel White Noise by Don DeLillo.
The film marks the third pairing of stars Alan Ladd and Veronica Lake.
Watch on the Rhine is a 1943 American film drama directed by Herman Shumlin, starring Bette Davis and Paul Lukas.
Some critics rate it as one of Elvis Presley's best performances.
The Independent Film Channel, the film's producer, aired the film later that year.
It stars Walter Matthau and Tatum O'Neal.
It was released on October 31, 1998.
Colin Clive reprises his role as Henry Frankenstein, and Ernest Thesiger plays the role of Doctor Septimus Pretorius.
It is based on the popular television show of the same name.
It was finally released directly to video in 1984.
The film features the song "Pig Power" by Tag Team.
La Grande Illusion is a 1937 French war film directed by Jean Renoir, who co-wrote the screenplay with Charles Spaak.
Notre musique received positive reviews from critics.
The Mambo Kings marks the directing debut of Glimcher and features Banderas in his first English-language role.
The film is based on a 1965 novel by Bohumil Hrabal.
Although the film still managed to recoup its budget of $39 million, it was less successful than the first two Superman movies, both financially and critically.
786 as 100th movie and his 150th movie is Khaidi No.
The Royal Family of Broadway is a 1930 pre-Code comedy film, directed by George Cukor and Cyril Gardner, and released by Paramount Pictures.
The first Shaw Brothers production using a storyboard
Number 55 is a 2014 Croatian war film directed by Kristijan Milić.
Its success made Snipes a popular action hero icon.
It generated great controversy during its release; while intended for mainstream wide release, it contains scenes of unsimulated sexual activity between the actors.
Its related soundtrack hit the #23 slot on Billboard's Top Independent Albums chart.
In some cases, a picture alone may be sufficient to prove a theorem.
Blood and Bones is a Japanese film, directed by Yōichi Sai and starring Takeshi Kitano.
Fear of a Black Hat is a 1993 American mockumentary film on the evolution and state of American hip hop music.
The story then takes several surreal turns, as the family of the dead man try to recover the precious card from the grave.
Directed and co-written by John Lasseter, it is Pixar's final independently-produced motion picture before its purchase by Disney in May 2006.
It was produced by BBC Films and Revolution Films.
It was followed by "That's Carry On" in 1977 and Carry On Emmannuelle in 1978.
The Long Good Friday is a British gangster film starring Bob Hoskins and Helen Mirren.
Kalathur Kannamma is a 1960 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film produced by A. V. Meiyappan and directed by A. Bhimsingh.
In U.S. released by Amkino Corporation and First National.
In 1969, the film entered the public domain due to the claimants' failure to renew its copyright registration in the 28th year after release.
It stars Nicholas Hope and Carmel Johnson.
It was the final film in the Shrek franchise to be produced by Pacific Data Images, before its closure in 2015.
This was the first American film to be made in Vietnam after Bill Clinton lifted the embargo.
Matango is a 1963 Japanese horror film directed by Ishirō Honda.
It stars Catherine Deneuve, John Malkovich, Irene Papas, Stefania Sandrelli and Leonor Silveira.
As the title of the film suggests, a great variety of fights take place involving the "legendary weapons."
The screenplay is based on the novel Off Magazine Street by Ronald Everett Capps.
The second installment in a trilogy, the release was preceded by In the Heat of the Night and followed by The Organization.
The film follows a successful, young Wall Street lawyer who accidentally crashes his car into a vehicle driven by a middle-aged, recovering alcoholic insurance salesman.
For the 1921 film version, see The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse
Strategic Air Command is a 1955 American film starring James Stewart and June Allyson, and directed by Anthony Mann.
Both the New World Pictures and Toho versions of the film serve as direct sequels to the original Godzilla film.
A road movie is a film genre in which the main characters leave home on a road trip, typically altering the perspective from their everyday lives.
In 2007, The Fellowship of the Ring was voted No.
Van Sant had difficulty getting Hollywood financing, and at one point considered making the film on a minuscule budget with a cast of actual street kids.
It is directed by Adam Rifkin and narrated by Charlie Sheen, and stars Claudia Christian and Valerie Breiman as the two sisters.
The film was released in the United States on August 23, 1991.
After the success of Spielberg's Jurassic Park, Joe Johnston expressed interest in directing a sequel.
"The film is an artistic point of view of that political issue," Abu-Assad said.
Taking inspiration from the anthology films produced by Amicus Productions in the 1970s, it features three separate half-hour segments, linked by a fourth story.
The Russian script was written by Sergei Kozlov, who also published a book under the same name.
The film was directed by Clark and Ed Lachman.
Each of the heroes had an affiliation with a heroine; these women were played by Parveen Babi, Shabana Azmi and Neetu Singh.
Happy Feet is a 2006 Australian-American computer-animated musical family comedy film directed, produced, and co-written by George Miller.
It is the first of two direct-to-video films spun off from the Disney Channel animated television series Disney's House of Mouse.
She unveiled a version of The Exorcist, re-enacted by animated bunnies in 30 seconds.
Little Buddha is a 1993 Italian-French-British drama film directed by Bernardo Bertolucci and starring Chris Isaak, Bridget Fonda and Keanu Reeves as Prince Siddhartha.
This film is Hideaki Anno's second live action feature.
This series of films is based on the Malibu / Marvel comic book series The Men in Black by Lowell Cunningham.
The picture was one of the last feature-length efforts by Filmakers, a company created by producer Collier Young and his star and then-wife Ida Lupino.
The film, directed by former manager Rick DeVoe, is a behind the scenes look at the band's history featuring their usual toilet humor.
It was also named the second "Best Film of the 21st Century So Far" in 2017 by the New York Times.
The film is about an agricultural scientist who has successfully grown gigantic vegetables using radiation.
The film was followed by a made-for-television sequel, Home Alone 4, in 2002.
Men in Black is a 1997 American science fiction action comedy film directed by Barry Sonnenfeld and produced by Walter F. Parkes and Laurie MacDonald.
On The Double is a 1961 film, directed by Melville Shavelson, who also wrote the screenplay with Jack Rose.
It explores what is sometimes popularly called factory farming.
After reading about the case while in college, Peirce conducted extensive research for a screenplay, which she worked on for almost five years.
Many actors sought the lead role during a three-year casting process before Swank was cast.
Gift of Gab is a 1934 black-and-white film released by Universal Pictures.
The Jackpot is a 1950 American comedy film directed by Walter Lang with James Stewart and Barbara Hale in the lead roles.
It tells the story of a motorbike gang committing robberies throughout Mumbai and the police officer who teams up with a motorbike dealer to stop them.
The film's English title is sometimes given as The Blonde 2 or Running Blue.
The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Writing for Roger MacDougall, John Dighton and Alexander Mackendrick.
Film historians consider Out of the Past a superb example of film noir due to its complicated, dark storyline, dark cinematography and classic femme fatale.
Baabul is a 2006 Bollywood drama film, directed by Ravi Chopra.
The Plague Dogs is a 1982 British adult animated epic adventure drama film based on the 1977 novel of the same name by Richard Adams.
It grossed US$128 million in the United States, becoming the highest-grossing foreign-language film in American history.
The main theme of the film was, however, a strong adaptation of The Phantom of the Opera.
In the film, five strangers encounter the mysterious Crypt Keeper in a crypt, and he tells each in turn the manner of their death.
It was filmed on location in Ibiza and shot entirely in HD.
The film was paid homage by the German Embassy in India by releasing a short 8 minute video named Lebe jetzt.
The League of Gentlemen is a 1960 British crime drama directed by Basil Dearden and starring Jack Hawkins, Nigel Patrick, Roger Livesey, and Richard Attenborough.
The success of Rodriguez's directorial debut led him to create two further entries, Desperado and Once Upon a Time in Mexico.
In 2016, the film was inducted into the National Film Registry, being deemed as "culturally, historically or aesthetically significant".
It grossed over US$225 million during its theatrical run with only a modest $10 million budget.
The Manhattan Project is an American film, released in 1986.
Edwin of Northumbria takes refuge in East Anglia; he marries Cwenburga, daughter of king Cearl of Mercia.
He followed that up with 588 rue paradis, a sequel to the original movie.
He was later charged with making a snuff film due to rumors that claimed some actors were killed on camera.
The movie starred several prominent actors, with Ahmad Zaki as the Egyptian president.
It was released on VHS in 1986 and on DVD in 2004.
Pacino won the BAFTA Award for Best Actor and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor.
The title evokes the Rupert Brooke poem "The Soldier".
The film is set primarily in 19th-century Wismar, Germany and Transylvania, and was conceived as a stylistic remake of the 1922 German Dracula adaptation Nosferatu.
The story involves a British secret service agent, John Tarrant, involved in the investigation of an international arms syndicate.
Sepet is a Malay word which, in this context, refers to the 'slit eyes' of the Chinese.
The Nearsighted School Teacher was an early short comedy film released in 1898.
The original music score was composed by Bronislau Kaper and the cinematography was by William C. Mellor.
P. C. Sreeram was the film's cinematographer, and its art director was Thotta Tharani.
Tom Ewell had portrayed Marilyn Monroe's leading man in The Seven Year Itch the previous year.
Mickey Blue Eyes is a 1999 an Anglo-American romantic comedy crime film directed by Kelly Makin.
It tells the story of a free-spirited young bisexual artist and his simultaneous relationships with a female recruitment consultant and a male Jewish doctor.
Cannibal Holocaust achieved notoriety as its graphic violence aroused a great deal of controversy.
The cinematography is by Harold Rosson, and the music score by Bronislau Kaper.
Yana's Friends is a 1999 Israeli film directed by Arik Kaplun.
In the film, the Care Bears must rescue the Princess of Wonderland from the Evil Wizard and his assistants, Dim and Dumb.
Citizen Kane is particularly praised for its cinematography, music, and narrative structure, which have been considered innovative and precedent-setting.
The film was produced and created by Platige Image, a VFX company.
Angels with Dirty Faces is a 1938 American crime film directed by Michael Curtiz for Warner Brothers.
Nevertheless, Die Another Day was the highest-grossing James Bond film up to that time if inflation is not taken into account.
", causing officials of that neighboring city to threaten Pierce over the ads in 1977; however, it remained on the posters.
It also includes cameos by legendary football coaches "Pop" Warner, Amos Alonzo Stagg, William H. Spaulding, and Howard Jones, playing themselves.
The film also stars Tara Fitzgerald, David McCallum, William Hootkins, Shirley Anne Field, James Nesbitt, and Ned Beatty as Locke.
The film uses elements of the psychological thriller and a nonlinear narrative to explore the nature of memory and romantic love.
It stars Paul Dano as Howie, and Brian Cox as Big John.
was produced and released on video in 2004.
Directed by Andrew Lau, it starred Ekin Cheng as Wind and Aaron Kwok as Cloud.
Frida received moderately positive reviews from critics, and won two Academy Awards for Best Makeup and Best Original Score.
The film was distributed in the United States by Film Classics Inc.
The film was selected as the Italian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 67th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Told first-hand by American troops stationed in the middle of Baghdad, Gunner Palace presents a portrait of a dangerous and chaotic war.
The fifteen-part miniseries were written by Igor Porublyov and Aleksei Sidorov and were directed by Aleksei Sidorov.
As he returns to his hometown in The Bronx, Curtis finds himself struggling to support himself and his family, eventually turning to a life of crime.
The film explores the musical careers of blues musicians Skip James, Blind Willie Johnson and J.
The movie follows the adventures of Herbie, Herbie's driver, Jim Douglas, and Jim's love interest, Carole Bennett.
It was directed by Prachya Pinkaew, featured stunt choreography by Panna Rittikrai and starred Tony Jaa.
The original music score is composed by Michael Nyman.
The film earned $21,028,755 in the US.
The film was released in October 2004 to glowing reviews.
The rest was filmed on a closed stage in Hollywood, California.
The film was used by the defense in the Wuornos trial in 2001 to highlight the incompetence of Wuornos' original lawyer.
A similar list compiled by the editors of Time Out ranked the film number 3.
It won five awards at the 23rd Genie Awards, including Best Motion Picture.
This version was also released in Australia by Madman on March 15, 2006. and in the UK by Optimum Releasing on March 27, 2006.
The film was released on 23 December 2004 in China and on 25 January 2005 in the United States.
The story, screenplay and characters have achieved cult status.
Wurzburg previously won an Academy Award in 1992 for the film Educating Peter.
The film stars Waheeda Rehman, Anil Kapoor, Fardeen Khan, Abhishek Bachchan, Mahima Chaudhry, Urmila Matondkar, Salman Khan and Tara Sharma.
Thus 'The Picnic', 'A Joy Ride' and most famously, 'The Back Porch', all become segments of It's a Gift.
Development of Spider-Man 3 began immediately after the release of Spider-Man 2 for a 2007 release.
It is commonly released under its French title in the English-speaking world, although its U.S. VHS release was titled Hate.
"Happy" is also the name of Fred MacMurray's character in the story.
Paramount theatrically released the film on a double bill with The Blob.
The title The Year of Living Dangerously is a quote which refers to a famous Italian phrase used by Sukarno; vivere pericolosamente, meaning "living dangerously".
It was produced by Michael Balcon, Robert Hamer and Ealing Studios.
Their appearances, coupled with those of Sammy Davis, Jr. and Shirley MacLaine, marked the final on-screen appearance of the old Rat Pack team.
The soundtrack, composed by Nadeem-Shravan, did well on the charts.
The film became a financial success, grossing $12 million domestically and $18 million internationally.
In several publications, Crimes and Misdemeanors has been ranked as one of Allen's greatest films.
Pesci plays Nicholas "Nicky" Santoro, based on real-life Mob enforcer Anthony Spilotro, a made man.
Dallas joins forces with her to recover four mystical stones essential for the defence of Earth against an impending attack.
The score for the English-speaking versions was composed by Bernard Herrmann.
This was the first film to be released under the banner of Touchstone Pictures rather than Touchstone Films.
The soundtrack also includes two pieces by the Killing Joke: Frenzy and Exorcism.
Written and directed by Alan Parker, the film stars Mickey Rourke, Robert De Niro and Lisa Bonet.
Nicole Kidman was originally cast as the mother, but she left after aggravating a previous injury.
The Junkman is a 1982 independent film which spent two years in production.
It is the second film in Pasolini's "Trilogy of Life", the others being The Decameron and Arabian Nights.
Like its predecessor, Viva Rock Vegas also received negative critical reviews and was nominated for four Golden Raspberry Awards, but did not win any.
The Opening of Misty Beethoven is an American adult erotic film released in 1976.
It is based on Mario Giordano's novel Black Box and deals with a social experiment which resembles Philip Zimbardo's Stanford prison experiment of 1971.
It takes place in the East Village of New York City from 1989 to 1990.
The film is an adaptation of Konami's video game series Silent Hill.
Metallica re-released the film, including a bonus documentary, in 2014 to celebrate its 10th anniversary.
The novel was loosely based on the legend of the Lost Adams Diggings, crediting the Frank Dobie account of the legend in the author's note.
It features special effects by Carlo Rambaldi and Dennis Muren, and stars Henry Thomas, Dee Wallace, Robert MacNaughton, Drew Barrymore, Peter Coyote and Pat Welsh.
Its primary focus is a young girl, Troy, and her family.
Walk, Don't Run is a 1966 Technicolor comedy film starring Cary Grant, set in Tokyo during the Olympic Games in 1964.
Although it is a mockumentary, it is roughly based on Yankovic's real life.
It premiered at the 1994 Sundance Film Festival where it won the Audience Award for Best Documentary.
How to Irritate People is a 1968 television broadcast written by John Cleese, Graham Chapman, Marty Feldman and Tim Brooke-Taylor.
A sequel Lawnmower Man 2: Beyond Cyberspace, was released in 1996, with Austin O'Brien as the only returning actor from the original film.
It was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture: Musical or Comedy and ranked 29th on Bravo's 2007 list of "100 Funniest Movies".
The film was directed by Robert Young, and features music by Michael Kamen.
Takeshi Morishima, professional wrestler for Pro Wrestling Noah
The film stars Christopher Reeve, Richard Pryor, Annette O'Toole, Annie Ross, Pamela Stephenson, and Robert Vaughn.
Eric Wilson had left his native Ottawa in July 1978 in a Volkswagen camper on a trip to Boulder, Colorado.
It was the highest-grossing film in the UK until it was outsold by Titanic.
Written and directed by Henry Selick, the film was made with Gaiman's approval and cooperation.
Blank went on to direct Burden of Dreams, a feature-length documentary about Herzog and the making of Fitzcarraldo.
Stillwell uses these lessons to defend his martial arts dojo against Soviet martial artist Ivan Kraschinsky.
Their life together is blissful, but not without physical and emotional changes, as they grow to maturity and fall in love.
After a dispute with Bhanumathi, Chakrapani replaced her with Savitri.
His Burgundian army is defeated east of the Jura Mountains against the Alemanni.
The Mouse and His Child is a 1977 animated film based on the 1967 novel of the same name by Russell Hoban.
Il Mare is a 2000 South Korean film, starring Jun Ji-hyun and Lee Jung-jae, and directed by Lee Hyun-seung.
Looks and Smiles is a 1981 British drama film directed by Ken Loach.
The film was released five months after the death of Robin Harris and is dedicated to his memory, and is his second final acting role.
It starred Alec Guinness, Joan Greenwood and Cecil Parker and was directed by Alexander Mackendrick.
Killing Me Softly is a 2002 American-British erotic thriller film directed by Chen Kaige and starring Heather Graham and Joseph Fiennes.
The film was directed by Renny Harlin, stars Robert Englund, Lisa Wilcox and Danny Hassel.
Silent Warnings is a 2003 sci-fi/horror TV movie about a group of college students who begin finding crop circles by the house they've moved into.
The film received three Academy Award nominations for Best Art Direction, Best Original Score, and Best Makeup, winning the latter award.
The film was followed by another sequel, The Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause, released in 2006.
The film depicts the British Army in the preliminaries and early days of the Battle of the Somme.
It stars Jennifer Lopez, Ralph Fiennes, and Natasha Richardson.
Poolhall Junkies is a 2002 drama thriller cult film written, starring and directed by Mars Callahan.
Secret Window is a 2004 American psychological horror-thriller film starring Johnny Depp and John Turturro.
It features the voices of Grant Bardsley, Susan Sheridan, Freddie Jones, Nigel Hawthorne, John Byner, and John Hurt.
It is the sequel to the 1984 film Ghostbusters, and follows the further adventures of the three parapsychologists and their organization which combats paranormal activities.
Alien 3 was released on May 22, 1992.
Wiest won Best Supporting Actress for her performance, the second time Allen directed her to an Academy Award.
It is based on the 1959 novel of the same name by Mordecai Richler.
The film stars Peter Sellers, Shirley MacLaine, Melvyn Douglas, Richard A. Dysart, Jack Warden, and Richard Basehart.
The film was shot at Ogden High School in Ogden, Utah, but was based, in part, on Matheson and Szollosi's own high school experiences in California.
The film is about hobos during the 1930s and is set in Oregon.
And in 2014, a second film, Mike Bassett: Interim Manager, attempted to get £250,000 funding on the website Kickstarter.
On the way, they encounter cops, crazy geese, strippers, and a crazy old man played by Rip Torn.
Productions, the film was not registered for copyright at the time of its release.
The 10-year-old daughter assists her father in facilitating the delusion.
Set in Los Angeles, California, the film is a loose remake of Wim Wenders' 1987 German film Wings of Desire, which was set in Berlin.
Mom and Dad is a feature-length 1945 film directed by William Beaudine, and largely produced by the exploitation film maker and presenter Kroger Babb.
Each animator was asked to contribute at least 30 seconds to illustrate their stanza, and most of the sequences are under a minute.
Toy Story 3 was released in 2010, which was also critically and commercially successful.
The film co-stars Wayne's son Patrick Wayne, Stefanie Powers, Jack Kruschen, Chill Wills and Yvonne DeCarlo.
While it initially drew a mixed reception from critics, it was enormously profitable, grossing over $30 million at the domestic box office.
Flashdance is a 1983 American romantic drama film directed by Adrian Lyne.
Edmund Gwenn, who played "Skipper" Miller, won a Golden Globe Award and was nominated for an Academy Award for his performance.
The title translates as Pianese Nunzio, 14 in May and the movie was released in the USA with the title Sacred Silence.
Serving Sara is a 2002 American romantic comedy film directed by Reginald Hudlin and starring Matthew Perry, Elizabeth Hurley, and Bruce Campbell.
The Portrait of a Lady is a 1996 film adaptation of Henry James's novel The Portrait of a Lady directed by Jane Campion.
The film co-stars Yuen Biao, Feng Feng and Shih Kien.
The film also marks the second of five collaborations between director Herzog and actor Kinski, immediately followed by 1979's Woyzeck.
The cast included Utpal Dutt, Madhu, A. K. Hangal, Anwar Ali and Amitabh Bachchan who made his debut with this film.
The film starred Stephen Boyd, Raquel Welch, Edmond O'Brien, and Donald Pleasence.
The film stars Tim Allen returning as Scott Calvin/Santa Claus and Martin Short as Jack Frost.
The house still stands and is a popular subject of artists on the island.
The film also stars Peter Dinklage, Linus Roache, Alex Rocco, and Ron Silver.
The film was shot in Snowdonia, North Wales.
The film was a box office hit, grossing a worldwide total of $103 million.
The Disney theme park ride, Splash Mountain, is also based on the film.
The film was made simultaneously with its predecessor, King Solomon's Mines, although it was released a couple of years later.
Chloë Sevigny and Kate Beckinsale have the lead roles.
The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in January 1996.
It was the first R-rated movie to win the Academy Award for Best Picture since the introduction of the MPAA film rating system.
The film, which was directed by Sidney Lumet, was adapted by David Mamet from the novel by Barry Reed.
Haunted Honeymoon is a 1986 American comedy horror film starring Gene Wilder, Gilda Radner, Dom DeLuise, and Jonathan Pryce.
Maniac Cop 2 is a 1990 American action horror film directed by William Lustig and written by Larry Cohen.
The real Stahl makes a cameo appearance as a doctor at a methadone clinic.
Deewane Huye Paagal is a 2005 Indian Hindi romance action comedy film directed by Vikram Bhatt, and produced by Firoz A. Nadiadwala.
It is based on the 1924 Pulitzer Prize winning play with the same name by Sidney Howard.
It won five Golden Raspberry Awards of its eight nominations, as well as a Dallas-Fort Worth Film Critics Association Award for Worst Picture.
Newman's biographer Marie Edelman Borden states that the "tough, honest" script drew together threads from earlier movies, especially Hombre, Newman's earlier film of 1967.
In a "prominent" supporting role was Ed Wood regular Tor Johnson.
MoveOn.org had helped promote the DVD release by taking out a full-page advertisement in The New York Times.
Stills created during the film's production are available at the Library of Congress.
subtitled Der Film zum Buch vom Führer is a 1992 German satirical film which retells the story of the 1983 Hitler Diaries hoax.
Juettner made more money from the release of Mister 880 than he had made in his entire counterfeiting career.
The film stars Jason James Richter as a foster boy who befriends a captive orca.
Patricia Morison, Keenan Wynn, Gloria Grahame and Jayne Meadows are featured in this story set in the world of nightclub musicians.
Griffith was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress, while both Weaver and Joan Cusack were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.
Director Roshan Andrews changed his name to "Rosshan Andrrews" as per his astrologer's suggestion to ensure the success of the film.
Apthamitra is a 2004 Indian Kannada psychological thriller film directed by P. Vasu, and starring Vishnuvardhan, Ramesh Arvind, Soundarya, Avinash and others.
The movie is about a 16-year-old boy who has to repay his dead father's debt.
Beauchamp, Milton Krims, and Teddi Sherman with uncredited rewrites by Dwan, and starring John Payne, Ronald Reagan, Rhonda Fleming, and Coleen Gray.
Rhodes ultimately rises to great fame and influence on national television.
It also became popular with children and educators.
Themes and motifs from popular horror films such as The Shining, The Amityville Horror and Frankenstein are readily on display.
It was directed by Cynthia Scott, and written by Scott, Sally Bochner, David Wilson and Gloria Demers.
The title role is played by Amanda Barrie in her second and last Carry On.
It's the third film in the Lion King media franchise.
It was Antonioni's first entirely English-language film.
But things spin out of control and Holly has to improvise.
It is considered a modern classic of Serbian cinema.
The film was released directly to DVD and is the story of two unlikely heroes, Prince Dev of the Norvagen and Princess Kyra of the Draigar.
The film's success created a resurgence of interest in Joplin's work.
Its success led other film makers to target the non-resident Indian audience, which was deemed more lucrative for them.
Janet Gaynor won the first Academy Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role for her performance in the film.
The film was made on a budget of ₹ 190 million.
Bullitt is a 1968 American thriller film directed by Peter Yates and produced by Philip D'Antoni.
Almost Famous is a 2000 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Cameron Crowe, and starring Billy Crudup, Kate Hudson and Patrick Fugit.
The film stars Tom Cruise, who also co-produced, with Timothy Spall, Ken Watanabe, Billy Connolly, Tony Goldwyn, Hiroyuki Sanada, Koyuki, and Shin Koyamada in supporting roles.
The change from canals to railways allowed for "national markets" in which prices varied very little from city to city.
The film was directed by Tim Burton and stars Ewan McGregor, Albert Finney, Billy Crudup, Jessica Lange, and Marion Cotillard.
The book's poems address many common childhood concerns and also present purely fanciful stories.
Produced by Universal Studios, the film was directed by James Whale and stars Claude Rains, in his first American screen appearance, and Gloria Stuart.
It is also known as The Magic City.
The film was shot in Nova Scotia.
More broadly, the film is a parody of the American folk music revival of the early 1960s and its personalities.
Further, the film was also dubbed into French and released in French-speaking countries worldwide by Columbia Tristar.
The film directed by Masaaki Tezuka and serves as a direct sequel to Godzilla Against Mechagodzilla.
Sunshine Daydream is also a live album containing the complete August 27, 1972 Grateful Dead concert.
The two men set the "angel" free and she flies off into the sky.
The film stars Ajith Kumar in a triple role as a father and his two sons, alongside Asin and Kanika.
The film starred 1963 Playboy Playmate Connie Mason.
It was also remade in Hindi as Main Chup Rahungi with Bhimsingh returning as director, and in Sinhalese as Mangalika.
It has the distinction of being the second biographical film to win the Oscar for Best Picture.
It stars Spencer Tracy, Sidney Poitier, and Katharine Hepburn, and features Hepburn's niece Katharine Houghton.
The movie features Alaina Capri and Meyer regulars Babette Bardot and Jack Moran.
The film was released in the United States on July 12, 1996.
Actress Emma Thompson wrote the script and stars as Elinor Dashwood, while Kate Winslet plays Elinor's younger sister Marianne.
It was written by and starred John Candy and Eugene Levy, and directed by John Blanchard.
It is a live-action drama set in the Star Wars universe, taking place a few weeks before the events in A New Hope.
The Last Polka was produced for and first broadcast on the HBO cable network.
It is inspired by the true story of Raymond Fernandez and Martha Beck, the notorious "lonely hearts killers" of the 1940s.
The Lombard Kingdom gradually begins to convert to Catholicism, and establishes peace with the Exarchate of the Byzantine Empire.
It won the Technical Grand Prize at the 1981 Cannes Film Festival.
In this film, Chaplin dresses as a woman to fool Edna's father.
The screenplay was based on the true story of Murder, Inc., a Brooklyn gang that operated in the 1930s.
The film was theatrically released on January 12, 2000, grossing $57.3 million domestically and $59.8 worldwide.
Although she lost the lawsuit, she garnered considerable press coverage, and Marked Woman was the first script she filmed upon returning to Hollywood.
It stars Christopher Lee, Francis Matthews, and Barbara Shelley.
Unlike the first film, which was shot in black-and-white, this film was shot in color.
Wave Twisters is a 2001 American animated film directed by Eric Henry and Syd Garon and based on DJ Q-Bert's album of the same name.
The film is based on the novel Mr. Hobbs' Vacation
Theorems are often described as being "trivial", or "difficult", or "deep", or even "beautiful".
It is the second film of Feluda as well as the sequel of Sonar Kella directed by Satyajit Ray.
Zombie later directed the film's sequel, The Devil's Rejects, in which the Firefly family are on the run from the police.
River Queen is a 2005 New Zealand-British war drama film directed by Vincent Ward and starring Samantha Morton, Kiefer Sutherland, Cliff Curtis and Stephen Rea.
The soundtrack features the songs "Into the Night", "In the Midnight Hour" and "Lucille", performed by B.B.
The soundtrack was composed by Dan Wool and Pray for Rain.
The film was rejected by the British Board of Film Classification when submitted in 2004 and has since not been successfully appealed.
The cast also includes Helen Mirren in a small role early in her career.
The three escape to the surface, ignoring the radiation and danger signs, emerging near an encased nuclear reactor.
The Director of Photography was Zhang Li, a fifth generation filmmaker and classmate of Chen Kaige.
2000 years later, they dispatch the Orochi again to destroy Japan and the rest of the world.
Searching for Bobby Fischer, released in the United Kingdom as Innocent Moves, is a 1993 American drama film written and directed by Steven Zaillian.
Additionally, several scenes and songs were filmed on-location in Mauritius.
It also makes a point about Skeffington's status as a Jew in 1914 high society and, later, in relation to Nazi Germany.
To provide her with a mate, Dolittle turns to Archie, a wise-cracking circus-performing bear.
The famous 1997 essay Wear Sunscreen is featured at the end of the film.
Cicely Courtneidge also appears, as Salvation Army Major Martha and The Temperance Seven also appear.
The film begins with a monologue by out-of-work actor Joe Harper about his slow decline into depression.
The film won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature, and was nominated in three more categories, including Best Original Screenplay.
In 1991, a movie titled Not Without My Daughter starring Sally Field was released, based on the events described in her book.
The film earned mixed to positive reviews from multiple critics, particularly commenting on its special effects.
Ball of Fire is a 1941 American screwball comedy film directed by Howard Hawks and starring Gary Cooper and Barbara Stanwyck.
Herbie Rides Again was followed by two more theatrical sequels Herbie Goes to Monte Carlo and Herbie Goes Bananas.
Today, the film has a large international following.
The film was directed by Sidney Franklin, with uncredited contributions by Victor Fleming and Gustav Machaty.
It was written by Irene Kuhn, Edgar Allan Woolf and John Willard based on the 1932 novel of the same name by Sax Rohmer.
The film was directed by Pearry Reginald Teo, and stars Bai Ling, Parry Shen, Faye Dunaway, and Alec Newman.
The film premiered Wednesday, October 9, 2013, at the Pordenone Silent Film Festival.
It featured Reese Witherspoon and Paul Rudd, prior to both becoming considerably bigger film stars.
The film is the first of the School Ghost Stories features, and was followed by School Ghost Stories 2 in 1996.
It was placed fourth in the 1992 British Film Institute directors' list of cinema's top 10 films.
Although the film passed through the European censors, the film's release in Europe caused controversy nevertheless.
The soundtrack album and background score were composed by Vidyasagar.
The 1999 sequel The Last Seduction II featured none of the original cast and starred Joan Severance as the character Fiorentino originated.
As with many films of the Golden Age of Porn, the copyright status of The Devil in Miss Jones is unresolved.
Parker lightened the subject matter considerably for the children's market; in the U.S. the film received a G rating.
Everyone's Hero is a 2006 American computer-animated sports comedy film directed by Colin Brady, Christopher Reeve, and Daniel St. Pierre.
The film's supporting cast also features Priscilla Lane, Jack Carson, Edward Everett Horton and Peter Lorre.
Actor James Darren reprised his 1959 role of "Moondoggie", and another veteran of the 1959 film, Joby Baker, makes an appearance.
The unintended result has been called the "most potent" celebration of rock music ever captured on film.
AllMovie comments that the film "finds director Wes Craven in a transitional phase between his hard-hitting early work and his later commercial successes."
The Ladies Man is a 1961 American comedy film directed by and starring Jerry Lewis.
The film was selected for inclusion in the National Film Registry of the Library of Congress in 2011.
The film's setting is Oakland, California, but other than a few establishing shots, film production was entirely in Vancouver, British Columbia.
Dear Jesse is a 1998 American documentary film by Tim Kirkman that was released theatrically by Cowboy Pictures in 1998.
The youngest child seems to really believe that he has a sister named "Maggie."
Upon returning to CA, he eventually died awaiting a liver transplant in 2001, without ever contacting his sons.
Critically acclaimed, it won 10 Israeli Academy Awards including the Ophir Award for Best Picture.
The real-life Peggy O'Neill had a central role in the Petticoat affair that disrupted the Cabinet of Andrew Jackson.
Tucci heads the cast, with Tony Shalhoub, Minnie Driver and Isabella Rossellini.
It was the first film released after John Lasseter became chief creative officer of Walt Disney Animation Studios.
The film was shot on location on Maine's Cliff Island.
In this film, Rubin is a fledgling "adult filmmaker" who has an idea to post cameras at his window and film his neighbors.
The film is loosely based on the 1973 novel of the same name by Lois Duncan.
Heavyweights is a 1995 American comedy-drama film directed by Steven Brill and written by Brill with Judd Apatow.
Landon's novel was later adapted by Rodgers and Hammerstein for their 1951 stage musical The King and I and subsequent 1956 film of the same name.
James Woods was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role of Byron De La Beckwith.
For instance, Tappi Tíkarrass, a punk/pop band led by vocalist Björk Guðmundsdóttir contributed with two of their works: “Hrollur” and “Dúkkulísur”.
It was produced and directed by comedian Mick Molloy, whose radio show Martin/Molloy had chronicled the chaotic 1998 tour captured in the film.
The film was both set and shot on location in New Orleans, Louisiana.
Infernal Affairs III is a 2003 Hong Kong crime thriller film directed by Andrew Lau and Alan Mak.
In 2005, the film was selected for preservation in the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically or aesthetically significant".
The film was a moderate box office success, earning just over $55.7 million on a $40 million budget.
Ringo Lam was the original director, but he left the project after a few weeks of filming in Canada.
After extensive surgery and physical therapy he quickly went about making Kids Return amidst speculation that he might never be able to work again.
The film was based on the snakehead fish incident in a Crofton, Maryland, pond.
The film performed poorly at the box office, grossing less than $10 million in the US.
It was filmed in England at Pinewood Studios and at a decommissioned power plant in Acton, London.
The film features Rudolf Klein-Rogge as Dr. Mabuse who is in an insane asylum where he is found frantically writing his crime plans.
Julia Sweeney, Joe Flaherty, Robin Duke, Richard Riehle, future WWE ring announcer Justin Roberts and Kurt Fuller have cameo roles.
On March 10, 1998, the original motion picture soundtrack was released by the Varèse Sarabande music label.
The story follows a young man in a small midwestern town who becomes involved with a family of nomadic American vampires.
I Am Cuba is a 1964 Soviet-Cuban film directed by Mikhail Kalatozov at Mosfilm.
It is a remake of the 1947 film The Bishop's Wife.
The film's name "Spadikam" means "crystal" or "prism", the splitting of light by a prism being a metaphor for human nature.
The film's story takes place four years before the timeline of the 2003 film.
Events were changed and some were added.
The film follows a pre-teen girl living in Afghanistan under the Taliban regime who disguises herself as a boy, Osama, to support her family.
Southland Tales is a 2006 science fiction comedy-drama thriller film and the second film written and directed by Richard Kelly.
Unlike its predecessor, The Nine Lives of Fritz the Cat received an R rating, which is the first cartoon feature film to do so.
Though the story is set on an island in Costa Rica, filming took place in Mexico.
It was met with poor critical reviews; however, the film ultimately grossed about $50 million in domestic video sales and developed a large cult following.
The story follows an interconnected web of episodes in the agent's life as he fights time-travel crime and investigates the politician's plans.
The film was released in September 1993 in the United States, and received generally positive reviews from critics.
Despite a tentative scheduled 1994 release date, the film was ultimately never released officially, but illegal copies began circulating after a few years.
Some Cuban expatriates in Miami objected to the film's portrayal of Cubans as criminals and drug traffickers.
It received critical acclaim after the film premiered at the 2004 Sundance Film Festival.
Porgy and Bess is a 1959 American musical film directed by Otto Preminger.
The movie was produced by Ely Landau.
Princess Mononoke is a 1997 Japanese epic historical fantasy anime film written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki, produced by Studio Ghibli and distributed by Toho.
This was director Seth Holt's final film, and was loosely adapted from Bram Stoker's novel The Jewel of Seven Stars.
Powaqqatsi, or Powaqqatsi: Life in Transformation, is a 1988 American documentary film directed by Godfrey Reggio and the sequel to Reggio's experimental 1982 film, Koyaanisqatsi.
The movie changes various details found in the book from relatively minor ones to more major.
This documentary takes place in Hollywood, California on Hollywood Blvd..
It stars Tony Yang, Duncan, King Chin, Dada Ji, Jimmy Yang, and Jason Chang.
Joe, also credited in prints as Ernie Pyle's Story of G.I.
In theaters, a Dexter's Laboratory short titled "Chicken Scratch" was shown prior to the film, which later aired as part of the series' fourth season.
The film is probably best-remembered for the ventriloquist's dummy episode with Redgrave.
The film was set and filmed on location in Chicago.
The Writers Guild of America ranked the film as having the 35th greatest screenplay of all time.
The film was produced and directed by N. Chandra.
C. P. Jambulingam and Kalyanam edited the film; Marcus Bartley was the cinematographer, and S. Rajeswara Rao composed the music.
Citizen Kane is a 1941 American mystery drama film by Orson Welles, its producer, co-screenwriter, director and star.
The film's story earned Leonard Spigelgass a nomination as Best Story for the 23rd Academy Awards.
This was the last film for Farrah Fawcett before her death in 2009.
It grossed $28.7 million and had a $12.6 million budget.
Like the earlier film, it was written by Ken Annakin and Jack Davies and directed by Annakin, with music by Ron Goodwin.
A Song to Remember is a 1945 Columbia Pictures Technicolor biographical film which tells a fictionalised life story of Polish pianist and composer Frédéric Chopin.
The Shooting is a 1966 western film directed by Monte Hellman, with a screenplay by Carole Eastman.
Lost and Delirious is filmed from the perspective of Mary, who observes the changing love between her two teenage friends, Pauline and Victoria.
The film starred Marlon Brando and was directed by Daniel Mann.
So Constance responds by going out with her own friend, Johnny Lawrence.
It stars David A. Hess, and Giovanni Lombardo Radice.
Although not a huge box office success on release, it won Garland much praise for her performance.
Several of the film's gags were taken from the Marx Brothers' stage comedy from the 1900s, Fun in Hi Skule.
De Palma came up with some action sequences, but Koepp and Towne were dissatisfied with the story that led up to those events.
It was filmed with creature effects provided by Ray Harryhausen, the last dinosaur-themed film he animated.
The film also stars Samantha Eggar, Christopher George and Steve James.
Tarrant's son is kidnapped and held to ransom, leading Tarrant to discover that he cannot even rely on the people on his own side.
The Frogmen is a 1951 black-and-white film made by Twentieth Century Fox.
Cheaper by the Dozen 2 is a 2005 American comedy film produced by 20th Century Fox.
The film earned director Clark two Genie Awards.
The film was produced in cooperation with several companies, including Ecosse Films and Blueprint Pictures.
At the 2005 Sundance Film Festival, the film won awards for best dramatic direction and screenwriting, and was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize.
The film was also featured in the public radio show This American Life in the episode entitled, "Reruns."
This series launched the PBS television show, Barney & Friends.
Edge of Doom is a 1950 black-and-white film noir directed by Mark Robson and starring Dana Andrews, Farley Granger, and Joan Evans.
It is the first of 4 films in Alfonso Brescia's sci-fi series, the others being: Battle in Interstellar Space, War of the Robots, and Star Odyssey.
Moonstruck is a 1987 American romantic comedy film directed by Norman Jewison and written by John Patrick Shanley.
It has been a cult classic ever since.
The screenplay by Jeff Vintar and Akiva Goldsman is from a screen story by Vintar, suggested by Isaac Asimov's short-story collection of the same name.
The film features the song "This Is Not America," written and performed by David Bowie and the Pat Metheny Group.
The story is set during the Crusades of the 12th century.
Both John Candy and Eugene Levy were nominated in 1985 for a Cable Ace Award in the Best Performance in a Comedy Special category.
Its title was taken from a song by Tom Waits.
was shot in Technicolor and filmed on location in northern Tanganyika.
This film is set in 1970s Hollywood, California.
It was entered into the 1967 Cannes Film Festival, winning the OCIC Award.
The film was made in black and white, and was the first of two collaborations between Powell and Pressburger and cinematographer Erwin Hillier.
Kubrick obtained the filming rights for Dream Story in the 1960s, considering it a perfect text for a film adaptation about sexual relations.
The film's story is centered on two dogs named Rowf and Snitter, who escape from a research laboratory in Great Britain.
The Sound Barrier was a box-office success on first release, but it has become one of the least-known of Lean's films.
The film grossed $47.7 million in North America, the least successful of the Alien series on that continent.
The film score was composed by Jerry Goldsmith.
Yuzo and his fiancée, Masako, spend a Sunday together in Tokyo.
Speed Zone, released in 1989, is a comedy set around an illegal cross-country race.
"Carnaval" and "Jangadeiros" were directed by Welles in Brazil in 1942.
The film has the third most attendance of any film in the Friday the 13th series with approximately 11,762,400 tickets sold during its initial run.
Code Unknown is a co-production among France, Germany and Romania.
Avary used Centralia, Pennsylvania as an inspiration for the town.
As with Gaghan's screenplay for Traffic, Syriana uses multiple, parallel storylines, jumping between locations in Iran, Texas, Washington, D.C., Switzerland, Spain and Lebanon.
The film stars David Niven as Sir Percy Blakeney, Margaret Leighton as Marguerite Blakeney and features Jack Hawkins, Cyril Cusack and Robert Coote.
Unlike other wuxia films, it is more of a love story than purely a martial arts film.
The characters of Pulver, Doc and several crewmen return from the first film, but played by different actors.
This angers the natives of the island and Gappa's full-grown parents, who head toward Japan to find their child.
Themes that make up the basis of RoboCop include media influence, gentrification, corruption, authoritarianism, greed, privatization, capitalism, identity, dystopia, and human nature.
In 2015, the United States Library of Congress selected the film for preservation in the National Film Registry, finding it "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
The Learning Tree is based upon Parks' 1964 semi-autobiographical novel of the same name.
Mississippi Mermaid is a 1969 French romantic drama film directed by François Truffaut and starring Catherine Deneuve and Jean-Paul Belmondo.
Phileine Says Sorry is a Dutch/American 2003 comedy-drama film directed by Robert Jan Westdijk.
The film's title refers to the ancient Chinese text of the same name by war strategist Sun Tzu.
Film Socialisme alternative French title Socialisme, English: Socialism but often referred to as Film Socialism, is a 2010 French film directed by Jean-Luc Godard.
It was the directorial debut of Cherie Nowlan.
A Cock and Bull Story is a 2005 British comedy film directed by Michael Winterbottom.
A side-out is now defined as when the receiving team earns the right to serve whether they get a point when they do so or not.
It also features the brief return of Alice Hardy, who is currently one of the only Friday the 13th heroines to return in a sequel.
It is the second collaboration between Denzel Washington and director Edward Zwick.
The Divorcee is a 1930 American pre-Code drama film written by Nick Grindé, John Meehan, and Zelda Sears, based on the novel Ex-Wife by Ursula Parrott.
Their lives come into conflict because of a search for a missing heir.
The film was shot in both Australia and the Philippines and includes Australian actors Bill Kerr as Colonel Henderson and Noel Ferrier as Wally O'Sullivan.
The film launched Griffith into stardom, but earned mixed reviews upon its original release.
The film is also widely celebrated for its depiction of Western touristic desires and exploitation among a 'tribal' people.
Three Men and a Cradle is a 1985 French comedy film by Coline Serreau.
It takes place in Chicago in the summer of 1968.
The film stars Max von Sydow as S.A. Andrée, Sverre Anker Ousdal as Knut Frænkel and Göran Stangertz as Nils Strindberg.
She spent four years in prison for attempted murder and was released in 1988.
The film was directed by Curt Geda.
Antz is DreamWorks Pictures' first animated film, and the second feature-length computer-animated film after Disney/Pixar's Toy Story.
The latter died on May 24, 1997, almost six weeks before the film's release.
It was the number one ranked movie for the weekend of October 24–26, 1980.
The original music score is by Harold Faltermeyer.
In addition to Brooks in a supporting role, the film also features Brooks regulars Dom DeLuise and Rudy De Luca in cameo appearances.
The purpose of both is partly to warn people about the threat of Communist subversion of American society.
The credit of special effects supervisor was given out of respect, since he was still the head of the Visual Effects Department.
Satan's Mistress is a 1980 horror movie that was theatrically released in 1982.
The film, too, tacks between the tourists and black-and-white photographs from the era of German colonialism of New Guinea.
The original music score was composed by Charles Bernstein.
Duplex is a 2003 American comedy film directed by Danny DeVito, and starring Ben Stiller and Drew Barrymore.
Ellen Hovde and Muffie Meyer also directed, and Susan Froemke was the associate producer.
Working Girl is a 1988 romantic comedy-drama film directed by Mike Nichols and written by Kevin Wade.
The Confessional is a 1995 mystery-drama film directed by Robert Lepage.
It was the first film from Walt Disney Productions to receive a PG rating.
The film was the directorial debut of Kasdan, screenwriter of The Empire Strikes Back and Raiders of the Lost Ark.
The film was released by Touchstone Pictures on July 12, 2002.
It was later restored to the film when it made its DVD debut in 2007.
One blank verse episode that was retained was Anne's soliloquy in the Tower of London.
In 1945, 20th Century Fox bought the film rights to the novel, which had been published only in the United Kingdom at that time.
It is the third film in the Lethal Weapon series.
Each has a distinctive animation style and story ranging from comedic to dramatic storylines.
The film is based on the tall tales about the 18th-century German nobleman Baron Munchausen and his wartime exploits against the Ottoman Empire.
The film has garnered Filmfare Award for Best Music Direction, and the National Film Award for Best Female Playback Singer.
Cat Soup was released direct-to-DVD in Japan on 21 February 2001.
Jack Black and Kyle Gass first came to global attention in Bio-Dome in which they performed together as Tenacious D on-screen for the first time.
It was released on DVD in 2000 by Anchor Bay.
Other actors in the film include Torin Thatcher, David Burns, and Leon Askin.
Johnny wants to marry Constance, but she cannot forget her husband.
The screenplay is based on the first third of the 1998 novel A Widow for One Year by John Irving.
These three films show the tensions between the generations of a Confucian family, between East and West, and between tradition and modernity.
The film was selected in 1999 for preservation in the US National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, and aesthetically significant."
Mechlowicz portrays Scott "Scotty" Thomas, an American teenager who travels across Europe in search of his German pen pal, Mieke.
Zapata: El sueño del héroe, also titled simply Zapata, is a Mexican motion picture first released in 2004.
The Twins Effect, also known as Vampire Effect in the United States, is a 2003 Hong Kong film directed by Dante Lam and Donnie Yen.
Bette Midler sings the lead song, "My One True Friend", over the end credits.
The theme song was sung by Frankie Avalon, who also appeared in the film.
The film was shot on location in Alberta and British Columbia, Canada, as well as in Mexico.
An article in Rolling Stone magazine alleged that Stanley Kubrick called Freebie and the Bean the best film of 1974.
The film also includes a cameo near the film's end by the original Bandit, Burt Reynolds.
As with Bresson's most renowned films, The Trial of Joan of Arc stars non-professional performers and is filmed in an extremely spare, restrained style.
It follows an estranged couple who have erased each other from their memories, but then, start dating again.
The film's soundtrack was composed by R. Sudharsanam.
Some Like It Hot opened to largely positive reviews and is today considered to be one of the greatest film comedies of all time.
Although set in Houston, Texas, the movie was filmed by director Peter Masterson in Dallas.
The film is based on an original story treatment by George Worthing Yates, which was then developed into a screenplay by Ted Sherdeman and Russell Hughes.
Ring was originally a novel written by Koji Suzuki; its sequel, Rasen, was also adapted into a film as the sequel to Ring.
It stars Claude Rains as Skeffington, along with Walter Abel, George Coulouris and Richard Waring.
Paul J. Smith and Buddy Baker composed the music for it and its 1979 sequel, The Apple Dumpling Gang Rides Again.
it stars Robert Davi, Claudia Christian, Michael Lerner, and Bruce Campbell.
WiseGirls is a 2002 film starring Mira Sorvino, Mariah Carey and Melora Walters as waitresses working at a restaurant run by mobsters.
The film stars Charles Bronson, Lee Marvin, Angie Dickinson, Carl Weathers, Maury Chaykin, Ed Lauter and Andrew Stevens.
This was Sandler's second film to eclipse $120 million worldwide in 1998 along with The Wedding Singer.
Freeze: SubZero in 1997 and Mystery of the Batwoman in 2003.
The film stars Kenneth More and was directed by Lewis Gilbert.
Critical reaction was mixed, though the performances of Hackman, Dafoe and Frances McDormand were generally praised.
The film garnered four National Film Awards, three Tamil Nadu State Film Awards and a Filmfare Award South.
Its title derives from the 1975 film The Naughty Stewardesses and the 1974 film Blazing Saddles.
In 1967 the film won awards in Germany and Italy.
Once Upon a Time in Mexico is a 2003 American contemporary Western action film written, co-produced, edited, scored, and directed by Robert Rodriguez.
My Man Godfrey is a 1936 American screwball comedy film directed by Gregory La Cava.
In the film, Selene and Michael fight to protect the future of the Corvinus bloodline from its hidden past.
The rest of the film follows their attempt to carry out Sara's plan.
Roller Boogie is a 1979 American romantic musical drama film starring Linda Blair and introducing Jim Bray, a former competitive artistic skater from California.
In 2013, the film underwent an extensive restoration.
The screenplay by Richard L. Breen and John Twist is based on a book by Don Whitehead.
The second half of the book would subsequently be used as the rough basis for the second film, The Next Chapter.
The Magic Roundabout is a 2005 French-British computer-animated adventure fantasy film based on the television series of the same name.
The original music score was composed by Danny Elfman.
This film was produced by Davis Entertainment Company for 20th Century Fox, and was released in United States on June 16, 2006.
It also profiles people from the first film, including Barbara Adams and Gabriel Köerner.
The Lonely Lady is a 1983 American drama film directed by Peter Sasdy, adapted from the 1976 novel written by Harold Robbins.
Kadosh is a 1999 film by Israeli director Amos Gitai.
Tabu received a 2000 Filmfare Award nomination for Best Actress for this movie.
Consequently, Eric Stoltz was cast in the role.
One voice was synthesized using the Sonovox system, but it, too, was recorded using the RCA System.
The film was made, in part, on location at Clayton Windmills, south of Burgess Hill, in West Sussex, England.
Space Cowboys is a 2000 American space drama film directed and produced by Clint Eastwood.
The screenplay is by AJ Carothers based on the play that was based on the book My Philadelphia Father by Cordelia Drexel Biddle.
The film stars Steven Seagal as John Hatcher, a former DEA troubleshooter.
The film shows many studio rehearsals and fragments of concert footage.
It tells the story of a television reporter and her cameraman who discover safety coverups at a nuclear power plant.
Dreyer spent over a year researching Joan of Arc and the transcripts of her trial before writing the script.
Young's version topped the UK Singles Chart for four weeks in October 1955, while Martino's version stalled at Number 19 that September.
Its main theme is women in prison.
In the closing sequence he is incarcerated in a mental asylum.
The scenes in space are courtesy of NASA.
The Great Lie is a 1941 American drama film directed by Edmund Goulding and starring Bette Davis, George Brent, and Mary Astor.
This was Purviance's last film before retiring in 1928.
Aristazabal Hawkes, member of the band, Guillemots
The film's original working title was Reigo vs. Yamato.
Platoon is a 1986 American Vietnam war anti-war film written and directed by Oliver Stone, starring Tom Berenger, Willem Dafoe, and Charlie Sheen.
Bella, the title character, and her husband, Massimo, are the creative embodiments of an elderly Italian-American couple who owned, and lived above The Enrico Biscotti Company.
Starring Ariadna Gil and Ramón Fontserè, the film was nominated for eight Goya Awards in 2004, and won the award for Best Cinematography.
Today, however, it is regarded as a cult classic.
Sökarna is a 1993 Swedish crime film directed by Daniel Fridell and Peter Cartriers.
It held the Guinness record for most profitable film and has been credited for further opening up the global market to Australian New Wave films.
The film took in an estimated $10,718,520 in 1,996 screens and grossed an estimated $28,501,605 in the United States.
The film was produced by Phillip Adams, who became a prominent op-ed journalist and broadcaster, and directed by Bruce Beresford.
It is now often regarded as one of the best films of the 2000s.
The screenplay by Lorenzo Semple Jr. and David Rayfiel was adapted from the 1974 novel Six Days of the Condor by James Grady.
The film was written by Stevan Bulajić and Veljko Bulajić, and directed by Veljko Bulajić.
The comedians released 190 short films for the studio between 1934 and 1959.
Reiner appears as Marty Di Bergi, the maker of the documentary.
In the Mouth of Madness is a 1994 American psychological Lovecraftian horror film directed and scored by John Carpenter and written by Michael De Luca.
The Scottish accents of some of the actors are unintelligible to many of the American audience and therefore the film is often shown subtitled there..
Even Dwarfs Started Small is a 1970 West German comedy-drama film written, produced, and directed by Werner Herzog.
It was directed by Andrei Konchalovsky, working for the Mosfilm studio.
The documentary captures and includes many historical moments of hip hop culture during its earliest days in the 1970's onward towards the early 80's.
The Avars attack the outskirts of Constantinople.
It also introduced the sport, which had become popular outside of Hawaii and the Polynesian Islands in places like California and Australia, to a broader audience.
The Prophecy 3: The Ascent is a 2000 American fantasy horror-thriller film, and the third installment in The Prophecy series.
A sequel, entitled Full Throttle, was released in June 2003.
The film earned over $3 million in its opening weekend, and would later go on to gross over $16 million worldwide.
Bright Leaves had its world premiere at the 2003 Cannes Film Festival.
The film received positive reviews from critics.
It was written by Steve Martin, who also stars alongside Eddie Murphy in two roles, and Heather Graham as a vapid, ambitious starlet.
The film is part of the by Brakhage: an Anthology Criterion collection DVD.
Will, his estranged son, attempts to mend their relationship as Bloom relates tall tales of his eventful life as a young adult.
Production started in 1924 and took three years to complete, mainly due to financial problems.
The Lost Skeleton of Cadavra is a 2001 independent science-fiction parody film directed by Larry Blamire.
It is based on David Morrell's 1972 novel of the same name and is the first installment of the Rambo series.
The film was shot in 1989 and released on home video the same year in Australia.
The short is also available as an extra on the 2012 release of Kubrick's first full-length film Fear and Desire.
The film covers 30 years of the relationship between Aurora Greenway and her daughter Emma.
A Walk on the Moon is a 1999 American drama film starring Diane Lane, Viggo Mortensen, Liev Schreiber and Anna Paquin.
The clearance process usually requires a satisfactory background investigation.
Point Break is a 1991 American action crime thriller film directed by Kathryn Bigelow, starring Patrick Swayze, Keanu Reeves, Lori Petty and Gary Busey.
Fright Night Part 2 is a 1988 American horror film directed by Tommy Lee Wallace and starring William Ragsdale, Roddy McDowall, Traci Lind, and Julie Carmen.
The film credits Paul Theroux as a source for the story, based on themes he explores in his 1997 novel Kowloon Tong.
The Welsh Male Voice Choir used to provide background music throughout the film was, in fact, the London-based Gwalia Male Choir.
The film was remade in Hindi as Bade Dilwala, which was released in 1999 and in Telugu as Bahumati in 2007.
Mogambo is a 1953 American Technicolor adventure/romantic drama film directed by John Ford and starring Clark Gable, Ava Gardner and Grace Kelly and featuring Donald Sinden.
The movie was directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Zemeckis and his long-time writing partner Bob Gale.
is a French film, directed by Yves Robert, released in 1977.
In his previous film, Love on a Diet, he wore a fat suit, while in this film, he wears a muscle suit.
Produced by Monogram Studios, the film is unique as an ice skating musical.
Little Tough Guy is a 1938 crime film that starred several of the Dead End Kids.
Dassin endorsed the American version as closer to his vision.
The film was written by Richard Flournoy, Lewis R. Foster, Frank Ross, and Robert Russell, from "Two's a Crowd", an original story by Garson Kanin.
It features the voices of Richard Romanus, David Proval, Tina Bowman, and Jesse Welles.
Living with Lions is a documentary that was released on video that follows the 1997 British and Irish Lions tour to South Africa.
A spaceship blasts off from Earth with five aboard, but one of them is secretly a Moon man returning home.
Previously, the Titanic short was included on that film's 4-Disc Special Collector's Edition DVD, released in 2005.
films were released on DVD in 2004; it was instead released on its own in 2007.
The Living Daylights was generally well received by most critics and was also a financial success, grossing $191.2 million worldwide.
It stars Marjorie Yates, Leigh McCormack and Anthony Watson.
The original music score is composed by Roger Eno and the cinematography is by Peter Deming.
It is widely recognized as the first Asian-American feature narrative film to gain both theatrical distribution and critical acclaim outside of the Asian American community.
As of 2017, it was considered by many fans and critics as one of the greatest comedy films ever made.
The film's title is drawn from William Shakespeare's Hamlet.
The film starred Ellen Burstyn as the mother and was aired in 1985.
The following year, Joseph Brenner brought this film to the US, and retitled it simply Infra-Man, with the advertising campaign slogan "The Man Beyond Bionics!"
Director Reddy was meticulous with the pre-production and casting phases, which took nearly a year to complete.
The story tells of a young boy, outside Nazareth, who must part with his best friend, an old donkey named Small One.
The film revolves around newlyweds Carl and Molly Peterson.
It is featured in the 2004 documentary The 50 Worst Movies Ever Made.
D'Amato wrote and directed the first, second, and fourth films in the series, himself disregarding the existence of the third.
The film premiered in churches on October 21, 2005, before its release on DVD and VHS on October 25, 2005.
In 2011, The Lost Weekend was added to the National Film Registry of the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant."
The plot involves two children, Whispering Wind and Striding Cloud, who become powerful warriors under the evil Lord Conqueror's tutelage.
It earned several Golden Raspberry Awards; Cosby himself denounced and disowned it in the press in the weeks leading up to its release.
Million Dollar Baby opened to wide acclaim from critics, and won four Academy Awards, including Best Picture.
It is based on the novella of the same name by Tordini.
The film was also a financial disappointment grossing merely $72 million against a $70 million production budget.
Based on the play Fly Away Home by Dorothy Bennett and Irving White, the film was directed by Michael Curtiz.
Rowan Atkinson and Tony Robinson reprised their roles as the series' core characters Blackadder and Baldrick, respectively.
The Work and the Glory is a 2004 historical fiction drama film directed by Russell Holt.
The film is in black and white and was directed by Olive La Torre.
The California Reich is a 1975 documentary film on a group of Neo-Nazis in Los Angeles, San Francisco and Tracy, California, USA.
It was the last animated feature released through Columbia Pictures until Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within in 2001.
It was later re-printed when Orion Publishing re-released the entire series.
Experiments in the Revival of Organisms is a 1940 motion picture which documents Soviet research into the resuscitation of clinically dead organisms.
The plot is about fights between ethnic gangs in Paris.
You Devil, both of which featured Burns reprising his role, but with no other recurring characters from the original story.
Arkin and Caan would not appear in another movie together until the 2008 film adaptation of Get Smart.
The film is also known as Benny's Medal.
A television series of the same name premiered on October 3, 2006 on NBC.
It was produced by Patrick Crowley and David Hoberman, directed by Frank Marshall with music by Mark Isham and written by David DiGilio.
The film was entered into the 2002 Cannes Film Festival.
I never did like the title, but nobody could think of a better one, and I was too lazy to try."
Pamela Reed plays his partner, Phoebe O'Hara, and Penelope Ann Miller plays Joyce, the teacher who becomes his love interest.
This is the second film starring Andy Lau in which he wears a prosthetic suit.
It is the sequel to the 1961 Disney animated film 101 Dalmatians.
Vidor also appears in a cameo as himself, as does Davies.
Deadline at Dawn is a 1946 film noir, the only film directed by stage director Harold Clurman.
Out of Africa is a 1985 American epic romantic drama film directed and produced by Sydney Pollack, and starring Robert Redford and Meryl Streep.
Broadway Melody of 1940 is a 1940 MGM movie musical starring Fred Astaire, Eleanor Powell and George Murphy.
As of July 1, 2008 it had earned over $7.8 million, making it the 21st-highest-grossing documentary film in the United States -.
The project was first proposed in 2001, during the original run of the Bionicle toyline.
Lynch was originally going to produce, but after reading Gifford's book, he decided to also write and direct the film.
Spirit's thoughts are narrated by his voice actor Matt Damon, but otherwise, he has no dialogue.
Murder, My Sweet turned out to be Anne Shirley's final film.
Steamboy is one of the most expensive Japanese animated movies made to date.
It was John Travolta's third major acting role after Saturday Night Fever and Grease.
The Scarlet Claw is a 1944 Sherlock Holmes film directed by Roy William Neill and starring Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce.
The film stars Hugh O'Conor in the lead role.
It is based on the 1960 novel Chautauqua by Day Keene and Dwight Vincent Babcock.
The film also contains some small scale battle scenes.
It is notable for being the first feature film to star a then-unknown Arnold Schwarzenegger, who was about 22 years old when the film was produced.
Fox, Trini Alvarado, Peter Dobson, John Astin, Dee Wallace Stone, Jeffrey Combs, R. Lee Ermey and Jake Busey.
It was released on DVD for the first time by The Criterion Collection in 2003.
Wicked Little Things is a 2006 zombie horror film directed by J. S. Cardone and stars Lori Heuring, Scout Taylor-Compton and Chloë Grace Moretz.
The story involves two couples: one a "fake" psychic and her cab driving boyfriend, the other a pair of professional thieves and kidnappers.
The Tao of Steve was produced by Ted Hope and James Schamus' Good Machine production company and released through Sony Pictures Classics.
For the 2001 tour to Australia, another documentary was produced.
is a 1994 American romantic comedy film directed by Fred Schepisi and starring Tim Robbins, Meg Ryan, and Walter Matthau.
It stars Dean Jagger and Edward Chapman and was written by Jimmy Sangster.
A third independent sequel was also released, titled Citizen Toxie: The Toxic Avenger IV.
Reagan's presidential campaign revived interest in the film, resulting in reporters calling him "The Gipper."
The film was theatrically distributed by 20th Century Fox on a double bill with Return of the Fly.
The Agony and the Ecstasy is a 1965 American film directed by Carol Reed, starring Charlton Heston as Michelangelo and Rex Harrison as Pope Julius II.
It also won an award for Best Technical Achievement for production designer Mark Tildesley from the British Independent Film Awards.
Wrong Side of the Road is a 1981 low-budget feature film made in South Australia in 1980.
Zinta's performance was praised by critics and earned her nominations at award ceremonies.
It stars Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn as married lawyers who come to oppose each other in court.
Despite generally negative critical reception, Porky's was a box office success.
Whore II is a 1994 docudrama about prostitution.
It also stars Charles Ruggles as a penniless nobleman, along with Charles Butterworth and Myrna Loy as members of his family.
It stars Jack Nicholson and Diane Keaton as a successful 60-something and 50-something, who find love for each other in later life, despite being complete opposites.
The insects grow to huge sizes and turn the sorority house into a nest, trying to kill the residents.
It also warns that, in the future, there could be many more Punjabs burning and suffering for years.
The film, directed by Christopher Leitch and written by R. Timothy Kring, stars Jason Bateman, James Hampton, John Astin, and Kim Darby.
The film is also known for its score by Ralph Vaughan Williams that was later reworked into his Sinfonia antartica.
The film was entirely shot in Japan, with Tamblyn performing re-shoots in Chicago, Illinois.
The original music score is composed by Basil Poledouris.
Body Heat is a 1981 American neo-noir erotic thriller film written and directed by Lawrence Kasdan.
Children are taken from their parents and put in monasteries, where they learn the teaching of evangelism in the Visigothic Kingdom.
Francis Ford Coppola was one of the executive producers.
Many of them found it interesting to work on a movie like this, because such movies are not typically made in Finland.
Streisand, Marvin Hamlisch, Robert John "Mutt" Lange, and Bryan Adams composed the film's theme song, "I Finally Found Someone".
Blieden wrote the screenplay from his stage play, and he also stars in the film, along with Stephanie Courtney, Matt Price and Annabelle Gurwitch.
The film features a supporting cast that includes Fred Ward, Naomi Watts, Moira Kelly and Jacqueline Bisset.
Upon release, the film fetched the Filmfare Best Actress Award for Juhi Chawla.
Although the film played theatrically in some countries, it was released straight to video in the United States.
Bad Moon is a 1996 American horror film written and directed by Eric Red and produced by James G. Robinson.
The film stars Heather Langenkamp, John Saxon, Ronee Blakley, Amanda Wyss, Jsu Garcia, Robert Englund, and Johnny Depp in his feature film debut.
The film received positive reviews and is widely considered to be Bakshi's biggest critical success.
Father of the Bride Part II is a 1995 American comedy film starring Steve Martin, Diane Keaton and Martin Short.
Of the 600 inmates in the camp, roughly 300 escaped, although all but 50 - 70 were later re-captured and killed.
It tells the story of two bikers who travel through the American Southwest and South after selling a large score of cocaine.
It is now regarded by many as one of the greatest films of the 1990s.
Writers Trustman and Kleiner won a 1969 Edgar Award from the Mystery Writers of America for Best Motion Picture Screenplay.
The film was shot in Saskatchewan, Canada, and follows the lives of several women in a brothel in a midwestern prairie town in the 1870s.
Tesich was an alumnus of Indiana University Bloomington.
It is an adaptation of Oscar Hijuelos's 1989 Pulitzer Prize-winning novel The Mambo Kings Play Songs of Love.
is a 1976 American comedy film and a sequel to The Shaggy Dog produced by Walt Disney Productions.
The movie was directed and written by Byambasuren Davaa and Luigi Falorni.
It was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Art Direction.
The film is also known by the names The Salute of the Jugger and Salute to the Jugger.
The film stars Roger Duchesne as Bob.
The original French title is Les Ripoux, which can be translated as "the corrupt ones".
Victor Young contributed the lively musical score, including a fast-paced variation of the William Tell Overture for the opening scenes.
The title is the motto of the elite Special Air Service.
Maya Memsaab, also known as Maya and Maya: The Enchanting Illusion in English) is a 1993 Indian Hindi film directed by Ketan Mehta.
Both were critically and commercially successful, with a theatrical run of 100 days in 24 theatres, and it became a silver-jubilee film.
The film was produced by Richard Jobson and is also Simon Pegg's film debut, in a small role.
The film popularised the Zui Quan fighting style.
This version, with rewritten title cards, poor sequencing, and "fuzzy" in appearance from generation loss, can be found today on some home video releases.
It was nominated for four Saturn Awards, including Best Science Fiction Film and Best Direction.
The screenplay is by Eddie Moran and Jack Jevne.
The film is based on the novella La Symphonie Pastorale by André Gide and adapted to the screen by Jean Aurenche.
In the film, Timothy Brisby, the youngest son of Jonathan and Mrs. Brisby, goes to Thorn Valley wanting to become a hero like his father.
The Comedy thriller film is one of the highest rated Telugu films on the Internet Movie Database.
Fox, Lela Rochon, and Larenz Tate, who portrays Lymon.
Opening on February 27, 1958, the play ran for 166 performances at the Playhouse Theatre.
The film stars Richard Attenborough, Kim Stanley, Nanette Newman, Mark Eden and Patrick Magee.
Ostensibly based on a short story titled "Dracula's Guest" by Bram Stoker, the film bears little or no resemblance to the original source material.
Eat Drink Man Woman is a 1994 Taiwanese film directed by Ang Lee and starring Sihung Lung, Yu-wen Wang, Chien-lien Wu, and Kuei-mei Yang.
The film was inspired by the 1951 Alfred Hitchcock thriller Strangers on a Train, which is also seen in the film.
Return to Sleepaway Camp is a 2008 slasher film written and directed by Robert Hiltzik.
The film was later remade in Tamil as Uyarndhavargal in 1977 with Kamal Haasan and Sujatha.
The director of photography was RKO regular Nicholas Musuraca.
It is now available on DVD by MGM Home Entertainment.
The Coens wrote the screenplay for Barton Fink in three weeks while experiencing difficulty during the writing of Miller's Crossing.
It was a remake of Alfred Hitchcock's 1954 thriller Dial M For Murder.
The proverb speaks of these emotions, not as isolated fragments of feelings, but as elements that make up the whole of the human existence.
On January 11, 2005, the Original Motion Picture Soundtrack was released by the Commotion label.
It was the first Italian film to use computer-generated imagery.
It became the second film to gross more than $2 billion worldwide.
It is divided into eight sections: The Edifice, Fooling Around, The Process, Judgment, A Parable, Digression, The Search, and The Mark.
It is an adaptation of the studio's own Bhojpuri film Nadiya Ke Paar.
While financially successful, the film was met with negative reviews from critics.
Boy Called Twist, is a 2004 film that tells the story of a Cape Town street kid, based on Dickens’ classic, Oliver Twist.
The filming began during the summer of 1912, and the film premiered that winter.
Mills edited The Red Shoes and other films directed and produced by Powell and Pressburger that incorporated ballet.
The Crying Game is a 1992 British-Irish-Japanese thriller film written and directed by Neil Jordan.
The tune of this song is also used as the lullaby May and Max's mother used to sing to them when they were children.
The screenplay by Jack Rose and Mel Shavelson was based upon a story by I.A.L.
The God of Cookery is a 1996 film produced, written, starring, and directed by Stephen Chow.
The film premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 10, 2002 and Palm Springs International Film Festival on January 12, 2003.
The film also uses footage from other sources, such as movie clips, documentary footage, and cartoons.
Shaolin Soccer is a 2001 Hong Kong martial arts sports comedy film co-written and directed by Stephen Chow, who also stars in the lead role.
The film is about the consequences of the slightest mistake and how it can ruin your whole life.
Dying Young is a 1991 American romance film, directed by Joel Schumacher.
The film is set one year after The Empire Strikes Back and was produced by Howard Kazanjian for Lucasfilm Ltd.
It was entered into the 1971 Cannes Film Festival.
Jesus of Montreal is a 1989 French Canadian comedy-drama film written and directed by Denys Arcand, and starring Lothaire Bluteau, Catherine Wilkening and Johanne-Marie Tremblay.
I, Robot is a 2004 American neo-noir dystopian science fiction action film directed by Alex Proyas.
It was Bill Haley's second film appearance after his group appeared in the 1954 short film, Round Up of Rhythm.
He is adopted by the police chief who is responsible for this, and when Altaaf finds out, he seeks revenge and becomes a terrorist.
It also showed at the Waterfront Film Festival, New Zealand Film Festival, Sidewalk Film Festival, and Vail Film Festival.
Invisible Child is a 1999 American television drama film starring Rita Wilson as a mother who imagines she has three children when she has only two.
Statham returns as Frank Martin, a professional "transporter" who delivers packages without questions.
The movie was adapted by Charles Brackett and Billy Wilder from the book by Ketti Frings.
The film centers around a fat camp for kids that is taken over by a fitness guru named Tony Perkis.
The film pre-dates, by two decades, the film, Sophie Scholl: The Final Days.
Written by Borden Chase, the film is about a self-minded adventurer who locks horns with an evil, crooked judge while driving cattle to Dawson.
Allen, who denies that the work is autobiographical and has expressed regret that audiences interpreted it as such,
It was released as My Life to Live in North America and as It's My Life in United Kingdom.
The original electronic music score is composed and performed by Carter Burwell in one of his earliest projects.
However, the opening and closing acts are the same in the film as in real life; Richie Havens opens the show and Jimi Hendrix closes it.
The project was ultimately shelved by the company prior to its release due to fears of an NC-17 rating.
However, he was busy filming his television series Family Ties and the show's producers would not allow him to star in the film.
The title refers to a poetic compilation published by the character in the movie played by Leung.
Reba Vartanian, Mitnick's grandmother, also appears in a number of interview segments.
Other than Brynner, none of the cast members from the original film appear, and original writer-director Crichton was not involved.
The Fat Spy is a 1966 Z movie that attempts to parody teenage beach party films.
Her experiences while incarcerated, along with the killing of her husband, change her from a frightened young girl into a hardened convict.
Meanwhile, a collector named Lawrence III attempts to steal the three Pokémon to awaken Lugia, which proves dangerous for the legendary Pokémon, Lugia, and Ash himself.
The original version was considered too shocking to be released and no longer exists.
Four weeks after release, the number of theaters showing it increased by 45%.
A musical based on the film was in development and was premiered on Broadway in April 2014.
The fifth film in the series, titled A Good Day to Die Hard, was released on February 14, 2013.
Leatherface: The Texas Chainsaw Massacre III is a 1990 American slasher film directed by Jeff Burr.
The story follows a man who returns to his hometown and listens to audio diaries recorded by his school sweetheart before her death.
The film was released on December 15, 2006, by Columbia Pictures.
Berry won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her leading performance in this film.
At almost the same time, fans in costume at the King's Court Theater in Pittsburgh began performing alongside the film.
Dil Chahta Hai is a 2001 Indian comedy-drama film starring Aamir Khan, Saif Ali Khan, Akshaye Khanna, Preity Zinta, Sonali Kulkarni, and Dimple Kapadia.
Manjil Virinja Pookkal received six Kerala State Film Awards, including the Best Film with Popular Appeal and Aesthetic Value.
It is one of several Paramount Pictures in which Fields contended with child actor Baby LeRoy.
As a French noun, un baiser means "a kiss," but as a verb, baiser means "to fuck," so Baise-moi means simply "Fuck me."
The Dark Corner is a 1946 black-and-white film noir directed by Henry Hathaway starring Lucille Ball, Mark Stevens and Clifton Webb.
Portrait of Jennie is a 1948 fantasy film based on the novella by Robert Nathan.
Accused of Murder is a 1956 Trucolor film noir mystery film directed by Joseph Kane starring David Brian, Vera Ralston, Sidney Blackmer and Virginia Grey.
The film's taglines are: "Destiny is what you make of it" and "What if you had only 7 days to live?"
The effects combined practical models done by Giger collaborator Steve Johnson and XFX, with computer-generated imagery done by Richard Edlund's Boss Film Studios.
It was screened with Grateful Days, a new documentary short that includes interviews with some of the concert attendees.
The film won the Australian Film Institute Award for Best Film in 2000.
The Super Inframan is a 1975 Hong Kong science fiction action film produced by Shaw Brothers Studio in 1975.
It was Republic's thirty-first serial, of the sixty-six they produced.
Ram Jaane is a 1995 Indian Hindi-language crime drama film directed by Rajiv Mehra about an unnamed kid who grows up to become a gangster.
Baazigar is a 1993 Indian crime thriller film directed by Abbas–Mustan starring Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol in the lead roles.
However, it is generally understood to go beyond this and to take a stand against commercialism as destructive towards art.
The two men also wrote the screenplay.
The movie, described as both "ludicrous" and "cautionary," was nominated for an Academy Award and became a cult classic of the 1960s counterculture.
The drama was filmed in English and directed by Jan Schütte.
The film was a box office bomb and received generally negative reviews, frequently being compared unfavorably to von Trier's award-winning Dogville, released the previous year.
This is one of the few films produced by William Randolph Hearst's Cosmopolitan Productions which did not star Hearst's mistress, Marion Davies.
The writing credits also include the line "based on an incident written by James Hadley Chase".
The purpose of the tests was to investigate the effect of nuclear weapons on warships.
Hitman City is a 2003 action-adventure movie that was directed by Scott Shaw.
Joan Leslie's singing voice was partially dubbed by Sally Sweetland.
Directors Quentin Tarantino and Ron Silver make cameo appearances as film directors at a pair of interesting auditions.
The film was released in the Hong Kong on 1 February 1997.
An article is then written for the campus newspaper by a fellow student, Gwen Pearson, played by Reid, bringing to light Van Wilder's college life.
Kardar was one of the most famous Bombay film directors in the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s; and actor M. Ismael's film career spanned over five decades.
The concert took place at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum on August 20, 1972.
Jungle 2 Jungle's plot follows the original film fairly closely, with the biggest difference being the change in location from Paris to New York.
She used the story of a young woman finding her sexual identity to explore the social construction of gender roles and heteronormativity.
When Hahn joined the project, he was dissatisfied with the script and the story was promptly rewritten.
Suzuki was blacklisted and did not make another feature film for 10 years but became a counterculture hero.
Prick Up Your Ears is a 1987 British film, directed by Stephen Frears, about the playwright Joe Orton and his lover Kenneth Halliwell.
Starring Harrison Ford, it was the first installment in the Indiana Jones film franchise to be released, though it is the second in internal chronological order.
Dinosaurs are a varied group of animals from taxonomic, morphological and ecological standpoints.
The Man with Two Brains is a 1983 American science fiction comedy film directed by Carl Reiner and starring Steve Martin and Kathleen Turner.
You're Darn Tootin' is a 1928 Laurel & Hardy silent comedy short, produced by Hal Roach.
Cadfan ap Iago succeeds his father Iago ap Beli, as king of Gwynedd.
The film, shot in 1921 and released in 1922, was an unauthorized adaptation of Bram Stoker's Dracula.
The widescreen cinematography was by Tonino Delli Colli, and the acclaimed film score was by Ennio Morricone.
Based on the novel by Einar Thorvaldson, the film was released in December 31, 1932.
It was released on a very limited number of screens on October 29 of the same year, and grossing $11,130, is considered to have failed commercially.
The Triplets of Belleville is a 2003 animated comedy film written and directed by Sylvain Chomet.
Based on the 1963 stage play of the same name by Anita Rowe Block, the film was written, produced and directed by Nelson's father, Ozzie Nelson.
This film was the first major motion picture project for Duff apart from the film spinoff of her Lizzie McGuire TV series.
After his daughter is murdered at the hands of several gang members, Kersey is once again forced to become a vigilante.
"Chhod Aaye Hum" was the first Hindi film song sung by the now famous Indian singer KK.
It was adapted from the children's book written by author/illustrator Robert Lawson and first published in 1939.
As a man devoid of identity, some of the villagers refer to Gagin as "the man with no place."
This explains the similar plotlines between Rambo and MIA.
It is in black-and-white and runs 103 minutes.
It was co-written by Anderson and Owen Wilson.
Nevertheless, the film received multiple nominations for major awards and performed decently at the box office.
It was shot in rural England using naturalistic colours.
A Man and a Woman had a total of 4,272,000 admissions in France and was also the 6th highest-grossing film of the year.
With Fire and Sword is a 1999 Polish historical drama film directed by Jerzy Hoffman.
Her third film recounts the Seventh Party Rally of the Nazi Party, which occurred in Nuremberg in 1935, and focuses on the German army.
It's frequently described as a "Horror/Western/War/Action/Sci-fi" movie, as it covers all of those genres in different episodes.
It stars Oliver Reed, Ian McShane and Jill St. John and was based on the 1970 novel by Laurence Henderson.
It also won a French César Award for Best Foreign Film.
The story follows the young Emishi prince Ashitaka's involvement in a struggle between the gods of a forest and the humans who consume its resources.
Freddy does not know that Nancy Thompson is training the patients to control their dream powers in order to fight back against the undead killer.
La Boum is a 1980 French comedy film directed by Claude Pinoteau and starring Sophie Marceau, appearing in her film début.
In the end Adams proves his innocence.
Consequently, hours of finished material was cut from the final release, including cameo roles from Erin Brockovich, Minnie Driver, Isla Fisher, Kelsey Grammer, and Edward Norton.
The film did not receive advance screenings upon its release, and fared weakly among critics.
A unique aspect of the film is that most of the dialogues exchanged by the protagonists of the film are rhyming.
It was photographed in Super Panavision 70 and Technicolor by Joseph MacDonald, with original music by Quincy Jones.
Directed by Samson Chiu, the film stars Hong Kong actresses Michelle Reis and Theresa Lee together with Singaporean actress Fann Wong.
Vegas Vacation became the first theatrical Vacation film not to carry the National Lampoon label or a screenwriting credit from John Hughes.
Comics writers Jean "Moebius" Giraud and Jean-Claude Mézières, whose comics provided inspiration for parts of the film, were hired for production design.
On November 23, 1999, the original soundtrack was released by the Atlantic Records label.
This is the second film in the series, and the first to feature Dynamit-Harry, who would replace Rocky in all the following films in the series.
The Car is a 1977 American thriller film directed by Elliot Silverstein and written by Michael Butler, Dennis Shryack and Lane Slate.
It is a co-production between companies in France, Belgium and Luxembourg and animated at Rija Films' studio in Latvia and Studio Exist in Hungary.
Two different scripts were prepared for the film, and the one written by Simon Kinberg was selected; the other script featured a radically different plot.
Nirupa Roy, Pran and Jeevan played supporting roles.
The film details the deteriorating state of an impoverished Gary neighborhood terrorized by a street gang called the Rebels.
The recurring character Ronnie Dobbs is the focal point of the movie.
Alice Diabo, 74, a Mohawk elder from Kahnawake, Quebec,
The film spawned an animated television series that Burton produced and a planned unproduced sequel, Beetlejuice Goes Hawaiian.
Songcatcher is a 2000 drama film directed by Maggie Greenwald.
Cube is a Canadian psychological thriller horror film series.
It was also represented as an episode of the show on 30 Years of The Comic Strip.
Adams, Mad Jack, and Nakoma helped myriad mountain visitors while protecting wildlife at the same time.
The film was released by Paramount Pictures.
Charlie was rescheduled as Operation Wigwam, a deep-water shot conducted in 1955 off the California coast.
Very Bad Things is a 1998 American black comedy film directed by Peter Berg.
The Marrying Kind is a 1952 comedy-drama film directed by George Cukor, starring Aldo Ray and Judy Holliday.
The Incredibles is a 2004 American computer-animated superhero film written and directed by Brad Bird, produced by Pixar Animation Studios, and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
The film was directed by Randall Wallace and stars Mel Gibson.
Schmid subsequently co-authored a book that tells the story of the making of 23 and also details the differences between the movie and the actual events.
It is centred on greyhound racing in a Catholic community after the intercommunal "Troubles" have ended but where their legacy remains strong.
Its success prompted other filmmakers to be more open in presenting sex and violence in their films.
The story about the German occupation of Greece and the resistance by the Greeks.
The Sixth Sense is a 1999 American supernatural horror-thriller film written and directed by M. Night Shyamalan.
The film also features Lyle Talbot, Humphrey Bogart, Allen Jenkins and Edward Arnold.
The film was released in the Hong Kong on 9 January 1976.
After a conversation with his friend he mutters under his breath that he would sell his soul to the Devil to go out with Laurie.
The Glass Wall is a 1953 American black-and-white drama film noir directed by Maxwell Shane and starring Vittorio Gassman and Gloria Grahame.
A remake of Sister Act is in the works.
August began adapting the novel while producers negotiated with Steven Spielberg who planned to direct after finishing Minority Report.
Basic Instinct 2 is a 2006 erotic thriller film and the sequel to 1992's Basic Instinct.
The movie received mixed reviews from critics.
Some feel The Icicle Thief was created as a spoof of neorealism, which predominated Italian cinema after World War II.
Sobriety has more specific meanings within specific contexts, such as the culture of many substance use recovery programs, law enforcement, and some schools of psychology.
Son of Kong is a 1933 American Pre-Code adventure monster film produced by RKO Pictures.
It was adapted from an anonymous short story of the same title, which was circulated by means of numerous carbon copies.
The Flowers of St. Francis is a 1950 film directed by Roberto Rossellini and co-written by Federico Fellini.
The DVD and VHS of the film was released on December 26, 2005.
It was his second film after Une Visite in 1955 but it is considered his "first short film of any real consequence".
Like the others, it stars William Powell and Myrna Loy as Nick and Nora Charles, characters created by Dashiell Hammett.
The sequel was produced by Cannon Films, which had purchased the rights to the Death Wish concept from Dino De Laurentiis.
It stars Larry Olsen, Billy Gray, and Renee Beard, younger brother of original Our Ganger Matthew "Stymie" Beard.
The Mingxing Film Company production was released in 19 feature-length parts between 1928 and 1931.
The music follows a distinct E major pattern, and most chapters of the story feature the same melodic theme.
There was however a tie-in video game produced.
Summer of '42 is a 1971 American coming-of-age comedy-drama film based on the memoirs of screenwriter Herman Raucher.
The Fog was Carpenter's first theatrical film after the success of his 1978 horror film Halloween, which also starred Jamie Lee Curtis.
Released in 1979 from New World Pictures, the film initially received mixed reviews from critics.
It stars Pirkka-Pekka Petelius as Nils Lepistö and Vesa Vierikko as Jakob Ervasti.
A mute print of A Plantation Act was eventually found in the Library of Congress, mislabeled as a preview for The Jazz Singer.
The performance was recorded on videotape in September 1980 and transferred to film.
Mamadou is a common given name in West Africa.
Spirited Away is frequently ranked among the greatest animated films.
It was distributed in Canadian theaters by Alliance.
Vitaphone track survive incomplete at UCLA Film and Television Archive.
The islands of Rab, Krk and Cres become major food suppliers for the surviving cities of the mainland.
The Incredibles was met with high critical acclaim, garnering high marks from professional critics, and provoking commentary on its themes.
Julia Roberts received a record $25 million for her performance the highest ever earned by an actress at that time.
Nowhere in Africa is a 2001 German film that was written and directed by Caroline Link.
This co-stars of this film include Kevin Thompson, Joe Estevez and Robert Z'Dar.
Batman: Mask of the Phantasm is a 1993 American animated neo-noir superhero mystery film featuring the DC Comics character Batman.
Mondays in the Sun is a 2002 Spanish drama film directed by Fernando León de Aranoa, starring Javier Bardem, Luis Tosar and José Ángel Egido.
Followers of the American Indian Movement seized the South Dakota town of Wounded Knee in protest against federal government policy regarding Native Americans.
Film distributor Troma Entertainment retitled the film Blood Sucking Freaks upon their acquisition of it.
The film was directed by Antoine Fuqua.
The Thin Man Goes Home is a 1945 motion picture directed by Richard Thorpe.
The project was a co-production of RKO and the Office of the Coordinator of Inter-American Affairs that was later terminated by RKO.
The Porter is a 2004 film directed by Jan Wentz.
Forbidden Games, is a 1952 French war drama film directed by René Clément and based on François Boyer's novel Jeux Interdits.
Hana-bi is the Japanese word for "fireworks."
The domestic release of Not One Less was accompanied by a Chinese government campaign aimed at promoting the film and cracking down on piracy.
It is Lou's third film after Weekend Lover and Suzhou River.
It is based on the life and writings of Tenzin Gyatso, the 14th Dalai Lama, the exiled political and spiritual leader of Tibet.
There are numerous subplots, and the movie is essentially split up into various chapters, each dealing with different episodes.
The film, starring Robert Mitchum, Barbara Bel Geddes, and Robert Preston has many film noir elements.
Once finished, any profits raised by The 1 Second Film will be donated to the Global Fund for Women, an independent charity.
In 1981, the LAPD Chief of Police Daryl Gates wrote a letter demanding the film not be shown again in L.A.
The story is by David Bakalar, and the screenplay is by Jim Jermanok and Steve Jermanok.
Upon viewing the reels, Monroe is appalled by the team's actions, and after learning their fate, he objects to the station's intent to air the documentary.
Polanski's first feature film, it features three characters in a story of rivalry and sexual tension.
The film stars Om Puri, Tabu, Chandrachur Singh and Jimmy Shergill in the lead roles.
His son Kenta Fukasaku, who wrote the screenplay for both films, completed the film and dedicated it to his father.
The film's plot concerns the attempt by Darryl Revok, a renegade scanner, to wage a war against ConSec.
As Presley's movie debut, it was the only time in his acting career that he did not receive top billing.
The director himself appears as the man in the last stage of life.
It went on to earn $23 million domestically; as Canada's highest-grossing film during 1985, it won a Golden Reel Award.
Critters 4 is a 1992 American science fiction comedy horror film starring Don Keith Opper, Terrence Mann, Angela Bassett and Brad Dourif.
Mrs Henderson Presents is a 2005 British biographical film written by American playwright Martin Sherman and directed by Stephen Frears.
The tourists thus become somewhat dehumanized by the filmmaker's camera even as they themselves dehumanize and exoticize even the most mundane aspects of Sepik River life.
Twisted Nerve is a 1968 British-American psychological thriller film directed by Roy Boulting and starring Hywel Bennett, Hayley Mills, Billie Whitelaw and Frank Finlay.
Get Ready to Be Boyzvoiced is a 2000 Norwegian mockumentary about a fictional boy band called Boyzvoice.
It was written by Lori Lansens, and directed by Robert Boyd.
King, Malcolm X, Andy Warhol, Al Capp, Muddy Waters, Sha Na Na and Al Goldstein.
It was written by cartoonist Horst von Möllendorff and animated by Hans Fischerkoesen.
Critics have noted similarities between the movie and Jean-Pierre Melville's 1967 film Le Samouraï.
The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay—a rare honor for a Western.
The film also won the title of Best Animated Short at Siggraph 2002 in San Antonio.
Dismissed by both critics and Preminger as insignificant upon its release in 1965, the film received a strong review by critic Andrew Sarris.
The film was produced and directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Tony Kushner and Eric Roth.
It has been cited as an important influence on the films of both David Lynch and George A. Romero.
It was the first film to be directed solely by Oz, as he previously co-directed The Dark Crystal with Henson.
It was written by Steve Smith, the actor who plays Red Green.
The original version of the film remains unreleased.
Supporting player Peter Falk was nominated for an Academy Award but George Chakiris won that year for West Side Story.
The film was not widely distributed and coasted into notability mainly because of Lauper's involvement.
The film was theatrically released on 28 October 2005 in the UK and on 27 January 2006 in the US by Universal Pictures.
The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert is a 1994 Australian comedy-drama film written and directed by Stephan Elliott.
Originally titled The Eagle Squadron, it is based on a story by "Melville Crossman", the pen name for 20th Century Fox studio chief Darryl F. Zanuck.
It was created at the Chaplin Studio.
A direct-to-video sequel, Save the Last Dance 2, was released in 2006.
Flashdance opened to negative reviews by professional critics, but was a surprise box office success, becoming the third highest-grossing film of 1983 in the United States.
Les Uns et les Autres is a 1981 French film by Claude Lelouch.
Cry Freetown is a 2000 documentary film directed by Sorious Samura.
White Noise is a 2005 supernatural horror thriller film, directed by Geoffrey Sax.
Fanny and Alexander is frequently listed among Bergman's greatest works.
Simon changed the main character's name to Georgia Hines for the film adaptation; the character was named Evy Meara in the stage version.
To date, the film has been shown primarily at film festivals and never received a wide release for mainstream distribution.
The movie presents Powell and Loy as Dashiell Hammett's characters Nick and Nora Charles.
Gozu is a 2003 Japanese anthology horror film directed by Takashi Miike and written by Sakichi Sato.
Fourteen months later, Bond is released as part of a prisoner exchange.
The screenplay was written by Phoebe Ephron and Henry Ephron from the 1955 play, The Desk Set, by William Marchant.
Modern critics have also praised it as a historically significant film and an important work of satire.
It was adapted from the 1947 novel of the same name by Anthony Thorne.
The group releases recordings through Constellation, an independent record label also located in Montreal.
Chaplin's film advanced a stirring, controversial condemnation of Adolf Hitler, Benito Mussolini, fascism, antisemitism and the Nazis.
While the film was produced in 2001 it was released direct-to-video in 2003.
The school's headmaster takes Shlomi under his wing, and Shlomi blossoms.
The film stars Sylvester Stallone and Estelle Getty.
The film was written, produced, and performed in English although it is a Spanish production.
It was also nominated for a Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, once again losing to Raiders of the Lost Ark.
Erickson and George Hamilton, directed by Peter Medak, that stars George Hamilton, Lauren Hutton, Ron Leibman, and Brenda Vaccaro.
The cast includes Daniel Stern and John Heard and features early appearances by both John Goodman and Jay Thomas as police officers.
It follows an American pilot who joins the Royal Air Force during a period when the United States was still neutral.
Columbia Pictures had planned to produce a film adaptation of Barris's memoir of the same name in the late 1980s.
Its plot, as in many of Tarantino's other works, is presented out of chronological order.
It was released in 1957 on a double bill with Cat Girl.
The film was released by American International Pictures.
This version introduced most audiences outside Japan to the character and labeled Godzilla as the "King of the Monsters".
Trouble Every Day is a 2001 French erotic horror film directed by Claire Denis and written by Denis and Jean-Pol Fargeau.
The plot of the film is loosely based on the Arthur Conan Doyle short story "A Scandal in Bohemia".
It grossed over $80 million worldwide from these two theatrical releases and was a critical and financial success.
Over 20 minutes of footage was deleted in the final cut.
A television series based on the film, produced by Jerry Bruckheimer, was announced in August of 2015 and premiered February 2, 2017 on CBS.
The film starred Michelle St. John as Amelia, a young Kainai girl captured and confined to the residential school system of the 1930s.
It stars Kim Basinger as Elizabeth McGraw and Mickey Rourke as John Gray.
A 2000 inventory indicated that approximately 50,000 feet of It's All True had been preserved, with approximately 130,045 feet of the deteriorating nitrate not yet preserved.
These plans, however, were cancelled due to the company's closure and Kino Entertainment instead took the rights.
Bollywood/Hollywood is a 2002 Canadian film by Indo-Canadian director Deepa Mehta.
The film is about Diane Downs and the murder and attempted murder of her three children.
Enlarged to Show Detail 2 was certified as a Gold selling video by the RIAA.
Blue in the Face is a 1995 American comedy film directed by Wayne Wang and Paul Auster.
He takes power in his native Deira and in Bernicia.
The Dickson Experimental Sound Film is a film made by William Dickson in late 1894 or early 1895.
McGraw is a New York City art gallery employee who has a brief yet intense affair with a mysterious Wall Street broker.
Reagan used that line as the title of his 1965 autobiography.
It is set in South Africa in 1976 and deals with the subject of apartheid.
The film premiered at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival and was released limited on September 1, 2006.
It is the sixth feature film based on Star Trek, and a sequel to the 1966–1969 Star Trek television series.
The film opened at the Odeon Leicester Square in London's West End on 7 February 1963.
It inspired a theatrical sequel, a television series, and a holiday direct-to-video film.
Lasseter collected snow globes and also enjoyed souvenirs from distant places and those elements made their way into the short as well.
Clint Eastwood plays the title role, in his first outing as San Francisco Police Department Inspector "Dirty" Harry Callahan.
Sandra Oh and Virginia Madsen also star.
The film was dubbed in Tamil as Thee Pori.
Preceding its theatrical run, the film was generally met with mixed to positive critical reviews before its initial screening in cinemas.
The original edition soundtrack is a complete performance of Glagolitic Mass by the Czech composer Leoš Janáček.
The film was completed in 1984, but not released until February 1986.
It is one of the highest-grossing films in Malayalam film history.
Marty decides to travel to 1885 to rescue Doc.
It was adapted by William Wisher Jr., Caleb Carr, and Alexi Hawley and was directed by Renny Harlin.
The film won awards in many film festivals, including Best Actor for Mullan at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival.
Although the film's credits include a 1957 copyright statement for G.B.M.
It stars Bill Pullman as "the world's most private detective", Daryl Zero, and Ben Stiller as his assistant Steve Arlo.
Fellini has called La Strada "a complete catalogue of my entire mythological world, a dangerous representation of my identity that was undertaken with no precedent whatsoever."
Robin and Marian was filmed in Zamora, Spain and marked Hepburn's return to the screen after an eight-year absence.
Veidt became a major film star the year after Anders was released, in The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari.
Produced on a small budget of ₤410 million, the film earned several times its production costs back in international gross.
Lady on a Train is a 1945 film noir crime film directed by Charles David and starring Deanna Durbin, Ralph Bellamy, and David Bruce.
Most eastern states and jurisdictions in Canada require owners to fence in or herd their livestock.
The film was directed by John Huston, and starred Humphrey Bogart, Jennifer Jones and Gina Lollobrigida, and featured Robert Morley, Peter Lorre and Bernard Lee.
AnimEigo released a boxset of the first four films in the United States in 2009 under the title "Tora-san".
Lee Strasberg, Jeffrey Tambor, Christine Lahti, Craig T. Nelson, and Thomas Waites appear in supporting roles.
"The politicians want to see it as black and white, good and evil, and art wants to see it as a human thing."
Life and Debt is a 2001 American documentary film directed by Stephanie Black.
Vai que é Mole is a 1960 Brazilian film directed by J.
Some of the themes addressed in the film are the lack of communication between teenagers and their parents and the inauthenticity of suburbia.
It was the screen debut of Grace Kelly and Jeffrey Hunter, who appeared in small roles.
The Air I Breathe is the 2007 directorial film debut of Korean-American filmmaker Jieho Lee, who co-wrote the script with Bob DeRosa.
Both the movie and the book emphasize the importance of pop-art and in particular, pop music, for the youth of East Berlin.
The film is meant to be a cautionary tale about the alleged affects of internet pornography addiction on teenage boys.
Never Die Alone is a 2004 crime thriller film directed by Ernest R. Dickerson.
While it received negative reviews from critics, the film was a box office success, grossing $70 million against its $19 million budget, and spawned three sequels.
The film's main character, Edward Wilson, is loosely based on James Jesus Angleton and Richard M. Bissell.
Both Orlova and her co-star, the jazz singer and comic actor Leonid Utyosov, were propelled to stardom after this movie.
also stars Moses Gunn, Drew Bundini Brown, Joseph Mascolo, Julius Harris, and Joe Santos.
Heart Like a Wheel is a 1983 biographical film directed by Jonathan Kaplan and based on the life of drag racing driver Shirley Muldowney.
Male and Female is a 1919 American silent adventure/drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille and starring Gloria Swanson and Thomas Meighan.
The film was followed by the direct-to-video sequel Starship Troopers 3: Marauder in 2008.
Together, they rally the fairies and the animals of the rainforest to protect their home from the loggers and a malevolent pollution entity, Hexxus.
It presents a highly fictionalized alternate history narrative of the events leading to the Fall of Constantinople.
Virtuosity is a 1995 American science fiction action film directed by Brett Leonard, and starring Denzel Washington and Russell Crowe.
Very Nice, Very Nice is a 7-minute-long avant-garde collage film made by Arthur Lipsett in 1961, and produced by the National Film Board of Canada.
While his range of criminal activities expanded, he began to make mistakes.
It received two Academy Awards, but was not nominated for best picture.
Released on June 12, 1981, Raiders of the Lost Ark became the year's top-grossing film and remains one of the highest-grossing films ever made.
trilogy that continued Muñez's story through the sequels Goal II: Living the Dream and Goal!
The film was directed by Tamra Davis, co-written by Chappelle and Neal Brennan and produced by Robert Simonds.
The film was an international co-production among companies in Canada, Italy, and the United Kingdom.
Batman Forever is a 1995 American superhero film directed by Joel Schumacher and produced by Tim Burton, based on the DC Comics character Batman.
Though this was presumed to be the ending of the series, a sixth film, Rocky Balboa, was released in 2006 and garnered much more favorable reviews.
The film describes T'ien's experiences with his loyal roommate and his friends, and a surprising relationship that he develops with the local "Playboy".
When Harry Met Sally... grossed a total of US$92.8 million in North America.
An unfinished film component of a stage production, the film was made three years before Welles directed Citizen Kane, but it was never publicly screened.
This marked the first film of Scott.
The film tells the stories of five Hungarian Jews during the Shoah.
Vonnegut himself served as an "advisor and contributor to the script."
Led Zeppelin were also originally considered but the idea was also dropped.
It will be released on June 8, 2018.
Dana Hill and Jason Lively replace Dana Barron and Anthony Michael Hall as Griswald children Audrey and Rusty.
They Live has since become a cult film.
Aguirre was the first of five collaborations between Herzog and the volatile Kinski.
The original music score is by David Newman.
The Notorious Bettie Page is a 2005 biographical film directed by Mary Harron.
Escape from the Planet of the Apes is a 1971 science fiction film directed by Don Taylor and written by Paul Dehn.
The original music was by Johnny Green and the cinematography by Joseph Ruttenberg.
The film tells the story of surly oil-rig worker Bobby Dupea, whose seemingly rootless blue-collar existence belies his privileged youth as a piano prodigy.
The cast also features Helen Hunt, Dan Aykroyd, Elizabeth Berkley, John Schuck, Wallace Shawn, David Ogden Stiers and Charlize Theron.
Upon release the film received positive reviews, and emerged as a blockbuster.
Born Free, and its musical score by John Barry, won numerous awards.
It stars Christopher Lee as Count Dracula, along with Dennis Waterman, Jenny Hanley, Patrick Troughton, and Michael Gwynn.
DuckTales the Movie: Treasure of the Lost Lamp is a 1990 animated adventure comedy fantasy film based on the animated television series DuckTales.
Nothing So Strange is a 2002 American mockumentary film written, produced and directed by Brian Flemming in the style of an "independent documentary".
Sound was recorded conventionally using the RCA System.
The film is frequently regarded as the first in the director’s final creative period, "the major prototype of the [director's] 1950s and 1960s work."
Other supporting cast were Frances Dee, Cedric Hardwicke, Billie Burke, Alison Skipworth, Nigel Bruce, and Alan Mowbray.
The film was shot in London and Shepperton, and produced by New Line Cinema.
In 1996, Woodstock was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
Get Carter is a 1971 British crime film directed by Mike Hodges and starring Michael Caine, Ian Hendry, Britt Ekland, John Osborne and Bryan Mosley.
It stars Harrison Ford and Michelle Pfeiffer as a well-to-do couple who experience a strange haunting that uncovers secrets about their past.
The film marked a historic benchmark in the film industry in India.
The project was released on DVD as Warnings by WL on June 23, 2003 and as Silent Warnings by Universal on August 26, 2003.
"Scraps" was the hero in this film, as he helps Charlie and Edna toward a better life.
As of 2017, Quick Change is the only directorial credit of Bill Murray's career.
Edison Studios was an American film production organization, owned by companies controlled by inventor and entrepreneur, Thomas Edison.
The film is known for its musical score composed by John Barry.
Although she saves some of them, Death begins hunting for the survivors.
The movie was released on November 5, 2004 in South Korea.
The Flesh Eaters is a 1964 American horror/science fiction thriller, directed on a low budget by Jack Curtis and edited by future filmmaker Radley Metzger.
Not to be confused with Heart of Darkness, a film version of the original novel on which Apocalypse Now is based.
Fatty's Tintype Tangle is a 1915 comedy short film.
However, a record producer betrays him and steals his music to open his rock palace, The Paradise.
Bitter Rice is a 1949 Italian film made by Lux Film, written and directed by Giuseppe De Santis.
The film stars Frazier, Cara Buono, Susan Egan, Dwight Ewell and Anthony Rapp.
The film was supported by the Adelaide Film Festival Investment Fund and opened the 2005 Adelaide Film Festival.
Bartley and Ó Briain shot more than 200 hours of material; editing focused on identifying footage that would make the film entertaining and drive the plot.
On the other hand, the film has also been regarded as a cult classic.
The series was a regional success, but only a moderate success throughout the rest of the country.
The film essentially highlights the exploitation of Wuornos by those around her and questions the fairness of her trial, given the vested interests of the police.
The film is credited with originating the name and popularity of the babydoll nightgown, which derives from the costume worn by Baker's character.
Despite a poorly received preview screening, Sweet Smell of Success has greatly improved in stature over the years.
The opening of the film makes direct reference to the events of A Christmas Story, and the ending narration strongly parallels it.
The musical score was composed and conducted by Malcolm Arnold.
Live A Little, Love A Little is a 1968 American musical comedy film starring Elvis Presley.
Simon, King of the Witches is a 1971 film directed by Bruce Kessler and starring Andrew Prine.
Mohr performs both the voice of Paulie and the on-screen supporting role of Benny, a character who has a lot of dialogue with Paulie.
It stars Steve McQueen, Robert Vaughn, and Jacqueline Bisset.
It depicts eight young people living in the district of Panier, in Marseille.
The Body Snatcher is a 1945 horror film directed by Robert Wise based on the short story The Body Snatcher by Robert Louis Stevenson.
David Battley appears briefly as the Executioner.
Drawing Restraint 9 premiered at the 62nd Venice Film Festival and was screened at the Toronto International Film Festival in September 2005.
Cube gained notoriety for its surreal atmosphere and Kafkaesque setting, with the industrial, cube-shaped room design and concept.
Production problems plagued the film on set and during location shooting in Yosemite National Park and the Mojave Desert.
Rosewood is a 1997 American historical fiction drama film directed by John Singleton.
It was shot during February 1929 and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer on May 18 of that year.
The story is set 28 miles outside London in Rockingham, as a sign on the railroad station states.
The film was released in the United States on January 18, 2002 by Walt Disney Pictures.
The opening credits are shown on a series of Christmas cards, which turn out to be concealing a gun.
It was directed by Amy Heckerling; its four screenwriters included Bernie Kukoff and Jeff Harris.
Other members of the cast include Danny Aiello, Ossie Davis, Ruby Dee, Richard Edson, Giancarlo Esposito, Bill Nunn, John Turturro, and Samuel L. Jackson.
The film was panned by film critics, scoring 6% at Rotten Tomatoes.
Simon's next release, I Ought to Be in Pictures, was released just six months later, and its plot was similar.
The Dirty Dozen is a 1967 American war film directed by Robert Aldrich, released by MGM, and starring Lee Marvin.
It starred Carol Lynley, Warren Berlinger and newcomer Burt Brinckerhoff in the lead male role.
The Disney package films of the late 1940s helped finance Cinderella, and subsequent others, such as Alice in Wonderland and Peter Pan.
The success of this film prompted director Johnnie To to cast Gigi Leung and Takeshi Kaneshiro again in his 2003 film Turn Left Turn Right.
On September 29, 2000, the film's soundtrack was released by Walt Disney Records.
It was followed by Child's Play 3.
By the time the film entered production, Piers Haggard had replaced him.
The film's story takes place in 2005, 20 years after the events of the TV series' second season, and serves to bridge into the third season.
It made money and this and that, but it really is not me anymore.
It was the first musical nominated for Best Picture in 10 years, following Disney's Beauty and the Beast.
Nostalghia is a 1983 Soviet/Italian film, directed by Andrei Tarkovsky and starring Oleg Yankovsky, Domiziana Giordano and Erland Josephson.
O'Neal had written the script as a murder mystery, set in California, that followed a woman hunted by a serial killer.
Released on 7 February, 1997, the film was successful at the box office.
A book of the film was released containing the story and stills from the film.
Bayside Shakedown: The Movie is a 1998 Japanese police drama / comedy film.
He Got Game is a 1998 American sports drama film written, produced and directed by Spike Lee and starring Denzel Washington.
The film is widely considered to be a milestone of its genre, earning praise from critics for its grandeur and attention to detail.
The film was released on June 22, 2005 and grossed over $144 million worldwide.
The film was later adapted for a television series for two seasons on the USA Network.
The film follows the story of an American master chemist who heads to Britain to sell his formula for a powerful new drug.
It was followed in 1989 by C.H.U.D.
The film is set in ancient Sicily, Carthage, and Cirta during the period of the Second Punic War.
Several of the minor roles are played by actors later featured in The Sopranos.
Reversal of Fortune is a 1990 film adapted from the 1985 book Reversal of Fortune: Inside the von Bülow Case, written by law professor Alan Dershowitz.
The film is a very direct spoof of James Bond films, and stars Chow, Anita Yuen, and Law Kar-ying.
The majority of filming took place at Seaside, Florida, a master-planned community located in the Florida Panhandle.
The film was shot in and around Los Angeles, California.
A CGI live-action remake of the film directed by Jon Favreau is scheduled for a July 19, 2019 release in the United States.
It was written by Larry Levin, one of the co-writers of Dr. Dolittle, and directed by Steve Carr.
It was followed by two sequels, Maniac Cop 2 and Maniac Cop III: Badge of Silence.
The film used plot elements from Michael Ende's novel The Neverending Story but introduced a new storyline.
Charly is a 1968 American science fiction drama film, directed and produced by Ralph Nelson, and written by Stirling Silliphant.
It was nominated for seven Academy Awards and won four, including Best Picture and Best Original Screenplay.
Despite its lackluster box office performance, Donnie Darko received critical acclaim.
Independently produced by Jeremy Thomas, it was directed by Bertolucci and released in 1987 by Columbia Pictures.
The film made over US$6,000,000, more than twice the budget of the film, in its opening weekend.
On its initial release, Hard Target was a financial success but received mixed reviews from film critics.
Les Boys is a 1997 Quebec-made comedy film directed by Louis Saia.
The producers were inspired by Goldfinger; as with that film, Guy Hamilton was hired to direct, and Shirley Bassey performs vocals on the title theme song.
Space Riders is a 1984 British sports drama film directed by Joe Massot starring Grand Prix motorcycle racing world champion Barry Sheene as himself.
Later it was also revealed that Norberg had used money from his robberies to help finance the production.
A 35mm print of the film was discovered in South Africa and restored in 2003.
The name is taken from a 1972 hit song by Three Dog Night, which reached No.
Bastard out of Carolina is a 1996 film made by Showtime Networks, directed by Anjelica Huston.
American Pimp is a 1999 documentary that examines the pimp subculture in the United States.
For a Few Dollars More is a 1965 Italian-Spanish spaghetti Western film directed by Sergio Leone.
It is widely considered to be one of Shah Rukh Khan's best performances, and he has said that it is his favorite film.
The Rescuers is a 1977 American animated comedy-drama adventure film produced by Walt Disney Productions and first released on June 22, 1977, by Buena Vista Distribution.
They recorded and performed on Motowns' recordings from 1959 to 1972.
Local authorities in three cities banned Scarlet Street early in 1946 because of its dark plot and themes.
It was nominated for Academy Awards for Best Screenplay, Best Art Direction and Best Costume Design.
The Little Fox, known in Hungary as Vuk, is a 1981 Hungarian animated film produced by Pannónia Filmstúdió, based on the novel Vuk by István Fekete.
Melvin and Howard) is a 1980 American comedy-drama film directed by Jonathan Demme.
The film was directed by Joe Johnston and Pixote Hunt and Glenn Chaika, and produced by David Kirschner and Paul Gertz.
The film became average at the box office and was inspired by the Julia Roberts thriller Sleeping with the Enemy.
Les Visiteurs is a French fantasy comedy film directed by Jean-Marie Poiré and released in 1993.
In 1993, the film won the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival.
It depicts Darth Vader's ongoing quest to seek out and destroy any Jedi who may have escaped the great purge years ago.
The film was selected as the Polish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 61st Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
A fourth film in the series, an adaptation of Horse Under Water, also to be released by United Artists, was tentatively planned but never made.
The film and TV series portrayed the fictional Grizzly Adams as a frontier woodsman who fled into the mountains after he was wrongly accused of murder.
New York Minute reunited Mary-Kate and Ashley with their Full House co-star, Bob Saget.
It is based on the novel Secret of the Ron Mor Skerry, by Rosalie K. Fry.
This was followed by a 1976 Australian Broadcasting Commission situation comedy television series titled Alvin Purple.
The Quiet is a 2005 American drama thriller film directed by Jamie Babbit and starring Camilla Belle and Elisha Cuthbert.
Beau Travail is a 1999 French movie directed by Claire Denis that is loosely based on Herman Melville's 1888 novella Billy Budd.
The leading role of the werewolf was Oliver Reed's first credited film appearance.
Ponette is a 1996 French film directed by Jacques Doillon.
Night Has a Thousand Eyes is a 1948 film noir, starring Edward G. Robinson and directed by John Farrow.
The film narrates the life of Divya Chandramouli, who is robbed of her carefree existence when she reluctantly marries Chandrakumar.
It was directed by Nicolas Gessner and Luciano Lucignani, and starred Sharon Tate, Vittorio Gassman, Orson Welles, Vittorio De Sica, and Tim Brooke-Taylor.
Paul, Sukumari, Baiju, Jagathy Sreekumar, Kuthiravattam Pappu, and Sreenivasan.
This gives her the opportunity both to fall into many misadventures and, of course, to sing.
The film, based on a newspaper article, had a limited theatrical release but has since achieved cult film status.
The film was directed by Daniel Mann, written by Hal Fimberg and Ben Starr, and starring James Coburn as master spy Derek Flint.
This was also Carrey's first role in a 20th Century Fox film.
This film ignited the next generation of Indian cinema and is acknowledged as a landmark in contemporary Indian cinema.
While undercover, Kimble discovers his passion for teaching and considers changing his profession to become an educator.
The film was also another big success for Demy in France with a total of 1,319,432 admissions.
Getting Even With Dad is a 1994 American comedy film starring Macaulay Culkin and Ted Danson.
The film received positive reviews to date, and was a massive success at the box office and home media sales.
It stars Kurt Russell and Kevin Costner with supporting roles Courteney Cox, David Arquette, Bokeem Woodbine, Christian Slater, and Kevin Pollak.
An earlier version of the story was broadcast as a television episode of Playhouse 90.
A dark vision of post-apocalyptic survival, the film was shot in black and white and contains only two words of dialogue.
The oldest, man-hauled railways date back to the 6th century BC, with Periander, one of the Seven Sages of Greece, credited with its invention.
Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna was promoted with the tag-line, "A Love.... That Broke All Relationships".
The Matthew Shepard Story was also shown on CTV, with language versions show in many countries.
It was written by Gray and Matt Reeves, and stars Mark Wahlberg, Joaquin Phoenix, Charlize Theron and James Caan.
Bond is assigned the task of following a general who is stealing jewels and relics from the Soviet government.
The film is based on Giulio Questi's Spaghetti Western film, Django Kill...
Written by Robert King, the film is about an American businessman on business in China who ends up wrongfully on trial for murder.
Continuing the plot of The Fellowship of the Ring, the film intercuts three storylines.
Because of its huge success, it started a trend where rappers are put into the mainstream of the porn industry by hosting X-rated movies.
In Which We Serve is a 1942 British patriotic war film directed by Noël Coward and David Lean.
After spying on her through a telescope, he meets and declares his love for this jaded woman who long ago gave up on believing in love.
This was Jim Dale's last Carry On appearance for 23 years until his return in Carry On Columbus.
The submersibles Mir 1 and Mir 2 carried the filming team on 12 dives.
Resurrection is currently the final installment in the original Halloween film series.
It satirizes the yakuza, who retaliated for their portrayal in the film by assaulting the director.
The documentary was faulted for misrepresentations and bigotry, and Robert Friedman accused Emerson of "creating mass hysteria against American Arabs."
6 on the American Film Institute's 100 Years...100 Laughs list.
When We Were Kings was released in 1996 to strong reviews, and won the 1996 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
The characters engage in several grotesque, bizarre and explicitly crude situations.
Airport '77 is a 1977 American air disaster film and the third installment of the Airport franchise.
It was filmed on location on the Lamington Plateau, Queensland.
It focuses on the theme of media responsibility, and also addresses what occurs when the media offer a voice of dissent from government policy.
Commentator Dr. Jerry Punch, of ESPN, has a cameo appearance, as does co-producer Don Simpson.
It was filmed at the University of Michigan.
Scott at one point refuses to speak until his viewers pledge an additional $600.
Since its release in 1989, Christmas Vacation has often been labeled as a modern Christmas classic.
After the war, all the fighters in Wales' group except for Wales surrender to Union officers, but they end up being massacred.
The film was screened in the Marché du Film section of the 2005 Cannes Film Festival.
The film grossed $26,154,211 in the United States.
The movie stars Vince Vaughn, Monica Potter, Joey Lauren Adams and Bobby Moat.
Subsequent films pair the duo with Invisible Man, Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, and the Mummy.
The film drew heavily from the conventions of Westerns, and is a defining example of the masala film, which mixes several genres in one work.
A Better Tomorrow 2 is known for its over the top violence, exaggerated blood and gore, and body counts nearing the hundreds.
It made over $26.4 million worldwide and debuted at number one at the box office.
The film won the 1981 Saturn Award for Best Horror Film and the inaugural Academy Award for Outstanding Achievement in Makeup.
It is the fourth and final installment in the Lethal Weapon series.
Equinox Flower is a 1958 color Japanese film directed by Yasujirō Ozu.
This film was directed by Jack Starrett.
Difficulties ensue as Scotland Yard become involved.
Although some critics felt the film was good family entertainment, it was met with a broadly negative response.
Hitchcock considered it to be one of his worst films and a disaster.
Renowned musician A.R.Rahman has scored the background music and soundtrack for the movie.
The film was released in the United States on March 6, 1964.
They later tried to stop the movie from being released.
Only Rounseville and Ayars sang their own roles.
The original music score is composed by David Newman.
The Blockhouse is a 1973 film, based on a novel by Jean-Paul Clébert.
The film was released in the United Kingdom as The Secret Four.
1 Night in Paris is a 2004 pornographic video depicting Paris Hilton having sexual intercourse in 2001 with Rick Salomon.
Rififi is a 1955 French crime film adaptation of Auguste Le Breton's novel of the same name.
The film received a limited theatrical release in North America on March 10, 2006.
It was written and narrated by Damon Fox.
The Eight Immortals Restaurant: The Untold Story is a 1993 Hong Kong crime-thriller film directed by Herman Yau and starring Danny Lee and Anthony Wong.
In 2006, Sex, Lies, and Videotape was added to the United States Library of Congress' National Film Registry as being deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
Released on March 31, 2000, The Road to El Dorado grossed $76.4 million worldwide on a $95 million budget.
To some extent, it is a modern, urban update of William Shakespeare's play, The Taming of the Shrew.
Subsequently, however, La Strada has become "one of the most influential films ever made", according to the American Film Institute.
One notable characteristic of Sadat was his speech pattern, which Ahmad Zaki captured strongly in his performance.
Passenger 57 is a 1992 American action film directed by Kevin Hooks.
The film was released to theaters on May 12, 1995.
The film won several awards, including the 2003 Sacramento French Film Festival Audience Prize.
It stars Jon Heder as the main character, Seth.
Jimmy Dean was the first of several feature adaptations of plays by Altman in the 1980s, after the director's departure from Hollywood.
The Wild Blue Yonder is a 2005 science fiction film by German director Werner Herzog.
The film's original title is Raging Thunder.
One of Our Aircraft is Missing finishes with the coat of arms of the Netherlands on screen, with the caption, "The Netherlands will rise again!
Living In Missouri is an award-winning indie film comedy about an emotionally maladjusted love triangle.
Robert Altman directed a version using the original title of the novel, Thieves Like Us.
For Your Consideration is a 2006 comedy film directed by Christopher Guest.
Mondo Trasho is a 1969 16mm mondo black comedy film by John Waters.
Wag the Dog is a 1997 black comedy film produced and directed by Barry Levinson.
tells the story of David, a childlike android uniquely programmed with the ability to love.
The film stars Macaulay Culkin and Elijah Wood.
is a 1982 American action comedy film directed by Walter Hill.
The Pod People is a 1983 French-Spanish science fiction film directed by Juan Piquer Simón.
Tunes of Glory is a 1960 British drama film directed by Ronald Neame, based on the novel and screenplay by James Kennaway.
The film marks Davis' last appearance as a contract actress for Warner, after eighteen years with the studio.
Sid James plays a prominent supporting role in which he is, unusually for him, a "good guy".
Two participants later became prominent personalities of the South Asian film industry: A.R.
It was released in the United States on March 15, 1996.
Originally Break of Hearts was intended as a vehicle for Hepburn and John Barrymore.
The film features series regulars Sid James, Kenneth Williams, Joan Sims, Bernard Bresslaw, Barbara Windsor, Kenneth Connor, Peter Butterworth and Hattie Jacques.
Many famous figures appear as themselves in the film, including Joan Baez, Lenny Bruce, Leonard Cohen, Tuli Kupferberg, Allen Ginsberg, Jimi Hendrix, B.B.
Monsieur Ibrahim is a 2003 French drama film starring Omar Sharif, and directed by François Dupeyron.
In 1960, he revived this project in Ireland as Chimes at Midnight, which was his final on-stage performance.
The film is set in colonial Sydney, New South Wales, Australia during the early 19th century.
One of his goals for the film was to set a new level for style in Hindi cinema.
The cast and crew include some veterans of Seinfeld's long-running NBC sitcom Seinfeld, including writer/producers Feresten and Robin, and actors Warburton, Michael Richards, and Larry Miller.
Filming was completed in 1981, but the film was not theatrically released until 1985.
Thompson's screenplay exaggerated the Dashwood family's wealth to make their later scenes of poverty more apparent to modern audiences.
It was later added as a segment to the 1977 film The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh.
r The soundtrack of the film was sung by Oliver Mtukudzi.
Modern Girls is a 1986 comedy film.
B. Tanko and starring Grande Otelo, Ankito and Jô Soares.
The film's premiere was held on 8 January 2002 in Paris, where filming had taken place.
The film stars Al Pacino, John Cazale, Charles Durning, Chris Sarandon, Penelope Allen, James Broderick, Lance Henriksen and Carol Kane.
Viva Las Vegas is a 1964 American musical film starring Elvis Presley and actress Ann-Margret.
Versions of the sketch are also shown by Swedish channels.
It was filmed in and around Pittsburgh.
Major Dundee was filmed in various locations in Mexico.
The film is set in Antarctica, but was filmed in Svalbard, Norway, Greenland, and British Columbia, Canada.
The Storm Riders is a 1998 Hong Kong wuxia fantasy film based on the manhua series Fung Wan by artist Ma Wing-shing.
It was the first and best known of Engel's three feature films.
The film is about Trevor Reznik, a machinist whose insomnia and psychological problems lead to a serious workplace accident involving a co-worker.
Dead Again was a moderate box office success and was positively received by the majority of critics.
In addition, this film doesn't retain any members from the original cast in leading roles although Vin Diesel does appear in the ending scene.
His song "There Won't Be Many Coming Home" is featured in the 2015 western film The Hateful Eight.
The film is extensively cut with scenes from older films and television shows.
is a 1968 Japanese comedy-chambara film directed by Kihachi Okamoto.
Love Me Tender is a 1956 American black-and-white CinemaScope motion picture directed by Robert D. Webb, and released by 20th Century Fox on November 15, 1956.
It stars comedian Joey de Leon as Batman, his son Keempee as Robin and Dawn Zulueta as Angelique Legarda.
The captain and first mate are veterans of the Unification War, having fought on the losing Independent side against the Alliance.
The film explores a wide range of philosophical issues including the nature of reality, dreams, consciousness, the meaning of life, free will, and existentialism.
A third sequel, On Stranger Tides, was released in 2011 and a fourth, Dead Men Tell No Tales, was released in 2017.
The motion picture bombed at the box-office on its release, bringing in only $2.2 million in receipts the following winter and spring of 1956.
The most famous song — "Kak mnogo devushek khoroshikh" — enjoyed international fame, covered as "Serdtse" by Pyotr Leshchenko.
It was adapted for the screen by Eski Thomas, and starred Christian Bale and John Hurt.
The film was released on 4 November 1994.
The concept was based on an imaginary friend Spielberg created after his parents' divorce in 1960.
In the body, the police finds a disconcerting cipher and starts an investigation.
The screenplay is by Frank Cottrell Boyce and is based on the book Natasha's Story by Michael Nicholson.
The film has since developed a cult following after being featured in a popular episode of the television show Mystery Science Theater 3000.
At the 2007 IIFA Awards, the film received nine nominations and won three, with one being Best Actor for Roshan.
This film is now in the public domain.
The film was written by Lenore J.
There are no acts, plot arcs or character development, as conventionally defined.
He uses the name Ram Jaane after meeting with a priest who in response to the kid asking about his name said Ram Jaane.
The box-office success led to a 2003 sequel, Red, White & Blonde, and a 2009 direct-to-DVD spin-off, Legally Blondes.
The film was directed by Mark Sandrich, was the film debut of Van Heflin, and the final film of David Manners.
Dracula does not appear in the film and is mentioned only twice, once in the prologue, once by Van Helsing.
Quatermass 2 is a sequel to Hammer's earlier film The Quatermass Xperiment.
The Delhi Way is a 1964 documentary about Delhi produced, written, photographed and directed by James Ivory.
The film stars Duane Martin, Tupac Shakur, Leon Robinson and Marlon Wayans.
The film, shot in black and white, starred the three most popular German-speaking comedians of the time—Heinz Rühmann, Hans Moser and Theo Lingen.
Mary of Scotland is a 1936 RKO film starring Katharine Hepburn as the 16th century ruler, Mary, Queen of Scots.
It continues the story of the character Antoine Doinel, whom Truffaut had previously depicted in The 400 Blows and the short film Antoine and Colette.
The film received negative reviews from critics and it earned $34,268,701 on a $41 million budget.
The film was released theatrically in some areas on a double bill with the Boris Karloff film Frankenstein 1970.
Eve Arden and Ann Miller, who became notable in later films, play minor characters.
Hollow Man is a 2000 American-German science fiction horror film directed by Paul Verhoeven and starring Kevin Bacon, Elisabeth Shue and Josh Brolin.
It won the Grand Prix at the 2001 Cabourg Film Festival.
The film tells the story of two young children marooned on a tropical island paradise in the South Pacific.
David Lynch and David Cronenberg were considered to direct the project before Marquand signed on as director.
Project Moonbase is a 1953 black-and-white science fiction film directed by Richard Talmadge.
He complains to the owner of the daycare that "happiness" is incorrectly spelled as "happyness" and needs to be changed.
The Lion King is a 1994 American animated epic musical film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation for Walt Disney Pictures.
The film stars Hanna Schygulla as Maria, whose marriage to the soldier Hermann remains unfulfilled due to World War II and his post-war imprisonment.
The film was originally pitched to TV networks, who rejected it as it lacked a villain, but was then shown in theaters instead.
The film won the Palme d'Or at the 1980 Cannes Film Festival.
Dreaming of Julia is a 2003 film directed by Juan Gerard.
Goodbye Uncle Tom is a 1971 Italian film directed by Mondo film documentary directors Gualtiero Jacopetti and Franco Prosperi with music by Riz Ortolani.
The film was shot in 1965 in the Utah desert, back-to-back with Hellman's similar western, Ride in the Whirlwind, which also starred Nicholson.
The background for Pokémon: Lucario and the Mystery of Mew was based on visits by Yuyama to Bavaria, Germany.
Hide-Out is a 1934 American comedy film directed by W. S. Van Dyke and starring Robert Montgomery and Maureen O'Sullivan.
It was written and directed by Karan Johar, and starred the popular on-screen pair of Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol in their fourth film together.
It is based on the novel Phileine zegt sorry by Ronald Giphart.
Several of Muhammad's followers begin to emigrate to the Aksumite Empire.
It is a remake of the 1978 Israeli film Eskimo Limon.
The film was shown twice more, publicly, on October 2, 2012 at the festival.
The cast was mostly teens, or young actors playing teens; The Beau Brummels, Freddy Cannon, and Mike Clifford make musical guest appearances.
The distributor, Yash Raj Films, promoted the film by forging associations with Pepe Jeans and Coca-Cola.
Over the years, it has attained a cult status.
The film was released in 1987 on video by Republic Pictures Home Video.
Casablanca was rushed into release to take advantage of the publicity from the Allied invasion of North Africa a few weeks earlier.
Beyond the Mat is a 1999 documentary directed, written, produced and narrated by Barry W. Blaustein.
The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Art Direction and the Academy Award for Best Cinematography at the Oscars.
Operation Dumbo Drop is a 1995 American war comedy film directed by Simon Wincer that explores war, politics, and animal welfare.
Ikiru is a 1952 Japanese drama film directed and co-written by Akira Kurosawa and starring Takashi Shimura.
It was widely successful at the box office and became one of the highest-grossing films of 1990.
It was filmed and released within six weeks of the late-1966 Sunset Strip curfew riots.
Optimum Home Entertainment re-released the movie on DVD in UK on May 9, 2011.
It is based on the 1985 novel of the same name by Philippe Djian.
The soundtrack is made up of Bad Company songs because, in Morrissette's words, "the band's catalogue was surprisingly inexpensive".
It was written and directed by Christopher Cain, with music by Bill Conti.
The title song, "With a Song in My Heart", became famous in the UK as the theme to the long-running BBC radio show, Family Favourites.
The ship's crew, however, believes the vessel to be haunted and cursed and several mysterious deaths occur.
The first mythological film produced by their studio, Mayabazar marked a milestone for Nagi Reddy and Chakrapani.
The film stars many alumni of SCTV, including John Candy, Eugene Levy and Joe Flaherty.
The film received four other Oscar nominations, including Best Actor and Best Actress.
The first remake was released in 1990 and was directed by Tom Savini from a revised screenplay by George A. Romero.
The visual effects were created by Jackson's Weta Digital, which had only been in existence for three years.
In one of the scenes, the red slimy one-eyed alien monster performs a lounge-act style musical number called "I Want to Eat Your Face."
Elvis Meets Nixon is 1997 film directed by Allan Arkush and starring Rick Peters, Bob Gunton, and Alyson Court.
The 312-minute cut is one of the longest cinematic films in history.
The Suburbans is a 1999 American comedy-drama film that satirizes the 1980s revival hype around the turn of the 21st century.
It is the first Power Rangers production from Saban Entertainment not to feature any archived footage from Super Sentai.
In 1999, Four Weddings and a Funeral placed 23rd on the British Film Institute's Top 100 British films list.
Vanilla Sky stars Tom Cruise, Penelope Cruz, and Cameron Diaz with Jason Lee and Kurt Russell appearing in supporting roles.
The film also stars Olivier Gourmet and Serge Riaboukine.
Clarke, directed by Charles Crichton, starring Alec Guinness and Stanley Holloway and featuring Sid James and Alfie Bass.
The film's stop motion animation special effects were created by Willis O'Brien.
The film is the story of an alienated teen who forms an unlikely friendship with a lonely clothing store manager.
This was essentially MacGraw's film debut, as she had previously played a bit part in 1968's A Lovely Way to Die.
Ralph Richardson's narration is taken from the works of chronicler Raphael Holinshed.
The film, written by Hampton Fancher and David Peoples, is a loose adaptation of the 1968 novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?
The title refers to the present continuous tense in English.
It opened to mixed reviews from critics, who praised its consistent humor and satire, but criticized many other aspects such as casting, plot, and pacing.
Lammbock is a 2001 German stoner film.
The video game The Darkness has the entire movie available, to watch, on any of the in-game TVs.
The film portrays William Munny, an aging outlaw and killer who takes on one more job years after he had turned to farming.
I'm The One That I Want is a concert movie released in 2000.
The sequel makes a complete breakaway from the Brian Garfield novels Death Wish and Death Sentence, redefining the Paul Kersey character.
The screenplay was written by Kimi Peck and Dalene Young and the original music score was composed by Charles Fox.
The film was directed and written by Francis.
In the film, Eastwood plays the role of a radio disc jockey being stalked by an obsessed female fan.
It was adapted to the screen by Hume Cronyn.
The kids are imprisoned at a mental hospital.
Pola X has been associated with the New French Extremity.
Rhapsody in August) is a 1991 Japanese film by Akira Kurosawa.
Music for the film was performed by Oh Susanna.
Future star Cyd Charisse appears in her first film speaking role on film.
Purple Noon,, is a 1960 French-Italian film directed by René Clément, loosely based on the 1955 novel The Talented Mr. Ripley by Patricia Highsmith.
The script by James Kennaway and Wilfred Greatorex was based on the book The Narrow Margin by Derek Wood and Derek Dempster.
The film stars Tom Wilkinson, Emily Watson and Rupert Everett.
Semi-Tough is a 1977 American comedy film directed by Michael Ritchie and starring Burt Reynolds, Kris Kristofferson, Jill Clayburgh, Robert Preston, Lotte Lenya and Bert Convy.
The Tingler received mixed reviews and is generally considered a camp cult classic.
The screenplay was written by Fritz Koselka, the title song was composed by Robert Stolz, and the movie was directed by E. W. Emo.
Up the Academy is a 1980 American teen comedy film with a plot about the outrageous antics of a group of misfits at a military school.
Before Sunrise opened to a strongly positive reception from critics.
Capturing the Friedmans is a 2003 HBO documentary film directed by Andrew Jarecki.
Principal photography began with weeks of location shooting in Arizona and California, before production moved to new sets for the ship-based scenes.
There they have many adventures, some involving the local mailman, Pechkin.
The film is a reboot of the Police Story series and is the fifth film in the series.
The film also starred Tisa Farrow, Zora Kerova, Saverio Vallone, Serena Grandi, Margaret Mazzantini, and Mark Bodin.
Saint Ange, also known as House of Voices, is a 2004 French-Romanian horror film written and directed by Pascal Laugier.
A 1974 film sequel Alvin Rides Again toned-down the sex scenes and nudity, adding more camp comedy.
The movie was adapted by Horton Foote from his play of the same name.
Shawn Levy, the director of the first film, did not return as director for this sequel, which was instead directed by Adam Shankman.
Despite this, the film was a moderate box office hit.
Sexy Beast is a 2000 British crime film and the directorial debut of Jonathan Glazer.
The story is presented in the film as a book being read by a grandfather to his sick grandson, thus effectively preserving the novel's narrative style.
It was filmed in Chicago and was released on April 7, 2000 by Metro–Goldwyn–Mayer.
Initially intended for a 2006 release, it was postponed and re-edited for a September 21, 2007 release date.
The film's soundtrack has been rated as one of the best in modern cinema.
This was Cimino's first film after the infamous failure of Heaven's Gate.
The film centers on Lady and Tramp's only son, Scamp, who longs for freedom from house rules and desires to become a "wild dog".
Michael Kamen produced the film's score, recorded with the Czech Philharmonic.
The plot revolves around a man being pushed out of a high window by a woman while the incident was caught on film.
The picture was based on a story written by David Lang.
In 2002, Pyaasa was ranked at No.
The basis of the screenplay is the Joseph Conrad short story "The Duel" published in A Set of Six.
The plot is loosely based on the novel Israel Rank: The Autobiography of a Criminal by Roy Horniman.
The film score was composed by Rupert Gregson-Williams, Andrea Guerra, and the Afro Celt Sound System.
The Naked Gun 2½: The Smell of Fear is a 1991 comedy film.
A Special Edition of the film, featuring additional scenes, was released theatrically in 1980.
The time travel picture combines elements of a 1940s drama with a science fiction twist.
Bhagavata Purana one of the Puranic texts of Hinduism
The film's critical reception was mixed, but was successful commercially, grossing $20 million in the United States on an $11 million budget.
Verbena Trágica is a 1939 film directed by Charles Lamont.
Byzantine-Sassanid War: The Persian army under Shahin Vahmanzadegan conquers Chalcedon in Anatolia, and reaches the Bosporus, threatening Constantinople.
Noriko's Dinner Table takes place before, during, and after the previous installment's timeline as an attempt to resolve several questions left unanswered.
Machuca is a 2004 Chilean film written and directed by Andrés Wood.
It is a comedy-drama set in a remote truck-stop café and motel in the Mojave Desert in the US state of California.
Mr. & Mrs. Bridge is a 1990 Merchant Ivory film based on the novels by Evan S. Connell of the same name.
Their short-lived production company released two films through RKO Radio Pictures.
Former Final Fantasy VII hero Cloud Strife, suffering from the same disease, goes to rescue the children.
The film was directed by Bruce McDonald and illustrates the self-destruction of punk rock.
In 2002, the United States Library of Congress deemed the film "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant" and selected it for preservation in the National Film Registry.
It was one of the most popular teen films of the 1990s and reached No.
Mirror, Mirror is a 1990 American horror film directed by Marina Sargenti, based on a screenplay by Annette Cascone and Gina Cascone.
The film's production did not get off to a good start.
It is the 28th film in the Godzilla franchise, the 27th Godzilla film produced by Toho, and the fifth film in the Millennium series.
Two friends attempt to find a depressed roommate to push him over the edge and receive As.
For her performance as an alcoholic mother, Ryan received a Screen Actors Guild Award nomination for Best Female Actor in a Leading Role.
Days of Heaven was Malick's second feature film, after the enthusiastically received Badlands, and was produced on a budget of $3,000,000.
Killer's Kiss is a 1955 American crime film noir directed by Stanley Kubrick and written by Kubrick and Howard Sackler.
It is the third installment in Pixar's Toy Story series, and the sequel to 1999's Toy Story 2.
The boys also collaborate on a comic book they call The Atomic Trinity.
Nora's Hair Salon is a 2004 independent comedy-drama film, written by Chanel Capra and Jean-Claude La Marre, and directed by Jerry LaMothe.
Night of Dark Shadows was not as successful as House of Dark Shadows.
The musical score was composed by Vidyasagar.
Night of the Comet is a 1984 American science fiction horror comedy film written and directed by Thom Eberhardt.
Eat Your Makeup is a short film by filmmaker John Waters starring Divine, Mary Vivian Pearce, David Lochary, and Maelcum Soul.
The film is based on an 1876 novel, Stara baśń, by Józef Ignacy Kraszewski.
The Last Broadcast is a 1998 American found footage horror film made by Stefan Avalos and Lance Weiler.
The film was released in North America on May 24, 1989, to mostly positive reviews.
It is loosely based on the novel La Bête humaine, by Émile Zola.
The film was preserved by the UCLA Film & Television Archive with the original color tints restored.
At the same time, a mastermind known only as the Iceman has hired a biker gang to kill Reggie.
The film was released straight to video.
While not a critical and commercial success, it later developed as a cult film, particularly a "so bad it's good" film.
Thoroughly Modern Millie is a 1967 American musical-romantic comedy film directed by George Roy Hill and starring Julie Andrews.
Hull and Adair, as well as John Alexander, were reprising their roles from the 1941 stage production.
It was Peckinpah's final film before his death in 1984.
It is the story of a newly rich American couple from the West who win a British gentleman's gentleman in a poker game.
LolliLove is a 2004 American mockumentary co-written by, directed by and starring Jenna Fischer.
The film's humor and unconventional story were well received by critics, fans of the series and the general audience.
The film was dubbed into Russian, and was screened at the Moscow International Film Festival, Asia Pacific Film Festival, and AISFM Film Festival.
La Symphonie pastorale is a 1946 French language film drama directed by Jean Delannoy and starring Michèle Morgan and Pierre Blanchar.
Down by Law is a 1986 black-and-white independent film written and directed by Jim Jarmusch and starring Tom Waits, John Lurie, and Roberto Benigni.
The black-and-white film was released by Paramount Pictures.
He was not only a dreaded gangster but also a connection between the underworld and the politicians.
It stars Christian Slater and Tony Goldwyn.
Constantine is a 2005 American occult detective film directed by Francis Lawrence and starring Keanu Reeves as John Constantine.
The movie inspired an animated television series.
Paramount retains American rights to this day but international rights are now held by Miramax Films and StudioCanal in conjunction with American Zoetrope.
This movie features sketches from the early Thames Television years from 1969-1973.
In the United States, the film was rated NC-17 for "nudity and erotic sexuality throughout, some graphic language, and sexual violence."
The Great Adventure of Horus, Prince of the Sun is an anime film released in July 1968.
It stars Robert Stephens as Holmes and Colin Blakely as Doctor Watson.
The film has achieved the status of a minor cult film.
This also stands as the last film in the series to be written by Herz, who conceptualized the franchise.
Timecop is a 1994 American science fiction action film directed by Peter Hyams and co-written by Mike Richardson and Mark Verheiden.
Although set in early 20th century Monterey, California, much of the film was actually shot on location in Mendocino, California.
In 2000, The Film Censorship Board of Malaysia banned the film outright because of "very high-impact violence and sexual content throughout."
It is unusual among features other than anthology films in using a series of disparate visual styles to tell one continuous story.
The film is based on 1995 book of the same name by Delia Ephron.
Alien plant spores have fallen from space and grown into large seed pods, each one capable of reproducing a duplicate replacement copy of each human.
The film was shot in the rocky terrain of Ramanagara, in the southern state of Karnataka, over a span of two and a half years.
Women in Cellblock 9 is a 1977 Swiss exploitation action horror film written and directed by Jess Franco, and starring Karine Gambier.
It stars George Clooney, Tarantino, Harvey Keitel and Juliette Lewis.
As is typical with Chan's pictures, the US version does not feature the theme song.
The Nightmare Before Christmas originated in a poem written by Tim Burton in 1982, while he was working as an animator at Walt Disney Feature Animation.
An Unfinished Life is a 2005 American drama film directed by Swedish director Lasse Hallström, and based on the Mark Spragg novel of the same name.
The film was later released to American television and as an educational film to American schools under the Red Nightmare title.
The Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer production was directed by Lionel Barrymore and released in two versions, with and without sound.
It became a box office disappointment and received mixed reviews from critics.
20th Century Fox financed the project on the basis of Altman's past work, and a screenplay was completed before filming.
To keep it, the film's end credits were edited to prevent the film from receiving an R rating.
The Talent Given Us is a film by Andrew Wagner.
About Adam is a 2000 romantic comedy film written and directed by Gerard Stembridge.
The Pursuit of Happyness is a 2006 American biographical drama film based on entrepreneur Chris Gardner's nearly one-year struggle being homeless.
It was not until production began that the film's script was altered with the incorporation of the Patrick Bateman subplot.
Gunner Palace is a 2004 documentary film by Michael Tucker, which had a limited release in the United States on March 4, 2005.
They conspire to break into the ETS building and steal the answers to the exam, so they can all get perfect scores.
The Journey of Natty Gann is a 1985 American film directed by Jeremy Paul Kagan, produced by Walt Disney Pictures and released by Buena Vista Distribution.
The finished product began shipping in May 2005.
Directed by Rick Rosenthal, who had also directed Halloween II in 1981, the film builds upon the continuity of Halloween H20: 20 Years Later.
Pocketful of Miracles is a 1961 American comedy film starring Bette Davis and Glenn Ford, and directed by Frank Capra.
The film has a lighter tone as it was partially aimed at a teenage audience, however the misleading trailer suggested it was darker.
Sanjay Dutt, Hrithik Roshan, Preity Zinta, Sonali Kulkarni, Jackie Shroff and Mohsin Memon appeared in the main roles.
He believes his destiny is to marry her and father her children.
It is often shown close to Halloween.
Edited in Japan, the film makes extensive use of digital image manipulation, often overlaying multiple moving and still pictures with animations.
The Beaver Trilogy is a documentary film directed by Trent Harris, featuring Richard LaVon Griffiths, Sean Penn, Crispin Glover and co-starring Courtney Gains and Elizabeth Daily.
One Hundred Men and a Girl is a 1937 American musical comedy film directed by Henry Koster and starring Deanna Durbin.
The storyline was conceived from a screenplay written by Ken Sanzel.
Sherman also wrote a treatment using the already recorded voices in a revised script.
Quest of the Delta Knights is a 1993 fantasy/adventure sword and sorcery film that was featured in a September 1998 episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000.
With a budget of US$40 million, it ultimately grossed US$32 million worldwide.
Sweet and Lowdown is a 1999 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Woody Allen.
The film was entered into the 1991 Cannes Film Festival.
It wasn't available on home media until 1993, however it always maintained a cult following.
The special airs annually on Cartoon Network in the United States, and it now airs on Kids & Teens TV since December 11, 2011.
The film features a high-tech helicopter of the same name and stars Roy Scheider, Warren Oates, Candy Clark, Daniel Stern, and Malcolm McDowell.
It is based on the novel of the same name by Paul Theroux.
Unlike its predecessor, the film was neither a critical nor a commercial success.
Directed by Sam Firstenberg, who specialized in this genre in the 1980s, the film stars Michael Dudikoff in the title role.
Reviews praised the film's visuals, but criticized the story and characters, as well as the combination of live-action and animation, which some critics felt was unconvincing.
The film features scenes with Jewish Defense League leader Irv Rubin confronting American Nazis.
This was Myrna Loy and William Powell in their first of fourteen screen pairings.
The film's other stars include Steven Weber, Amy Yasbeck, Peter MacNicol, Harvey Korman, and Anne Bancroft.
The title Cat City was used in the United States distribution.
The screenplay was written by Zappia and Matt Greenberg.
PR Girls is a 1998 Hong Kong drama film co-written and directed by Matt Chow.
The story examines the social injustices of late 18th-century France, in showing the corruption and callousness of the aristocrats.
It was Ozu's last film; he died the following year.
His movies expanded to more ludicrous high concept pieces.
The film was followed by a direct-to-video sequel Kronk's New Groove, and an animated television series The Emperor's New School.
Marilù Parolini worked as the set photographer.
The story is adopted from Maitreyi Devi's Bengali novel Na Hanyate and is based on a love triangle.
Fast, Cheap & Out of Control is a 1997 film by documentary filmmaker Errol Morris.
The film concerns a tattered relationship between Sarah, a drug addict, and her young son, Jeremiah.
The Goonies is a 1985 American adventure comedy film directed by Richard Donner, who produced with Harvey Bernhard.
Tony Takitani is a 2004 Japanese film directed by Jun Ichikawa, based on the short story by Haruki Murakami.
He was a director of the Los Angeles Psychoanalytic Institute and was a practicing Freudian.
Markoff is ridiculed as the narrator, director Goldstein, points out his factual errors during the interview.
Aranyer Din Ratri is an Indian Bengali adventure drama film released in 1970 and directed by Satyajit Ray.
Film critic Stephanie Zacharek has called the barn-raising sequence in Seven Brides "one of the most rousing dance numbers ever put on screen."
It is an adaptation of Henrik Ibsen's play An Enemy of the People, and was released under that title in the UK.
It is currently included as one of 1001 Movies You Must See Before You Die.
Franciosa was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role.
The film received mixed reviews and was a box office bomb, earning about $15 million against a $39 million budget.
The film was shot in Hamilton and Pickering, Ontario, Canada.
It won the BAFTA Award for Best Film, and César Award and David di Donatello Award for Best Foreign Film.
Spuddo Blooper - parodies of television adverts, for products such as margarine and mashed potato.
My Lucky Stars is a 1985 Hong Kong action film directed by Sammo Hung, who also starred in the film.
Min and Bill stars Marie Dressler, Wallace Beery, Dorothy Jordan, and Marjorie Rambeau, and was directed by George W. Hill.
It is based on the story "The Shadow Builder" by Bram Stoker.
The movie's theme song is titled "A Thing to be Protected" by Sowelu.
Spade portrays a child actor who fell into obscurity as an adult, and who attempts to revive his career.
Ali Baba Goes to Town is a 1937 film starring Eddie Cantor, Tony Martin, and Roland Young.
The Terminal is a 2004 American comedy-drama film directed by Steven Spielberg and starring Tom Hanks and Catherine Zeta-Jones.
But I'm a Cheerleader was Babbit's first feature film.
This film is the lesser-known sequel to King Kong and was released just nine months after its predecessor.
The film serves as an alternative, or a more detailed version to the final two episodes of Neon Genesis Evangelion television anime series.
At the January 1998 Sundance Film Festival, the film was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize and Declan Quinn won the Cinematography Award.
Critical reception was mixed, with the acting and the action scenes receiving positive notice, and criticism directed at the screenplay, and overuse of characters and style.
The film has been generally well received by fans, and has been consistently mentioned in the press as a turning point in the development of fanfilms.
The Whole Ten Yards is a 2004 American crime comedy film directed by Howard Deutch and sequel to the 2000 film The Whole Nine Yards.
The film features R. Madhavan, Amogha and Pooja in the leading roles while Kalabhavan Mani, Charle, Dhamu and Malavika Avinash also play key supporting roles.
The Hollywood Revue of 1929 is an American Pre-Code musical comedy film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
Once his wife returns, Harris finds himself unable to cancel the contract.
Some early visual effects work from Rick Baker is also featured.
Because it showed dead GIs wrapped in mattress covers, some officers tried to prevent soldiers in training from seeing it, for fear of damaging morale.
The film received mixed to positive reviews from critics and was a box office success, grossing over $54 million worldwide.
He later returns to reclaim his title and his former fiancée Nevenka who is now his brother's wife.
The film is also noted for its use of red herrings and its twist ending.
Inseminoid is a 1981 British-Hong Kong science-fiction exploitation horror film.
It was also Disney's only slasher film.
It is ranked 140th on Empire magazine's "The 500 Greatest Movies of All Time" list.
Trumbo's credit was reinstated when the film was released on DVD in 2003.
It is noted for one scene that was promoted as "the greatest pie fight ever".
John Williams composed the score, and violinist Itzhak Perlman performs the film's main theme.
The Boat on the Grass is a 1971 French film directed by Gérard Brach.
It is a prequel to The Amityville Horror, set at 112 Ocean Avenue and featuring the fictional Montelli family loosely based on the DeFeo family.
Blue Movie is a 1969 American film written, produced, and directed by Andy Warhol.
Dodes'ka-den is a 1970 Japanese film directed by Akira Kurosawa, based on a book by Shūgorō Yamamoto.
The screenplay was by Kotcheff, Gent, Frank Yablans and Nancy Dowd.
Jiang talks about his family, his loneliness, the Cultural Revolution, and the relationship formed with his interviewer, reporter Zi "Miss Tomboy" Liang.
The supporting cast includes Lauren Bacall, Ron Howard, James Stewart, Richard Boone, Hugh O'Brian, Harry Morgan, John Carradine, Sheree North, and Scatman Crothers.
The film was adapted by George S. Kaufman, Morrie Ryskind, and Al Boasberg from a story by James Kevin McGuinness.
Surf Ninjas was released in the United States on August 20, 1993.
xXx: State of the Union is a 2005 American action film directed by Lee Tamahori and a sequel to the 2002 film xXx.
The film won several awards and nominations at various award ceremonies across India.
Wild in the Streets is a 1968 film featuring Christopher Jones, Hal Holbrook, and Shelley Winters.
Starring Mark Gatiss, Steve Pemberton and Reece Shearsmith, the film was written by the cast with Jeremy Dyson, and directed by Steve Bendelack.
The film debuted on 29 July 2005 in South Korea, and competed for the Golden Lion at the 62nd Venice International Film Festival in September 2005.
The idea for the film came when Richard Gordon read the Gerry Fernback screenplay The Night the Silicates Came.
The film was entered into the 1947 Cannes Film Festival.
Its original French title is La diagonale du fou.
Unlike many prior works, Spike Lee does not have an acting credit in this film.
This also marked the first animated film that Award-winning cartoonist Roque Ballesteros worked on.
Warner Bros. threatened legal action and the release of the film was delayed until legal entanglements could be sorted out.
The film was shown in Los Angeles for the one week it needed to be eligible for consideration in the 1974 Academy Awards.
Daughters Courageous is a 1939 drama film starring John Garfield, Claude Rains, Jeffrey Lynn and featuring the Lane Sisters: Lola Lane, Rosemary Lane and Priscilla Lane.
Up in Smoke is a 1978 American stoner comedy film directed by Lou Adler and Cheech & Chong's first feature-length film.
Its soundtrack was released by Entr'acte Recording Society in 1974.
The film was released on December 22, 2000.
The films premiered on Nickelodeon between 2004 and 2006, and were subsequently released to home video.
Both Kusama and Rodriguez received numerous accolades, including two National Board of Review Awards, two Independent Spirit Award nominations, and two Gotham Awards.
He wanted Lemmon to change his name to "Lennon."
The film was written by Linda Svendsen based on the book by Lisa Hobbs Birnie, and directed by Sheldon Larry.
In 1997 the theatrical and video releases of the film were banned by Canada's Maritime Film Classification Board.
The screenplay was by Cy Endfield, from his book, and Anthony Storey.
The film serves as the sequel to the 1989 film K-9.
Boys Beware is a drama short social guidance film released through Sid Davis Productions.
It is the first and only sequel to Fright Night, with Ragsdale and McDowall reprising their roles.
The screenplay is in English, by Neil Simon and De Sica's longtime collaborator Cesare Zavattini.
Enlarged to Show Detail 2 is the second documentary created by the Multi-genred band 311 in 2001.
Girl, Interrupted is a 1999 American psychological drama film, and a loosely based adaptation of Susanna Kaysen's 1993 memoir of the same name.
Finally, reaching the limits of stage-acting, the actor himself believes that he is Bolívar.
The film was directed by Tim Hill, produced by Jim Henson Pictures, and released to theaters on July 14, 1999, by Columbia Pictures.
The Cinemascope movie was directed by Burt Balaban and Stuart Rosenberg.
The Little Mermaid II: Return to the Sea is a 2000 Disney animated feature film and direct-to-video sequel to the 1989 animated film The Little Mermaid.
Despite his distaste for parts of the original novel, Dassin agreed to direct the film.
Josey Wales was portrayed by Michael Parks in the film's 1986 sequel, The Return of Josey Wales.
The film was directed by James Komack.
It stars Ina Claire, Fredric March, Mary Brian, Henrietta Crosman, Arnold Korff and Frank Conroy.
Bhardwaj then moved on to adapting William Shakespeare's Othello in his 2006 film Omkara which won him commercial as well as critical success.
The film was a flop at the box office and did not cover its small budget.
The film stars Zach Galligan and Phoebe Cates, with Howie Mandel providing the voice of Gizmo, the main mogwai character.
This is the first film in the series in which Anndi McAfee voices Cera, Aria Noelle Curzon voices Ducky, and Miriam Flynn voices Grandma Longneck.
The screenplay was written by Arnold Schulman who was awarded the Writers Guild of America Award.
The title refers to the design of the tower of United Nations headquarters in New York.
The film had been selected as the Hong Kong entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 76th Academy Awards but it was not nominated.
Léon: The Professional is a 1994 English-language French thriller film written and directed by Luc Besson.
The film has caused much controversy in Turkey, and was banned until 1999.
Sunil Shetty won a Filmfare Best Villain Award for his performance.
It won multiple awards at the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival and won the South Korean cinema industry's Grand Bell Awards for best film of 2000.
The plot was written by Frank Tashlin and Mac Benoff, based on a story by Harpo.
The cast also includes Cybill Shepherd, Ben Johnson, Eileen Brennan, Ellen Burstyn, Cloris Leachman, Clu Gulager, Randy Quaid and John Hillerman.
Anniyan received positive responses from critics and audience alike and, together with its dubbed versions, grossed ₹570 million in its lifetime run.
It wasn't until 1995 with Rumble in the Bronx that Chan was able to bring his signature humor mixed with impressive stunt-work to American audiences.
They were also released in a number of videos and as a four-DVD box set, comprising a souvenir programme and numerous additional features.
The supporting cast features Roland Young, Andy Devine and Franklin Pangborn.
This record has since been surpassed by several other films since then.
The film is notable for its soundtrack as being the debut film score for John Williams.
This concept was abandoned when Amy Steel declined to reprise her role.
The Pacifier is a 2005 American family comedy film directed by Adam Shankman and written by Thomas Lennon and Robert Ben Garant.
The five hapless would-be burglars are played by Vittorio Gassman, Renato Salvatori, Carlo Pisacane, Tiberio Murgia and Marcello Mastroianni.
The Savage Innocents is a 1960 film, adapted from the novel Top of the World by Swiss writer Hans Rüesch.
Little Miss Marker is an American Pre-Code 1934 comedy-drama film directed by Alexander Hall.
Unfortunately, the vegetables are then eaten by locusts, which grow to gigantic size and attack the nearby city of Chicago.
It earned well over $25 million in its domestic gross revenue and won an Oscar, the only film directed by Dante to do so.
Caged is a 1950 film noir directed by John Cromwell and starring Eleanor Parker, Agnes Moorehead, Ellen Corby, Betty Garde and Hope Emerson.
The movie was the basis for the 2001 Off-Broadway musical of the same name by James Valcq and Fred Alley.
For the saints, please see Feast of Saints Peter and Paul.
The film's stars were Sinbad, James Coburn, Burt Reynolds, Gregory Hines, A Martinez, Ernie Hudson, Dawnn Lewis and Vanessa Bell Calloway.
The evil Grand Duke of Owls and his birds-of-prey henchmen take over in the darkness.
Zardoz is a 1974 Irish-American science fantasy film written, produced, and directed by John Boorman and starring Sean Connery and Charlotte Rampling, and featuring Sara Kestelman.
The film was selected as the Swedish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 62nd Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Patty Hearst, Suzanne Somers, Joan Rivers, Traci Lords, and Brigid Berlin make cameo appearances in the film.
Vijayachander portrayed the character, produced and directed the film., It was released on 1 November 1983, the Andhra Pradesh Formation day.
It was the third animated feature film presented with Dolby sound.
Set in Los Angeles, California, it relates a series of episodes in the romantic life of an L.A. TV weather forecaster.
The film's cast includes Lindsay Crouse, Joe Mantegna, Ricky Jay, and J. T. Walsh.
The film stars John Cena, Robert Patrick and Kelly Carlson.
The film stars Eleanor Powell and Robert Taylor and features Buddy Ebsen, George Murphy, Judy Garland, Sophie Tucker, Raymond Walburn, Robert Benchley and Binnie Barnes.
The film's success generated four sequels; Dr. Dolittle 2, Dr. Dolittle 3, Tail to the Chief, and Million Dollar Mutts, the latter three being direct-to-video.
The film was distributed by Columbia Pictures.
...tick...tick...tick... is an American crime drama movie made in 1970, directed by Ralph Nelson.
Thus, the English title is both a phonetic pun and – like the Chinese title – an allusion to a place or condition of eternal suffering.
The film became a box office success, making Schwarzenegger a household name.
They’re all facing different problems different dreams, so there’s that diversity too.
The title is alternately explained as a typo that was too expensive to fix or a stylistic choice.
It was recorded Below Average at the Box Office.
The film stars Richard Mulligan, Hamilton Camp, John Mengatti, Kim Richards, Archie Hahn, Misty Rowe, and John Larroquette.
The songs were composed by Kannur Rajan and film score by Johnson.
The depiction of death would inspire soldiers to take their training more seriously.
The War Lord is a 1965 American film about Medieval warfare in 11th century Normandy, starring Charlton Heston and directed by Franklin J. Schaffner.
The film is based on the eponymous play by Marcel Pagnol.
Cat City) is a 1986 Hungarian animated film, directed by Béla Ternovszky and written by József Nepp.
This time, Moore's critique of modern capitalism features footage of a huge snake devouring another fluffy pet."
The film was an account of the complex realities of the situation in Iraq during 2003–2004 amidst the Iraqi insurgency not seen on the nightly news.
The film received mostly positive reviews and was a moderate box office success on its small budget.
Elements from the programme were used, however, such as various characters, the Daleks and a police box time machine, albeit in re-imagined forms.
Bruce Willis stars in the title role and also co-wrote both the story and the theme song.
Destino is unique in that its production originally began in 1945, 58 years before its eventual completion.
As of 2012, the film was the third highest-grossing slasher-film in North America, following Scream at number 1 and Scream 2 at number 2.
There was significant praise for the performances, action scenes, John Williams' musical score, and the costume design.
Tracks usually consist of steel rails, installed on ties and ballast, on which the rolling stock, usually fitted with metal wheels, moves.
Personal Services is a 1987 British comedy film directed by Terry Jones and written by David Leland.
The movie was produced by Hal Roach and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Distributing Corporation.
He must stop the terrorists before his wife's plane and several other incoming flights that are circling the airport run out of fuel and crash.
An earlier film by Riefenstahl—The Victory of Faith—showed Hitler and SA leader Ernst Röhm together at the 1933 Nazi party congress.
The film's producer, Walter Seltzer, went on to work with Heston again in the dystopian science fiction film Soylent Green in 1973.
The film's unique score by Michael Nyman and Damon Albarn generated a significant amount of attention.
The members of the legendary metal band X Japan make a brief cameo appearance.
Financed only from local sources, it is the most commercially successful release in the history of South Africa's film industry.
Like its predecessor, Fantasia 2000 consists of animated segments set to pieces of classical music.
It stars Louis Wolheim, Robert Armstrong, and Jean Arthur.
Man on the Moon is a 1999 American biographical comedy-drama film about the late American entertainer Andy Kaufman, starring Jim Carrey as Kaufman.
Several villains are also featured such as the Joker and the Penguin, portrayed respectively by the late comedians Rene Requiestas and Panchito Alba.
In Playtime, Tati again plays Monsieur Hulot, a character who had appeared in his earlier films Mon Oncle and Les Vacances de Monsieur Hulot.
The film is the second installment in the Mad Max film series, with Mel Gibson reprising his role as "Mad" Max Rockatansky.
It stars Barbara Britton and Robert Lowery, and was the final screen appearance of Lola Lane.
A stage musical adaptation opened on Broadway in December 2015, and a television adaptation for Nickelodeon premiered on March 12, 2016.
When You Remember Me is a 1990 fact-based television film.
The film had musical score by C. N. Panduranga.
The film was nominated for three Academy Awards.
J. D.'s Revenge is a blaxploitation horror film released in 1976.
The film can be regarded as a portrait of post-war Germany.
The film was released in the United States on September 20, 2002 under the title Eye See You by DEJ Productions.
A companion film assembled from outtakes and abandoned subplots, titled Wake Up, Ron Burgundy: The Lost Movie, was released straight-to-DVD in late 2004.
The film is mystery-suspense drama about McNeill's attempts to solve a string of local serial killings linked by messages left at the scenes of the crimes.
Anwar plays a journalist who uncovers a government conspiracy to release virus-carrying killer bees.
The film explores a number of themes, including the nature of evil and the diffusion of responsibility in hierarchical situations.
Kirsten Dunst was also nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actress for her role in the film.
The film tells the story of a young woman who must come to terms with a long history of sexual abuse, drug addiction, and poverty.
The soundtrack had no "new" material, as album cuts were selected, then overdubbed.
Home Alone 3 is a 1997 American family comedy film written and produced by John Hughes.
Hearts of Fire is a 1987 American musical drama film starring Bob Dylan, Fiona Flanagan and Rupert Everett.
One of the angels, played by Bruno Ganz, falls in love with a beautiful, lonely trapeze artist, played by Solveig Dommartin.
The English adaptation was produced by 4Kids Entertainment and distributed by Miramax Films, debuted on Kids' WB on January 22, 2005, albeit edited for running time.
It won the Golden Prize at the 14th Moscow International Film Festival.
The film also features Terri Nunn who would go on to fame in the 1980s new wave group Berlin.
His real-life parents appear in the mockumentary, as does a picture of his real-life childhood house.
When Lyra discovers that the powerful Mrs. Coulter, who's hosting Lyra into her house, is running the Gobblers, she flees.
On October 19, 2010, the film was released on DVD through Shout!
In 2010, Belle de Jour was ranked #56 in Empire magazine's list, The 100 Best Films of World Cinema.
Several of the actors from the original TV series had cameos in the film.
Spaceballs is a 1987 American comic science fiction film co-written, produced and directed by Mel Brooks.
The film's title refers to the Nazis' vigorous ceremonial marching, called "goose-stepping".
In the Bleak Midwinter is a 1995 British romantic comedy written and directed by Kenneth Branagh.
The supporting cast features Barbara Parkins and Ian Holm.
The movie takes place in Ho Chi Minh City, formerly Saigon.
It also contains interviews with people related to Mitnick and hacker culture in general.
The film was released on May 7, 1917, by Paramount Pictures.
Co-stars include Patricia Richardson, Christine Dunford, Tom Wood, Jessica Biel, J. Kenneth Campbell and Vanessa Zima.
It features the classic Rodgers and Hart songs "Love Me Tonight", "Isn't it Romantic?
Directed by Nicholas Ray, it offered both social commentary and an alternative to previous films depicting delinquents in urban slum environments.
Tokyo Story is a 1953 Japanese drama film directed by Yasujirō Ozu and starring Chishū Ryū and Chieko Higashiyama.
The title of the film is derived from the Led Zeppelin version of the song of the same name.
The plot is loosely based on the commercially failed Hollywood movie Streets of Fire directed by Walter Hill.
The Mole People is a 1956 science fiction film directed by Virgil W. Vogel.
The film is one of many public domain films in the Prelinger archives.
The film was released as Cuban Blood in the US.
The film is available on VHS, DVD; the soundtrack by Caleb Sampson is available on CD.
Although no exact date was given in the film itself, it has been suggested that it takes place in 2500.
Once called Marco Pagot, he is now known to the world as "Porco Rosso", Italian for "Red Pig".
The film is based on three of C.S.
The film follows Jabe as she strives for a more "normal" life by pursuing a career in the funeral industry.
The movie was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Score and for Best Interior Decoration.
The five short films all form one larger film, and they are almost always shown together as one film.
Rocky V is a 1990 American sports drama film.
It also spawned merchandise, including video games, action figures, and comic book adaptations.
And so I was given the title of the film."
The storyline concerns a U.S. Air Force crew and scientists who find a crashed flying saucer and a body frozen nearby in the Arctic ice.
The film title is a common Hindi expression meaning haunted house, or literally, a ghost house.
The title comes from the second line of the First World War song "Bless 'Em All", which became very popular during the Second World War.
It won several awards in independent film festivals.
The screenplay and the successful stage play on which it was based were written by English playwright Frederick Knott.
It was based on a case of imposture in 16th century France, involving Martin Guerre.
It stars Jacqueline Bisset and Jean-Pierre Léaud.
It is the second film in the Dumb and Dumber film series and a prequel to the 1994 film Dumb and Dumber.
Elvis: That's the Way It Is is a 1970 American documentary film directed by Denis Sanders.
The film, shot mainly in New York City, was released shortly after the end of World War II.
In 2016 it was released on DVD in Region 1 by Warner Bros. via their Warner Archive Collection.
The movie was released with a companion book, on October 5, 2004, the same day that Fahrenheit 9/11 was released on home video.
The film follows Smithee as he steals the negatives to his latest film and goes on the run.
The film maintained its popularity over the years and earned an IMAX 3D re-release in 2013.
The film is dedicated to Will Gaffney, an actor who was David Morse' stand-in.
Sadomania – Hölle der Lust is a 1981 German-Spanish women in prison film directed by Jesús Franco, starring Ajita Wilson.
Magnum Force is a 1973 American action thriller and the second to feature Clint Eastwood as maverick cop Harry Callahan after the 1971 film Dirty Harry.
It was directed by Kit Hood and Linda Schuyler and was written by Amy Jo Cooper.
It stars Myrna Loy, Irene Dunne and Ricardo Cortez.
He received the Filmfare Critics Award for Best Performance for his role.
The film was shot in Mumbai's Mehboob Studios and in the villages of Maharashtra, Gujarat, and Uttar Pradesh states.
The author approved of the young director's interest to adapt his work to another medium.
The film was directed and co-written by Colin Trevorrow, produced by Frank Marshall and Patrick Crowley, and stars Chris Pratt and Bryce Dallas Howard.
They Were Expendable is a 1945 American war film directed by John Ford and starring Robert Montgomery and John Wayne and featuring Donna Reed.
Following the disappearance of one of them, they begin suspecting something sinister.
The film was nominated for 10 Academy Awards, including Best Picture, and won Best Foreign Language Film, Best Art Direction, Best Original Score and Best Cinematography.
The film has two sequels, K-911 and K-9: P.I., both being direct-to-video.
The film was also theatrically released internationally and in selected cities in the United States.
The House by the Cemetery is a 1981 Italian slasher film directed by Lucio Fulci.
It's a Gift is a 1934 comedy film starring W. C. Fields.
The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1995 Cannes Film Festival.
Dadah Is Death is a 1988 Australian film based on the Barlow and Chambers execution in Malaysia in 1986.
The film was based on a series of stories written by Matt Cvetic that appeared in The Saturday Evening Post.
Another returning character is Police Captain Robbins of Homicide.
Lenin in Paris is a Soviet biopic directed by Sergei Yutkevich in 1981 on Mosfilm.
The film was screened out of competition at the 1989 Cannes Film Festival.
The film's US release in 1956 was on a double bill with The Black Sleep.
Lacking compassion for each other's burdens, they constantly are bickering.
Kung Fu Mahjong is a 2005 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Wong Jing and Billy Chung.
The film was ranked number 50 of the Best 100 Chinese Motion Pictures presented at the 24th Hong Kong Film Awards.
The documentary was nominated for an Academy Award for Documentary Feature.
Upon its release on December 19, 1997, Titanic achieved critical and commercial success.
Glazer had previously directed music videos and commercials for companies such as Guinness and Levi's.
The film introduced Tommy Pickles' baby brother Dil Pickles, who appeared on the original series the next year.
The film was shot in Nova Scotia.
The first Indian talkie was so popular that "police aid had to be summoned to control the crowds."
The film was released in the United States on December 18, 1987.
Characters such as the conman Sergio Constanza, the Egyptian-born Mr. Hasson and the huge cook Yosifoun became classics.
It was the penultimate collaboration of the British filmmakers Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger.
Carla's Song is a 1996 British film directed by Ken Loach and written by Paul Laverty.
During the five years between Temple of Doom and Last Crusade, he and executive producer Lucas reviewed several scripts before accepting Jeffrey Boam's.
The film, Connery's second post-James Bond role—after The Offence—was shot by cinematographer Geoffrey Unsworth on a budget of US$1.57 million.
The movie is also one of Ed Gilbert's final roles.
Like Mike is a 2002 American comedy film directed by John Schultz and written by Missy Elliot and Jordan Moffet.
Charles Manson Superstar is a documentary film about Charles Manson, directed by Nikolas Schreck in 1989.
It stars Jack Nicholson, Bruce Dern, Ellen Burstyn and Scatman Crothers.
The 300 Spartans is a 1962 CinemaScope film depicting the Battle of Thermopylae.
Bowery Blitzkrieg is a 1941 film and the sixth installment of the East Side Kids series.
The film also inspired a tango craze and such fashion fads as gaucho pants.
Two Tars is a Laurel and Hardy short film, directed by James Parrott and released in 1928.
The monsters are eventually freed from the mind control, which leads the aliens to release King Ghidorah from space to challenge them.
The film was also nominated for three other Academy Awards: Best Actress for Hepburn, Best Adapted Screenplay, and Best Art Direction.
The film was entered into the 2002 Cannes Film Festival.
The screenplay by Sonya Levien and Lamar Trotti was based on the Niven Busch story, "We the O'Learys".
He kills himself only to find that it is another hallucination, and only once morning comes do things stabilize even marginally, still creeping into insanity.
South Park: Bigger, Longer & Uncut is a 1999 American adult animated musical comedy film based on the Comedy Central animated television series South Park.
Although it mostly contains sketches from the television series, the scripts and performers are not identical to those seen on television.
It was written by Lajos Bíró and Arthur Wimperis for London Film Productions, Korda's production company.
The movie stars Joanne Woodward, Martin Balsam, Sylvia Sidney and Tresa Hughes, was written by Stewart Stern, and directed by Gilbert Cates.
The film has turned into a cult film with a large following.
Dickinson planned a follow-up, The Denham Studio Mystery, which was intended to incorporate footage from the abortive film I Claudius, but this fell through.
He made the video cryptic to evoke creative interpretations among viewers.
In 2001, the United States Library of Congress deemed the film "culturally significant" and named it to the National Film Registry.
However, it's only a matter of time before they start upsetting the wrong people.
The film explores a number of genres, and features elements of the supernatural.
Though banned by the Chinese government upon its completion, the film soon found a receptive international audience.
The film chronicles Kaysen's 18-month stay at a mental institution.
In A View to a Kill, Bond is pitted against Max Zorin, who plans to destroy California's Silicon Valley.
Deep Rising is a 1998 American action horror film directed by Stephen Sommers and starring Treat Williams, Famke Janssen and Anthony Heald.
It was released on 8 September 2006 in the UK.
The film is partially inspired by the 18-year stay of Mehran Karimi Nasseri in Terminal 1 of Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport, France, from 1988 to 2006.
In this film, Matt is sent to the infamous band camp, where he is compelled to change his ways.
The film garnered praise for its storyline and soundtrack.
It was released on 16 October 1998 along with Kuch Kuch Hota Hai.
It also stars Patricia Clarkson and Bobby Cannavale.
Flirting with Disaster is a 1996 American black comedy film written and directed by David O. Russell about a young father's search for his biological parents.
Among other recognitions, the film has won the German Camera Award, and a L.A. Outfest emerging talent award.
It was later remade in all major south Indian languages.
For Wings of Desire, Wenders won awards for Best Director at both the Cannes Film Festival and European Film Awards.
Others take place in the historic towns of Hampden, Baltimore City, Reisterstown, Jessup, Milford Mill, and Sykesville, Maryland.
Twisted Obsession is a 1989 Spanish erotic thriller directed by Fernando Trueba, starring Jeff Goldblum and Miranda Richardson.
Andaaz is a 2003 Indian romantic musical film directed by Raj Kanwar and produced by Suneel Darshan.
The plot follows a recently released psychiatric patient who kidnaps an actress in order to make her fall in love with him.
Blacula was released to mixed reviews in the United States, but was one of the top-grossing films of the year.
The style of the film is very similar to other musicals of its era, including the "Gold Diggers" series and others.
Shakha Proshakha is a 1990 Satyajit Ray film.
Battles Without Honor and Humanity, also known in the West as The Yakuza Papers, is a Japanese yakuza film series produced by Toei Company.
The current title was adopted when the comic was published as its own book.
Royal Tramp is a 1992 Hong Kong film based on Louis Cha's novel The Deer and the Cauldron.
The eighteen month long undercover investigation led to his arrest in 1986.
Produced by Peter Vincent Douglas and directed by Don Taylor, the film stars Kirk Douglas, Martin Sheen, James Farentino, Katharine Ross and Charles Durning.
The film was co-written by David Goodman and co-stars Ted Raimi.
Terror Train is a 1980 Canadian-American slasher film directed by Roger Spottiswoode in his directorial debut and starring Jamie Lee Curtis and Ben Johnson.
Its DVD version, released in 2002, sold 250,000 copies.
Tracy plays an investigative reporter who specializes in murder cases.
The film spawned two sequels, Men in Black II and Men in Black 3, as well as an animated series.
The Story of Vernon and Irene Castle is an American biographical musical comedy, released in 1939 and directed by H.C. Potter.
The film's screenplay was adapted by Mark Frost from his book, The Greatest Game Ever Played: Harry Vardon, Francis Ouimet, and the Birth of Modern Golf.
Filmed in France, around Le Touquet it tells the story of a kidnapped heiress being held hostage in a remote beachhouse on the coast of France.
The Double Life of Veronique is notable for Sławomir Idziak's innovative cinematography and Zbigniew Preisner's operatic score.
The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1991 Cannes Film Festival.
The Three Caballeros is a 1944 American live-action animated musical package film produced by Walt Disney and released by RKO Radio Pictures.
It has continued to be featured on critic lists of the greatest fantasy films ever made, as of 2017.
Green Snake is a 1993 Hong Kong fantasy film made by Tsui Hark.
The Boatniks is a 1970 American comedy film starring Robert Morse, Stefanie Powers, Don Ameche and Phil Silvers.
This led to the film being edited by both Tsui and Woo.
It stars Dennis Quaid, David Thewlis, Pete Postlethwaite, Dina Meyer, and the voice of Sean Connery.
The movie has been praised in all of these festivals as well as by directors such as Alfonso Cuarón and Guillermo del Toro.
led by Friedrich Bismark that he insists Barbara Jane try, at which point Billy Clyde slyly makes a play to win her for himself.
Christopher Walken bore an uncanny resemblance to Robert Jordan both in the physical and in his ability to appear menacing and unpredictable.
Culkin was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Musical or Comedy.
Although it is nominally based on the novel of the same name by Ernest Hemingway, the story was extensively altered for the film.
The Kid is a 2000 American fantasy comedy-drama film, directed by Jon Turteltaub and written by Audrey Wells.
The film had only moderate success at the box office despite getting positive reviews from the critics.
The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film in 1991 and is considered to belong among the best Czechoslovak films ever.
It is based on Thomas Burke's short story "The Chink and the Child" from the 1916 collection Limehouse Nights.
They find a sole survivor of that mission and bring him back.
The film also spawned an animated TV series, a 2003 prequel, and a 2014 sequel.
It is based on the autobiography of Firdaus Kanga entitled Trying to Grow.
The story contains many similarities to Mellencamp's real life.
Dogtown and Z-Boys is an award winning 2001 documentary film directed by Stacy Peralta.
It was produced by Alced Productions and Paramount Pictures.
The film has a very rare 100% rating on the film website Rotten Tomatoes based on 30 reviews.
Written by Jean-Charles Tacchella and Danièle Thompson, the film is about two cousins by marriage who meet at a wedding and develop a close friendship.
Above the Rim is a 1994 American sports film co-written, storied and directed by Jeff Pollack in his directorial debut.
The film won the Best Documentary Feature at the 2004 Santa Barbara International Film Festival.
Soldier of Orange is a 1977 Dutch film directed and co-written by Paul Verhoeven and produced by Rob Houwer, starring Rutger Hauer and Jeroen Krabbé.
The program was also broadcast in the United Kingdom on the cable network BBC Four in early April 2004.
Shopgirl is a 2005 American romantic comedy drama film directed by Anand Tucker and starring Steve Martin, Claire Danes, and Jason Schwartzman.
It was nominated for the "Grand Jury Prize" at the Sundance Film Festival and the "Grand Special Prize" at the Deauville Film Festival.
Stealing Beauty premiered in Italy in March 1996, and was officially selected for the 1996 Cannes Film Festival in France in May.
The story concerns a reporter's investigation into a secretive organization, the Parallax Corporation, whose primary focus is political assassination.
Shriek If You Know What I Did Last Friday the Thirteenth is a 2000 American direct-to-video parody film directed by John Blanchard.
Mobile Suit Gundam F91 is a 1991 anime film.
The film stars Jack Lemmon and Juliet Mills.
Considered a B film at the time of its released, it quickly disappeared from theatres, and Monroe's contract with Columbia Pictures was not renewed.
In 2000, it was deemed "culturally, historically, and aesthetically significant" and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry by the United States Library of Congress.
It will, however, be shown to invited audiences..."
The film stars Vikram, Suriya, Laila and Sangeetha in the lead and Simran making a cameo as herself.
She's the Man is a 2006 American romantic sport-comedy film directed by Andy Fickman and starring Amanda Bynes, Channing Tatum, Laura Ramsey, and Vinnie Jones.
The film was shot primarily at the Wolstein Center in Cleveland, Ohio, United States and Hamilton, Ontario, Canada at the Copps Coliseum.
was among the earliest computer-animated films to be completely independently funded.
The film has been incorrectly considered the first feature-length documentary.
The film is a remake of Red Dust, which starred Gable, Mary Astor and Jean Harlow, and was set in French Indochina.
Shadow Builder is a 1998 film directed by Jamie Dixon.
The screenplay was written by Erwin S. Gelsey, H.W.
Chiklis plays "Rawlins," a haunted police detective whose daughter is victimized by the same group and seeks answers for her gruesome death.
It won eight Saturn Awards, and a Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation.
The War Lord attempts to portray the 11th Century in a more accurate fashion as dirty, violent and ruled by brute force.
Jo Ellen Misakian, a librarian at Lone Star Elementary School in Fresno, California, and her students were responsible for inspiring Coppola to make the film.
Prabhu and Karthik played the lead roles along with Amala and Nirosha as their pairs.
The film's title is a univerbation of the Romagnolo phrase "a m'arcord".
The film stars Preity Zinta as a single teenage mother, with Chandrachur Singh, Anupam Kher, Farida Jalal and Saif Ali Khan playing supporting roles.
It has never been released on home video and prints are rarely screened in theaters.
Swati mutyam depicts the plight of a young widow who is rescued by an autistic man.
Isanapura becomes the capital of the Cambodian kingdom of Chenla.
The city of Epidaurus is destroyed by the Avars and Slavic invaders.
A soundtrack was released on vinyl and cassette.
The film starred Verónica Castro, Daniel Greco and Ana María Mazza
The movie's narrative spans the years 1961 to 1986.
The film's theme music, written by Chaplin, became the hit song "This Is My Song" for Petula Clark—a UK no.
The original film saw a sequel, Son of Lassie in 1945 with five other films following at intervals through the 1940s.
It eventually developed into a cult film and has since accumulated positive feedback.
This scene shows four little girls indulging in a pillow fight.
As of January 2017, it is the 50th highest-grossing film of all time worldwide unadjusted for inflation.
It uses a mixture of English, standard Indonesian and Jakartan slang.
It was released in November 10, 1932.
The film has no dialogue and uses minimal sound effects.
The film was directed by Michael Caton-Jones and produced by Mario Kassar, Joel B. Michaels and Andrew G. Vajna.
In a treatment setting, sobriety is the achieved goal of independence from consuming alcohol.
The film screened for over two years at the States Theatre in Bangalore.
It takes its name from the George and Ira Gershwin song "They All Laughed".
The colour version, released in November 2004, was a commercial success.
The entire cast and crew worked for free.
The film was directed by Bill Corcoran, and stars Kirk Cameron and Brad Johnson.
Then one day, in 1991, Larry Rifkin, then head of Connecticut Public Television, rented a Barney video for his daughter Leora.
In the United States, the film earned $14,000,000.
The film also stars Mary Tyler Moore, James Fox, John Gavin, Carol Channing, and Beatrice Lillie.
Directed by Frank Launder and written by Launder and Sidney Gilliat, it was the first of a series of four films.
It was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress in 2005.
It tells the story of an eccentric comedy writer who is forced to conform to society to retain legal custody of his nephew.
The film is in the public domain.
Ruth Prawer Jhabvala's screenplay was loosely based on the biography Picasso: Creator and Destroyer by Arianna Stassinopoulos Huffington.
It was written and directed by Roger Kumble, who was also responsible for the first film.
In 1988, it also became the basis of a television series adaptation of the same name.
Van Wilder gets stuck in the middle of a love triangle between Gwen and her mean-spirited boyfriend, Richard "Dick" Bagg while struggling to graduate.
Monsoon Wedding earned just above $30 million at the box office.
The film was released on December 22, 1967, received positive reviews and grossed $104.9 million.
It was released direct to video on 24 March 1993 and stars Gary Hudson, David Naughton, and India Allen.
Smiles of a Summer Night is a 1955 Swedish comedy film directed by Ingmar Bergman.
The director quotes Tarkovskij´s Stalker as the main influence for his film.
The script was based on a scientific back-story that took the characters on a psychological journey.
The film was the concluding chapter of the Scream series until the franchise was revived in 2011 with a sequel, Scream 4.
The Hudsucker Proxy is a 1994 comedy film co-written, produced, and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen.
It tells the story of a small-town Indiana high school basketball team that wins the state championship.
The second part of the title comes from the Bible using the words of the Authorized King James Version or "pleases" instead of "listeth").
Like 1972's Solaris, it won the Grand Prix at the Cannes Film Festival.
It is the first installment in a film series that has spawned five sequels.
It is an anthology film consisting of five separate segments, based on stories from EC Comics.
The plot has a detective in the film uncover several clues that connect events of the latter part of the series.
Rocket Brothers is a 2004 documentary film directed by photographer Kasper Torsting, about the Danish rock band Kashmir.
The Sea Shall Not Have Them is a 1954 British war film starring Michael Redgrave, Dirk Bogarde and Anthony Steel.
Common Law Cabin is a 1967 exploitation film directed by Russ Meyer.
It was written by Clifford Odets and based on a novel of the same name by Cornell Woolrich.
The comedians released 190 short films for the studio between 1934 and 1959.
Both of these songs have since been released as "additional tracks" on the 2004 release of the Cloud Nine CD.
The soundtrack was one of Mukesh's last soundtracks with Laxmikant-Pyarelal.
It is also a nickname of Rafael Nadal due to him being a left-handed player.
The film centers on a married couple's investigation of the death of their neighbor's wife.
An unusual slapstick mix of film noir, black comedy and B-movie conventions, the film portrays bizarre situations involving a death row inmate.
Since its release, the film has developed a cult following and was followed by four sequels and a loose remake released about 28 years later.
Angel Heart was produced by Carolco Pictures with a budget of $18 million.
Allen considered it the funniest film he had made by that time.
In his February 14, 1945, posting entitled "In the Movies", Pyle commented: "They are still calling it The Story of G.I.
The film also stars Eric Idle and Thalmus Rasulala.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story is a 2004 American sports comedy film written and directed by Rawson Marshall Thurber and starring Vince Vaughn and Ben Stiller.
White Men Can't Jump is a 1992 American sports comedy film written and directed by Ron Shelton, starring Wesley Snipes and Woody Harrelson as streetball hustlers.
It follows the conversations of women in the powder room of the Staten Island Ferry during the morning commute from Staten Island to Manhattan.
Monsieur is an honorific title that used to refer to or address the eldest living brother of the king in the French royal court.
Thomas was executed in 2000, when the death penalty for juveniles was still a legal punishment.
It spawned one theatrical sequel, as well as two direct-to-video sequels.
The film was directed by Roland Joffé and written by Joffe and Bruce Robinson.
From the Drain is a 1967 short film directed by David Cronenberg while he was in film school.
The Illyrian refugees flee to the nearby island Laus, where they found Dubrovnik.
Faust: Love of the Damned is a 2000 Spanish superhero horror film, directed by Brian Yuzna.
The original music score was composed by Giorgio Moroder.
Many critical reviews, however, cited Allen's stop motion animation as one of the film's only redeeming qualities.
The film stars Desmond Harrington, Eliza Dushku, Emmanuelle Chriqui and Jeremy Sisto.
The film was selected as the Serbian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 69th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
The Straight Story is a 1999 internationally co-produced biographical road drama film directed by David Lynch.
The film was co-written by Edward Tang, Lau Tin-chi and Tung Lu, and produced by Raymond Chow and Leonard Ho.
Battle of Antioch: Heraclius mobilises a Byzantine expeditionary force to Antioch, but is completely defeated outside the city by the Persians.
This film is considered to mark the "revival" of the Brazilian movie industry, which was until that year in a deep production crisis.
The title comes from a 19th-century poem by Cyprian Norwid and references the manner in which diamonds are formed from heat and pressure acting upon coal.
Jerry Goldsmith, composer for Star Trek: The Motion Picture, returned to score The Final Frontier.
He plays a young stoner named Snuffy, who likes to bully the local children.
Smokey and the Bandit was the second-highest-grossing film of 1977, second only to Star Wars.
The film, which took in nearly $41 million at the box office, became the highest grossing Western of the 1980s.
Originally, Disney was developing a sequel entitled Shards of Chaos, but it was abandoned once The Lost Empire was less successful than anticipated.
It is the fourth installment of the X-Men film series and the first spinoff of its standalone Wolverine trilogy.
It is the debut film of director José Padilha and co-director Felipe Lacerda.
He dies by accident during the trip to Luna.
Stage Beauty is a 2004 British-American-German romantic period drama directed by Richard Eyre.
It starts in Rågsved, a working class suburb of Stockholm, and follows Ebba Grön on tour around Sweden until the band returns to Rågsved.
Look at Me is a 2004 French drama-comedy film directed by Agnès Jaoui.
An American remake, Barefoot, was released in 2014.
It stars Kevin Costner, Amy Madigan, James Earl Jones, Ray Liotta and Burt Lancaster in his final role.
The development process was long and tortuous; there were various problems during production, including insecure financial backing, problematic casting, and numerous delays.
The Drawing Restraint series consists of 19 numbered components and related materials.
It was written, produced and directed by Andrew L. Stone and stars Dirk Bogarde, Maria Perschy and Alfred Lynch.
Kohtalon kirja is a Finnish film released in 2003.
At Anime Expo 2004, Harmony Gold USA revealed that Robotech: Shadow Force was in production to celebrate the 20th anniversary of Robotech in 2005.
The soundtrack was composed and performed by New Zealand-born singer Sharon O'Neill.
Danish teen-pop girl-group Little Trees performed the title track, "Help!
The film again stars Eddie Murphy in the title role of a doctor who can talk to animals, as well as Raven-Symoné as his daughter.
Head of State is a 2003 comedy film directed, written by, and starring Chris Rock and co-starring Bernie Mac.
The film was released on DVD on March 25, 2008.
It is also featured in The Unknown Peter Sellers and a BFI released collection of rarely-seen films from Bruce Lacey's career entitled The Lacey Rituals.
It was directed by Jean-Pierre Melville and stars Alain Delon, Andre Bourvil, Gian Maria Volontè and Yves Montand.
The Oscar-nominated screenplay was written by Valerie Curtin and Barry Levinson.
Brubaker is a 1980 American prison drama film directed by Stuart Rosenberg.
In the following year, it was awarded the prestigious Kinema Junpo critics' award as the best Japanese production released in 1949.
Encino Man is a 1992 American comedy film directed by Les Mayfield and starring Brendan Fraser, Sean Astin and Pauly Shore.
Schwartz puts in another cameo appearance, this time as the wounded criminal in front of the drug store.
The plot of this film is an interpretation of the filmmakers, and scenes portraying Soe's private life may be partly fictionalised for dramatisation.
The film was shot at St. Paul's School, Darjeeling.
Only two of the stories, however, are actually from EC's Tales from the Crypt.
Kitano's familiar elements and locales are present: drawings, vignettes, the seaside, and angels.
The film employs a novel technique of hand-drawn 2D traditional animation set atop 3D computer animation.
The film was a popular success and was nominated for two Academy Awards for its special effects and musical score.
Zemeckis approached Steven Spielberg, who agreed to produce the project at Amblin Entertainment, with Universal Pictures as distributor.
Meanwhile, an old friend, Justin, has entered her life, sparking a romance.
Kalyani decides to marry her boyfriend Ravi against her father Ramachandra Menon's wishes.
Alfred Hitchcock is credited as a title designer.
In the film, Ethan Hunt has retired from field work for the Impossible Missions Force and trains new recruits.
The film was released theatrically on August 26, 1994 in the United States, February 24, 1995 and premiered on Venice Film Festival on August 29, 1994.
After revisions were made to the MPAA ratings code, in 1997 the film was re-classified NC-17 for "some explicit sexual content".
The scene ends as rocks are thrown through the window and hit Paul.
The film was the leader of Soviet distribution in 1981 and had 47.5 million viewers.
The screenplay was written by Paul Tabori and Richard Landau, based on a radio play by Charles Eric Maine.
So Long at the Fair is a 1950 British thriller film directed by Terence Fisher and Anthony Darnborough, and starring Jean Simmons and Dirk Bogarde.
As with many Alan Clarke works, the director attempts to depict English working-class life realistically, without moralising or complex plots.
He heads to the tiny country of Cagliostro, the rumoured source of the bills, and attempts to save the runaway Clarisse from the Count Cagliostro's men.
The Inkwell is a 1994 romantic comedy/drama film, directed by Matty Rich.
In 2004 the magazine Total Film named Sexy Beast the 15th greatest British film of all time.
Yaphet Kotto, John Ashton, Dennis Farina, Joe Pantoliano and Philip Baker Hall play supporting roles.
Missile to the Moon was distributed by Astor Pictures and is a remake of another Astor Pictures-distributed film, 1953's Cat-Women of the Moon.
Andarivaadu is a 2005 Tollywood action comedy-drama film directed by Srinu Vytla.
8 Million Ways to Die is a 1986 American crime film.
The soundtrack was composed by Charles Strouse.
It was filmed at the MGM Studios lot and exteriors shot in Sun Valley, Idaho.
The Filth and the Fury is a 2000 British rockumentary film directed by Julien Temple.
Day of Wrath is a 1943 Danish drama film directed by Carl Theodor Dreyer and starring Lisbeth Movin, Thorkild Roose and Preben Lerdorff Rye.
A Sidewalk Astronomer is a 2005 documentary film about former Vedanta monk and amateur astronomer John Dobson.
Drawing Flies is a 1996 comedy film from Kevin Smith's View Askew Productions.
A young Keith Chegwin also played a small role in the film.
The story follows Cvetic, who infiltrated a local Communist Party cell for nine years and reported back to the Federal Bureau of Investigation on their activities.
It is often featured in lists of the greatest films ever made.
The film stars Val Kilmer, Gabriel Byrne, Vinnie Jones, Patrick Bergin, Joanne Whalley, Bruno Kirby, Anthony LaPaglia, Roy Dotrice, Patsy Kensit, Andy Nyman and Mick Rossi.
Bulworth is a 1998 American political comedy film co-written, co-produced, directed by, and starring Warren Beatty.
Solarbabies is a 1986 science fiction film, made by Brooksfilms and directed by Alan Johnson.
The film was released in Japan on July 12, 1997, and in the United States on October 29, 1999.
It was released in the United States on February 6, 1943.
The soundtrack was released by the Fox Music Group label on 25 November 2008.
The soundtrack was composed and orchestrated by musician Jerry Goldsmith.
It was directed by Steven Spielberg and stars John Malkovich, Miranda Richardson, Nigel Havers, and Christian Bale.
Disney initially envisioned Toy Story 2 as a direct-to-video sequel.
The voice actors for the original Norwegian version included Kristopher Schau, Jan Sælid, Are&Odin, Egil Birkeland, Terje Ragner, Anders T. Andersen and Mikkel Gaup.
The Battle of Chester, which separates the Welsh from the 'North' Welsh of Cumbria - marking the formation of Wales, is fought.
King Kong Lives is a 1986 American monster film directed by John Guillermin.
As with many of Kubrick's works, reception to Eyes Wide Shut has become more favorable since the film's initial release.
The Library of Congress selected it for preservation in the National Film Registry in 2004.
It has since been successful on cable television, VHS, DVD, and Blu-ray.
The film tells the story of Stripes, a circus zebra who is accidentally abandoned in Kentucky and raised on a farm next to a racing track.
Producer Steven-Charles Jaffe led a second unit that filmed on an Alaskan glacier that stood in for a Klingon gulag.
The film was released in the United States on February 6, 1998.
Lela Rochon, Loretta Devine, Dennis Haysbert, Michael Beach, Gregory Hines, Donald Faison, and Mykelti Williamson rounded out the rest of the cast.
It is based on the novel by Tsuneo Tomita.
The Immoral Mr. Teas is the first commercially successful film of director Russ Meyer.
Tender Mercies won Oscars for Best Original Screenplay for Foote and Best Actor for Duvall.
The film was produced by Hal Roach for Hal Roach Studios, and was released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
Jena Malone stars as a poor, physically abused and sexually molested girl.
The name itself is a pun on pronouncing the English word "Cops" with a Swedish accent.
Or they are provided with specific non-money tokens or vouchers that can be used only for a specific purpose such as a meal voucher.
Like the original film, the sequel was a success, earning even more at the box office than its predecessor, although it received mixed reviews from critics.
The movie was released in English under various titles: Ator the Invincible 2, The Blade Master, Ator, the Blade Master, Cave Dwellers and The Return.
The original "European cut" has remained a critical favorite and frequently appears in lists of the greatest gangster films of all time.
It stars Fred Astaire and Rita Hayworth and features Adolphe Menjou and Xavier Cugat, with music by Jerome Kern and lyrics by Johnny Mercer.
The screenplay is credited to both Benchley, who wrote the first drafts, and actor-writer Carl Gottlieb, who rewrote the script during principal photography.
Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore is a 1974 American comedy drama film directed by Martin Scorsese and written by Robert Getchell.
Gwyneth Paltrow is featured in an early role.
It stars Cheech Marin, Tommy Chong, Paul Reubens, Stacy Keach, Evelyn Guerrero, Sandra Bernhard, and Timothy Leary.
The film is a loosely based fictional portrayal of events relating to the Wounded Knee incident in 1973.
Independently produced by Eric d'Arbeloff, Ross Katz and Fall, the film was written by Jason Schafer and directed by Jim Fall.
August 13 – Empress Eudokia, wife of Heraclius, dies of epilepsy.
In late 1973, he developed a deal with Columbia Pictures for a science fiction film.
It is about the escapades of Lady Helen working as a domestic in a boarding house.
Some of the scenes were shot in Merchant Taylors School, Northwood.
According to David Zucker on the DVD commentary track, David Letterman auditioned for the role of the newscaster but was not selected.
The film was a phenomenal success at the Kerala box-office, it broke all existing records in Malayalam cinema until then.
Despite a mediocre response from critics and the failure to recoup its production budget at the box office, the film launched the Goal!
The film received an Academy Award nomination for Best Visual Effects.
When he eventually vacated the director's position, Spacey, along with Darin's son Dodd, acquired the film rights.
Porco Rosso is a 1992 Japanese animated comedy-adventure film written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki.
She appeared as a bath girl in You Only Live Twice under the name Yee-Wah Yang.
The film's writers were the team of David Zucker, Jim Abrahams, and Jerry Zucker, who subsequently wrote and directed Airplane!, Top Secret!, and the Police Squad!
Bitter Jester is a documentary starring Maija DiGiorgio, Kenny Simmons, Jody Del Giorno and Heather McConnell.
Many films of the genre followed, starring Necro, Mystikal, Too Short, Ice-T and Yukmouth.
The film marks the on-screen debut of Woodstock, who had first appeared in the strip in 1967.
It was entered into the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.
Doki-Doki is a Japanese short film that addresses the themes of isolation and disconnectness amidst the crowded subways cars of Japan.
It was rated TV-MA in the United States by the TV Parental Guidelines.
It is based on the book Auschwitz: A Doctor's Eyewitness Account written by Dr. Miklós Nyiszli.
At the 75th Academy Awards, the film was nominated for the Best Foreign Language Film Oscar.
John Dos Passos narrated parts of the film, and the commentary was written by Dos Passos, Ernest Hemingway, Archibald MacLeish, and Prudencio de Pareda.
It was released on the September 9, 1994.
Devil's Pond is a 2003 American direct-to-video thriller film directed by Joel Viertel, who co-wrote it with Alek Friedman and Mora Stephens.
The film about religious tolerance became a landmark in Bollywood masala films.
The Farmer's Wife is a 1928 British silent romantic comedy film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Jameson Thomas, Lillian Hall-Davis and Gordon Harker.
There was a lot of publicity for the movie.
Something has infected him during the spaceflight, and he begins mutating into an alien organism which, if it spores, will engulf the Earth and destroy humanity.
Back to the Future is a 1985 American science-fiction adventure comedy film directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Zemeckis and Bob Gale.
It also contains a hidden political satire layer specific to the time and place of its production.
An initial draft of the screenplay was written by American filmmaker Michael Almereyda.
It stars Ajay Devgn, Madhoo, Aruna Irani, Jagdeep and Amrish Puri among others.
However, "cobweb" is used to describe the tangled three-dimensional web of some spiders of the theridiidae family.
It is directed by and starring Jacques Godbout.
Jyothika and Vadivelu were each awarded a Kalaimamani Award for their work on the film.
The supporting cast features Robert Young, Robert Stack, Frank Morgan, Dan Dailey, Ward Bond and Maria Ouspenskaya.
The Devil's Own is a 1997 American thriller film starring Harrison Ford, Brad Pitt, Rubén Blades, Natascha McElhone, Julia Stiles, and Treat Williams.
The Fly II is a 1989 science fiction horror film starring Eric Stoltz and Daphne Zuniga.
In Japan the film was given an R-18 rating by the Japanese Film Ethics Commission.
The narrative on deck involves the process of casting a 25-ton petroleum jelly sculpture, which rivals the scale of a whale.
Producer Chris Columbus rewrote the script, adding in elements of satire about the commercialization of Christmas, and the project was picked up by 20th Century Fox.
Since its release, the picture has become a cult film, and received a rare NC-17 rating for its release in the U.S.
Reeve plays Richard Collier, a playwright who becomes obsessed with a photograph of a young woman at the Grand Hotel.
Moore focuses on the background and environment in which the massacre took place and some common public opinions and assumptions about related issues.
Through self-hypnosis, he travels back in time to the year 1912 to find love with actress Elise McKenna.
The only surviving print is located at the UCLA film archive, and can be viewed at the Instructional Media Lab, Powell Library, after making an appointment.
Red's Dream is a 1987 American computer-animated short film produced by Pixar and directed by John Lasseter.
This was Ramis' first feature film and was a major boost to Dangerfield's film career; previously, he was known mostly for his stand-up comedy.
Like Henson's Muppets, the Feebles are animal-figured puppets who are members of a stage troupe.
White Man's Burden is a 1995 American drama film about racism in an alternative America where black and white Americans have reversed cultural roles.
Schultze Gets the Blues is a 2003 German comedy-drama film, the first directed and written by Michael Schorr.
It is based on the novel of the same name by Gerald Kersh.
The film was released in the United States on January 12, 1996.
Initial support was minimal, with all production companies showing no interest.
Shahin Vahmanzadegan makes further inroads into Central and Western Anatolia.
The project allows people around the world to participate online, and lists everyone who joins the crew a "Special Thanks" in the film credits.
The Makioka Sisters is a 1983 drama film directed by Kon Ichikawa based on the serial novel of the same name by Jun'ichirō Tanizaki.
After leaving the theater, he was shot to death by federal agents.
The music is composed by Pritam with lyrics by Sayeed Quadri.
In the early 1970s, a third feature version was re-edited for the 16mm home movie market, using story material from the entire serial.
It had also released on Blu-ray on March 29, 2011.
The screenplay by Stewart Stern is based on the 1966 novel A Jest of God by Canadian author Margaret Laurence.
Hiroshima Witness was produced in 1986 by the Hiroshima Peace Cultural Center and NHK, the public broadcasting company of Japan.
It won two Goya Awards in 1999.
Three Men and a Little Lady is a 1990 American comedy film, and the sequel to the 1987 film Three Men and a Baby.
Berlin Babylon is a 2001 German documentary film directed by Hubertus Siegert with industrial music performed by Einstürzende Neubauten.
The film stars Irene Dunne in the titular role, as well as Barbara Bel Geddes, Philip Dorn, Ellen Corby, and Oskar Homolka.
A new restoration by Janus Films and The Criterion Collection was screened at the Film Forum in New York January 1–12, 2016.
Co-stars include Laura San Giacomo, Vincent D'Onofrio, Shirley Knight, Lesley Boone and Harris Yulin.
The picture stars Charles McGraw, Marie Windsor and Jacqueline White.
It was directed by Stefan Ruzowitzky and stars Matt LeBlanc and Eddie Izzard.
Robot Stories is a 2003 American independent anthology science fiction comedy-drama film written and directed by Greg Pak.
It also won the Grand Jury Prize: Documentary at the Sundance Film Festival.
Despite mixed critical reviews, Airport '77 was a box office hit with earnings of $30 million;  making the film the 19th highest-grossing picture of 1977.
The fictional story focuses on the creation of a banana republic in the Caribbean, and the events that follow it.
One point which marks the animation studio of this film is that to save money there are many scenes which are monochromatic.
The director reportedly was inspired to make the film after he entered a much higher tax bracket after his success with The Funeral.
Blood Debts is a 1983 Philippine action film directed by Teddy Page and starring Richard Harrison.
It was screened at various film festivals in North America and Europe, and won the top prize at the 1982 Chicago International Film Festival.
Ten of the films were screened at the 2000 Toronto International Film Festival and some shown on Channel 4 television.
It was released in the United States on March 14, 2003.
The film was directed by Philip Saville and co-produced by Canadian producer Garth Drabinsky and British producer Chris Chrisafis.
Director Wurzburg has called Rubin "the Helen Keller of her generation."
Many of Deneuve's costumes were designed by Yves St. Laurent.
It stars Vincent Gallo, Tricia Vessey, Béatrice Dalle and Alex Descas.
The film was directed by Michael Apted.
The production companies were Steven Spielberg's Amblin Entertainment, also responsible for the rest of the Jurassic Park franchise, and Thomas Tull's Legendary Pictures.
Despite the favorable reviews, the film did not achieve financial success, earning only $284,785 at the box office.
It was the longest film ever made at the time of its release, but has since been superseded by many other films.
Pete's Dragon is the title of two Disney family films:
The film's sets were designed by the German art director Alfred Junge.
The film is number 32 on AFI's 100 Years... 100 Thrills.
It stars musicians who act as themselves: Czech folk music band Čechomor, musicians and poets Jaromír Nohavica, Karel Plihal and British musician and composer Jaz Coleman.
The film stars hip hop artist Bow Wow as the leader of a roller skating crew in 1970s Chicago.
The film was released theatrically on January 27, 2006 and was critically panned as critics felt that a sequel was unnecessary.
It is a love triangle directed by Deepak Shivdasani.
The film was produced on a $40-million budget and was filmed back-to-back with its sequel, Part III.
The Special Extended Edition was released to DVD on 12 November 2002 and to Blu-ray Disc on 28 June 2011.
It is notable for being the first of sixteen film collaborations between director Kurosawa and actor Toshiro Mifune.
The film won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film in 1981.
Smith announced in February 2017 that he was writing a sequel called Jay and Silent Bob Reboot and hoped to start filming in summer 2017.
A soundtrack album was released simultaneously and featured such songs as "The Honey Tree" and "Birthday, Birthday."
The film received a mixed critical response upon release, and later won an Academy Award for Sound Editing.
It is also worth of mentioning, the presence of Einar Örn Benediktsson’s punk group Purrkur Pillnikk, which appeared with two tracks: “Ovænt” and “Gluggagægir”.
Ray Winstone, John Hurt and Jim Broadbent are also part of the supporting cast.
Madhuri Dixit earned a Filmfare Best Actress nomination for her role but won the award for her performance in Hum Aapke Hain Koun..!.
The film premiered In Competition at the 2003 Cannes Film Festival and was awarded the Jury Prize and the Prize of the Ecumenical Jury.
Unlike A Very Merry Pooh Year and Seasons of Giving, Springtime with Roo does not reuse episodes from The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh.
Though made in Germany, it is set in America and features an American cast with all English dialogue.
it was released theatrically on December 21, 1967.
It tells the story of two very different men competing in the final match of the World Chess Championship.
The film was produced by David O. Selznick of Selznick International Pictures and directed by Victor Fleming.
Fincher and Koepp brought together a crew of people with whom each had worked before.
However, the international release of the film contained only two stories, missing out the second.
Bresson's direction demanded a purposeful lack of emotion in the acting style, and reduced or eliminated the fantastical elements of the Grail legend.
Other cast members include Bradley Whitford, Ed Lauter, and Barry Sobel.
The film was notable for its recreation of the Tyagaraja Aradhana music festival and the extensive use of time slice photography in an action sequence.
The film was selected as a film text by the Victorian Curriculum and Assessment Authority for the VCE English Course from 2007 to 2010.
The Dadshuttle centers on the communication breakdown between a father and his son, who is gay.
Turn Left, Turn Right is a 2003 joint Hong Kong-Singaporean romance film, filmed in Taipei, Taiwan.
The film opened to very positive reviews from critics and won Best Picture at the 2004 Fantasporto Film Festival.
Humphries would later achieve fame with the character of Dame Edna in the UK and USA.
Merendino created the film based on his experience growing up in Salt Lake City.
The film is about a femme fatale named Phyllis who tells her sordid story from her prison cell in flashback.
Two pop music stars, Carole King and John Sebastian, contributed several songs.
The Black Rose is a 1950 20th Century Fox Technicolor film starring Tyrone Power and Orson Welles, loosely based on Thomas B. Costain's book.
It is further notable for being one of the films that Schwarzenegger admits regretting having appeared in.
It was written by Jeremy Brock and directed by John Madden.
Instead they fashioned a modern story loosely based on the book.
The plot follows Jerilee Randall, an aspiring screenwriter who deals with many abusive men in her attempts to achieve success in Hollywood.
The film closely follows the real story of foundling Kaspar Hauser, using the text of actual letters found with Hauser.
A remake of the film was released in 1955 under the name The Rains of Ranchipur.
In each room, he encounters various real and fictional people from various periods in the city's 300-year history.
The film is also the last film to feature Richard Harris as Professor Albus Dumbledore, due to his death that same year.
Somewhere between 57,000 and 66,500 citizens are slain; another 35,000 are enslaved, including the Patriarch Zacharias.
The film stars Joaquin Phoenix and John Travolta.
Dead Bang is a 1989 American action film directed by John Frankenheimer and starring Don Johnson.
Flying Padre is a 1951 short subject black-and-white documentary film.
First Knight is a 1995 medieval film based on Arthurian legend, directed by Jerry Zucker.
The film was the directorial debut of Russell Mulcahy, who would go on to direct Highlander.
The film was a major commercial success, and became the fourth highest grossing domestic film of 2003 with 3,522,747 tickets sold nationwide.
This movie was remade in Tamil as Nandalala.
It was directed by Mervyn LeRoy and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
Hackman won an Academy Award for Best Actor for the original The French Connection and he and Fernando Rey are the only returning cast members.
The film follows a group of military nurses sent to the Philippines during the early days of World War II.
The plot was inspired by the kidnapping and trial of the German Nazi SS-Obersturmbannführer Adolf Eichmann, who was one of the major organizers of the Holocaust.
Jones invents a man-powered airplane and a sleep-learning system.
De Niro won the National Society of Film Critics award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as John "Johnny Boy" Civello.
Gilbert Sicotte narrates the film as the adult Léolo.
Though the lead actor Abhishek Bacchan was shown living in Fursatganj, those scenes were shot in Agra.
The film's theme song, "Love for the Last Time," is performed by Carole King.
A French-language version, called Une heure près de toi was made simultaneously, with Lili Damita playing Genevieve Tobin's role.
The Machinist is a 2004 psychological thriller film directed by Brad Anderson and written by Scott Kosar.
Nevada Smith depicts Smith's first meeting with another "Carpetbaggers" character, Jonas Cord Sr., but the two films' stories are otherwise unrelated.
It is based on the novel of the same name by Cathy Cash Spellman.
As the film progresses, the guests go through an emotional and physical transformation slowly transfiguring from land mammals into sea mammals, as they fall in love.
The film Ek Ajnabee is directed by Apoorva Lakhia, with Amitabh Bachchan playing Denzel Washington's role.
Yeh Raaste Hain Pyaar Ke is a 2001 Bollywood romantic drama film.
A sequel, Garfield: A Tail of Two Kitties, was released in June 2006.
The film was Fincher's fifth feature film, following Fight Club.
The screenplay was written by Arnaud d'Usseau and Julian Zimet.
Robert Forster was also met with universal acclaim for his performance.
Rush Hour 3 was released on August 10, 2007, in the United States.
The sequel, Madea's Family Reunion, was released on February 25, 2006.
The novel was the second in a trilogy of novels, preceded by The Flag, and followed by A Card from Morocco.
Pähkähullu Suomi is a 1967 comedy by Spede Pasanen.
Despite the overwhelmingly negative reception from critics, the film was a commercial success and has become one of Chuck Norris's most popular films.
The Fog is a 1980 American horror film directed by John Carpenter, who also co-wrote the screenplay and created the music for the film.
Kippur premiered in theaters nationwide in Israel on October 5, 2000.
It follows the remake of another one of Castle's films, House on Haunted Hill, and was shot entirely around Lower Mainland, British Columbia.
is an acronym for "Cannibalistic Humanoid Underground Dweller".
Thank God He Met Lizzie is a 1997 Australian romantic comedy film starring Cate Blanchett and Richard Roxburgh.
The film was originally called Wannabe, but was retitled prior to release.
The series holds the Guinness World Record for the longest-running movie series starring a single actor.
This film would be followed by one last sequel in 1997, this time a direct-to-video film, Honey, We Shrunk Ourselves.
Filming took place from January to May 2008.
13 Ghosts is a 1960 American horror film written by Robb White and directed by William Castle.
The 1998 film was a box office success, despite mixed reviews from critics.
The film is based on the novel English August by Upamanyu Chatterjee.
They must battle the greedy but lovable giant in order to restore peace to their valley.
A print exists in the British Film Institute National Archive, which makes it available for viewing on their website.
This is the first production made by both Columbia and TriStar Pictures.
Aguirre’s visual style and narrative elements had a strong influence on Francis Ford Coppola's 1979 film Apocalypse Now.
Raiders of the Lost Ark is often ranked as one of the greatest films of all time, both in the action-adventure genre, and in general.
It stars John Heard as Stephenson and Mel Harris as Oberholtzer.
The story follows the Dashwood sisters, members of a wealthy English family of landed gentry, as they must deal with circumstances of sudden destitution.
It tells the story of a young woman, always unlucky in love, finally finding true love in a very shy young man.
Chaplin plays opposite an animal as "co-star".
The film ends with a dedication to Atsumi Kiyoshi.
The film is about two half-brothers who come into conflict with each other in their claim for legitimacy as sons of a common father.
The film stars Bill Murray, Aykroyd and Ramis as three eccentric parapsychologists who start a ghost-catching business in New York City.
Inglourious Basterds grossed over $321 million in theaters worldwide, making it Tarantino's highest-grossing film until the release of Django Unchained; it remains his second-highest grossing film.
Upon release, the film met with critical acclaim and Vikram won the National Film Award for Best Actor for his role as Chithan.
Can't Help Singing is a 1944 American musical Western film directed by Frank Ryan and starring Deanna Durbin, Robert Paige, and Akim Tamiroff.
The screenplay was written by Zdeněk Svěrák, the director's father.
It won the Golden Bear at the 22nd Berlin International Film Festival.
It was originally released as a double feature with Invasion of the Saucer Men.
Bryan Singer at one point planned to direct the film with Johnny Depp in the lead role, but the production was canceled.
The story starts at a book signing event and leads to the memories of the two lovers encounters.
It was shown at various film festivals nationally and internationally.
The Big Parade is a 1925 American silent film directed by King Vidor and starring John Gilbert, Renée Adorée, Hobart Bosworth, and Claire McDowell.
Jaws 2 was followed by Jaws 3-D and Jaws: The Revenge, released in 1983 and 1987, respectively.
I am home," in response to the query, "Why don't you go home?"
Pesci was an unknown actor prior to the film, as was Moriarty, who was suggested for her role by Pesci.
It co-stars Traylor Howard, Kal Penn, Steven Wright, and Bob Hoskins as Odin.
The Byzantine army, ruined by defeat and corruption, offers only half-hearted opposition.
Along with the Mickey's PhilharMagic theme park attraction, this production was one of the first to depict the Mickey Mouse series characters with 3D computer animation.
The picture was filmed in the curved-screen three-projector Cinerama process.
Lee's first major film, it was written for James Tien.
The film is now available for free download on the Internet Archive.
He visited China to absorb the culture and get to know the China National Symphony Orchestra as part of his preparation.
The film was a box office hit upon its release.
Before long, strange things begin to happen, and the tide of disbelief turns hostile.
Patton won seven Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director and Best Original Screenplay.
Sweet and Lowdown is one of the better-received later works by Allen.
Photographing Fairies is a 1997 British fantasy film based on Steve Szilagyi's 1992 novel of the same name.
It tells the story of a man named Arthur Harris who is recently abandoned by his wife.
The setting is shifted from California to Louisiana.
Bad Lieutenant is a 1992 American neo-noir crime drama film directed by Abel Ferrara.
Pretty Persuasion is a 2005 American black comedy/satirical film about a 15-year-old schoolgirl who makes an allegation of sexual harassment against her drama teacher.
Patricia Wilson, Felix Silla, Michael Dorn, and Robert Vaughn also are in Demon Seed.
Vampyr was challenging for Dreyer to make as it was his first sound film and had to be recorded in three languages.
The film stars Sean Connery, Donald Sutherland, and Lesley-Anne Down; it was released in the US as The Great Train Robbery.
Reptilicus is a 1961 Danish-American giant monster film about a prehistoric reptile.
The film was released on August 9, 1985, grossing over $40 million in North America.
The film stars Joe Absolom, Lukas Haas and Tom Bell.
The main shooting took place in the nearby town of Trollhättan, the location of Film i Väst's studios.
7 1/2 Phere: More Than a Wedding is a 2005 Bollywood comedy film directed by Ishaan Trivedi and produced by Sonal Malhotra and Nimit Modawal.
It was written and directed by John Leekley, and produced by Julius R. Nasso, Steven Seagal, and John P. Gulino.
The film stars Gary Oldman as Orton, Alfred Molina as Halliwell, Wallace Shawn as Lahr and Vanessa Redgrave as Peggy Ramsay.
The Legend of Frosty the Snowman is a 2005 American/Canadian direct-to-video animated film produced by Classic Media and Studio B Productions.
With the wrapping of filming for Shanghai Triad the two agreed to end their relationship both professionally and personally.
A self-named "existential comedy", I ♥ Huckabees follows a couple of detectives, hired to investigate the meaning of the life of their clients.
The film features Ajaykumar as the dwarf prince Gajendra.
The Life and Times of Grizzly Adams is a 1974 independent feature film inspired by a 1972 historical fiction novella written by Charles E. Sellier Jr..
Prison on Fire is a 1987 Hong Kong action film directed by Ringo Lam and starring Chow Yun-fat and Tony Leung Ka-fai.
Red Nightmare was directed by George Waggner and narrated by Jack Webb.
I Walked with a Zombie is a 1943 horror film directed by Jacques Tourneur.
In its first ever film acquisition, MTV Films eventually acquired Better Luck Tomorrow after it debuted at The Sundance Film Festival.
It was entered into the 49th Berlin International Film Festival.
The film released in the United States on 11 February 2005 and was well received by critics.
The population flees to the walled palac, which is able to hold out.
The film also stars Aidan Quinn, Gloria Estefan, and Angela Bassett.
When the two dogs meet, they embark on many romantic adventures.
It stars Blythe Danner, Roy Scheider, Noah Wyle, and Julianne Moore.
The goal was to get the audience to care for both Batman and Bruce Wayne.
Stoltz's character in this sequel is the adult son of Seth Brundle, the scientist-turned-'Brundlefly', played by Jeff Goldblum in the 1986 remake.
The film also features a period score by Brooks' longtime composer John Morris.
Fight Back To School is a 1991 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Gordon Chan and starring Stephen Chow.
Little by little, a local doctor uncovers this "quiet" invasion and attempts to stop it.
The film's climax occurs after Christ's resurrection, when Jesus appears in the Americas.
was one of the highest-grossing films of the year in the province.
It was the tenth-highest-grossing film of 2004.
The film explores themes of coming of age, drug and club cultures, as well as relationships.
De Havilland won the Academy Award for Best Actress.
It was released in 1941 and was directed by W. S. Van Dyke.
It received some positive reviews from Variety and Phil Hardy.
New Pillow Fight, also titled Daughters' Pillow Fight, is the name of a very early short comedy film, released in 1897.
The Tall Guy is a 1989 British romantic comedy and the feature film debut of screenwriter Richard Curtis and director Mel Smith.
Sword of Gideon is a 1986 television film about Mossad agents hunting down terrorists associated with the 1972 Munich massacre.
Westworld is an American science fiction–thriller media franchise.
In two cases, different takes were used.
The film dialogue is all sung as recitative, including casual conversation.
Keaton served as technical adviser on the film.
It was also screened out of competition at the 2003 Cannes Film Festival.
Production funding came from investors in China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, and the United States.
It concerns the trials and tribulations of a grocer as he battles a shrewish wife, an incompetent assistant, and assorted annoying children, customers, and salesmen.
The story is about a 16-year-old Israeli boy by the name of Shlomi, who cares for everyone in his life but himself.
I'll Remember April is a 1999 American family drama film starring Pat Morita, Pam Dawber, Haley Joel Osment, Mark Harmon and Yuki Tokuhiro.
How Much Wood Would a Woodchuck Chuck is a 1976 documentary film by German director Werner Herzog, produced by Werner Herzog Filmproduktion.
The movie is about the Lapland gold rush in the end of the 19th century.
It was filmed in and around Santa Fe, New Mexico, where the story is set.
They Knew What They Wanted is a 1940 film with Carole Lombard, Charles Laughton and William Gargan, directed by Garson Kanin, written by Robert Ardrey.
Hells Angels on Wheels is a 1967 American biker film directed by Richard Rush, and starring Adam Roarke, Jack Nicholson, and Sabrina Scharf.
The film co-stars Pam Grier, Sharon Stone, Daniel Faraldo and Henry Silva.
The film is about an egoistic music teacher envious of the extraordinary talent of his prodigious young disciple.
The railroad station is misspelled 'Alleghany City.'
It's All True is an unfinished Orson Welles feature film comprising three stories about Latin America.
The film's plot revolves around a genetically engineered Suchomimus terrorizing the lake-side residents of a small town.
Ring of Bright Water is a 1969 British-American feature film starring Bill Travers and Virginia McKenna.
on his show by a cymbal-banging monkey toy.
The film was released on video as "Germany Between The Wars."
It stars Marcello Mastroianni, Ugo Tognazzi, Michel Piccoli, Philippe Noiret and Andréa Ferréol.
The film tells the story of high school loser Dizzy Gillespie Harrison.
It stars Axel Jodorowsky, Adan Jodorowsky, Teo Jodorowsky, Blanca Guerra, Thelma Tixou and Guy Stockwell.
It draws comparisons to the American classic Bonnie and Clyde but without dark elements, and the lead characters do not die a bloody death.
The movie was rated G in most countries.
The film's score and soundtrack were composed by A. R. Rahman, while Ravi K. Chandran was the cinematographer and Sreekar Prasad was the editor.
The film contains a series of interviews with native Chagossians, who have been deprived of their right of return and forced to live in abject poverty.
It was Chan's first traditional style martial arts film since The Young Master and Dragon Lord.
Brancaleone is an actual historical name, meaning the paw of lions in heraldry jargon.
The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2004, and was later screened at the Cannes Film Festival that spring.
Boy is waiting for the end of the world and carves Kachina dolls, believing they contain magical powers.
Fogle, like the characters in his story, was a long-time drug user and dealer.
Shot mostly on location on Martha's Vineyard in Massachusetts, the film had a troubled production, going over budget and past schedule.
Death Watch is a 1980 science fiction film directed by Bertrand Tavernier.
The title is a pun and can be literally taken as "How to Get a Head in Advertising".
Sunil Shetty, Juhi Chawla, Rajpal Yadav and Amitabh Bachchan have supporting roles in the film.
Heathers is a 1989 American black comedy film written by Daniel Waters and directed by Michael Lehmann.
Greenson is perhaps best known for his patients, who included Marilyn Monroe, Frank Sinatra, Tony Curtis and Vivien Leigh.
DOA: Dead or Alive is a 2006 ensemble martial arts film loosely based on the Tecmo/Team Ninja fighting game series Dead or Alive.
This was the only western made by Mankiewicz, director of such notable films as All About Eve, Guys and Dolls and Cleopatra.
The film is a firsthand account of Dahmer's lifestyle as a serial killer.
Bartley and Ó Briain conceived of the film after Bartley returned from documenting the aftermath of the 1999 Vargas mudslides for an Irish charity.
The Plastic Age is a 1925 black-and-white silent film, starring Clara Bow, Donald Keith, and Gilbert Roland in his film debut.
It was produced by Lorenzo O'Brien, who also wrote the screenplay, and stars Roberto Sosa, Bruno Bichir, Zaide Silvia Gutiérrez and Vanessa Bauche.
Pushing Tin is a 1999 comedy-drama film directed by Mike Newell.
The soundtrack music is by John Cale.
It was edited for the American release as the Japanese version contained a few scenes that were considered too intense for American children.
It was based on the novel Stranger at Home, which was credited to film actor George Sanders but was actually ghostwritten by Leigh Brackett.
The true life story was later recreated in the television movie, The Man Who Broke 1,000 Chains starring Val Kilmer.
Among the bands featured are Kilkenny Cats, Flat Duo Jets, Time Toy, the Bar-B-Que Killers, Dreams So Real, and Love Tractor.
Dax attempts to defend them against a charge of cowardice in a court-martial.
Lili is a 1953 American film released by MGM.
Breaking the Waves has been described as "perhaps von Trier's most widely acclaimed film".
As the different investigations cross paths, their rival and nemesis tries to drag their clients into her own views on the meaning of their lives.
The story is based on the 1962 novel One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest by Ken Kesey
Must Be the Music offers a frank depiction of urban gay youth.
The film received the prestigious Grand Prix of the Belgian Film Critics Association.
The film stars Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter alongside Rupert Grint and Emma Watson as Harry's best friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger.
It was also the first film to feature Leo the Lion as the mascot MGM logo.
Vincent Gallo and Christina Ricci star in the lead roles and the supporting cast includes Mickey Rourke, Rosanna Arquette, Ben Gazzara, and Anjelica Huston.
The film was primarily shot on location in Zimbabwe and in Kenya due to political turmoil in South Africa at the time of production.
M was also recast, with actress Judi Dench becoming the first woman to portray the character, replacing Robert Brown.
Eat the Rich is a 1987 British black comedy film, directed by Peter Richardson.
Vampyr is a 1932 German–French horror film directed by Danish director Carl Theodor Dreyer.
They both fell in love with a beautiful local girl, granddaughter of an old tailor and known to everyone as the Little Seamstress.
The original Danish-language version was directed by Danish director Poul Bang and released in Denmark on February 25, 1961.
The Plague of the Zombies is a 1966 Hammer film directed by John Gilling.
Two hours later, he wired the money we needed into a bank account and saved us."
It was Hammer's first colour horror film, and the first of their Frankenstein series.
The film is a sequel to 1987's Prison on Fire.
It stars Gina McKee and Aidan Gillen.
It is the 32nd Disney animated feature film, and the fourth animated film produced during a period known as the Disney Renaissance.
The film was first released in Shanghai, China on 5 December 2004.
In My Father's Den is a 2004 New Zealand film written and directed by Brad McGann and starring Matthew Macfadyen and Emily Barclay.
The original concept poster was designed by Associate Producer Josh Shanks and Travis Bow.
It was released in the US by RKO under the US title on 15 April 1954.
All four also star in the video.
The screenplay by Harold Medford and Jerome Weidman was based on the story "Case History" by Gertrude Walker.
Lila Says is a 2004 French film directed by Ziad Doueiri.
The soundtrack features songs by Elton John and Tim Rice, as well as composers Hans Zimmer and John Powell.
Filming took 7 days at iconic locations across Sydney, majority of which were on the Northern Beaches peninsular.
Tout va bien is a 1972 film directed by Jean-Luc Godard and collaborator Jean-Pierre Gorin and starring Jane Fonda and Yves Montand.
The film stars Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter, alongside Rupert Grint and Emma Watson as Harry's best friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger.
It was the first animated feature film to receive an X rating in the United States.
The film was inspired by Upton Sinclair's novel Oil!.
Reiner modeled this film on straight-faced rock docs such as the Maysles Brothers' Gimme Shelter.
The title pays tribute to Herschell Gordon Lewis's 2000 Maniacs, as Waters states in his book Shock Value.
The only feature-length film directed by graphic designer and filmmaker Saul Bass, it stars Michael Murphy, Nigel Davenport and Lynne Frederick.
In the years since its release, the film's reputation has grown substantially.
The Alligator People is a 1959 CinemaScope science fiction horror film directed by Roy Del Ruth.
The film paid tribute to star Tupac Shakur, who was murdered four months prior to the film's release.
The Night of the Generals is a 1967 Franco-British-American Second World War crime mystery film directed by Anatole Litvak and produced by Sam Spiegel.
Day for Night is a 1973 French film directed by François Truffaut.
It is a collection of subversive comedy sketches and routines relating to the peace movement.
The story, set in a fictional medieval kingdom, follows a young wizard who experiences danger and opposition as he attempts to defeat a dragon.
Dragons Forever is a 1988 Hong Kong martial arts action comedy film directed by Sammo Hung, who also co-stars in the film.
It was directed by Tom McLoughlin and written by Wesley Bishop and Richard Kletter.
Two new adaptations of Diabolik were announced in the 2000s, but neither went into production.
The film's Oscar-nominated score was composed by Frank De Vol.
Budgeted at about $80–$85 million, the film has earned $90.8 million in gross revenue worldwide.
It features various HIV positive patients coping with the disease in times when the use of ARV medicine was strongly discouraged by the South African government.
The Sorcerers is a 1967 British science fiction/horror film directed by Michael Reeves, starring Boris Karloff, Catherine Lacey, Ian Ogilvy, and Susan George.
Released on June 15, 1979, the film was followed by Rocky III in 1982.
At the 1946 Cannes Film Festival, it won the Grand Prix and the Best Actress award for Michèle Morgan.
The film has received a warm reception from film critics and the LGBT community, and has become a cult film.
The film stars Paul Newman, Joanne Woodward, and Anthony Franciosa, and is a sequel to Harper.
While it is the final film in the series, the Matrix storyline is continued in The Matrix Online.
This film was the first pairing of Grant and Hepburn, who later starred together in Bringing Up Baby, Holiday, and The Philadelphia Story.
Jaws: The Revenge is a 1987 American horror thriller film.
The film stars Sonny Chiba in his third feature film.
It has a 27% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
A sequel Abar Aranye directed by Goutam Ghose was released in 2003.
The Tuxedo is a 2002 American comedy–action film directed by Kevin Donovan and starring Jackie Chan, Jennifer Love Hewitt and Jason Isaacs.
Hans Christian Andersen is a 1952 Hollywood musical film directed by Charles Vidor, with lyrics and music by Frank Loesser.
Lady Beware is a 1987 American thriller film, directed by Karen Arthur.
While many praised Nielsen's acting and its humor, most found the script, story and its direction lame.
The film was directed by Miloš Forman and also features Danny DeVito, Courtney Love, and Paul Giamatti.
Kanga played himself in this film about Britain, India, race and sex.
Gentleman's Agreement is a 1947 drama film which was based on Laura Z. Hobson's best selling novel of the same name.
The movie was adapted by Zoë Akins from the novel by Timothy Shea.
The film has since become a cult film.
This film, which was MGM's first all-talking Technicolor film, is partially lost, as there are no known complete prints of this film.
It introduced the pipe-smoking, well-meaning but clumsy character of Monsieur Hulot, who appears in Tati's subsequent films, including Mon Oncle, Playtime, and Trafic.
The film grossed slightly over $US1 million.
In 2010, Saturday Night Fever was deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant" by the Library of Congress and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry.
Ninne Pelladata is a 1996 Telugu romance film, produced by Nagarjuna Akkineni on Annapurna Studios banner, directed by Krishna Vamsi.
The title is derived from domestic and international political criticisms that the foreign policy of the United States frequently and unilaterally tries to "police the world".
Most of the lead roles are played by non-actors.
It stars Peter Cushing as Baron Frankenstein and Susan Denberg as his new creation.
Leo the Lion first appeared in the logo for Goldwyn Pictures Corporation in 1916, and the logo passed to MGM when the companies merged.
The second part, "They Shalt Not Pass", was based on a short film No Pasaran!
The rest of the recorded material would be considered standup comedy.
The Beast of Yucca Flats is a B-movie horror film released in 1961.
The film was remade in Telugu as Khaidi No.
The movie introduced the song "You'll Never Know", which was sung by Alice Faye and won an Academy Award for best original song.
The character was made older in the script so Bogart could play the part.
Czechoslovakia 1968 is a 1969 short documentary film about the "Prague Spring", the Russian invasion of Czechoslovakia.
The story appeared in King's collection Four Past Midnight.
The picture involves a pair of embattled truck drivers and was released in the UK under the title The Road to Frisco.
It garnered positive reviews and was theatrically reissued in 1949, when it was shown on a double bill with the first reissue of Dumbo.
It portrays Spain of the 17th century using both fictional and real characters.
Crooklyn is a 1994 semi-autobiographical film co-written and directed by Spike Lee.
It is characterized as circus-like, sometimes frenzied or haunting, and features percussion to give it a metallic, technological or futuristic flavor.
Development for the film started in 1980, but did not progress until 1997, when the film rights to Abagnale's book were sold to Spielberg's DreamWorks.
King Ralph is also a nickname for Canadian politician Ralph Klein.
Kitano's inspiration for the character was his own father, Kikujiro Kitano, a gambler who struggled to feed his family and pay the rent.
The film was directed by David Nutter, who was a director and producer of The X-Files as well as a director and co-executive producer of Millennium.
Wild Zero was shown as part of the Midnight Madness series at the 2000 Toronto International Film Festival.
Le Magnifique is a French movie released in 1973, starring Jacqueline Bisset and Jean-Paul Belmondo.
Terry-Thomas appeared as Sir Cuthbert Ware-Armitage, the equally dastardly son of the Sir Percy Ware-Armitage, which Thomas had played in the earlier film.
Goodfellas is a 1990 American crime film directed by Martin Scorsese.
A director's cut was released on DVD, containing an additional 13 minutes not seen in the theatrical version.
The Rise and Fall of ECW is a 2004 direct-to-video documentary produced by World Wrestling Entertainment.
These included Leone himself, Gian Maria Volontè, and composer Ennio Morricone.
Only a team of the Japan Self-Defense Forces and a scientist, can destroy it.
Antarctic Journal is a 2005 film, the feature film debut by South Korean director Yim Pil-sung.
It is the second of the first four Scooby Doo direct-to-video film to be animated overseas by Japanese animation studio Mook Animation.
The character of Ali G was originally developed for the Channel 4 series The 11 O'Clock Show and Da Ali G Show.
It stars Adam Sandler, Bradley Whitford, Bridgette Wilson, Norm Macdonald, and Darren McGavin.
The film was released to home media by Lionsgate Home Entertainment.
Allen and Short had previously worked together in the 1997 Disney comedy feature film, Jungle 2 Jungle.
With over $34 million in worldwide sales, it set a box-office record for Canadian and non-Disney animation, and has remained one of Goldwyn's largest-earning releases.
The film was critically panned, with the film's various side-plots and main cast being criticized by multiple critics.
The film was shot mostly in Philadelphia and Baltimore, where the story was set.
The film was adapted by Michael Scott Myers from Ellis's memoirs, One Who Walked Alone and Day of the Stranger: Further Memories of Robert E. Howard.
It received an 80% approval rating among critics on Rotten Tomatoes.
Poor, but not destitute, he still manages to lead a content and happy life with his daughters and his mother who has dementia.
The film is based on the 1891 novel and 1896 play of the same name written by Fergus Redmond and Archibald Clavering Gunter.
Nearly 20 minutes of animation sequences were produced at Disney-MGM Studios in Florida.
She must stop a wicked princess who wants all of Spectra, a planet-sized diamond through which all the light in the universe has to go through.
The film was produced in West Germany with a German language screenplay and soundtrack while Bergman was in "tax exile" from his native Sweden.
The titular "Thin Man" is not Nick Charles, but the man Charles is initially hired to find – Clyde Wynant.
The score for this film was composed by Brian Tyler.
In the final seconds, a fourth man briefly crosses from left to right behind the horn.
The film co-stars Willem Dafoe, replacing James Caan.
The film was selected as the Hungarian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 59th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
It was also included on Jackson's album, Dangerous, and All Time Greatest Movie Songs, released by Sony in 1999.
Although, both the movies have special mention of good performance and good story.
The film is ninth entry in the original Godzilla series and stars Akira Kubo, Jun Tazaki, Yukiko Kobayashi and Yoshio Tsuchiya.
It is a slow-paced film with sparse dialogue about urban alienation, centering on three people who unknowingly share an apartment in Taipei.
The Night That Panicked America is an American television film that was originally broadcast on the ABC network on October 31, 1975.
This song became a radio hit and can still be frequently heard on the radio or at karaoke bars/boxes.
is a 1962 fantasy/comedy film produced and directed by William Castle, about a man obtaining magical powers from a god of an ancient civilization.
The Academy Film Archive preserved Just Another Missing Kid in 2007.
It is set in the world of American professional football.
There was also a British version with Uncle Sam replaced by John Bull and promotes War Bonds.
The film features the voices of E.G.
The movie is written by Bob Bendetson who also wrote episodes for the TV show The Simpsons.
Scottie is forced into early retirement because an incident in the line of duty has caused him to develop acrophobia and vertigo.
Originally titled Il Trionfo di Ercole, the film was directed by Alberto De Martino.
Produced in Mexico and shot in English with American actors, La Joven is Buñuel's second and last American film.
Inside Monkey Zetterland is a 1992 independent film penned by former child actor Steve Antin.
Over the Top is a 1987 American sport drama film starring Sylvester Stallone.
A demon is a supernatural and often malevolent being prevalent in religion, occultism, literature, fiction, mythology and folklore.
It is the second adaptation of Fleming's Thunderball, which was previously adapted as the 1965 film of the same name.
The film was re-released in the 1980s, with a new orchestral score by Carl Davis.
The Hussar Ballad is a 1962 Soviet musical film by Eldar Ryazanov, filmed on Mosfilm.
It also won Academy Awards for Best Actor, Best Director, Best Film Editing, and Best Adapted Screenplay.
Screenwriter Garson Kanin originally intended the script as a vehicle for Danny Kaye, but Kanin's wife, Ruth Gordon, suggested casting Judy Holliday instead.
The film tells the story of the failure of Operation Market Garden during World War II.
Joan Lopate, sister of radio host Leonard Lopate and essayist Phillip Lopate, was the art department coordinator for the film.
L'Arroseur arrosé was screened in December 1895.
It stars Rebecca De Mornay and Don Johnson, and was produced by Hollywood Pictures.
The film is frequently compared with Mary Poppins, since it combines live action and animation and is partially set in the streets of London.
It includes scenes provoking social commentary and the use of archive footage to provide political commentary.
Warner Bros. developed a script with writer Sam Hamm which had the Penguin and Catwoman going after hidden treasure.
It was directed by Buddy Van Horn.
Kissing A Fool is a 1998 American romantic comedy film directed by Doug Ellin.
Cindy: The Doll Is Mine is a short film written and directed by French director Bertrand Bonello.
This Gun for Hire is a 1942 film noir, directed by Frank Tuttle and based on the 1936 novel by Graham Greene.
At the 11th Academy Awards, the film was nominated in three categories: Best Actor, Best Director, and Best Story.
In 1996, The Jazz Singer was selected for preservation in the National Film Registry of "culturally, historically or aesthetically significant" motion pictures.
Angoroj was the first feature film to be produced entirely in Esperanto.
Its screenplay was written by Paul Haggis, based on short stories by F.X.
Theodor Pištěk designed the costumes for the film.
Snuff is a 1976 splatter horror film, and is most notorious for being marketed as if it were an actual snuff film.
Becky Sharp is a 1935 American historical drama film directed by Rouben Mamoulian and starring Miriam Hopkins.
The film was shot with a hand-cranked camera, often in extreme climate.
The Marriage of Maria Braun is a 1979 West German film directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder.
Only George Burns has spoken lines that act to clarify the plot and provide further narration.
The film is also known as Titanic 3D: Ghosts of the Abyss.
The story has its origins in a portrait of Rachel Carew at Antony House in Cornwall, which du Maurier saw and took as inspiration.
Straight-Jacket is a 2004 comedy film written and directed by Richard Day, based on his play.
It was commercially distributed by TriStar Pictures theatrically, and by Columbia TriStar Home Video for home media.
Coincidentally, Baldwin later starred as Batman in the DC Animated film, Justice League: Crisis on Two Earths.
The film was directed by Penelope Spheeris.
The film's name comes from the first line of the song "The U.S. Air Force".
Released on July 28, 1989, the film grossed $14.3 million at the U.S. box office, which was the second-lowest U.S. gross in the series.
It was also screened out of competition at the 2003 Cannes Film Festival.
The story follows seven-year-old Johnny who is visiting his grandmother's plantation for an extended stay.
At the Circus is a 1939 Marx Brothers comedy film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in which they save a circus from bankruptcy.
I think many other people could have done that.
Dhoom 2 was shot primarily in India, Durban, and Rio de Janeiro, becoming the first major Hindi film to be shot in Brazil.
It inspired several other trucking films, including two sequels, Smokey and the Bandit II and Smokey and the Bandit Part 3.
Godzilla: Final Wars is a 2004 Japanese kaiju film featuring Godzilla, produced and distributed by Toho.
This film marked the feature film debut of David Selby and Kate Jackson.
Gidget Goes to Rome follows the film sequentially.
The Truth About Jane and Sam is a 1999 Hong Kong film co-produced by Hong Kong's Film Unlimited and Singapore's Raintree Pictures.
An accident causes some of Larry's blood to spill on the attic floor, which somehow triggers Frank's resurrection.
The film was released in the US on April 21, 1989.
Only John Hurt, Udo Kier, and Jean-Marc Barr reprise their roles.
No one believes him until the creature, now a stowaway, begins hunting the rescue ship's crew as they return to Earth.
The film was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival.
The film stars Natalie Wood, Steve McQueen, Edie Adams, Herschel Bernardi and Harvey Lembeck.
They were killed by snipers on 19 May 1993, while trying to cross the Vrbanja bridge to the Serb-occupied territory of Grbavica.
The cast also includes Gypsy Rose Lee, using the stage name of Louise Hovick, as the Sultana.
But that may be untrue about Col. Parker.
The Sasquatch Gang is a 2006 comedy film written and directed by Tim Skousen, the first assistant director on Napoleon Dynamite.
The music is by frequent Morris collaborator, Philip Glass.
Elfman's contribution had been specially written for the film, but Zimmer's score for Broken Arrow was controversially used in the film, replacing Beltrami's own work.
The film tells the story of a young Jewish girl who, after being separated from her father in Soviet Russia, grows up in England.
The book was ghostwritten by his friend, David "Spec" McClure, who served in the Army's Signal Corps during World War II.
8 Women competed for the Golden Bear at the 52nd Berlin International Film Festival, where its all-female cast was awarded the Silver Bear.
The film narrates the rise and fall of mob associate Henry Hill and his friends over a period from 1955 to 1980.
The film is regarded as one of Kapoor's finest works today with film experts labeling it as a 'misunderstood masterpiece'.
The film also features Ernest Borgnine, Maria Pitillo, and Talisa Soto.
In 1996, this film has been selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry as being deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant films".
Chevalier had thought that he would never be capable of acting as a Royal courtier, and had to be persuaded by Lubitsch.
It was directed by F. Gary Gray, produced by Danny DeVito, and starred John Travolta, reprising his role from the first film.
The movie is Marlon Brando's last known film work.
The film received mostly positive reviews, and was nominated for the Empire Award for Best British Film.
The screenplay was written by Morrie Ryskind, with uncredited contributions by La Cava, based on 1101 Park Avenue, a short novel by Eric Hatch.
The film references many classic Western films, notably Shane.
The day after filming was completed, he suffered a fatal heart attack.
Detective Callahan famous for his unconventional and often brutal crime-fighting tactics is tasked with tracking down the serial killer.
The Crime of Father Amaro, sometimes The Crime of Padre Amaro, is a 2002 Mexican-Spanish film directed by Carlos Carrera.
What's Eating Gilbert Grape is a 1993 American drama film directed by Lasse Hallström and starring Johnny Depp, Juliette Lewis, Darlene Cates and Leonardo DiCaprio.
On 5 September 2011, the 25th Anniversary Edition of the concert was released as a standard 2-DVD set and a deluxe 2-DVD and 2-CD set.
It is co-written by and features Queen Latifah, and is also the feature film debut for her mother Rita Owens.
Izo appeared previously in Hideo Gosha's Hitokiri, then played by Shintaro Katsu.
Eiji Tsuburaya is credited as an assistant cameraman.
It was created for broad release on the Internet.
However, he soon quit Blind, returning to his original team H-Street Skateboards and his footage for Video Days was omitted.
The film also starrs Pernilla August, Reine Brynolfsson and Cecilia Ljung.
The most popular cinematic adaptation of vampire fiction has been from Bram Stoker's Dracula, with over 170 versions to date.
It is the second biopic about the composer, following Night and Day.
Although the title is adapted from Ian Fleming's short story "From a View to a Kill", the film has an entirely original screenplay.
It was later added as a segment to the 1977 film The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh.
David O. Selznick initially purchased the rights to the story for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
The film was produced by Hyperion Animation along with The Kushner-Locke Company.
This interest helped to inspire the making of the film.
Real-life athletes Gerry Bertier and Julius Campbell are portrayed by Ryan Hurst and Wood Harris, respectively.
Fight Back to School 3 is a Hong Kong comedy film produced in 1993 starring Stephen Chow and Cheung Man.
The film received an Academy Award nomination for Best Musical Score for Hans J. Salter.
It stars Julia Roberts, Billy Crystal, John Cusack and Catherine Zeta-Jones, with Hank Azaria, Stanley Tucci, Seth Green, Alan Arkin and Christopher Walken in smaller roles.
The film was written directly for the screen by Evans and Gideon, both of whom had Slater in mind for the title role.
Shot on location in London and at Shepperton Studios, the plot revolves around an ambitious hustler whose plans keep going wrong.
The slang expression "pod people" that arose in late 20th century American culture references the emotionless duplicates seen in the film.
It is co-produced by Patriot Pictures and Maverick Films.
It was released by Walt Disney Pictures and stars Mary Steenburgen and Harry Dean Stanton.
The film was directed by Carl Theodor Dreyer and stars Renée Jeanne Falconetti as Joan.
In 2002, the film received the Montréal World Film Festival Award for Best Director and was nominated for the Grand Prix des Amériques.
The cast of Tears of the Sun features refugees portrayed by actual African refugees living in the United States.
The film was shot completely on location in Simi Valley, California.
Walt Disney Pictures released the film in the United States on May 25, 2007.
He and his Radar Intercept Officer Nick "Goose" Bradshaw are given the chance to train at the Navy's Fighter Weapons School at Miramar in San Diego.
Her strange behavior makes him increasingly aware that she is the last person with whom the parents should have entrusted their daughter.
It tells the story of a woman trying to protect her young daughter from the horrors of war.
Nominated for six Academy Awards, the film won two; James Stewart for Best Actor and Donald Ogden Stewart for Best Adapted Screenplay.
Prior to this, Siddalingaiah had worked with Rajkumar in Mayor Muthanna.
The film was released theatrically in the United States in the autumn of 1965 by Continental Distributing as Ghidrah the Three-Headed Monster.
Released by Paramount Pictures on November 1, 1952, the film is the sixth of the seven Road to … movies.
It co-stars Johnny Depp, Jean Rochefort, and Vanessa Paradis, all supposed to star in The Man Who Killed Don Quixote, and is narrated by Jeff Bridges.
Stratosphere Girl is a 2004 film from Germany written and directed by Matthias X. Oberg.
Directed by Robert Z. Leonard, it was the fourth film pairing Esther Williams and Van Johnson.
Christmas Holiday is a 1944 film noir crime film directed by Robert Siodmak starring Deanna Durbin and Gene Kelly.
Steven Spielberg came on board the following year, hiring Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman to write the screenplay.
The film was highest grossing film of 1959 for Toho that year and the second highest grossing domestic production in Japan of the year.
It is a modernized version of William Shakespeare's Macbeth.
Jyothika was the first choice as heroine.
The film is included as a supplement on Criterion's DVD/Blu-ray release of Truffaut's The Last Metro.
It was altered significantly over its six years of development and production.
It has received mixed reviews from critics and was a minor box office success, grossing over $23 million.
Thirteen Ghosts is a 2001 Canadian-American supernatural horror film directed by Steve Beck.
Québécois director Claude Jutra co-wrote the screenplay with Clément Perron and directed what is one of the most acclaimed works in Canadian film history.
It also features Barbara Shelley, Francis Matthews, Suzan Farmer, Richard Pasco, Dinsdale Landen and Renée Asherson.
The Life and Death of 9413: a Hollywood Extra is a 1928 American silent experimental short film co-written and co-directed by Robert Florey and Slavko Vorkapić.
In addition, it won five Golden Globes: Best Motion Picture – Drama, Best Director, Best Actress in a Drama, Best Supporting Actor, and Best Screenplay.
Much of the story line is based on that of the romantic comedy My Big Fat Greek Wedding and Meet the Fockers.
Freedom Downtime is a 2001 documentary film sympathetic to the convicted computer hacker Kevin Mitnick, directed by Emmanuel Goldstein and produced by 2600 Films.
Tough Guys is a 1986 action comedy film starring Burt Lancaster, Kirk Douglas, Eli Wallach, Charles Durning, Dana Carvey and Darlanne Fluegel.
The film won the 1988 Academy Award for Documentary Feature as well as the FIPRESCI Award at the 1988 Cannes Film Festival.
The series is based on a popular comic book series known as "Teddy Boy".
The Volga Bulgaria arises in Russia, being the first civilisation in the region to avert from the Early Slavs.
The film features an original soundtrack by French electronic band Mellow, which was released on Emperor Norton Records.
The film premiered at the 54th Cannes Film Festival in May 2001, and was released in Canada on 12 April 2002.
The film was shot in central Indiana, and shown at the Star Wars Celebration III convention in 2005 in a nearby IMAX theater.
Don't Look Now is a 1973 independent British-Italian film directed by Nicolas Roeg.
And the Angels Sing is a musical directed by George Marshall and starring Dorothy Lamour, Fred MacMurray, and Betty Hutton.
The movie's soundtrack features music by Diana Ross, James Brown, Mystikal, Ginuwine, and Stevie Wonder.
Kevin initially relishes being home alone, but soon has to contend with two would-be burglars played by Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern.
It was released in 2004 by Reel FX Creative Studios and distributed by Paramount Home Entertainment.
This looks much like actual pictures of the World Trade Center as the fire raged through it.
The Crooked Way is a 1949 film noir crime film directed by Robert Florey.
Barrie would appear in two more Saint films, playing different roles each time, though not in the next film in the series, The Saint in London.
It stars Casper Zafer, Esther Nubiola and Victoria Abril.
At a $29 million budget, it was an international box office success, grossing over $70 million in worldwide theatrical release.
The film was adapted by Larry Kramer from D. H. Lawrence's novel of the same name.
Caine became a co-producer of the film.
The Emperor's Shadow is a 1996 Chinese historical film directed by Zhou Xiaowen and starring Jiang Wen, Ge You, Xu Qing and Ge Zhijun.
Joe film encountered unexpected production delays which allowed the Transformers feature to be released first.
It was released in the US by New Line Cinema and became one of the first films to be a commercial success for the distributor.
The film centers on Matt Stifler, younger brother of Steve Stifler.
Shooting was entirely on location, and was fraught with difficulties.
Its main actors and actresses have also become major stars in their own right.
Supervixens is a 1975 sexploitation film by American filmmaker Russ Meyer.
The film was a box office success and grossed $85 million in the United States and $140 million worldwide, and received generally positive reviews from critics.
Kundun is a 1997 epic biographical film written by Melissa Mathison and directed by Martin Scorsese.
The film was critically acclaimed and won numerous awards, including two BAFTA Scotland Awards.
Like its predecessor, it is based on the BBC Television serial Quatermass II written by Nigel Kneale.
After Universal Studios acquired the rights to remake La Jetée as a full-length film, David and Janet Peoples were hired to write the script.
He finds that he must sacrifice his principles as he moves up through the union and attempts to expand its influence.
The film was adapted for the stage under the title Carnival!.
The 13th Letter is a 1951 American drama film directed by Otto Preminger.
The film was written by original creator Wes Craven and stars Robert Englund, Heather Langenkamp, Craig Wasson, and Patricia Arquette in her debut role.
It was followed by a belated sequel, Blood Feast 2: All U Can Eat, in 2002.
Kung Fu Panda premiered in the United States on June 6, 2008.
Arthur Cohen directed the film, which was produced by Bill Randle himself.
A third film, Ocean's Thirteen, was released on June 8, 2007, in the United States—thus forming the Ocean's Trilogy.
It was directed by Alexander Mackendrick and stars Burt Lancaster, Tony Curtis, Susan Harrison and Martin Milner.
Preceding its theatrical run, the film was generally met with favorable critical reviews before its initial screening in cinemas.
Filmmaker/narrator Bruce Brown follows two surfers, Mike Hynson and Robert August, on a surfing trip around the world.
Ben Stiller won two comedy awards for his performance and the film was chosen as the Favorite Comedy Motion Picture at the 2001 People's Choice Awards.
It was the last film from director Michael Ritchie before his death in 2001.
Despite the controversy, the film received mixed reviews, with critics praising the special effects but criticizing the acting and plot.
Enlarged to Show Detail is a 1996 documentary created by the multi-genred band 311.
The film centres on a boy, Piel, who is stranded on Perdide, a desert planet where giant killer hornets live.
The film was made at Ealing Studios and on location on the Isle of Wight.
The film has since come under re-evaluation and is considered by many to be Feuillade's magnum opus and a cinematic masterpiece.
After numerous unsuccessful attempts to develop a Fantasia sequel, the Walt Disney Company revived the idea shortly after Michael Eisner became chief executive officer in 1984.
A list of the greatest animated films compiled by Terry Gilliam in Time Out ranked the film number 1.
At the castle, Foster meets Blackwood's sister Elisabeth and Julia.
It is considered one of the best 1,000 films by The New York Times.
Since its release, it has received a positive reception from critics and has become a cult classic.
Numerous film critics and directors have praised it highly, citing it as an inspiration for their own work.
The story concerns the manipulation of a dead pool game by a serial killer, whose efforts are confronted by the hardened detective Callahan.
A Day at the Races is the seventh film starring the three Marx Brothers, with Margaret Dumont, Allan Jones, and Maureen O'Sullivan.
The medical facility smaller than a hospital is generally called a clinic.
It was released on DVD from Something Weird Video and in the Anchor Bay Entertainment DVD release of Season of the Witch.
It was produced and directed by Menahem Golan, and its screenplay was written by Stirling Silliphant and Stallone.
While a work of fiction, the book was based on actual events and people.
Barney created Drawing Restraint 1-6 while still an undergraduate at Yale University and completed Drawing Restraint 16 in 2007 at London's Serpentine Gallery.
The film is the subject of a short 2006 article by Christine Dell'Amore.
Speak White is a racist insult used by English-speaking Canadians against those who speak other languages in public, especially French Canadians.
The film also received positive reviews, with some critics arguing that the sequel surpassed the original in terms of quality.
A comic book adaptation, featuring the film's production notes, was released on the same year by Caliber Comics.
The Omega Man is a 1971 American science fiction film directed by Boris Sagal and starring Charlton Heston.
The Quiet Duel is a 1949 Japanese film directed by Akira Kurosawa.
It was also named the "Best Film of the 21st Century So Far" in 2017 by the New York Times.
The film was directed by Rakesh Roshan and written by Ravi Kapoor and Sachin Bhowmick.
With a budget of €60 million, Arthur and the Invisibles was briefly the most expensive French film production until surpassed by Astérix at the Olympic Games.
The film was released in a Czech and a German version.
One of the last romantic comedies created before the MPAA began enforcing the 1930 production code in 1934, the film was released on February 22, 1934.
Loosely based on the New York City Newsboys Strike of 1899 and featuring twelve original songs from composers Alan Menken and J.A.C.
At the 37th Academy Awards the film was nominated for the Oscar for Best Writing, Story and Screenplay.
The film grossed only $8.5 million in North America, about a third of what the previous instalment earned, and over $12 million worldwide.
The film was controversial when it was first released, but was also successful at the box office, and made Stewart a major movie star.
The film also stars Nastassja Kinski, Willem Dafoe and Heinz Rühmann, in his last film role.
Chaplin played the leading man and Edna Purviance played Carmen.
Truffaut restored 20 minutes of footage, which fills out the characters, before his death in 1984.
IZO is a 2004 Japanese film, directed by Takashi Miike.
These prisoners were made to assist the camp's guards in shepherding their victims to the gas chambers and then disposing of their bodies in the ovens.
During his quest, he is aided by Dakuan, an elderly but crafty government spy, and Kagero, a Koga kunoichi whose body is infused with poisonous toxins.
Playtime was made from 1964 through 1967.
Part III was released in the United States on May 25, 1990, six months after the previous installment.
This was Lew Ayres' final film role and the film debut of Meshach Taylor.
Both The Amazing Colossal Man and its sequel, War of the Colossal Beast appeared on Mystery Science Theater 3000.
Baxter went on to win the Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance.
He did remain connected to the film, however, as it was produced by Fabergé's Brut Productions, and Grant was on the board of directors for Fabergé.
The film was followed in 1915 by The New Exploits of Elaine.
It tells the life story of Harvie Krumpet, a Polish-Australian man whose life is plagued by bad luck but who nevertheless remains optimistic.
In the film, mischievous young Tom Sawyer witnesses a murder by a vicious half-Native American criminal known as "Injun Joe".
Like the book, the film tells the story of a group of LAPD officers in 1953, and the intersection of police corruption and Hollywood celebrity.
The film was a co-production between companies in France and Germany.
The Phantom is played by Bud Davis, who later worked as stunt coordinator on films such as Forrest Gump, Cast Away, and Inglourious Basterds.
A sequel, Finding Dory, was released on June 17, 2016 in the United States.
The film was banned in many countries or released as an "adults-only" movie after heavy editing.
The production is a parody tribute to the science fiction and horror B movies of the 1930s through to the early 1970s.
The original music score was composed by Marvin Hamlisch.
The film was simultaneously shot in Tamil as Missiamma, with an altered cast.
The character is based on The Destroyer pulp paperback series.
The film was a critical success and currently holds a rare 100% rating at Rotten Tomatoes, with an average score of 8/10 based on 27 reviews.
The film also inspired the 2013 Edinburgh Fringe Show "Darkest Fantasy", based on the character Tanya's wedding fantasy.
The title was derived from a catchphrase associated with the show.
The film starred John Hurt, Raúl Juliá and Bridget Fonda.
It was a box office success, grossing more than $100 million worldwide.
Semi-Tough also includes a parody of Werner Erhard's Erhard Seminars Training, depicted in the film as an organization called "B.E.A.T."
The film focuses on the class conflict between a newly arrived, aristocratic Prussian officer who covets winning the Iron Cross and a cynical, battle-hardened infantry NCO.
The three characters become entangled in an attempt to save people from racist whites attacking the blacks of Rosewood.
Irréversible is a 2002 French art psychological horror drama film written and directed by Gaspar Noé and starring Monica Bellucci, Vincent Cassel, and Albert Dupontel.
Rockwell, in particular, was praised for his acting and won the Silver Bear for Best Actor at the 2003 Berlin International Film Festival.
It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.
Hepburn regarded it as one of her most challenging roles, since she was an introvert required to play an extrovert.
The English spoken film was an international co-production, filmed in Canada.
Parsees had a close relationship with the British during the years of the Raj.
The film was written by Mark Magill and directed by Jill Godmilow.
Anthony Adverse is a 1936 American epic costume drama film directed by Mervyn LeRoy and starring Fredric March and Olivia de Havilland.
The colorized version premiered on the Russian First Channel on February 14, 2010.
John Fawcett, director of the first film, executive produced.
The two titles are President McKinley Taking the Oath and President McKinley and Escort Going to the Capitol.
When adjusted for monetary inflation, it is still the most successful film in box-office history.
Ning Jing played their love interest Fung Ching-ching.
The film was released on December 16, 1994.
It was directed by Peter Yates, based on a novel by Max Catto.
The Millionairess is a 1960 British romantic comedy film set in London, directed by Anthony Asquith and starring Sophia Loren and Peter Sellers.
Released in 1918, it is a silent comedy set in France during World War I.
Additional funding also came from the National Endowment of the Arts, BBC, Nick Fraser, SBS, TV Australia, and VPRO, The Netherlands.
A 1988 sequel was planned, but ultimately abandoned due to financial difficulties.
The script was written by Gordon Wellesley and J.
Gummo was not given a large theatrical release and failed to generate large box office revenues.
The film picks up the story of the five friends from the first film as they reunite during the summer after their first year of college.
Sutherland reprises his role as Nelson Wright in the film.
Following the release of the film, Hrithik became an overnight superstar, his successful debut was termed as 'Hrithik Mania' by the media.
It was directed by Steve Rash and written by Brad Riddell.
Unlike its predecessor, the film received negative reviews and fell short of commercial expectations.
Suzuki came up with many of his ideas the night before or on the set while filming, and welcomed ideas from his collaborators.
The Thirteen Chairs is a 1969 comedy film based on The Twelve Chairs, a 1928 satirical novel by the Soviet authors Ilf and Petrov.
Other nominations included Best Director for Irving Cummings, Best Writing for Tom Barry, Best Cinematography for Arthur Edeson, and Best Picture.
Better Than Chocolate is a 1999 Canadian romantic comedy movie shot in Vancouver directed by Anne Wheeler.
The film's title refers to the pulp magazines and hardboiled crime novels popular during the mid-20th century, known for their graphic violence and punchy dialogue.
Realising that the object is in fact an ancient Martian spacecraft, Quatermass deduces that the aliens have influenced human evolution and the development of human intelligence.
Ten Minutes Older is a 2002 film project consisting of two compilation feature films titled The Trumpet and The Cello.
Set in 1973, during the Vietnam War, it explores the emotions of a nine-year-old girl awaiting her father's return from the war.
The leads were Steve Brodie and Barbara Hale, with other roles going to Alan Hale, Jr. and Leslie Parrish.
Featured in the film are several noteworthy African-American actors who were part of the genre of blaxploitation: Jim Brown, Bernie Casey, Antonio Fargas, and Isaac Hayes.
Another Stakeout is a 1993 action comedy film starring Richard Dreyfuss, Emilio Estevez and Rosie O'Donnell.
The film stars Macaulay Culkin as Kevin McCallister, a boy who is mistakenly left behind when his family flies to Paris for their Christmas vacation.
The mix of foreign locations was chosen because the juxtaposition of elements in these cities offered a believable futuristic setting.
The New York Ripper is a 1982 Italian giallo film directed and co-written by Lucio Fulci.
À nous la liberté is a 1931 French film directed by René Clair.
The film also features William Shatner as her professor.
It stars Robin Williams, Sally Field, Pierce Brosnan, Harvey Fierstein and Robert Prosky.
The film was directed by Hasan Askari and produced by Jahangir Khan.
It is the third of three films by Nuñez set in the Florida Panhandle after Ruby in Paradise and Ulee's Gold.
The film is based on a popular 1894 romantic novel The Manxman by Hall Caine, which had previously been made into a film 12 years earlier.
It stars Sean Connery as King Arthur, Richard Gere as Lancelot, Julia Ormond as Guinevere and Ben Cross as Malagant.
Shearer was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress, but lost to herself, for The Divorcee.
This is one of main factor which has influenced the quality of education.
To pay off his debts, he and his friends decide to rob a small-time gang who happen to be operating out of the flat next door.
Dames is a 1934 Warner Bros. musical comedy film directed by Ray Enright with dance numbers created by Busby Berkeley.
It is set amidst the backdrop of the White Revolution of India.
A sequel, Caddyshack II, followed in 1988, although only Chase reprised his role and the film was poorly received.
Anatomy of a Murder is a 1959 American courtroom drama crime film produced and directed by Otto Preminger.
Budgeted at $100 million, the film grossed over $186 million worldwide, $84 million of which was earned in North America.
Ray managed to convince producers to finance the movie, even though it was clear from the beginning that the film would cost a lot of money.
The screenplay was penned by Stanton and comedy writers Donald McEnery and Bob Shaw.
Under Siege 2: Dark Territory is a 1995 American action film set on board a train traveling through the Rocky Mountains from Denver to Los Angeles.
To keep costs down, Adamson chose to base post-production in the UK, because of recent tax credits there.
Piglet's Big Movie is a 2003 American animated musical comedy-drama adventure film produced by DisneyToon Studios and animated by Walt Disney Animation.
The story's title alludes to a phonograph record played by the brother of MacGraw's character, nostalgically recalling his athletic career at Ohio State.
It was directed by Brian G. Hutton and shot on location in Austria and Bavaria.
The film was directed by Andy Jones and written by Andy and Mike Jones, with the collaboration of a number of workshop participants.
The movie forms the first part of an informal trilogy, together with In the Mood for Love and 2046.
The film is directed by Masaaki Tezuka and written by Wataru Mimura.
Dog Day Afternoon was nominated for several Academy Awards and Golden Globe awards, and won one Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay.
It stars James Duval, Rose McGowan, and Johnathon Schaech.
The film was entered into the 1960 Cannes Film Festival, and has received highly positive reviews since release.
The film was a minor commercial success, grossing $33.8 million worldwide from a $22 million budget, and received mixed reviews from critics.
Here Come the Littles follows a boy named Henry Bigg as he meets a family of miniature people that lives in his home.
It is based on the novel of the same name by J. K. Rowling.
Although the 1998 film was rated PG-13 by the MPAA, it was marketed as a family film.
"The Street of Crocodiles" was originally a short story written by Bruno Schulz, from a story collection published under that title in English translation.
The Adventures of Kathlyn is an American motion picture serial released on December 29, 1913 by the Selig Polyscope Company.
Kung Fu Hustle won numerous awards, including six Hong Kong Film Awards and five Golden Horse Awards.
I Live In Fear is a 1955 Japanese film written and directed by Akira Kurosawa.
In October 1939, it was banned by the wartime French government for "having an undesirable influence over the young".
The friendships that grow out of his coverage led Pyle to relate the misery and sacrifice inherent in their plight and their heroic endurance of it.
Fundraising for the film involved small donations from a thousand investors, leading to the longest Associate Producers listing in the history of cinema.
It is used as an office for the Park.
The film was an internationally popular success on its release, and was extensively pirated by other studios, especially in the United States.
According to Emerson, the impetus for the documentary came in 1992, when he happened to come across a conference of Arab youths in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
The soundtrack featured a number of Burt Bacharach/Hal David songs.
It was distributed worldwide by Rank Film Distributors Ltd.
It debuted at the Sundance Film Festival on January 19, 2003.
The movie was dedicated to the memory of Don Messick, the original voice of Scooby-Doo, who died nearly a year before the film's release.
Swank was chosen because her personality seemed similar to Teena's.
Winter Days is a 2003 Japanese anime film directed by Kihachirō Kawamoto.
Lost in Translation is a 2003 American romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Sofia Coppola.
The film has spawned two sequels, The New Adventures of the Elusive Avengers and The Crown of the Russian Empire, or Once Again the Elusive Avengers.
The film, which stars Billy Campbell, Angus Macfadyen, Jean Butler and Gabriel Byrne, was directed and co-written by Terence Ryan.
2001: A Space Travesty is a 2000 Canadian-German spoof comedy film starring actor Leslie Nielsen.
The film is considered one of the greatest documentary films of all time.
His plan backfires when his parents arrive in the United States to plan his wedding banquet and he has to hide the truth of his partner.
For the theatre adaptation, see Shakespeare in Love.
My Beautiful Laundrette is a 1985 British comedy-drama film directed by Stephen Frears from a screenplay by Hanif Kureishi.
December 23 – Pope Boniface V succeeds Adeodatus I as the 69th pope of Rome.
It was written by Arthur Hailey, produced and screened by CBC Television, and broadcast on April 3, 1956, on the General Motors Theatre series.
Published in 1936, the novel received the Grand prix du roman de l'Académie française.
Vallée became the most prominent and, arguably, the first of a new style of popular singer, the crooner.
It had a worldwide box-office gross of more than $100 million.
The film was directed by Douglas Hickox.
Death Machine is a 1994 Japanese-British cyberpunk science fiction action-horror film written and directed by Stephen Norrington.
The film was not a great financial success in initial release, but it became more popular as Hanks' fame grew.
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is a 2002 British-American fantasy film directed by Chris Columbus and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures.
Island of Terror is a 1966 British horror film released by Planet Film Productions.
It features Alaina Capri, Karen Ciral, as well as Meyer regular Jack Moran, who co-wrote the script.
It starred Jason James Richter as the principal character Bastian Bux, and Jack Black in one of his early roles as the school bully Slip.
The film was released in the United States on 3 June 1929, seven years after its original premiere in Germany.
Unlike most 1950s romantic dramas, Sayonara deals squarely with racism and prejudice.
Going My Way is a 1944 American musical comedy-drama film directed by Leo McCarey and starring Bing Crosby and Barry Fitzgerald.
The action in The Trouble with Harry takes place during a sun-filled autumn in the Vermont countryside.
16 Years of Alcohol is a 2003 drama film written and directed by Richard Jobson, based on his semi-autobiographical 1987 novel.
Lawrence also has producing and writing credits for the film.
To End All Wars is a 2001 war film starring Robert Carlyle, Kiefer Sutherland and Sakae Kimura and directed by David L. Cunningham.
Each Starz-commissioned re-enactment premiered on Starz on Demand before moving online.
Released by United Artists, the film is the last product of Keaton's independent production team and set of gag writers.
Everyone's Hero earned $16 million worldwide during its theatrical run.
The film is a continuation of The Jungle Book by Rudyard Kipling and is not based on The Second Jungle Book.
This is the only film in which screen veteran Rogers was billed above famed Broadway dancer Astaire.
The featured Pokémon that normally are in the short instead appear as asides in the main film.
The film's soundtrack features songs by Low, Cat Power, Le Tigre, and numerous Beethoven piano sonatas.
Narrated by Tom Cruise, it is the first IMAX 3D production filmed in space.
Accattone is a 1961 Italian drama film written and directed by Pier Paolo Pasolini.
The film stars Chevy Chase, Beverly D'Angelo and Randy Quaid, with Ethan Embry and Marisol Nichols as Griswold children Rusty and Audrey.
Dialogue is conducted mostly through a form of sign language which is translated for the audience with subtitles.
The film remains Sidney Poitier's last directorial effort to date.
Swing Girls is a Japanese 2004 comedy film directed and co-written by Shinobu Yaguchi, about a group of high school girls who form a big band.
Once there things do not quite go as planned ... and he ends up on a road journey with a blind girl.
Giger felt the film and the character were too similar to Alien, so he pushed for script changes.
Kelly had fallen into the trap of endless trade shows, store openings, and poster signings that became his life during his first retirement.
The original score was composed by Carter Burwell, a longtime collaborator of the Coen brothers.
Viertel also co-wrote the script with James Bridges and Burt Kennedy.
The film stars Bridget Fonda and Jennifer Jason Leigh and is directed by Barbet Schroeder.
Originally slated for a Christmas 2003 release, the film was pushed back to avoid competition with Affleck's 2003 sci-fi thriller Paycheck.
The film was released in the United States in 2004 by Sony Pictures Classics, in subtitle format.
Friday the 13th Part VI: Jason Lives is a 1986 American slasher film and the sixth installment in the Friday the 13th film series.
Baseball groupie Annie Savoy romances Nuke but finds herself increasingly attracted to Crash.
The film stars the countercultural drag queen Divine as a criminal living under the name of Babs Johnson, "the filthiest person alive".
In 2012, the short was re rendered into 3D, and it was theatrically re released alongside the 3D re-release of Monsters, Inc..
Edwin Craig plays a professor who experiments on his college students and turns them into zombies.
the Extra-Terrestrial, and the 1960s story that E.T.
The film stars Donald Pleasence as Inspector Calhoun, and was written and directed by the American filmmaker Gary Sherman.
Made on a low budget of $600,000, the film ranks as the most profitable Scandinavian film in history.
It is also Moore's only non-documentary film.
In this case, the affected are two male stars in a Peking opera troupe and the woman who come between them.
Another version of the story says Groucho, unhappy with the film's quality, intentionally burned the negative after a particularly bad premiere screening.
In the actual film, they are represented by fictional analogues; Thomas Spivy and William Slade.
The Boys in the Band is a 1970 American drama film directed by William Friedkin.
The Docks of New York is a silent drama film directed by Josef von Sternberg and starring George Bancroft, Betty Compson, and Olga Baclanova.
For aesthetic reasons it was shot in black and white, which was unusual for the time.
An uncredited Celeste Holm provides the voice of Addie Ross, the unseen woman who wrote the titular letter.
The Big Easy is a 1987 American crime comedy-drama directed by Jim McBride and written by Daniel Petrie Jr.
The film was nominated for Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
Starring Carvey, Jennifer Esposito, Harold Gould, James Brolin, and Brent Spiner, the film was produced by Adam Sandler through his Happy Madison production company.
Jamie Farr cameos as "Sheik Abdul ben Falafel", who says in an interview that he is retiring from racing.
The mystery itself unfolds in flashbacks set against the backdrop of Alfred Hitchcock's 1952 filming of I Confess in the city.
This film was also a turning point for the career of special effects director Shinji Higuchi.
Passion Fish is a 1992 American film written and directed by John Sayles.
Based on the novel of the same name by Ivan Aralica, the plot of the film deals with the Bleiburg tragedy.
The film was directed by Mel Stuart and nominated for a Golden Globe award for Best Documentary Film in 1974.
The screenplay was written by Dudley Nichols.
The Big Red One is a 1980 epic war film starring Lee Marvin and Mark Hamill.
It was directed by Paul Weiland and starred Bill Cosby, who also produced the film and wrote its story.
The soundtrack was composed by Herbie Hancock.
Children of the Corn II: The Final Sacrifice is a 1992 American horror film and the sequel to the 1984 film Children of the Corn.
Rashomon is a 1950 Japanese period film directed by Akira Kurosawa, working in close collaboration with cinematographer Kazuo Miyagawa.
The film is the sequel to the 1977 film Smokey and the Bandit.
The Hot Chick is a 2002 American comedy film about a teenage girl whose body is magically swapped with that of a 30-year-old criminal.
Joaquin Phoenix, James Gandolfini, Peter Stormare, and Anthony Heald appear in supporting roles.
It was released by Walt Disney Pictures on August 3, 1990.
Ye Olde Wishing Well - including an appearance by David Prowse
This causes a ripple effect among the group and brings up old desires and problems.
The film explores the nature of commitment and love.
The independent film was produced by Lionsgate.
It is a remake of the 1978 Franco-Italian film La Cage aux Folles by Édouard Molinaro starring Michel Serrault and Ugo Tognazzi.
It received positive reviews from critics and was a commercial success.
This also marks Terry Gilliam's first film to receive a PG-13 rating by the MPAA.
Kandaen is an Indian Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by Mugil, and produced by TCS.
Filming started in December 1928 and ended in September 1930.
There is some Yorkshire dialect in the film, although not as much as in previous Loach-Hines collaborations such as Kes and The Price of Coal.
The film's production team includes cinematographer Christopher Challis and production and costume designer Hein Heckroth, who was nominated for two 1952 Academy Awards for his work.
It is the sequel of the first film and the second part of the Blade film series, followed by Blade: Trinity.
It is based on the 1967 semi-autobiographical short story Grave of the Fireflies by Akiyuki Nosaka.
It stars Grace Kelly, Stewart Granger, Paul Douglas and John Ericson.
L'Avventura is a 1960 Italian film directed by Michelangelo Antonioni and starring Gabriele Ferzetti, Monica Vitti, and Lea Massari.
Free Willy 3: The Rescue, was subsequently released in 1997, making a trilogy.
The set contains a documentary and a bonus CD EP.
A first-time epic for Rafelson, it opened to positive reviews.
Kadhalan is a 1994 Tamil romantic comedy thriller film written and directed by S. Shankar and produced by K. T. Kunjumon.
The DVD and all current showings of the movie in the UK now refer to the movie by its original title.
Upon its release in March 1994, The Hudsucker Proxy received mixed reviews from critics.
The Man Without a Face is a 1993 American drama film starring and directed by Mel Gibson, in his directorial debut.
It contains two songs: "The Dumber They Are, the Better I Like 'Em," and "Oh, Gee, Georgie."
Moonstruck was nominated for six Oscars at the 60th Academy Awards, winning for Best Original Screenplay, Best Actress, and Best Supporting Actress.
Unlike other Ghibli films, Mononoke has a darker and more violent setting and tone.
Damien: Omen II is a 1978 American supernatural horror film directed by Don Taylor, starring William Holden, Lee Grant, and Jonathan Scott-Taylor.
Yellow Hair 2 is a 2001 South Korean film, written, produced, and directed by Kim Yu-min.
The Art of War is a 2000 Canadian-American action film directed by Christian Duguay and starring Wesley Snipes, Michael Biehn, Anne Archer and Donald Sutherland.
It was written by Chris Austin, Gill Bond and Leyga Zendare and directed by Sergio Rezende.
The black-and-white film was directed by Thornton Freeland and produced by Merian C. Cooper and Lou Brock.
The film was made in 1938 in both the English and Spanish languages.
Chapter 27 is a 2007 biographical film depicting the murder of John Lennon by Mark David Chapman.
Christy Brown grew up in a poor, working-class family, and became a writer and artist.
The screenplay by Dashiell Hammett is based on the 1941 play of the same title by Lillian Hellman.
The film was officially announced on May 7, 2006, and filming began on July 4, 2006.
The title for the film is taken from the 1971 song "Thin Line Between Love and Hate" by The Persuaders.
While a box office success, Warner Bros. was disappointed with the worldwide box office return.
The opening and the closing credit of the film feature the song "I'll Stand By You" by The Pretenders.
The film was simultaneously shot in Hindi as Yuva with an entirely different cast barring Deol, while a dubbed version in Telugu was also released.
Silkwood is a 1983 American biographical drama film directed by Mike Nichols starring Meryl Streep, Cher and Kurt Russell.
Don't Say a Word was directed by Gary Fleder and written by Anthony Peckham and Patrick Smith Kelly.
Critical reception was mostly positive but the film did not perform well at the box office.
The project was announced in February 2002, but difficulties over the script and the selection of a director caused significant delays.
The film is a satire on British industrial life in the 1950s.
The Man Without a Past is a 2002 Finnish comedy-drama film produced, written, and directed by Aki Kaurismäki.
Uwe finds a note when he comes home and is immediately distressed to tears.
Based on a true story, Dunst portrays a 15-year-old pregnant girl.
Killing Zoe is regarded as a respected "cult" favorite and has been labeled by Roger Ebert as "Generation X's first bank caper movie."
Come and Get It is a 1936 American drama film directed by Howard Hawks and William Wyler.
It stars Pierce Brosnan and Julianne Moore.
The Gospel According to St. Matthew is a 1964 Italian biographical drama film directed by Pier Paolo Pasolini.
It was Greenaway's first feature-length film after many years making shorts.
Tarantino wrote the script in 1998 but struggled with the ending and chose to hold off filming and instead direct the two-part film Kill Bill.
The only footage that survived before that period were a 9-minute opening clip  and a short 5 minute clip of dialogue.
Vacas is a 1992 Spanish film, written and directed by Julio Médem.
Kung Phooey is an independent film, directed and produced by Darryl Fong.
The film was released on home video on July 21, 1998.
The film also stars Julie Hale, Alison Whelan, Kirsten Sheridan, Declan Croghan, Eanna MacLiam, Marie Conmee, and Cyril Cusack.
House of 9 is a 2005 psychological horror film directed by Steven R. Monroe and starring Dennis Hopper and Kelly Brook.
They appear on television so often that their faces are as familiar to the public as presidents and movie stars.
is a 2004 vampire film that was directed by and stars Scott Shaw.
La Haine is a 1995 French black-and-white crime drama film written, co-edited, and directed by Mathieu Kassovitz.
Fox, Cree Summer, James Garner, Leonard Nimoy, Don Novello, Phil Morris, Claudia Christian, Jacqueline Obradors, and Jim Varney in his final role before his death.
Although the lead actors were praised for their performances, some of the characters were described as stereotypical.
The film was a co-production between the motion picture studios of Columbia Pictures, Brillstein-Grey Entertainment, and WCG Entertainment Productions.
This style of filmmaking was created by Scott Shaw and Donald G. Jackson.
A Western genre follow-up, Big Money Rustlas, was released direct-to-video on August 17, 2010.
The English title derives from the song, "I'm in the Mood for Love".
It was the studio's second feature-length musical, and one of their earliest sound films.
Scheider, who only reprised his role to end a contractual issue with Universal, was also unhappy during production and had several heated exchanges with Szwarc.
Though made for the Department of Defense, it was shown on American television on Jack Webb's GE True in 1962.
Although Pokémon was extremely popular when the film was released, the English-language version received negative reviews from film critics.
The film features Shamita Shetty, Emraan Hashmi, and Udita Goswami in the lead roles.
The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Film Editing.
It was a low budget, production line number for the Nikkatsu Company, originally released in a double bill with Shōgorō Nishimura's Burning Nature.
In order to collect money, his friend and he get involved in Sarajevo's underground crime.
All does not go as planned and the chemist soon becomes entangled in a web of deceit.
The Wooden Horse is a 1950 British Second World War war film starring Leo Genn, David Tomlinson and Anthony Steel.
Except for the opening sequence, this motion picture was entirely shot in Montana.
The screenplay was written by George Tabori.
Ship of Fools was highly regarded, with reviewers praising the cast's performance but also noted the movie's overlong runtime.
It was the first feature-length film directed by Lee Chang-dong, who also co-wrote the screenplay.
The film is loosely based on The Carnal Prayer Mat, a Chinese erotic novel by 17th century author and playwright Li Yu.
Lotna is a 1959 Polish war film directed by Andrzej Wajda.
It was directed by Robert Z. Leonard, who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director.
Clambake is a 1967 American musical film directed by Arthur H. Nadel and starring Elvis Presley, Shelley Fabares, and Bill Bixby.
Clerks was shot for $27,575 in the convenience and video stores where director Kevin Smith worked in real life.
The Mask of Zorro is a 1998 American swashbuckler film based on the character of the masked outlaw Zorro created by Johnston McCulley.
Gray published his monologue in book form in 1985.
It has received equal amounts of praise and criticism for its strange storyline, surreal imagery, and psycho-eccentric visual treatment.
Celsius 41.11 performed less well at the box office than comparable left-leaning documentaries and significantly poorer than Fahrenheit 9/11.
Mother India metaphorically represents India as a nation in the aftermath of independence, and alludes to a strong sense of nationalism and nation-building.
Forgotten Silver is a New Zealand mockumentary film that purports to tell the story of a pioneering New Zealand filmmaker.
They then go into "I'll Take Manhattan" instead.
Tempting Heart is a 1999 movie, directed and co-written by Sylvia Chang, starring Takeshi Kaneshiro and Gigi Leung as a pair of onscreen lovers.
In 1999, the U.S. National Film Registry selected it for preservation in the Library of Congress as culturally, historically, and aesthetically significant.
Muppet Treasure Island is a 1996 American musical adventure comedy film based on Robert Louis Stevenson's Treasure Island.
Kameradschaft in German means a bond between soldiers or those who have similar opinions and are in friendship.
Children of a Lesser God is a 1986 American romantic drama film directed by Randa Haines and written by Hesper Anderson and Mark Medoff.
Ives won the Academy Award as Best Supporting Actor for his performance as well as the Golden Globe Award.
In another scene, two characters have a conversation in which they speculate about the fates of other characters in the drama.
The picture was directed by Archie Mayo and written by Joseph Fields and Roland Kibbee.
Fast Times at Ridgemont High is a 1982 American coming-of-age comedy film written by Cameron Crowe, adapted from his 1981 book of the same name.
It was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival and a César Award.
The movie stars Jennifer Jones, Joseph Cotten, Gregory Peck, Lillian Gish, and Lionel Barrymore.
Race car drivers Dale Earnhardt, Jr., Mario Andretti, Michael Schumacher and car enthusiast Jay Leno voice themselves.
The story is set in the fictional Hotel Mon Signor in Los Angeles on New Year's Eve.
Waiting to Exhale is a 1995 American romance film directed by Forest Whitaker and starring Whitney Houston and Angela Bassett.
Thus, American distributor Strand Releasing asked for a new title.
Happy Gilmore is a 1996 American sports comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan with music by Mark Mothersbaugh and produced by Robert Simonds.
It is based on the 1983 novel Trinity's Child, written by William Prochnau.
Along with this, it was panned by critics, making it the worst-reviewed installment in the franchise.
Critics lauded the film's story, acting, and tone.
Following its premiere at Grauman's Chinese Theatre on February 2, 2006, the film was released on February 10, 2006 in the United States.
While in the disco, Tony is the champion dancer.
The sequel to Jeepers Creepers 2 was originally scheduled to be released in 2017 before production was halted.
Being There is a 1979 American comedy-drama film directed by Hal Ashby.
Ruth Etting sings "Talking to Myself" and "Tomorrow, Who Cares?"
The movie has been screened at film festivals internationally, including the Bonnaroo Music Festival and The Raindance Festival in London.
The Secret Fury is a 1950 American black-and-white psychological thriller film noir directed by Mel Ferrer and starring Claudette Colbert, Robert Ryan and Jane Cowl.
It is an interpretation of Moby-Dick by Herman Melville.
The Last Starfighter was Preston's final film role.
Eve's Bayou is a 1997 American drama film written and directed by Kasi Lemmons, who made her directorial debut with this film.
This dub was released on VHS and laserdisc in the United States by Fox Video in 1993 and on DVD in 2002.
They remain part of the formal uniform of certain British institutions, such as Eton College and the boy-choristers of King's College Choir.
It is also the first time both characters appeared on film in color and widescreen.
The story was based on the 1954 novel D'entre les morts by Boileau-Narcejac.
It was filmed over two Sundays in 1959, at a cost of around £70.
A Low Down Dirty Shame is a 1994 American action comedy film written, directed by, and starring Keenen Ivory Wayans.
It was produced by producer Robert Simonds, who also produced the first one.
The film grossed over $103.9 million and is the 20th highest-grossing comedy film.
It retells the folktale Little Red Riding Hood as a police investigation, using flashbacks to show multiple characters' points of view.
Shout at the Devil is a 1976 British war adventure film directed by Peter R. Hunt and starring Lee Marvin and Roger Moore.
The movie later lent its name to a popular music group.
Produced by V. Ravichandran of Oscar Films, the film had music scored by Bharathwaj.
Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham... won several awards at popular award ceremonies the following year, including five Filmfare Awards.
The script was adapted by Edmund North from the 1947 novel of the same name by Dorothy B. Hughes.
The screenplay by Steve Martin is based on his 2000 novella of the same name.
Fierce Creatures is a 1997 farcical comedy film.
The film stars several Arsenal players and staff, although only manager George Allison has a speaking part.
Michael Douglas provides the sparse narration throughout the film.
The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Original Music Score; Chariots of Fire took the award.
Others see this movie as a drama.
Knightquest is a fan film that made its debut on the internet in October 2001, created by fans of the Star Wars franchise.
In the United States, the film received a theatrical release in 1990.
The film was followed by The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift in 2006.
Henry Fonda and Claudette Colbert portray settlers on the New York frontier during the American Revolution.
Cassiel only becomes human in the reunified Berlin, but quickly becomes involved in a criminal enterprise that threatens his newfound life and his friends.
The other song, "Hard Times", is a man-woman duet; one of the singers is Mickey Baker.
Costume Designer Bill Thomas, whose film credits passed the 200 mark in 1965, created more than 250 lavish costumes for the principal "Millionaire" players alone.
Looker is a 1981 science fiction film written and directed by Michael Crichton.
McKinney performs as Jason Stillwell, an American teenager who learns karate from the spirit of Bruce Lee.
His first mission brings him to Beverly Hills to investigate a murder mystery.
The Sixth is a 1981 Soviet action film directed by Samvel Gasparov at Gorky Film Studio.
Tezaab is known for the song "Ek Do Teen,","kehdo ke tum ho meri".
Chow's character "Mark Gor" was imitated by many fans even decades after the film's release.
Pickup on South Street is a 1953 Cold War spy film noir written and directed by Samuel Fuller and released by the 20th Century Fox studio.
American director Martin Scorsese ranked it one of the 11 scariest horror movies of all time.
Dave Foley plays Pat's partner, Chris, and Charles Rocket, another SNL alumnus, plays Pat's neighbor, Kyle Jacobsen.
The Swedish reggaeband Dag Vag also participates in a part of the movie when Ebba is on tour.
The film is, in part, a spoof of Kiplingesque movies and television series about life in the British Raj, both contemporary and from earlier, Hollywood, periods.
It premiered at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival on 16 May.
The Fifth Element is a 1997 French science-fiction action film directed and co-written by Luc Besson.
In 1991, Lawrence of Arabia was deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant" and selected for preservation in the United States Library of Congress National Film Registry.
Three to Tango is a 1999 American romantic comedy film starring Matthew Perry, Neve Campbell, Dylan McDermott and Oliver Platt.
Unlike the first film, which was a commercial success despite receiving mixed reviews, The Whole Ten Yards was a major critical and commercial failure.
A Blu-ray release from Lorber Films was scheduled on August 16, 2011.
It was followed by two sequels: Final Cut, which was released theatrically in 2000, and the direct-to-video film Bloody Mary in 2005.
It was the directorial debut of Swindon-born Marcus Adams.
Butterflies Are Free is a 1972 American comedy-drama film based on the play by Leonard Gershe.
Filming took place from June to December 2004 at Pinewood Studios in the United Kingdom.
As in The Rose, Midler's first starring role and also a blockbuster quasi-biopic, the film is fiction.
The film was Kieślowski's first to be produced partly outside his native Poland.
It is a sequel to, and follows the concept of Three, this time with more established directors.
Pola X is a 1999 French romantic drama film starring Guillaume Depardieu, Yekaterina Golubeva and Catherine Deneuve.
The film features voice over work by Renee Estevez and music by Fu Manchu and The Bellrays, among others.
Rocky V marked the final appearances of Talia Shire and Burgess Meredith in the Rocky series.
The screenplay focuses on the effect a seductive young man has on four siblings.
The film was remade in 2005 as 2001 Maniacs.
Moving Violations is a 1985 comedy film starring John Murray, Jennifer Tilly, Brian Backer, Sally Kellerman, Nedra Volz, Clara Peller, Wendie Jo Sperber and Fred Willard.
It also won two Golden Globes, for Best Picture and Kate Hudson won Best Supporting Actress.
Around the Bend is a 2004 road movie written and directed by Jordan Roberts.
This was the first major film for Hilary Duff, who was nearly 11 years old when the film was released on September 22, 1998.
His co-star Ethan Hawke was nominated for Best Supporting Actor.
The film received the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film and a nomination for Best Original Screenplay.
The large cast also includes Forrest Tucker, Christopher George, Ben Johnson, Glenn Corbett, Geoffrey Deuel, Andrew Prine, Bruce Cabot, Patric Knowles, and Richard Jaeckel.
Sheba, Baby is a 1975 American blaxploitation action film directed by William Girdler and starring Pam Grier and Austin Stoker.
Barney and the Backyard Gang is a direct-to-video series produced by The Lyons Group and was produced from October 13, 1988, to October 20, 1991.
It features a series of drug-induced vignettes both related and unrelated to life in the 1970s.
Originally titled Licence Revoked in line with the plot, the name was changed during post-production because too many people did not know what revoked meant.
The screenplay was written by Norman Reilly Raine and Aeneas MacKenzie.
The choreography for the films was by Yoshio Sugino of the Tenshin Shōden Katori Shintō-ryū.
In addition to its critical success, the film quickly became a great commercial success upon release.
The movie stars Goldie Hawn, Susan Sarandon and Geoffrey Rush.
John Forsythe reprised his role as the unseen Charlie's voice from the original series.
It also focuses on the atrocities committed against women.
Bells from the Deep: Faith and Superstition in Russia, is a 1993 documentary film written and directed by Werner Herzog, produced by Werner Herzog Filmproduktion.
Infernal Affairs II is a 2003 Hong Kong crime-thriller film directed by Andrew Lau and Alan Mak.
The film's soundtrack received a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Album.
Lily Tomlin was nominated for an American Comedy Award as "Funniest Supporting Actress in a Motion Picture" for her performance in this picture.
Other cameos in the film include directors Terry Gilliam, Sam Raimi, Costa-Gavras and Joel Coen, musician B.
The wedding scenes were filmed in an area of town called Cove on Dale Street.
The film premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on 10 September 1999.
He mentioned that the time he made the film was one of the happiest of his life, even though his part was rather brief.
Truly, Madly, Deeply is a 1990 British fantasy drama film made for the BBC's Screen Two series, by BBC Films, Lionheart and Winston Pictures.
The animation was groundbreaking by the standards of the time and helped spark the film industry's interest in computer animation.
A special edition of the film was released on Blu-ray in 2015 by The Criterion Collection.
Both films feature men who return to their former hometowns to investigate the death of a brother who has died under mysterious circumstances.
The Devil's Rain is a 1975 American horror film directed by Robert Fuest.
56 on Bravo TV's list of the "100 Funniest Movies", and No.
The film was ranked 80th in the American Film Institute's 100 best American films, and the 69th most thrilling film.
The film stars Paul Gross as Augustus Knickel, the mayor of Solomon Gundy, a fictional island off the coast of Nova Scotia.
In May 2010, it was officially revealed that writer-director Scherfig "borrowed" part of her plot from the Irish novel Evening Class by Maeve Binchy.
The Mortal Storm is a 1940 drama film from MGM directed by Frank Borzage and starring Margaret Sullavan and James Stewart.
James McCausland and Miller wrote the screenplay from a story by Miller and Kennedy.
The screenplay was by Antonioni and Tonino Guerra, with English dialogue by British playwright Edward Bond.
It was the first such movie about scuba diving and became a popular cultural hit.
Using fossil evidence, paleontologists have identified over 500 distinct genera and more than 1,000 different species of non-avian dinosaurs.
Sometimes documents are released with information still considered confidential obscured, as in the example at right.
A Clockwork Orange is a 1971 dystopian crime film adapted, produced, and directed by Stanley Kubrick, based on Anthony Burgess's 1962 novel of the same name.
Murray and Johansson each won a BAFTA award for Best Actor in a Leading Role and Best Actress in a Leading Role respectively.
Band members of The Pogues, Amazulu, and The Circle Jerks are also featured in the film.
It was Wilder's next movie after Some Like It Hot and, like its predecessor, a commercial and critical success, grossing $25 million at the box office.
Film critic Roger Ebert called it "just about everyone's favorite Woody Allen movie".
New characters include Viscount Mabrey, Lord Nicholas Devereaux, and Andrew Jacoby.
White Sun of the Desert is a 1970 classic 'Eastern' or Ostern film of the Soviet Union.
The film earned Sissako awards at the Fribourg International Film Festival, the Ouagadougou Panafrican Film and Television Festival and the San Francisco International Film Festival.
This film also has some historical importance:
This was due to the production company's inability to secure the rights to the animated characters' likenesses for this film.
The film was also nominated for Academy Award for Best Picture.
Fantastic Planet is a 1973 animated science fiction film directed by René Laloux and written by Laloux and Roland Topor.
Seeing Other People is a 2004 comedy film about a couple who decide to see other people two months before their wedding.
Sunshine Daydream was released on DVD and Blu-ray on September 17, 2013.
The film was a commercial success, earning $31.8 million against a $3.7 million budget.
The film featured Madhavan, Abbas and Reemma Sen in the lead, with Vivek and Nagesh also appearing in pivotal roles.
Rahul Bose portrays the character of Raja Chowdhury, a Bengali Muslim wildlife photographer.
Its many awards garnered include Best Actress at the 14th Hong Kong Film Awards for Yuen and Best Original Song for 'Chase' by Cheung.
Also in the cast are Maggie Smith, Kathy Najimy, Wendy Makkena, Mary Wickes, and Harvey Keitel.
Cantor plays a hobo named Aloysius "Al" Babson, who walks into the camp of a movie company that is making the Arabian Nights.
There are also short depictions of the characters six months after the show is over.
It was adapted from a screenplay written by both George and Keir Pearson.
The plot involves the on-location production in Waterford, Vermont, of a film called The Old Mill.
Sclavi is also the author of the comic Dylan Dog, which covers similar themes and whose protagonist is a Rupert Everett lookalike.
It is credited with simultaneously helping to popularise Japanese cinema in the West and influencing later Japanese film.
It received mixed reviews from critics, although it did earn Joel Grey a Golden Globe nomination.
Cub Tiger From Kwang Tung is a 1973 Hong Kong martial arts action film directed by Chu Mu and starring Jackie Chan.
"Woop Woop" is an Australian colloquialism referring to a fictional location in the middle of nowhere.
Loosely based on the book A Grande Arte by Brazilian Rubem Fonseca, it is one of the first theatrical works of Salles Jr.
The film was released into cinemas worldwide except in parts of the United States, where it was shown as a TV film.
It was followed by two sequels, Angels & Demons and Inferno.
The Moving Arts Film Journal ranked it #3 on its list of the 25 Greatest Sports Movies of All-Time.
Nicholson and Black were nominated for Academy Awards for their performances.
It was nominated for various awards, but did not win.
The vampire of the film is based on the jiangshi, the hopping corpses of Chinese folklore.
This was Hitchcock's second film in Technicolor, and like the preceding color film Rope, it also featured 10-minute takes.
Some of the scenes in the film have been borrowed from Pretty Woman, and the storyline is similar to Doosri Dulhan by Lekh Tandon.
It examines the economic and social situation in Jamaica, and specifically the impact thereon of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank's structural adjustment policies.
Maniac Cop is a 1988 American action horror film directed by William Lustig and written by Larry Cohen.
It was among the first 100 films selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry.
It was adapted from the novel of the same title by John Hersey, which won the Pulitzer Prize for fiction in 1945.
In 2002, readers of Playback voted it the 4th greatest Canadian film ever made.
The film likewise broke with many other series conventions, introducing metahumor and action film elements including shootouts and car chases.
The film is a compilation of two stories, the first of which, Bongo, is hosted by Jiminy Cricket and narrated by Dinah Shore.
Musician Little Richard also makes an appearance, and contributed the song "Great Gosh a'Mighty" to the soundtrack.
The Last Journey is a 1936 British drama film directed by Bernard Vorhaus and starring Godfrey Tearle, Hugh Williams and Judy Gunn.
The film stars Harvey Keitel and Robert De Niro.
From Beijing With Love is a 1994 Hong Kong action spy comedy film directed by Lee Lik-chi and Stephen Chow.
Feldman plays Digby Geste, the awkward and clumsy "identical twin" brother of Michael York's Beau, the dignified, aristocratic swashbuckler.
The film stars Toshiro Mifune and Isuzu Yamada in the lead roles.
It stars Dennis Quaid, Martin Short and Meg Ryan, with Robert Picardo and Kevin McCarthy, with music composed by Jerry Goldsmith.
Huston quickly became unpopular with the Army, not only for the film but also for his response to the accusation that the film was anti-war.
It was one of several films Charlie Chaplin created in a park setting.
Romeo + Juliet, starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes
The Legend of Bhagat Singh shows in detail how Singh came to develop his views on the British Raj and his struggle for Indian independence.
Gomez was nominated for a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his performance.
Tokyo Godfathers was the third animated film directed by Kon and the second which he both wrote and directed.
The world premiere was on 9 September 2002, at the Toronto International Film Festival.
The film was licensed by Geneon Entertainment in the North America, MVM Films in the United Kingdom, and Madman Entertainment in Australia and New Zealand.
The film received intense media coverage because of its graphic mix of violence and explicit sex scenes.
It was released on April 23, 1943 by RKO Radio Pictures.
Here Come the Littles is a 1985 animated fantasy film produced in France by DIC Entertainment and distributed by Atlantic Releasing.
In 2001, Jaws was selected by the Library of Congress for preservation in the United States National Film Registry, being deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
At the time of the film's debut, O'Toole and Ritter also starred in It, a TV miniseries where they played a couple.
It was directed by Amol Palekar and produced by Juhi Chawla, Aziz Mirza, Sanjiv Chawla and Shah Rukh Khan, who also plays the male lead.
It tells the story of a brother and sister who live under a family curse.
It recounts the story of a woman's trip to Paris, which is surrounded by a large flooded area.
The true story of the case ended with Bentley hanged for murder under controversial circumstances on 28 January 1953.
Shot in Malta, Budapest, Paris and New York City, Munich was a critical success but is also one of Spielberg's lowest-grossing films.
The Damned Don't Cry is a 1950 American film noir crime-drama directed by Vincent Sherman and featuring Joan Crawford, David Brian, and Steve Cochran.
It was also the first film to create three-dimensional shading with a computer, months before the release of the better-known Tron.
It is a semi-sequel to the 1920 film The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari.
Summer in the Golden Valley is a 2003 Bosnian film by Srđan Vuletić, produced by Ademir Kenović.
Agni Natchathiram is a 1988 Indian Tamil action drama film directed by Mani Ratnam.
Michael Biehn plays Kyle Reese, a soldier from the future sent back in time to protect Connor.
Demon Knight is a 1995 American horror film directed by Ernest Dickerson, starring Billy Zane, William Sadler, and Jada Pinkett Smith.
An uncredited Robert Young appears near the end of the film in a speaking role as Graham, a pilot.
The film stars Jon Heder in the role of the title character, for which he was paid $1,000.
Actors Hugh Grant and Alan Rickman play their respective suitors.
It was the third installment of the Matrix trilogy, released six months following The Matrix Reloaded.
It is also the name of a 2002 short animated movie by Tomasz Bagiński, based on the same story.
The score was composed by Bernard Herrmann.
Light Sleeper is an American drama film written and directed by Paul Schrader in 1992.
But by looking at humanity objectively and without indulgence, we may hope to save it.
The film is a parody of Attack of the 50 Foot Woman, but contains much nudity.
The film was adapted by Harold Jacob Smith from the story by Nedrick Young, originally credited as Nathan E. Douglas.
The film won the FIPRESCI Award at the 33rd Venice International Film Festival, and the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in 1971.
Baseball is also the self-applied nickname of Bob Uecker, who appears in the Major League movies.
It is also the second of three collaborations between Guay and Mazur, the others being The Little Rascals and Heartbreakers.
In spite of what the title might imply, this is more of a horror film than a child-friendly fantasy.
Rock with Barney was the final video in the series before the television show debuted.
Stuntman Bill Williams was killed on November 13, 1964 while performing a stunt involving a wagon going over a cliff.
The film was directed by Arthur Penn, with supporting performances by Randy Quaid, Harry Dean Stanton, Frederic Forrest, John McLiam and Kathleen Lloyd.
The Gun in Betty Lou's Handbag is a 1992 American screwball comedy film written by Grace Cary Bickley and directed by Allan Moyle.
The collaboration continued with The Beguiled and Dirty Harry and finally Escape from Alcatraz.
Maborosi, known in Japan as Maboroshi no Hikari, is a 1995 Japanese drama film by director Hirokazu Koreeda starring Makiko Esumi, Tadanobu Asano, and Takashi Naito.
The series has so far aired in Italy and the Far East.
Hitchcock’s film is based on the stage musical, Waltzes from Vienna, which premiered in Vienna in October 1930.
Lengthy passages of the film were shot in the Morro da Babilônia, a favela in the Leme neighbourhood of Rio de Janeiro.
Set and mostly taking place in New York City, Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna explores themes of adultery and extramarital affairs.
For the feature film Monster, Charlize Theron used this film as source material, apparently watching clips in-between takes in order to perfect her character.
Debating Robert Lee is a 2004 independent film, directed by Dan Polier and written by Dan Polier and Matthew Klein.
Through the 47 towns he visits, Moore discovers and describes American economic failings and the fear of unemployment of the American workers.
Marathi movie 'Kokanastha' also written and directed by Mahesh Manjrekar has a similar plot.
It was entered into the 45th Berlin International Film Festival.
The directorial debut of John Lasseter, Toy Story was the first feature-length computer-animated film and the first feature film produced by Pixar.
Directed by Hajim, the film was slated for 2012 release as the world's first animated lesbian-themed sci-fi film.
The film was released for home video as part of Tiny Toy Stories in 1996 and Pixar Short Films Collection, Volume 1 in 2007.
Neuschwanstein Castle and Linderhof Palace were used as the basis of the film's setting.
In 2003, the Library of Congress deemed it "significant" and preserved it in the National Film Registry.
After its release on home video, the film developed a cult following.
Atlantis is considered to be a cult favorite, due in part to Mignola's unique artistic influence.
The Cotton Club is a 1984 American crime-drama film centered on a Harlem jazz club of the 1930s, the Cotton Club.
The film, which combines computer animation with live-action filming, was directed by Michael Bay, with Steven Spielberg serving as executive producer.
The low-budget B-movie was shot on location in Paris, France.
The Colditz Story is a 1955 prisoner of war film starring John Mills and Eric Portman and directed by Guy Hamilton.
The film is about a Catholic priest from Luxembourg who is imprisoned in Dachau concentration camp, but released for nine days.
It was directed by Al Reinert with music by Brian Eno.
The film explores the way Nik handles the events of his life.
It is a sequel to the 1987 film, Stakeout.
Because the novelization was released six months before the movie, many people mistakenly believed the film was based on Asimov's book.
Its dreamlike nature has both fascinated and baffled viewers; many have hailed the work as a masterpiece, while others consider it incomprehensible.
Since Otar Left is a 2003 film by director Julie Bertuccelli, recounting the lives of three Georgian women in modern-day Tbilisi.
It was at this stage that the film's coverage narrowed to concentrate more on the coup attempt.
is a 1993 fantasy film by German director Wim Wenders.
The film follows two police officers attempting to solve a series of mysterious deaths in an English village.
For Ghiberti's "Gates of Paradise"; see Battistero di San Giovanni
The supporting cast features Thomas Mitchell and Richard Barthelmess.
He made the films back-to-back, retaining much of the same cast and crew.
Homicidal is a 1961 American horror-thriller film produced and directed by William Castle, and starring Glenn Corbett, Patricia Breslin, Eugenie Leontovich, Alan Bunce, and Jean Arless.
The story was written by Irwin Allen and Charles Bennett.
The film is unflinching in its realism.
The period setting is reflected in Michael Nyman's score, which borrows widely from Henry Purcell and in the extensive and elaborate costume designs.
The film's title is a reference to the original production number of Citizen Kane.
After premiering in the Venice Film Festival, it received some positive reviews and grossed $10 million in the U.S. box office.
Pan's Labyrinth is a 2006 dark fantasy film written and directed by Mexican filmmaker Guillermo del Toro.
A sequel called The War of the Gargantuas was produced the following year.
The film stars James Garner, Joan Hackett, Walter Brennan, Harry Morgan, Jack Elam and Bruce Dern.
Based on a novel by Oliver Sandys, the film is about two chorus girls at the Pleasure Garden Theatre in London and their troubled relationships.
Pork Chop Hill is a 1959 American Korean War film starring Gregory Peck, Rip Torn and George Peppard.
The film was shot in Weirton, West Virginia and surrounding areas.
The film stars Gregory Peck, Ann Todd, Alida Valli, Charles Laughton, Charles Coburn, Ethel Barrymore and Louis Jourdan.
It has since received a positive reappraisal and gained a reputation as one of the best and most influential horror films in cinema history.
With some prodding, the tourists unwittingly reveal an unattractive and pervasive ethnocentrism to O'Rourke's cameras.
The quotation used by the prison warden in the film, which begins with "What we've got here is failure to communicate," was listed at No.
Hoffa is a 1992 French-American biographical crime film directed by Danny DeVito and written by David Mamet, based on the life of Teamsters leader Jimmy Hoffa.
English and Russian are spoken interchangeably in the film.
The film stars Salman Khan, Preity Zinta, Bhoomika Chawla, Delnaaz Paul, Riya Sen and Helen.
After mastering agency tactics, however, he becomes disillusioned and drops out to train young Chicago blacks as "Freedom Fighters".
It originally aired on NBC over four consecutive nights in November 1977.
This was Shirish Kunder's first film as a director.
It is the first part of the Calcutta trilogy.
It also features plenty of his zany comedy most of which takes place in Pasanen's character's fantasies.
The Calcium Kid is a British mockumentary comedy film which was released in 2004.
Cemetery Man is a 1994 comedy horror film directed by Michele Soavi and starring Rupert Everett, François Hadji-Lazaro and Anna Falchi.
After numerous cuts, it was released with an R rating for "strong sexuality, nudity, violence, language, and some drug content".
And Soon the Darkness is a 1970 British thriller film.
I'm Not Scared is a 2003 Italian crime mystery thriller film directed by Gabriele Salvatores.
In Bogarde's autobiographies and in the 2004 biography, it is recounted that Judy Garland's lines were substantially rewritten by Bogarde.
Joe Tyler is a process server who is given the assignment to serve Sara Moore with divorce papers.
It was produced by Walden Media and Walt Disney Pictures.
The other two were Angels with Dirty Faces and The Oklahoma Kid.
This film is primarily about the misadventures between an android and a woman.
Dickie Roberts: Former Child Star is a 2003 American comedy film directed by Sam Weisman and starring David Spade and Mary McCormack.
The film did well commercially, but received mixed reviews from critics.
Coppola wrote the screenplay for the film with Hinton on his days off from shooting The Outsiders.
The film stars Joan Bennett and was produced by her husband Walter Wanger.
It stars Hayden Christensen, Jessica Alba, Terrence Howard and Lena Olin.
The film was directed by Franklin J. Schaffner, written by Anne Piper & Norman Steinberg, and produced by Peter Fetterman.
The action was shot on location in the house and formal gardens of Groombridge Place.
In 2013, NBC announced they were developing a TV series based on the film, but the project was later put on hold.
The live-action actors consisted of Tim Curry, Billy Connolly, Jennifer Saunders, and Kevin Bishop in his feature film debut.
Stargate is a 1994 French-American science fiction adventure film released through Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Carolco Pictures.
In New York, the film opened at the Capitol Theatre, the site of many prestigious MGM premieres.
A Plantation Act is an early Vitaphone sound-on-disc short film starring Al Jolson, the first film that Jolson starred in.
This film encapsulates the hilarious and heartbreaking struggle of actor versus situation versus life, and often versus each other.
Warner Bros. claimed that this version of the film was unsatisfactory; concerns about the backlash against Coonskin were also cited.
99 River Street is a 1953 film noir starring John Payne, Evelyn Keyes, Brad Dexter, Frank Faylen, and Peggie Castle.
Saving Jessica Lynch is a 2003 American television film that aired on NBC and featured Canadian actress Laura Regan in the title role.
Higher education, post-secondary education, or third level education is an optional final stage of formal learning that occurs after completion of secondary education.
The cinematography was by Venu and it was edited by T. R. Shekar.
The Associate is a 1996 American comedy film directed by Donald Petrie and written by Nick Thiel.
The film's critical and commercial failure led Allcroft to resign from her company, Gullane Entertainment in September 2000.
The trilogy was adapted into a minor 1960 film and a 1979 television miniseries both of which were simply titled Studs Lonigan.
Nevertheless, Stargate became a commercial success worldwide.
It was the ninth top-grossing film of 1996.
After being out of print on VHS for many years, the movie was finally released on DVD for the first time on October 4, 2011.
The music accompanying the film is Bunny Berigan's "I Can't Get Started", recorded in 1937.
They Made Me a Fugitive is a 1947 British film noir set in postwar England.
Professor Stephen Hawking has called it his "favorite movie of all time."
The American Civil War film is a sparse but faithful retelling of the story, incorporating narration from the text to move the plot forward.
Vanilla Sky is a 2001 American science fiction psychological thriller film directed, written, and co-produced by Cameron Crowe.
Randy Newman, who composed the music for Pixar's three prior films, returned to compose its fourth.
It was followed by The Care Bears Adventure in Wonderland in 1987.
The film follows novelist and suspected serial killer Catherine Tramell, who is once again in trouble with the authorities.
The film is described by co-producer Jean Labadie as "a return to the Greenaway of The Draughtsman's Contract."
It was first released in 1919 and stars Conrad Veidt and Reinhold Schünzel.
Bluffmaster released on 16 December 2005, and received positive response from critics.
Because of this, some film critics have drawn comparisons to the popular Thai film Ong-Bak.
It is the first and best known film in Doughten's four-part series on the Rapture and Second Coming of Christ.
Takeshi Kaga, actor, known for his portrayal of Chairman Kaga in the television show Iron Chef
The Academy Film Archive preserved Patton in 2003.
It is the second installment in The Fast and the Furious franchise, and a sequel to The Fast and the Furious.
It is based on the 1958 science fiction novel L'Orphelin de Perdide by Stefan Wul.
Carnival of Souls was Harvey's only feature film, and did not gain widespread attention when originally released as a double feature with The Devil's Messenger.
The film has been released to VHS and DVD.
Reluctant, which is at anchor beside a tropical island.
It was first shown at Melbourne's Athenaeum Hall on 26 December 1906 and premiered in the United Kingdom in January 1908.
Their corruption grows until he can no longer allow himself to stand by and do nothing.
American Shaolin is a 1992 American martial arts film, starring Reese Madigan, Kim Chan and Daniel Dae Kim.
The music was scored by John Addison, who had served in the British XXX Corps during Market Garden.
in 1970, and The Organization in 1971.
It was directed by Ernie Gehr and filmed in the basement hallway of a Binghamton University academic building.
It features an ensemble cast, many of whom had worked with Curtis in previous film and television projects.
The film has attained cult status over the years and is regarded as one of Chopra's best.
Much of the courtroom testimony was taken from the original court transcripts.
Kikujiro tells the story of a young boy searching for his mother during his summer vacation.
It received positive critical reviews and was nominated for two Academy Awards.
Rasulala died shortly after completing his scenes, and the film is dedicated to his memory.
It was produced by Stan Foster and Reuben Cannon.
The film received mostly positive reviews from critics, but underperformed at the box office, grossing only $6,742,168 during its domestic theatrical release.
The Great Flamarion is a 1945 film noir mystery film directed by Anthony Mann starring Erich von Stroheim and Mary Beth Hughes.
After the escape, SS Chief Heinrich Himmler ordered the death camp closed.
The film takes place in a dystopian American society in the year 2000, where the murderous Transcontinental Road Race has become a form of national entertainment.
is a 1969 Italian-French war drama film directed by Gillo Pontecorvo and starring Marlon Brando, Evaristo Márquez and Renato Salvatori.
The film was directed and produced by Max Baer, Jr. and stars Robby Benson and Glynnis O'Connor.
Mayabazar is a 1957 Indian epic fantasy film directed by Kadiri Venkata Reddy.
When his friends heard the product of this they suggested that he add images to it.
", which Schwartz and Dietz wrote specifically for the film, was a hit and has become a standard.
She's Gotta Have It is a 1986 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Spike Lee.
Dead Presidents is a 1995 American crime thriller film co-written by Michael Henry Brown and the Hughes brothers, Albert and Allen, who also produced and directed.
The Nude Bomb is a 1980 comedy film based on the television series Get Smart.
In accordance with the family's wishes, Dorothy's mother is never mentioned by name in the movie, and the names of her sister and brother were altered.
The screenplay is by Wenders, Richard Reitinger and Ulrich Zieger.
The plot focuses on a corrupt reverend-turned-serial killer who attempts to charm an unsuspecting widow and steal $10,000 hidden by her executed husband.
Kevin Costner was cast as Alex, but all scenes showing his face were cut.
Claudia Cardinale featured in a minor role; she would later rise to fame for other work.
An Innocent Man is a 1989 American crime drama thriller film directed by Peter Yates, and starring Tom Selleck.
A blockbuster, Krrish grossed a worldwide total of ₹1.17 billion, becoming the second highest earning Indian film of 2006.
Critics opinions were mostly negative but indicated that the actors were not to blame.
Kid Galahad is a 1962 American musical film starring Elvis Presley as a boxer.
Ida Makes a Movie is the short film that inspired the Degrassi franchise.
Recaptured by Toombs, Riddick is taken to Crematoria, a harsh subterranean prison moon, where Jack, a girl Riddick rescued, was reported to have been sent.
The world premiere was at the Plaza Theatre in London's West End on January 18, 1962.
Some later video releases almost tripled the cuts.
It stars Adam Sandler as a wedding singer in the 1980s and Drew Barrymore as a waitress with whom he falls in love.
The Serpent's Egg is a 1977 American-West German drama film directed by Ingmar Bergman and starring David Carradine and Liv Ullmann.
The Game of Death is an incomplete 1972 Hong Kong martial arts film directed, written, produced by and starring Bruce Lee, in his final film attempt.
The short was also released in 3D on Monsters, Inc. Blu-ray 3D, on February 19, 2013.
Joe Mantegna, Michael McKean, Ernie Hudson and Michael Richards play supporting roles.
It was filmed in Spain by the British director Terence Young.
Both Castellitto and Cruz received critical praise for their performances, as well as several awards, including the prestigious David di Donatello.
Keiko Nobumoto, noted for being the creator of the Wolf's Rain series and a head scriptwriter for Cowboy Bebop, co-wrote the script with Kon.
The supporting cast includes Lionel Barrymore and James Stewart.
Alien Adventure is a science fiction/slapstick comedy 3D film in IMAX format released in 1999 by nWave Pictures, written and directed by Ben Stassen.
Courage Under Fire is a 1996 American war film directed by Edward Zwick, and starring Denzel Washington and Meg Ryan.
A Scene at the Sea is a 1991 Japanese film written and directed by Takeshi Kitano.
The three actors play their musical instruments and speak with mock English accents throughout the movie.
Academic criticism of Inseminoid has concentrated on the film's treatment of the female sex and female sexualities in the context of corruption by an alien source.
The story is told in the trademark Altman style, with multiple plots and overlapping humorous dialogue.
Hu Tu Tu is a 1999 Hindi drama directed by Gulzar.
It has appeared in some scholarly polls of the greatest films ever made.
Production of the film was a co-production between the Walt Disney Studios and Nova International Films.
National Lampoon's Van Wilder is a 2002 romantic comedy film directed by Walt Becker and written by Brent Goldberg and David T. Wagner.
The film's initial release sparked controversy due to its serious, in-depth treatment of the then-taboo subject of drug addiction.
Rani Mukerji featured in a supporting role, while Salman Khan also had an extended-cameo appearance.
Unlike most experimental films, it received a wide public exhibition, released by FBO Pictures Corporation into more than 700 theaters in North America and Europe.
Teen Wolf is a 1985 American fantasy-comedy film directed by Rod Daniel and written by Jeph Loeb and Matthew Weisman.
A Movie consists of many shots of animals and people moving quickly, precariously balanced objects, cars and people crashing, and, perhaps most importantly, violence and war.
It was one of Haley's last appearances in a major, large-budgeted film; after 1943 he began making mostly B-pictures.
In the film, a college student performs experiments on insects until a housemate tries to kill them.
Lianna is a 1983 drama film written and directed by John Sayles.
Wild at Heart is a 1990 American film written and directed by David Lynch, and based on Barry Gifford's 1989 novel of the same name.
The film was screened at weekend matinees during its original U.S. release, and made over US$6.5 million.
Years later the two rediscover each other much changed, and find that they may still have the capacity for love.
The original music score is composed by Danny Elfman.
Feng, known as the Western Venom, crosses paths with other powerful wuxia masters from the novel: Eastern Heretic, Northern Beggar, and Dugu Qiubai.
Klute is the first installment of what informally came to be known as Pakula's "paranoia trilogy".
At the box office, it achieved a silver jubilee status being one of only eight films to have achieved this status since the year 2000.
The Good Son is a 1993 American psychological thriller film directed by Joseph Ruben and written by English novelist Ian McEwan.
In addition to serving as housing, fraternity and sorority housing may also serve to host social gatherings, meetings, and functions that benefit the community.
The film survives today not only on 16 mm film, but also on video and DVD.
The film was also nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Sound at the 68th Academy Awards.
The film stars Meg Ryan and Omar Epps and was directed by Charles S. Dutton, in his motion-picture directorial debut.
Before Sunset is a 2004 American romantic drama film, the sequel to Before Sunrise.
A co-production between Paramount Pictures and Walt Disney Productions, Dragonslayer was more mature than most other Disney films of the period.
Once Upon a Time in the West is a 1968 epic Spaghetti Western film co-written and directed by Sergio Leone.
It is a sequel to Taxi, written by Luc Besson and directed by Gérard Pirès in 1998.
Flaxy Martin is a 1949 film noir directed by Richard L. Bare.
There are two common types of present tense form in most Indo-European languages: the present indicative and the present subjunctive.
The film is a reworking of the 1941 Argentine musical Los martes, orquídeas directed by Francisco Múgica.
It is the story of a pool hustler who is opposed by his former mentor and his new prodigy in a climactic big-stakes nine-ball match.
The many different sounds and rhythms he hears throughout his journey culminates in a major instrumental composition which concludes the film.
For All Mankind was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary in 1990.
Richter was hired to rewrite the script extensively and modernize it.
The characters of Amy Blue and Jordan White are based on the Mark Beyer comic strip "Amy and Jordan".
Schwarzenegger received a salary of $25 million for his role in the film.
Pyaasa is a 1957 Indian film produced by, directed by, and starring Guru Dutt.
Though also available in Hong Kong, the DVD edition was not released in Japan since the series is still banned and the last episode unreleased yet.
The film was rated PG-13 and first aired on the USA Network and for many years held the record for the highest rated basic cable film.
The film plays out a psychologically complex love triangle in the middle of terrorist conflict in the Israeli occupied West Bank.
Additionally, the film won an Academy Award for Best Original Song for "Take My Breath Away" performed by Berlin.
Production of the film started and completed in February 1982.
The film was screened out of competition at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival.
Soderbergh directed two sequels, Ocean's Twelve in 2004 and Ocean's Thirteen in 2007, which make up the Ocean's Trilogy.
It has also been performed by the noted soprano Guo Lanying.
During his investigations, Deckard meets Rachael, an advanced replicant who causes him to question the replicants' humanity.
The film was shot at Hyderabad, Thanjavur, Villupuram and Chennai, and the song sequences were filmed in Amsterdam, Mumbai, Malaysia and Tenkasi.
Paths of Glory is a 1957 American anti-war film by Stanley Kubrick based on the novel of the same name by Humphrey Cobb.
The film won two awards at the 1998 Independent Spirit Awards.
French filmmaker Jean-Pierre Melville called The Kremlin Letter "masterly" and "...saw it as establishing the standard for cinema."
Initially scheduled to release during the Diwali festivities of 2001, the film eventually released in India, United Kingdom and North America on 14 December 2001.
The story was conceived by Donald G. Jackson, creator of the Frogtown franchise.
The series featured the adventures of a diver in an old-fashioned diving suit who talked to the passing fish.
His inquiries lead him to a huge industrial complex, strikingly similar to his own plans for a moon colony.
It was directed by Jim Wynorski under the pseudonym "Jay Andrews".
Missamma is a 1955 Indian Telugu-language romantic comedy film directed by L. V. Prasad.
The film was dubbed and released in Telugu as Balapam Patti Bhama Odilo in 2016.
Released on December 14, 2001 by Columbia Pictures, it is a parody of teen movies which had accumulated in Hollywood over the decades preceding its release.
Constructed almost entirely from still photos, it tells the story of a post-nuclear war experiment in time travel.
It was directed by Charles Sturridge and featured an ensemble cast of American, Australian, British, and French actors and actresses.
Tune in Tomorrow is a 1990 film comedy directed by Jon Amiel.
The film was released in the Hong Kong on 24 September 2004.
Bringing up Baby was a commercial flop upon its release, although it eventually made a small profit after its re-release in the early 1940s.
The American Film Institute ranked The American President No.
The film was co-written by Hugh Woodhouse and Hazel Adair.
The film features brief, uncredited appearances by Frankie Avalon and includes Buster Keaton in one of his last roles.
A live-action remake of the film directed by Tim Burton is scheduled to be released on March 29, 2019.
Jedda is a 1955 Australian film written, produced and directed by Charles Chauvel.
The film earned several awards and four Academy Award nominations for its cinematography and audio.
Valerie and Her Week of Wonders was filmed in the Czech town of Slavonice and surrounding areas.
Ghosts Can't Do It is a 1989 American romantic crime fantasy comedy film written and directed by John Derek, and starring Bo Derek and Anthony Quinn.
The film was later featured in episodes of Mystery Science Theater 3000, Elvira's Movie Macabre, and Off Beat Cinema.
The Red Badge of Courage is a 1951 war film made by MGM.
However, when Captain Hook, the enemy of his past, kidnaps his children, he returns to Neverland in order to save them.
Each film contains a theatre motif that reappears throughout the film.
Geena Davis, Randy Quaid, Jason Robards, Tony Shalhoub, Stanley Tucci, Phil Hartman, Victor Argo, Kurtwood Smith, Bob Elliott and Philip Bosco all co-star.
A Thousand Clowns is a 1965 film adaptation of a 1962 play by Herb Gardner, directed by Fred Coe.
John Landis had previously directed The Kentucky Fried Movie, which employed a similar sketch anthology format.
is a 1980 American satirical parody film directed and written by David and Jerry Zucker as well as Jim Abrahams, and produced by Jon Davison.
Chinese Box is a 1997 movie directed by Wayne Wang and starring Jeremy Irons, Gong Li, Maggie Cheung and Michael Hui.
In 2015, Toronto International Film Festival critics ranked it among the Top 10 Canadian Films of All Time.
It spoofs George A. Romero's Dawn of the Dead and shows many similarities to Peter Jackson's Braindead.
Jimmy Hollywood is a 1994 American comedy film written and directed by Barry Levinson and starring Joe Pesci and Christian Slater.
The film's name comes from the California Penal Code Section 187.
Canada's Sweetheart: The Saga of Hal C. Banks is a Canadian docudrama, written and produced by Donald Brittain.
It is the first and only film in the franchise, to date, to be given a PG-13 rating.
It was China's official entry for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, though it did not get nominated.
This was also the first Pokémon film to feature a Generation IV Pokémon, with the debut of Munchlax.
Alyas Batman en Robin is a 1991 Filipino musical-comedy film produced by Regal Films spoofing the 1960s Batman television series.
It is an adaption by Ni Zhen of the 1990 novel Wives and Concubines by Su Tong.
High Anxiety is a 1977 American satirical comedy film produced and directed by Mel Brooks, who also plays the lead.
The film was not a commercial success, and it was unable to recoup its $30 million budget at the box office.
In the first five videos, "I Love You" was sung at the beginning.
is a 2012 American computer animated adventure comedy film produced by Threshold Entertainment and directed by Larry Kasanoff.
A new television series from HBO, based on the original film, debuted on October 2, 2016.
This remains unchanged in the DVD release, though the English dub refers to them as "raccoon pouches".
It was critically panned, and wound up on many critics' "worst of 1990" and "worst of all time" lists.
The title refers to the sultry "dog days" of summer.
The film was showcased at the Cannes Film Festival.
The original music for the film was composed by Miklós Rózsa and Victor Young.
The cast of the film included Vincent Price, Cecil Kellaway, Sir Cedric Hardwicke, Nan Grey, Alan Napier and John Sutton.
The plot is a fictionalized account of the life of Margaret Brown, who survived the 1912 sinking of the RMS Titanic.
The Last Angry Man is a drama film which tells the story of a television producer who profiles the life of a physician.
A prominent feature of the film is a body count that is superimposed onscreen whenever a death occurs.
The film is based on the last two-thirds of the 1932 Bengali novel, Aparajito, by Bibhutibhushan Bandopadhyay.
It follows a reincarnated Romanian barbarian as he wreaks havoc on modern day New York City.
The film also stars Kathy Bates and Martin Sheen.
The screenplay was written by Ruth Brooks Flippen based on characters created by Frederick Kohner, who also wrote a novelisation of the film in 1961.
Sake Bombs and Happy Endings is a DVD by the pop punk band Sum 41 of their promotional tour for "Does This Look Infected?"
Kalathur Kannamma was released on 12 August 1960.
The story follows a sheriff in a small New Jersey town inhabited and dominated by corrupt New York City cops.
The title is a well-known English expression indicating smug and complacent selfishness, with an implied "fuck you!
The film is not related to Louise Bagshawe's 1995 novel of the same name.
Prior to its release in 1998, the film was extensively reshot and recut, and then released to poor critical acclaim but respectable box office.
Three Dollars is a 2005 Australian film, directed by Robert Connolly and based on a novel of the same name by Elliot Perlman.
Another time when the students were all portrayed as depressed, the real reason for that depression was not mentioned.
The film is recognized for its explicit depiction of sex and drug use, which caused complications in the film's rating certificate in various countries.
Apoorva Raagangal was controversial upon release as it examines relationships between people with wide age gaps, which challenged Indian social mores.
Poldek Pfefferberg, one of the Schindlerjuden, made it his life's mission to tell the story of Schindler.
The title character's speech, which vaguely resembles pidgin, is mostly unintelligible to the audience, but the other characters in the film have no problem understanding him.
This movie was released along with director Shoojit Sircar's Yahaan on 25 July 2005.
Jennifer Blaire, who performs Animala, is Blamire's wife.
Irving documented his involvement in bringing the novel to the screen in his book, My Movie Business.
The Trip to Bountiful is a 1985 film starring Geraldine Page, John Heard, Carlin Glynn, Richard Bradford and Rebecca De Mornay.
The film stars Masashi Endō as Ace, a big fan of the Japanese rock group Guitar Wolf.
The soundtrack was composed by Quincy Jones, and the bossa nova theme song, "Who Needs Forever", is performed by Astrud Gilberto.
They talk about the money they have made, and the expensive suits and cars they were able to buy.
The film also won a number of awards including those from the Berlin and Toronto International Film Festivals.
Better Off Dead is a 1985 American teen romantic comedy film starring John Cusack and written and directed by Savage Steve Holland.
Maxim magazine also singled the film out as having the Best Sex Scene in film history.
Most of the staff from the first Fullmetal Alchemist anime started development on Conqueror of Shamballa shortly after the anime's ending.
The film is the first installment of Fassbinder's BRD Trilogy, followed by Veronika Voss and Lola.
The cinematography is by Robert D. Yeoman.
The Love Parade is a 1929 American Pre-Code musical comedy film about the marital difficulties of Queen Louise of Sylvania and her consort, Count Alfred Renard.
In the film, the same individuals act with equal ruthlessness to hide a project intended to protect long-term national interests.
It was directed and produced by John and Roy Boulting, from a script by John Boulting and Frank Harvey.
Fox, Julie Warner, and Woody Harrelson, with Bridget Fonda, David Ogden Stiers, Frances Sternhagen, Roberts Blossom, and Barnard Hughes appearing in supporting roles.
The film is played out in distinct sections with old-fashioned title cards, the lettering and illustrations rendered in a style reminiscent of the Saturday Evening Post.
The idea for the film was conceived by Michael Lachance, a DreamWorks Animation executive.
The Caan character was generally believed to be based on Bob Hope.
Stealing Beauty is a 1996 drama film directed by Bernardo Bertolucci and starring Liv Tyler, Joseph Fiennes, Jeremy Irons, Sinéad Cusack, and Rachel Weisz.
The screenplay is based on the 1995 autobiographical novel of the same name by Stefanie Zweig.
BUtterfield 8 is a 1960 drama film directed by Daniel Mann, starring Elizabeth Taylor and Laurence Harvey.
The film follows the troubled relationship between two girls as they grow up.
The short films and the film itself feature a dimwitted, narcissistic male model named Derek Zoolander, played by Stiller.
Unlike the first remake, no one involved with the original is involved with this version.
Due to the film's violent content, Hooper struggled to find a distributor.
In the intervening decades, criticism has been deeply divided.
Strange Frame: Love & Sax is a science fiction feature film created using cutout animation and written by Shelley Doty and GB Hajim.
It was the first full-length Pokémon film to ever be released in its original aspect ratio on Region 1 DVD.
It was filmed in Mexico, notably at the Hacienda Ciénaga del Carmen and on the Rio Nazas.
King Sæberht of Essex dies after a 12-year reign, and is succeeded by his son Sexred.
Fleeing in an armored truck the three plummet into an abyss after trying to force past a police aircraft along a narrow suspended roadway.
It is a celebratory dramatization of the 1917 October Revolution commissioned for the tenth anniversary of the event.
Birdee is an unassuming housewife whose life is disrupted when her husband reveals his infidelity to her on a Ricki Lake-style talk show.
is a 2005 French-language Canadian coming-of-age drama film directed by Jean-Marc Vallée and co-written by Vallée and François Boulay.
As a slippery mob boss romantically pursuing Angela, Dean Stockwell was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
Billboard Dad is a 1998 American direct-to-video comedy film, directed by Alan Metter starring Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen.
At the same time of this release, it was also released on a simple Blu-ray/DVD combo.
Some considered it to be pretentious or exasperating; it was viewed by others as a masterpiece, and has grown in stature since its initial release.
Scotland, PA is a 2001 film directed and written by William Morrissette.
The film was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States on December 30, 2003.
Waiting... is a 2005 American workplace comedy film starring Ryan Reynolds, Anna Faris, and Justin Long.
Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band and 1969's Abbey Road.
The film was co-produced by the production companies of Eric Idle and Lorne Michaels, and directed by Idle and Gary Weis.
Despite being a comedy, the film also touches on serious subjects such as unemployment, fathers' rights, depression, impotence, homosexuality, body image, working class culture and suicide.
Live at the Aladdin Las Vegas is a 2003 direct to video film of Prince in concert at the Aladdin Theatre for the Performing Arts.
A year later, director Mann used the film's male lead, Dennis O'Keefe, in Raw Deal.
The film won the Animage Anime Grand Prix prize and the Mainichi Film Award and Kinema Junpo Award for Best Film in 1988.
It is one of the most popular episodes of the series.
Controversial in its own time, it has since been praised as a "vanguard anti-war film".
He and Malden later teamed for 1970's Patton, for which Scott won an Academy Award.
In This World is a 2002 British docudrama directed by Michael Winterbottom.
The music was crafted by Burman to match the timbre of Mukherjee's perception of a subtle, complex love story involving the Indian middle class.
Its title refers to it being Fellini's eighth and a half film as a director.
But the village is destroyed by a race of beast-like warriors under the control of the sorcerer Maax.
The film stars Richie Andrusco in the title role, and Richard Brewster as his brother Lennie.
Also uncovered nearby are the remains of early human ancestors more than five million years old.
The film can be found on the DVD set Walt Disney Treasures: Behind the Scenes at the Walt Disney Studio.
The film starred George Sanders as Templar and was produced by William Sistrom.
