Variations include different kinds of meat and vegetables with cooked beans served in a thick broth made from auyama, a Dominican squash.
Mostly they burn a piece of dried fish using fire to have this rice.
In many Italian-American households it is often the traditional birthday cake.
Rhubarb pies and desserts are popular in Canada too since the rhubarb plant can survive in cold weather climates.
"Papuc" or "papuç" is a Persian word "paposh" that is used in Turkish and means shoe or slipper.
The term is derived from the occitan and catalan term crostada, and the English term custard derives from it.
One reason behind it is arguably protesting all kinds of violence and bloodshed.
It has a cupola shape, which extends from a cylindrical base and is usually about 12–15 cm high for a panettone weighing 1 kg.
In the late 1900s and early 2000s, however, fried chicken has been mass-produced and the price of the dish has gone down significantly.
The standard wafu dressing consists of a mixture of Japanese soy sauce, rice vinegar, mirin and vegetable oil.
Some American butchers call a thick top sirloin steak a chateaubriand, although the French reserve that term for a more premium cut from the tenderloin.
In Portugal, they are typically made using Marie biscuit.
They are about 3 centimeters by 2 centimeters in size, weigh about 5 grams, and are individually wrapped.
In the Philippines, it is called by different names as it has different variations.
The crust is extra thick, yet super-crispy on the bottom.
Sabudana vadas are crunchy and "melt in the mouth."
Macon is a food item that is prepared from mutton.
The name derives from the dessert's liquid chocolate center.
Cereals used in the recipes are usually Chex or Crispix.
When making a shortcrust pastry, care must be taken to blend the fat and flour thoroughly before adding any liquid.
Mutton curry may be served with rice.
It is commonly included in a Swedish Christmas dinner table, but can be eaten on other occasions such as Easter.
It is sometimes seasoned with salt and pepper, smoked pork or smoked turkey.
Other types include bean salad, tuna salad, fattoush, Greek salad, and Japanese sōmen salad.
Products which use nonfat or lowfat yogurt or dairy analogues are sold as frozen yogurt.
Onions, carrots, parsnip and pumpkin are used in some preparations.
Muslims eat them at night during Ramadan and on the Eid al-Fitr and Eid al-Adha holidays,
Sajjige is served as a breakfast or a dessert item.
The biscuit was introduced in 1910 by the biscuit company Peek Freans, of Bermondsey, London, originator of the Garibaldi biscuit.
A comparison of the composition of camel milk and camel chal:
The bowl must be covered and except the fish, we can put some nettle.
The local variety of chistorra available in the province of León is called Chistorra de León, and is made with a larger percentage of beef.
This roti is made of maize flour and is yellow in colour, though it can also be eaten with other breads.
He was responding to a challenge by Emperor Napoleon III to create a butter substitute for the armed forces and lower classes.
Still popular in the area, the cake is made of multiple thin layers of cake alternating with dessert pudding.
The name originates from the Old Slavonic word kolo meaning "circle", "wheel".
After this all ingredients are combined and stirred.
Apple Brown Betty was one of the favorite desserts of Ronald and Nancy Reagan in the White House.
"tea food") is a bite-size hangwa that is normally accompanied by tea.
Pork tenderloin is cut into 1 inch slices and pounded with mallet until it becomes thinner and soft.
Sauce is a brand of steak sauce produced by Kraft Foods.
It is usually served at the beginning or at the end of a meal.
It is considered an Italian-American dish, and is related to various regional fish soups and stews of Italian cuisine.
The remainder is usually used for ground beef.
Bridge mix or Grand Slam mix is a type of snack mix or candy consisting of nuts, fruits, and "cremes" all covered in chocolate.
Beginning around 2005 McDonald's also offered a rice burger in some of its Asian stores, with mixed results.
The higher a temperature one boils the initial syrup, the thicker the final result will be.
Ayam bakar is an Indonesian or Malaysian dish of charcoal-grilled chicken.
Some variations also include a shot of amaretto, Bicerin or other liqueur.
Sticky buns also have a Germanic origin and were originally known as "Schnecken".
Besides, chili pepper powders is added to make nabak kimchi and makes the kimchi color a rose pink unlike the white colored dongchimi.
Usually they contain some kind of leavening agent like baking powder.
It is made from vegetable oil, often soybean oil or sesame oil, although olive oil or other oils may be used.
Cooked leftovers from a roast meal can be used.
Bouillabaisse was originally a stew made by Marseille fishermen using the bony rockfish which they were unable to sell to restaurants or markets.
Pesaha pal is served along with Pesaha Appam on the night of Passover.
Huế is a city in central Vietnam associated with the cooking style of the former royal court.
Many are large, but other recipes call for a dish that is small in size and can be eaten in one or two bites.
Similar cakes are known as "War Cake," as they avoided ingredients that were scarce or were being conserved for the use of soldiers.
Made of stamp mielies with sugar beans, butter, onions, potatoes, chillies and lemons, made to simmer.
Basically a pasty tart, the distinctive taste comes from the mixture of moist sugar and a boiled lemon, minced.
They are also sometimes eaten as a substitute for chocolate and churros.
Onion rings are sometimes accompanied by condiments including ketchup, mayonnaise or other sauces.
Dry kyay oh salad is made without broth and uses sesame oil.
Typically, it contains a combination of raisins, currants, apricots, prunes, dates, and figs.
The term ragout  refers to a main-dish stew.
A bull roast is a meal where an entire bull is roasted over an open pit barbecue and then sliced up and served.
The cooking method using a bamboo container is common among several ethnicities including Malays, Minang, Minahasa, Dayak and Orang Asli tribes.
Grated coconut is often used in various chocolate confections.
The dough is made of flour, water, salt and 1/2 tea spoon of vinegar.
Salt and sugar can be added according to taste.
French onion soup is usually served as a starter.
Other variations could include a vegetarian version of the same with mushrooms instead of seafood.
Arab salad or Arabic salad, is any of a variety of salad dishes that form part of Arab cuisine.
Tom yum flavored with the paste may have different characteristics from that made with fresh herb ingredients.
It is typically topped with dried cherries, blue cheese, and a vinaigrette dressing.
The dessert is made from cottage cheese which is then soaked in chashni, a sugary syrup, and rolled in fine sugar to form grape-sized balls.
Tarasari is a ball shaped sweet food consisting of sugar.
Chipped beef is a form of pressed, salted and dried beef that has been sliced into thin pieces .
Pohay with tarri is a relished dish in the Madhya Pradesh state.
Bierocks are similar to both pirogi/pirozhki of Russian cuisine and börek of Turkish cuisine.
Focaccia can be used as a side to many meals, as a base for pizza, or as sandwich bread.
It is considered a summer stew, because that is when the maize and summer squash are harvested in central and southern Chile.
The batter is poured into a fish-shaped mould for each side.
The dough is brushed with egg yolk before baking, lending it its golden crust.
Curry beef triangle is a type of Chinese pastry.
A hedgehog slice is an uncooked flat, square or bar-shaped chocolate snack/ dessert, similar to a fudgey chocolate brownie but with alternating lighter and darker areas.
Hobak-juk or pumpkin porridge is a variety of juk made with pumpkin and glutinous rice flour.
In binomial nomenclature, the genus name forms the first part of the binomial species name for each species within the genus.
Kalakukko will keep for a long time when unopened.
If you want to eat Cao lầu, you will have to go to the second floor of the restaurant.
The dish can be garnished with chopped coriander or green onions and a sprinkling of fried shallots.
In India, this may include a variety of dry chicken preparations.
Agemochi can be purchased anywhere in Japan and is also a common home-made snack.
Pesto or, in extenso, pesto alla genovese, is a sauce originating in Genoa, the capital city of Liguria, Italy.
The flavor of the Louisiana state dish has its origin in many cultures.
This in turn comes from the Latin frῑgĕre "roast, fry" and as such is a cognate of the English "fry".
As with a BLT, toasted white bread is standard, along with iceberg lettuce, bacon, and tomatoes.
Standard packages are 34g foil wrapped sleeves with an outer multicoloured paper wrapper, and contain 16 pieces of randomly distributed flavours.
The term satsivi is also used as a generic name for a variety of poultry, fish and vegetable appetizers made with the satsivi sauce.
Its name is thought to date from 1897, when the singer was very ill and it became a staple of her diet.
The steak is sometimes colloquially referred to as the maidens' dream, because of its phallic shape.
Its sauce has a yellow-orange hue, attributable to achuete, shrimp broth, and flavor seasoned with patis and crab fat.
A popular variant involves using spaghetti as a pizza topping, under the pizza's mozzarella cheese.
Many spices may be added to enhance the flavour; some examples are allspice and ginger.
The dish does not originate from the Hortobágy National Park region of the Great Hungarian Plain and has nothing to do with Hortobágy.
If red snapper is not available, another type of rockfish may be substituted.
Sometimes mixed vegetables are included in the filling.
It is round and is cooked in a warm metal plank.
Mattha may also be smoked before serving for flavour.
The litti are traditionally baked over a cow-dung fire, but in the modern day a new fried version has been developed.
Vaca Frita is a Cuban dish consisting of fried and shredded skirt or flank steak.
Faluche is a traditional bread in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of northern France and the Tournai region of southern Belgium.
Sinuklob is a very sweet candy that is also used in making Bukayo.
In 2004 Campden and Chorleywood Food Research Association set up a research project to
It contains apricot jam and has a spongy caramelized texture.
Pies can be a variety of sizes, ranging from bite-size to ones designed for multiple servings.
Eintopf is a traditional type of German stew which can consist of a great number of ingredients.
Small amount of oil is spread over it and the griddle is cooked over heat till the rotti turns crisp.
It is similar to the snack bolu kukus.
Enduri is mostly prepared during Prathamastami and Manabasa Gurubara.
Sourdough is almost always the base because commercial yeasts are unsuitable.
While traditionally considered a restaurant-style dessert, flourless chocolate cake is also popular for gluten-free diets.
Its recipe is quite similar with another Chinese Indonesian favourite; mie goreng with exception replacing yellow wheat noodles with flat rice noodle.
It is possible that an alternate explanation for the origin of saimin comes from the historical relationship between the two Asian cultures.
It is a rustic loaf shape that can be made of any type of flour.
Pictured left is a bowl of juǎnfěn as served 2015-12-01 in Guangnan, Wenshan, Yunnan, China.
There is also another kind of nasi goreng which is made with ikan asin which is also popular across Indonesia.
It is quite similar to Sambar, another popular South Indian dish.
Neapolitan pizza is made with tomatoes and mozzarella cheese.
Munini-imo is a dish of the Ainu people of Northern Japan.
Trinxat is a food from the Pyrenees, principally Andorra and the Catalan counties of Cerdanya and Alt Urgell.
Sakuramochi is typically eaten during the spring season only, and is especially eaten on Girl's Day and in hanami settings.
In Malaysia a "dry" version is more commonly found, which is essentially stir frying the rice noodles with the same ingredients used in the Singaporean version.
This soup is also sometimes made with the tomato skin removed, and is sometimes cooked for a longer time.
'Tuile' is the French word for tile, after the shape of roof tiles that the arced baked good most often resembles.
There are many variations of the bun, it depends on how the vendor prepares it.
The principal candied peels are orange and citron; these with candied lemon peel are the usual ingredients of mixed chopped peel.
They are made from balls of choux pastry which are given a dimple, deep-fried and then soaked in syrup.
The quality of a savoury soup is determined mainly by its fragrance and umami or "xian" flavour, as well as, to a lesser extent, its mouthfeel.
Burgoo is a spicy stew, similar to Irish or Mulligan stew, often served with cornbread or corn muffins.
When the cooking is finished, salt and sliced Welsh onions are added to the diner's bowl according to taste.
The curry is named after the Piper sarmentosum leaves, one of its main ingredients, which are known as khae in northern Thailand.
A taco can be made with a variety of fillings, including beef, pork, chicken, seafood, vegetables, and cheese, allowing for great versatility and variety.
In Lebanon, for example, the typical filling would include lamb, onion, tomato, pinenuts, raisins, parsley, dill, mint, black pepper, and allspice.
Cao lầu combines various flavors in the vegetables, soy sauce and fried lard.
The Garibaldi biscuit consists of currants squashed and baked between two thin oblongs of biscuit dough—a sort of currant sandwich.
Veda bread is a malted bread sold in Northern Ireland.
It derives its name from the Italian word for eggplant, melanzane.
Margarine is an imitation butter spread used for spreading, baking, and cooking.
Alternatively, yogurt can be used as a dip.
Tartiflette was first mentioned in a book of 1705, Le Cuisinier Royal et Bourgeois written by François Massialot and his assistant cook B. Mathieu.
Klappertaart differs from the Filipino buko pie as it is a baked creamy coconut custard without the crust, and contains raisins and nuts.
The name bonbon arose from the reduplication of the word bon, meaning 'good' in French.
Wingko is sold either in the form of a large, plate-sized cake or small, paper wrapped cakes.
Pasta primavera is a dish that consists of pasta and fresh vegetables.
Sagnarelli [saɲɲaˈrɛlli] is a type of ribbon pasta.
In Korean cuisine, garak-guksu is thick wheat noodles and noodle dishes made with thick noodles.
The meat is soft and smooth-textured and usually squeezed from its casing when cooking.
Hyderabadi biryani is a form of biryani, from Hyderabad, India.
In the Netherlands, a more common tradition is to give beschuit met muisjes after the birth of a child.
Opor ayam is also a popular dish for lebaran or Eid ul-Fitr, usually eaten with ketupat and sambal goreng ati.
Updated versions of the salad sometimes change the dressing to a seasoned mayonnaise or a yogurt dressing.
It is also commonly used as an ingredient in other food products, such as pastries, doughnuts, and cookies, owing to its versatility.
Unlike tamales, they do not always have a filling.
Lángos is a Hungarian food speciality, a deep fried flatbread.
It is a street food that has become quite popular in Taiwan and can be found in night markets or mini food stalls throughout Taiwan.
It has recently surged in popularity across Southeast Asia, where various chains of franchises has opened selling the dish along with other Indonesian delicacies.
Baba ghanoush is a Levantine dish of cooked eggplant mixed with tahina, olive oil and various seasonings.
Other common flavors include cinnamon and mint.
Broccoli slaw is a variation of traditional coleslaw with shredded raw broccoli stalks substituted for cabbage.
Completo A lo Pobre: Consists of fried onion, french fries and a fried egg on top of the hot dog.
The multiple combinations of the ingredients of the completo leads to have specific names for the most typical ones, for example:
They are topped with a thick layer of chocolate fudge that derives from a German recipe, and are a cultural icon of Baltimore.
This is similar to traditional tortillas of Native American cultures.
Traditional recipes bulked them with oatmeal, which was more readily available than white flour.
Originally made by the Visitandine order of nuns in the middle ages, the financier was popularized in the nineteenth century.
Smulpaj is commonly made with apples, rhubarb, or bilberries, and served with whipped cream, vanilla sauce, or ice cream.
Stamppot is a traditional Dutch dish made from a combination of potatoes mashed with one or several vegetables or sometimes fruits.
It became a popular symbol of traditional Korean culture.
In North America, home fries are popular as a breakfast side dish.
Chocolate-covered bacon is an American dish that consists of cooked bacon with a coating of either milk chocolate or dark chocolate.
It usually comes in a 6-inch-wide, round serving and includes coconut around the edge or sometimes crushed walnuts.
So called "black licorice" is also a widespread flavour in other forms of confectionery such as jellybeans.
Pizzelle can be hard and crisp or soft and chewy depending on the ingredients and method of preparation.
Buddha's delight, often transliterated as Luóhàn zhāi, lo han jai, or lo hon jai, is a vegetarian dish well known in Chinese and Buddhist cuisine.
Torshi is often served in restaurants or it can be bought ready to eat from supermarkets.
Tlacoyos can be served as an accompaniment to soups and stews or as appetizers for celebrations.
Tonjiru or Butajiru — both literally mean pig/pork soup — is a Japanese soup made with pork and vegetables, flavoured with miso.
Huel is founded and based in Aylesbury, England.
Coddle could be considered Irish comfort food, and it is inexpensive, easy to prepare and quick to cook.
Cardamom buns are eaten along with coffee or tea.
It may now be cooked using pressure cookers and slow cookers.
Today, the pasty is the food most associated with Cornwall.
The ice cream is placed in a vacuum chamber and frozen until the water crystallizes.
References to this dry sweet is found in the Buddhist literature as palala.
If only water is necessary, then powdered milk is an ingredient of the convenience food.
Some carrot manufacturers also refer to bagged, sliced carrots as carrot chips.
International concerns over the sustainability and welfare of sharks have impacted consumption and availability of the soup.
It is baked in small molds, typically oval or barquette in shape.
It may be made in a pan, with filo layered on top and underneath and cut into square portions, or rolled into individual servings long).
It is a mix of sugar, egg yolks and hot milk, often flavoured with vanilla.
The slices, salted and peppered, are layered into a pan, generously doused with clarified butter, and baked/fried until they form a cake.
In Madawaska, Maine, the ploye have a yellow color due to the type of buckwheat used in the mixture.
Bolo de mel is a traditional cake from the Madeira Islands.
Knieperkohl is commonly served as an accompaniment to cured pork, such as Kassler, or sausages.
The modern product consists of small, thin, flexible leaves of partially dried beef, generally sold compressed together in jars or flat in plastic packets.
It is a local specialty of South Jeolla Province.
It is chewy, similar to mochi, and subtly sweet.
Sweet and deep-fried, it is made primarily of flour, yeast, and brown sugar.
Eaten with butter during breakfast, as a snack or light lunch along with a salted cup of tea.
Machas la parmesana or “Parmesan machas” is a dish made with the macha.
Garbure was the daily sustenance of Gascon peasantry.
Žlikrofi were awarded a protected geographical status in 2010, the first Slovene dish to do so.
Shchi is a Russian style cabbage soup.
Seasoning is generally done at the table according to personal taste by adding salt, ground black pepper, red pepper, minced garlic, or chopped spring onions.
The most common fillings are sugar with coconut and crumbled peanuts, red bean paste, and black sesame seed paste.
Ginger is widely used in Asian and Indian cuisine.
The original recipe added prunes during cooking, and traditionalists still garnish with a julienne of prunes.
Staghorn sumac is usually used to give fattoush its sour taste.
As it is easy to prepare, it is often favoured as a breakfast item, especially with pooris, in other parts of India.
Som moo, Naem, Mu som, or Chinsom, is a type of preserved pork sausage that is a traditional celebratory food from Vietnam.
However, sometimes boiled eggs, curried or fried meat or seafood are served as well.
It is also known as bakrdan in Macedonia.
It is typically served with crusty bread, and with Asturian cider or a red wine.
They are a butter-based pastry, traditionally hand-shaped, with egg glaze on top.
Pyeongchang's biggest local festival was called Memilbuchigi festival before it was renamed Pyeongchang Festival in 2015.
Ladyfingers are low density, dry, egg-based and sweet sponge biscuits roughly shaped like a large finger.
It is served with an assortment of shredded cabbage, carrots, and banana blossom along with bean sprouts, fresh mint, cilantro, lime, and dried red chillies.
Baghala ghatogh or baghali ghatogh is a northern Iranian dish made with baghalas, dill, and eggs.
The first one is often less than perfect.
A principal concern about sodium nitrite is the formation of carcinogenic nitrosamines in meats containing sodium nitrite when meat is charred or overcooked.
Goose is traditionally eaten at this feast over large parts of Europe, with associations to the folklore surrounding Saint Martin.
It consists of thick-sliced toasted bread, often Texas toast, a hamburger patty, French fries, and a "secret" cheese sauce.
In Spain, trenzas glaseadas are also served.
Traditionally, dried fruit is soaked in rum for months and then added to dough prepared with sugar which has been caramelized by boiling in water.
In this case they may be either dried or fresh.
Potato scones are traditionally made as circles about 6 inches across and then cut into quarters, or farls.
Bread may be leavened by processes such as reliance on naturally occurring sourdough microbes, chemicals, industrially produced yeast, or high-pressure aeration.
Peeps are marshmallow candies, sold in the United States and Canada, that are shaped into chicks, bunnies, and other animals.
Instead of the rest of nowadays France, Savoy as part of the Holy Roman Empire discovered the tubers earlier than the French.
In the city of Groningen and other cities in the countryside like Enschede there is often boerenjongens-flavoured ice cream for sale.
Additional ingredients can be added according to taste, such as cinnamon, lemon juice, sugar, ginger, curry powder, salt and pepper.
Although technically considered a pudding, the consistency of haupia closely approximates gelatin dessert and is usually served in blocks like gelatin.
Hollandaise sauce is well known as a key ingredient of Eggs Benedict, and is often paired with vegetables such as steamed asparagus.
The literal translation is "smashed bread" because it is so flat.
The precise proportions of each ingredient are unique to each take-away.
Galinhada is a stew of rice with chicken, which is a typical Brazilian dish in the states of Minas Gerais and Goiás.
The plural form is amuse-bouche or amuse-bouches.
It is from the town of Topoloveni in the Argeş County.
Kokis is a deep-fried, crispy and sweet Sri Lankan dish made from rice flour and coconut milk.
Chicken fingers are prepared by coating chicken meat in a breading mixture and then deep frying them, in a manner similar to the preparation of Schnitzel.
The meat is dipped in flour, then in egg, and then covered in breadcrumbs.
The batter is typically left to rest for fermentation prior to being steam-cooked.
Krimmel's work was first exhibited in 1811 at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts.
It may also refer to any dish using a tostada as a base.
It may also include whitefish, Reindeer tallow, moose tallow, walrus tallow, caribou tallow, or seal oil.
A praline cookie is a chocolate biscuit containing ground nuts.
It may also be soaked in cold water for an hour or so, or marinated with vinegar.
It is often cooked or served with flavorings such as sugar, honey, etc.
It was meant to be made and consumed in the hot season, from mid-March to the end of April.
A chocolate biscuit is a biscuit which is covered in chocolate, or which has been made by replacing some of the flour with cocoa powder.
Chatānmari is now widely eaten as a snack, and has become popular among other cultures too.
Pastry can also refer to the pastry dough, from which such baked products are made.
Aside from white flour, raisin bread is also made with other flours, such as all-purpose flour, oat flour, or whole wheat flour.
The word derives from Hindi cāṭ चाट, from cāṭnā चाटना, from Prakrit caṭṭei चट्टेइ.
"Aloo" means potato, and the word "tikki" means a small cutlet or croquette in Hindi, Marathi, and Tamil.
The dough is layered with butter, rolled and folded several times in succession, then rolled into a sheet, in a technique called laminating.
Khobz Mbesses is an Algerian cake usually made with semolina or farina.
Gummy bears are small, fruit gum candies, similar to a jelly baby in some English-speaking countries.
The use of tomato sauce with pasta appears for the first time in the Italian cookbook L'Apicio moderno, by Roman chef Francesco Leonardi, edited in 1790.
In the cuisine of the United States, one example of steamed bread is Boston brown bread, a sweet food which may be eaten as a dessert.
While tokoroten can be made from kanten based on seaweeds such as tengusa and ogonori, today commercially produced kanten is mostly made from ogonori.
Keema is also sometimes used as a filling for samosas or naan.
Jiuniang is a sweet, soup- or pudding-like dish in Chinese cuisine.
Jaggery can sometimes be used as an alternative to sugar.
Most dried pasta is commercially produced via an extrusion process although it can be produced in most homes.
Qottab is an almond-filled deep-fried Iranian cuisine pastry or cake, prepared with flour, almonds, powdered sugar, vegetable oil, and cardamom.
They are smoky in flavor, and can be soft or very dry in texture depending on freshness.
It is a speciality of Naples, as its name indicates.
Some recipes improve the quality of the crust by baking the bread in a Dutch oven or other covered vessel.
Some of them may have entered English via Russian, Polish, or Yiddish, among others.
It is made from unpasteurized colostrum milk, the first milk produced by a cow after giving birth.
Spaghetti aglio e olio is a traditional Italian pasta dish coming from Naples.
Amingad town in Bagalkot district Karnataka is also famous for the karadantu produced in its sweet shops.
It is a traditional cookie usually baked for Christmas Day and is widely available in chocolate shops around Frankfurt.
The Hakka initially made the noodle by shaving off a dough, whilst the Hokkien would roll the dough into a flat piece then hand-tear into bite-size.
It is very popular throughout South Asia and Central Asia.
A crostata is an Italian baked tart or pie, also known as coppi in Naples and sfogliate in Lombardy.
The 1997 Financial Crisis in Asia, which started in Thailand, is sometimes referred to as the "Tom Yam Kung Crisis".
Paksiw na isda is fish poached in a vinegar broth usually seasoned with fish sauce and spiced with siling mahaba.
In recognition of its cultural significance, in 2001 the frog cake was listed as a South Australian Heritage Icon by the National Trust of South Australia.
Tấm refers to the broken rice grains, while cơm refers to cooked rice.
The cooking method is quite simple, but what is often debated is the wrapping.
It is also called kajjaaya in Kannada and Anarsa in Marathi.
The broth is traditionally served with a rouille, a mayonnaise made of olive oil, garlic, saffron, and cayenne pepper on grilled slices of bread.
They are usually dipped in vinegar or sukang pinakurat.
The Mid-Autumn Festival is one of the four most important Chinese festivals.
The name persisted through the Austro-Hungarian Empire, eventually becoming standardized in Viennese cookbooks as a refined, rich cake, flavored with rosewater and almond.
The Dutch letter has a porous or airy and flaky texture.
The tripe is often cleaned several times in a lemon-juice brine, after which it is cooked for a long time until the meat is tender.
Formerly Øllebrød could be accompanying all three meals throughout the day, but is now mostly eaten for breakfast only.
Chapati is made of whole wheat flour known as Atta, salt and water, and is cooked on a tava.
White pudding or oatmeal pudding is a meat dish popular in Ireland, Scotland, Northumberland, Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland.
In Malayalam, unni means small and appam means rice cake.
Horumonyaki is a kind of Japanese cuisine made from beef or pork offal.
It is similar to a custard pie that is spiced with cinnamon and cloves.
Flattened rice can be viewed as a convenience food and is very similar to bread in usage.
It is made from ordinary non-glutinous rice.
The meat filling is uncooked when the khinkali is assembled, so, when it is cooked, the juices of the meat are trapped inside the dumpling.
Spaghetti is the usual pasta; however, fettuccine, rigatoni, linguine, or bucatini can also be used.
It has many variants, and is considered a gourmet dessert.
They were first introduced in 1998, and were marketed using the Lay's, Ruffles, Doritos, and Tostitos brands.
It is an antojito which at first sight looks like an unusually thick tortilla with vegetables and meat toppings.
It is a frozen cookie made from a layer of buttercream sandwiched between two cashew-meringue wafers coated with cookie crumbs.
The cheeses included also vary significantly between regions and backgrounds, and include hard and soft cheeses.
Museum Kimchikan, formerly Kimchi Museum, is a museum dedicated to kimchi; one of the staples of Korean cuisine.
Pită de Pecica is a Romanian round bread, roasted directly on hearth, specific from the town of Pecica in Arad County.
Traditionally the pastry is eaten as whole.
An upside-down cake is a cake that is baked in a single pan, then turned over and served upside-down.
Keebler manufactures a similar cookie known as a Grasshopper.
It is a one-dish soup meal made of egg noodles and curried beef or chicken with coconut milk, served with a variety of contrasting condiments.
In Finland, Voileipäkakku is a standard dish at family gatherings such as birthday parties, weddings, or funerals.
It consists of a stew of tomato, onion, garlic, red pepper and rabbit, thickened with cake flour.
Hungarian-Americans and Hungarian-Canadians brought the soup to North America.
The gulai sauces commonly have a thick consistency with yellowish color because of the addition of ground turmeric.
It is also eaten in Nepal and in the North Indian regions of Haryana and Uttar Pradesh.
Other cheeses are used in place of Tomme, including Mozzarella and Cantal.
Kimchi is almost always served at every meal.
The following century, it had evolved to mean "meat stew", and later still it became used to refer to prepared food.
The name was originally a commercial product name but is now used to describe all such ice cream treats, whoever makes them.
Gourmet varieties will have a more prominent fruit-flavoring added.
Cheese slaw is a salad and side dish consisting of cheddar cheese, carrot, mayonnaise, and sometimes cabbage.
In Russian and Ukrainian, bublik is often used as a generic designation for any ring-shaped product of this class.
In Guatemala and Mexico, there are three colors of maize dough for making tortillas: white maize, yellow maize and blue maize.
A cream tea is a form of afternoon tea light meal, consisting of tea taken with a combination of scones, clotted cream, and jam.
Pate acha also called pete acha, tere, gote or gwete is a Nigerian dish from the northern part of Nigeria.
Ekmek kadayıfı, ekmek kataif, ekmek kataifi is a bread pudding dessert popular in the cuisines of the former Ottoman Empire.
A cordial is a type of confection in which a fruit filling is placed within a chocolate shell.
The spice cookies were central to the occasion, but many families also made a sugar cookie which was made with butter and flavored heavily with nutmeg.
A batter consisting of maida flour, rice powder, turmeric and salt is made by adding water carefully to prevent lump formation.
These types of wafer cones are often branded as "cups".
Kuluban is a traditional salad of Central Java.
In Shanghainese, they are also sometimes known as sioh-lon meu-doe or xiaolong-style mantous.
In modern versions, it is previously cooked, then peeled and mixed with scrambled eggs and served on bread or toast as a starter.
It may be enriched with eggs, beef broth, and grated cheese.
These spices are similar to those seen in stuffed mushrooms.
Other types of batters can also be used, and various toppings and flavorings are used for different types, such as sugar, chocolate, or maple glazing.
This product is consumed as a snack and is not part of the daily family diet.
It is thin and crisp, usually in the form of a dish half a meter wide.
Cardamom bread or pulla is a type of bread flavored with cardamom.
It is also made in modern-day Bangladesh.
Typically there is a round hole of about 7.5mm in the centre of the top crust.
Also known as a "raspberry bun", they have many variations in size and shape, and are sometimes coated in sprinkles or coconut.
The bonfire should be gradually burned so far down that there are only glowing pieces of wood left, with almost no flames.
Puli in Pulihora can be translated as "sour taste" referring to the characterizing use of tamarind as one of the main ingredients.
Some recipes use kecap manis to coat the fish after being fried.
Fruit sours is a confectionery that is normally sold in bulk.
This leads many to believe that the croissant is simply a descendant of one of these two.
The noodles differ from mifen and cellophane noodles in that those varieties are made from rice and mung beans, respectively.
Often ground into powder and mixed with water to create soup.
Khanom chin noodle is white and easy to make.
It may also contain other vegetables like bean sprouts, garlic chives, coriander leaves, pickled radishes or turnips, and raw banana flowers.
Similar dishes cooked on a vertical rotisserie are the Arab shawarma, Greek gyros, and Mexican al pastor.
Sorshe Ilish is a Bengali dish made from hilsa or Tenualosa ilisha, a type of herring, cooked in mustard gravy.
It is sweet and has a soft, gelatin-like texture but is white in color rather than translucent like gelatin.
In Barbados, conkies were once associated with the old British colonial celebration of Guy Fawkes Day on November 5.
Chalbori-ppang, first made and sold in 2003 at a bakery named Danseokga in Gyeongju, North Gyeongsang Province, is now a local specialty.
Inipit, which in Filipino means "pressed", is a flat pastry made of flour, milk, lard, and sugar.
The German word "Butterbrot" describes a slice of bread topped with butter.
In some traditions, other types of fillings and decoration are used, such as cinnamon, marzapan, or candied fruit.
Tokoroten is a dish in Japanese cuisine made from agarophytes.
Concerns have been raised about the hygienic standards of processing and safety of roadside Suya.
Cornbread is a generic name for any number of quick breads containing cornmeal.
The snack is commonly found in traditional marketplaces and Warung in Indonesia, especially in Java, Bali and other regions.
Crocchè are typically a Southern Italian street food, ubiquitous at friggitorie, the Italian equivalent of "fish and chips".
A Denver sandwich, also known as a Western sandwich, consists of a Denver omelette, sandwiched between two pieces of bread.
Pumpernickel is a typically heavy, slightly sweet rye bread traditionally made with sourdough starter and coarsely ground rye.
Nettle soup is eaten mainly during spring and early summer, when young nettle buds are collected.
It is described as "stewed brown meat".
Viili or filbunke is a a mesophilic fermented milk product found in Finland that originated in Scandinavia.
Proponents of this theory include brandy or sherry in the sauce.
Parasites and enteropathogenic bacteria have been found in samples of naem.
Anise candies were first made by the Benedictine monks of the abbey of Flavigny, as reported by the Roman traveller Flavius.
It reached a peak of number 23 on 6 January, equalling the peak of previous single "Mouthwash".
Originally made with walnuts, but also with almonds or hazelnuts.
It contains manjar blanco filling and either dried fruits or nuts.
Rabbit, lamb, or other types of meat are also sometimes used and, alternatively, vegetarian versions can be made during fasting periods.
Felis catus and Felis silvestris are two species within the genus Felis.
Bún riêu cua is served with tomato broth and topped with freshwater crab .
Bruschetta is an antipasto from Italy consisting of grilled bread rubbed with garlic and topped with olive oil and salt.
Mango pudding is a dessert of Indian origin usually served cold.
Another recipe for breadsticks, called rosquilletas, exists in Comunitat Valenciana.
Dal may be cooked with onion, garlic, ginger, chili, tomatoes, or tamarind, in addition to lentils or beans.
The lighter areas are crushed biscuit, rice puffs, or similar.
The dish also appeared on Globe Trekker with Neil Gibson as host.
The term itself may cover as many distinct desserts as its English counterpart "cake".
Hanukkah gelt refers to money as well as chocolate coins given to Jewish children on the festival of Hanukkah.
Ruisreikäleipä is a kind of Finnish bread, a flat rye flour loaf with a hole in the middle.
Arroz con gandules is part of Puerto Rico's national dishes along with pernil.
The Garfagnana mountain range is in the Tuscan province of Lucca.
Stuffed eggplants are a dish typical of many countries.
A popular biscuit in New Zealand is also called a Shrewsbury biscuit, this is similar to a Jammie Dodger in the UK.
The dish has a unique versatility in that any leftovers are cooked, creating a different dish.
Birria(Spanish: [ˈbirja]) is a Mexican dish from the state of Jalisco.
The sauce is also a popular accompaniment to all types of game.
The consistency and taste of thin bread can vary a lot.
Gurbani tells us that there are "no others", "there is only One".
Pancakes serve a similar function to waffles.
In the Netherlands, tutti-frutti is a compote of dried fruits, served as a dessert or a side dish to a meat course.
There is a similar dish in eastern Indonesia called papeda.
Tokwa’t baboy is a typical Philippine appetizer.
The purée is served cold and may be garnished with diced Spanish serrano ham and diced hard-boiled eggs.
After an outer layer of thin skin is removed, most of the edible tissue on the feet consists of skin and tendons, with no muscle.
It is essentially a sandwich composed of a tamal placed inside a bolillo or telera, which is a rounder version of a bolillo.
A sweet roll or sweet bun refers to any of a number of sweet, baked, yeast-leavened breakfast or dessert foods.
However, it also may be distinguished from jam by the choice of fruit.
A crab puff is a ball of crab meat that has been deep-fried in batter.
All ingredients are finely chopped and mixed with the grated meat of the coconut.
Nonnevot is a Limburgian pastry dating back to the 17th century.
In Southeast Asia, similarly constructed Indonesian, Malaysian, and Singaporean nasi goreng and Thai khao phat are popular dishes.
At its place of origin, Manado, tinutuan usually served with cakalang fufu, shrimp paste or smoked garfish sambal, or meatballs.
It is made in many cultures with equally varying styles, and may be produced in a variety of ways.
Some cooks re-season the point at this time.
If dough is used, the sausage is usually crumbled or cut, and is baked, along with the cheese inside a long piece of rolled pizza dough.
Acıbadem kurabiyesi is a traditional Turkish biscuit made of almonds, sugar and egg whites.
The dish employs a technique known as smothering, a popular method of cooking in the Cajun areas of southwest Louisiana.
Confusingly enough, the Thai name indicates that ginger is used in this dish, which in fact is not the case.
Lou mei originates in Southern China, is a core part of Teochew cuisine, and is widely available in China and Taiwan with many regional varieties.
It is popular in Hyderabadi cuisine, served at weddings and parties.
Crackling bread is a dish from the Southern United States which consists of cracklings baked into a type of cornbread.
Because he knows the within every one of us resides the same One God – the Sikh should realise that he is "one with the rest".
Maple bars are prominent on the West coast of the United States.
The word palaver comes from the Portuguese language and means a talk, lengthy debate or quarrel.
The process creates a sweet flavored, crunchy snack food or treat.
It is also traditionally eaten during the Duanwu Festival.
Using raw leafy vegetables instead of cooking them with the potatoes has not been dated to earlier than 1940.
Rigatoni [riɡaˈtoːni] are a form of tube-shaped pasta of varying lengths and diameters.
The tart is extremely sweet and is, for many people, associated with school dinners.
Groats are whole grains that include the cereal germ and fiber-rich bran portion of the grain, as well as the endosperm.
It is a popular and common street food in Istanbul, Turkey.
Lacto-ovo vegetarian versions may use chopped omelette alongside or in lieu of extra firm tofu or edamame.
Silesian doughnuts are traditional doughnuts throughout Germany as well as Silesia.
However, the most popular rujak variant is rujak buah, which is mixed sliced fruit and vegetables served with spicy palm sugar dressing.
The dish is usually served cold or at room temperature with peanut sauce-based dishes such as gado-gado, karedok, ketoprak, other traditional salads, and satay.
Pancetta is an Italian bacon made of pork belly meat, that is salt cured and spiced with black pepper, and sometimes other spices.
However is known to be founded around the Giuliani areas of Trieste and Venice.
Frank 'n Stuff's eponymous mascot was a friendly Frankenstein type of character and Hormel ran frequent television and print advertisements featuring him.
In Hungary, the original almonds have been entirely replaced by walnuts.
Other common toppings include tempura, often prawn or kakiage, or aburaage, a type of deep-fried tofu pockets seasoned with sugar, mirin, and soy sauce.
This is usually done several hours before serving, as extensive soaking of the fruit may thicken the clear liquid to a murky appearance.
Frikadeller are flat, pan-fried meatballs of minced meat, often likened to the Danish version of meatballs.
The ashes are then blown and patted off the finished loaf.
Primarily at breakfast they are an accompaniement served with cheese.
Spaghetti is a long, thin, cylindrical, solid pasta.
It consists essentially of the proventriculus of a chicken, dipped in cornstarch, and deep-fried.
It is usually served garnished with sesame seeds and slivers of chili.
A mendiant is a traditional French confection composed of a chocolate disk studded with nuts and dried fruits representing the four mendicant or monastic orders.
They are cooked by steaming or boiling.
A notable example lies in the preparation of bakkwa, where the meat once still being air-dried is instead grilled over charcoal.
It is usually served with rice pilaf or yogurt with garlic, grilled vegetables, and melted butter.
It is eaten most frequently for breakfast or dinner.
The traditional method involves serving freshly prepared cubes of lamb, chicken, or beef on soft Italian bread, and occasionally drizzled with fresh marinade.
It is kind of a pudding and similar to Bread pudding and Bread and butter pudding.
Lady Grey differs from Earl Grey in that it contains additional lemon peel and orange peel.
The meat is usually marinated for days, in the case of big cuts up to a week.
Instead of a raising agent, it employs high moisture content to create steam during cooking to puff the pastry.
Traditionally, the cassava is grated and placed in a press bag and placed in an outdoor press where heavy stones are loaded on.
Pepes is an Indonesian cooking method using banana leaf as food wrappings.
Sambal is an Indonesian loan-word of Javanese origin.
She suggests that the recipe was created to help promote the banana industry.
It was first served in the hotel's restaurant, The Mayfair Room, the first five-star restaurant in Missouri, which featured Elizabethan-inspired decor.
It proved very popular in Texas, selling 10,000 cups in the first two weeks.
Kyselo is a soup based on sourdough and mushrooms.
In some Montreal establishments, bagels are still produced by hand and baked in full view of the patrons.
The soup is traditionally based on a large winter squash that resembles a pumpkin.
In the North East of England, they are called fly cakes or fly pie.
Rag pudding is similar in composition and preparation to steak and kidney pudding, and may be purchased from traditional local butcher's shops in South East Lancashire.
They are a tradition in Britain and former British colonies including Jamaica, Australia, Singapore, and India.
This results in the formation of a crust of scorched rice on the bottom of the wok or cooking vessel.
The dessert is also found in Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Macau and is often served as dim sum in Chinese restaurants.
It is a very light yet healthy dish.
While the Hefezopf is a loaf consisting only of a braid, the Hefekranz' braid is bent into a wreath.
They are similar in ingredients and flavor to saltine crackers.
It is typically served with butter and truffles or meat roast sauce.
It may be flavoured with prickly pear fruit.
Combos, officially called Combos Baked Snacks, are cylindrical tubes of cracker, pretzel, or tortilla, available with various fillings.
The word Ἀντίδωρον means "instead of gifts".
The cemita is a torta originally from Puebla, Mexico.
The Koththu Fest is an annual Sri Lankan food festival held at Albert Campbell Square in Scarborough, Toronto with chefs serving various types of Kothu.
In Moroccan cuisine, Ahriche is a dish eaten by the tribes of Zayanes and Khénifra.
Prepared stamppot can be purchased from shops and supermarkets.
On the other hand, overmixing results in long gluten strands that toughen the pastry.
The custard filling is related to the French crème patissière which is a key component of various French cakes and tarts.
A corn burrito is a Mexican-style dish consisting of a small rolled-up corn tortilla filled with refried beans.
In modern time, synthetic chemicals are also used as a souring/fermenting agent, especially in southern Vietnam.
Tauco, Taucu, Taotjo or Tauchu is a paste made from preserved fermented yellow soybeans in Chinese Indonesian and Malaysian cuisines.
So, on to the recipe from year 1682:
It may also be cured, smoked, and thinly sliced to make beef bacon.
It is one of the standard pastries in Hong Kong.
Chicken fried steak is an American breaded cutlet dish consisting of a piece of steak coated with seasoned flour and pan-fried.
When one uses plain gelatin instead of sweetened gelatin, then the use of vegetables becomes more common, such as in tomato aspic.
Several variations on bara brith have been made, including changing it into a chocolate and into ice-cream.
The mixture of flour is not fixed at certain ingredients, leading to several transformation like using Artemisia princeps for ssuk milmyeon.
The can contains seasoned tomato sauce that is added to ground beef cooked in a skillet.
Minties is a brand of confectionery originating in Australia and manufactured in both Australia and New Zealand for their respective markets.
The tuna fish sandwich has been called "the mainstay of almost everyone's American childhood," and "the staple of the snatched office lunch for a generation."
Khao soi or khao soy is a Burmese-influenced dish served widely in northern Laos and northern Thailand.
If the peanut butter is not spread on each slice of bread, the sandwich will become soggy if it is left too long to sit.
Individual pieces of tagliatelle are long, flat ribbons that are similar in shape to fettuccine and are typically about 6.5 mm to 10 mm wide.
Chilaquiles can be served with refried beans, eggs, beef and guacamole as side dish.
Arroz a la cubana or arroz cubano is a dish mostly eaten in many Spanish-speaking countries.
Other optional ingredients can also be added, such as nuts.
The hot dog's cultural traditions include the Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest and the Oscar Mayer Wienermobile.
After frying, the chicken is usually hand-painted with sauce using a brush in order to evenly coat the chicken with a thin layer.
Zelnik is similar to a dish popular in Turkey and Central Asia, called yeşil börek Börek.
Shepherd's pie or cottage pie is a meat pie with a topping of mashed potato, not pastry.
In recent times, it has become increasingly hard to find in the Philippines.
However pecel has been strongly associated with Javanese cuisine, while gado-gado is usually associated with Betawi and Sundanese cuisine.
A potée is an ancient and popular dish which is found in many local variations throughout Europe and which bears many different names.
Rosół  listen  is a traditional Polish meat broth.
One of the characteristic foods of Minangkabau culture, it is served at ceremonial occasions and to honour guests.
1896 - Agrepina Dagondon Gultiano was born.
It is part of the cuisine of Spain and many South American countries, especially those in the area of the Rio de la Plata.
After the hot water is added, the drip filter releases drops of hot coffee slowly into a cup.
The products were designed to add product that would appeal to families and customers looking for a "higher class" meal found in family style restaurants.
The name is an Italianisation of the Sloppy Joe, a type of meat sauce often served on a hamburger bun.
During the Jewish holiday of Passover, when dietary laws pertaining to grains are observed, "matzah farfel" takes the place of the egg noodle version.
The categories of 'tart', 'flan', 'quiche', and 'pie' overlap, with no sharp distinctions.
A recipe for a meat sauce for pasta that is specifically described as being "bolognese" appeared in Pellegrino Artusi's cookbook of 1891.
Krob khem is a Thai snack and it is like khrongkhraeng but softer.
Ndolé is a Cameroonian dish consisting of stewed nuts, ndoleh, and fish or beef.
It was created to serve as an alternative to ham and egg late-night suppers.
It is a staple of African cuisine but is also eaten in East Asia, the United States and other areas around the world.
During mixing, a reaction between the condensed milk and the acidic lime juice occurs that causes the filling to thicken on its own without requiring baking.
It is prepared in common ovens between midnight and dawn to be sold fresh and crunchy by vendors in the morning.
Semperit is made of wheat flour, corn flour, custard powder, sugar and margarine.
In Nordic countries, most notably Sweden, Denmark and Iceland, chokladboll or kokosbollar are chocolate balls covered in coconut.
Chess pie is a dessert characteristic of Southern U.S. cuisine.
During the hot summer months, kakigōri is sold virtually everywhere in Japan.
A soda fountain version with sponge cake and ice cream was featured in a 1922 edition of The Soda fountain newsletter.
This is combined with onion, salt, pepper and suet, then stewed, baked or roasted with optional flavourings according to the meat used.
Arare is also called kakimochi or mochi crunch in Hawaii where it was introduced in the 1900s.
They may be ball-shaped, curly, straight, or irregularly shaped.
Khakhra is a thin cracker common in the Gujarati and Rajasthani cuisines of western India, especially among Jains.
Pīrāgi range from 5 centimetres in length to 13 centimetres, depending on if they are intended as a snack or a more substantial meal.
It is traditionally prepared in xiaolong, small bamboo steaming baskets, which give them their name.
The gravy is made from a rempah spice paste, tamarind and taucheo.
Many recipes call for kibbe nayyeh as the "shell" for cooked kibbe, as well.
Once enough cookies are formed, a batch is fried, cooled, and finally coated with a sugar glaze.
Nudossi contains 36% hazelnuts in comparison to Nutella which contains 13% hazelnuts.
The nonnevot is prepared through deep-frying a mixture of flour, yeast, milk, salt, butter, brown sugar, and lard.
Although it is rumored that they were created in the 1960s by an industrial designer, their invention was actually between the First and Second World War.
Mie means noodle made of flour, salt and egg, while soto refer to Indonesian soup.
Keiller's marmalade, is named after its creator Janet Keiller, and is believed to have been the first commercial brand of marmalade, originating in Dundee, Scotland.
The popularity of hot chicken has spread beyond the Southern United States due to the influence of Nashville's music industry.
For this reason, unlike other areas, the sekihan of Hokkaidō is a little sweet.
In Indonesia this kind of nasi goreng is often called nasi goreng amplop, since the nasi goreng is enveloped within a pocket of thin omelette.
In the United States, often a lattice-style upper crust is used.
Some call it 'Devon Pie', believing it to be an English country recipe originating from Devon.
In Georgia the most popular is Rachuli Lobiani, like a Khachapuri, but with bean and bacon.
Saray helva is a popular Turkish dessert.
This delicacy is most often served as an appetizer.
Kristang cuisine blends the cuisines of Southeast Asia with a western-style cuisine inherited from Portuguese colonial rulers.
The popular Indian subcontinental dish of Biryani as well as the Afghan dish of Biryan use Gosht as a primary ingredient.
The fish used traditionally for stuffing gulha was commonly Maldive fish but nowadays many Maldivians use canned tuna.
These are always small cubical pieces often brightly colored.
Most common perkedel are made from mashed potatoes, yet there are other popular variants which includes perkedel jagung and perkedel tahu and perkedel ikan.
Other ingredients, such as chicken, turkey, and dried fruit are sometimes added.
Murukku is popular all over India, and also in other countries where Tamil diaspora is present: Sri Lanka, Singapore and Malaysia.
Umaibō or "delicious stick" is a small, puffed, cylindrical corn snack from Japan.
It is a combination of finely chopped beef or chicken and root vegetables, folded in mayonnaise and finished with murături, pickled vegetable garnishes.
The major ingredient in vegetarian tikkas is potato.
Afelia is a traditional Cypriot pork dish.
It originates from Kendal in Cumbria, England.
YoCrunch is currently sold across the United States in six-ounce cups and 4-ounce multipacks.
It is also available and popular in the small historical town of Ipoh in Malaysia.
Usual ingredients for nam phrik are fresh or dry chilies, garlic, shallots, lime juice and often some kind of fish or shrimp paste.
Chilli crab is a Malaysian / Singaporean seafood dish.
There are many varieties; it is typically made with meat, seafood or vegetables in a broth seasoned with gochujang, doenjang, ganjang or saeujeot.
The slightly tart taste of a salad, which is usually achieved by using a vinaigrette is instead provided by the orange slices themselves.
fish - ហហ្មុកត្រី [haː mok trəj] in Khmer; ຫມົກປາ [mók paː] in Laotian; ห่อหมกปลา [hɔ̀ː mòk plaː] in Thai
The dough, after resting, is filled with an almond paste log which is placed in the middle of the cake.
This is known as the pithi, and is mixed with an equal amount of sugar.
Many have raised concerns over Spam's nutritional attributes, in large part due to its high content of fat, sodium, and preservatives.
A beef on weck is a sandwich found primarily in Western New York.
The dough is then rolled out with rolling pins, and circles are cut out by pressing a plate or jar top onto the dough.
It has become a popular food in Indian restaurants in Scotland, and is also available in prepared form in supermarkets.
Food physical chemistry is essential for improving the quality of foods, their stability and food product development.
The earliest known version dates from 1824, predating baking powder, and therefore uses grated bread and shredded suet.
A lady's navel or woman's navel is type of sweet pastry from Turkey.
A 1932 recipe in Miranda's Cook Book calls for custard filling and chocolate and white icing.
Phoenicia dessert is a type of Lebanese cookie.
In 1936 the Sunderland Daily Echo reported that chine was a traditional dish served on Trinity Sunday in Old Clee, north-east Lincolnshire.
The single patty version debuted in October 2009 with a suggested price of $3.99 and contained 640 calories.
Blintzes are apparently an offshoot of blini.
Other spirits are sometimes used, such as rum, which is common in Austrian recipes.
Samanu, Samanak, Sumalak or Sümölök is a sweet paste made entirely from germinated wheat, which is prepared especially for Nowruz in a large pot.
They were originally created by Margarita “Titay” T. Frasco in 1907 in Liloan, Cebu.
They most likely originated from cookies made by Japanese immigrants to the United States in the late 19th or early 20th century.
It is neither a round nor flat bread but looks somewhat like a small deflated soccer ball.
It is similar in shape to the Mexican gordita and the Salvadoran pupusa.
In the bakeries of Chinatown, San Francisco, it is commonly referred to as "sponge cake."
Local variations may replace yogurt with water and vinegar, omit nuts or dill, or add bread.
Currently Rademaker Hopjes wrappers display the phrase "Alleen Echt Met Dit Merk" instead.
In Anfu, there is a special company producing it.
It usually uses filo pastry and is served as a snack or as a hors d'œuvre.
gari: esophagushaatsu: hearthaatsumoto: pulmonary arterykobukuro: uterusoppai: mammarysagari: diaphragmshibire: pancreasshiro: intestineteppō: rectum
Then it is brushed with egg and baked in the oven.
It is a common appetizer in Australian and American Chinese cuisine.
Allsorts are produced by many companies around the world today.
Traditionally, it was staple food for travelers or farmers in Kelantan to bring to work.
Vetkoek is commonly sold at family owned take away restaurants and Afrikaans festivals and cultural events.
A traditional dish from New Orleans, it is listed on the Ark of Taste.
This liquor is usually homemade and prepared by traditional methods.
Ram Gopal Pal, better known as Gopal Pal, first prepared this sweetmeat in 1824.
The main ingredient, broken rice, is a traditionally cheaper grade of rice produced by damage in milling.
Some are even shaped as animals or other objects.
Farfalle are a type of pasta/noodle commonly known as bow-tie pasta.
It was created by Balkans people, a Turkish immigrant who came from Balkans to İnegöl in the late 19th century.
Happy Cake is a tropical cake made in Hawaii.
It is usually flavored with onion, black pepper, and marjoram.
Recently it has been very difficult to obtain, but recipe books still champion and enhance the basic recipe.
The city also hosts an annual kalakukko baking contest.
The way the buns were baked allows them to more or less be pulled off as individual servings, although it is often a futile effort.
Nasi tumpang is rice dish that origin from Kelantan, Malaysia.
This dish is probably ras malai's predecessor.
This milling process can give white flour a longer shelf life by removing the natural oils from the whole grain.
Creme de papaya is a Brazilian dessert.
Fresh baked muffins are sold by bakeries, donut shops and some fast food restaurants and coffeehouses.
It is coarsely ground wheat crushed and cooked with gheeclarified butter and sugar.
It has been described as "smokier and more assertive than American chowder, heartier than classical French bisque."
Tequeños can be made with different varieties of cheese, although salty white cheeses are the most popular.
When eaten as plain rice congee, it is most often served with side dishes.
It was the best-selling brand of brown sauce in the UK in 2005, with 73.8% of the retail market.
It is made by tightly wrapping a piece of youtiao with glutinous rice.
Originally supplì were sold at friggitorie, typical Roman shops where fried food was sold.
It has been spread throughout the rest of the country, most notably in Beijing, Tianjin, Jinan, and Jilin, where it is a popular street food.
It is never cooked sliced unlike other sausages since its dough like content would pour out of the skin during cooking.
Ashure is one of the limited set of Turkish desserts which contain no animal products.
Tatar cuisine has similar flour-honey sweet sawdust talqysh-kalava.
Its name literally means "horseback-riding steak", as an allusion to the appearance that the fried eggs are "riding" the steak.
Bottarga is usually much more expensive than cod's roe.
It can be prepared as a casserole dish, and is usually served with bread or rice.
It has cousins in the many Indian milk-based sweets like pera and the milk fudge burfi, and in the opera fudge of the United States.
The French name most likely originated as an adaptation of sea-pie.
Zerde differs from rice pudding insofar as it is prepared with water instead of milk.
It is typically served on prepared meats such as frikandel, or on French fries.
It can be baked in a sealed pan, which prevents crust from forming.
Shambali or Damascus honey), is a semolina cake very similar to revani.
The pitha bears some similarities with modak of Maharashtra and Kozhakkattai of South India.
Fischbrötchen are commonly served at fast food stands or take-out restaurants.
It is a specialty of the Levant and Turkey.
The dough is traditionally fried in linseed oil into small pancakes.
Tostada is a Spanish word meaning "toasted".
It was set up in 1990 to provide assurance to industry and consumers that animals produced for the food chain met certain standards.
Hae mee is a noodle soup dish popular in Malaysia and Singapore.
It is traditionally sold either in long bars or small slices.
The soft, smooth texture is a deciding factor in determining a good rillette dish.
Chowder is usually cooked outside in large black kettles or cauldrons, ranging in size from 20 to 70 gallons.
The term queso fundido also refers to processed cheese and is defined as such in the Spanish version of Codex Alimentarius.
Purée Mongole, also called Cream Mongole, is a creamed split pea-tomato soup of unknown origin; a recipe for it was printed in 1889.
Imagawayaki began to be sold near the Kanda Imagawabashi bridge during An'ei years in the Edo period.
Angel Delight contains no gelatin and is thus suitable for vegetarians.
Lazarákia are small, sweet spice breads made by Greek Orthodox Christians on Lazarus Saturday, the Saturday that begins Holy Week.
The clear and hearty soup is made by slowly simmering galbi in water for a long time and is eaten as a meal.
A croline is a flaky pastry parcel filled with various salty or spicy fillings.
Falafel or felafel is a deep-fried ball, doughnut or patty made from ground chickpeas, fava beans, or both.
Other spices may be included such as Sichuan pepper, garlic, or paprika.
The main ingredient of this dish is steamed and mashed plantain, which is a staple in Kerala, India.
Because southern varieties of mandarin rolls are slightly sweet, they can be eaten plain.
This way Chhundo and other pickles are available for consumption throughout the year.
Cream, vanilla, fruit, spices or artificial flavouring is often added.
Beurre monté may refer either to the melted butter sauce itself, or to the method of making it.
They contrast to thick wheat noodles, called udon.
Tsampa or Tsamba is a Tibetan and Himalayan Nepalese staple foodstuff, particularly prominent in the central part of the region.
It is intended to be a quick light dish, rather than a dish in a heavy sauce.
It is often eaten with Pickle or tea.
This dish is majorly prepared on "Gatari" and "Dev Diwali" in Raigad, Ratnagiri and Sindhudurg districts of Konkan.
Another technique adds modified whey to better approximate the composition of mare's milk.
In old Russian cookbooks it was called simply green soup.
It is often considered the archetypical East German fast food, but until German reunification, it was actually rarely seen outside the Berlin city center.
The savory fillings are usually beef, but sometimes chicken or ham and cheese are used.
It is made of a mixture of pig's blood, pork offal, and buckwheat kasza stuffed in a pig intestine.
Shrewsbury cakes can be small in size for serving several at a time, or large for serving as a dessert in themselves.
The ingredients typically include green apples, minced meat, rice, onion, tomato paste, parsley, mint, cinnamon, salt, black pepper, and vegetable oil.
Potato salad is a dish made from boiled potatoes and a variety of other ingredients.
Moreover, under the name Canistrelli, they are also typical of Corsica.
Malidzano is usually served as an appetizer with a side of bread for dipping.
ZO,O, Kozuski Parcel, a division of Mars Incorporated.
The variety of sugarcane used is called in Japanese "chikutoh."
Peanut butter cups are one of the most popular kinds of candy confection in America.
The introduction of zakuski into Russian cuisine is usually attributed to Peter the Great who brought many cultural elements from Northern Europe to Russia.
Kakinada khaja is a sweet delicacy of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Furthermore, it closely resembles an English Trifle in that it is assembled in layers and includes custard, fruit, sponge cake, and whipped cream.
It is usually of white or rose color.
There are several varieties of bún riêu, including bún riêu cua, bún riêu cá, and bún riêu ốc..
Taucu is generally used in cooking by Chinese Malaysian, Singaporean and Bruneian.
However, many manufacturers now describe their products as candy sticks, bubble gum, or simply candy.
The dried krotekaker can be made in quantity and stored without refrigeration for extended periods of time.
A grade of the sugar called "awa wasanbon toh" is considered by some people to be the highest grade.
When the beans are outside the pod, the term mukimame is sometimes used.
Laddus are made of flour, minced dough and sugar with other ingredients that vary by recipe.
In Turkey, kesme is known as "erişte", and eaten generally in winter.
It is an ideal cut to use for beef bourguignon.
Sikhae is made in the east coast regions of Korea, namely Gwanbuk, Gwandong, and Yeongnam.
Figgy duff is a traditional bag pudding from the province of Newfoundland and Labrador most commonly served as a part of a Jiggs dinner.
Mămăligă is a porridge made out of yellow maize flour, traditional in Romania, Moldova, and Western Ukraine.
Coddle is particularly associated with the capital of Ireland, Dublin.
It is baked in traditional stone ovens, like pizza.
Nihari a spicy national dish of Pakistan and a popular dish in North India with origin in Delhi, India.
The term is now an Italian phraseme.
The Indian variant is flavoured with green chutney and sometimes contains slices of boiled potatoes.
Khauk swè thoke is an a thoke salad dish in Burmese cuisine.
"Wyngz" referenced elsewhere on the package would also need to be displayed with an asterisk linking it to this statement on the principal display panel.
Other ingredients commonly used to thicken soups and broths include rice, lentils, flour, and grains; many popular soups also include carrots and potatoes.
As a celebratory dish, nem is widely used in traditional rituals in Vietnam such as weddings... and as an offerings on the ancestor's altar.
Common variations include the tuna boat and tuna melt.
Similar dishes to pigeon pie exist in other cultures.
This dough is wrapped with a layer of melted guava, giving the appearance of a swiss roll.
Products by the name of puffcorn in particular can be made to look similar to popcorn, although this is made from whole grains.
Shiro is a homogeneous stew whose primary ingredient is powdered chickpeas or broad bean meal.
Inun-unan is a notable Visayan version of the dish spiced primarily with ginger.
According to The Rough Guide, mannish water is traditionally served to a groom on his wedding night.
They are usually baked, but may be fried.
An alternative method is to boil starchy food crops like cassava, yams or plantains and cocoyams and then pound them into a dough-like consistency.
Huachinango a la Veracruzana is a classic fish dish from Veracruz, Mexico.
Biber salçası is a thick, deep red paste made from red chili peppers or sweet long peppers and salt.
Catfish stew is a dish commonly found in the Southern United States, particularly in South Carolina.
In Malaysia, one can find pan mee at hawker stalls, restaurants, and shopping malls offering Chinese cuisine.
Tea refers to the popular beverage to which these baked goods are an accompaniment.
Gozinaki or Gozinaqi is a traditional Georgian confection made of caramelized nuts, usually walnuts, fried in honey, and served exclusively on New Year's Eve and Christmas.
The whole cake is sprinkled with sugar or streusel.
The term "couverture chocolate" should not be confused with compound chocolate.
The three types are differentiated by the colour of their sauce.
Semolina pudding or semolina porridge is a porridge-type pudding made from semolina, which is cooked with milk, or a mixture of milk and water.
Some dishes which have a streusel topping are streuselkuchen, coffee cake, and apple crisp.
They often offer a very wide range of toppings and ingredients, traditional and modern.
Fish and chicken versions are also made as well as a "dry" version without broth.
The location, external seating on stools around a low table at the roadside, is typical of the region and food.
The pottage that these people ate was much like modern-day soups.
Much like potato salad or coleslaw in its use, it is often served as a side dish to barbecue, fried chicken, or other picnic style dishes.
Baghara baingan is a popular Indian cuisine eggplant/brinjal curry of Hyderabad.
This dish is made of bread, crushed almonds, garlic, water, olive oil, salt and sometimes vinegar.
Mitsumame is anmitsu without bean paste, the mame meaning the peas that are served with the syrup and anko instead.
These ingredients can vary from eggs, cinnamon, apples, chocolate, and cherries to make Herman sweet or olives and sun-dried tomatoes for a savoury taste.
Each culture has its own ideas of what constitutes candy rather than dessert.
It is considered the city's signature dish and according to the original recipe it is made with shortcrust pastry.
Brazilians have been making moqueca for at least 300 years.
After fermentation, the beans are dried, cleaned, and roasted.
1991 - Pastel commercialization were further expanded with the help of Spanish Assistance for Integrated Livelihood propgram under Governor Antonio A. Gallardo.
These preparations tend toward the luxurious, often containing rare or expensive game meats and ingredients like truffles and foie gras.
In some instances or regions they may be a type that is larger than pencil-sized.
Olives and pepper can also be added.
Eggs in their shell can be cooked in the dish alongside the bread and served as an accompaniment.
Culinary experts have praised its unique flavour, although the chemistry responsible is not fully understood.
In more recent times, prepared frozen and tinned versions have become available.
The brown noodle is stickier than fresh flour and can keep for a long time.
Botamochi are a Japanese sweet made with sweet rice and sweet azuki paste.
Halves are a single tortilla filled with cheese and folded into a half-moon shape.
Frozen noodles and chilled noodles are types of instantly prepared Asian noodles that are sold frozen or chilled.
In the 1940s, circus peanuts became one of the many candies to become available year-round owing to the industrial proliferation of polyethylene packaging.
Kozhukatta is usually eaten as breakfast or as a snack with tea.
Whilst not traditional, a common addition to either pie is to top the mashed potato with grated cheese.
The primary spices in kaeng kari are cumin, coriander, turmeric, fenugreek, garlic, salt, bay leaf, lemongrass, cayenne pepper, ginger, mace and cinnamon.
However, during hot summer months, it is better kept refrigerated, as it can turn runny after several days.
Outside of the region it is often known as hardangerkaker.
The dish is especially popular in the south Indian state of Karnataka, where it has become a part of the daily diet.
The sandwich's connection to Elvis Presley is the source of its legend and prolonged interest.
Nutraloaf is a food served in prisons in the United States and Canada to inmates who have misbehaved; for example, assaulting prison guards or fellow prisoners.
Funnel cake is a regional food popular in North America at carnivals, fairs, sporting events, and seaside resorts.
Shankarpali or Shakkarpara or Shankarpaada is an Indian snack popular in Western India, especially in Gujarat and Maharashtra.
Htamanè is a glutinous rice-based savory snack, and a seasonal festive delicacy in Myanmar.
Skirts and Kidneys is an Irish stew made from pork and pork kidneys.
Anmitsu is usually eaten with a spoon and fork.
Maafe, tigadèguèna or tigadegena, or groundnut stew, is a stew or sauce common to much of West Africa.
The product was first prepared by Alberta farmer Joe St. Denis in July 2002 who noted that the brown pea had certain similarities to peanuts.
There is also a highly seasoned red pudding which is made entirely of pork and is made in a ring just like black pudding.
It can be used in a variety of dishes to include salads, soups, and casseroles.
Sanuki udon are named after the previous name of the Kagawa Prefecture, Sanuki Province.
Confiture de lait is a thick, sweet caramel sauce prepared from milk and sugar.
Similar salads in the Middle East include the Persian salad shirazi, and Turkish choban salad.
The flour and leavening agent are mixed separately and then added.
The ball is rolled flat and roasted.
It is heartier, thicker and more pungent compared to doenjang-guk.
This curry is richer and creamier than other Thai curries, since coconut cream is used in addition to coconut milk.
These animal tissues may not include hair, horns, teeth, hooves, and feathers, with the exclusion of trace amounts that are unavoidable even after acceptable processing methods.
Puchkas use a mixture of boiled gram and mashed potatoes as the filling and is tangy rather than sweetish while the water is sour and spicy.
Focaccia al rosmarino is a common focaccia style in Italian cuisine that may be served as an antipasto, appetizer, table bread, or snack.
Mantou, often referred to as Chinese steamed bun, is a type of cloud-like steamed bread or bun popular in Northern China.
The Bacon Explosion is made of bacon, sausage, barbecue sauce and barbecue seasoning or rub.
The spice mixture is called pumpkin pie spice.
Vinegar is not a traditional ingredient, nor is ginger.
Bean poṟiyal: made out of Green or String Beans.
Cooked using many of the same methods minus additional spices and herbs in the West Indian version.
Couscous is a Maghrebi dish of small steamed balls of crushed durum wheat semolina, usually served with a stew spooned on top.
As the pudding ages the various individual flavors mellow and blend.
Fufu is a national dish of Ghana.
Maple syrup is graded according to the Canada, United States, or Vermont scales based on its density and translucency.
Ogbono and okra soups are of Igbo origin and can be served with numerous Nigerian fufu meals, including eba.
Usual proportions are 2 egg whites to 1 teaspoon of lemon juice, 1 teaspoon of glycerine, and around 1 pound of sugar depending on the application.
The T-bone and porterhouse are steaks of beef cut from the short loin.
Specialised pannekoeken restaurants are common in the Netherlands and Belgium.
These include U.S. Patent 2,463,439, U.S. Patent 3,782,270, U.S. Patent 6,004,596 and U.S. Patent 6,874,409.
Its shape is similar to a calzone, and it is usually larger than a samosa, approximately five inches long.
Once the bread rises the responsibilitys of the task are handed over to the younger woman to finish the job.
Sobrebarriga is a cut of beef, also known as flank steak.
For most kuih there is no single "original" or "authentic" recipe.
It is, on occasion, served with whipped cream or ice cream on top, or alongside cheddar cheese.
HEBs have been provided to a variety of geographical locations.
A digestive biscuit, sometimes described as a sweet-meal biscuit, is a semi-sweet biscuit that originated in the United Kingdom and is popular worldwide.
The term dal is often contrasted with the term gram, used in South Asia for pulses that are whole rather than split.
A roze koek is a typical Dutch pastry.
Somewhat torpedo-shaped, they are fatter than fresh corn tortillas and stuffed with cooked and ground beans, cheese, fava beans, chicharron or other ingredients.
The ideal stick is fairly straight and made of hardwood that will not impart a disagreeable taste; for example, birch or a nut tree.
When served, mekitsa is often powdered with icing sugar or garnished with jam, honey or sirene.
The name ras malai comes from two words in Hindi: ras, meaning "juice", and malai, meaning "cream".
Khira sagara is an Odia sweet dish that literally translates to ocean of milk in the Odia language.
Chili oil is commercially available in glass jars, although it may also be made from scratch at home.
Nonpareils are a decorative confectionery of tiny balls made with sugar and starch, traditionally an opaque white but now available in many colors.
The French word pâtisserie is also used in English for the same foods.
Kaki no tane or Kaki-pi are a common snack in Japan.
It was traditionally made from parts of the pig, offal such as heart, lungs and tongue, that wouldn't be used for other sausages.
Its main ingredients are potato slices and crème fraîche, which are used to fill a puff pastry crust.
Basic ingredients are flour, milk, salt, and eggs.
2009 - Pastel is being carried by giant retail chain.
The pies reached their most elaborate form in Victorian England, with complex recipes and specialized moulds and serving dishes.
A similar walnut sauce and a chicken dish made with this sauce is known as satsivi in Georgian cuisine.
Salted mint lassi is highly favoured in Bangladesh.
It is a dish typical of Andalusia in southern Spain, where it is usually consumed spread on toasted bread.
Due to the thickness of the sausage, the maturity period is quite long.
Within Japan, Yonezawa is considered one of the generally recognized three most famous beef brands in Japan, along with Kobe beef and Matsusaka beef.
Flowers from broom and sweet violet were often used.
The modern and more popular recipe includes tomatoes, carrots, celery and onions; gremolata is optional.
This led to the popular phrase "greatest thing since sliced bread".
Chistorra is a type of fast-cure sausage from Aragon, the Basque Country, and Navarre, Spain.
Bichak is a stuffed baked tricornered appetizer served in Jewish, Afghan, Middle Eastern, and Moroccan cuisine.
They are one of the major foods eaten during the Chinese New Year and year-round in the northern provinces.
So, the phrase "Ganju Pindi" can be described as rice flour that is made like atta flour and stick to the round shaped pan.
In Mexico, a similar type of dish is tostilocos.
It is used to flavour meat before cooking, especially rabbit which is a speciality of the islands.
Bungeo-ppang is a fish-shaped pastry stuffed with sweetened red bean paste.
A nimono generally consists of a base ingredient simmered in shiru stock flavored with sake, soy sauce, and a small amount of sweetening.
These curries made from vegetables are popular in large parts of the Indian subcontinent and in the Caribbean.
The shell typically consists of two sheets of pasta, about 4 cm long, pressed together at the edges, like that of ravioli.
Typical cake ingredients are flour, sugar, eggs, butter or oil, a liquid, and leavening agents, such as baking soda or baking powder.
Bockwurst is flavored with salt, white pepper and paprika.
It is offered to all visitors to the Darbar Sahib in a Gurdwara.
An "inverse puff" pastry envelope places the détrempe inside the beurrage.
The dish is similar to Shahi Tukda which has its roots in Mughlai cuisine.
Barros Luco is a popular hot sandwich in Chile that includes beef and melted cheese in one of several types of bread.
It can be also used as an ingredient of many sweets, like i.e.
It is made of flour, sugar, a blend of Lebkuchen spices, bread crumbs, almonds, and raisins.
Acorn noodle soup may be made from acorns collected from red or white oak species and each oak species gives a distinct flavour.
In Spain and other countries outside France it is occasionally produced using natural feeding.
Its name in English means trembling, due to its gel-like trembling.
Pasta is generally a simple dish, but comes in many varieties due to its versatility.
In Australia, several companies now make it in a variety of flavours.
Walnut stuffed figs is a type of Turkish dessert.
Rhubarb tart is a tart filled with rhubarb.
Another dish, apparently unrelated but called by the same name, is essentially a very large latke meant to be cut into wedges at the table.
Whipped cream is poured over the top of the dish just before serving.
It is often offered as part of a menu of dishes of Greek origin and classic American 'diner' dishes and often at Coney Island restaurants.
Makdous is a dish of oil-cured eggplants.
In Tibetan cuisine, Yurla is a wheat pastry with butter, particularly common in Nyainrong County in northern Tibet.
Putu mayam in Malay or Idiyappam in Tamil is a Tamil dish from southern India.
It is served atop slices of white bread with pickle chips.
Yahni,, yahniya, or yakhni is a class of foods found in many countries from the Balkans to South Asia.
The bun's creation is attributed to William Oliver in the 18th century.
Hot chicken or Nashville hot chicken is a type of fried chicken that is a local specialty of Nashville, Tennessee, in the United States.
Khanom Buang, known as Thai crepes in English.
She wanted to eat a new dish with less oil.
It is especially popular during the summer.
The cake is best eaten soon after baking it.
Different variants of this dish are especially common in Ashkenazi Jewish and Finnish cuisine.
In Colombia and other Latin American countries, one dish similar to canjica cooked corn, known as mazamorra, is widespread in the traditional cuisine.
The flank steak is a beef steak cut from the abdominal muscles or lower chest of the cow.
Rhodes is the largest of the Dodecanese islands in terms of land area and also the island group's historical capital.
Vegetable sandwich is the most common type of sandwich in India.
Puri is most commonly served at breakfast.
The smallest letter in the descriptive name is no smaller than one-third the size of the largest letter used in "wyngz"
Kamarcut is a traditional South Indian candy made out of jaggery and is made by slowly cooking jaggery with water until it achieves a honeylike consistency.
They are similar in concept to a corn dog or pigs in a blanket.
Angelo Pellegrini, however, argued that the base of minestrone is bean broth, and that borlotti beans "are the beans to use for genuine minestrone".
Vindaloo is an Indian curry dish popular in the region of Goa, the surrounding Konkan, and many other parts of India.
It is one of the most recognized chocolate confectionery in Poland having exclusive rights for the name.
There are variations in sweetness, and though usually served soaked in poppy seed milk, they are also eaten without it.
Melba toast is made by lightly toasting slices of bread under a grill, on both sides.
As part of a meal, the pie is usually accompanied by chips.
It is a main course served with onions, kajmak, ajvar, and urnebes, either on plate with side dishes, or with lepinja.
The most common variant is prepared by coating thinly sliced and "fanned" bananas in batter and deep frying them.
The island of Bornholm, where Gudhjem is situated, is known for its smoking houses.
However, some Hungarian recipe books already featured a similar recipe in the 1930s.
The French dip is now served at a number of restaurant chains including fast food places, diners, and standard restaurants.
Switzerland's chocolates have earned an international reputation for high quality with many famous international brands.
Varieties with ingredients other than red beans are called bingsu.
Deuk Deuk Tong or commonly referred to as Ding Ding Tong is a type of traditional candy in Hong Kong.
Strapačky is a Slovak dish, similar to bryndzové halušky where the base compound of the dish is halušky; however, instead of bryndza, stewed sauerkraut is used.
klobásníky, is a savory finger food of Czech origin.
It is served with liberal helpings of butter sprinkled on it.
In New York, he says, 'hot dogs or nachos could be xiaochi.'
Unlike traditional mooncakes which are served at room temperature, snow skin mooncakes are typically eaten cold.
Gomme is a traditional Norwegian dish used for dinner or dessert, usually as spread on slices of bread, lefse, and similar.
Two pizzoccheri fairs take place in Teglio: La Sagra dei Pizzoccheri, celebrated in July and the festival of The Golden Pizzocchero, celebrated in September.
In English, pain de mie is most similar to pullman loaf or regular sandwich bread.
It is kneaded and rolled thin, and a filling is spread over it.
It may also usually used by confectioners as a supplement for their meals.
Lamban is a traditional dessert for the Bruneian Malay people in Labuan and in the states of Sabah, Malaysia.
Mässmogge are thumb-sized, hazelnut praline-filled sugar candies.
Rye bread, butter and chocolate shot or sprinkles.
This variety of sugarcane grows about two yards tall, and is about as thick as a finger.
These are served in traditional Yi wooden dishes, and eaten with long-handled spoons instead of chopsticks.
In Cork and Limerick, the dish is often paired with tripe, where it is known as "packet and tripe".
Kuchmachi is a traditional Georgian dish of chicken livers, hearts and gizzards with walnuts and pomegranate seeds for topping.
Crempog is a Welsh pancake made with flour, buttermilk, eggs, vinegar and salted butter.
Spreads like cream cheese or chocolate spread can be used in place of the peanut butter.
The dish is topped with grated cheese and baked in the oven to finish it.
The word 'Antequerana' derives from the town of Antequera.
In Nebraska, the Runza is usually baked in a rectangular shape.
Hard sauce is a sweet, rich dessert sauce made by creaming or beating butter and sugar with rum, brandy, whiskey, sherry, vanilla or other flavorings.
In Nova Scotia, the same term is used to refer to pickled herring and onion.
Similar products from other domestic manufacturers include "Parpar" and "Shush".
Stovies is thus a dish intended to use left-over food.
Kita will take the shape of the pan in which it is cooked.
It was a common treat sold in American Jewish bakeries until the end of the 20th century.
It is often served with mashed potatoes either on top or on the side.
Though mochitsuki is the traditional method of making mochi and daifuku, they can also be cooked in the microwave.
Soups with thinner bases are not generally served in bread bowls, as the broth would make the bread get too soggy too quickly.
Shami kebab is eaten as a snack or an appetizer.
Scrag end is the name of a cut of lamb and mutton, common in the UK and the Commonwealth.
Non-Passover matzo may be made with onion, garlic, poppy seed, etc.
Cardamom-flavored bread and buns are commonly eaten in Finland and Sweden.
Cōng yóu bǐng, a Chinese pancake made with scallions
They were invented at the Parker House Hotel in Boston, during the 1870s.
Spices commonly used in chutneys include fenugreek, coriander, cumin and asafoetida.
Napoleonka is a Polish type of cream pie.
It was originally used by the brewing industry.
They are often round, and are small enough to comprise a single serving.
There are also restaurants in Singapore and USA that serve this specialty dish of Davangere.
Dhansak hence, is never prepared on auspicious occasions like festivals and weddings.
Leek soup is strongly associated with Wales, and is an important item of Welsh cuisine.
Most of traditional serabi tastes sweet, as the pancake is usually eaten with kinca or thick golden-brownish-colored coconut sugar syrup.
Kue ape is very similar to serabi Solo.
Buttercream is a common topping for cupcakes, sponge cakes, butter cakes, and other desserts.
Although served in this context as part of a savoury meal, its close relationship to dumpling means it may also be served as a dessert.
Okroshka is usually garnished with sour cream.
Huel is made from seven ingredients: oats, rice protein, pea protein, sunflower, flaxseed, coconut MCTs, plus a vitamin and mineral blend.
The madeleine or petite madeleine is a traditional small cake from Commercy and Liverdun, two communes of the Lorraine region in northeastern France.
Gachas is an ancestral basic dish from central and southern Spain.
It is a rolled veal or pork steak, stuffed with kajmak, and then breaded and fried.
Royal icing is a hard white icing, made from softly beaten egg whites, icing sugar, and sometimes lemon or lime juice.
It is a lighter variation of Asturian fabada whose primary ingredients are sausage, beans and pork.
Dahi Vada is a popular snack in India.
In Latin American countries, especially Colombia, it is commonly made during Holy Week and the Christmas season.
Ground black pepper and cayenne pepper are added to get attention without being uncomfortable.
Various varieties are found, with some name variations in various parts of the country.
They are strips of candied sweet potato, resembling french fries in appearance, but are hard and sugary sweet in taste.
Different recipes added milk, eggs or broth.
Gulai is often described as an Indonesian type of curry, although Indonesian cuisine also recognize kari or kare.
A blondie is a rich, sweet dessert bar.
These dishes are made with a spice mixture designed for each recipe and either dry-toasted or fried in oil before inclusion.
In the Palatinate and Rhenish Hesse it is eaten with potato soup or vegetable soup as a main dish for lunch.
It is generally served in thin slices, occasionally diced.
It can be seen even in parts of Tamil Nadu as well.
It has a pattern of dots on the top in concentric circles.
Paneer tikka is an Indian dish made from chunks of paneer marinated in spices and grilled in a tandoor.
The dish was named by Naval Ordnance Plant Indianapolis workers who were trained on fabrication of the Norden Bombsight in Manhattan during World War II.
Its origins can be traced to the Victorian years.
Various sizes, types and flavours are available.
Smaller pīrāgi are often prized for their daintiness and are considered the work of a skilled cook.
Gobstoppers have been sold in traditional sweet shops for at least a century, often sold by weight from jars.
It is normally prepared with meat, particularly smoked meat such as smoked bacon, sausage, and ham hock, and is a typical winter dish.
İnegöl meatballs consist of veal, lamb, salt, sodium-bicarbonate and onion mixture in specific proportions.
Speck Alto Adige PGI is a dry-cured, lightly smoked ham, produced in South Tyrol, northern Italy.
It is a traditional recipe in regions Molise and Piedmont of Italy, in Piedmont called Tajarin and made of egg dough.
Innumerable variations are available changing from location and vendors, the unusual ones being Szechuan vegetable sandwich and Russian sandwich.
He moved into rooms above the confectioners Van Haaren & Nieuwerkerk.
It is so named because of the sandwich's popularity as a staple served in Havana's night clubs right around or after midnight.
The historical origins of the chocolate covered raisin are unknown.
Another variation has a similar filling, but with a chocolate exterior.
It can be found in different varieties and forms throughout Yemen.
The dish was described in 1959 by Vietnamese food writer Vu Bang who described Hanoi as a town "transfixed by bún chả."
Candy corn is a candy most often found in the United States and Canada, popular primarily around Halloween.
While the product can resemble a snow cone, snow cones are made with crushed, rather than shaved, ice.
It is a casserole-like dish traditionally formed by grating potatoes, then squeezing them through cheesecloth.
Similar to gruel or porridge, it is eaten in many North African countries.
Cabell d'àngel or Cabello de ángel is a transparent threaded jam made from Siam pumpkin pulp and white sugar.
; "fresh" packed Sabounee have usually 7 weeks of shelf-life.
The wafers can be square, triangular, or may be shaped like cherry blossoms, chrysanthemums and so on.
The name is derived from the Berber word for stick; this is in reference to the dish's manner of cooking.
A wide variety of types, styles and flavors of instant soups exist.
Chole Bhature is a world famous recipe from the Punjabi cuisine.
The flour is kneaded into soft dough and rolled into thin pancakes.
It is believed to originate from the city and region of Maraş and hence also known as Maraş ice cream.
Fla-Vor-Ice is the trademark name for a type of freezie.
Petit Salé is often used as an abbreviation for the recipe Petit Salé aux Lentilles, a dish containing pork, vegetables and lentils.
One piece of egg waffle can have around 20 to 35 small round 'balls'.
It is an American dish that was introduced in Texas in the early 1990s.
When the Balisto bar was released in 1981 it was produced by Mars, Incorporated in West Germany.
It is also known as pandan chiffon.
At first glance, landang looks like shrunken, flattened sago.
Fánk is traditionally served with powdered sugar and lekvár, Hungarian thick jams; mostly apricot at that.
It is used most commonly as a salad dressing, but can also be used as a marinade.
It is then rolled up and placed in a brine for a number of days, before being placed in a special press, cooled, and sliced thinly.
Typically they are made 'single-crust' - with no layer of pastry covering the top.
Children as young as two or three can help with this phase, so it is a first baking experience for many.
When home-baked, the flour may be store-bought or made by hand-pressing.
It originated in Majorca but its use has spread to the rest of Spain and some countries in the Americas.
It is made from Rice Flour, however a few other flours are also used.
In Greece, taramasalata is associated with Clean Monday, the first day of Great Lent.
Garganelli [ɡarɡaˈnɛlli] are a type of egg-based pasta formed by rolling a flat, square noodle into a tubular shape.
Flavorings and garnishes can vary from region to region.
Its preparation involves the heating of a special Bockwurst, larger than regular hot dogs, in water.
The opacity and rich taste of coconut milk are attributed to its high oil content, most of which is saturated fat.
Less commonly used are tayberries, loganberries, cherries and blueberries.
Ghormeh Sabzi is an Iranian herb stew.
Ingredients include repolo, verzas, grelos, or navizas; potatoes; white beans; and unto.
The name of the dish sometimes includes the kind of vegetables inside it, for example Wortelstoemp.
In Western Canada it is known as Matrimonial Cake.
The cookie generally originated in the United States, its development dating back to the 1910s.
A typical addition to a kebapche meal are chips, often covered with grated sirene; lyutenitsa is sometimes used as a dip.
An apple pie, regional variation apple tart, is a fruit pie, in which the principal filling ingredient is apple.
The original version included celery, garlic, parsley, and mashed potatoes as well.
A Xhosa variant made with "samp and beans" that is served with butter or fat was apparently Nelson Mandela's favourite dish.
It is called a Rachel, or Cloak and Decker.
As much air as possible is removed from the seal skin before it is sewn up and sealed with seal fat, which repels flies.
A wide variety of liquorice sweets are produced around the world.
However, note the traditional tlacoyo is supposed to be consumed without any toppings on it, but fresh salsa.
Çäkçäk), frequently anglicized as chak-chak , is a Tatar sweet.
It is characterized by its square shape and flat edges.
Nonya kuih too come in different shapes, colours, texture and designs.
Its different types are variously known as gram, or Bengal gram, garbanzo or garbanzo bean, Egyptian pea.
Pineapple tarts or nanas tart refers to small, bite-size pastries filled with or topped with pineapple jam found in different parts of Asia.
There are three types of kripik sanjai:
Sfenj is eaten plain or sprinkled with sugar or soaked in honey.
Other variations are a crumbled butter and sugar mix and a cooked rice and custard porridge.
However, meatcake itself has occurred as a delicacy for quite some time before George Carlin.
The dish is served as a courtesy for important guests visiting Pyongyang and the question, "How was the flathead grey mullet soup?"
There is an annual Bryndzové Halušky festival in Turecká that features an eating contest.
Blood Tongue, or Zungenwurst, is a variety of German head cheese with blood.
A lamington is an Australian cake, made from squares of sponge cake coated in an outer layer of chocolate sauce and rolled in desiccated coconut.
Bamboo toothpicks are becoming increasingly popular due to its short growth cycle and carbon footprint reduction.
The shape of krob khem is like a thin square sheet; however, it can be changed depending on the maker.
It is soft when hot but hardens after it cools.
Tiep or Ceebu jën means "rice fish" in Wolof.
Nudossi is a brand-name of a hazelnut bread spread manufactured by the company Vadossi.
Restaurant chains devoted to Shan dishes are popular in Yangon where meeshay is one of the top choices amongst customers.
A similar dish is sopas, from the Philippines.
Compared to regular ice cream, it can be kept at room temperature without melting and is more brittle and rigid but still soft when bitten into.
Ispanakhi Matsvnit is a Georgian salad dish composed of cooked and minced spinach mixed with yoghurt.
Avena is prepared using water and milk brought to a boil.
When slit and filled, this gordita looks like a sandwich made with tortillas instead of bread.
Other commonly used spellings are mochaccino and also mochachino.
There are two different kinds of corzetti.
Jiaozi are a kind of Chinese dumpling, commonly eaten in China and other parts of East Asia.
Zelnik is served with yoghurt and its best eaten warm.
Mi rebus, mie rebus or mee rebus literally "boiled noodles" in English) is a noodle dish popular in Indonesia, Malaysia, and Singapore.
Although similar to the vermicelli used in seviyan and falooda, fenia are much thinner.
The molds are usually small rectangular loaves similar in size to petits fours.
The traditional recipe calls for cheese melted in a bain-marie, slices of roast beef, tomato and pickled cucumber in a French bun with the crumb removed.
A croque madame is a version of the dish topped with a fried egg.
It is known by many names including Honigkuchen, Gewürzkuchen, or Kräuterbrot.
New Haven-style pizza, locally known as apizza]) "the pizza"), is a style of Neapolitan pizza common in and around New Haven, Connecticut.
A friand typically has additional flavorings such as coconut, chocolate, fruit, and nuts.
Ox-tongue pastry is lightly sweetened, and eaten as part of breakfast with soy milk.
Ham salad is a traditional Anglo-American salad.
It was intended as a richer, finer alternative to the older and popular crema catalana.
The dressing may be based on vinegar or dahi.
It is widespread throughout the country, and due to its ease of preparation, it is common fare at potlucks.
It is marketed as a quick and easy one-pan meal for the whole family.
Arany means gold or golden; galuska refers to the dumpling nature of the balls of dough.
Other variations of the dish make use of sweet potatoes instead of regular ones.
When ready, all the laulau is placed in an underground oven, called an imu.
Ploatz is a hearty sheet cake made of rye bread dough with variable topping, a speciality of the Haune valley of Hesse, Germany.
Another very common but seasonal ingredient is artichokes.
It is typically served during a meal or as a dessert.
Haleem is a stew composed of meat, lentils and pounded wheat made into a thick paste.
Spettekaka or spettkaka is a local dessert of the southern parts of Sweden, chiefly in the province of Scania but also in Halland.
The fried version is likewise sometimes sold at concession stands in stadiums, like those of the Cincinnati Reds.
The chain of Annapurna Sweets in West Bengal and Delhi is known for its mishti doi.
Baati is always eaten with dal, hence dal baati.
Chomchom, cham cham, or chum chum is a traditional Bengali sweet originated from Porabari, Tangail, Bangladesh.
The standard ingredients include azuki beans, light rock sugar syrup, and evaporated milk.
There are more than 50 types of thick soup in Iranian cooking, ash reshteh being one of the more popular types.
Most cake recipes can be made into layer cakes; butter cakes and sponge cakes are common choices.
The banana ensures the sugar dissolves so be careful not to mix too much of banana.
However, it is common to find them served on a submarine roll, and chicken is now the meat of choice due to cost.
Pölsa is simply a traditional variety of sausage filling without any casing.
It is a starchy bland substance, similar to tapioca starch.
Khanom chin nam ngiao, a northern Thai speciality, the sauce contains pork blood
The name comes from the fact that the pieces of senbei look like a seed of the persimmon.
The pudding is often garnished with roasted or chopped nuts, usually cashewnuts.
The earliest recipe found so far is from The Australian Women's Weekly in December 1937.
Darkcutters fetch a lower price than otherwise ordinary beef on the market.
Battered sausages are a type of sausage, found all across the United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia and New Zealand.
It is very famous in the adjoining states of Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Delhi, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh.
Nowadays when speaking about the item it is usually refer to as "Taiwanese Pepper Bun".
It is considered a more traditional and home-style dish in Hong Kong and China, since it is rarely if ever served at any restaurants.
It is often eaten with solok lada and is also eaten with fried keropok.
Varieties of Chè are made with mung beans, black-eyed peas, kidney beans, tapioca, jelly, fruit, and coconut cream.
Though they come in many shapes and sizes, they are most commonly hand-sized or smaller, with a round top and flat bottom.
The main ingredient is chickpea flour or besan.
In manufactured versions, "French dressing" is generally a pale orange and creamy, while "Catalina French dressing" is generally bright red and less creamy in nature.
The cut is common in Colombia, where it is known as sobrebarriga, literally meaning "over the belly".
The potato slices puff up into little balloons during the second frying and turn golden brown.
In parts of Britain, the buns were traditionally baked on sycamore leaves and dusted with powdered sugar.
In Swaziland, it is a common street food.
Vegetables used for Theeyal include Pearl onion or Shallot, Bitter melon, Potato, Eggplant, Okra, Zucchini, Raw Mango.
It is also traditionally made in Vojvodina, Serbia, where it was introduced by the local Hungarians.
The pulses generally used are split bengal gram and split Green gram.
Kuzhambu, is a common dish in South India and Sri Lankan Tamil cuisines, and is primarily made of a variety of dals.
There are some regional variations of the recipe, in particular when it comes to the proportions of boiled and raw potatoes.
Símilar to ryazhenka, it is made by adding sour cream to baked milk.
It does not have the texture of most icings; rolled fondant is akin to stiff clay, while poured fondant is a thick liquid.
Thong yip, also known as "pinched gold egg yolks" in English, is one of the nine auspicious traditional Thai desserts.
Garlic can also be a traditional ingredient.
Delia Smith has published a bacon soup recipe.
It honours the tables of the rich and poor alike."
Coffee may be served to accompany muffins.
The preparation of zōni varies both by household and region.
Weeds can be used in macaroni soup in times of poverty to provide vitamins and minerals.
They were discontinued in the United States in 2012, but continued to be sold in some markets, such as Italy.
There are many different ways to dress them, but the traditional way is to mix them in honey with diavulilli, cinnamon, and bits of orange rind.
However, bacon cut into small cubes is still used to produce the initial cooking fat and added to the dish at the end.
Preparation takes many hours, and after baking the mämmi is stored chilled for three to four days before being ready to eat.
Se'i is a thinly sliced smoked meat utilizing a mixture of salt and spices which gives a unique taste unlike any bacon.
It is a popular choice: Oscar Mayer reports 2.19 billion sandwiches are made with its brand of bologna per year.
They have a square cross section about 2–3 mm thick.
An Italian hot dog is a type of hot dog popular in New Jersey, United States.
Lingonberries are known as mountain cranberries or partridge berries in North America from Alaska to Labrador.
But the biggest influence came from the Creole culture.
These can be arranged in layers or geometrical designs on a plate or mixed.
The chief ingredients are flour, semolina, sugar, molasses soaked in saffron, poppy or nigella seeds, salt, and ghee.
It is served in a sauce, either "chile rojo" or "chile verde".
It is also a popular delicacy in the Philippines, a former colony of Spain.
A Staffordshire oatcake is a type of savoury pancake made from oatmeal, flour and yeast.
While cacao beans and other ingredients such as sugar can originate from outside of Switzerland, the actual production of the chocolate must take place in Switzerland.
Peaking in popularity during the 1970s, Toobs were considered a novelty crisp and could be found in supermarkets and selected convenience stores.
Some versions use prawns as an ingredient.
The cities of Barga and Castelnuovo are in it.
Based in Minneapolis, Minnesota, the RyKrisp plant was purchased by Ralston Purina in 1926.[2].
Sundae can be made with seafood such as ojing-eo sundae and myeongtae sundae.
Pistou or pistou, pronounced [ˈpistu]), or pistou sauce, is a Provençal cold sauce made from cloves of garlic, fresh basil, and olive oil.
Tomato sauce refers to any of a very large number of sauces made primarily from tomatoes, usually to be served as part of a dish.
The dish is prepared in two steps.
Poitabhat or panta bhat is rice-based dish from the Indian subcontinent.
Cookies are often served with beverages such as milk, coffee or tea.
Baked ziti is a baked casserole dish made with ziti macaroni and sauce characteristic of Italian-American cuisine.
A Danish pastry or just Danish is a multilayered, laminated sweet pastry in the viennoiserie tradition.
Jaljira powder generally consists of cumin, ginger, black pepper, mint, black salt, some fruit powder, and chili or hot pepper powder.
As with many national dishes, Latvian families often have their own unique recipe for the dish, resulting in many variations of pīrāgi.
It is eaten cooked and is often accompanied by "cachelos".
Gougères can be made as small pastries, 3–4 cm.
It is sold at Langenstein's grocery store.
Today the major production centre of tauco in Indonesia is in Cianjur in West Java, and Pekalongan in Central Java.
The exact date when tinutuan was invented is also uncertain.
Cardamom buns are eaten along with coffee or tea.
Chè trôi nước is also similar to a Chinese dish called tangyuan.
The word comes from the Latin siccus, via Vulgar Latin *siccīna, "dry".
Chè is a Vietnamese term that refers to any traditional Vietnamese sweet beverage, dessert soup or pudding.
The dish is very popular as a side for rice in the southern regions of India especially in Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Kerala.
Some add red wine, others do not.
It is similar, though finer in flavor, than Chinese sweet bean sauce.
The curry is characteristic for its sour taste, which comes from tamarind.
These shells are fried in oil or ghee and can be set aside for some time until the diners are ready to eat them.
The dish is topped with chopped walnuts and kaymak.
Ingredients vary according to region and between each household.
It is similar to meatloaf in texture, but has a wider variety of ingredients.
A similar consistency to rice pudding can also be made by using more semolina and by baking, rather than boiling.
Amandine is a Romanian chocolate layered cake filled with chocolate with caramel and fondant cream.
A similar, but entirely savoury, dish comes from Buckinghamshire.
According to Gil Marks, each of the three separate Indian Jewish communities - Cochin, Mumbai, Calcutta - counts in its culinary repertoire grain dishes called appam.
Hazelnut butter is a food spread made from crushed and blended hazelnuts.
Bosanski lonac is prepared by layering meat and vegetables into a deep pot, then adding 1 - 2 dl water.
Other sources, however, find the origin of the club sandwich to be up for debate.
The cake is dusted with confectioner's sugar before being served.
Clam chowder is usually served with saltine crackers or small, hexagonal oyster crackers.
The baking favor was only limited to the friends and relatives of Agrepina Dagondon Gultiano by then.
The Leipziger Lerche is a pastry of Leipzig.
The Chinese name, transliterated as Poon choi, has been variously translated as "big bowl feast", "basin cuisine" or "Chinese casserole".
Lacabòn is a hand-crafted, traditional candy of Alessandria, Italy.
Most people eat them with Chinese tea, and some people dissolve them in hot water to make a porridge-like dessert.
They used to cook with lamb meat and with left overs including mainly bread.
Prepared meatballs are refrigerated for 2–3 hours and they are ready to be cooked.
Aloo mutter is also available commercially in ready-to-eat packets, manufactured by companies like Tasty Bite, which need to be heated and served.
Since World War II, it has become popular as a topping for white cake, especially at weddings.
Kelp noodles, called cheonsachae in Korean, are half-transparent noodles made from the jelly-like extract left after steaming edible kelp.
This is a lean cut and it is moderately tough.
A completely unrelated dish from Italy is also called "lemon chicken".
Their name comes from their shape, which resembles a small ear.
Sundae or Korean Sausage is a Korean dish made generally by boiling or steaming cow or pig's intestines that are stuffed with various ingredients.
The dish was created shortly after the armistice that ended the Korean War, using the scrounged or smuggled surplus foods from the U. S. army bases.
Chicken stock or water is added to the mixture and is simmered over low heat to reduce.
The type or grading of bird's nest depends on the type of bird as well as the diet of the bird.
Solero is an ice cream brand, sold under the Heartbrand name in several countries, owned by Unilever and first launched in 1994.
Its current shape was invented in 1914 by Usagiya in the Ueno district of Tokyo.
It is available in many different varieties of fruit fillings, such as cherry, apricot, strawberries, and plums.
Its name is related to the province of Béarn, France.
It is ground meat, usually pork, wrapped in rice paper and deep-fried.
Traditional chalupas, as found in Cholula in the state of Puebla, are small, thick, boat-shaped fried masa topped only with salsa, cheese and shredded lettuce.
In Boyaca, beef and potato seem to be used more commonly.
Gammon is the hind leg of pork after it has been cured by dry-salting or brining.
Sancocho is a traditional soup in several Latin American cuisines derived from the Spanish dish known as cocido.
The word is a compound with a transparent meaning in the Sinhala language, where kiri means "milk" and bath means "rice".
It is eaten sliced, dry, or with butter or margarine.
The word is the French language term for the same thing.
It is a bar dessert which requires no baking and is named after the city of Nanaimo, British Columbia on Vancouver Island.
It can then be served with sweet miso or used as dumplings in soups.
It consists of a roast pig stuffed, yellow peas, green onion, yellow rice, and spices cooked in an outdoor, brick oven for about ten hours.
The club sandwich may have originated at the Union Club of New York City.
They can also be eaten like a wheat scone with jam and a cup of strong tea.
Tourists buy them as souvenirs from Ipoh.
Gogoși  are Romanian sweet pastries similar to filled doughnuts.
It is also used in Taiwanese cuisine.
This type of pizza was invented in Rome, Italy, and is common throughout Italy.
Biangbiang noodles, alternatively known as you po che mian in Chinese, are a type of noodles popular in the cuisine of China's Shaanxi Province.
To finish the dish, the braised beef is removed and set aside to rest.
Initially they were made with buckwheat flour, but are more commonly made with whole wheat flour now.
Poon choi, also spelled pun choi, is a traditional Chinese dish once common throughout China.
It is often eaten by itself or as an accompaniment to another dish.
The confection is served in India, all year round, but especially consumed during the holiday seasons, wedding ceremonies, and the religious festivals.
Commercial instant soups are usually dried or dehydrated, canned, or treated by freezing.
It is often chilled and reheated, which results in a more melded flavor.
Vendors are commonly found selling tortas de tamal near offices, markets, schools, and particularly near churches on Sunday mornings.
They may contain spices, nuts, candied fruits, etc., and are often glazed or topped with icing.
Although the sauce itself is made by stir-frying, this homonym does not carry over into the Traditional Chinese term, which describes the actual bean paste.
Some places serve it with dark soya sauce and also dried salted fish.
Often served with lime juice and sometimes ground pistachios, it is a traditional dessert in Iran.
The original Dorayaki consisted of only one layer.
Continue adding butter while whisking until one has the desired quantity of beurre monté.
Prinskorv which directly translates to "prince-sausage" is a small Swedish sausage which is often sold in links.
Before the dish is served for general consumption, the dish is offered to deceased ancestors or family members on altars.
It may be white in color, scented with floral essences such as rose water or screwpine, or it may be colored and flavored with saffron.
Common ingredients include eggs, beer, butter, cheese, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, salt and pepper.
Making summer pudding is much easier if the bread is somewhat stale.
Baati can either be plain or have various kinds of fillings, including onions, peas, and sattu.
Cardamom-flavored bread and buns are commonly eaten in Finland and Sweden.
Nem nướng is a specialty of Khánh Hòa Province.
After some experimenting, Van Haaren created a sweet made of coffee, caramel, cream and butter.
The dish can include a variety of vegetables, such as fried tomatoes, potatoes, cauliflower, eggplant, and chicken or lamb.
In North German country kitchens, potatoes would also be added, even though they are not specifically mentioned.
It is useful to preserve gelatinous sweets by absorbing humidity.
It is a local dish of Seoul.
The menu for such a Schlachtfest in the Palatinate includes soup, various sausages, liver dumplings, boiled belly pork and Sauerkraut.
The banana is battered and then deep fried.
Rookworst was traditionally smoked over smouldering woodchips.
Tuiles are commonly added as garnishes to desserts such as panna cotta or used as edible cups for sorbet or ice cream.
They are made with baking powder or baking soda as a chemical leavening agent rather than yeast.
Eating pakhal has been recommended to prevent heat stroke in hot weather.
Cabell d'àngel is usually flavored with stick cinnamon or citron skin.
By definition, they are made from a single continuous piece of cake.
Zoervleis or Zoervleisj is a regional meat dish from the Province of Limburg, a region split between the Netherlands and Belgium.
It's been enjoyed by politicians and celebrities including President Barack Obama and Bette Midler.
Sabudana vada, also called 'sago vada', is a traditional deep fried snack from Maharashtra, India.
An arlette is a cinnamon-flavoured palmier biscuit.
The cake dates from the Algeria's Ottoman period.
It is made from leg of pork and usually served in chunky slices.
A koeksister is a traditional South African confectionery made of fried dough infused in syrup or honey.
The traditional dish from Apulia is orecchiette alle cime di rapa, although broccoli is also widely used as an alternative to rapini.
It was originally considered as a dessert and more recently as a confectionery, because of its sweet taste and flower biscuit shape.
A synonym of paupiette is, in Belgium, oiseau sans tête.
On an average, every day 20 lakh dabelis are consumed in whole of kutch.
Marzipan is also used in Tortell, and in some versions of king cake eaten during the Carnival season.
Pan de yuca is a type of bread made of cassava starch and cheese typical of southern Colombia and the Coast Region of Ecuador.
The bread is almost always very low in fat, its content comparable to most other varieties of bread.
Additional seasonings, such as chopped onions, salt, and cilantro, may also be added.
Melted chocolate and grated chocolate sandwiches are an alternative.
Additionally, garlic or spring onions can be added to the dish.
It is most frequently eaten in a dish called fit-fit.
The rice of ancient times of Japan was red.
It has a slight resemblance to blood sausage.
Nan gyi thohk, is an a thoke salad dish in Burmese cuisine made with thick round rice noodles mixed with specifically prepared chicken curry.
Kattama, katlama, katmer, or gambir is a fried layered bread common in the cuisines of Central Asia.
The consistency of maple butter is light and spreadable, very similar to the consistency of peanut butter.
Some home orchards may have a tree that produces tart apples, prized for the flavorful snitz they make.
Noodles are an essential ingredient and staple in Chinese cuisine.
Misua are a very thin variety of salted noodles made from wheat flour.
Fufu is eaten with the fingers, and a small ball of it can be dipped into an accompanying soup or sauce.
Quick bread is any bread leavened with leavening agents other than yeast or eggs.
It is made of tomatoes, onions, eggplant or courgettes, green and red peppers and olive oil.
The final cured product tends to be thinner than traditional chorizo or sausage, with a diameter of approximately 25mm.
It is often served in the Philippines, a former colonial entity of Spain.
The phrase is more common in Western American English, and is included in the U.S.
Esterházy torta consists of buttercream spiced with cognac or vanilla, sandwiched between four and five layers of almond meringue dough.
It features as an ingredient in many cuisines.
The outer layer of sugar is sometimes partially caramelized.
The snaps are cooked on a moderate heat and are baked briefly as a flat disc that is then rolled while still hot and soft.
It can be filled with meat and/or vegetarian fillings.
Jachnun or Jahnun is a Yemenite Jewish and Israeli pastry served on Shabbat morning.
They are common in the United Kingdom and Ireland and are also available in some other countries, including Australia.
Cypriot Greek: τταλαττούρι is not a soup-like sauce like Bulgarian tarator but more of a dipping sauce from strained yogurt.
The pastries are used as part of a Christmas game in Scandinavian culture.
It is usually served with a curry or bhaji, as in Puri bhaji.
The ingredients are chicken, flour, garlic, onion, paprika, salt.
Cucumber soup is also any soup using on cucumbers as a primary ingredient, and is present in various cuisines.
Lyutika is a traditional vegetable mixture — salad or chunky relish, popular in the northern part of Bulgaria.
Shrikhand is an Indian sweet dish made of strained yogurt.
In Hindi, "jal" means water and "jeera" means cumin.
Pig blood curd, also known as “blood tofu” or “blood pudding”, is a popular Cantonese delicacy in Hong Kong and southern China.
They are often served at Christmas and are sometimes served warm.
Fritule is a festive Croatian pastry made particularly for Christmas.
It is most often consumed in Romania during Saint Valentine day.
Pizzelle, while still warm, can also be rolled using a wooden dowel to create cannoli shells.
The most common varieties marketed as "Italian Sausage" in US supermarkets are hot[1], sweet[2][3][4][5], and mild[6].
Although Suya originated in the Northern parts of Nigeria, it has permeated the Nigerian society, being affordable for all and available everywhere.
For the meat, beef, pork, and chicken are the most popular.
In the dish, vanilla ice cream is extruded through a modified Spätzle press or potato ricer, giving it the appearance of spaghetti.
In Yoga, satya is one of five yamas, the virtuous restraint from falsehood and distortion of reality in one's expressions and actions.
Butter cookies, known as Brysslkex, Sablés, and Danish biscuits, are unleavened cookies consisting of butter, flour, and sugar.
Markets sell dried noodles and men-tsuyu, or instant noodle broth, to make home preparation easy.
Others allude to its shape as closely resembling a cardinal's skullcap or zucchetto.
The milk and cream are heated and flavored, then mixed into the whisked eggs and egg yolks.
Traditionally bread scraps are used, so as not to waste any bread that would otherwise get trashed.
They are often used in similar dishes as rotelle or fusilli, because their shape works well with thicker sauces.
Many street vendors have vanished but the name and style of noodle endures as a cultural icon.
It is prepared by mixing cooked rice with a special seasoning called Oggarane or Gojju.
Kashk is made from drained yogurt or drained sour milk by forming it and letting it dry.
Steamie parlours, called 'wieneries', have opened across Canada and are replacing typical hot dogs at franchised restaurants, too.
The word bogrács is a loanword from Ottoman Turkish باقراج, meaning a cauldron made of copper; from the word "copper" in Old Turkish language.
Jangajji or pickled vegetables is a type of banchan made by pickling vegetables.
Banku is found throughout Ghana, and is one of the staple foods enjoyed by all tribes in the country.
Sauerbraten is regarded as one of the national dishes of Germany.
Idrijski žlikrofi are traditional Slovenian dumplings that originate from Idrija.
Bánh khoai mì is a Vietnamese cake made from grated cassava, sugar, coconut milk, and a small amount of salt.
There are a few different types of sprouted grain bread.
The standard recipe calls for one pound of salt for every four pounds of potatoes.
It is usually wrapped in banana leaves and served with side dishes.
The Peabutter product was also distributed to the United States Armed Forces which requested alternative products for those allergic to peanuts.
Konpeitō, also spelled kompeitō, is a Japanese sugar candy.
Other animal-shaped crackers and cookies are popular, such as Teddy Grahams, Goldfish, Hello Panda and Koala's March.
Carolyn Andrew Lynch published a small booklet called The Candle Salad Story in 2003 with several reprinted images from cookbooks and articles.
Unlike most other meats in the siu mei category, this particular dish is not roasted.
It is a typical dish in southern Germany.
The banana-leaf package containing food is secured with lidi seumat, cooked on steam, in boiled water or grilled on charcoal.
Bakers are careful not to overwork the dough, so it will rise slightly.
In some recipes, yeast, bread soda, milk or yogurt might be used.
The most noticeable difference between boxty and other fried potato dishes is its smooth, fine grained consistency.
Menudo, or pancita is a traditional Mexican soup, made with beef stomach in broth with a red chili pepper base.
Café au lait is coffee with hot milk added.
Nitrite is generally recognized as safe by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
The icing is sometimes caramel, in which case the dessert may be called a bâton de Jacob.
The biscuits are flavored with cinnamon and lightly coated with a thin layer of white chocolate.
It is popular in Indonesia and Malaysia.
The ingredients are egg, yogurt, milk, butter, sunflower oil, baking powder, lemon, flour, sugar, water.
As the word for "cake" sounds like the one for "height" in Chinese, people regard it as a lucky food.
A bear claw is a sweet, yeast-raised pastry, similar to a Danish, originating in the United States during the mid-1920s.
Bonda is a typical Indian snack that has various sweet and spicy versions of it in different regions.
By 1945 it referred to the cake.
Batata harra is a Lebanese vegetable dish.
In Spain, they are often eaten in cafes and tapas bars.
The latter together with its Eastern Slavic cognates comes ultimately from the Proto-Slavic ščаvь for sorrel.
It is a traditional dessert sauce in Nordic countries.
There are many variations and alternative names used by region.
The pot is heated using small amounts of wood or charcoal or, if fuel is scarce, twisted grass or even dried animal dung.
Maconochie was a stew of sliced turnips, carrots and potatoes in a thin soup, named for the Aberdeen Maconochie Company that produced it.
Whoever gets the piece of the frangipane cake with the bean is crowned “king” or “queen” for the following year.
It is served with Idli, Dosa and vade.
Gaston Gérard chicken is a typical Burgundian dish
In general, the dish of stuffed chicken breast is also known in Ukrainian, Russian and Polish cuisines as côtelette de volaille.
It consists of a pie crust filled with a light ganache of blended cream and chocolate that is covered with green colored icing or fondant.
Its invention is generally attributed to chef Ed LaDou, and Chez Panisse, in Berkeley, California.
During the dry ripening process, a special noble-mold is formed on the casing surface.
If not baked in a sealed pan, the crust can be cut off.
The baking process takes about 3 minutes and the final product is a thin, foldable bread about 10" in diameter.
It was introduced to the U.S. through Charleston, Savannah, New York and Philadelphia, but has origins in India.
It was later introduced to the queen of England.
In the Alt Maestrat comarca the mantecada square paper cups are known as "caixetes".
Slices of potato are fried twice, once at 150 °C and a second time after being cooled, at 190 °C.
2012 - Re-engineering of process was successful and was ready for mass production.
It is made with black-eyed peas and rice, chopped onion, sliced bacon, and seasoned with salt.
It was first made around the 12th century in Ferrara, Italy.
Butterscotch is similar to toffee, but for butterscotch the sugar is boiled to the soft crack stage, and not hard crack as with toffee.
Gallo pinto or gallopinto is a traditional dish of Costa Rica and Nicaragua, made with rice and red beans.
In 1928, Long created and pioneered the concept of packaging sliced bread two years before the Wonder brand of packaged sliced bread appeared on store shelves.
The round sides of the cake are coated with ground hazelnuts, chestnuts, walnuts, or almonds, and the caramel topping helps to prevent drying out.
It is often served with shredded cabbage.
They are characterized by their long, fairly wide rectangular shape and curly edges.
The type of dough used may vary a little.
Alternatively gulha may be oven-baked instead of deep-fried.
Hot milk cake gets its distinctive flavor from the scalded milk that is the liquid component of the batter.
It is made with seasoned rice vinegar, minced garlic, ginger, olive oil, chili sauce, scallions, sesame seeds, soy sauce, peppers, honey or corn syrup, and water.
The top sirloin is the most prized of these and is specifically marked for sale under that name.
A pot pie is a type of meat pie with a top crust, generally made in a pot, consisting of flaky pastry.
In some places in the Middle East it is buried in a pit containing burning coal or charcoal to get the smoky flavor.
It is a distinctly Pagan tradition which continues to this day.
Traditionally, aged beef was used for this sausage, that was then smoked at a low temperature such that the meat remained raw.
Kiribath is a traditional Sri Lankan dish made from rice.
CC's were also sold in New Zealand until Bluebird Foods decided to locally produce the American brand Doritos in March 2010.
Although first mass-produced in Los Angeles in the late 1940s, tortilla chips were always considered to be a Mexican food, known as totopos and tostadas.
Rosquillos are Philippine cookies made from flour, eggs, shortening, sugar, and baking powder.
When ugali is made from another starch, it is usually given a specific regional name.
The same name is used for a different dish in Mexican and Tex-Mex cuisines.
Nikkur is the process of making an animal kosher by removing chelev and the gid hanasheh.
The cougnou or bread of Jesus is a bread baked during Christmas time and is typical of the southern Low Countries.
In Madeira, malasadas are eaten mainly on Terça-feira Gorda which is also the last day of the Carnival of Madeira.
Chocolate-covered coffee beans are confections made by coating roasted coffee beans in some kind of chocolate: dark chocolate, milk chocolate, or even white chocolate.
Puri bhaji is a vegetarian dish and is popular in India because it is relatively inexpensive and tasty.
A strudel is a type of layered pastry with a filling that is usually sweet.
Its prominence in British culture is such that in a UK poll it was ranked the number one thing people love about Britain.
This quality makes it more suitable for people on low saturated fat diets.
The main ingredient is a leaf vegetable, traditionally either amaranth, taro or xanthosoma.
A similar dessert is Lancing mess, served throughout the year at Lancing College in West Sussex, England.
Ayam Taliwang is a spicy Indonesian ayam bakar dish from Lombok.
It has a firm yet well-aerated structure, similar to a sea sponge.
Tiger meat is a raw beef dish.
A cheesymite scroll is a baked food item commonly found at Bakers Delight and Brumby's bakeries.
It may be sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar and a touch of peppermint, though whipped cream or honey may be used as well.
Kumis is a dairy product similar to kefir, but is produced from a liquid starter culture, in contrast to the solid kefir "grains".
The vegetables are usually diced and salted, followed by a light dressing of sunflower oil, which are occasionally complemented by vinegar.
Macaroni casserole is a baked macaroni dish.
The finished sweet is usually white or yellow in color depending on the ingredients used for the paste and the proportions of each used.
More than 7 million cakes have been sold since it was introduced in 1990.
It may also be garnished with chopped spring onions, and served with crispy dry noodles.
Traditionally, soups are classified into two main groups: clear soups and thick soups.
Different provinces in various Asian countries have their own serabi recipes corresponding to local tastes.
Horumonyaki has a reputation for being a "stamina building" food.
Bread is often toasted using a toaster, but toaster ovens are also used.
It is a way to prepare a tougher cut of beef.
The Genoese colony present in Cádiz probably contributed to its invention, which might have resulted from the combination of Genoese farinata and Spanish gachuela.
Pepperpot is a stewed meat dish, strongly flavoured with cinnamon, cassareep and other basic ingredients, including Caribbean hot peppers.
Examples of such dishes are Swiss atriau, French crépinette, Cypriot sheftalia, English faggots, and Italian fegatelli.
This variation is known as Gordita de migas.
The dish is believed to be originated from Malaysia, and today also commonly found in Indonesia and Singapore.
A Shrewsbury cake or Shrewsbury biscuit is a classic English dessert, named after Shrewsbury, the county town of Shropshire.
In the Basque language the cake is called "Etxeko biskotxa" or "cake of the house".
The soup is considered a local specialty of Yeongnam and Honam regions, where jaecheop are harvested in the lower reaches of Nakdong River and Seomjin River.
The Leskovac Pljeskavica is an official brand of Serbia.
A very finely ground, commercial iddiyapam flour is sold as a sort of "instant" way to make all of these dishes.
Pictured here is rawon setan, a popular rawon dish from Surabaya.
These ingredients and recipes have been recorded by the Holy Office of the Inquisition and saved to this day in the archives.
Latticed pastry is used as a type of lid on many various tarts and pies.
Sup Kambing or Sop Kambing is a mutton soup commonly found in Malaysian and Indonesian cuisine.
It is flat and round with whitish color, sometimes with dark burnt acquired from grilling process.
A suncake, or taiyang bing, is a popular Taiwanese dessert originally from the city of Taichung, Taiwan.
The name comes from feijão, Portuguese for "beans".
It has been thought of as having the power to calm tensions, or to cause them.
They have no hole and are often filled.
It consists of roughly chopped pork and pork jelly sealed in a hot water crust pastry.
Mainly prepared by baking some soft balls of almond based pastry dipped in thick lemon-flavored sugar syrup, şekerpare is pronounced “sheh-ker-pah-reh” in Turkish.
Ingredients include a characteristic soffritto of onion, celery and carrot, different types of minced or finely chopped beef, often alongside small amounts of fatty pork.
The earliest records of songpyeon date from the Goryeo period.
Millionbøf is a Danish beef dish that is commonly served with potatoes, pasta or rice.
They are popular in the United Kingdom, Ghana, Nigeria, Europe, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Zimbabwe and South Africa.
Removing the oil allows products made with the flour, like white bread, to be stored for longer periods of time avoiding potential rancidity.
It is commonly prepared at home, but before and during Losar is available in Tibetan restaurants in exile communities in India, Bhutan and Nepal.
The province of Castilla y Leon has a distinctive version of lechazo referred to as "Lechazo de Castilla y Leon".
Although "Pascua" literally means "Easter", Chileans use both the words "Navidad" and "Pascua" interchangeably for Christmas.
It is made of peanuts, cashew nuts and sugar and is shaped like a tiny cashew, although it does taste strongly of peanut.
Today, it is the most common to eat tokoroten with a mixture of vinegar and soy sauce, and sometimes nori, hot pepper, or sesame.
However, a branch that is too thin will bend under its own weight if it is freshly cut.
Various vegetables and other ingredients are added for enhanced flavor.
The spicier preparations are believed to be among the world's hottest in terms of chilli content.
Variations include vanilla wafers, vanilla pudding, and cream cheese pudding in the recipe.
Stews are typically cooked at a relatively low temperature, allowing flavors to mingle.
In haute cuisine, hachis Parmentier is a dish made with mashed, baked potato, combined with diced meat and sauce lyonnaise and served in the potato shells.
Yusheng, yee sang or yuu sahng, or Prosperity Toss, also known as lo hei is a Cantonese-style raw fish salad.
The dish is ready when it develops a smooth, elastic texture.
Its natural fermentation provides different strains of indigenous lactic bacteria involved in each fermentation.
Bika Ambon is a dessert from Indonesia.
Common accompaniments of gnocchi include melted butter with sage, pesto, as well as various sauces.
Unrefined, it is commonly used in Mexico, where it has been around for at least 500 years.
The surface of the cake can then be topped with additional ingredients such as ground walnut or powdered cinnamon.
The sandwich began as a portable finger food in the Western world, though over time it has become prevalent worldwide.
Rujak is available everywhere across Indonesia, and there are rich variations within the country.
Whipped cream is cream that is whipped by a whisk or mixer until it is light and fluffy.
It may also be used for shortbread when baked in this particular shape.
A Rönttönen is a traditional sweet Finnish delicacy from Kainuu.
It is also not without risk – improper production can lead to illness and death through botulism.
Mixed with fruit, it becomes crème plombières.
It is a protein-rich food that is a staple in Nigeria.
The dish consists of a traditional chicken curry, vade, onions, lemon juice and solkadhi.
Liptauer is a spicy cheese spread made with sheep milk cheese, goat cheese, quark, or cottage cheese.
Whether buttercream with no butter or a butter equivalent can rightly be called buttercream is debated among bakers, pastry chefs, and cake decorators.
This soup is also high in nutritional value, consisting of ingredients such as lycopene from the tomatoes, which can reduce the possibility of cancer.
Maids of Honor tart is a traditional English baked tart consisting of a puff pastry shell filled with cheese curds.
Rose hip soup, is a soup made of rose hips and is a popular delicacy in Sweden.
A comparable dish is char kway teow, a popular dish in Singapore and Malaysia.
The filling is stuffed into pork intestine with a diameter of 32 to 36 mm.
It is a small sweet prepared using cheese or requeijão, eggs, milk, and sugar.
Another theory is that the club sandwich was invented in an exclusive Saratoga Springs, New York gambling club in the late 19th century.
It first spread to the walled villages in New Territories, Hong Kong, and then to the rest of the territory.
Mushrooms, potatoes, or cheese may be used in place of meat.
Fish tea is a spicy soup in Caribbean cuisine and Jamaican cuisine.
Yong tau foo is eaten in numerous ways, either dry with a sauce or served as a soup dish.
This confection is the modern version of a medicinal confection made from Althaea officinalis, the marshmallow plant.
The dish can also be made sweet or spicy depending on the ingredients jaggery and chillies respectively.
Lechona and/or also known as lechon asado is a popular Colombian dish.
In this version, the semolina dough is lined with date paste, rolled into a log and then sliced, fried and dipped in honey.
A crépinette is a small, flattened sausage, sometimes referred to as a sausage parcel.
The dish is often served with French fries.
Krafne from Eastern Europe also include a jelly-filled variety.
Lou mei is the Cantonese name given to dishes made by braising in a sauce known as a master stock or lou sauce.
The dough is shaped into balls and fried in hot vegetable oil until reaching a golden color.
In India, khichari usually refers to any of a large variety of legume-and-rice dishes.
It is a typical dessert in Northern Italy.
A puftaloon is a fried scone, a kind of quick bread, known to be cooked in Australia.
Bouillon is the French word for broth, and is usually used as a synonym for it.
The gujhia is filled with a mixture of grated and roasted dry fruits, khoya, coconuts and to add a grainy texture, a little suji.
In the mid-19th century, modern cakes were first described in English.
See the brotherhood of all mankind as the highest order of Yogis; conquer your own mind, and conquer the world.
Two of the best-known kebab dishes in the West are shish kebab and doner kebab.
Variations of yeot are named for their secondary ingredients, as follows.
They can either be decorated by hand or be made in special wooden moulds.
Red bean paste or red bean jam, also called adzuki bean paste, is a paste made of red beans, used in Chinese, Japanese, and Korean cuisine.
Other fish species used include threadfin breams; grey mullets; and sardines.
A tomato omelette is a breakfast dish in South India.
Buddha Jumps Over the Wall, also known as Buddha's Temptation, is a variety of shark fin soup in Fujian cuisine.
Pashofa, or pishofa, is a Chickasaw and Choctaw Indian soupy dish made from cracked white cracked corn, also known as pearl hominy.
They can be roasted, grilled, fried, baked, braised, or smoked.
The mixture is combined in a bowl until it thickly coats the back of a spoon.
Maíz con hielo is a sweet and refreshing snack food in the Philippines.
As a reformatory measure, the Bavarian government intended to institute workhouses for those on welfare.
The manufactured version is sweet in taste and colored orange-to-red from the use of paprika and tomatoes.
The preparation of haleem has been compared to that of Hyderabadi biryani.
Cocoa solids are a source of flavonoids and alkaloids, such as theobromine, phenethylamine and caffeine.
Sukuti is a Nepali dish or more accurately a type of meat which is served along with some other dishes.
It is commonly spiced with pepper and sage.
Hippolyte Mège-Mouriès created it in France, in 1869.
The baking also thickens the texture more than the reaction alone.
It may also contain fresh shrimp, crab, squid, chicken or other proteins.
There is also a local sausage in parts of Småland known as "potatiskorv", mentioned in the Emil children's books by Astrid Lindgren.
His company later sold the original hardtack crackers used by troops during the American Civil War.
The Basler Läckerli is a traditional hard spice biscuit originating from Basel, Switzerland.
Wet walnuts or just walnut topping is a dessert topping made from walnuts and maple syrup.
A Pletzel or pletzl is type of Jewish flatbread similar to focaccia.
In 2003 Pane di Altamura was granted PDO status within Europe.
Banchan are served in small portions, meant to be finished at each meal and are replenished during the meal if not enough.
It is prepared in a Dutch oven, where it is slow-cooked until gelatinous.
Before baking, this depression is filled with diced onions and other ingredients, including garlic, poppy seeds, or bread crumbs.
Angel wings are a traditional sweet crisp pastry made out of dough that has been shaped into thin twisted ribbons, deep-fried and sprinkled with powdered sugar.
Other components of the dish include vegetables; spices, and other ingredients.
It looks similar to grits, but is smoother in texture since it is made with ground wheat kernels instead of ground corn.
Dahi puri and pani puri chaats are often sold from the same vendor.
It is named after Dame Nellie Melba, the stage name of Australian opera singer Helen Porter Mitchell.
In Kazakhstan the drink is known as shubat, and is a staple summer food.
Sorullos are served as a side dish or as appetizers, and are sometimes stuffed with cheese.
Churma is a popular Haryanvi, Rajasthani, Bihari, Uttar Pradesi, and Awadhi delicacy.
It is considered a breakfast staple, and remains popular in Singapore.
Penuche is a fudge-like candy made from brown sugar, butter, and milk, using no flavorings except for vanilla.
Not to be confused with batter-fried okra which involves deep frying, this dish is just stir fried or sautéed lightly.
The texture of this sweet is similar to fudge.
It is made from egg yolks, sugar, and flavourings such as honey, vanilla, cocoa or rum, similar to eggnog.
It is served in certain specialty restaurants in the United States.
Slightly different names may be used in different regions of Indonesia, such as ketan item in Javanese areas, and bubuh injin or bubuh injun in Bali.
In Australia, Arnotts manufactures a related product called Honey Jumbles.
In baking and pastry making, streusel is a crumbly topping of flour, butter, and sugar that is baked on top of muffins, breads, pies, and cakes.
Because of cucumber's cooling nature, cucumber sandwiches are often eaten in the summer months or in warmer climates, such as in parts of India.
A Zeeuwse bolus or Zeeuwse bolussen is a sweet pastry of Jewish origin from the Dutch province of Zeeland.
Available women would generally wear a piece of their preferred topping in their hair.
It is part of the Moroccan cuisine.
A spiced bun is a sweet bun to which spices were added during the making process.
A version has also been featured in an Indonesian-English reader.
It is usually made from cold, leftover barbecued meat which is stewed with various other ingredients.
Unlike a cake or loaf of bread that would be shared among many people, candies are usually made in smaller pieces.
The cooking reduces the sauce so that by the end the meat is almost being fried.
It consists of wide, flat rice noodles fried with squid slices, bean sprouts, prawns, steamed garden pea, spring onion, pepper and dark soy sauce.
In Japan, soba noodles are served in a variety of settings throughout Japan, but are also served by expensive specialty restaurants.
Finnish meetvursti resembles the Dutch metworst or salami: it is dry, hard, strong-flavored and dense, and is eaten as a cold cut on bread.
Paila marina is a traditional Chilean seafood soup or light stew usually served in a paila.
Rabbit pie is part of traditional American and English cuisine.
In major towns like Mumbai, Pune, Indore, Bhopal, Jaipur and Nagpur, it is available as street food and is widely eaten throughout the year.
It is an important feature of the traditional Irish breakfast.
Often crushed roasted coffee beans are put on top of the chantilly as decoration.
This has led to an alternate name for the dish being "Peas, beans & potatoes".
They may have originated in another languages, but are used to describe notions related to Ukraine.
Finally, the seeds are cracked into smaller pieces so they resemble a green bulgur.
They are sweet and served for breakfast or dessert.
The meat and fat are chopped in thin bits, seasoned with salt, pepper, nutmeg, oregano, and garlic and then inserted in thick natural pork intestines.
Its crumbly and moist form is called chhena in eastern India and in Bangladesh.
"If a product looks like something else, it's easy not to be aware that it might contain a lot of alcohol," a public health official observed.
There are hundreds of shops that produce Sohan Halwa in Multan.
Zheng was private chef of a senior local official in his early years.
Rinderbraten, also known as Marinierter Rinderbraten, is a dish of German origin whose name means "beef roast".
Baeckeoffe is a French casserole dish that is typical in the French region of Alsace, situated on the border with Germany.
It is made from sour, salted cucumbers and potato.
Khao piak sen is a rice noodle soup that is a part of traditional Laotian cuisine.
Güllaç is considered as being the origin of baklava.
It is in the form of a very spicy stew that is served with rice.
However, gumbo includes filé powder and okra, which are not common in jambalaya.
Ripper is the slang term for a type of hot dog.
Dhonas is an Indian sweet made from jackfruit or cucumber, rava, coconut and jaggery.
The person most often connected with the history of this salad is Louis Diat, chef of the Ritz-Carlton in New York City during the 1940s.
The words gammon, ham and bacon are sometimes used interchangeably.
The top of the pie is decorated with powdered sugar, masked by an imprint of the Cross of Saint James which gives the pastry its name.
Ash reshteh also known as Ash-e reshteh is a type of āsh featuring reshteh, kashk, commonly made in Iran and Azerbaijan.
Historical records on galbitang are found in records on table setting for Korean royal court banquets held in the 1890s.
They are floured before being fried in olive oil.
Bean Jar is a local dish of the Channel Island of Guernsey.
The dough is prepared by beating butter, sugar and spices and combining them.
Some of these types of dumplings may be bread-like in texture.
It is also eaten on its own, roasted or fried.
Garry Weston worked for his father's business in Australia before taking over his family's business in England.
Cider doughnuts are a harvest tradition in autumn in the northeastern United States and are sometimes sold at cider mills.
Āshpaz translates to stew maker, or cook of stew.
Historically it had greater political and economic importance than at present.
Some restaurants use clarified butter in place of olive oil.
Ceviche is a seafood dish popular in the coastal regions of Latin America and the Caribbean.
The dough is cooked in meat broth.
Rumaki or rumake is an hors d'oeuvre of tiki culture origin.
Pohay or Pohe is an Indian dish prepared in the Indian states of Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Telengana, Karnataka and Gujarat.
It is often eaten with sugo d'umido and ragù di pollo.
In the southern United States, eating Hoppin' John on New Year's Day is thought to bring a prosperous year filled with luck.
It was originally invented for the 1958 Brussels World Fair.
Through this process, the dish gets its distinct sweet flavour; nowadays, however, corn syrup can be added to give it sweetness.
Kalburabastı or Kalburabasma, and sometimes also known under the name of Hurma, are Turkish syrup-drenched pastries that have a riddled appearance.
Cozonac may be sprinkled with poppy seeds on top.
Don't spread the mix with spoon or anything, just shake the tray horizontally.
It often includes onions and parsley, which kebapche does not.
Atkins promptly set up his biscuit baking business and became rich.
The Dominostein was invented in 1936 by Herbert Wendler in Dresden.
Crispy fried chicken is a standard dish in the Cantonese cuisine of southern China and Hong Kong.
Depending on recipe and cooking method it may be either a flaky potato pie, or a heavy potato pudding.
Dried beans have to be soaked overnight.
They are also mildly tart and tangy in flavor, due to citric acid and malic acid which are sometimes crystals that coat the sweets.
The ingredients of the marinade vary based on regional styles and traditions throughout Germany.
Common ingredients include potatoes, carrots, green and red chili peppers, dried red chili peppers, scallions, onions, garlic, ginger, gochujang, gochutgaru, soy sauce, and sesame oil.
However, the modern day banmian is mainly made by using a pasta maker which cuts noodles in all sizes.
Champ is an Irish dish, made by combining mashed potatoes and chopped scallion with butter, milk, cheese and optionally, salt and pepper.
The name derives from the preparation technique that requires to rip both the peppers and the fish in fine strips.
In Kyrgyz cuisine naryn is an finely chopped lamb meat with onion sauce.
Paprenjak are a traditional biscuit made in Croatia.
The term brittle first appears in print in 1892, though the candy itself has been around for much longer.
Cookies and Cream is a variety of ice cream and milkshake based on flavoring from chocolate cookies.
Dahi chutney is strained yogurt that is mixed into a chutney of mint and onions.
Like many Italian sausages, it has a characteristic fermented flavor.
Bigilla is a traditional Maltese dish, made of mashed beans.
As with many Mexican dishes, regional and family variations are quite common.
Some variations add garlic or lettuce, or use couscous instead of bulgur.
Kharcho can be made using beef, lamb, pork, chicken or goose.
Spoon sweets are sweet preserves, served in a spoon as a gesture of hospitality in Greece, the Balkans, parts of the Middle East, and Russia.
Hortobágyi palacsinta is a savoury Hungarian pancake, filled with meat.
Kansar is a sweet dessert dish from the Gujarat in Indian subcontinent, whose main ingredients are cracked wheat and jaggery.
Sugar cookies may be formed by hand or rolled and cut into shapes.
If tomatoes are included, they are typically limited relative to the meat, making it a meat stew rather than a tomato sauce with added meat.
An annual World Dock Pudding Championship is held at the local community centre in the village of Mytholmroyd.
Refined wheat flour with sugar is made into layered dough, with or without dry fruit or other stuffing, and lightly fried in oil to make khaja.
It quickly spread to other states, appearing in at least 47 state fairs in 2007.
Freeze drying removes water from the ice cream by lowering the air pressure to a point where ice sublimates from a solid to a gas.
It is different from sambar and other similar dishes in that it is less spicy and does not contain tamarind.
Amok can also be eaten with rice.
In the United States, there is no legal standard of definition for gelato as there is for ice cream, which must contain at least 10% butterfat.
Depending widely on the ingredients and the process used, mint chocolate can give off a very distinctive mint fragrance.
Some shops provide colorful varieties by using two or more different syrups.
In 1986, during labor unrest at a production plant, razor blades were found in two packages of the product, but there was no recall.
Today, Tula gingerbreads are made at the confectionery factories of Staraya Tula and Yasnaya Polyana and by several smaller companies.
Salmorejo is also the name given to a marinade typical of Canary Islands cuisine.
The bread contains some coconut milk, and is starchy and slightly sweet.
Such desserts are found on many continents, especially Asia where rice is a staple.
Dovga is a national meal of Azerbaijani cuisine, a soup traditionally made from plain yoghurt and herbs.
A smaller version of anelli is anellini, which is about one-quarter of the size.
Yamagata Prefecture in particular is famous for its imoni, but other prefectures in the region also have their own different varieties.
The energy content is 160 calories per 28 grams.
Dried meat is a feature of many cuisines around the world.
The chitarra is a frame with a series of parallel wires crossing it.
As a consequence the product may also be known as 'fridge cake' or another similar term.
A Stutenkerl belongs to the Saint Nicholas tradition in the German-speaking countries.
The sausages are hot smoked and heat-cured at about 70 °C.
Grits are of American origin and are similar to other thick maize-based porridges from around the world such as polenta and mieliepap.
For example, it serves as a flavour for other desserts and drinks.
The name Strawberry Delight has also been given to hosta and fuchsia.
Standard toppings are kamaboko, sliced scallion and a thick slice of stewed san-mai niku or soki, and usually garnished with beni shōga.
The pasta dough is rolled-out into a thin sheet, cut into strips three to four centimetres wide, and placed over each other.
With growing demand and innovation, more varieties of the original preparation are available.
Sticky buns have been consumed since the Middle Ages, at which time cinnamon became more prominent.
As a consequence kalvdans is very rarely prepared in Swedish households today.
Blood sausages are sausages filled with blood that are cooked or dried and mixed with a filler until they are thick enough to solidify when cooled.
American and European-style chutneys are usually fruit, vinegar, and sugar cooked down to a reduction, with added flavourings.
Saag or sag is a leaf-based dish eaten in the Indian subcontinent with bread such as roti or naan, or rice.
It soon became popular all over the USSR.
Kaymak has a high percentage of milk fat, typically about 60%.
Many Swiss people consider rösti to be a national dish.
Some contain egg whites, which would make them unacceptable to vegans.
In contrast to the other chocolate-coated marshmallow-like confectioneries they normally do not include a biscuit layer.
Totopos are best known as originating from Zapotec peoples of the isthmus of Tehuantepec region of the Mexican state of Oaxaca.
In Thailand a very similar dish is known as mi kathi, a noodle dish popularly eaten as lunch in the Central Region.
Mangsher ghugni has been described as a "Kolkata trademark".
It is made by mixing together freshly chopped cucumber, green chillies, and curd or yogurt, and optionally finely chopped tomato and onion.
It is then deep-fried and can be accompanied with salsa, guacamole, sour cream, and/or cheese.
The taste is slightly sweet with a nutty flavor.
Piroshki can be of a reasonable size, slightly smaller than a hamburger, with several eaten as a meal unto themselves.
A baked potato is fully cooked when its internal temperature reaches 99 °C.
Skilpadjies is a traditional South African food, also known by other names such as muise, vlermuise and pofadder.
Rendered waterfowl fat is also used in the cuisine of Southwestern France.
On the day of Daeboreum, the first full moon of the year, Koreans eat boreum namul(보름나물, "full moon namul") with five-grain rice.
Varieties of khinkali spread from there across different parts of the Caucasus.
It was made popular in North America by Eastern European immigrants from the Pale of Settlement.
The Millburn Deli in Millburn NJ is one of the most famous and successful of the Sloppy Joe providers.
A melt sandwich is a type of sandwich containing bread and some type of filling that is seasoned with cheese, sometimes grated.
In Taiwan, turnip cake is also commonly eaten as part of a breakfast.
The dish may be seasoned as needed, and more ingredients can be added, such as onions, pearl onions, strips of pepper or paprika.
The vegetables are mixed then with the stock, cream, boiled potatoes and marinated and boiled conger.
Chocolate fish have a conventional fish-shape and a length of 5 to 8 centimetres.
The item consists of the obliquus internus abdominis muscle from the bottom sirloin butt.
Black Forest gâteau and Black Forest cake are the English names for the German dessert Schwarzwälder Kirschtorte, literally "Black Forest cherry-torte", where it originated.
Pofadder is the largest version, the size of a man's forearm.
HP Sauce has a tomato base, blended with malt vinegar and spirit vinegar, sugars, dates, cornflour, rye flour, salt, spices and tamarind.
Despite its many variations, it is usually a thick porridge of rice largely disintegrated after prolonged cooking in water.
A third possibility is that Reutlingen baker Albrecht Mutschler invented the shape in the 14th century.
Fish consommés usually have too little natural gelatin, so the fish stock may be double-cooked or supplemented.
Kruidnoten]) are a cookie-like confectionery, traditionally associated with the early December Sinterklaas holiday in the Netherlands.
It is recognized as a traditional Italian food product in the Prodotto agroalimentare tradizionale scheme of the Italian government.
The pies are also associated with the Nation of Islam movement and Elijah Muhammad, who encouraged their consumption instead of richer foods associated with soul food.
They may also contain tapioca and wheat flour.
Paaya means feet in Hindi and Urdu.
Hirayachi is “a savory Okinawan crepe with leeks."
Salumi include bresaola, which is made from beef, and also cooked products such as mortadella and prosciutto cotto.
It is very similar to the Belgian spread sirop de Liège.
A salmis is a preparation from classical French cooking.
Typically Gâteau Basque is constructed from layers of a wheat flour based cake with a filling of either almond or vanilla pastry cream, or preserved cherries.
Afelia is usually served with potato dish, bulgur and yogurt.
It is served in many Cuban communities in the United States.
It is made of pork, barley groats and potato.
The mitsumame usually comes with a small pot of sweet black syrup, or kuromitsu which one pours onto the jelly before eating.
A variation on the dish is samseon ulmyeon.
The other ingredients for the mixture are milk, sugar, flour and warm water.
The Low German word mett, meaning minced pork without bacon, is derived from the Old Saxon word meti, and is related to the English word 'meat'.
Ostropel is a typical Romanian stew that is primarily made from chicken mixed with a thick tomato sauce.
Country Captain is a curried chicken and rice dish, which is popular in the Southern United States.
Compared to takoyaki, akashiyaki has a softer, more eggy texture.
Common ingredients include beans, onions, celery, carrots, stock, and tomatoes.
It is regarded as a treat for attendees of gurmat seminars.
Amaretti di Saronno are unrelated to Amaretto liqueur, which is produced by two other companies based in Saronno - ILLVA and PLF.
Bionico is a popular Mexican dessert that originated in the city of Guadalajara in Jalisco, Mexico, in the early 1990s.
They are made from an enriched dough covered in a thin layer of crisp cookie dough.
It is one of the most standard pastries in Hong Kong.
Pindjur is similar to ajvar but is generally made with aubergines.
In its traditional form the dish is not hot, but it could be spiced up by adding powdered cayenne pepper.
Due to its origins, it bears striking similarities with Chinese tea eggs.
It is a soup made of vegetables and beef.
Usually eaten for breakfast, today the dish is being consumed more and more throughout the day.
It is part of Malaysian Chinese cuisine.
The name Nan gyi refers to the round thick rice noodles used while "thoke" means salad.
It is further thickened by tempering an egg yolk mixed with vinegar, which is then added to the soup.
Queen of Puddings is a traditional British dessert, consisting of a baked, breadcrumb-thickened mixture, spread with jam and topped with meringue.
Like hominy, samp is prepared from groats of maize, but the two are produced by different processes.
After being formed into a loaf and cooked, the loaf is kept whole so it can be sliced and served cold as deli meat.
Salt, bouillon cube, dried crayfish, vegetable oil and other seasonings are added to taste.
In Italy, outside of tuscany, they are also sometimes called "strangolapreti" or simply as "gnocchi di ricotta e spinaci".
The dry, powdered variety can be stored in bottles and will last up to four weeks.
In the United States, the name Spritzgebäck is often shortened to spritz becoming known as the spritz cookie.
Many of the responses were scotcheroos so she published a healthier version in the book.
It is made of ladyfingers dipped in coffee, layered with a whipped mixture of eggs, sugar, and mascarpone cheese, flavoured with cocoa.
In 2014 a UK survey declared the Chocolate Hobnob the nation's favourite biscuit.
Compared to regular bread dough, sweet roll dough generally has higher levels of sugar, fat, eggs, and yeast.
The bun has either butter cream or whipped cream filling down the middle with coconut sprinkles on the outside.
Boat noodles are commonly served with pork crackling and basil or sweet basil.
A Hot Brown Sandwich is an American hot sandwich originally created at the Brown Hotel in Louisville, Kentucky, by Fred K. Schmidt in 1926.
It is also popular in Israel, where it was introduced by Yemenite Jews who immigrated there.
The preferred spices are black pepper, cumin and salt.
A top-crust pie has the filling in the bottom of the dish and is covered with a pastry or other covering before baking.
Examples of a Torte made from a base Kuchen include the Jewish Palacsinken Torte and Mohn Torte.
It is used as a dip for potato chips, crackers, bread, and crudités.
It can be consumed with idli podi as well.
It is a thick pudding prepared from rice flour and is usually served with different types of soups like Miyan kuka.
The dish is eaten by dipping raw, boiled or roasted vegetables, especially cardoon, carrot, peppers, fennel, celery, cauliflower, artichokes, and onions.
It contains a significant amount of sugar, traditionally added as nib sugar, though sometimes sugar cubes are used.
A Franzbrötchen is a small, sweet pastry, baked with butter and cinnamon.
Focaccia is a flat oven-baked Italian bread product similar in style and texture to pizza doughs.
The liquid part is known as toraṇi.
In Andhra Pradesh it is also called roti pacchadi.
In American cuisine, ribs usually refers to barbecue pork ribs, or sometimes beef ribs, which are served with various barbecue sauces.
Derivatives of the basic sponge cake idea include the American chiffon cake and the Latin American tres leches cake.
A similar European dish is known as aubergine fritters.
It is a thin roll made from a wide strip of shahe fen, filled with shrimp, pork, beef, vegetables, or other ingredients.
In Elizabethan times, "collops" came to refer specifically to slices of bacon.
English words of Ukrainian origin are words in the English language that have been borrowed or derived from the Ukrainian language.
It is quite similar with es campur and es teler although with different contents.
Cream mitsumame is mitsumame with ice cream on top.
An amount of Japanese curry is wrapped in a piece of dough, and the dough coated in bread crumbs, and deep fried.
Kürtőskalács is a spit cake specific to Hungarian-speaking regions in Romania, more predominantly the Székely land.
The main ingredient of this soup is beef and it can be mixed with innards such as intestine, liver, lungs, heart, tripe, or cow brain.
It is formed into a breadstick and then usually fried in oil for 6 minutes at 400 °F.
It is popular in the Netherlands, where they were first made in the city of Gouda.
Baati is a hard, unleavened bread cooked in most of areas of Rajasthan, and in some parts of Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat.
Scraps of meat left over from butchering, not used or sold elsewhere, were made into scrapple to avoid waste.
An old variant of corn gorditas uses masa quebrada where the corn meal is coarsely ground, leaving bits of broken grain.
Kebabs are a popular dish in Mughlai cuisine.
The dark pink candy is usually formed into discs two millimeter thick, and packaged in cylindrical stacks with label art resemblant of Chinese fireworks.
Anfu ham is made of ham which is smoked by fire.
It is very quick to prepare: the ingredients are combined and it can be chilled, if desired.
Snickerdoodles are characterized by a cracked surface and can be crisp or soft depending on the ingredients used.
Papa a la Huancaína is a Peruvian appetizer of boiled yellow potatoes in a spicy, creamy sauce called Huancaína sauce.
They can be eaten raw, but for added taste, some prefer to cook them in water with spices added for flavouring.
In developed countries, chickens are typically subject to intensive farming methods.
Sizes, maize types, and added ingredients vary its preparation.
The sweet is made by first melting maltose, then adding to it various ingredients and continuously stirring the mixture.
Sometimes other ingredients are also added to create different tastes and styles of sopes.
Another simple recipe of callos is boiling the tripe until tender, slicing it into strips and cooking it in pork and beans with bell peppers.
Kendal Mint Cake is a glucose-based confection flavoured with peppermint.
Praline is usually used as a filling in chocolates or other sweets.
Some vary the protein, for example, a "breakfast club" that includes eggs or a "roast beef club."
It consists of a wheat flour based bread, traditionally baked in the coals of a campfire or in a camp oven.
Rotini originated from Southern Italy and the tight twists help them retain a wide variety of sauces better.
This hot candy is then mixed with popped popcorn, and allowed to cool.
It is seasoned with garlic, salt, black and white peppercorns, and red or white wine.
A tea loaf is an English cake, made with fruit and cinnamon, and traditionally served sliced and spread with butter.
Steckrübeneintopf is a German dish that, today, is especially common in North Germany.
In fact, Romanian gastronomy uses with hardly any discrimination the Turkish word ciorbă, borș or, sometimes, zeamă or acritură.
Green chilies, ginger and onions are used in variants.
Vegetable Macedonia or Macédoine de légumes nowadays is usually a cold salad or hors d'oeuvre of diced vegetables, in France often including red beans.
It is also very common during the Festa Junina, an annual festivity that celebrates the caipira lifestyle.
Liquorice allsorts consist of assorted liquorice sugar candies sold as a mixture.
The boba is made out of tapioca starch, becoming gelatinous when cooked.
Almond butter may be either raw or roasted, describing the almonds themselves prior to grinding.
The most common color being red, tutti-frutti are also available in rich green and yellow colors.
In French cuisine, it is often enriched with butter, milk, cream, or egg yolk.
Āsh can be considered a full meal or a first course.
Sometimes a small amount of poppy seeds is added to the batter.
Its defining ingredients are rice and a fried egg.
Other flavor variations include passion fruit, mango, and berries such as raspberries, cranberries or blackberries.
The pie was created initially for Kilmarnock Football Club and sold at their stadium, Rugby Park, for 13 years.
184 is obtained from 182 after removing the bottom sirloin.
Though the product contained less fat than bacon, it was still 37% fat by weight, causing complaints that the "lean" name was not accurate.
Waffles are eaten throughout the world, particularly in Belgium, which has over a dozen regional varieties.
Lontong cap go meh usually consumed by Chinese Indonesian community during Cap go meh celebration.
Another way to prepare frico consists in cooking diced potatoes in a large flat pan with little oil and onions, adding water now and then.
It is common to marinate the chunks in minced onion, lemon juice and sometimes saffron.
After the dough is mixed and cooled, it is pressed into fluted tins.
The dough is then baked over coals, not flames.
The flavor is distinguished by the herb, cilantro, and a dash of sour orange juice.
Steamed bread is a kind of bread, typically made from wheat, that is prepared by steaming instead of baking.
Normally a portion is a whole poussin per person.
Some recipes of Sandesh call for the use of chhena or paneer instead of milk itself.
Traditionally, the hawker inserts two bamboo skewers into the cake to turn it out and the eater holds the skewers to consume.
A similar derivative of baozi has also been incorporated into Thai cuisine where it is called salapao.
It is part of the Salentine street food tradition and is possible see it in each Apulian bar, bakery and rotisserie.
Flattening the chhena into palm-sized patties is done in order to allow them to absorb the milk more readily.
After a lull in popularity during the 1980s, a revival campaign, featuring Wallace & Gromit, was run in 1999.
Dishes made with the sauce often include peanuts, peanut sauce, or peanut butter.
A cream sauce is often poured over it while it is hot, and it is usually served hot with custard and/or ice-cream.
In İzmir, simit is known as gevrek, although it is very similar to the Istanbul variety.
The anmitsu usually comes with a small pot of sweet black syrup, or mitsu which one pours onto the jelly before eating.
They are particularly prized in Chinese culture due to their rarity, and supposedly high nutritional value and exquisite flavor.
Its popularity was passed on to the New England colonies sufficiently to be included in American Cookery.
It is primarily composed of ground meat, pin-head oats and spices.
Baingan bharta is a South Asian dish, that originated in Punjab, bearing a resemblance to baba ghanoush.
Nasi goreng has been called the national dish of Indonesia, though there are many other contenders.
Pecel is also very popular in Suriname, where it was introduced by the Javanese Surinamese.
Since the introduction of the potato to Germany in the seventeenth century, Schupfnudeln have also been made with potatoes.
Bánh bía, sometimes spelled bánh pía, is a type of Vietnamese cuisine bánh.
The origin of the dish is uncertain, but it is believed to have been invented in the early 19th century.
The year of the appearance of brem in Java is estimated about 1000, based on investigations in the old Javanese inscriptions and literature.
Thekua or Khajuria or Thikari is a dry sweet from autonomous State It is very popular in Bihar, Jharkhand and eastern Uttar Pradesh.
Beans and acorn flour could be added.
Elsewhere, some sausages sold as chorizo may not be fermented and cured, and require cooking before eating.
Ducana is often served with salt cod and what the islanders call "chop-up" which is a mixture of spinach, eggplant and okra.
In Indonesian, dadar literally means "omelette" or "pancake" while gulung means "to roll".
British Coffee cake is a sponge flavoured with coffee.
In Alsace, a considerable tradition incorporates a pinch of cinnamon.
Primary ingredients of mutton curry include mutton, onion, tomato and spices.
When an ice pop does not have a stick, it is called, among other names, a freezie.
Milmyeon is a Korean dish of long and thin noodles similar to naengmyeon, representing the dishes of Busan.
In some case, tteok is pounded from cooked grains.
While it is called “Scotland’s National Soup,” it probably originated as a chicken and onion soup in France.
It is the smallest type of pasta produced.
The second stage, ræstur, is of less predictable length, and provides dried meat suitable for eating without cooking.
Add 1/2 hard-cooked egg for each portion.
In Punjab Pakistan it is also known as lamboo roti.
It is usually eaten by hand, without the use of utensils.
Rotelle is a type of pasta resembling wheels with spokes.
Salmon Tartare is prepared with fresh raw salmon and seasonings "Tuna tartare cosinado" discoverd by Mrs. Tunie.
In the Western world, they are also known as rice dumplings or sticky rice dumplings.
By the late 19th century the marmalade was shipping as far afield as Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, India and China.
Fried bread is a slice of bread which is fried.
Though occasionally using whipped cream to lighten it, this is traditionally a millefeuille cream.
Examples are the quiche lorraine, custard tart, and the South African melktert.
Unlike gelatin desserts, tokoroten has a firmer texture.
Hobnobs is the brand name of a commercial biscuit.
In the regions of the former GDR, a common dish is sliced Jagdwurst coated in breadcrumbs and fried, often in butter.
In the U.S. state of Indiana, it is considered one of two legendary local dishes; the other being sugar cream pie.
A thinner version of linguine is called linguettine.
Blondies are not usually frosted; the brown sugar tends to be sweet enough.
Angels on horseback differ from the similar, fruit-based, devils on horseback, but the dishes' names are sometimes erroneously considered synonyms.
Shaving produces a very fine ice that appears snow-like.
Rumford's charge was to provide the cheapest possible ration that was still a high-calorie, nutritious food.
In contemporary Mexico, the term is used for a number of sauces, some quite dissimilar, including black, red/colorado, yellow, green, almendrado, de olla, huaxmole and pipián.
He found them delicious and named them after the maids.
In some traditional recipes ryynimakkaras are prepared with no meat at all.
Glucono delta-lactone is added to lower the pH and add to shelf life.
A variation of the recipe adds stripes of pickled gherkin.
Due to its popularity in India, Bikaner, SweetDabba and similar vendors, have also made a sugar free version of this sweet.
Hokey pokey is a flavour of ice cream in New Zealand, consisting of plain vanilla ice cream with small, solid lumps of honeycomb toffee.
During the five nights of Kandil, these pastries are baked and offered to neighbors and relatives.
The sweet has depiction in the Hindu mythological scripture about Lakshmi serving Vishnu and Madhusudana with it.
They are presented in the form of a braid.
The dish is often topped with condiments such as sour cream and guacamole.
Tlačenka is the Czech and Slovak variety of head cheese similar to Polish salceson.
Another popular combination is to serve Thai papaya salad together with this noodle.
The seeds of the cacao tree have an intense bitter taste and must be fermented to develop the flavor.
In Calabrian cuisine, zippuli are made with fried potatoes and anchovies.
Sometimes the fillings inside ada would be Chakkavaratti.
The cakes are about 1/2", with a criss-cross pattern scored across the top, representing the fishing nets.
In Brunei and in the Malaysian states of Sabah, it is known as jelurut.
For Saint Peter, the Moldovan prepare alivenci.
The name is also used for a baked cheese and vegetable dumpling, prepared in some regions of Italy and in the French island of Corsica.
The sandwich is particularly popular in New England and has been proposed as the official state sandwich of Massachusetts.
A chili burger is a type of hamburger.
A variation known as an Emerald Salad replaces celery with cauliflower.
It is used either as a smooth covering or in sharp peaks.
Traditionally, the filling was buttercream but nowadays cheaper fats have replaced butter in mass-produced biscuits.
As it has a very high sugar and oil content, visitors may ask the Sewadar for a small portion.
The bread is then stuffed through the cuts with oil and minced garlic before baking.
However, some fast food outlets still follow the traditional method, and some serve milkshakes which are prepared by blending soft-serve ice cream with flavoring or syrups.
It was included in a cookbook for schools in 1896.
The pie was eaten around the world in the 1900s, though outside South West England it generally did contain pigeon.
Agemochi is a popular Japanese snack food made from fried mochi.
Lai fun is a short and thick variety of Chinese noodles.
It is a variation on the dish ducana which originated in Africa.
It became popular in the 18th century through the Habsburg Empire.
It is used in making sweets and yokan, as a coffee and tea sweetener, in dipping sauces at sushi restaurants, and in baking at home.
The word fricot has its origins in 18th century France where it was used to mean a feast.
Lo mai gai, is a classic dim sum dish served during yum cha.
They were created in 1987 and sell the most during Christmas Time.
Jerusalem mixed grill is a grilled meat dish considered a specialty of Jerusalem.
Prekmurska gibanica is a type of Slovenian gibanica or layered pastry.
It is mainly popular with the rural folk of Karnataka.
It is used as the base for other sauces.
The dish is known to have existed as far back as the 15th century, when it was called kalya.
In the past, mi rebus was sold by mobile hawkers who carried two baskets over a pole.
Honda became the second-largest Japanese automobile manufacturer in 2001.
It is prepared for the Norooz New Year's celebration in the south of Iran.
Puffcorn is a similar food, without cheese flavoring.
The piles are carefully set on fire so only the straw and chaff burn, not the seeds.
It is made of white bread, potatoes, tomatoes, sliced cheese and milk.
When used as a dessert, it is commonly combined with a sweetener such as sugar.
These cookies are popular not only in Norway but also among Norwegian immigrant descendants in New England and the American Midwest.
Usually, chilaquiles are eaten at breakfast or brunch.
Turkish Jews add brandy to the dough and Moroccan Jews eat them with cinnamon and syrup.
A small-scale industry on the food product soon grew, with the pastillas made from either carabao or cow milk or both.
Saffron rice is found in the cuisines of many countries.
One story goes that a Westerner came across the dish "sweetened soya sauce chicken wings" in a restaurant, and asked a Chinese waiter what that was.
The cherry symbolises the heart of the bird.
In Chinese, "牛肉麵" literally means "beef noodles".
Mämmi is traditionally made of water, rye flour, and powdered malted rye, seasoned salt, and dried powdered Seville orange zest.
It now appears on dessert menus in other restaurants.
Vlaai, also known as Limburgse vlaai, is a pie or tart consisting of a pastry and filling.
Typical fillings include potato, sauerkraut, ground meat, cheese, and fruits.
In New England they are called "sea biscuits", as they were staples aboard whaling ships.
Spiced rice is common among the people of Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts of Karnataka, and is seen in other parts of Asia.
This dish is famous not only because of its delicious taste but also because it is nutritious.
The Mimouna holiday, brought to Israel by the Jewish communities of North Africa, notably Morocco, is celebrated immediately after Passover.
In more modern times, larger quantities became possible because of the use of refrigeration.
The first, visnaður, occurs after just a few days, but lamb and mutton are not eaten after such a short period.
A meat carver disjoints the meat and slices in uniform portions.
Lamb fries, often served in a cream gravy, are a traditional dish in the Bluegrass region of Kentucky.
For this reason, tokwa’t baboy is sometimes referred to as kilawing tokwa't baboy.
It is also sold as a packaged food for export.
Buuz is a type of Mongolian steamed dumpling filled with meat.
The kaya has a custard-like texture like khoya.
A pastry heart is a regional dessert item found in the Western New York area, with Buffalo credited as the place it was first created.
Malaysia has considered the drink as the country national drink.
The dish has a rather firm consistency and subtle, creamy taste with a hint of almonds.
It is usually consumed by the ethnic Malays in Indonesia and Malaysia.
They are inexpensive and easy to make using molasses, flour and baking soda.
The recipe is also included in several early cookbooks including The Compleat Cook of 1658.
Kkakdugi or diced radish kimchi is a variety of kimchi in Korean cuisine.
A rum cake is a type of dessert cake which contains rum.
Paneer is the word for cottage cheese, and shahi is the term for royal.
A chouquette can also be dipped in chocolate or covered in chocolate chips.
Amok is a major national culinary tradition in Cambodia, and also popular in Laos and Thailand.
The various names may be associated with particular variants of filling or sauce in different places.
Doubles is a common street food in Trinidad and Tobago.
Squab pie is a traditional dish from South West England, with early records showing it was associated with Cornwall, Devon and Gloucestershire.
Jatjuk or pine nut porridge is a variety of juk made by boiling finely ground pine nuts and rice flour in water.
It is also widely known that sweetened bread desserts similar to panettone were a Roman favorite.
This is why it is sometimes called chuck or shoulder clod, because obviously "chuck" or "clod" means cheap, apparently.
It is popular as a quick snack in Kassel, especially on market days, sold at food stalls and bakeries.
Restaurants that offer this dish often allow customers to select their fish from an aquarium.
Tasso ham is a specialty of south Louisiana cuisine.
Crocchè [krokˈkɛ] are a dish of Sicilian origin, made from mashed potato and egg, which is covered in bread crumbs and fried.
Alternative spellings and names include parantha, parauntha, prontha, parontay,(in Punjabi) porota, palata, forota, and farata.
Bucatini [bukaˈtiːni], also known as perciatelli [pertʃaˈtɛlli], is a thick spaghetti-like pasta with a hole running through the center.
Accordingly, by instruction from the Gurus, the true Sikh begs for "the good for all beings" of the world.
The consumption of chicken and chips is a popular food choice based on its value for money.
Boiled raisin-type cakes date back at least to the American Civil War.
Consuming the fallopian tubes is reportedly good for one's skin, according to one source.
The pie is baked in a pastry shell, usually of brioche or puff pastry.
There are also varieties of marmitako that substitute salmon for tuna.
Although native to Prekmurje, it has achieved the status of a national specialty of Slovenia.
Noghl is often eaten along with tea.
The sauce is made from flour with onions fried in grease.
It is one of the most popular Polish soups and is served on family dinners and also is a traditional soup for weddings.
Honeycomb toffee, sponge toffee or cinder toffee is a sugary toffee with a light, rigid, sponge-like texture.
Grattachecca is a cold dessert originating in Rome, Italy, commonly sold in kiosks and bars.
Accordingly, Greek-Americans and Greek-Canadians sometimes call it "Easter soup", "Easter Sunday soup", or "Easter lamb soup".
It is also the Uyghur traditional food.
Stollen is a fruit bread containing dried fruit and often covered with powdered sugar or icing sugar.
The New England clam bake is a traditional method of cooking seafood, such as lobster, mussels, crabs, soft-shell clams, and quahogs.
Each variety prepared by large scale manufacturers also go through a rigorous testing procedure.
It has been referred to as "uno dei pasticci più fortunati della storia".
Makki di roti, Saron da saag with bathu and Lassi are Punjab's very famous delicacy and are mostly eaten in winters.
Green mango chutney, also known as raw mango chutney, is an Indian chutney prepared from unripe mangoes.
All the ingredients of ajapsandali are common Georgian food and readily available during the summer season.
Some choose to bake it inside an oven, and to add butter and other spices before baking.
The bread can be eaten either dry or wet.
The hotel proprietor César Ritz supposedly named it in a conversation with Escoffier.
It is considered one of the signature dishes of Venice.
A traditional daubière is a terracotta pot that resembles a pitcher, with a concave lid.
In Hull it may be consumed in a breadcake; this is known as the pattie buttie.
Bánh cốm is a Vietnamese dessert made from rice and mung bean.
It is believed to have originated in the 1930s.
In addition, cajeta envinada especial is enriched with raisins, almonds, pecans or nuts.
Hachee based on beef, onions and acid is a typical example of traditional Dutch cuisine.
Creole oxtail soup is made from a tomato base with oxtails, potatoes, green beans, corn, mirepoix, garlic, and herbs and spices.
The name of the dessert Kreple or Kraeple is derived from the Gothic language krappa, Old High German kraffo.
The mashed potatoes may also be topped with parsley, leek, or grated nutmeg.
Raspberry ripple has been a popular variant ever since.
Popular in the UK, where rhubarb has been cultivated since the 1600s, its introduction to Europe from China is attributed to Marco Polo.
It is a highly economical dish and you can cook your own at home because it is a fairly easy process.
A stew is a combination of solid food ingredients that have been cooked in liquid and served in the resultant gravy.
The genus is used as a model in the biological sciences.
A basic batter incorporates 1/3 cup flour and 1/3 cup liquid per egg.
Tortillitas de camarones are shrimp fritters from the province of Cádiz in Andalusia, Spain.
It is the most frequently served item in many functions and festivals across the Telangana.
It is made from fish and mixed with lime juice, bird's eye chili, sliced shallots and grated ginger.
An alternative form is constructed much like a strudel or nut roll, but unlike those, the rolled dough and filling are cut into slices before baking.
The white bottom layer is made from a cooked milk and vanilla sauce on a base of very stiffly whipped egg white.
Kakara pitha is a sweet deep-fried cake from Odisha offered to temple deities and served hot or cold on many festivals.
It is often prepared communally as a social gathering.
Bigos, often translated into English as hunter's stew, is a Polish dish of finely chopped meat of various kinds stewed with sauerkraut and shredded fresh cabbage.
Since this recipe were originally hand baked, Agrepina would need assistance from her friends.
The mildly sweet, bite-sized treats were eaten in the royal court in the past.
Put chai ko is a popular snack in Hong Kong.
It is a common food in Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Sri Lanka.
Okinawa soba is a regional collective trademark of The Okinawa Noodle Manufacturing Co-op.
Lörtsy is a thin, half-moon shaped pastry originally invented in Savonlinna, eastern Finland.
Curd rice, Telugu: పెరుగు అన్నం, Malayalam: Thayiru) also called yogurt rice is a dish of India.
Emphasis is placed on taste and presentation.
The name is derived from the Italian word farfalla.
The dough was traditionally cooked on a terracotta dish, although nowadays flat pans or electric griddles are commonly used.
Other typical seasonings may be added, such as coriander, curry tree leaf, or garlic.
Like other viennoiserie pastries, such as croissants, they are a variant of puff pastry made of laminated yeast-leavened doughs, creating a layered texture.
The solids are then removed for clarification and the remaining liquid is boiled again after adding either honey or brown sugar.
Ground oats are also called "white oats".
For this reason, it is often served by restaurants early on Saturday and Sunday mornings.
Thai curry refers to dishes in Thai cuisine that are made with various types of curry paste; the term can also refer to the pastes themselves.
Markook, also known as Shrek is a type of unleavened flatbread common in the countries of the Levant.
Short loin is the American name for a cut of beef that comes from the back of the cattle.
Most wingko factories are still owned by Indonesian Chinese and some still use Chinese language names for their brands.
Other types are made with ingredients such as salt, aloe vera, seaweed, lotus seed, sesame seed, sugar palm seeds, taro, cassava and pandan leaf extract.
When ugali is made from another starch, it is usually given a specific regional name.
Various types of roti are integral to South Asian cuisine.
It is made from coconut milk, jaggery, and rice flour, and is sticky, thick and sweet.
In English, the word, in plural form, "preserves" is used to describe all types of jams and jellies.
One chief difference is the heavy and dough-like texture of the bread.
Dabu-dabu has a flavor similar to Mexican salsa It is sometimes described as Manado's raw sambal.
The word comes from loqma or morsel.
The name is derived from the ancient Proto-Slavic word pir, meaning "banquet" or "festivity".
Szaloncukor is a type of sweet traditionally associated with Christmas in Hungary and Slovakia.
In British English, haslet or acelet is a pork meatloaf with herbs, originally from Lincolnshire.
Christmas wafer is a central European Christian Christmas tradition celebrated in Poland, Lithuania and in some parts of Slovakia during Wigilia, or the Christmas Eve Vigil.
The name means "cake on a spit", and this describes the method of preparation: it is the Swedish variation on the spit cake.
These foods may resemble the flatbreads, pancakes, and unleavened dough foods of non-Chinese and western cuisines.
This style of bread does not fit well in most modern toasters due to the greater height of the loaf.
Similar dishes include paneer butter masala and kadai paneer.
This is a saltwater clam, a bivalve that is native to Chile.
Short twisted pasta are also marketed as fusilli, as well as a tri-color fusilli which is marketed to consumers who want bistro style salads etc.
Pastry is a dough of flour, water and shortening that may be savoury or sweetened.
This liquid is then poured in a molten state upon clean snow, whereupon the cold causes it to rapidly thicken.
In recent years, the use of persipan has increased, and the resulting rise in demand has led to shortages of the kernels.
It is typically served with rice and morkuzhambu during a meal.
It is made of salt and Sichuan pepper.
The word is not generally used to refer to an almond cake.
It is a walnut-shaped baked confection with red bean paste filling, whose outer dough is made of skinned and pounded walnuts and wheat flour.
A canned seafood Pepper Pot soup was formerly sold by Bookbinder Specialties, a gourmet soup manufacturer in the Philadelphia area.
This finding offers new and economical tools for decontaminating microcystin containing water.
Pastitsio, sometimes spelled pastichio, is a Greek and Mediterranean baked pasta dish that contains ground beef and béchamel sauce.
Preparation involves simply mixing the ingredients together in a bowl, and then serving it on crackers.
Asocena is a Filipino dish primarily consisting of dog meat.
Senbei are often eaten with green tea as a casual snack and offered to visiting house guests as a courtesy refreshment.
Fennel with lamb is a dish from the Aegean coast and Aegean Sea islands among both Turkish and Greek people.
The earliest form of this dish was cooked with red beans and has since developed into many different kinds.
Ribeye steaks are mostly composed of the longissimus dorsi muscle but also contain the complexus and spinalis muscles.
The packaging of a gujhia is very much like that of a samosa, however the gujhia has a very distinct shape.
It is popular in Odisha, Bengal, Assam, Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh.
Mayfair salad dressing is a salad dressing incorporating anchovies, created at the Mayfair Hotel in downtown St. Louis.
A lemon tart is a dessert dish, a variety of tart.
Often this type of rookworst still uses natural intestine for the casing instead of bovine collagen.
It is a Frisian luxury version of white bread, with large lumps of sugar mixed in with the dough.
Curry puff is a snack of Southeast Asian origin.
Cốm is similar to flat green rice of the Khmer people.
Specially good are obaras served together with ajdovi žganci.
Khiramohana or Kheer Mohan is a creamish dessert popular in Odisha and West Bengal.
Suya is a spicy shish kebab which is a popular food item in West Africa.
In Imperial Russia, pastila was considered an expensive treat.
If only water is necessary, then powdered milk is an ingredient of the convenience food.
A nearly identical dish is also found in Tajik cuisine, where it is known as tushbera, and in Azerbaijani cuisine, where it is called dushbara.
Some modern recipes add spices and chopped nutmeats.
Ice cream may be served in dishes, for eating with a spoon, or in cones, which are licked.
This process continues for hours, resulting in a freeze-dried ice cream slice.
In popular culture, the cake played a minor part in the plot of the 2013 film The Secret Life of Walter Mitty.
The lemon/lime variant of the German Probiotisch yoghurt drink has a taste similar to kærnemælkskoldskål.
Its name derives from its ingredients, partan being the Gaelic and Scots for crab and bree a Scots term for soup.
It is considered one of Iraq's national dishes and Introduced in Turkey by Arab Immigrants.
A number of formats were available: 7" single, 7" picture disc, 12" single, 12" picture disc.
Ciccioli are pressed cakes of fatty pork.
It is made with potatoes, flour, butter, and milk or cream.
The word is also, though less commonly, used to refer to other foods cooked or served in the eponymous dish.
Varieties of the same soup include spinach, garden orache, chard, nettle, and occasionally dandelion, goutweed or ramsons, together with or instead of sorrel.
During festivals, they are frequently sold and eaten.
Because the shrimp are so small it is too difficult to shell them, so they are cooked whole.
The broth is then used to make the sauce, mixed with 19 kinds of spices which have been smoothed and stirred with various kinds of chili.
The pot is never or rarely emptied all the way, and ingredients and liquid are replenished as necessary.
It is popular in China, Singapore and Malaysia.
Ashure or Noah's Pudding is a Turkish dessert congee that is made of a mixture consisting of grains, fruits, dried fruits and nuts.
Tteok offered to spirits are called boktteok and shared with neighbours and relatives.
Art Smith said that according to Colin Cowie, his hospitality ambassador in South Africa, the pudding was named after a woman called Malva.
The bread is sometimes sprinkled with sugar, served with a tomato dip or served with zhug and hot pepper-garlic chutney.
The butt, which will weigh 7 to 8 pounds, is sliced across the grain into pieces about 3 in thick.
It is made from lamb chops or veal, onions, tarragon leaves, cherry plums or tkemali, dry white wine, mixed fresh herbs, garlic and salt.
This cookie is a popular Italian holiday treat, especially at Christmas.
The soup is now common in Korean restaurants outside of Korea, including the United States and Canada.
It is sometimes less correctly referred to as reikäleipä, shorter term without ruis which applies also to the oat loaf with a hole.
A typical luchi will measure 4-5 inches in diameter.
Bing is a wheat flour-based Chinese food with a flattened or disk-like shape, similar to the French concept of a galette.
A sour cream doughnut is a type of donut that incorporates sour cream into the batter of a doughnut.
Es Teler is a fruit cocktail from Indonesia.
The term derives from the verb gupda, which literally means "grill".
Sometimes it is given as a gift.
Pocky  is a Japanese snack food produced by Ezaki Glico.
They are often categorized as a "crisp cookie" due to their texture, caused in part because of the quantity of butter and sugar.
Depending on the region and cultural area, jian dui are known as matuan in northern China, ma yuan in northeast China, and zhen dai in Hainan.
The squash slices are simmered in a saucepan along with pieces of beef, potato, plantains and vegetables such as parsley, carrots, green cabbage, celery and onions.
A cat tongue is a small cookie or chocolate bar available in a number of European, Asian and South American countries.
Its origins are often disputed among Italian regions such as Veneto, Friuli-Venezia Giulia, Piedmont, and others.
The bocadillo or bocata, in Spain, is a sandwich made with Spanish bread, usually a baguette or similar type of bread, cut lengthwise.
Vermicelli is a traditional type of pasta round in section similar to spaghetti.
Despite the similarity in literal translation, ostkaka should not be confused with cheesecake which is a layered cake.
A common Italian stuffing uses a mixture of bread crumbs, garlic, oregano, parsley, grated cheese, and prosciutto or sausage.
Sometimes it is eaten with sweetened condensed milk.
Maraschino cherries are occasionally added as a garnish.
Supplì are Italian snacks consisting of a ball of rice with tomato sauce, typical of Roman cuisine.
Eider does not ferment as well as auk, and gave those that ate it botulism.
"Mizu" means "water", and indicates that it is made with more water than usual.
Tartlet refers to a miniature tart; an example would be egg tarts.
It is traditionally eaten during all of the festivals in India, mainly on the occasion of Diwali, Holi, Eid al-Fitr and Raksha Bandhan.
It is taken in combination with peanut or pudina chutney.
It is popular as the basis for civic fund-raisers in the American Midwest and South.
Falooda(Urdu: فالودہ‎), is a cold dessert popular in the Indian subcontinent.
It is believed to be healthful and is popular due to its hot and spicy nature.
If miniature gnocchi are wanted for soup they can be made by pressing the dough through a coarse sieve or a perforated spoon.
It is recommended that the shaping of mekitsi before their frying be done with wet hands.
It is made by cooking berries, other fruits, or more rarely nuts, vegetables, or flowers, in sugar syrup.
They are then pressed with a fork or a cheese grater to make ridges which hold sauce.
Instant noodles are sold in a precooked and dried noodle block, with flavoring powder and/or seasoning oil.
Comparable preparations are made by grinding other nuts.
The ingredients are marinated in a sauce, then put to a boil with a small amount of water.
Carrot pudding is a dish traditional to a wide range of cultures around the world.
Dishes called 'curry' may contain fish, meat, poultry, or shellfish, either alone or in combination with vegetables.
A bear claw may also be a yeast doughnut in a shape similar to that of the pastry.
It has also found its distinct place in the cuisine of the Indian diaspora abroad.
In Malaysia, it is called as pecal which is introduced by the Javanese immigrants.
The term fusilli is also used to describe a short, flattened, twisted pasta known as rotini in the United States.
It is also made commercially and sold in small blocks, or covered in chocolate, popular examples being the Crunchie or Violet Crumble bar.
Broken rice is fragmented, not defective; there is nothing wrong with it.
Traditional Lacón gallego may be called so when the pig has been fed on a diet of only natural feed, e.g.
Tuna salad is also regularly served on top of lettuce, tomato, avocado, or crackers, or by itself.
A seven-layer dip is an American appetizer based on common ingredients in Tex-Mex cuisine.
Güllaç contains walnuts between the layers that are put in milk.
Some of the essential ingredients used in making it are Piper Guineense and Vernonia Amygdalina.
Toyga is a national meal of Turkish cuisine.
Hand-raised hot water crust pastry does not produce a neat and uniform finish, as there will be sagging during the cooking of the filled pie.
Hwangnam bread, also commonly called Gyeongju bread, is a local specialty of Gyeongju City, South Korea.
Its shape is in the form of a thin disc, pretty much like a very thin coin, which starts dissolving as it enters the mouth.
Polvorones are popular holiday delicacies in all Spain and its former colonies in Latin America and the Philippines.
Its origin is not definitively known; various informal sources state without references that it originated in Peru, the Philippines, etc.
Cașcaval pane is a Romanian dish made with Romanian cheese named Cașcaval coated in bread crumbs and fried.
The most common filling is common peanuts, however other kinds of beans, such as kidney beans, cowpea, jack bean or corn might also be used.
See also carne-seca, a Brazilian dried meat.
Other names for it are saccharum sinese, aka Chinese sugar cane.
Murukku is a savoury, crunchy Indian snack.
It usually consists of a combination of flour, shortening, coconut, and sugar.
It is often found in coffee shops as a sweet snack food.
It also listed at number 45 on World's 50 most delicious foods compiled by CNN Go in 2011.
In Cork the combination of tripe and drisheen is considered a meal particular to and strongly associated with Cork.
On the Big Island of Hawai'i, it is also referred to as 'ice shave', though both terms are used by locals.
It is traditionally baked in a stone oven known as a forno.
It is commonly prepared with albacore, but also tuna, billfish, or bonito.
Lai fun may also be referred to as bánh canh by Vietnamese, in which case, it is made from rice flour and tapioca starch.
Schweinshaxe, in German cuisine, is a roasted ham hock.
Internal organs such as kidneys or heart are sometimes found on the roast.
A wide variety of pickles are available in these regions, using mango as their prime ingredient.
It is very similar, if somewhat simpler than Cumberland and Oxford sauces that have port added to their constituents.
The candy is made by boiling maple syrup to about 112 °C.
An Eccles cake is a small, round cake filled with currants and made from flaky pastry with butter, sometimes topped with demerara sugar.
A variation called Stolichny salad exists, and is also popular in the Russian cuisine.
In Indonesia it is called soto mie and considered as one variant of soto, while in Malaysia and Singapore it is called mee soto.
Vegetarian versions combine beans with the other ingredients, except for the ground beef.
Among Palestinians, this Arabic salad is known as Salatat al-Bundura and is popularly served alongside rice dishes.
In Italy and France, it is often served at weddings, baptisms and first communions.
Originally this is an ancient fertility symbol not unlike throwing rice at a marriage like a farmer sowing seeds.
Crabs, eels, cuttlefish, octopus, bream, mullet, or anything else caught that day might be used.
The related macaroon is often confused with the macaron.
Nowadays, it is a widespread snack in Crimea, neighbouring regions of Ukraine, and in Turkey.
Nitrates and nitrites reduce the risk of dangerous botulism during curing by inhibiting the growth of Clostridium botulinum spores.
Traditionally, wedding cakes were made to bring good luck to all guests and the couple.
Tarak-juk is a variety of juk, made with milk and glutinous rice.
The bark should be whittled from the branch 15–20 cm in from the end, where the dough will be wrapped.
Aachener Printen are a type of Lebkuchen originating from the city of Aachen in Germany.
Filo or phyllo is a very thin unleavened dough used for making pastries such as baklava and börek in Middle Eastern and Balkan cuisines.
It is a traditional Muslim festive breakfast, and a dessert for celebrations.
Common pastry dishes include pies, tarts, quiches and pasties.
The main difference between hot and mild is the addition of hot red pepper flakes in the spice mix of the former.
Many variants are popular throughout Asia, and around the world.
An example of a Georgian recipe for Kharcho:
They are normally used as spread on bread or toast and served at room temperature.
His preaching was taken up widely in the US in the midst of the 1829–51 cholera pandemic.
The tochitură moldovenească is the Moldavian stew and the tochitură ardelenească is the Transylvanian stew.
Today, due to migrations of Javanese people to neighboring countries, pecel lele can also be found in Singapore and Malaysia.
However, it was the Scottish who were the first Europeans to deep fry their chicken in fat.
It may be served as an open face sandwich or a closed face one.
It was originally manufactured by Fruzola, and then Sunline Inc., through their Sunmark Brands division, which was purchased by Nestlé in January 1989.
Zakuski became thus the first course of a festive dinner.
Pastizzi are a popular, traditional and well-known Maltese food.
Gyeongju bread was first baked in 1939 at a bakery in Hwangnam-dong in central Gyeongju.
Vietnamese iced coffee, also known as cà phê đá or cafe da is a traditional Vietnamese coffee recipe.
The Ga kenkey is more widespread in most parts of Ghana.
Almond bark is a chocolate-like confection made with vegetable fats instead of cocoa butter and with coloring and flavors added.
It is made of layers of plain and chocolate pound cake combined to have a wavy border between them.
Fish cakes, boiled eggs, and scallions are some of the most commonly added ingredients.
Chhena jalebi is a sweet dish originally from coastal Odisha in eastern India, a state known for desserts made of chhena.
Nokul is sometimes served hot as an appetizer instead of bread.
A conversation tart is a type of pâtisserie made with puff pastry that is filled with frangipane cream and topped with royal icing.
The dish is also called by the literal English translations such as "steamed sticky rice with chicken in lotus leaf wrap."
The word frigăruie is a diminutive form of frigare "skewer", which is derived from a frige, meaning "to grill" or "to fry".
The flavors and ingredients of bánh tẻ vary from region to region.
Āsh is part of Iranian, Azerbaijani, Caucasian, and Turkish cuisine is a thick soup/stew, which is usually served hot.
It is still commonly made at home for family use or by home industry outlets or as processed food.
Rotelle should not be confused with rotini.
It may be seasoned with Mexican coriander leaves and flavored to taste with lemon or chile powder.
It must have three kinds of meat, including chicken, ham, beef, and pork skin, ears or tail.
Originally sugar-coated almonds, they are now often sugar-coated chocolates of the same shape and size instead.
Sweet baking chocolate is traditionally used for the chocolate flavor in the actual cake, but few recipes call for it today.
The pastry often has inserted raisins and a clay pipe.
It is also used, to a lesser extent, in European and Middle Eastern cuisine.
The ingredients are tsampa, water and baking powder.
After boiling, the kelp is taken out and a whole octopus is inserted into the broth.
Alternative names for this food include wada, vade, vadai, wadeh and bara.
Ariselu is a traditional dish and is prepared during festivities like Sankranti, Dusshera, Deepavali.
It is orange-red in color and contains ground African bird's eye chili peppers, cardamom seed, cloves, and salt.
Along with Olivier salad and dressed herring, vinegret is served as zakuska on celebration tables in Russophone communities.
It is believed to be an aphrodisiac and is made from various goat parts.
It is typically made of mangoes, vinegar, salt, mustard, turmeric, chili and fenugreek, similarly to savoury mango chutneys.
Later versions that appeared in Soviet times use light or diluted kefir, whey, vinegar, mineral water, or even beer instead of kvass.
This method is often used with carp, gourami and milkfish in order to turn the fine fishbone crumbly, crisp and edible.
It is usually scored with lines or ridges on the surface.
Literally translated, it means "candy [made] of milk" or "sweet [made] of milk."
The dish is served both as a dessert and as a main course.
These differ from traditional animal crackers in flavor and assortment, and though not usually called animal crackers, are still considered animal crackers.
The dish is often chilled before serving, and is served with tortilla chips.
Mlinci can also be served by soaking the dried pieces in the drippings from roast meats.
Sometimes, it is served with fresh clotted milk cream.
Pölsa is a traditional northern Swedish dish, very similar in taste and consistency to Scottish haggis.
In Indonesia the term opor refer to the method of cooking in coconut milk.
It should not be confused with blintzes also known as crepes or palatschinke.
Its name in Thai comes from sai and from ua.
It is traditionally made from leftover bread dough and pan-fried, as opposed to deep-fried.
It gained its unique reputation along with its name due to its light and fluffy texture, said to resemble the "food of the angels".
Another botanical theory is that the batter was originally flavoured with the leaves of the lemon- or the rose-scented geranium, varieties of South African native plants.
Hornazo is a Spanish meat pie eaten in the provinces of Salamanca and Ávila.
Plum in madeira is a popular dessert made with plum and madeira wine.
Nasi gurih is steamed rice cooked in coconut milk and spices dish originally from Aceh, Indonesia.
It is flavored with black pepper and garlic, and sometimes aniseed, but unlike Chorizo contains no paprika.
In the West, laphet is most commonly encountered in tea leaf salad.
It would more commonly be found in a thin sliced form used in sandwiches, or as a smaller cut slice topping on a pizza.
In addition, cucumber sandwiches can be served in the tea break at club cricket matches in England.
Dodol is a sweet toffee-like sugar palm-based confection commonly found in Southeast Asia and South Asia.
A dish similar to Mi Rebus in Indonesia is called Mie Celor, and it is popular in Palembang.
It is somewhat similar to the Ligurian sauce pesto, although it lacks pine nuts.
Especially at summer festivals and fairs, it is as popular as yakisoba, takoyaki and cotton candy.
They are also popular in Hawaii, sometimes known there simply as andagi.
Tecula mecula is a dessert traditional to the Extremadura region of western Spain.
Today wingko is a famous food in both Babat with various brands and sizes of wingko for sale.
Its use in Belarus, Russia and Ukraine dates back to hospitality and holiday customs in ancient Rus.
The dumplings typically consist of a spiced meat mixture, usually lamb or ground beef in a dough wrapper, and either boiled or steamed.
Suanla means "hot and sour," and chaoshou is what these particular large wontons are called in the Chinese province of Sichuan.
Lingonberry jam is a staple food in Scandinavian cuisine.
Fränkische Brotsuppe is a simple soup that mainly consists of stale bread in a meat or sausage broth.
Bammies, like wheat bread and tortillas, are served at any meal or consumed as a snack.
It consists of deep fried flattened reddish brown patties of chhena that are soaked in thickened, sweetened milk.
Kuih are more often steamed than baked, and are thus very different in texture, flavour and appearance from Western cakes or puff pastries.
Its texture is reminiscent of rubber because of the physical-chemical properties of its polymer, plasticizer, and resin components, which contribute to its elastic-plastic, sticky, chewy characteristics.
It is a staple dessert in any Portuguese home during the holidays.
Fufu is a staple food, common in many countries in Africa.
However, in recent years there has been renewed interest in crispbread in the Nordic countries.
Additional ingredients such as treacle, molasses and vegetable shortening can be used.
The dough rests for half an hour.
The most important thing about making rosół is that there can be no addition of pork, since that could make rosół not clear.
As other tteok-bokki dishes, fish cakes and boiled eggs are a common addition.
It is a concoction of mutton and a variety of spices.
The French and English form bouillabaisse comes from the Provençal Occitan word bolhabaissa, a compound that consists of the two verbs bolhir and abaissar.
In these varieties, veal is often replaced by cheaper sorts of meat, such as beef or pork.
In Europe and North America, it is often made with low-fat or fat-free yogurt.
The lettuce sandwich has a long history in both the United States and the United Kingdom.
It is known as Kagang Pamah in Tausug, ipis dagat in Bataeños.
Part of Levantine cuisine, they are tiny, tangy eggplants stuffed with walnuts, red pepper, garlic, olive oil and salt.
It may be sold on-the-bone or without bone, or as steaks or slices.
Dough is rolled into a ball then deep fried.
While the entire rib section comprises ribs six through 12, a standing rib roast may contain anywhere from two to seven ribs.
The dish can be served on a skewer which hangs from a hook on a stand as it is presented to you.
Stovies is a Scottish dish based on potatoes and meat.
They are generally served cold as a side dish, appetizer or a main course, often for holidays or parties.
In the British Isles it is a bread which dates back to the Iron Age.
Canned regular cherries are sometimes added and sour cream is often substituted for fresh cream.
Galaktoboureko is a Greek dessert of semolina custard in filo.
Flavoring ingredients of zerde vary slightly from region to region in Turkey depending on the local fruits.
The sausage is flavoured with garlic, salt, and paprika, which gives it a bright red colour.
and It consists of a grilled, sometimes deep fried steak, with fried eggs on top.
Kebakko is a type of ready-meal in Finland.
Due to the need for preserving food in arid regions of Rajasthan, boondi laddu are preferred.
Essentially, it is a pounded beef fillet, rolled around a filling of pate de foie gras, then wrapped with bacon and braised in spiked stock.
Kimchibuchimgae is often recognized in Korean culture as a folk dish of low profile that anyone could make easily at home with no extra budget.
The dish was created in the middle of the 20th century.
It is also popular in Canada, Australia, and New Zealand.
Today pain de campagne is still made in France, and is enjoying a growing appreciation in the United States and the UK.
Mozzarella sticks are elongated pieces of battered or breaded mozzarella.
Ready-to-eat varieties of Sev, including flavoured Sev, are available in Indian stores.
Greek loukaniko, a fresh sausage usually flavored with orange peel
The bun has a ground beef filling, sometimes including pieces of onions.
Seasonings and spices vary by recipe, but commonly include onions, allspice, coriander, cloves, cumin, garlic, mustard and sometimes celery, cinnamon or ginger.
Canned fabada is sold in most supermarkets across the country.
The other ingredients used in its preparation are fried bengal gram flour, jaggery and seeds of marking-nut tree.
Modern recipes also often deviate from the original by splitting the sugar into equal parts granulated and icing sugar and many add a portion of salt.
However, it is mostly associated with Malay of Medan, Betawi and Madura cuisine, although it is also common in Java.
In many English-speaking countries, a panini or panino is a grilled sandwich made from bread other than sliced bread.
Historically the first recorded mention of these cakes is from 1252 and they are mentioned as well in Ramon Llull's book Blanquerna, written in 1283.
Vegetarian bee hoon is a Singaporean noodle dish which comprises vegetarian spring rolls, fried tofu skin, and mock meats made from gluten.
Coq au vin is a French dish of chicken braised with wine, lardons, mushrooms, and optionally garlic.
As most Romanian cakes, they can be cut and served in 1-serving miniature cakes or as a big cake.
Cocido montañés, is a rich hearty bean stew, originally from and most commonly found in Cantabria in northern Spain.
A tamale is a traditional Mesoamerican dish made of masa or dough, which is steamed in a corn husk or banana leaf.
At one time it was traditional peasant fare, but largely during the 20th century various forms became popular through delicatessens and supermarkets.
Lady Grey tea is a trademarked variation on Earl Grey tea.
Cacao has been cultivated by many cultures for at least three millennia in Mesoamerica.
The block of ice is sometimes inverted in the cup when sold.
A late medieval recipe for comfits is based on anise seeds, and suggests also making comfits with fennel, caraway, coriander, and diced ginger.
Today, cifantuan is commonly available in two varieties.
It is typically salted or brined then dried or smoked.
Kaldereta or caldereta is a goat meat stew from the Philippines.
Macon looks and feels similar to bacon.
It is made with potatoes, reblochon cheese, lardons and onions.
They are served with onions and tomatoes.
Chatti pathiri is a layered pastry made in the North Malabar and Malabar region, of Kerala, India.
It is usually served with gnocchi or homemade pasta.
They can be made like pancakes of fresh corn dough, or wrapped in dry corn leaves and boiled.
Sometimes potatoes are included or used in lieu of eggs.
A 2002 survey showed the average American will have eaten 1,500 of these sandwiches before high school graduation.
A secondary meaning is that of olive bread, a bread where the loaf of bread is laced with whole olives.
They are often served in restaurants as an appetizer or side dish.
It can be usually served with a variety of foods such as Hummus, Kebab, Shawarma.
Each block sells for approximately 17 USD.
These sandwiches have a disputed origin, and tend to run between approximately 800 and 1,500 calories.
It is usually served hot with Szechuan sauce.
It is also known by the name hodo-gwaja in and outside Korea.
Some people prefer adding a small amount of baking powder to the batter to make it more crunchy.
It is widely popular as Sheera in Marathi/Hindi, Rava Kesari in Telugu, Sooji Halwa in the North, Sojji and Rava Kesari in Tamil.
Imoni is a type of taro and meat soup eaten traditionally in the autumn in the Tōhoku region of Japan.
General Mills has made their own version of the snack, which they began selling under the name of Muddy Buddies in 2010.
Fast food restaurants typically fry their nuggets in vegetable oil.
It is often sliced and served hot or cold with bread or rice, yogurt, sabzi khordan and torshi.
Some prefer their knäck to be soft and chewy, which is easily attainable by simmering the mix for a shorter time.
It is listed at number 35 on the World's 50 most delicious foods compiled by CNN Go in 2011.
Singapore Airlines has since 2016 introduced Teochew cuisine on board its flights, which includes Teochew porridge.
The fresh types are two to three centimetres wide and may have fluted edges.
The dough for the pastry base consists of flour, yeast, milk, and butter.
Cookies or biscuits may be mass-produced in factories, made in small bakeries or home-made.
Because of this playful eating style the dish is popular among children.
It is ring-shaped and coated in sesame seeds.
Unlike the white chocolate brownie or the normal brownie, they contain no chocolate or chocolate flavouring, other than chocolate chips, which may be included.
The soy paste is soaked in salt water and sun-dried for several weeks, furthering the fermentation process, until the color of the paste has turned yellow-reddish.
Gumbo uses similar sausages, meats, seafood, vegetables and seasonings.
Banitsa is served for breakfast with plain yogurt, ayran, or boza.
The knickerbocker glory, first described in the 1920s, may contain ice cream, cream, fruit, meringue.
This made them a very popular choice for children's parties.
Ice milk, or iced milk, is a frozen dessert with less than 10 percent milk fat and the same sweetener content as ice cream.
Upscale variations include, for example, the oyster club, the salmon club, and Dungeness crab melt.
Fish head casserole is a seafood dish from China.
It is a generally made with flour, water, and salt.
The beverage form is essentially lemonade and jaljira powder, and is a popular summer drink in India.
Since the 2000s, Western Africa produces almost two-thirds of the world's cocoa, with Ivory Coast growing almost half of that amount.
The bargain gave Keiller's wife, Janet, the opportunity to manufacture a large quantity of marmalade.
They come in a variety of colors and flavors.
Indian Airlines used to serve cucumber sandwiches as part of its usual vegetarian inflight meal in short-haul domestic flights.
The hallulla is a flat round bread baked with vegetable shortening and is used for several traditional Chilean sandwiches.
Straight dough is a single-mix process of making bread.
The two food items are different, and the terms in English distinguish them.
Today, a variety of different recipes for damper are available online.
Teochew porridge is a Teochew and Singaporean rice porridge dish often accompanied with various small plates of side dishes.
Line a flat open tart dish with good paste, and pour in the mixture to one uniform thickness, cross bar over and bake.
Its aeration properties rely on both the quality of the meringue and the chemical leaveners.
The ham is then cold-smoked over beechwood for several weeks, and finally aged for a period of up to two years.
It is often served with butter, mutton pâté, hangikjöt, or with pickled herring.
Several varieties of bread are used in this sandwich: Pan de frica, pan amasado, marraqueta and sliced white bread are popular.
Stamppot is usually served with sausage, julienned bacon, or stewed meat.
Bolani, or Perakai, Poraki, is a  flat-bread from Afghanistan, baked or fried with a vegetable filling.
Haleva is a fried dough turnover filled with either potatoes or Circassian cheese.
Essentially prepared as a main meal, the leftovers can be and are often served within sandwiches and sometimes are used to make hash.
A similar cheese is made in the Slovak Tatra Mountains under the name oštiepok.
Acar is a type of vegetable pickle made in Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore and Brunei.
The sauce produced is commonly referred to by the type of stock used.
It is traditionally served at celebrations in Wales, such as Shrove Tuesday and birthdays.
Unlike regular cakes, Tiffin does not require baking.
This same technique can also be used with canned pumpkin to produce pumpkin chiffon pie.
The candy has been on the market in the United States and Canada since the 1940s and was originally called Lik-M-Aid.
They frequently have a waffle surface pattern but may also be patterned with insignia of the food's manufacturer or may be patternless.
Soup Number Five, variously spelled Soup No.
The dish originated in Alwar, Rajasthan, India.
Donauwelle is a traditional sheet cake popular in Germany and Austria.
A similar dish is called ekşili köfte or terbiyeli köfte, when made with egg-lemon sauce.
Often, sugar and spices are also added to recipes for corned beef.
The kind of wrapper, fillings, and cooking technique used, as well as the name, vary considerably within this large area, depending on the region's culture.
Similar desserts like kalvdans exists in other countries.
Ginger snaps are flavoured with powdered ginger and a variety of other spices, most commonly cinnamon, molasses and nutmeg.
Gnocchi are eaten as a first course, as an alternative to soups or pasta.
The rough and crackled surface is usually lightly sprinkled with confectioner's sugar.
The Caribbean cuisine dessert is made from batata, cornmeal, coconut, spices and brown sugar, all tied up in a banana leaf.
Cannelloni are a cylindrical type of pasta generally served baked with a filling and covered by a sauce in Italian cuisine.
Ragi Rotti is served hot and is eaten along with chutney.
It is a soup made from dry beans, onions, tomatoes, chubritza or dzhodzhen and carrots.
In southern provinces like Adana, the word piyaz is used to refer to an onion and sumac salad.
Kansas City style burnt ends are usually served cubed with sauce either on top or on the side.
Pound cake refers to a type of cake traditionally made with a pound of each of four ingredients: flour, butter, eggs, and sugar.
It is popularly served with roasted vegetables—such as potato, brinjal, badi and saga bhaja or fried fish.
The mother-in-law is a fast food dish of Chicago, consisting of a tamale topped with chili, served in a hot dog bun.
It is often said to have originated among the Amish and is named for two legendary gelding workhorses.
The meat on the sandwich is traditionally served rare, thin cut, with the top bun getting a dip au jus and spread with horseradish.
The cream may be aromatized with rum, coffee, vanilla, or other flavorings.
Sweet rolls are sometimes iced and/or contain a sweet filling.
It is a traditional specialty of the Newars of the Kathmandu Valley in Nepal and is eaten during festivals and other special occasions.
Steamed lentils can be added along with any preferred vegetables.
The most common protein source for kwetiau goreng however, are beef, chicken, prawns or crab.
This usage of the word "grits" stems from the High German word "Grütze," which is an equivalent of the Low German Grötte.
It was created and named for häradshövding Marcus Wallenberg.
The juk made with the potato balls as its ingredient is called gamja-ongsimi-juk, and the kal-guksu made with the potato balls is called gamja-ongsimi-kal-guksu.
It may also include almonds, walnuts, and other nuts.
A similar-named but slightly different chicken-based noodle dish from neighboring city of Cirebon is called mie koclok.
Pizza is a yeasted flatbread typically topped with tomato sauce and cheese and baked in an oven.
Knäck is a traditional Swedish toffee prepared at Christmas.
Polvorones were brought to Spain by the Moors and there is thus a very possible Levantine origin, based on a similar sweet known as ghurayba.
Güllaç is a Turkish dessert made with milk, pomegranate and a special kind of pastry.
The tips of the bones are sometimes decorated with paper frills called manchettes.
The modern, sour cream-based crow stew appears to have originated during the 1930s, at the time of the Great Depression.
He opened a wagashi store in Tokyo, which he named for his childhood name: Eitaro.
According to one tradition, there should be five different types of fish in the soup, one for each letter c in cacciucco.
The word "Goetta" comes from the Low German word Grötte.
Droëwors - from South Africa, dried sausage
Aligot or Aligote  is a dish made from cheese blended into mashed potatoes that is made in L'Aubrac region in southern Massif Central of France.
Like many Italian dishes, gnocchi have considerable variation in recipes and names across different regions.
Karydopita is a Greek dessert cake made primarily from walnuts and covered in a sweet syrup.
The cream between the layers is a combination of chocolate buttercream mixed with fondant.
Goat Roti is a type of wrap roti, a traditional Trinidadian dish, also popular in the West Indies and in Caribbean-descendant communities throughout North America.
Lekor or Keropok lekor is a traditional Malay fish cracker snack originated from the state of Terengganu, Malaysia.
Peanut butter is served as a spread on bread, toast or crackers, and used to make sandwiches.
There are typically three or four participants in this activity.
It is kneaded and then optionally shaped by a sushi rolling mat, which gives the final product a textured, slightly bumpy surface.
In Shan State this sausage is known as sai long phik.
The potato fritter is fried very crisp, often with the inclusion of beef drippings on the fritter prior to dropping it in the fryer.
Many New York Italian-Americans refer to the dish as "alla-ul" due to the influence of Southern Italian pronunciation in the area.
It is a symbol showing that everyone is equal.
Lamb testicles are served in a variety of cuisines, including Italian,  American Basque, barbecue, Chinese, Caucasian, Armenian, and Turkish.
The word comes from the Arabic word šawa, which means "grilled, roasted".
In most Eastern European traditional versions, the filling is made entirely of mashed potato, ground meat, sauerkraut, onions, kasha, or cheese.
It was first sold in 1928, advertised as "the greatest forward step in the baking industry since bread was wrapped".
The cracker was unsalted, and closely related to the food "hardtack".
It is commonly eaten along with a soft drink.
It is generally consumed at lunch or dinner, as a main dish after a snack of tapas.
Lassis are enjoyed chilled as a hot-weather refreshment, mostly taken with lunch.
Combine all the ingredients in a bowl and knead into soft-smooth dough, using enough water
It is a semi-liquid with crushed wheat, and meat pieces may be added.
The ideal gyeran-jjim is light and fluffy.
Tonis puri is a type of Georgian bread, baked in a specific bakery called tone or torne/turne.
It more closely resembles a sloppy joe, without the tomato-based sauce.
In the United States, it often refers to a version made of ground corn.
In Jamaica, the patty is often eaten as a full meal, especially when paired with coco bread.
Unlike a bagel, which is boiled before baking, a bialy is simply baked, and instead of a hole in the middle it has a depression.
It is used to make Rupjmaizes kartojums, a traditional Latvian dessert.
Tapalapa bread is a traditional bread, mainly in Senegal, The Gambia and Guinea.
Romesco is a nut and red pepper-based sauce that originated from Tarragona, Catalonia, in Northeastern Spain.
The baker must keep a good distance of about 15–30 cm and turn the stick regularly so that the bread is baked evenly.
Lancashire hotpot is a stew originating from Lancashire in the North West of England.
It is a small pastry with a filling of red bean paste.
It is a smooth and naturally sweet porridge that is traditionally served to recovering patients or the elderly.
There are food delivery services that specialise in sara udon for parties or offices that are working overtime.
Given their rich nature, fruit cake is most often consumed on its own, as opposed to with condiments.
Recipes vary greatly and can be desserts or savoury courses.
The earliest known reference to the sandwich is also an early recipe; "Have you tried a Union Club sandwich yet?
Breadsticks may be offered at the table in restaurants as an appetizer.
Their name derives from their traditional shape, which resembles the truffle, an edible part of the tuber fungus.
Other seasonings are added at the table.
One of Janet Keiller's great-great-great grandsons was Alexander Keiller, the noted archaeologist, and one of her great-great-great-great grandsons is the British television presenter Monty Don.
Ischoklad is a candy originating in Germany which is now popular in both Germany and Sweden.
It derives from the Old English word "grytt," meaning coarse meal.
Despite this fact, the product is nearly ubiquitous in Kentucky.
Kkakdugi is a popular banchan enjoyed by Koreans and others.
It contains malt, egg, and no salt and is boiled in honey-sweetened water before being baked.
As well as coating cakes and biscuits, royal icing is used to make decorations such as flowers and figures for putting on the cake.
Allspice is also commonly used and can replace the clove and nutmeg, as its flavor is similar to both combined.
The wrap was convenient as the meal could be eaten faster and while on the go, as well as keeping one's hands from getting dirty.
Some Hungarian rum balls are made with whole cherries placed inside the balls, and then rolled in coconut flakes.
National S'mores Day is celebrated annually on August 10.
In Nedelino, the dish is known as kashnitsa.
If the temperatures are raised and fermentation continues, Jiuniang will eventually produce rice wine or rice vinegar.
It is served with mămăligă and salty sheep cheese called telemea or sheep cheese kept in bellows, called brânză de burduf.
However, this probably refers to a klobasnek.
Originating in Monferrato, the biscuits are common in both Piedmont and Liguria.
It is usually made with white flour, lard or olive oil, salt and water.
A unique feature of Sarawak's open houses is the modern layered cakes.
Tea loaf is now somewhat old-fashioned but is still available, and is particularly associated with Yorkshire.
Fish chowder is a type of chowder made with salmon, cod, or other fish.
Artichokes French is a common variation using artichoke hearts instead of chicken.
It is a well-known breakfast food in the states on the East Coast of Peninsular Malaysia and the southern Thai provinces of Pattani, Yala and Narathiwat.
Alternative names include Amriti, Emarti, Omriti, Jahangir and Jaangiri.
After the pastry has risen for approximately 30 minutes the result is an extreme light doughnut-like pastry.
Alcohol-infused whipped cream is whipped cream mixed with an alcoholic beverage.
It is made by roasting an entire pig with seasoning in a charcoal furnace at high temperature.
Pot liquor, sometimes spelled potlikker or pot likker is the liquid that is left behind after boiling greens or beans.
They can include anisbredela butterbredle, schwowebredle, spritzbredle, small pain d'épices and spice cakes that are made with sugar rather than honey.
Ice cream may be served with other desserts, such as apple pie.
After this, the mass is pressed into wooden, spindle-shaped forms in decorative shapes.
In Indonesian tumis kangkung means "stir-fried water spinach".
Panna cotta is an Italian dessert of sweetened cream thickened with gelatin and molded.
A briouat is a sweet or savory puff pastry.
The pastry can contain fruit or other fillings.
Pan mee is typically served in soup, together with dried anchovies, minced pork, mushrooms, and a leafy vegetable such as sweet potato leaves or sayur manis.
The skewers are either threaded with meat only, or with alternating pieces of meat, fat, and vegetables, such as bell pepper, onion, mushroom and tomato.
It is a popular dish that is widely available in India and countries with an Indian diaspora.
Today, the cakes are often sold in supermarkets throughout the United Kingdom.
As such, in Turkish metropolises, this dish can be called "Oltu kebabı" or "Tortum kebabı" depending on the origins of the chef.
It appears to have been invented in the nineteenth century, along with Battenberg, doughnuts and Victoria sponge.
Examples of bread types used for panini are baguette, ciabatta, and michetta.
Chicken and waffles refers to either of two American dishes – one from soul food, the other Pennsylvania Dutch – that combine chicken with waffles.
In Mexico, it occurs in restaurants more often in the north.
The chicken and beef have most often been pressure cooked so that the meat is tender and can be pulled apart with the fingers.
In the baked product, the filling forms a swirl adding to the character of the bread.
According to a 2009 survey, 88% of Georgians prefer khachapuri to pizza.
A chocolatier in Turin named Michele Prochet extended the little chocolate he had by mixing it with hazelnuts from the Langhe hills south of Turin.
It is an assortment of arare which has many savory flavors, squares of kombu and dried thick nori.
It may contain as much as 5% water, the sea salt from Sečovlje salt pans, little garlic, saltpetre and black pepper.
Steak de Burgo is a steak dish and a regional specialty in the Midwest, specifically Des Moines, Iowa.
It is popular in the Middle East.
Fritters are prepared in both sweet and savory varieties.
Rather than considering it a complete breakfast, it is more commonly served to accompany other dishes such as "Spinat und Spiegelei", cervelas or Fleischkäse.
Ramazan pidesi is a traditional soft leavened Turkish bread.
2004 - Original recipe of Pastel is carried by third generation to Mega Manila for production re-engineering.
Hove is a dialectal form of hovud, meaning head, and smale is a word for sheep, so Smalahove literally means sheep head.
It was the lungs of a sheep which was smoked with added salt and water.
Mukhwas is a colorful Indian after-meal snack or digestive aid widely used as a mouth freshener, especially after meals.
Rosette de Lyon is a cured saucisson or French pork sausage.
It has many variants, such as the Cape brandy pudding, which also includes brandy and dates, and the tipsy tart, which contains only brandy.
Dragon's beard candy is a handmade traditional art of China.
The bread is sometimes buttered and/or toasted.
Bread bowls are little known in the United Kingdom; in 2008 The Daily Telegraph reported that a company in Birmingham was making a naan bread version.
These may substitute other fruits, such as peaches, berries, or pears, for the apples.
Pancetta in Italy is often consumed raw.
It has been used as a remedy for hangover; it is referred to as levantamuertos.
A "Ginanggang Festival" is celebrated in honor of San Isidro Labrador every 2nd Sunday of May in Baranggay Poblacion, Tubod, Lanao del Norte.
Kömbe is a kind of börek from Hatay, Turkey.
It is usually served with white water buffalo milk butter and is very popular among Maharashtrians.
Another type of dumpling known as shui jiao is sometimes served in place of wonton.
Chewing gum is a soft, cohesive substance designed to be chewed without being swallowed.
It is a specialty of the Normandy region of France, but it can be found throughout the country.
Some varieties include banitsa with spinach "спаначник" or the sweet version, banitsa with milk "млечна баница" or pumpkin "тиквеник".
Manakish, also manaqish, manaeesh or manakeesh or in singular form man'ousheh is a popular Levantine food consisting of dough topped with thyme, cheese, or ground meat.
A mandoca is a Venezuelan deep fried cornmeal ring that is usually eaten with butter and cheese while still hot.
The balls are made, but they are not added to soup and are rather eaten on their own, and they are locally called supplì or arancini.
Xi gua lao is a traditional dish of Beijing cuisine.
Cheesecake sometimes serves as a groom's cake.
The Happy Cake is made from pineapple, macadamia nuts, and coconut.
Malasadas are eaten especially on Mardi Gras - the day before Ash Wednesday.
It is a simple complement to meals.
A third, lesser-known variety, the meatless gumbo z'herbes, is essentially a gumbo of slow-cooked greens.
Traditionally it was usually served in cuncas.
The fillings of khinkali vary with the area.
The sauce amounts are greater, relative to the light amounts of cheese placed on the pizza.
It has been mainly used for special occasions such as janchi, or jesa.
Nowadays, molagoottal has been adapted to include Western vegetables such as carrots, cabbage and potatoes.
All of these buns are made by wrapping a gelatinous filling in dough, which is then steamed to melt the filling into soup.
It is a side dish for the popular Hyderabadi biryani.
In 1915, Anfu ham was featured in the Panama–Pacific International Exposition.
It is a deep-fried "rice puff" with hollow inside, coated with honey followed by nutty beans, nuts, seeds, pollen, or spice powders.
It is a warm street food sold throughout Korea.
Tandoori chicken is chicken prepared as food by roasting, yoghurt and spice marinated chicken, in a tandoor, a cylindrical clay oven.
They are known locally as "kočičí jazýčky", "langue de chat", "Katzenzungen", "lingua di gatto", "língua de gato", "macskanyelv", or "lengua", "lidah kucing"
Genoa salami is an American variety of salami commonly believed to have originated in the area of Genoa.
Hokey pokey is the New Zealand term for honeycomb toffee.
The liquid is then allowed to ferment very slightly.
It is served with roasted potatoes and tartar sauce.
It is created by pouring an amount of whisky into a saucepan.
The soup is usually considered midrange to high-end in price depending on the ingredients.
Pignolo is a macaroon typical of Sicily, Italy.
Each piece is placed on a special board with a carved pattern to give the dough its intended form.
The Asian recipe usually uses tempura batter.
Variations, however are available throughout the wider Netherlands, Belgium and areas of the German state NRW that are near to the border with the Netherlands.
It is popularly served at holiday meals and is also considered a specialty of Southern U.S. cuisine.
A David Eyre's pancake is a variation on the Dutch baby pancake named after the American writer and editor David W. Eyre.
It is widely known as Turkish bagel in United States.
It is usually large, about 2 feet in diameter, and thin, almost translucent.
They are made from wheat flour, palm oil and yeast, and are commonly served with cheese or other savoury topping such as Marmite or Vegemite.
The finished disc is dusted with icing sugar.
They are served as a type of dim sum during yum cha and are sometimes sold in Chinese bakeries.
Fresh attiéké can spoil quickly, and should generally be consumed within 24 hours after preparation.
In Europe and the Americas, typical fillers include meat, fat, suet, bread, cornmeal, onion, chestnuts, barley, and oatmeal.
A cordon bleu or schnitzel cordon bleu is a dish of meat wrapped around cheese, then breaded and pan-fried or deep-fried.
Ch'arki is dried and salted meat common in South America, originally llama, nowadays mostly horse and beef.
XO sauce is a spicy seafood sauce that originated from Hong Kong.
Pan used to make it is similar to the one for Unni appam's.
The U.S. National Confectioners Association lists February 19 as "Chocolate Mint Day".
Coconut and coconut milk as well as some cloves are also added, mainly in the northern variety of this recipe.
For example, in Muslim areas in Xi'an, the meat is usually beef, and in Gansu Province it is often lamb.
The bread is used as an oven glove to grip the meat while the skewer is removed.
Picarones is a Peruvian dessert that originated in Lima during the viceroyalty.
The recipe to prepare the dough in the given case is similar to the one used for baursak.
It differs from other cakes because it uses no butter.
Malawach resembles a thick pancake, and it consists of thin layers of puff pastry brushed with oil or fat and cooked flat in a frying pan.
There is also a contest during Virolahti Week in which the best cook gets the title of Miss Hapanvelli.
Parts of its production are regulated by the European Union under the protected geographical indication status.
Each variety of chikki is named depending upon the ingredients used, which include puffed or roasted Bengal gram, sesame, puffed rice, beaten rice, or Khobara.
It is a cake with apples with salted butter caramel, eggs and almonds.
Normally, the tomatoes are skinned and then puréed with the other ingredients.
It is about 4 millimetres in width, which is wider than spaghetti but not as wide as fettuccine.
Macarons can be found in a wide variety of flavors that range from the traditional to the new.
In case of one-sheet version the cake includes the borders made of rolled "half-short" pastry.
The basic recipe has remained unchanged to the 21st century.
It is made of honey, hazelnuts, almonds, candied peel, and Kirsch.
It may be used in place of a sauce, and can significantly enhance a dish's flavor.
The chokladboll is usually slightly smaller than a golf ball.
Jokpyeon is sometimes classified as muk, a Korean jelly category made from grain starch, due to the similar appearance and characteristics.
It often uses brains and organ meats such as calf's head or a calf's foot to duplicate the texture and flavour of the original's turtle meat.
While making the dough; sliced onions and carrots, chopped coriander and cumin seeds can also be added for taste.
It is "usually a white flour or egg dough bread".
Once placed in its mold, it is placed in a large pot about a tenth filled with water.
In January 2015, Slovenia successfully entered it into the register of protected geographical indications, despite objections by Austria, Croatia and Germany.
The pancreatic enzymes which support the ripening make this version of salt herring especially mild and soft.
In other parts of Malaysia, the term Rojak Mamak is commonly used.
The Schweinshaxe is then roasted at low temperatures, typically—depending on size—for two to three hours.
Carrot cake is a cake that contains carrots mixed into the batter.
There is also a variant called "Keropok cheese" which is a mix of fish and selected cheese.
Korakhai is a traditional Oriya food, mainly served as a prasad in temples.
The result is tender, succulent meat and a rich liquid that lends itself to gravy.
The Natchitoches meat pie is a regional dish from northern Louisiana, United States.
Sheep sorrel soup is a soup made from Sheep's sorrel leaves, water, corn, beans, onions, butter and salt.
It can also be referred to as corn or maize flakes, but unlike the breakfast cereal cornflakes, these are not ready to eat.
It is made of steamed cylinders of ground rice layered with coconut.
In Austria its name is Bauernkrapfen or Kiachl.
Some trace this salad's roots to Salmagundi, a popular meat and salad dish originating in 17th century England and popular in colonial America.
Saffron was originally used for flavour and its attractive yellow colour.
The blue color of the rice comes from the petals of Clitoria ternatea flowers used in cooking it.
It consists of sheep's feet and stuffed sheep's tripe stewed together.
Proben is a type of street food popular in some regions of the Philippines.
Shawarma can be served on a plate, or as a sandwich or wrap.
It is no longer a popular dish, with less than 3% of British teenagers surveyed having eaten it.
Tofu can be used in place of meat.
Soubise sauce was originally a slow-cooked onion and Bechamel mixture used with various meats, game, poultry and vegetables dating back to the 1850s.
A recipe from a 1881 cookbook refers to Paris buns as "Scotch" and says that three of the buns cost a penny.
Zarda is typically served after a meal.
In 2013, Honda invested about 5.7% of its revenues in research and development.
The other varieties are Khai and Ukhuda.
This iconic version is what most North Americans know as roti.
It is usually cube-shaped or served as flakes, and has a crisp and flaky texture.
Sometimes additional flavoring such as vanilla or brandy is added to the sauce.
By the end of the 19th century the pancakes had become a Liège speciality.
There are two mechanisms for this preservation: dehydration and the antibacterial properties of phenols and other chemicals in the absorbed smoke.
The final product is covered in chocolate fondant.
In almost all Malay kuih, the most common flavouring ingredients are grated coconut, coconut cream, pandan leaves and gula melaka.
Rice, potatoes, scrambled eggs, and vegetables are common additions to saltah.
Two bars in Minneapolis claim to be the inventor of the burger, though other bars and restaurants have created their own interpretations on the style.
Crete is famous for its small cheese or herb pies, called kalitsounia.
Chicken flavored food must be flavored with chicken digest.
The following link gives information about preparation of this dish.
Pisang raja is a popular kind of banana used for pisang goreng.
It is often used to just refer to the Gudbrandsdalsost type, which is the most popular variety.
Typically they are made with an enriched dough bread roll that is split after baking and cooling and filled with cream.
A freezie, freeze pop, freezer pop, ice-pole, pop stick, icy-pole, ice pop, tip top, chihiro, ice candy, aiskrim Malaysia or potong is a water-based frozen snack.
Poʻe should not be confused with the better-known Hawaiian poi made from taro and water, or the Hawaiian poke made from fish.
"chao shou" was originally "shou chao", meaning "hand-folded".
The Prinzregententorte is very popular in Bavaria, available in cake shops all year round.
Damper is a traditional Australian soda bread, historically prepared by swagmen, drovers, stockmen and other travellers.
It is commonly found in Central and East Java.
It is sometimes referred to as "Okinawan style Okonomiyaki," but it is the home cooking of Okinawa that is similar to the Chijimi.
They are usually unsmoked or lightly smoked, and sold in pairs joined at one end.
Some recipe variations in both cases call for a coating of soy flour to be applied to the botamochi/ohagi after the azuki paste.
The square shaped pizza is the result of being baked in a square pan, which is often not a pizza pan.
Rasabali is a sweet dish from Odisha, India.
The digestive was first developed in 1839 by two Scottish doctors to aid digestion.
In English the word is used to refer to a traditional Welsh soup.
Many people believe that its lack of eggs or the unconventional "divot wells" method of preparation.
Curry puffs are enjoyed throughout Brunei, Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand, and India.
Pichelsteiner is a German stew that contains several kinds of meat and vegetables.
In Russia, where shchi has been the staple soup, sorrel soup is also called green shchi.
Carne de chango is a lime-marinated, smoke-cured cut of pork loin principally seen in the Catemaco region of the state of Veracruz in Mexico.
Fårikål Feast Day is celebrated on the last Thursday in September each year.
Vietnamese cuisine includes many types of noodles.
Shortcake is a sweet cake or biscuit.
The pungent odor of the fermenting starter has been described as similar to "very ripe cheese".
Karedok is part of a wide range of Indonesian dressing and salad combinations, along with lotek, pecel and gado-gado.
Sometimes a podpłomyk was made to test the temperature of the baker's oven before the first batch of bread was made.
Also, the fat content is considerably lower than other sausages, usually between 10 and 15%.
A nut butter is a spreadable foodstuff made by grinding nuts into a paste.
It is a signature product of the Tolosana bakeries.
A financier) is a small French almond cake, flavoured with beurre noisette, usually baked in a small mold.
This ensures that every new variety though mixed with different ingredients does not lose its basic nature.
Due to the large German immigration to South Australia, mettwurst is very common and is created in the North German style.
Beef noodle is often served as fast food in China, with Mr. Lee being the largest chain.
Laddus are made of flour, minced dough and sugar with other ingredients that vary by recipe.
In Finland, bread is a very important food, served with almost every meal with many different types produced domestically.
A traditional Odia dish, it is prepared with rice, curd, cucumber, cumin seeds, fried onions and mint leaves.
Bubble tea is a Taiwanese tea-based drink invented in Taichung in the 1980s.
Aborrajado is a dish of deep fried plantains stuffed with cheese in Colombian cuisine.
Liver pâté is a meat spread popular in northern and eastern Europe.
The filling is made of curd cheese, eggs, heavy cream, oil and butter.
Although originating in Thailand, it is consumed throughout the Indochina region of Southeast Asia, including Laos, Cambodia, and Vietnam.
It is often served with sugar, cocoa powder, cinnamon, raisins, fruit, or syrup.
Kue bugis, together with kue lapis and nagasari are among popular kue or Indonesian traditional sweet snacks, commonly found in Indonesian traditional marketplace as jajan pasar.
This bread usually has sugar in it, which makes it sweeter than most French breads.
Kwāti is eaten as a delicacy and for its health benefits and ritual significance.
The yogurt may be seasoned with coriander, roasted cumin seeds; mint, cayenne pepper, chaat masala and other herbs and spices.
Custard is a variety of culinary preparations based on a cooked mixture of milk or cream and egg yolk.
Karelian pasties, Karelian pies or Karelian pirogs are traditional pasties or pirogs from the region of Karelia.
Mitmita is a powdered seasoning mix used in Ethiopia.
References to uirō as a confection first appear in the Wa-Kan Sansai Zue, Ryōan Terajima's massive Edo-period dictionary published in 1712.
The most common is white-, pale green-, or pale pink-colored mochi filled with anko.
Significant nutritional loss can result from omitting crusts from bread.
Kesari bhat is a sweet Indian food that is popular throughout the country.
In Lazio and Umbria they are called sfrizzoli.
The syrup concoction, which is now very thick, can be poured into a mold or tray to cool.
As dripping is left over from cooking a joint of meat, it is economical and filling, and has long been a popular snack with schoolboys.
There is disagreement about which beauty the dish was named after: the actress Dame Judic, or Anna Deslions.
It is oven-baked in a crock, and often served with a sauce of sour cream and pork flitch.
Wet walnut topping is similar in some respects to pralines, except that the walnuts are always served in syrup, rather than as individual pieces.
Dahi Machha is a traditional Oriya delicacy made of fish in a spicy yogurt based sauce.
It composed of a mixture of ground pork wrapped in molo or wonton wrapper, shredded chicken meat, and also shrimps.
Clove and bay leaves are added to the thick gravy.
Raw green beans harvested in the spring, when they are still young and crisp, may be included.
This tidbit is a piece of pale green marzipan, with dark green netting, filled with a chocolate ganache flavored with curaçao liqueur.
Pio Quinto is a Nicaraguan dessert consisting of cake drenched in rum, topped with a custard, and dusted with cinnamon.
Vada [vəɽɑː] is a common term for many different types of savoury fried snacks from India.
It is mostly sold in roadside stands and in various fast food stores.
Lady Arundel's Manchet is a traditional version of a manchet, a traditional English yeast bread from Sussex.
Har cheong gai, is a Singaporean fried chicken dish, consisting of fried chicken wings in a batter with fermented shrimp paste.
Also, the Neapolitan soffritto contains much more onion compared to the Bolognese.
It is a traditional French-Canadian dish served by generations of French-Canadian families throughout Canada and the bordering areas of the United States.
A few of the famous varieties of barfi include besan barfi, kaaju barfi, pista barfi, and sing barfi.
Ones that are made in Cheonan, South Chungcheong Province, are called "Cheonan hodu-gwaja" and are a local specialty.
Grits are popular as a dinner entrée, shrimp and grits, served primarily in the Southern United States.
Camote cue or camote fritter is a popular snack food in the Philippines made from camote.
The result is a smooth, caramelized sauce with a medium brown color, thick enough to be eaten with a spoon.
It is commonly found in yum cha restaurants in Guangdong, Hong Kong, and even overseas, as well as in cha chaan tengs.
The dish is cooked in a pot with a well-fitting lid in order to steam the ingredients left uncovered by the broth.
Other variations are made depending on the region or the baker.
It is readily available in most parts of the country.
Flash-frying is the preferred method of preparation, after which it can be eaten like a potato chip.
Simpler versions replace poached pears with canned pears and sliced almonds.
Today, Ragout fin is most likely to be found canned, being prepared significantly different from the original recipe.
In the Chaoshan dialect, popiah is pronounced as /poʔ˩piã˥˧/(薄餅).
Bebinca, also known as bibik or bebinka, is a type of pudding and a traditional Goan dessert.
The first one was sold in the United States in 1922 and named after the Klondike River in Alaska and Canada.
It has a shiny and golden look.
The crusts of the bread are cut away cleanly, creating tea sandwiches.
Chatang or seasoned flour mush is a traditional gruel common to both Beijing cuisine and Tianjin cuisine, and often sold as a snack on the street.
Kare Kare can also be made with seafood or all vegetables.
Bassett's use the story of their creation in their marketing.
The current standard Dutch vlaai was created in the town Weert, and is therefore also known as Weertervlaai.
Sometimes it is also garnished with scraped coconut.
The dish is flavoured with paprika and summer savoury and various other herbs, and may be cooked in a pan or in the oven.
The ingredients are sometimes stir-fried before being boiled.
In poor times the pastry served as a side dish for sauerkraut and blood or liver sausage.
An Arizona cheese crisp is an open-faced, flour tortilla covered in shredded cheese.
Chhena poda is a cheese dessert from the state of Odisha in eastern India.
Due to its fatty texture and taste, it resembles French rillettes.
Unlike the other popular chilli crab dish, it is not cooked in a sauce and therefore has a dry consistency.
In Jamaican cuisine, Solomon Gundy is a pickled fish pâté usually served with crackers as an appetizer.
The griddle scone or girdle scone is a variety of scone which is baked on a griddle or frying pan rather than in an oven.
Depending on the proportions used it can range from a runny consistency to fairly thick, and can be similar to tapioca pudding or rice pudding.
As it is popularly eaten soft, it is usually served fresh.
It is traditional to offer folar to godfathers and priests at Easter, in imitation of the distribution of bread at the Last Supper.
It is prepared by soaking rice, generally leftover, in water overnight.
It is made by putting cheese and sliced ham between two slices of bread.
Halva can be kept at room temperature with little risk of spoilage.
This "Lobio" or the kidney beans is the most important ingredient for making Lobiani.
Apart from casual drinking, Aila is an important part of festivals in Nepal.
Egg roll is a term used for many different foods around the world.
The best selling brands are the New York Brand of the T. Marzetti Company, Pepperidge Farm, and Coles.
A Bacon Explosion is a pork dish that consists of bacon wrapped around a filling of spiced sausage and crumbled bacon.
It may be served with ripe avocado.
Another way to save the grated coconut residue is to saute them as serundeng.
Such inexpensive cuts usually require long periods of preparation.
Typical marinade ingredients include salt, garlic, paprika and hot peppers.
A simple yet rich dish, often eaten without other complementary dishes, it is traditionally served at breakfast and is also fed to women in labor.
Sekihan is so strongly connected with celebrations that the phrase "Let's have sekihan" has acquired the meaning "Let's celebrate."
Chicken lollipop is, essentially a frenched chicken winglet, where in the meat is cut loose from the bone end and pushed down creating a lollipop appearance.
Typical other vegetables include tomatoes and okra.
It contains sorghum flour, wheat flour and milk.
Besides being made at home, the pickles are available commercially and are exported to the United States, Europe, Japan and many other countries.
The traditional way to eat this dish, follows two steps.
Black sesame roll is a refrigerated dim sum dessert found in Hong Kong and some overseas Chinatowns.
It is eaten with a variety of foods, particularly:
The meat cubes are marinated overnight or longer in a special marinade, then grilled on spits over a charcoal pit.
Compound chocolate is a product made from a combination of cocoa, vegetable fat, and sweeteners.
A London bun is a square-shaped bun made of rich yeast dough flavored with currants and topped with white sugar icing.
Its defining characteristic is that it is unleavened.
The thick gravy is made of corn starch, spices and eggs.
It is also part of the Awadhi cuisine and is enjoyed in Old Bhopal, especially with meat delicacies.
An infobox is a template used to collect and present a subset of information about its subject, such as a document.
It is let stand to allow sediment to settle to the bottom.
A coulibiac is a type of Russian pirog usually filled with salmon or sturgeon, rice or buckwheat, hard-boiled eggs, mushrooms, onions, and dill.
It has become a staple of everyday and holiday cuisine throughout the country.
It is common in Upper Hesse, Franconia, Middle Franconia, Rhön and Hohenlohe.
Cao lầu differs from typical Vietnamese noodle dishes because it has no soup.
In the UK, a biscuit made without an external coating may only be described as "chocolate" if it contains at least 3% of dry cocoa solids.
The liquid sauces were thickened using maizena.
The preparation of a chiffon pie can be simplified by using flavored gelatin mix and artificial whipped cream substitute.
The potatoes are showcased as a seasonal product by Philadelphia-area supermarkets, such as Wegmans.
Common forms of pasta include long shapes, short shapes, tubes, flat shapes and sheets, miniature soup shapes, filled or stuffed and specialty or decorative shapes.
Kaeng khae is a curry of northern Thai cuisine.
Many regions have their own variations on the recipe.
It has been described as a national dish of Lithuania, and is typically served as an entree.
In Italy they are now marketed as a variety of digestive biscuit, having previously been known as Suncrok.
The other filling ingredients are herbs, parmesan cheese, bread crumbs, eggs, nutmeg, sage, onion, garlic and salt.
Biltong, a cured meat that originated in South Africa.
Soan papdi  is a popular North Indian dessert.
The Ben Tre Province is nicknamed by Vietnamese as the "Land of Coconut".
Analı Kızlı means, literally, 'with daughters and mothers', daughters being the chickpeas, and mothers the bulgur balls, all in a soup like a yogurt sauce.
Wacky Cake may have been created as the result of rationing during World War II, when milk and eggs were scarce.
In Maharashtra, this dish is also known as Suralichi vadi or Patuli.
Red velvet cake is often made by dyeing chocolate cake red.
Usually, parottas are eaten with vegetable kuruma or chicken, mutton or beef saalna.
These are barely covered with water or stock and simmered for three hours.
Cold lou mei is often served with a side of hot braising liquid for immediate mixing.
It is one of the most popular varieties within Germany, and can be found abroad.
Outside South Asia, chicken curry is often made with a pre-made spice mixture known as curry powder.
The meat is softened by boiling and separated into very fine fibers or rillettes.
It is made from mat bean, wheat flour and oil.
Some instant noodle products are seal packed; these can be reheated or eaten straight from the packet/container.
Raisins and cinnamon are ingredients in most variants.
It is oven-baked in a deep dish but is not usually made with the shortcrust or puff pastry casing that is associated with most savoury pies.
It can be seasoned with either spicy gochujang or non-spicy ganjang-based sauce; the former being the prototype, and the latter often called gungjung-tteok-bokki.
They are also used to describe certain forms of incense.
As its full name, wingko babat, suggests, wingko actually originated in Babat, a small regency in Lamongan, a municipality in East Java.
Salads may be served at any point during a meal:
Then it is baked at a relatively high temperature until set.
3,000 copies of a 5" CD single were produced that were exclusively sold at concerts.
Basil, bay leaf, thyme, oregano, peppercorns, cloves, olives, and mushrooms may be included depending on taste preferences.
The most famous brand is "18th Street Fried Dough Twists" from Tianjin, because the shop originated from the 18th Street of the old town.
 The cake has been a tradition in Southern cuisine since the mid-19th century.
The two sheets are "glued" together with a help of a layer of marmalade.
In some jurisdictions margarine must have a minimum fat content of 80% to be labelled as such, the same as butter.
Banana leaf meals are eaten by hand.
It occasionally has other spices including cinnamon, cumin, and ginger.
Karadantu means fried-edible gum in the local language, Kannada.
The name probably derives from the city of Nice in the south of France.
The dal cooked with mutton and vegetables served with brown rice, altogether is called dhansak.
They are the Sephardic equivalent to the Ashkenazi hamantashen.
A butter pie is a traditional savoury pie consisting mainly of onions and potatoes.
Although American, persimmon pudding is similar to traditional English dessert puddings, such as Christmas pudding or quince pudding.
It is made from almonds, egg yolks, sugar and sometimes acorns.
One serving of zerde has approximately 215 calories.
Ginger pickle is a very popular pickle in Andhra Pradesh, India.
Technically it is called a "boneless chuck shoulder center cut steak", but supermarkets usually use the shorter and more memorable term: "Ranch steak".
Contemporary commercially made curds remain a popular spread for bread, scones, toast, waffles, crumpets, pancakes, cheesecake, or muffins.
The cocktail bun is a Hong Kong-style sweet bun with a filling of shredded coconut.
Meat and vegetables are added on top.
It is often served as a dressing on sabikh and as an optional topping on falafel, meorav yerushalmi, kebab, salads and shawarma sandwiches.
Kachumber is a salad dish in Indian cuisine consisting of fresh chopped tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, and sometimes, chili peppers.
The cooking process used in making lemang for many different meats, also known as "pansoh/pansuh" by indigenous Dayak communities.
Seon is a traditional Korean dish made from steamed vegetables such as zucchini, cucumber, eggplant or Napa cabbage and stuffed with meat.
Sol over Gudhjem, literally 'sun over Gudhjem', is a Danish dish, an open sandwich with rugbrød, smoked herring, chives and a raw egg yolk on top.
Yeot is made from steamed rice, glutinous rice, glutinous sorghum, corn, sweet potatoes, or mixed grains.
Modern recipes call for placing the mixture in a baking pan, covering it with aluminum foil, and baking in a standard oven for about 1–2 hours.
Phat si-io is a Chinese-influenced stir fried noodle dish that is commonly eaten in Thailand.
Fried Coke is a frozen Coca-Cola-flavored batter that is deep-fried and then topped with Coca-Cola syrup, whipped cream, cinnamon sugar, and a cherry.
Corunda is a Mexican food, similar to tamales, but wrapped in a long green corn plant leaf, and folded, making a triangular shape or spherical shape.
French dressing is a term originally used for any oil-and-vinegar-based salad dressing.
Variations available, some of them limited editions, include Caramilk made with dark chocolate flavoured maple, chocolate flavoured, or cappuccino.
The name originates from the Old Slavonic word kolo meaning "circle", "wheel".
The filling may be covered with a thin layer of similarly flavoured gelatin.
Cozonac or Kozunak, from Greek: ϰοσώνα, is a traditional Romanian and Bulgarian sweet leavened bread, which is a type of Stollen.
In the United States, consumers sometimes refer to white bread as sandwich bread and sandwich loaf.
After he scrambled to re-arrange them, the client was intrigued by the new creation.
We are "all the children of that One God".
If served with onions, the onions can either be buried under the sauce, under the hot dog itself, or sprinkled on top of the sauce.
It is served with cream in winter and with ice cream in summer.
Traditionally made on bakestones or griddles, crempog is one of the oldest recipes in Wales.
The term "benne dosa" in English language simply corresponds to butter dosa.
It is a sweet jelly, which resembles a marmalade because of its hard texture.
Muhammara or mhammara is a hot pepper dip originally from Aleppo, Syria, found in Levantine and Turkish cuisines.
This dessert can be found in the menu of many Chinese restaurants and dessert stores in Hong Kong as well as Singapore and Taiwan.
Neapolitan wafers are a wafer and chocolate-cream sandwich biscuit, first made by Austrian company Manner in 1898.
It is a popular dish in North India, an everyday rice dish.
When the dough and filling mixture is rolled it is also known as a makowiec, makownik, poteca, strucla z makiem, strucla orzechowa, strucla z migdalowa.
Kabanos  is a Polish long thin dry sausage made of pork.
Its name is derived from the pilchard industry in Cornwall prior to the 20th century when a 'huer' helped locate shoals of fish.
Some restaurants add sirene or eggs, but this is not traditional; some people also use savory and peppers.
It is prepared a little differently from in Sri Lanka.
This classic dessert was served in the royal court during the Joseon dynasty.
Poornalu follows the traditional methods common to all South Indian cuisines.
Scottish frying techniques and West African seasoning techniques were combined by enslaved Africans and African-Americans in the American South.
The process of caramelization consists of heating sugar slowly to around 170 °C.
Douhua is the short form of doufuhua.
In Germany in the trade, at least 30 parts butter, clarified butter or butterfat must be used to 100 parts of flour.
Valdiviano, as well as referring to inhabitants of Valdivia, Chile, is a Chilean dish, consisting of a soup made with charqui and onions.
Korean noodles are noodles or noodle dishes in Korean cuisine, and are collectively referred to as "guksu" in native Korean or "myeon" in Sino-Korean vocabulary.
It can be viewed as a Nepalese precursor of Western Biscuits or cookies.
It is also exported to Japan and the Pacific.
According to Larousse Gastronomique, "Opéra gâteau is an elaborate almond sponge cake with a coffee and chocolate filling and icing."
The Norwegian and Danish word pølse means sausage and even if the two dishes don't look the same, the two words are related.
The origin of the name "neenish" is unknown.
It is made of fresh vegetables and is served as an accompaniment for rice, snacks like idli, dosa, and pesarattu.
According to news website The Post, the Sloppy Giuseppe caused the average customer to spend an extra 11% in Pizza Express's Irish outlets.
The Calenberger Pfannenschlag or Knipp is a very similar dish from the Calenberg Land near Hanover, which can however be made from pork.
Fläskpannkaka is a Scandinavian oven-made pancake baked from eggs, milk, flour, salt and containing pieces of sliced pork.
It is often used in less expensive candy bars to replace enrobed chocolate on a product.
As implied by the name this is a favourite of hunters, fishermen, and other outdoor workers.
They are only called rotini in America, while the Italian name is fusilli.
It is very popular in Hong Kong, where pudding is eaten as a traditional British food.
A variation is known as red Russian dressing, and is very much like Catalina or French dressing.
Pastilla is a traditional Andalusian dish consumed in countries of the Maghreb.
Ancestors of the cracker can be found in ancient flatbreads, such as lavash, pita, matzo, flatbrød, and crisp bread.
Sausage bread has been modified into sausage bread pudding in an LA Times recipe.
Spumoni is a staple dessert in Italian culture after a dinner of ravioli.
These are similar to European Christmas fruit cakes served during Christmas eve meals.
It is said to incorporate 160 spices.
The party ring is a British biscuit first made by Fox's Biscuits in 1983.
It often has Chinese sausage and a portion of a hard-boiled egg inside.
His doctor advised him not to drink coffee so he asked the confectioner Theodorus van Haaren to make him some "lumps of coffee".
Biscuit is a term used for a variety of primarily flour-based baked food products.
The yeast creates bubbles, which gives it a unique spongy texture when it is baked.
On the Big Island of Hawai'i, it is also referred to as 'ice shave', though both terms are used by locals.
The khapse dough is then deep fried which gives it its light brown/yellow colour.
A börek may be prepared in a large pan and cut into portions after baking, or as individual pastries.
Cinnamon toothpicks are wooden toothpicks, round with one or two pointed ends, that have been soaked in oleoresin of cinnamon or cinnamon extract, then dried.
These sweet rolls are similar to bigger Indonesian pia, the only difference being the size.
Nagasari sometimes appear in different colors, with white being its normal color.
Its name is a compound word which derives from "karýdia" and "pita".
It is made by simmering strips of young, gelatinous coconut in water and then mixing with white or brown sugar.
Lean Hog is a type of hog that can be easily traded in mercantile and option exchanges.
Regional variation of the snack varies by adding capsicum, onions, or pickled mangos.
The hot pot is usually seasoned with black peppercorns and salt.
The soup often includes onions and potatoes and is simply seasoned with salt and pepper or bay leaf.
Other ingredients are added but each personal family recipe does differ.
Angel Delight is a powdered dessert product produced in the United Kingdom.
Fricot a la belette was one term for this, which means "weasel stew".
Harira is a traditional soup of the Maghreb region, consumed in Morocco and western Algeria.
Gyeongju bread is made from a mixture of eggs and wheat flour, with the red bean filling being almost 70% of the pastry.
Dips are commonly used for finger foods, appetizers, and other easily held foods.
There are many variations of gata and typically specific towns or regions will have their own version.
Typically, the iron stamps a snowflake pattern onto both sides of the thin golden-brown cookie, which has a crisp texture once it is cooled.
It is similar in taste to Mexican sopapillas.
Close analogues are yakitori from Japan, chuanr from China, shish kebab from Turkey and the Middle East, shashlik from the Caucasus and sosatie from South Africa.
The name is modeled on Welsh rarebit.
The dough is rolled and traditionally cut into the shape or stars and crescent moons .
Ga'at is a stiff porridge eaten in Ethiopia and Eritrea.
The mixture is then allowed to go through a slow natural sweetening process before being baked in an oven until set with Maillard reaction.
One is white and another is black.
These salads were popular in the 1960s.
They can also be made from sweet potatoes.
In Betawi culture nasi kebuli usually served during Islamic religious festivities, such as hari raya lebaran, kurban or maulid nabi.
Traditionally, large amounts of powidl to be used as a winter store and natural sweetener were prepared in late autumn during a communal event.
Mustard and sometimes honey mustard are common condiments.
The cat tongue is shaped somewhat like the tongue of a cat.
A piece of pork belly—variants use beef flank or lamb—is flattened out and is spread with herbs and seasoning, chopped onions and, in some variants, parsley.
Slice and serve it with polenta and red wine.
The dish is braised in the stock produced by boiling the pieces of bacon and sausages.
A fire is started on top of the meat on the ground to ensure proper temperature.
Kalakukko obtained Traditional Speciality Guaranteed status in Europe in 2002.
Dripping cakes are very rich and sweet, and despite contemporary concerns about high-calorie, high-fat foods, are still popular.
Pepper Pot is a thick stew of beef tripe, vegetables, pepper and other seasonings.
Other seasonings such as allspice and bay leaf may be used too.
They are in the shape of a figure 8, and are formally supposed to be 22 millimeters long and 12 millimeters wide.
Gnudi became a popular dish after a special version was served at The Spotted Pig restaurant in New York City.
Chinese immigrants have introduced it to the United States, where it is known as "spicy soup".
It is made by deep-frying maida flour batter in pretzel or circular shapes, which are then soaked in sugar syrup.
Sometimes a candy thermometer is used, as making caramel is time-consuming and requires skill to make well without burning the sugar.
J.P. Rademaker copied the hopjes and marketed them as "the only real Haagse Hopjes".
Its name supposedly alludes to its dietary fibre content.
It is similar to North African Berkoukes and Israeli ptitim.
Sesame seed cake is a cake made of sesame seeds, often combined with honey as a sweetener.
The omelette commonly includes finely chopped green chili peppers and onions, finely chopped fresh green coriander, salt, and zeera.
In the United States the sale of alcohol-infused whipped cream is regulated as a "distilled spirits specialty product".
Kyay oh is a popular noodle soup made with pork and egg in Burmese cuisine.
Nevertheless, today virtually any type of meat is suitable to its production, the most common being beef, deer and pork.
In the United States, 52% of canned tuna is used for sandwiches.
Other herbs such as parsley and thyme are often used, although these are not considered authentic Lincolnshire sausages.
Cap cai sometimes spelled cap cay is the Hokkien-derived term for a popular Chinese Indonesian stir fried vegetable dish that originates from Fujian cuisine.
The chemical principle that makes sobrassada is the dehydration of meat under certain weather conditions which are typical of the late Balearic autumn.
For instance, in Maharashtra, it is called sheera and in North India it is called sooji halwa.
After fermentation, the kenkey is partially cooked, wrapped in banana leaves, corn husks, or foil, and steamed.
Then, the beef is seared in the wok.
Kue lapis is Indonesian kue, or a traditional snack of colourful layered soft rice flour pudding.
The word tikka means "bits" or "pieces".
Tahini cookie is a cookie made of tahini, flour, sugar and butter and usually topped with almonds or pine nuts.
While the spicy flavour is remained intact now, the meat used is tender mutton."
Pickles, celery, relish, and onion are ingredients that are often added.
The meringues are prepared from whipped egg whites, sugar and vanilla extract then quickly poached.
Frozen bananas are desserts made by placing a banana upon a stick, freezing it, and usually dipping it in melted chocolate.
Commonly confused with the snow cone, the ice of a sno-ball is fine and fluffy; while a snow cone's ice is coarse, crunchy, and granular.
In Brazil, they are manufactured by Zermatt and Kopenhagen.
Traditionally, duck eggs are used for the pasta.
The treats are about the size of a large marble and are especially popular around St. Patrick's Day.
The dish contains green chillies, peanuts, sesame seeds, dry coconut, cumin seeds, ginger and garlic paste, turmeric powder, bay leaf and thick tamarind juice.
Bougatsa is a Greek breakfast pastry consisting of either semolina custard, cheese, or minced meat filling between layers of phyllo.
Quick breads include many cakes, brownies and cookies—as well as banana bread, beer bread, biscuits, cornbread, muffins, pancakes, scones, and soda bread.
But it has gained significance in Philippine culture as comfort food.
Madras curry or Madras sauce is a fairly hot curry sauce, red in colour and with heavy use of chili powder.
It is a potluck and party staple in Iowa, where the "salad" is popular alongside glorified rice, Watergate salad, jello salad and hotdish.
The custard base is traditionally flavored with vanilla, but can have a variety of other flavorings.
It is occasionally served as wrap, similar to tortillas for fajitas.
It is often bought bottled, or prepared by mixing oil and vinegar with a packaged flavoring mix consisting of dehydrated vegetables and herbs.
Jet-Puffed Marshmallows are a product first introduced in 1958.
It is generally prepared as a canned food, in glass jars, for the winter season.
These are seasoned in soy sauce and garlic, and then placed at the bottom of a tin bowl.
It forms the basis for much of modern chocolate, and is used in ice cream, hot cocoa, and baking.
Raspberry Ripple is a popular flavour of ice cream in Great Britain and elsewhere.
Katong Laksa is a variant of laksa lemak inspired by the Straits Chinese who live in the precinct of Katong in Singapore.
In modern times, the dish uses taro leaves, salted butterfish, and either pork, beef, or chicken and is usually steamed on the stove.
Rice noodles are noodles that are made from rice.
Peanut sauce goes well with chicken, meat and vegetables.
Slow roasting or barbecuing for as much as 10–12 hours creates a tender finished product.
In Germany, the cookies are commonly filled with sweet stuffings.
A similar kind of bread called vetekrans or vetelängd is made in Sweden.
It was a well-known dish in the Victorian era, and is mentioned in Mrs Beeton's Book of Household Management.
It was the sweet chosen to represent Romania in the Café Europe initiative of the Austrian presidency of the European Union, on Europe Day 2006.
The process of sharing the starter makes it somewhat like a chain letter.
Present-day Amsterdam Ossenworst is made with lean beef, and the sausage is now often neither smoked nor aged.
Most commonly it is served alongside the actual meal.
Apam balik or terang bulan in Indonesia is a type of griddle pancake common in Southeast Asia.
It is a part of the cuisine in the Salento region of Italy.
In the Dominican Republic it is alternately called locrio de pollo, and in Saint Martin it is called lokri or locreo.
This allows the vegetables to retain their texture.
The sellers of this snack usually operate near schools or traditional markets.
Quindim is a popular Brazilian baked dessert, made chiefly from sugar, egg yolks, and ground coconut.
Kita, or chechebsa, is a relatively thin unleavened bread typically made of wheat.
Steamed bread is produced and consumed all around the world.
It is considered to be a "child" of the mother Hollandaise sauce, one of the five mother sauces in the French haute cuisine repertoire.
Pudding may also refer to other dishes such as bread pudding and rice pudding, although typically these names derive from the origin as British dishes.
A Michigan salad is a type of green salad popular at restaurants in the Detroit area and other parts of Michigan.
Fresh-baked cookies are sold at bakeries and coffeehouses, with the latter ranging from small business-sized establishments to multinational corporations such as Starbucks.
The base is typically starch/flour, gum arabic, gelatin or a combination thereof.
Due to this, folding the leaf outwards is considered rude in any other circumstance.
It includes ground yam, pumpkin, cassava, potatoes and green bananas, cooked until very soft.
After further kneading the Butterkuchen is baked.
The Nawabs of Uttar Pradesh and Hyderabad Deccan contributed a great deal in the promotion and invention of new varieties of vegetable tarkaris.
The earliest evidence of use traces to the Mokaya, with evidence of chocolate beverages dating back to 1900 BCE.
The name derives from the Italian for little rag.
Chuan originated in the Xinjiang region of China.
The word crépine is French for "pig's caul".
The cucumbers may on rare occasions be replaced with lettuce or carrots.
They are made with fruit and fruit peel and are similar to bath buns, which are sprinkled and cooked with sugar nibs.
The meat is mixed with milk, sugar, cracked rice and/or other thickeners, and often some sort of flavoring such as cinnamon.
The degree of rareness and the amount of charring on the outside may vary according to taste.
It is also offered as a offering in the Jagannath Temple, Puri.
A boule can be leavened with commercial yeast, chemical leavening, or even wild yeast sourdough.
Originally, it could be found only in the region of Hamburg, but now Franzbrötchen are also sold in Bremen, Berlin and other German cities.
Divinity is a nougat-like confection made with egg white, corn syrup, and sugar.
A honey bun is a sweet roll of Swedish origin, somewhat similar to the cinnamon bun.
When departing from Beijing, Baoding is the first major city on the Beijing-Hankou railway line.
The potatoes, usually smaller ones, are first deep fried, then cooked slowly at low flame in a gravy with spices.
The main ingredients are mangoes and aavalu and a combination of other spices used for pickling.
Empal gentong can be eaten with steamed rice, ketupat or lontong.
The savoury end is traditionally meat with diced potatoes and vegetables, and the sweet end is usually jam, or sweetened apple or other fruit.
The kind of meat used in smoking process might be pork, beef or game animals such as venison.
Other parts of the world use sugar cane that grows taller and thicker, as it produces more sugar.
The wheat is harvested while the grains are yellow and the seeds still are soft; it then is piled and sun-dried.
Other brands are marketed as ice cream sundae toppings.
Pasta is largely carbohydrates, with moderate amounts of protein and manganese.
Jamón ibérico, "Iberian ham", is a type of cured ham produced in Spain and Portugal.
Blodpalt or veripalttu, is an old-fashioned dish still fairly common in northern Finland and parts of northern Sweden.
Fregula is a type of pasta from Sardegna.
They are made by wrapping pockets of unleavened dough around a savory or sweet filling and cooking them in boiling water.
Espasol or Baye-Baye is a cylinder-shaped Filipino rice cake originating from the province of Laguna.
The soup is actually cream of corn soup with egg white and crab meat or imitation crab meat added.
Some other recipes include additional ingredients such as red wine, white wine, port, mustard, lemon or orange zest, and very occasionally shallots.
Pig, cattle, sheep, duck, and goat blood can be used, varying by country.
The shortcake pieces are imprinted with faces that have holes where the eyes and mouth would go which allows one to see the filling.
Crackers such as oyster crackers or saltines may accompany chowders as a side item, and cracker pieces may be dropped atop the dish.
The ingredients are usually cut into large pieces rather than finely chopped or minced.
Introduced in 1942, the loaf was made from wholemeal flour to combat wartime shortages of white flour.
It is most notable in Silesia, where it is served almost exclusively on Christmas Eve.
The dough is typically made from flour and water only.
Ciabatta is somewhat elongated, broad, and flat, and is baked in many variations.
It is cooked in a variety of ways, including baking it on a hot griddle or pan, or in an oven.
Seafood, abundant in the region, found its way inside the plantain ball too, but with braised meat or more seafood poured over it.
It is usually cooked with a certain amount of searing to impart a charred flavor.
Hagebuttenmark is also called Hägenmark, Hiffenmark or Buttenmost, is the traditional name for a fruit preserve made from rose hips, sugar and sometimes red wine.
Many recipes add tomatoes or canned tomato sauce, while others add beef broth and/or brandy or other distilled spirits.
Daube with lamb is traditionally made with white wine.
A teacake in England is a light yeast-based sweet bun containing dried fruit, typically served toasted and buttered.
It is listed at number 14 on World's 50 most delicious foods readers' poll compiled by CNN Go in 2011.
A bolillo or pan francés is a type of savory bread traditionally made in Mexico.
Traditionally, the filling consists of ground pork but chicken and beef are also commonly used now.
Idli has several variations, including rava idli, which is made from semolina.
It is closely related to the paratha of the Indian subcontinent.
Mofongo is a Puerto Rican dish  with fried plantains as its main ingredient.
Tangyuan can be either small or large, and filled or unfilled.
It is also sold at most dairy shops selling yogurt and milk, and both the salty and sweet variety are available.
In fact, the word is the diminutive form for a ring-shaped loaf or lifebelt.
Locals often refer to Chorley Cake as Fly Pie.
Bouneschlupp is a traditional Luxemburgish green bean soup with potatoes, bacon, and onions.
There are several regional and local variants.
It sometimes includes a little vinegar to keep the resulting cakes from turning red.
Locro is a hearty thick stew popular along the Andes mountain range.
Chalbori-ppang is a Korean confection, consisting of two small pancakes made with glutinous barley flour wrapped around a filling of red bean paste.
Although horumon may be beef or pork, pork is more commonly used.
Maghaz is an offal dish generally consisting of fried brain in spicy sauce found in the cuisines of India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh.
So, Kelan Antep is very secure for people keep healthy.
Palóc soup is a soup similar to Hungarian goulash soup, but lighter and a bit sour in taste.
Singaporeans and Malaysians often consume this food with a cup of tea or coffee, which has merited the snack's inclusion in many coffee houses.
Mein Weinberg weint mit guter Laune an diesem Geschenk des Himmels."
Arabic bread is used to scoop it.
Honey dill is a condiment consisting of honey, mayonnaise, and dried dill that is unique to Manitoba, Canada.
Maultaschen are similar to the Italian ravioli but are typically larger in size—each Maultasche being approximately 8-12 centimeters across.
A tompoes or tompouce is a common pastry in the Netherlands and Belgium.
Falafel is a common food eaten throughout the Middle East.
Nowadays in supermarket and stores, many peanut seasoning for karedok are made and sold.
A genoise is generally a fairly lean cake, getting most of its fat from egg yolks, but some recipes also add in melted butter before baking.
It is typically prepared and served only in the week before Easter.
A melonpan is a type of sweet bun from Japan, that is also popular in Taiwan, China and Latin America.
The main ingredients are dripping, flour, brown sugar, spices, currants and raisins.
Having been baked, warm syrup is sprinkled, and the hollow center is filled with pistachios before being served.
Yāndǔxiān is a Shanghainese soup made from a duo of cured pork and fresh pork with fresh winter bamboo shoots.
It is said there are over 1,000 different kinds of alcoholic beverages in Korea.
This allows the oils released during cooking to flow back into the pie.
It is a ribbon noodle, similar to spaghetti, that has a flat section and a slightly convex shape.
A variation in which banana is added, is called kolak pisang or banana kolak.
As the house steward explains to Inspector Appleby, "Two Bath Olivers, two Richtea, and two digestive in every room.
Imoni is eaten like any soup, primarily during the late summer and early autumn, but is most famous as an outdoor food.
It is an ice cream bar with boba bits throughout.
These high-fat, low-melting point chocolates are at the luxury end of Belgian chocolate and represent an important product of many Belgian chocolatiers.
This tradition is typically upheld in Celtic households in Brittany and is enacted during Samhain.
Many wedding cakes are decorated layer cakes.
Once fried, doughnuts may be glazed with a sugar icing, spread with icing or chocolate, or topped with powdered sugar or sprinkles or fruit.
Guoba is also served in soups and stews and prominently featured in Szechuan cuisine.
The name derives from namak, the main seasoning for the pastry, other ingredients include atta flour, maida flour or semolina and baking powder and baking soda.
It is molded to resemble a tortoise shell and is presented resting on a square piece of banana leaf.
Char siu is a popular way to flavor and prepare barbecued pork in Cantonese cuisine.
In some families, the head of the household hides the afikoman for the children to find, and rewards them with money or candy.
It is eaten usually served with rice as an accompaniment.
Typical versions of bánh da lợn may feature the following ingredients:
Kasseropita is a pie made from kasseri.
It is typically served with ginger or tamarind chutney.
Pandoro [panˈdɔːro] is a traditional Italian sweet yeast bread, most popular around Christmas and New Year.
Kashk, qurt, qurut, jamid, chortan, aaruul is a range of dairy products used in cuisines of Iranian, Turkish, Mongolian, Central Asian, Transcaucasian, and the Levantine peoples.
The cake also has a red bean paste filling.
Another version are the baked beans known as Prebranac.
In France, it is called sabayon, while its Italian name is zabaione or zabaglione.
Tic beans, known in Malta as "ful ta' Ġirba", are used.
Pedas originated in the city of Mathura in present-day Uttar Pradesh.
The Sewadar serves it out of the same bowl to everyone in equal portions.
The four main flavors are chocolate, vanilla, strawberry, and banana.
Several variants of this dish are available under other names in various parts of India.
This finished cup of hot coffee is then quickly poured into a glass full of ice making the finished Vietnamese iced coffee.
Caldo galego or simply caldo, also known as caldo gallego, meaning literally Galician broth, is a traditional soup dish from Galicia.
Tabrizi Lovuez are diamond-shaped confectioneries from Tabriz, a provincial capital in Northwest of Iran.
The dough is traditionally made of flour, water and eggs, kneaded and rolled out thin.
Cao lầu is served at room temperature.
This has led to these dishes being known as supplì al telefono.
In Brazil it is known as marrom glacê.
Two common ingredients that are often found across different versions of banmian are mushrooms and anchovies.
The Bonus Jack is a hamburger sold by the fast-food restaurant chain Jack in the Box.
Like other wagashi, namagashi are made of natural ingredients, additives are rarely used.
However, despite its name the dish is sweet due the vinegar being compensated for with apple syrup and Dutch gingerbread {ontbijtkoek}.
Its name purportedly came about because it first became popular in Macau, then a Portuguese colony.
Olestra inhibits the absorption of some vitamins and other nutrients.
It is filled with sweet or savory ingredients, most often minced meat or fish, and is served as an entrée, main course, dessert or side dish.
They are sold on a small cardboard plate and come with a small disposable fork the size of a pastry fork.
It is a specialty food in the Dajia district of Taiwan.
Certain rotis are also made with butter.
Inside the pastry is a large hollow, caused by the expansion of the dough.
Mostly Zelnik is made with leek and sirene.
It is a thick ribbon ridged on one side.
Compared to normal miso soup, tonjiru tend to be more substantial, with a larger quantity and variety of ingredients added to the soup.
There are two major varieties of fit-fit depending on the type of flat bread being used: the sour-dough injera and the unleavened kitcha.
It is traditionally filled with seasoned ground beef, but fillings can include chicken, pork, lamb, vegetables, shrimp, lobster, fish, soy, ackee, mixed vegetables or cheese.
Khanom chin is served in many kinds of stock: coconut milk, fish curry, and chilli.
Bubble gum is a type of chewing gum, designed to freshen breath and to be inflated out of the mouth as a bubble.
The candies have a coconut cream inside and are rolled in cinnamon on the outside, resulting in an appearance reminiscent of small potatoes.
Kue putu is also can be found in the Netherlands owed to their colonial ties with Indonesia.
Today they are eaten throughout Finland as well as in the neighbouring Estonia and northern Russia.
Homemade ajvar is made of roasted or cooked peppers.
Several prominent brands produce screwballs, for example Asda, Popsicle, and Eskimo Pie.
Preparing a classic puff pastry requires an envelope formed by placing the beurrage inside the détrempe.
The American reference dish for zuppa toscana is made by Olive Garden.
The most famous Nasi dagang of Terengganu comes from Kampung Ladang, an area within the Kuala Terengganu district.
Some products contain powdered sugar hidden in the wrapper, allowing the user to blow on the cigarette and produce "smoke" on the other end.
To satisfy patrons’ continued requests for it, the name was rendered in anagram Lobster à la Newberg or Lobster Newberg.
The biscotti regina or Reginelle are typical of sicilian cuisine.
The length depends on one's comfort and the fire's size.
These are known as kabuli chana in Hindi-Urdu.
The dish is typically prepared with biscuits or crackers, cocoa, butter, sugar and solidified milk.
Teochew porridge is considered a comfort food for both breakfast as well as supper.
The pastry is made of a brioche type dough.
According to Hurriyet Newspaper, the best places to eat Ekmek Kadayıfı in Istanbul include Saray Muhallebicisi, Konyalı and Sütiş.
The chopped vegetables are fried in a pan together with mashed potatoes or crushed roast potatoes until the mixture is well-cooked and brown on the sides.
A Mornay sauce made with cheddar is commonly used to make Macaroni and cheese.
The ground meat is traditionally pressed into a pig's stomach or bladder, but today may be contained in other skins.
Capers and raisins may also be used.
Sometimes the tart is dusted with icing sugar prior to serving.
Pain de mie is sold in rounded or rectangular shapes.
In Belgium, the dish pêches au thon/perziken met tonijn is made from halved canned or fresh peaches stuffed with tuna salad.
Black pepper, herbs and Worcestershire sauce are sometimes used in preparation.
The traditional choc-top is one scoop of vanilla ice-cream covered in a hard milk chocolate shell, sitting atop an ice-cream cone.
They are an important part of most regional cuisines within China, as well as in Singapore, and other Southeast Asian nations with sizable overseas Chinese populations.
The dough can be based on bread, flour, or potatoes, and may be filled with fish, meat, sweets, or vegetables.
Pain de mie is a type of soft, white OR Brown bread, mostly sold sliced and packaged.
Popular Korean-style rice burgers include fillings such as kimchi and tuna.
Toppings and batters tend to vary according to region.
The price varies, depending on where it's sold.
It originated from the Fujian province in China where it is considered a Hokkien delicacy.
The liquid part, or swats is poured off and can be drunk.
It is traditionally enjoyed as a treat on the Diwali holiday.
Pearà is a traditional Veronese sauce made with bread crumbs, beef and hen stock, beef marrow and black pepper.
The dish originated in French cafés and bars as a quick snack.
Assyrians bake Kilecheh on Eeda Gura, Easter, and Eeda Sura, Christmas, in which they are usually stuffed with dates and served with tea.
The syrup is usually thin enough to allow some swirling, and can have several flavors incorporated in it, such as rose or saffron.
The colour varies from a creamy white to a caramel colour.
The sweet is available especially in the regional unit of Serres and in delicacy shops throughout Greece.
Shlishkes is a dish of potato-based small dumplings popular in Hungarian cooking and often found in the Jewish cuisine of the Ashkenazi community.
Finikia or Phinikia is a type of Greek cookie.
The term "ba-wan" is a non-standard romanization derived from Taiwanese Hokkien.
Filipinos prepare tapa by using thin slices of meat and curing these with salt and spices as a preservation method.
Various types of ovens are used to cook them and many varieties exist.
Additional spices include garlic, shallot, candlenut, coriander seed, galangal, bay leaves, and teak leaves, the latter giving a reddish-brown color to the dish.
Later it was improved by the addition of shrimp, meat, fish cakes and vegetables.
It is typically consumed in especially the holy month of Ramadan and is quite popular in Iraq and Arabia.
A doughnut or donut is a type of fried dough confectionery or dessert food.
It is usually sold at night markets or roadside stands as a snack, or in lunch bars as a side dish, rather than in restaurants.
Though not traditional, they may also be served with slices of jackfruit preserved in syrup or ice cream.
In Pakistan, beef Haleem and Khichra is sold as Street food in most cities throughout the year.
Beef, pork, and mutton are the most popular meats used, though some have been known to use chicken.
Like koldskål, kammerjunkers are eaten mostly in the summer.
The noodle is available in many Chinese markets in Chinese populated areas such as Hong Kong, Taiwan, Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore.
It is made from a dough containing fruit bits and is fried in oil.
Recipes vary, but in general they are a variation on angels on horseback, made by replacing oysters with dried fruit.
The Aztecs and other Nahuatl-speakers call tortillas tlaxcalli [t͡ɬaʃˈkalli]; these have become the prototypical tortillas.
Other shapes include rings, balls, flattened spheres, twists, and other forms.
The exact type of each might vary, but they are generally added to the stock base.
The liquor is strained off and allowed to stand for a day to allow the starchy matter therein to settle.
It is often served sliced and buttered, to accompany a cup of tea.
Mongolians and Turkic peoples sometimes dip boortsog in tea.
The two elements of Kaki-pi are kaki-no-tane, small crescent-shaped fragments of senbei, and peanuts.
It is made from glutinous rice cooked in coconut milk, often wrapped in banana leaves or buli or buri palm leaves for steaming.
The condensed milk can be plain, or chocolate flavoured.
It is made up of chickpea flour, methi, salt, turmeric, chili powder, and an optional bonding agent/sweetener such as sugar and oil.
Maple taffy is also made in the Canadian province of Manitoba using Manitoba Maple syrup, which is made from the Manitoba Maple tree.
Salsa is the Spanish, Italian, Greek, and Turkish term for sauce.
It is made of wheat flour dough baked in ashes by the side of an open wood fire.
The dumpling is filled with Powidl, a sweet plum jam flavoured with cloves and cinnamon.
It is one of Indonesian one-dish meal favorite, although street food hawkers commonly sell it together with mie goreng and nasi goreng.
Several Canadian companies produce it mostly for the domestic market, although it has a growing following in the U.S.
It is a popular sandwich in the Western Cape province, with many fast food and takeaway restaurants, stores and food stands purveying them.
It is a type of dal made using Masoor dal or Toor dal.
Jewish apple cake is a kind of dense cake made with apples and sold mostly in Pennsylvania in the United States.
However, she warns that since "noodles represent long life and good health; they must not be cut short so as not to corrupt the symbolism."
These are steamed, usually with the addition of juice from the aromatic pandan leaf as flavouring.
It is also known in French as the Tarte Normande
There are no written recipes that mark the origin of this famous dish.
It is a stew served as an independent meal, which is cooked from various kinds of meat and internal organs.
The mixture is used to season the raw beef dish kitfo and may also be sprinkled on ful medames.
Like Earl Grey it is a black tea scented with oil of bergamot.
The meat is first boiled with whole spices until tender.
Its skin is very thin but the meat is very thick.
American pancakes are similar to Scotch pancakes or drop scones.
In general, patties are thought to have their origins in Anglo-Indian cuisine.
Before the advent of roller milling, virtually all wheat was milled by stone grinding.
Like all soups in this family, there can be variations on the recipe.
It forms an important ingredient in stews and sauces in African cuisine.
The canonical recipe does not include ketchup, and there is a widely shared, strong opinion among many Chicagoans and aficionados that ketchup is unacceptable.
The bologna sandwich is a sandwich common in the United States and Canada.
A properly made shave ice product rarely requires a straw, since the flavors are in the ice and not at the bottom of the cup.
Shaped as a flat circle, then it is placed in a comal until cooked, in most cases not adding additional oil.
The khinkali is typically consumed first by sucking the juices while taking the first bite, in order to prevent the dumpling from bursting.
The result is a dense, chewy, doughy interior with a browned and sometimes crisp exterior.
In recent years, a number of other manufacturers have entered the vegetarian hot dog market.
This cut is typically fatty, and because the muscle is constantly used by the animal, has a great deal of flavor.
Cross your arms and they will understand exactly what you want."
The name means "Raspberry cave" in Swedish.
It is often considered the national dish of Palestine.
Food writer Jane Grigson gave a recipe in The Observer in March 1984.
Golbaengi-muchim or moon snail salad is a type of muchim made by mixing moon snails with vegetables.
The dish is greatly admired for its balance of spicy, sour, salty and sweet flavors and the predominant flavor is that of lemon grass.
Originally this is made with long spicy chilies available in India.
Kimchi usually becomes too sour when stored in a conventional refrigerator for about a week.
It has been made for some time — by the eighteenth century it was produced and sold by Benedictine monks in Liguria.
It is known as guava paste or guava cheese throughout the English-speaking Americas, especially the Caribbean and pasta de guayaba or guayabate in Spanish-speaking Americas.
Tartar sauce is a mayonnaise or aioli-based sauce, typically of a rough consistency.
Smaller, or "fun-sized" variants of the chocolate fish are colloquially referred to as "sprats".
The primary ingredients are rice, chicken, garlic and green onions.
It is one of the standard dishes found in the dim sum cuisine of Hong Kong, and is also available in select overseas Chinatown restaurants.
After the base is prepared, vegetables are cooked down, and then meat is added.
It is also called the direct dough method.
A wide variety of vegetables and meats are used to make Japanese curry.
Cheese crisps sometimes are topped with onions, cilantro, or peppers.
Before refrigerators were widely available, it was valued because of its high fastness.
The spices in the sausage, such as pepper, cloves, mace and nutmeg, came from the Dutch East Indies.
Bún chả originated and remains very popular in Hanoi.
The vada is a thick sphere, around two or three inches in diameter.
In native Bengali, the word Kati roughly translates to “Stick”, referring to how they were originally made.
Panpepato or pampepato is a round, sweet cake typical of the Province of Ferrara, Siena, the Province of Terni, of Sabina and the Ciociaria.
In its original form, the sauce was intended as a Mediterranean preparation and contained a lot of garlic.
It is a popular Christmas cake with maida, eggs, clarified butter, sugar, petha, marmalade, nuts, ginger and fennel as its main ingredients.
The surface fats are removed by degreasing and then the roux is added.
The apples can be puréed, sliced, or boiled and used whole.
Two methods are used to convert the starches to sugars.
Though tepache is fermented for several days, the resulting drink does not contain much alcohol.
It is kneaded by hand and the ball of paste is left to repose for 2- hours.
Water buffalo milk is used in the original recipe.
Burton's customer services department confirmed when asked on 1st October 2014 that they no longer manufacture the orange-flavour Viscount biscuits.
Rub main ingredients with salt and lime juices, and marinate for 30 minutes.
Traditionally present in several European cuisines, angel wings are known by many other names and have been incorporated into other regional cuisines by immigrant populations.
It is a well-known ham in China.
It is a very popular dish of Odisha and is also served to Lord Jagannath of Puri in his Sakala Dhupa.
Sloosh was a form of cornbread that was popular during the American Civil War, especially among Confederate soldiers.
Commercial marinades are available regionally and can be ordered from various internet websites for shipment throughout the world.
The proportions and ingredients vary according to the recipe or availability.
This makes the dish enticing in both flavour and aroma.
Lattice pastry is a pastry used in a criss-crossing pattern of strips in the preparation of various foods.
Laal maans is a meat curry from Rajasthan, India.
A rissole, initially created in France, is a small croquette, enclosed in pastry or rolled in breadcrumbs, usually baked or deep fried.
Traditionally, the word bouillon was used to describe a soup based on beef broth, and court-bouillon if based on fish broth.
They are available in numerous sizes from "large" to "miniature", but are usually less than 10 millimetres in diameter.
'Pootha' is coating and 'Reku' is sheet in Telugu.
Mandi is considered the main dish served during special events, such as Eid, weddings, and feasts.
It is most likely of southern Chinese origin.
This staple comfort food is a signature sweet and taho peddlers can be found all over the country.
Their popularity waned in England before being revived by Bassett's of Sheffield, Yorkshire who were responsible for mass-producing Jelly Babies from 1918.
Other common ingredients may include mayonnaise, hard-boiled egg, celery, onion, pepper, pickles and a variety of mustards.
Lemon meringue pie is prepared with a bottom pie crust, with the meringue directly on top of the lemon filling.
It is shaped like a disc and thicker than naan.
The dessert was named after the ancient Phoenicians.
Khubz, khoubz , khobz or khubooz, round Arabic bread, forms a staple of the local diet from the Arabian Peninsula to Morocco.
When the dough has risen, the balls are deep fried and sprinkled with a mixture of sugar and cinnamon.
Instead of fish, combinations of potato and pork or rutabaga and pork are also used.
Popular toppings also include whipped cream and different types of nuts Preparation of the dish is often made into a tableside performance as a flambé.
In Italian cuisine, ragù is a meat-based sauce that is commonly served with pasta.
Salchipapas typically consist of thinly sliced pan-fried beef sausages and French fries, mixed together with a savory coleslaw on the side.
The later variation of the sandwich that emerged in Miami excludes salami.
There are two types of khanom chin noodles:
Rosette de Lyon is the most famous of Lyon's sausages.
At the fair large numbers of men would traditionally bring the pie toppings and present them to women they were planning to court.
Jenny Lind soup is a soup named for popular 19th-century singer Jenny Lind.
Avya tatlısı is a dessert from Turkish cuisine that is made with quince.
Another probable reason for not being reliable after the after noon has to do with a sundial on the San Gorg church.
Note that farfalle are not related to the similar-sounding farfel, an egg-barley pasta used in Jewish cuisine.
Paska is an Easter bread eaten in the Assyrian–Chaldean–Syriac diaspora, Eastern European countries including Ukraine, south Russia, Romania, Moldova, Slovakia, Georgia and parts of Bulgaria.
The meat used is from unweaned lambs, and is similar to veal, or the meat of "cochinillo", Spanish suckling pigs.
Each island has its own regional variation.
It also remains especially popular in Canada in a variety of dishes, perhaps most prominently Montreal smoked meat.
From about August or September, through the winter months until roughly the beginning of April, Nikuman are available at convenience stores, where they are kept hot.
The expression 'penny bun' is Cockney rhyming slang for one, sun and son.
Unleavened bread is any of a wide variety of breads which are not prepared with raising agents.
The pastry can also be moistened and sprinkled with sugar before baking for a sweeter, crisp finish.
The doug also contains semolina, flavor and salt.
Some cultures sweeten foods that are more commonly savory to create desserts.
The variant made with zucchini instead of aubergine is called Kadoo Ghassemi.
Variations of chowder can be seafood or vegetable.
It is often seen as a simpler and cheaper variant of samgyetang.
Many regional cuisines feature a mixed grill, a meal consisting of a traditional assortment of grilled meats.
A mousse is a soft prepared food that incorporates air bubbles to give it a light and airy texture.
It consists of many side dishes served in small portions, accompanied by rice prepared in several different ways.
Udon is a type of thick wheat flour noodle of Japanese cuisine.
It has a dark, golden, and flaky crust, frequently accentuated by an egg wash applied after proofing.
Many varieties of sev are sold commercially, such as long sev, tomato Sev, palak sev, plain sev, and bhujia.
Hoppin' John, also known as Carolina Peas and Rice is a peas and rice dish served in the Southern United States.
The structure of the crumb is much more open.
It is usually served as a starter, but may also be the main course of the meal.
In "La vecchia cucina eugubina" they say that this noodle is as thick as a wooden needle for knitting stockings.
From usage point of view, Amba is similar to the South Asian pickle achar.
It is prepared with goat meat, tomato, celery, spring onion, ginger, candlenut and lime leaf, its broth is yellowish in color.
A klobasnek is often thought to be a variation of the kolach; however, most Czechs hold the distinction that kolache are only filled with non-meat fillings.
Fazuelos, fijuelas or deblas in Hebrew: פזואלוס‎‎) are traditional Jewish pastries.
Similar dishes include the Jewish kugel and Belarusian potato babka.
It has been created in accordance with the Okinawa Prefecture of climate and materials.
It is a hot stew of chopped-up steamed leavened bread or mantou), cooked in lamb broth and served with lamb meat, sometimes substituted with beef.
It is often served with chili sauce, tomato ketchup, slices of cucumber, and keropok.
Traditionally, making kuih was the domain of elderly grandmothers, aunts and other women-folk, for whom the only method for cooking was by "agak-agak".
It is similar to Tartiflette, except Tartiflette uses steamed potatoes, the gratin dauphinois and the gratin savoyard.
If the tteok is heated slightly in the microwave, it may taste almost as good as the newly made one.
The most popular are the ones filled with dates.
Though cheese sauces vary by chef, it is generally derived from Welsh rarebit.
Some believe it to be an aphrodisiac and it is associated with various legends and rumors:
The first commercial brand of marmalade, along with the world's first marmalade plant, was founded in 1797.
Chiretas are usually served hot, as a main dish.
In 2010 it was listed as one of the ten most "threatened puddings" after a survey conducted by UKTV Food.
Slaves would soak and peel the cassava root and make bread rolls from it.
Mozzarella sticks with raspberry sauce are part of the regional cuisine of New York's Capital District.
In addition, most traditional viili cultures also contain yeast strains such as Kluveromyces marxianus and Pichia fermentans.
The spiced batter, mixed or sprinkled with the granule ingredients, is deep fried in ample hot coconut oil.
They are manufactured by extruding heated corn dough through a die that forms the particular shape.
The dish is also served on railway platforms in India and Pakistan and is served as a packed lunch on trains along with pickle.
Canned beondegi can also be found in grocery stores and convenience stores.
Outside Mexico, it often refers specifically to mole poblano.
Shirataki noodles can be found both in dry and soft "wet" forms in Asian markets and some supermarkets.
It is commonly sold in the UK as special fried rice and in the US as house fried rice.
The noodles come with a white-colored extra-thick porridge-like soup, made of chicken broth and coconut milk soup, which is coagulated with corn starch or tapioca.
Mantecadas should not be confused with mantecados, a much denser, non spongy very different type of pastry.
Tangy Fruits were made by confectioner Cadbury, which owns the Pascall brand distributing the candy.
Turkish and Levantine tarator is usually a sauce based on tahini, not yogurt.
The colours coincidentally reflect the colours of the Basque flag.
It is made with a single round piece of dough folded over the filling in a crescent shape.
Despite the widespread popularity in Russia and Ukraine, the basic mixed salad recipes were adopted from Western European cuisines as late as the 19th century.
In 1972, Lofenalac was declared a food by the FDA, for regulatory purposes.
Scotch woodcock is a British savoury dish consisting of creamy, lightly scrambled eggs served on toast that has been spread with anchovy paste or Gentleman's Relish.
In Turkey, zerde is very popular in regions where traditionally paddy fields are found.
Tonkatsu, is a Japanese dish which consists of a breaded, deep-fried pork cutlet.
This mixture is layered with pieces of Valtellina Casera cheese and ground Grana Padano or Parmigiano Reggiano, and dressed with garlic lightly fried in butter.
In Arab, Greek, Israeli, and Turkish cuisines, it is a stew of meat, fish, or vegetables in a browned-onion base with tomatoes and olive oil.
Tiết canh is a traditional dish of blood and cooked meat in northern Vietnamese cuisine.
Like most Chinese cakes, it is steamed, giving it a moist, soft, and fluffy texture, as opposed to a dry and firm one.
Sometimes flour, corn starch, or gelatin is added as in pastry cream or crème pâtissière.
Panellets are often accompanied with a sweet wine, usually moscatell, mistela, vi de missa or vi ranci.
It is traditionally served for the iftar and sahur meals during the holy month of Ramadan.
At Hanukkah, Jewish people observe the custom of eating fried foods in commemoration of the miracle associated with the Temple oil.
Soyutma is a Caucasian soup and Azerbaijan's national dish.
Depending on the cooking method, it can have sweet or sour taste.
It could refer to its popularity in those countries that the river flows through.
Common varieties contain small fruit or nuts, are topped with icing or caramel, or filled with jam or cream.
Pommes soufflées are a variety of French fried potato.
Imagawayaki are similar to Dorayaki, but the latter are two separate pancakes sandwiched around the filling after cooking, and are often served cold.
Frikkadel is a traditional Afrikaans dish comprising usually baked, but sometimes deep-fried, meatballs prepared with onion, bread, eggs, vinegar and spices.
Oysters Rockefeller consists of oysters on the half-shell that have been topped with various other ingredients and are then baked or broiled.
Kitazato Shigeo, the chef of a yōshoku restaurant in Osaka devised this dish and registered a trademark in 1940.
It usually costs less at hawker stalls but can cost more at restaurants, shopping malls, commercial and developed areas.
Suama is similar to, but not the same as, two other rice-based Japanese snacks, mochi and uirō.
Sold uncooked, the sausage has to boiled before it is eaten.
Halva may also be based on various other ingredients, including beans, lentils, and vegetables such as carrots, pumpkins, yams and squashes.
Later, jumbles referred, especially in the United States, to a thin crisp cake or cookie using e.g.
The word rumal means handkerchief in many north Indian languages, and the name rumali roti means handkerchief bread.
When mozzarella is heated to 60°C, the milk proteins line up.
They may incorporate slices of bacon, apples, cheese, or raisins.
It is a dish of lamb and rice baked with a mixture of yogurt and eggs added to a roux.
It is known in the Spanish-speaking world as bistec encebollado or bistec tagalo.
Soft, warm, blanched tofu is served with well-fermented, tangy baechu-kimchi stir-fried with pork, makes a well-matched anju for either soju or makgeolli.
Okinawa soba is a type of noodle soup produced in Okinawa Prefecture, Japan.
The term povitica is a derivate from verb poviti.
These scenes were often built around large tree stumps which were found in the woods near the town.
Charquicán is made with ch'arki or beef, potatoes, pumpkin, white corn, onion and sometimes peas and corn.
In Spanish, cecina [θeˈθina] is meat that has been salted and dried by means of air, sun or smoke.
It was described by former New South Wales Premier Bob Carr in 2003 as Australia's "national dish".
Spaghetti, fusilli or large egg macaroni bows can also be used instead of the home-made noodles.
Bánh tẻ are made of rice flour, wrapped with Lá dong leaves into a long, thin cylindrical shape, and boiled thoroughly.
The most famous wingko is made in Babat.
Fritelli, also Fritelle are Corsican doughnuts or fritters made from fried wheat  or chestnut flour.
Historically, club sandwiches featured slices of chicken, but with time, turkey has become increasingly common.
Kolak is an Indonesian dessert based on palm sugar or coconut sugar, coconut milk, and pandanus leaf.
The flavoring is usually in a separate packet, although in the case of cup noodles the flavoring is often loose in the cup.
All rum balls must include chocolate and rum, but the rest of the ingredients vary in kind, form, and amount.
Mie celor, is a noodle dish served in coconut milk soup and shrimp-based broth, specialty of Palembang city, South Sumatra, Indonesia.
Fesenjān is served with Iranian white or yellow rice.
A ficelle is a type of French bread loaf, similar to a baguette but much thinner.
Many variations are common, including custard and chocolate filling.
A water biscuit or water cracker is a type of biscuit or cracker.
It is usually made with rice flour, pan fried in ghee / cooking oil.
Harput meatballs this meatball originated from the Eastern Anatolian city of Harput.
Ciceri e Tria [ˈtʃiːtʃeri e tˈtriːa] is a pasta dish in Italian cuisine that originated from Arabs who once ruled in Apulia.
The organs are often deep-fried after being peeled, coated in flour, pepper and salt, and sometimes pounded flat.
Women of China magazine reported in January 2011 that the company's assets were 1.3 billion yuan and that the company had 2,000 employees at that time.
Aloo gosht is a meat curry originating from the Indian subcontinent; it is most popular in Pakistani and North Indian cuisine.
The many different kinds of goiabada depend on the type of guava, and with slightly different textures and flavors.
It may be served either hot or chilled.
It does not puff up during baking because it usually contains no leavening agent.
Cullen skink is widely served as an everyday dish across the northeast of Scotland.
Carne asada is a Latin American dish of grilled and sliced beef, usually skirt, flank or flap steak.
The pie floater is usually purchased in the street from pie-carts as a late evening meal.
They are available in Ireland, Austria, Germany, Switzerland, the Netherlands, France, Luxembourg, Belgium, Slovenia and Italy.
Next to the green jelly, additional toppings might be added, includes diced jackfruit, sweetened red azuki beans, to durian.
It has its origin in the Serbian area of Srem.
It is a whole-egg cake, unlike some other sponge cakes for which yolks and whites are beaten separately.
It is usually served in a small plate in twos or threes.
It has a thin crust and can be stuffed with a variety of ingredients, such as potatoes, lentils, pumpkin, chives, or leeks.
There is a sweet dessert pudding associated mainly with the state of Punjab, India, called Punjab gajrela, carrot halwa or gajar ka halwa.
The recipe has been adapted into many varieties of cakes and other desserts.
Ammerländer Schinken – or Ammerländer Knochenschinken – is a type of dry-cured ham produced in the Ammerland area of North Germany.
Some versions of the recipe incorporate spirits such as cognac.
It is generally made with shredded flat bread, spiced clarified butter, and the hot spice berbere.
It is similar to the botillo sausages of León.
Dalcha, also known as Kaddu ka Dalcha, is an Hyderabadi Indian stew made from mutton, chana dal and tamarind.
Distribution has extended throughout Canada, reaching 3000 outlets and all national grocery chains.
Lamb shanks are often braised whole; veal shanks are typically cross-cut.
It is made from flattened dough cut into small trapezoids.
They are often coated on the bottom with chocolate.
It is a large crab with a red color, which stays the same in color even when cooked.
Cougnou in Walloon-speaking places like Charleroi, Andenne, Namur, Dinant but also in Ardennes, in the Gaume etc.
The Spicy Hill Farms company is behind the product, an offering of "Jamaica's favourite party soup".
Moreover, in a snow cone the flavored syrup sinks to the bottom of the cup; while in a sno-ball the ice absorbs the syrup.
Tokwa is the Lan-nang word for firm beancurd, while baboy is the Tagalog word for pork; ’t is the contracted form of at, which means "and".
The sundae is a sweet ice cream dessert.
Unlike most cookies, kaasstengels taste savoury and salty instead of sweet.
Fermented fish and fermented food is part of many traditional cuisines worldwide.
It is made from rice flour, coconut milk, sugar, water, flavoring and coloring.
Shabu-shabu is considered to be more savory and less sweet than sukiyaki.
Virtually any fish can be prepared as daing.
The soup is cooked with whole sour cherries, including the pits.
Perkedel, bergedel or begedil is Indonesian fried patties, made of ground potatoes, minced meat, peeled and ground corn or tofu, or minced fish.
This is unique delicacy served in the entire island and throughout Chania prefecture, from popular restaurants in Chania town to small mountainous villages.
Badrijani also known as Nigvziani Badrijani is a Georgian dish made with fried eggplant stuffed with spiced walnut paste.
The chip butty can be found in fish and chip shops and other casual dining establishments in the United Kingdom.
Pigs in blankets refers to a variety of different sausage-based foods in the United States, United Kingdom, Denmark, Ireland, Germany, Belgium, Russia, Canada, and Japan.
When making this dish, the cook breaks the bread into small pieces and adds them to the lamb soup.
Traditionally it should be cooked for a long time and prepared the night before it is served.
Because of this, bakeries around the city sell this pie for quinceañeras.
This sauce is widely used in Italian-American cuisine, which has greatly diverged from its Old World origins.
Traditional Aam Papad is sweet, although it is available in different varieties.
A typical moretum was made of herbs, fresh cheese, salt, oil and some vinegar.
English speaking countries often use the German name for the sausage, Krakauer.
A kulcha in Indian cuisine is a bread-like accompaniment, made of processed flour leavened with yeast.
This maize meal is referred to as hupfu in Shona or impuphu in Ndebele.
The consumer of this Thandai is mostly from Rajasthan and Northern India.
Many people choose to buy it from local shops rather than preparing it at home.
There are many variations on the dish that include using mutton when goat is not available or bulking it out with potatoes.
Associazione Verace Pizza Napoletana, a non-profit organization founded in 1984 with headquarters in Naples, aims to "promote and protect... the true Neapolitan pizza".
Hot dog preparation and condiments vary regionally in the US.
is commonly used to greet people returning from Pyongyang.
The second and more common method uses potatoes or sweet potatoes as the starch source, and added acid, such as hydrochloric, sulfuric or nitric acids.
The Texas Toast loaf itself is often more squarish compared to most sliced breads which have a more curved side and top.
It is also common to pour on honey and mix in ground cinnamon or sugar.
It is usually served with a more delicate sauce.
Most notable was a Monty Python sketch which led to its name being borrowed for unsolicited electronic messages, especially spam email.
A variety of toppings are then added.
Most varieties come in "mild" and "hot" versions, but all tend to have a strong garlic flavor.
The modern filled Nusstorte was first widely available in the 1960s though it was invented in the 1920s.
The sour version is made of Tkemali plums, which are often used for soups and stews, mostly with Kharcho.
The American Amish call the sauce English pouring sauce.
The English language spelling is usually aebleskiver or ebleskiver.
Pieds paquets or pied et paquets is a local dish and culinary specialty of Marseille and Sisteron but also commonly found in much of Southeastern France.
The oldest traditional pasties usually had a rye crust, but the North Karelian and Ladoga Karelian variants also contained wheat to improve the baking characteristics.
The name "tofu" here refers to "tofu-like solid"; soy beans, which are the main ingredient of tofu, are not used.
A malasada is a Portuguese confection, made of egg-sized balls of yeast dough that are deep-fried in oil and coated with granulated sugar.
Some cooks saute the herbs briefly before adding the eggs.
Turmeric is added as one of its ingredients to get yellow chicken broth.
It is now produced by Hain Celestial Group for export only.
Zuccotto is an Italian dessert with origins in Florence.
In Puerto Rico vanilla, brown sugar, and small amount of butter is added and in the Dominican Republic ginger and orange peels are added.
It has been described as similar in appearance to naan.
Lolly Cakes are known to have been consumed in the 1940s, but were not commonly available until the 1960s in grocery stores.
The Slovene term kranjska klobasa was first mentioned in the sixth edition of Slovenska kuharica by Felicita Kalinšek in 1912.
In some rural communities, the extraction and sale of ice continues to be a primary natural resource for local economies.
The dough is rolled flat with a pin, the filling is spread and the whole is rolled back into a shape vaguely resembling a pinwheel.
Sometimes, other exotic vegetables also are used, such as green, stinky petai and jengkol bean.
A Kitchener bun is a type of sweet pastry made and sold in South Australia.
The dish is sometimes served with conejo en salmorejo, a common Canarian rabbit stew.
It is often describes as "black glutinous rice pudding".
Gobstoppers usually consist of a number of layers, each layer dissolving to reveal a different colour layer, before dissolving completely.
The dish is most often eaten in late spring and summer.
Botamochi is the modern name for the dish Kaimochi mentioned in the Heian Period text Uji Shūi Monogatari.
A thin slice of kamaboko, a halfmoon-shaped fish cake, is often added.
In northeastern Italy and Sardinia, it serves as an inexpensive meal in the poor areas of the countryside.
Castella cake is usually sold in long boxes, with the cake inside being approximately 27 cm long.
The mille-feuille, vanilla slice, custard slice, also known as the Napoleon, is a French pastry whose exact origin is unknown.
The zamindars also extended financial support to Gopal Pal for the expansion of the business.
In Nigeria the words pottage and porridge are synonymous, and it is consumed as a main meal.
A slice of lime is usually placed at the side of the plate as a garnish.
It has also been claimed that the “Denver sandwich” was invented at Denver’s Tabor Hotel but mentions of it in newspapers predate all these claimants.
Since many customers thought traditional mooncakes were an oily food, the bakery used fruit for filling and less oil to make a mooncake with less fat.
It is also quite popular in Thai restaurants around the world.
The brand was launched in 2000 by ATI Technologies, which was acquired by AMD in 2006.
Nasi lemak is a Malay fragrant rice dish cooked in coconut milk and pandan leaf.
The Barbajada was a popular Milanese sweet frothy drink in the 19th century and the early decades of the 20th century.
German Spekulatius uses baker's ammonia as leavening agent.
This curry is usually served with fresh vegetables in a separate plate and eaten along with steamed rice.
The most popular flavor is coconut, but others such as strawberry also exist.
As a result, types, shapes, sizes, and textures of breads differ around the world.
Noodle dishes are also standard fare in local restaurants.
Kyay oh is traditionally served in a copper pot.
He offered it to Maharaja Suryakanta Acharya Chowdhury, one of the leading zamindars of Muktagacha.
There is some debate as to whether it originated in Spain or Puerto Rico.
Jangajji dishes are usually preserved for a long period of time, and served with a drizzle of sesame oil.
Unbroken and unhusked maize kernels can also be cooked until tender.
It is called as 'happala' in Karnataka.
It is made from unleavened dough lump given a small ovoid shape with ridges along it using an 'icing' bag with a special nozzle.
Bacon jam, like other fruit jams, requires a certain level of sugars to be officially labelled 'jam'.
In the Italian city of Modena, farfalle are known as strichetti.
In states such as Bihar and U.P.
Guīlínggāo, also known as Tortoise Jelly or Turtle Jelly, is a jelly-like Chinese medicine, also sold as a dessert.
"Colin the Caterpillar" is a chocolate roll cake sold by British store Marks & Spencer.
There is debate about the actual etymology of the word bierock.
The hot candy is poured out onto a flat surface for cooling, traditionally a granite or marble slab.
It is known in the UK as Brittany Fish Stew.
It contains sour cherries and is topped with buttercream and chocolate glaze.
Members of the community commonly sell bean pies as part of their fundraising efforts.
Hot lou mei is often served directly from the pot of braising liquid.
Quad City-style pizza is a unique pizza style that originates from the Quad Cities region of Iowa and Illinois in the United States.
The traditional Buchtel is filled with plum Powidl jam.
In the United Kingdom, this part is commonly referred to as "braising steak".
Snorkers is a British English colloquialism for sausages.
In its most basic form the salad consists of thin, tart orange slices served with olive oil, salt and black pepper.
Burasa or buras is a type of rice dumpling cooked with coconut milk packed inside a banana leaf pouch.
A churro is a fried-dough pastry—predominantly choux—based snack.
In coastal areas, fish such as salmon is commonly used, whereas pork, beef, rabbit and game are often included inland.
It is quite common for the omelette to be folded around a filling such as cheese, chives, vegetables, meat, or some combination of the above.
It consists of tender chunks of pork taken from young pigs of less than 15 kg in weight.
Pathia is an ancient Parsi form of curry from Persia,predominantly available in the curry houses of the United Kingdom.
Chicken 65 is a spicy, Desi Chinese dish that has deep-fried chicken originating from Chennai, India, as an entrée, or quick snack.
The juice goes into a tank; the crushed canes are used as cattle fodder, or fertilizer.
The meat is cooked in a roux for a long time over low heat along with pearl onions and bacon added at the end.
Although most modern recipes call for red wine, a minority call for white, as do the earliest recorded daube recipes.
These carts start dispensing the same early evenings and continue to serve them after midnight.
Bánh cuốn is a dish from Northern Vietnam.
Kimchi-buchimgae or kimchi pancake, sometimes also referred to as kimchi-jeon(김치전, Korean pronunciation: [kim.tɕʰi.dʑʌn]), is a variety of buchimgae, or Korean pancake.
The soup is a regional specialty from Tidewater, Virginia, the South Carolina Lowcountry and Georgia coast.
It normally has a different recipe from liver pudding, though the distinction is blurred.
The word 'soused' can also describe a marinated herring that has been cooked.
Variations of the dish use beef, chicken or pork.
A similar soup, called zanzarelli, was described by Martino da Como in his 15th century manual, The Art of Cooking.
Haggis is traditionally served with "neeps and tatties", boiled and mashed separately, and a dram, especially as the main course of a Burns supper.
Bakpia was influenced and originated from Chinese sweet rolls.
It is associated with Festa Junina winter celebrations.
The dough is usually made of potato, though also quark and choux pastry are used.
The appellation "salami" stems from physical resemblance.
It is traditionally served with mashed potatoes and peas.
Usually they contain tiny pieces of pork fat as well.
Mole is the generic name for a number of sauces originally used in Mexican cuisine, as well as for dishes based on these sauces.
In some Central American countries, such snacks are known as bocas.
It is also called fish sausage, fish stick, or fish fritters.
In Indonesia, the Murtabak is one of the most popular street foods and is known as "martabak".
Also, today in India, Shrewsbury biscuits are one of the most popular biscuits in the country.
Tandoor bread is a type of leavened bread baked in a clay oven called a tandoor, similar to naan.
It is commonly topped with a selection of meats, vegetables and condiments.
There, neck, flank, round, or rump may be used.
Sarva pindi is a savory pancake made in Telangana.
Pulukodiyal is prepared by boil and then dry and it uses to produce Pulukodiyal flour.
Once ready the gulha are deep fried.
U.S. Senate Bean Soup or simply Senate bean soup is a soup made with navy beans, ham hocks, and onion.
It is another one of the staples of Chinese cuisine which is similar to white bread in western cuisine.
String cheese refers to several different types of cheese where the manufacturing process aligns the proteins in the cheese, which makes it stringy.
Its popularity remained with Southern planters who enjoyed sweet desserts.
Coffee cake is cake intended to be eaten with, or flavored with, coffee.
Cabanossi , also spelled kabanosy, is a type of dry sausage, similar to a mild salami.
They are produced mostly in Andalusia, where there are about 70 factories in that are part of a syndicate that produces polvorones and mantecados.
Around the time of King Rama II, the recipe was adapted from a Mon dish and then modified.
Bacon ice cream is an ice cream generally created by adding bacon to egg custard and freezing the mixture.
The meat used is usually a young and small sized lamb to enhance the taste further.
Ward and the wife of Belgian Prince de Caraman-Chimay.
The encyclopedia mentions 'kalvost' as an alternative name.
Iran boasts a great variation of hundreds of different types of torshi according to regional customs and different events.
Kakuni is a popular regional product of Kyushu, particularly Nagasaki.
The potatoes are cooked by slow stewing in a closed pot with fat and stock.
It is made like a turnover but is more savoury.
The word "pastries" suggests many kinds of baked products made from ingredients such as flour, sugar, milk, butter, shortening, baking powder, and eggs.
It is served either in a small bagful of vinegar, or skewered on bamboo sticks to be dipped in the vinegar just before it is eaten.
The price may vary, depending on the location of the restaurant or eatery.
It is also a main item on menus of food stalls which scatter the city at busy places.
It is common in the cuisines of northern China.
Those from Fuman are larger than most other regions in Iran.
Quetschentaart, a popular Luxembourg speciality, is an open fruit tart with zwetschgen or damson plums.
Risalamande, is a traditional Danish dessert typically served at Christmas.
The flour is soaked in water in order to remove the bitter taste and then baked on a griddle like a thick pancake.
The pastry is soft and made with glutinous rice.
Escoffier gives over sixty recipes for bombes in Le Guide culinaire.
Like kitfo, it is widely popular and considered a national dish.
The drink was made of milk or cream, curdled by the addition of wine, cider, or other acid, and often sweetened and flavoured.
In France and Belgium, the word pistolet refers to a round roll.
The mold each has two plates that are clasped tightly together and attached to long handles for manipulating over a charcoal stove.
This style of shave ice is common on the north shore of O'ahu, as well as on Maui and the Big Island of Hawai'i.
Mashed potato-filled croquettes are often served as a side dish in winter holiday meals, such as Christmas.
They can also be filled with custard, or cream, but that is usually less common.
It comes in many different flavors with candy sticks that are included.
Kue satu or kue koya is a popular traditional kue kering of white-colored sweet mung beans powder that is crumbled when being bitten.
's Book of Cookrye and The English Huswife by Gervase Markham.
It is also similar to the recipe for Scottish collops.
It was taken aboard Slow Food's Ark of Taste in 2011, one of only seven Irish foods ever selected for the ark.
Sausage or ham is often added to gumbos of either variety.
There are several different varieties of chikki in addition to the most common groundnut chikki.
Certain types of foods consumed primarily as Anju include golbaengi muchim, nogari with peanuts, and jokbal.
The official video of Google about naming Android N also shows a glimpse of neyyappam and Kerala tourism made a tweet about this naming campaign.
Suitable fruit includes berries, cherries, plums and apricots.
Kkulppang, also known as honey bread, is a sticky, sweet bread filled with sweetened red bean paste.
The dry mochi is broken into small pieces, about 1 cm cubed, and deep fried.
Local variants of larb also feature in the cuisines of the Tai peoples of Shan State, Burma, and Yunnan province, China.
Each of the ingredients used refer to the color of monastic robes.
Karedok is a raw vegetable salad in peanut sauce from West Java, Indonesia.
It is marinated in sauce made up of soy sauce, sugar, Chinese wine, and spices.
It is commonly sliced and browned in butter or bacon fat prior to consumption.
It also cannot be boiling too fast because of the same reason.
Melonpan and pineapple bun from Hong Kong are very similar.
A bagel, also spelled beigel, is a bread product originating in the Jewish communities of Poland.
However, pu pu platters are currently more closely associated with American Chinese restaurants.
It is sometimes served standing up like a miniature mountain.
It was originally made to be eaten immediately and was commonly sold around factories.
Japanese anpan are similar to the Berliner, except they contain red bean paste.
The Strawberry Delight moniker is also used to refer to cookies, cakes, and other foods that have some of the same pinkish, sweet qualities.
Enchiladas can be filled with a variety of ingredients, including various meats, cheese, beans, potatoes, vegetables or combinations.
Koozh is made from Kezhvaragu or Cumbu flour and broken rice in a clay pot.
The bun is extremely crisp outside and very soft inside.
A curry pie is a pastry dish.
The flavor of broth and topping vary from region to region.
Ducana is also eaten cold, or thinly sliced and fried lightly.
Typically, the combination was very famous in Punjab, India where mostly the Sikh villagers of Punjab love it with sweet buttermilk.
However, some recipes might add a little bit of ground peanuts into their sambals.
Sicilian pizza is pizza prepared in a manner that originated in Sicily, Italy.
The frying renders much of the fat that is attached to the uncooked rind, causing the cooked product to reduce considerably in size.
Haupia is a traditional coconut milk-based Hawaiian dessert often found at luaus and other local gatherings in Hawaiʻi.
The fig roll or fig bar is a sweet roll filled with fig paste that dates back to ancient Egypt, where it is still eaten today.
It is part of the cuisine of Indonesia and Malaysia.
The dish was first mentioned in print in 1864.
The bread can be either plain, or coated with condiments such as mayonnaise or mustard, to enhance its flavour and texture.
Long ago, gata was baked in a tonir, but it is now baked in ovens.
Tipsy cake was also humorously called Tipsy Parson, because it presumably lured many a Sunday-visiting preacher "off the wagon".
Tapenade is a Provençal dish consisting of puréed or finely chopped olives, capers, and olive oil.
These restaurants may serve hot dogs with fresh-cut fries, poutine, hamburgers, pogos, hamburger steaks, in addition to Greek dishes, pizza, and smoked meat.
It is a type of crisp, sweetened bread, made with eggs and baked twice.
Eshabwe is a class of clarified butter that originated in Ankole and is commonly used as condiment.
This food is of African influence, firstly created by Brazilian black slaves during the colonial times.
It can be made with spinach and grated cheese.
Eshabwe, also known as ghee sauce, is a traditional dish prepared in Ankole.
Fårikål is originally a dish from the Western part of Norway, but is now enjoyed in all parts of the country.
Peanut sauce for pecel has no coconut milk.
Salată de boeuf is a traditional Romanian dish, generally served during all festive and special occasions.
It is traditionally made with poultry, but also variants using balls of ground meat, ghormeh cut lamb, fish, or no meat at all are not unusual.
Although the product is called "Melona" and is identified by its melon flavor, the ice pop also comes in other fruit flavors.
The story of Bawcock was popularised by Antonia Barber's children's book The Mousehole Cat, which featured the star-gazy pie.
"Thayir" meaning "curd," and "Saadam" meaning "rice."
Pastas may be divided into two broad categories, dried and fresh.
Chopsticks are commonly used to consume the soup, and it is commonly eaten as a breakfast dish.
French law states that "Foie gras belongs to the protected cultural and gastronomical heritage of France."
After ambassadors in China tasted it, it became known in other parts of the world.
This drink consists of gulaman cubes and/or sago or tapioca pearls suspended in milk, fruit juice or brown-sugar water flavored with pandan leaves.
Ashure was traditionally made and eaten during the colder months of the year as it is calorie rich fare, but now it is enjoyed year-round.
A fritter roll is a Scottish food item which can be found in many fish and chip shops.
Flour is added to the browned meat and vegetable mixture to dry, thicken and loosely bind the filling.
Angel Delight was released in 1967 by the Bird's company, in a strawberries-and-cream flavour.
The suffix gui is often omitted in the names of meat-based gui such as galbi, whose name is originally galbi gui.
The result is placed on a smooth, wet board or an oiled marble plate, left to cool, and then cut into small rhombic-shaped pieces.
This wider surface allowed the minced meat to stick and settle.
Although the soup is named after Manchuria it does not resemble any that is normally found in the cuisines of the region.
It is known as petite tender medallion, petite tender or tender medallions if sliced into medallions.
Typically, it is served as an accompaniment to a coffee.
McVitie's is the best-known manufacturer in the UK; however, all major supermarkets now sell an own-brand version of the biscuits.
Special ingredients such as vegetables, seafood, and meat can also be added to create different kinds of bap.
It is then formed into a sausage, using the pig's bladder or stomach as casing.
A Wurstbrot is a slice of bread spread with slices of lunch meat or sausage.
The term "slavink" loosely translates to Lettucefinch.
Then, the fish are left in a bowl for six to seven days.
It is similar to a Spanish picadillo beef empanada.
It is however rarely consumed today, as very few families keep cows of their own.
It is thought to have originated in the Beaumont Inn of Harrodsburg, Kentucky, by the original settler James Harrod.
Daing is considered poverty food due to its relative cheapness.
Refried beans, Mexican-style rice, and slices of avocado or guacamole are common accompaniments.
The toffee tastes very strongly of molasses, and cheap versions can be quite bitter.
Sheets of malsouka are usually sold in stacks wrapped in cellophane.
It is generally served on toast, and also sometimes on crackers.
Yogurt soup, sometimes known as yayla çorbası, is a meal of Turkish cuisine.
The cake was also made and marketed in British India, and in independent India after 1947, by Britannia Industries and its successor firms.
Lemon curd can also have whipped cream folded into it for such uses as filling cream puffs.
Bagels are now a popular bread product in North America, especially in cities with a large Jewish population, many with alternative ways of making them.
It is a mixture of spicy dry ingredients such as puffed rice, savoury noodles and peanuts.
It is specific to the cuisines of Poland and Belarus, where it is known as żur or żurek.
A chalupa is a specialty of south-central Mexico, including the states of Puebla, Guerrero, and Oaxaca.
Family recipes may also include other small amounts of spices like anise, etc.
The main ingredients are potato and cabbage, but carrots, peas, Brussels sprouts, or any other leftover vegetables can be added.
The semi-solid koozh is later liquefied for consumption by adding water and salt and, optionally, buttermilk, onion, curry leaves and coriander leaves.
When the casserole is inverted, the top is bright red from the tomatoes that now form the top layer and cover the golden eggplant.
Cases of Haemolytic anaemia have been described after ingestion of Suya, possibly as a result of adulteration of food additives.
Many early recipes for Key lime pie did not require baking the pie, relying on this chemical reaction to produce the proper consistency of the filling.
It is usually garnished with thin julienned cooked eggs, marinated meat, and gim.
Clam dip is a dipping sauce and condiment prepared with clams, sour cream or cream cheese, and seasonings as primary ingredients.
The Long Company was named after its founder William Edgar Long.
Guava paste, known as bocadillo in Colombia, is also sometimes included as part of the filling.
Depending on the type and amount of peppers, urnebes can be mildly to very hot.
It consists of salmon fillets, boiled potatoes and leeks.
The starter is grown in a bed of flour at cool temperatures until it reaches sufficient maturity.
In Malaysia, you can also try the dried version with soup served separately.
Blaas are sold in two varieties: “Soft” and “Crusty”.
The general method for production have remained virtually unchanged throughout the centuries, but the techniques have been gradually improved.
A crostata is a "rustic free-form version of an open fruit tart" that may also be baked in a pie plate.
Mellorine is a lower-cost imitation of ice cream, using fats other than butterfat.
Earlier a festive treat, now it is part of everyday consumption.
Queen Elizabeth is reported to favour Dundee cake at tea-time.
Sajjige is a semolina based Indian sweet that originated from the Karnataka, India.
Satay originated on the Indonesian island of Java.
Now they are commonly served in each pizzeria all around Italy as antipasto.
The name literally means "ear piece," a reference to the shape of one of its common forms.
Rösti or röschti is a Swiss dish consisting mainly of potatoes, in the style of a fritter.
It is found in Hong Kong, China, and overseas Chinatowns restaurants.
Because both almond paste and pine nuts are relatively expensive, and this cookie uses substantial amounts of both, this cookie is a luxury food.
Similar to pilaf and paella, it consists of seasoned rice with some kind of meat, e.g., chicken, Dominican salami, rabbit, but no beef.
They are associated with Christmas and the "circumcision of Christ", or baptism, called Ghtas.
There are ideas that go even further, citing that the maid who made the tarts was imprisoned and had to produce them solely for the King.
It consists of vegetable filling between two slices of white bread.
A related noodle soup, bún bò Huế, is associated with Huế in central Vietnam.
Similar Polynesian dishes include Tongan "lupulu" and Samoan "palusami" and "fai'ai".
Steel-cut oats are known as "coarse oatmeal" or "Irish oatmeal" or "pinhead oats".
Keripik sanjay saka is sweet tasting variant coated with palm sugar.
Kebab are various cooked meat dishes, with their origins in Middle Eastern cuisine.
The cores are normally not used otherwise, making persipan lower-priced than marzipan.
Lady Arundel's Manchets are rarely made today.
Swikee is usually served with plain white rice.
Eve's pudding, also known as Mother Eve's pudding, is a type of traditional British pudding now made from apples and Victoria sponge cake mixture.
Chakhchoukha, chekhechoukha or chakhchoura is a dish of Algerian cuisine, eaten often on festive celebrations, especially popular in the Aurès region.
Steak-frites is the subject of a semiotic analysis by the French cultural theorist Roland Barthes in his 1957 work Mythologies.
Seydoux first learned his craft in Montreux, Switzerland, and continued his studies in France and England before coming to work in the United States.
Korean bokkeum-bap in general isn't, although there is a Korean Chinese variety of bokkeum-bap.
It is typically covered in a shell made of chocolate or cocoa, but cinnamon or nuts are also used.
Other confectionery producers also make similar candies but named differently.
Kibbeh nayyeh is often served with mint leaves, olive oil, and green onions.
There are currently three different flavors of Manwich; Original, Bold and Thick & Chunky.
Cornmeal mush is often consumed in Latin America and Africa.
Bamba is made from peanut butter-flavored puffed maize.
The meatless version is considered an "olive-oil dish" and is often eaten at room temperature or warm.
It is often seasoned with salt, whole black peppercorns and smoked paprika.
Bánh bột lọc is a small, clear-looking, chewy tapioca dumpling in Vietnamese cuisine that can be eaten as appetizers or small snacks.
Many stalls in Singaporean food courts and hawker centres sell fried bee hoon with ngo hiang; this combination is common for breakfast and lunch.
Nettle soup is a traditional soup prepared from stinging nettles.
Shavings are cut off the block of meat for serving, and the remainder of the block of meat is kept heated on the rotating spit.
In Sevilla, in southern Spain, these cookies are known as empiñonados.
As all different families brought food to the celebrations, they became mixed, eventually mixing them together to this all-encompassing salad.
Its name derives from the word pastrma, meaning salted and dried meat of sheep or lamb.
Welch's Cocoanut candy was also produced by the James O. Welch Company.
A dip or dipping sauce is a common condiment for many types of food.
New Zealanders regard the meat pie as a part of New Zealand cuisine, and it forms part of the New Zealand national identity.
It is also very common to place cajeta between obleas to make a traditional Mexican candy.
They generally consist of a cross-sectional "ring" of onion dipped in batter or bread crumbs and then deep fried; a variant is made with onion paste.
It may also be called mother dough.
It is made from rice, lentils, potato, methi, and curry leaves, and served with chutneys and sambar.
Chickpea noghl, or sugar-coated Chickpea, is a traditional Iranian and Afghan, Turkish confection.
Its name may derive from the prevalence of sweet custards in English desserts.
Furthermore, some types of senbei may use wheat flour or barley flour instead of rice flour, for example tansan senbei, nanbu senbei, and kawara senbei.
It is mentioned in the encyclopedia Project af swensk grammatica from 1682.
Gul means flower in both Persian and Urdu and in Sanskrit term ful or pushpa meaning flower; whereas qand means sweet in Persian.
The company, which was founded in 1920, was purchased by Kraft Jacobs Suchard in 1993.
This bread is extremely thin and supple, and the fact that it is usually served folded like a handkerchief are the probable sources of the name.
There are also spoon sweets produced without fruit.
Kinema is considered a healthy food because fermentation breaks down complex proteins into easily digestible amino acids.
In Italian cuisine, a panbrioche is a kind of bread similar to a brioche.
Bubur pedas is a traditional porridge dish for the Malays both in Sambas and Sarawak.
Tongseng is goat meat, mutton or beef stew dish in curry-like soup with vegetables and kecap manis.
Kuivaliha, air-dried salted meat of northern Finland.
The fermentation process breaks down the starches so that they are more readily metabolized by the body.
This dish goes very well with baked potato and green pepper.
Pez is the brand name of an Austrian candy and associated mechanical candy dispensers.
Preparation methods for tarkaris range from simple to complex.
Vánočka is a braided bread, baked in Czech Republic and Slovakia traditionally at Christmas time.
This is then covered with the mixture [cheese and honey] from the mortar.
Buko pie is traditionally plain, nowadays flavorings such as pandan, vanilla, or almond essences are used.
The etymology of Güllaç is combination of two words Güllü and aş, meaning "food with roses".
Egg waffles are among the most popular Hong Kong "street snacks" and were ranked No.1 in a 100 most popular HK street snack listing.
Michael Portillo visited a family-run smokehouse on the Isle of Skye, Scotland during his Great British Railway Journeys series.
The paste is prepared by boiling the beans, then mashing or grinding them.
The dish has been served with raji, a cereal.
The spiced minced meat is wound around bamboo, sugar cane or lemongrass sticks, it is then grilled on charcoal.
Panta bhat has more micronutrients than fresh rice.
Traditionally the top of the clanger is scored with a few lines to denote the sweet end.
The Italian gastronomic society, l'Accademia Italiana della Cucina, documented several ragù recipes.
The term seems to derive from the French adjective "étuvée" which may be translated as "steamed" or braised
Like tuna salad and egg salad, it may be served on top of lettuce, tomato, avocado, or some combination of these.
The dish is lamb's liver wrapped in netvet, which is the fatty membrane that surrounds the kidneys.
The dough is usually unleavened, and made only with flour, salt and water.
Andouille is a smoked sausage made using pork, originating in France.
The addition of powdered sugar, which usually contains corn starch, to the uncooked meringue produces a pavlova.
Ube halaya is also used in pastries and other desserts such as halo-halo and ice cream.
In Iranian cuisines there are many different Khoresh with many unique ingredients.
It is used in the Xhosa variant of Umngqusho and sometimes eaten with Chakalaka.
This pie often also contains apple and/or rhubarb.
It is served on a large plate and eaten with a spoon.
Skolebolle is the Norwegian name for a type of sweet roll that consists of regular dough of yeast, custard and icing with grated coconut.
The tart was originally created in Australia and is mainly found there and in New Zealand.
Unlike northern Paksiw na isda, it does not include vegetables and no water is added to the broth.
Ogbono soup has a mucilaginous texture, similar to okra soup.
The Peach Melba is a dessert of peaches and raspberry sauce with vanilla ice cream.
It was sold as a national brand in 1959.
Seolleongtang or ox bone soup is a Korean broth tang made from ox bones, brisket and other cuts.
Aspic is a dish in which ingredients are set into a gelatin made from a meat stock or consommé.
In this dish, the curry plays an important part in dish.
They are very popular in Silesia and in neighboring regions.
Sfiha, is a pie-like dish originating from the Levant, specifically Baalbek, Lebanon, but it is also known in Turkey as pide.
Pakora, also called pakoda, pakodi, or ponako, is a fried snack.
Bone-in top loin steak: also known as a club steak, country club steak, shell steak, and strip loin steak).
It is somewhat similar to Madeira cake, also associated with Portugal, but its closest relative is pão-de-ló, also a Portuguese cake.
Often, this dish is served at restaurants with a side of raitha, or a mix of salty yogurt and cold vegetables.
Cretons are usually served on toast as part of a traditional Quebec breakfast.
Similar to bagels, they are briefly boiled before being baked, which gives them a very interesting texture.
Various main ingredients are used to prepare different versions of do pyaza.
Cumian [tsʰu˥mjɛn˥˩] is a thick Chinese noodle made from wheat flour and water.
Piaya, sometimes spelled piyaya, is a muscovado-filled unleavened flatbread from the Philippines especially common in Negros Occidental where it originated.
In the UK, Lemon Tart consists of a pastry case containing a baked lemon custard.
They are fried in oil until golden brown and sprinkled with sugar.
Curry powder is a spice mix of widely varying composition based on South Asian cuisine.
The salad may include raw red peppers, shallots, artichoke hearts and other seasonal raw vegetables.
At Christ's Hospital, which was founded before the reign of Elizabeth the First, the word collops was used on the menu to mean stewed minced beef.
Then the marinated chicken is fried in oil.
In Canada it is sold in small "greasy spoon" type diners and pubs, as well as by roadside chip wagons and in hockey arenas.
’’Rojak bandung’’ and Bandung city are not inter-related with each other at all.
Melba toast is also available commercially, and was at one time given to infants who were teething as a hard food substance on which to chew.
New Englanders since early colonial times have referred to cornmeal mush or cereal as "samp."
Some flavors are only sold in specific locations, such as tourist spots.
Green goddess is a salad dressing, typically containing mayonnaise, sour cream, chervil, chives, anchovy, tarragon, lemon juice, and pepper.
It is also considered to be traditional food in Czech, Slovak and Croatian cuisine and is also very common in Poland, Austria, and Israel.
Lassi is a popular traditional yogurt-based drink from the Indian Subcontinent.
In Italy vermicelli is slightly thicker than spaghetti, but in the United States it is instead slightly thinner.
Ajapsandali, or ajapsandal is a traditional Armenian, Azerbaijani and Georgian vegetarian dish consisting of eggplant, potato, tomato, bell pepper and seasoning.
Bar-le-duc jelly is a highly regarded preparation of jelly originally composed of select whole seeded currants, typically white currants or alternatively red currants.
Tuwo shinkafa is a type of Nigerian cuisine from the northern part of Nigeria.
They play a most important part in giving kuihs their distinctive soft, almost pudding-like, yet firm texture.
Also known as "Slack Season Ta-a Noodles", they originated in Tainan,, about 130 years ago.
Sweets that need sugar to set use two thread syrup, which is obtained by boiling and stirring for a longer time.
They remain popular in the Ohio River valley, where they are served heavily battered on hamburger buns.
The Smith's Snackfood Company ceased production of Toobs in 2015 due to poor consumer demand.
Hard dough bread loaves are usually rectangular shaped and can be bought already sliced or unsliced.
Kneippbrød is a whole wheat bread named for Sebastian Kneipp, a 19th-century Bavarian priest and hydrotherapist.
Banbury cakes were traditionally enjoyed with afternoon tea.
The initial number of 20,000 Jaffas has now been increased to 30,000 Jaffas.
Damper was eaten with dried or cooked meat or golden syrup, also known as "cocky's joy".
The dessert is popular during weddings, religious festivals and other social functions and celebrations.
It is a staple of Cuban-American cuisine and is traditionally the bread of choice when making an authentic Cuban sandwich.
The same liking for serving the slightly sweet putu mayam, putu piring, or cendol with savoury dishes also occurs in Malaysia and Singapore.
Crab Louie salad, also known as Crab Louis Salad or the King of Salads, is a type of salad featuring crab meat.
In 2007, some markets in the United States began to sell kaipen.
Flummadiddle is a baked main course pudding consisting of stale bread, pork fat, molasses, and spices including cinnamon, allspice, and cloves.
They can also be flavored with margarine, peanut butter, or vanilla.
Herbal and fruit teas are commonly served both hot and cold.
After being stuffed with ground beef and spices, thin wheat dough parcels are cooked in yogurt and served hot in this sauce.
There is some debate over the meaning and origin of the word.
Fat content of the strip is somewhere between the two cuts.
There are various theories on the origin of the name.
The soup also contains potatoes, onions, fatty meat, and offal such as kidneys, liver, and/or heart.
Bistek Tagalog is one of the simplest, yet most appetizing dishes of Tagalog region, in the Southern Luzon, Philippines, where “bistek” is believed to have originated.
A similar product, Alphabetti Spaghetti, was sold by the H. J. Heinz Company for 60 years before being discontinued in 1990.
Christmas cake is a type of fruitcake served at Christmas time in many countries.
It is also cooked into a variety of dishes.
Much later that dish of cooked meat became a soup that we know today.
Basler Läckerli were originally created by local spice merchants over 700 years ago and is available year-round.
It is also popular in Argentina, Peru, Bolivia and other countries in the Andean region.
Odiyal is a main ingredient for some food products such as Odiyal flour, Odiyal chips, Odiyal pittu, Odiyal kool, Palm posha, etc.
The juice is then brought to a boil and boiled for about 30 minutes.
Other "creole" dishes may be made by substituting some other meat or seafood for the shrimp, or omitting the meat entirely.
Paomo is a specialty of Shaanxi cuisine and is a typical food eaten in the city of Xi'an.
There are many variations based on the type of waffle iron and recipe used.
The pastry was originally shaped "into the initial of the family's surname."
It is prepared during Makar Sankranti festival by all people irrespective of Caste and Creed.
A Kuchen is typically less decorative or fancy in nature.
As a very light pasta, it goes well in soups or with seafood or light sauces.
In essence, it is a chiffon cake baked in a paper cup.
Lactobacillus curvatus use in the product has been proven to prevent the growth of pathogenic bacteria in naem.
Its origin can be traced back to the times of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Isterband is a coarsely ground, lightly smoked sausage from Sweden.
Some of the best Rajma are said to be grown in the Nepal hills, north Indian state of Himachal Pradesh and the Jammu region of J&K.
These dishes often had spices in them which were considered to be very expensive in the Renaissance times.
The beef shank is the shank portion of a steer or heifer.
Gaisburger Marsch is a traditional Swabian beef stew, named after Gaisburg, a district of Stuttgart.
Chicharrón is a dish generally consisting of fried pork belly or fried pork rinds; chicharrón may also be made from chicken, mutton, or beef.
Rosvopaisti is roast meat cooked in a cooking pit.
It is especially popular in Luang Prabang.
The Puits d'amour is a French pastry with a hollow center.
The most commonly used ingredients are: flour, yeast, butter, egg yolk, a little bit of rum, salt, milk and oil to deep fry with.
Cocoloși is a traditional Romanian dish, consisting of balls of mămăligă filled with cheese and grilled on a barbecue.
The noodles are bigger than fermented flour and softer too.
Budu is a fish sauce and one of the best known fermented seafood products in Kelantan, Terengganu and southern Thailand as well.
The common meats used were chicken, clams, rabbit, beef, or pork.
In Mercer County, diners typically provide pickles and ketchup on the side.
Tikka prepared with meat is known as Kebab.
Chicken fingers are a common snack in the U.S..
In Tibetan cuisine, gundain is a type of pastry made from barley grain and yeast, with tsampa, dry curd cheese, wild ginseng, and brown sugar.
It traditionally consists of crushed garlic, European pine nuts, coarse salt, basil leaves, Parmigiano-Reggiano and pecorino sardo, all blended with olive oil.
A variant of the dish uses seafood.
The traditional balchão uses a paste made from dried shrimp known as galmbo in Konkani.
To qualify, the cake must be made in the Autonomous Community of Galicia and contain at least 33% almonds, excluding the base.
When the spread is placed on bread, it makes a tuna salad sandwich.
The noodles are made from either potato starch, corn starch, rice starch or arrowroot starch.
The annual production of gundruk in Nepal is estimated at 2,000 tons and most of the production is carried out at the household level.
A smaller Italian variant common in North America is the zeppole.
However if left to cool too much, it can become too thick and unspreadable.
More specifically, it refers to a soup or stew made of pork and vegetables, most frequently, cabbage and potatoes of which choucroute is the most characteristic.
A dim sim is a Chinese-inspired meat and vegetable dumpling-style snack food, popular in Australia and to a lesser extent in New Zealand.
It is one of many types of traditional amaretto biscuits.
Similar breads are: bagels, simit, bubliki and baranki.
It's a derivative of the Barros Luco sandwich.
She loved it and made it her own.
The term is Chinese, but may also refer to flatbreads or cakes of other cultures.
Hutspot hochepot or hotchpotch in English, is a dish of boiled and mashed potatoes, carrots and onions with a long history in traditional Dutch cuisine.
The similarities between the two desserts are many, such as the use of thin layers of dough and nuts in between.
Gomme is also used as regular spread on slices of bread.
The word generally refers to roasted whole-grain buckwheat or buckwheat groats.
The dish is prepared by first browning the beef in oil, lard, or bacon fat.
The cooking must take at least six hours of sensitive boiling on small fire.
Other accounts say that a customer who didn't want some meat drippings to go to waste requested his sandwich be dipped in them.
This is then baked until golden brown on top.
It is a conserve made of guava and sugar.
It can be made fresh by blanching tomatoes, removing the skins, then blending into a puree.
The home variety can be oven cooked to reduce the amount of oil, which makes them drier.
In 2004, Terry Wogan, a radio presenter for the BBC, described rich tea as the "Lord of all Biscuits" on his Radio 2 breakfast show.
It is generally consumed after a meal as a light dessert alone or combined with ice cream, honey or nuts.
In certain parts of India, papadums which have been dried but not cooked are used in curries and vegetable dishes.
Muskazine is the name of a German specialty made from almonds, spices, sugar, flour, eggs and marzipan.
Rigatoni con la pajata is a classic dish of the Roman cuisine.
A report from 1978 indicates that even further ingredients can be used, such as nigella, millet flour and dried cheese.
It is also sold in some delis as a cold cut.
Kakuni is a Japanese braised pork dish which literally means "square simmered".
The rolls are made of wheat flour, water, sugar, soybean oil, vegetable shortening, milk powder, salt, yeast and baking soda.
It is called Melassich Riwwelboi or Melassichriwwelkuche in the Pennsylvania Dutch language.
Pig fallopian tubes are used as an ingredient in some Singaporean dishes.
Those leaves in the 0.2 µm thickness tend to adhere to skin if handled directly.
They are similar to fresh corn tortillas, but are somewhat fatter.
The dish is made of yellow egg noodles, which are also used in Hokkien mee, with a spicy slightly sweet curry-like gravy.
Jalebi is eaten with curd or rabri along with optional other flavours such as kewra.
One such restaurant is "El Jardi Del Tastets" in Palamos, Spain.
Mantecadas are baked in square or rectangular box-shaped paper "cajillas" instead of in the typical muffin round paper cups.
It is commonly eaten as part of a mezze platter, or by itself, with slices of warm pita bread.
These are served hot, usually with sugar, fruits or other sweet side dishes.
It is used to decorate Christmas cakes, wedding cakes, gingerbread houses and many other cakes and cookies.
In other countries, king cakes are made with a puff pastry, filled with one of several fillings, and have a small figurine hidden inside.
They are also sometimes referred to as sesame balls.
It is a kind of blood sausage and believed to have been eaten since long ago.
