Gassicurtia is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Caliciaceae.
All parts of the mushroom will bruise when handled.
Xerotus is a genus of fungi in the family Polyporaceae.
Ramularia primulae is a fungal plant pathogen infecting Primula.
Septoria hydrangeae is a fungal plant pathogen infecting hydrangeas.
This was later discovered to be an illegitimate homonym of a species named by William Alphonso Murrill in 1915, now known as Marasmiellus distantifolius.
Syncesia is a lichenized genus of fungi in the family Roccellaceae.
The best-known member is the slimy spike-cap.
Nothomitra is morphologically distinguished from Microglossum in that the fertile hymenium in Nothomitra is not flattened as in Microglossum.
Hypomyces papulasporae is a parasitic ascomycete in the order Hypocreales.
The genus has a widespread distribution in subtropical dry areas, and contains five species.
It is cultivated locally in temperate climates in Europe, North America and Australia and sold fresh in super markets.
Clavulina gigartinoides is a species of coral fungus in the family Clavulinaceae.
It is found northeastern North America, where it fruits in the summer and fall, and is common in the Great Lakes region.
The genus is in the family Parmeliaceae.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
Many species originally described within Tricholoma have since been moved to other genera.
Due to its technological interest in dairy products, it has been proposed to use G. candidum as a starter.
Gliocladium is filamentous; it grows tubular, elongated, and thread-like.
Penicillium turbatum produces pipolythiopiperazinedione-antibiotics, hyalodendrin A and hadacitin.
Phloeopeccania is a genus of fungi within the Lichinaceae family.
Fistulina is a genus of fungi in the family Fistulinaceae.
Vascellum curtisii, published by Hanns Kreisel in 1963, is a synonym.
Found in Australia, it was first described scientifically in 1931 by John Burton Cleland as a species of Collybia.
C. excelsus has fruit bodies that may be up to 15 cm in height and grow in dense clusters.
It was first described as a species of Peziza by Elias Magnus Fries in 1851.
Mycaureola is a genus of fungi in the Physalacriaceae family of mushrooms.
Lemmopsis is a genus of fungi within the Lichinaceae family.
Candida insectamens is a yeast species in the genus Candida.
Diaphanopellis is a genus of rust fungi in the family Coleosporiaceae.
While the immature volvae are edible, the mature fruit body is foul-smelling and covered with a slime layer containing spores on the inner surfaces.
Rhodoscypha is a fungal genus in the family Pyronemataceae.
It is therefore not clear to what extent this knowledge is valid for A. subglaciale.
Thyrea is a genus of lichen within the Lichinaceae family.
Fruitbodies have conical to bell-shaped caps measuring 1.5–4 cm in diameter.
There are about 25,000 species that have been classified in the deuteromycota and many are basidiomycota or ascomycota anamorphs.
Cortinarius magellanicus is a species of agaric fungus in the family Cortinariaceae.
The Microstromataceae are a family of fungi in the class Exobasidiomycetes.
Lulwoana is a genus of fungi within the Lulworthiaceae family.
Rhizopogon luteolus is an ectomycorrhizal fungus used as a soil inoculant in agriculture and horticulture.
Mycophycias is a genus of fungi in the family Verrucariaceae.
Bipolaris incurvata is a plant pathogen that causes blight and leaf spots in coconut trees.
A common fungus native to Europe and Asia, it has been introduced to North America and Australia.
Species in the family, known from Eurasia and New Zealand, grow on the ground with rotting wood or plant debris.
Little is known about the edibility of Nolaneas, and some are poisonous.
Stenella iteae is a species of anamorphic fungi.
The genus and species were described as new to science in 1924 by German mycologist Hans Sydow.
Brefeldiella is a genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.
Tricharina is a genus of fungi in the family Pyronemataceae.
The peridium is up to 2 mm thick and has a dry, roughened surface colored tan to yellow.
The mushroom tissue is white with a pleasant odor and a spicy or bitter taste.
Cortinarius archeri is a species of mushroom in the genus Cortinarius native to Australia.
The epithet, podetiaforma is in reference to a primary inflated branch of the thallus that resembles a podetium, a common feature in the lichen genus Cladonia.
The fungus is widely spread in Europe, and has also been reported from the Pacific Northwest region of North America.
Platythecium is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Graphidaceae.
Uredo rangelii, commonly known as myrtle rust, is a fungal plant pathogen native to South America that affects plants in the family Myrtaceae.
Therefore it’s believed that the trees successfully combat the pathogen when it enters wounds higher up made by animals, insects, or weather.
Nolaneas are well known for being difficult to identify.
Leccinum idahoense is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.
Cytidia salicina commonly known as Scarlet Splash is a species of Fungus that is found growing on willows and other deciduous woody plants in Europe.
Phragmocapnias is a genus of fungi within the Capnodiaceae family.
It occurs throughout Eurasia, North America and Australia and grows with a wide range of hardwood and conifer trees.
The genus contains two species found in north temperate areas that grow in a parasitic association with species of Scleroderma and Pisolithus.
The genus contains five species formerly restricted to Australasia, but now more widespread due to having been spread with Eucalyptus.
The epithet pyxidatus means "box-like"—a reference to this shape.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the order is unknown, and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any family.
Treatment of infection often involves a combination of antifungal drug therapy and surgical excision.
Although not conclusively proven yet, this species may be conspecific with C. micaceus.
Peccania is a genus of fungi within the Lichinaceae family.
Pseudolembosia is a genus of fungi in the family Parmulariaceae.
They are among world's most poisonous mushrooms as they contain the highly toxic compound orellanine.
Suillus subalutaceus is an edible species of mushroom in the genus Suillus.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the order is unknown, and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any family.
The family is monotypic, containing the single genus Melampsora, which contains about 90 species.
Gymnopilus novoguineensis is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
Nothojafnea is traditionally classified in the family Pyronemataceae, due to its ornamented spores and apothecial hairs.
This mushroom is closely related to Psilocybe cyanescens.
The oyster mushroom is one of the more commonly sought wild mushrooms, though it can also be cultivated on straw and other media.
Tricharina was described by mycologist Finn-Egil Eckblad in 1968.
Insects play a role in spreading Penicillium coffeae.
The fruit body consists of a mass of small overlapping hoof-shaped caps arising from a common core.
The disease, corn anthracnose leaf blight, is the most common stalk disease in maize and occurs most frequently in reduced-till or no-till fields.
The cap surface is covered with black scales, while the surface between the scales is initially greenish yellow, and later dull green and eventually greyish black.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Polycyclinopsis solani.
The fungus has been used medicinally by the Oneida Indians, and also as a colorful component of table decorations in England.
Penicillium aethiopicum produces viridicatumtoxin and griseofulvin, two structurally interesting polyketides.
In North America, it is found in most of Alaska and Canada, the Great Lakes region, New England, the Rocky Mountains, and the Pacific coast.
It seems to collect debris on top and the gills acquire a dirty brownish stain due to discoloured milk.
Most are small to medium sized, white, brown, ocher or gray with a cylindrical to subcylindrical stipe and white to pale yellowish gills.
The stem ends in a roughly spherical bulb at the base, which is covered with bright orange patches.
The genus was first described by Ahmés Pinto Viégas in 1944.
Darbishirella is a lichenized genus of fungi in the family Roccellaceae.
The suborder contains a diverse assemblage fruit body morphologies, including boletes, gasteroid forms, earthstars, and puffballs.
The pores and angular, thin-walled, and number about one to three per millimetre.
Hypoxylon is a genus of Ascomycetes commonly found on dead wood, and usually one of the earliest species to colonise dead wood.
As an ascomycete, Ceratocystis coerulescens produces ascospores encased as groups of eight in asci.
Found in Belize, it was described as new to science in 2007.
Cantharellopsis is a tan- to whitish-colored bryophilous monotypic genus in the Agaricales.
A monotypic genus, Euhaplomyces contains the single species Euhaplomyces ancyrophori.
Leciophysma is a lichenized genus of fungi within the Collemataceae family.
Myriangiopsis is a genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.
It was first described scientifically by German mycologist Julius Oscar Brefeld in 1888.
Follmanniella is a lichenized genus of fungi in the family Roccellaceae.
E. frostii may be distinguished from other superficially similar red-capped boletes by differences in distribution, associated tree species, bluing reaction, or morphology.
Drechslera teres f. maculata is a plant pathogen.
The genome of S. thiersii is being sequenced as part of the United States Department of Energy's Joint Genome Institute Community Sequencing Program.
This species ability to break down starch is greatly improved when it is cocultured with Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
The yellowish stem measures up to 110 mm in length by 8 mm in width, and sometimes shows remnants of the partial veil.
Agaricus campestris is a widely eaten gilled mushroom closely related to the cultivated button mushroom Agaricus bisporus.
The genus, first described by Italian mycologist Pier Andrea Saccardo in 1888, contains 23 species.
Sarcodon quercophilus is a species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae.
Boletus rubroflammeus is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.
Palmicola is a genus of fungi in the Xylariales order of the Ascomycota.
The fungus has been mostly been found fruiting on the droppings of moose, although it has also been recorded on roe deer and reindeer dung.
Its habitat is woody debris and leaf litter in deciduous woodland, especially beech.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Lobulicium occultum, found in Europe.
Calloriella is a genus of fungi in the Dermateaceae family.
The thick stipe has fine pink or reddish dots, and is white to pinkish but with a bright yellow base.
Young examples of the species often have a veil between the cap of the mushroom and the stem.
Beschel originally used gravestones to produce a calibration curve.
Psilocybe weilii is a psilocybin mushroom having psilocybin and/or psilocin as main active compounds.
Tylophorella is a genus of fungi within the Arthoniales order.
Morchella anatolica is a species of ascomycete fungus in the family Morchellaceae that was described as new to science in 2010.
T. delbrueckii was formerly known as Saccharomyces delbrueckii or Saccharomyces rosei or Saccharomyces roseus, and the anamorph is called Candida colliculosa.
Phallus aurantiacus is a species of fungus in the stinkhorn family.
The name change in the latter publication was invalid, so Carlo Luciano Alessio published the new combination validly in 1985.
The specific epithet decipioides refers to its similarity with Caloplaca decipiens.
Fruitbodies of the fungus smell strongly of blossums of the golden wattle and sweet wattle.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Lulwoidea lignoarenaria.
Cortinarius caesiolamellatus is a species of fungus in the large mushroom genus Cortinarius.
Dipodomyces is a genus of fungi in the family Laboulbeniaceae.
Perischizon is a genus of fungi in the family Parmulariaceae.
Ophiomassaria is a genus of fungi in the class Sordariomycetes.
Originally described as a subgenus of Poria by French mycologist Narcisse Théophile Patouillard in 1899, he promoted it to generic status in 1900.
The asci are thicker at the top than at the base.
The species parasitizes the shore crab, Carcinus maenas, within which it infects the hepatopancreas.
It was circumscribed in 2013 to contain G. nitidus, and the type species, G. vitellinus.
Found in Australasia, Malaysia, and the Pacific islands, the mycelium and fruit bodies of the fungus are bioluminescent.
Hymenogloea is a fungal genus in the family Marasmiaceae.
Parascutellinia is a genus of fungi in the family Pyronemataceae.
The species was first described by J.F Rebentisch in 1804.
As with other Calvatia mushrooms, it is edible when young, and it is used in medicine.
It was first described scientifically in 1873 by Miles Joseph Berkeley and Moses Ashley Curtis.
Cercospora handelii is a fungal plant pathogen.
Found in Colombia, it was described as new to science in 1969 by Dutch mycologist Rudolph Arnold Maas Geesteranus.
Scleroderma meridionale grows in sandy areas, where it fruits singly or scattered in a partially buried state.
The generic name honours Indian botanist and mycologist Sultan Ahmad.
It contains a single described species, Hirticlavula elegans.
Neophaeosphaeria is a genus of fungi in the family Phaeosphaeriaceae.
Leptoporus is a fungal genus in the Polyporaceae family.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Nautosphaeria cristaminuta.
It was first formally described by Charles Horton Peck in 1900.
Most members of Gymnopilus grow on wood but at times may appear terrestrial if the wood is buried or decomposed.
Pyropyxis rubra is found in Canada and the United States, where it grows as a saprophyte on burned forest litter in both mixed and deciduous forests.
Amanita pekeoides is a species of fungus in the family Amanitaceae.
Podoserpula miranda is a species of fungus in the family Amylocorticiaceae.
Its fruiting body is a small agaric bearing a distinctive reddish-coloured grainy cap.
Found in the Iberian Peninsula, it was described as new to science in 2011.
Cresponea is widely distributed, but most species are found in tropical and subtropical regions.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Cyanotrama rimosa, widely distributed in western North America.
Clavulina arcuatus is a species of coral fungus in the family Clavulinaceae.
Sarcodon imbricatus, commonly known as the shingled hedgehog or scaly hedgehog, is a species of tooth fungus in the order Thelephorales.
The thallus is dotted with cephalodia, which contains one of the two symbionts, a species of Nostoc.
The fruit bodies are gray, fleshy polypores that grow on the ground in a mycorrhizal association with Scots pine.
Eutypella is a genus of fungi in the family Diatrypaceae.
Boletus michoacanus is a pored mushroom of the Boletaceae family.
K. marxianus is used commercially to produce the lactase enzyme similar to the use of other fungi such as those in the genus Aspergillus.
It is also known from the roots of wheat, oat and barley.
Inonotus cuticularis is species of fungus in the Hymenochaetaceae family.
Hebeloma laterinum is a species of mushroom in the Hymenogastraceae family.
The spore print is purplish to black.
It is a saprophytic fungus that primarily resides on plants, soil, straw, and dung.
The species was originally described in 1822 by mycologist Lewis David de Schweinitz as Aecidium luminatum.
Anthracothecium is a genus of fungi in the family Pyrenulaceae.
The type species, I. resinosum, is used in mushroom dyeing to produce various shades of brown.
Described as new to science in 2014, it was isolated from plant leaves in China.
Scaphidiomyces is a genus of fungi in the family Laboulbeniaceae.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Thamnochrolechia verticillata, found in Papua New Guinea.
At the top of the stem is a ridged and pitted, thimble-like cap over which is spread olive-colored spore slime.
Astrothelium is a genus of fungi within the Trypetheliaceae family.
Xenodochus is a genus of rust fungus in the family Phragmidiaceae, containing the following species:
phalaenarum or Panaeolus cyanescens, the latter species can be distinguished by the thinner, grayer cap and blue bruising.
Sulcaria is a genus of lichenized fungi within the Parmeliaceae family.
Cryptococcus anarcticus is able to produce amylose.
The genus has a widespread distribution, especially in north temperate areas, and contains 10 species.
Microstoma floccosum is a species in the Sarcoscyphaceae family of cup fungi.
Therefore, with the exception of a few charismatic and readily identified members, Clitocybe mushrooms are rarely collected for consumption.
It was circumscribed by American mycologist Roland Thaxter in 1908.
Asaphomyces is a genus of fungi in the family Laboulbeniaceae.
Verticillium theobromae is a plant pathogen infecting banana and plantain.
Aspergillus transmontanensis is a species of fungus in the family Trichocomaceae first isolated from almonds and maize in Portugal.
Thielavia heterothallica an T.  terrestris can cause infections in humans.
Solioccasus is a fungal genus in the family Boletaceae.
Most of the taxa in this class are tropical and subtropical lichens.
Hyphodontia sambuci or Elder Whitewash is a basidiomycete fungal pathogen on deadwood, especially elder.
Sarcodon lanuginosus is a species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae.
The type collection, made in Sweden, was found growing on moose dung.
Hydnocristella is a fungal genus in the Lentariaceae family.
When dried, jelly fungi become hard and shriveled; when exposed to water, they return to their original form.
Penicillium paneum produces 1-Octen-3-ol and penipanoid A, penipanoid B, penipanoid C, patulin and roquefortine C
These vary from 1–40 μm, making them some of the smallest eukaryotes.
The fungus causes a white rot in conifers, especially junipers.
The fungus has been isolated in the soft cheese Camembert.
Although damages are minimal, an infection can be fatal, especially in immunocompromised individuals such as AIDS patients.
Entoloma moongum is a South Australian species of fungus in the large agaric genus Entoloma.
The genus was circumscribed by Harry Delbert Thiers in 1989.
Gliophorus pallidus is a species of agaric fungus in the family Hygrophoraceae.
A plant pathogen, it is commonly known as the Indian paint fungus.
Lulesia densifolia is a species of fungus that was first described by Rolf Singer in 1970.
Gymnopilus rigidus is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the order is unknown, and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any family.
Penicillium glaucum feeds on only one optical isomer of tartaric acid, which makes it extremely useful in chemistry projects on chirality.
Lithopythium is a genus of fungi in the Ascomycota phylum.
It is found in Zambia, where it grows in miombo woodland.
Psilocybe uxpanapensis is one of the many tropical species of fungi in Mexico at risk of disappearing due to deforestation.
Recently, the genome of L. bicolor has been sequenced.
It was described as new to science in 2013.
It is in the Caloplaca fungus genus of the Teloschistaceae family.
Puccinia carthami is a plant pathogen that causes rust on safflower.
It was described as new to science in 2003 by mycologists Else Vellinga and Roy Watling, from collections made in Queensland.
Clavariadelphus unicolor is a species of club fungus in the family Gomphaceae found in North America.
It is found in Europe and North America.
Physocystidium is a genus of fungi in the Tricholomataceae family.
Ceratophacidium is a genus of fungi within the Rhytismataceae family.
Like other gasteroid fungi, Calostoma do not have the spore discharge mechanism associated with typical gilled fungi, and instead have enclosed spore-bearing structures.
A saprobic species, it is usually found under redwood and Monterey cypress.
Lepiota babruzalka is an agaric mushroom of the genus Lepiota in the order Agaricales.
Amylostereum laevigatum is a species of crust fungus in the family Amylostereaceae.
Psilocybe naematoliformis, is a species of fungus in the mushroom family Strophariaceae.
Pseudogomphus is a genus of fungi in the Gomphaceae family.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
Species grow on soil, wood, leaves and dung.
Gymnoconia is a genus of rust fungi in the family Phragmidiaceae.
Older guidebooks regard it as edible, yet it is now considered suspect.
Collectively, the family contains 20 genera and 198 species.
Penicillium fennelliae is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces patulin, orsellinic acid and penicillinic acid.
The generic name refers to the superficial similarity of the cup-shaped Poronidulus fruit bodies with those of the genus Nidularia.
The fluorescent stain, epicocconone is extracted from it.
Xeromphalina cornui is a species of agaric fungus in the family Mycenaceae.
Wolfiporia curvispora is a species of fungus in the order Polyporales.
This species is in the nevadensis-penetrans infrageneric grouping of the genus Gymnopilus.
It can grow around 4 °C to 20 °C, which encompasses the temperatures found in winter bat hibernacula.
Rolf Singer transferred it to Porpoloma in 1962.
Squamanita schreieri is a species of fungus in the family Tricholomataceae, and the type species of the genus Squamanita.
Rhopalomyces is a genus of fungi in the family Helicocephalidaceae.
Eriosphaeria is a genus of fungi in the family Trichosphaeriaceae.
Chaenotheca is a genus of lichenized fungi within the family Coniocybaceae.
It has ellipsoid spores measuring 11–14 by 5–7 µm.
The monogeneric family Kondoaceae was added to the order in 2006.
While all of the isolated samples where greater than 90% similar to each other they were also less than 90% similar to other yeast species.
Onnia tomentosa is a species of fungus in the family Hymenochaetaceae commonly known as the woolly velvet polypore.
It was circumscribed by Norwegian botanist Johannes Musaeus Norman.
The disease is spread by wind-blown or water splashed spores and survive in thatch.
Metarhizium is a genus of entomopathogenic fungi in the Clavicipitaceae family.
Protostropharia, is a coprophilous agaric fungal genus that produces glutinous, mostly yellowish to yellow brown fruit bodies.
Menegazzia dispora is a species of lichen from South America.
Penicillium stolkiae is a species of the genus of Penicillium.
The species Hebeloma gigaspermum was first described only in 1981 and is externally similar to the much better known Hebeloma sacchariolens.
Phellodon excentrimexicanus is a species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the order is unknown, and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any family.
Hygrophoropsis coacta is a species of fungus in the family Hygrophoropsidaceae.
It is similar to Antrodiella romellii, from which it can be distinguished by its smaller spores, which measure 3.5 by 2.5 µm.
The edibility of the mushroom is unknown.
Described as new to science in 2013, it is found in Europe.
Cladosporium species are often highly osmotolerant, growing easily on media containing 10% glucose or 12–17% NaCl.
The genus contains three species found in North America.
Cylindrocladium is a genus of ascomycete fungi in the family Nectriaceae.
Its familial position is not known with certainty.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the order is unknown, and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any family.
It was originally named Clavaria amethystinoides by American mycologist Charles Horton Peck in 1907; E.J.H.
It is native to southern Europe east to the Caucasus and Israel.
The type species, S. mexicanus, was formerly placed in Amanita, as well as the now obsolete Leucomyces and Venenarius.
The fruit body, typically found partially buried in soil, is initially like a fleshy hollow ball, and may be mistaken for a puffball.
The Physalacriaceae are a family of fungi in the order Agaricales.
Fellhanera borbonica is a species of lichen in the family Pilocarpaceae.
P. violacea is typically found growing on burnt soil.
Coprinellus dilectus is a species of mushroom in the family Psathyrellaceae.
Euepixylon is a genus of fungi in the family Xylariaceae.
Pholiotina smithii is a rare member of the genus Pholiotina which contains the hallucinogenic alkaloid psilocybin.
It is the most pathogenic and widespread of the six Armillaria species found in Australia.
The fungus was originally named Battarreoides potosinus by Teófilo Herrera Suárez in 1951.
Found in Costa Rica, it was described as new to science in 2011.
S. heterosporum has been collected from nonbiting midges of the genera Sympotthastia and Potthastia, and from Cricotopus bicinctus.
Aspergillus pseudocaelatus is a species of fungus in the family Trichocomaceae.
It has since been isolated in other plants in other continents, and is considered a plant pathogen.
It is a genus of only two currently accepted species.
It gets that name because the seeds can be infected, leading to disparate outcomes for the plant.
Nephroma is a genus of medium to large foliose lichens.
Gyalideopsis is a genus of lichens within the family Gomphillaceae.
Fistulinella is a genus of bolete fungi in the family Boletaceae.
Gymnopilus ombrophilus is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
It is detectable in the gastrointestinal tract and mouth in 40-60% of healthy adults.
Pucciniastrum epilobii is a plant pathogen infecting fuchsias.
Aphroditeola is an agaric fungal genus that produces pink cantharelloid fruit bodies on coniferous forest floors.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
Beenakia dacostae is commonly found growing around parts of Victoria and Tasmania, Australia.
Pezizomycetes are a class of fungi within the division Ascomycota.
When mature the cap becomes sticky with a slimy green coating that attracts flies that disperse its spores, and it has a distinct, "netted" universal veil.
It differs from other Piricaudiopsis species in conidial morphology and in the proliferation of its conidiogenous cell.
The edibility of Agaricus deserticola mushrooms is not known definitively.
Septotinia is a genus of fungi in the family Sclerotiniaceae.
Certain fungicides like mancozeb, copper oxychloride, and sulfur have inhibitory effects on the growth of this fungus and its mycotoxin producing capacities.
Metapezizella is a genus of fungi in the family Helotiaceae.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Clibanites paradoxa.
Several studies have investigated the role of S. pungens in the coastal Californian forest ecosystem it occupies.
Ramboldia is a genus of lichenized fungi in the Lecanoraceae family.
It was described as new to science in 1968 by mycologists Alexander H. Smith, Harry Delbert Thiers, and Roy Watling.
Found in Japan, it was described as new to science in 1994.
Mycena kuurkacea is a species of mushroom in the mycenaceae family.
Loreleia is a genus of brightly colored agarics in the Hymenochaetales that have an omphalinoid morphology.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the order is unknown, and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any family.
More than 100 species of this genus are known.
S. cariocanus exhibits postzygotic isolation from representative strains from all known geographical populations of S. paradoxus: European, Far-East Asian, North American and Hawaiian.
The medulla is white, well defined, and often peppered with calcium oxalate crystals.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Telimenochora abortiva.
Aecidium campanulastri is a species of fungus in the Pucciniales order.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
they readily inactivate a broad range of food-borne microorganisms.
Its spread is promoted by warm, damp weather.
Fruit bodies are characterized by very soft dark grey to black pyramidal and overlapping scales on the cap surface.
A variety of the species, Mycena leaiana var.
This distinctive structure has earned Hericium species a variety of common names—monkey's head, lion's mane, and bear's head are examples.
Suillus cavipes is an edible species of mushroom in the genus Suillus.
The distinguishing characteristics of Piloderma are the thick-walled basidiospores, the club-shaped basidia with stalk-like bases, and the clampless-septate hyphae.
Suillus punctipes, commonly known as the spicy suillus, is a bolete fungus in the family Suillaceae.
Phyllisciella is a genus of fungi within the Lichinaceae family.
It is commonly found on calcareous rock or wood or bark exposed to sunlight and which may have calcareous dust in areas with lime soils.
It is also a plant pathogen infecting plane and mango trees.
The species is a psychoactive mushroom, and contains the hallucinogenic compounds psilocybin and psilocin.
The Chrysothricaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Arthoniales.
It has also been found in plant material.
Fusarium proliferatum is a fungal plant pathogen infecting asparagus.
The specific epithet cremeiamarescens refers to the fruitbody colour and the bitter-tasting cap cuticle.
Phallus pygmaeus is a species of stinkhorn mushroom.
and forms mycorrhizal relationships, primarily with conifers.
Described as new to science in 2001, A. freirei is found in coastal regions of Spain.
The photobiont is an alga of the family Chlorococcaceae.
Also, the placement of this genus within the Dothideomycetes is uncertain.
It is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Rhodoscypha ovilla, originally described in 1876 by Charles Horton Peck as a species of Peziza.
Boletus vinaceobasis is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.
The fungus grows very slowly, forming dark hyphae, which contain chlamydoconidia cells and black colonies when grown on agar.
It is, however, distinct from microsporidia found in European populations of amphipods.
Teloschistes chrysophthalmus, often referred to as the gold-eye lichen or golden-eye, is a fruticose lichen with branching lobes.
In 2015, Kuan Zhao and colleagues published analysis that demonstrated that the bolete belongs to Butyriboletus, closely related to Butyriboletus pulchriceps.
These horns expand and have a jelly like consistency when wet.
The genus is widespread in north temperate regions and contains three species.
In some countries this mushroom is available in kit form and can be grown at home.
Gondwanamyces is a genus of fungi in the family Ceratocystidaceae.
Ophiosphaerella korrae is a cause of necrotic ring spot in creeping red fescue.
It parasitizes the mycelium of its host by means of specialized contact cells, and produces dark brown, long-necked perithecia.
Gymnopilus earlei is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
Hemileccinum impolitum, is a basidiomycete fungus of the family Boletaceae, that has tubes and pores instead of gills.
Its cap is brighter in color than the former, and more yellow than the latter two.
It is used for seed and soil treatment for suppression of various diseases caused by fungal pathogens.
The species was originally found in 1948 in Cheboygan County, Michigan, USA, and described by mycologist Alexander H. Smith, who named it Coprinus subpurpureus.
Penicillium amaliae is named after Catharina-Amalia Beatrix Carmen Victoria.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Phaeotomasellia ruwenzorensis.
Helotiella is a genus of fungi in the Helotiales order.
Its orange-coloured latex stains maroon within 30 minutes.
Hydnellum spongiosipes, commonly known as the velvet tooth, is a tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae.
The ability of this fungus to cause problems for florists was noted in the scientific literature in 1881:
Aspergillus ochraceus is a mold species in the genus Aspergillus known to produce the toxin ochratoxin A, one of the most abundant food-contaminating mycotoxins, and citrinin.
It differs from Pleopsidium flavum in having a smooth, smaller squamulose thallus and larger apothecia
This species can cause skin infections and is typically classified as a Biosafety Risk Group 2 agent.
Lepiota ananya is a gilled mushroom of the genus Lepiota in the order Agaricales.
According to a 2008 estimate, the family contains 25 genera and 129 species.
Different forms have been described from Italy, but these are not universally accepted as distinct.
The taxonomy of this genus is still incomplete.
Ramalina fraxinea, the cartilage lichen,is a fruticose lichen with erect or pendulous thalli and branches that are flattened.
Elsinoe rosarum, Anthracnose, is a fungal plant pathogen.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the order is unknown, and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any family.
Lohwagiella is a genus of fungi in the Ascomycota phylum.
Aspicilia cuprea is a large 1–20-centimeter diameter copperish-tan to brown crustose areolate lichen that forms large patches of adjacent lichens on rock.
Many species are brackets, but others have a definite stipe – for example, Polyporus badius.
It is found in eastern North America, where it fruits near oak and pine trees.
The genus contains nine species found in Europe.
It is characterised by having stalked teliospores borne on telia each having a row of four or more cells.
In 2008, a taxonomic revision of western North American populations of this species was published, formally establishing it as a distinct species, Boletus rex-veris.
Rhachomyces is a genus of fungi in the family Laboulbeniaceae.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Lambertellinia scutuloides.
Lactarius alnicola, commonly known as the golden milkcap, is a species of fungus in the Russulaceae family.
Guignardia is a genus of fungi in the family Botryosphaeriaceae.
The genus contains eight species that are widely distributed in north temperate areas.
Cladonia rangiferina, also known as reindeer lichen, lat., is a light-colored, fruticose lichen belonging to the Cladoniaceae family.
Chaetomium globosum is a well-known mesophilic member of the Chaetomiaceae family of molds.
It is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Singerina indica, found in Maharashtra, southwest India.
Species in this genus are parasitic on flies and other two-winged insects.
Parmulariella is a genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.
Sphaeropsis tumefaciens is an ascomycete fungus that is a plant pathogen infecting citruses.
It is especially adept at attacking cellulose and lignin, the latter of which is the second most abundant renewable organic compound in the biosphere.
Ampulloclitocybe is a genus of three species of fungi with a widespread distribution.
Aecidium aechmantherae is a species of fungus in the Pucciniales order.
In North America, it is sometimes referred to by the common name red-capped scaber stalk.
The species is closely related to O. heteropoda.
A plant pathogen, it is found in the southwestern United States and Louisiana.
They grow by themselves on acidic rock in full sunlight.
Members of the genus are commonly called rock-olive lichens.
It has a strong radish-like smell, and a prominent bulbous stem base.
Scleropezicula is a genus of fungi in the family Dermateaceae.
Leccinum areolatum is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.
However, some feel "chytrid" should refer only to members of Chytridiomycota.
The Dictionary of the Fungi report four species, but an additional two species have since been described or transferred into the genus.
Speerschneidera is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Ramalinaceae.
Pleurocystidia can have 3–5 apical, finger-like projections.
Coprinellus heptemerus is a species of mushroom in the family Psathyrellaceae.
Goossensia is a fungal genus in the Cantharellaceae family.
As its name suggests, it looks remarkably similar to a slab of raw meat.
Lecanicillium attenuatum Zare & W. Gams 2001,
Despite this relationship, spore transfer is still accomplished mainly by shedding from mushrooms, which protrude from the termite mounds.
The disease is most prevalent in wet and warm areas especially southern part of the U.S. as the fungi require rain and wind for dispersal.
The fruiting bodies are encountered from summer until early winter.
Their mycelium is grown longitudinally in the mycelium of their hosts.
Chicago, USA: The Field Museum, Department of Botany.
The family was circumscribed by British mycologist Derek Reid in 1965.
caulivora is a plant pathogen which infects soybean.
Xerocomellus chrysenteron, formerly known as Boletus chrysenteron or Xerocomus chrysenteron, is a small, edible, wild mushroom in the family Boletaceae.
Andrew Wilson and Dennis Desjardin transferred it to Mycetinis in 2005.
Phallus rubicundus is a species of fungus in the stinkhorn family.
The fungus has a roughly circular to irregularly shaped fruit body up to 6 cm in diameter with a thick, rooting base.
It is monotypic, containing the single anamorphic species Camaroglobulus resinae, found in Brazil and described as new to science in 1986.
It has a global distribution, but is often localized and rare in many parts of its range.
[1] In smeared-surface ripened cheese, the most important species is P. membranifaciens that also occurs on cream cheese.
These species are almost always found on freshly cut timber or wounded trees.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Pseudothiella hirtellae.
Phialophora tracheiphila is an ascomycete fungus that is a plant pathogen.
Termiticola is a fungal genus in the family Agaricaceae.
The family contains the single genus Mycogelidium, which in turn contains the single species Mycogelidium sinense, found in China.
This large, grey to brown-capped fungus has a very variable appearance but is commonly encountered in coniferous and deciduous forests in Europe and North America.
The Laboulbeniales is an order of Fungi within the class Laboulbeniomycetes.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
This species is widespread and fairly common in urban areas.
These toxic mushrooms resemble several edible species commonly consumed by humans, increasing the risk of accidental poisoning.
Among other Bulbothrix species, only B. isidiza has isidia combined with an underside which is light coloured.
The fruit bodies are characterized by a brownish cap with a pointed umbo, and a long stem that extends deeply into the soil.
Its hosts include various elms, hackberries, and American hop hornbeam Ostrya virginiana.
A monotypic genus, Capillistichus contains the single species Capillistichus tenellus.
Formerly known as Lyophyllum montanum, this is a snowbank mushroom, always associated with melting snow along snowbanks.
However it has several different morphological phenotypes that are discussed more in detail in the chapter on Morphology.
Thielaviopsis is a small genus of fungi in the order Microascales.
Multifurca is a rare genus of ectomycorrhizal fungi in the family Russulaceae.
Dangeardiella is a genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.
Hydrocina is a genus of fungi within the Hyaloscyphaceae family.
The Echinodontiaceae are a family of crust fungi in the order Russulales.
Gymnopilus decipiens is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
Gymnopilus subearlei is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
Found in Brazil, it was described as new to science in 2009.
This species is restricted geographically to the Pacific Northwest, primarily observed in California.
Butyriboletus cepaeodoratus is a pored mushroom in the family Boletaceae.
The genus contains three species found in Australia.
Laurel wilt is a disease of redbay caused by Raffaelea lauricola.
Described as a new species in 2010, it is known only from New South Wales in Australia.
The family has 13 genera and 287 species.
Specifically, it is a fungus that can develop on sweet potatoes.
The genus was circumscribed by Finnish mycologist Petter Karsten in 1881.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Kapooria musarum, first described as Cryptosporella musarum by J. Kapoor in 1968.
Tricholoma vernaticum is an agaric fungus of the genus Tricholoma native to the Pacific Northwest region of the United States.
A. ceciliae is found in woods throughout Europe and North America, where it fruits during summer and autumn.
Appearing in early spring, its distinctive goblet-shaped and dark-colored fruit bodies have earned it the common names devil's urn and the gray urn.
This fungus is native to North America, where it is widespread and grows all year round.
Marasmius amazonicus is a species of agaric fungus in the family Marasmiaceae.
The species has also been found as a cause of keratitis, inflammation of the cornea.
Villosiclava virens, also known by the name of its anamorph Ustilaginoidea virens, is a rice pathogen which causes the false smut disease.
Pleomerium is a genus of fungi within the Meliolaceae family.
In Chilean cuisine, the Digüeñe is usually consumed fresh in salads or fried with scrambled eggs.
Anthracobia melaloma is a species of apothecial fungus belonging to the family Pyronemataceae.
It is named after Serbian mycologist Vojteh Lindtner.
Another study estimated that this species had diverged from B. dendrobatidis in the Late Cretaceous or early Paleogene.
Species of this family have a widespread distribution, but are especially known from northern temperate areas.
According to a 2008 estimate, the family contains 13 genera and 192 species.
Anariste is a genus of fungi in the Asterinaceae family.
Raspberry Leaf Spot is a plant disease caused by Sphaerulina rubi, an ascomycete fungus.
Bryocaulon is a genus of lichenized fungi within the Parmeliaceae family.
This family can not yet be taxonomically classified in any of the ascomycetous classes and orders with any degree of certainty.
It has globoid, ornamented conidia with long digitate projections.
Psilocybe antioquiensis is a species of mushroom in the family Hymenogastraceae.
Monographella albescens is a fungal plant pathogen.
Early species were mistakenly classified among the higher fungi because of their superficial similarity to the rust fungi.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Ceropsora piceae, found growing on spruce in India.
Suillus spraguei has had a complex taxonomical history, and is also frequently referred to Suillus pictus in the literature.
Lanmaoa fragrans is most often reported from southern Europe, where it grows in a mycorrhizal association with oaks.
In cotton, Thielaviopsis root rot, also known as black root rot causes necrosis of the roots and stunting of the crop plants.
Engleromyces sinensis is a species of fungus in the family Xylariaceae.
The type species, N. macrosporum, previously only known from the US, was recorded in Mexico in 2012.
The fungus is a species complex with several different pathotypes, each one of which seems to be host-specific to different subfamilies of grasshoppers.
Branches cylindrical or flattened, blunt, pointed or crested at apex.
A. franchetii occurs in Europe and North Africa with oaks, chestnuts, and pines.
Peziza ampelina is a species of apothecial fungus belonging to the family Pezizaceae.
This mutant might be used for industrial use.
Trachyspora is a genus of rust fungi in the family Phragmidiaceae.
The type locality was in the temperate Pilliga Scrub of northwestern New South Wales, west of the Great Dividing Range.
They inhabit mosses and or liverworts on soil in temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere.
Ceraceopsora is a genus of rust fungi in the Chaconiaceae family.
The two species have also been found in single instances in British Columbia and Northern Norway.
Phyllosticta coffeicola is a plant pathogen infecting coffee.
The Roccellaceae are a family of fungi in the order Arthoniomycetes.
The specific epithet macroacantha, derived from the Greek words macro and acantha, refers to the characteristically long and thick-walled cystidia.
Microcycles like the one used by C. beticola are very effective at producing lots of conidia.
Cyanopyrenia is a genus of fungi in the Ascomycota phylum.
Like other members of the Lepraria genus, it only reproduces asexually.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Cyttarophyllopsis cordispora.
E. floridanus is found on shaded lawns and scrubland in open oak stands in non-tropical regions of Florida, typically on grassy or sandy soil.
Conditions of high humidity can result in reddish or pinkish drops appearing on the stipe.
Puccinia psidii can have very serious consequences to various species of plants in the Myrtaceae.
The Aphelariaceae are a family of fungi in the order Cantharellales.
The genus was first circumscribed by Pier Andrea Saccardo in 1877.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Aphyllotus campanelliformis, found in Colombia.
Russula pyriodora is a species of fungus in the family Russulaceae.
The fungus is known from Asia and North America; in 2015 it was reported from Brazil.
Turbinellus is a genus of five species of fungi in the family Gomphaceae.
The primary symptoms are white, powder-like spots on the leaves and stems.
Palmer with Mycocalia denudata as the type species.
The genus was described by Italian lichenologist Abramo Bartolommeo Massalongo in 1860.
Found in Mexico, the species was described as new to science in 1975 by Mexican mycologist Gaston Guzman.
As with wheat and barley the grains of semiloose smut infected oat plants are completely replaced by the smut fungus.
Areas afflicted by the fungus will retain their color even after the remainder of the leaf has faded.
Plectania nannfeldtii, commonly known as Nannfeldt's Plectania, the black felt cup, or the black snowbank cup fungus, is a species of fungus in the family Sarcosomataceae.
It was transferred to Agaricus in 1994.
Found in Europe, and common in central Italy, the truffle was described as new to science by Italian mycologist Carlo Vittadini in 1831.
Only certain strains of C. anarcticus can use citrate at pH 6.0, D-glucitol, L-arabinose, raffinose and xylose as sole carbone sources.
The fruit body, which can extend up to 15 cm tall, consists of a reddish latticed head placed on top of a long stalk.
Neostomella is a genus of fungi in the Asterinaceae family.
Multifurca furcata is a rare mushroom-forming fungus in the genus Multifurca.
Stigmina platani is a plant pathogen infecting plane trees.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Pachyphysis ozarkana.
Entoleuca mammata is a species of fungus in the genus Entoleuca.
Tricholoma ustale, commonly known as the burnt knight, is a species of mushroom in the large genus Tricholoma.
Tricholoma imbricatum is a species of agaric fungus in the family Tricholomataceae.
The fruit bodies have three or four simple arms that are initially joined at the tip, but often break apart.
Within a few days after rain it dries into a thin film or shriveled mass capable of reviving after subsequent rain.
Asteroma inconspicuum is a plant pathogen that causes anthracnose on elm.
Pithyella is a genus of fungi within the Hyaloscyphaceae family.
Boletus sensibilis is a species of fungus in the Boletaceae family.
Psilocybe septentrionalis is a species of mushroom in the Strophariaceae family.
Cloud ear fungus is an edible jelly fungus.
Penicillium flavigenum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which produces penitrem A, penicillin and roquefortine C.
Clypeolum is a genus of fungi in the Ascomycota phylum.
Nohea is a genus of fungi in the family Halosphaeriaceae.
Vankya ornithogali is a plant pathogen, also called Yellow Star-of-Bethlehem Smut.
Archaeomarasmius is one of only five known agaric fungus species known in the fossil record, and the only one to be described from New Jersey amber.
Agaricus moelleri, also known as the inky mushroom, or dark scaled mushroom, is a large mushroom of the genus Agaricus.
Parasola auricoma is a species of agaric fungus in the family Psathyrellaceae.
Penicillium scabrosum is a species of fungus in the family Trichocomaceae.
Pleomelogramma is a genus of fungi in the family Herpotrichiellaceae; according to the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota, the placement in this family is uncertain.
It is found on the west coast of North America up to Alaska, and in eastern Eurasia.
The genus was first described by Gustav Wilhelm Körber in 1865; it is synonymous with the name Prolisea described by Frederick Edward Clements in 1931.
Another form of control practiced in some areas is to diligently remove Ribes plants from any area near white pines.
Penicillium argentinense is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium.
Termitomyces tylerianus is a species of agaric fungus in the family Lyophyllaceae.
The Uleiellaceae are a family of smut fungi in the order Ustilaginomycetes.
It is most often found in patients who have had prior fluconazole exposure, sparking debate and conflicting evidence as to whether fluconazole should be used prophylactically.
In 2006, sub-cellular localization of almost all the proteins in S. pombe was published using green fluorescent protein as a molecular tag.
It was described as new to science in 1982 by Norwegian mycologist Leif Ryvarden.
In this case the taxonomy was probably based on R. Heber Howe.
Previously known as Boletus ananas and Boletus coccinea, the species was given its current name by William Alphonso Murrill in 1909.
Moniliella is a genus of fungi in the subdivision Ustilaginomycotina.
This is a monotypic family with the sole genus Crocynia, which has primarily a tropical distribution.
Mycoacia is a genus of corticioid fungi in the family Meruliaceae.
Squamules measure up to 2 mm in diameter and are round to irregular, with have a stipe.
It is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Manuripia bifida, found in South America.
Trichoderma ovalisporum is a species of fungus.
A number of biologically active chemicals have been purified from the fruit bodies of the fungus, including fatty acids with bactericidal and fungicidal activity.
The specific epithet refers to its type locality in Natal.
Circumscribed in 1991, the widely distributed genus contain four species.
Serpula lacrymans is one of the fungi that cause damage to timber referred to as dry rot.
It is a common, wood-rotting species in Europe, typically growing on dead attached branches of oak.
Phomopsis azadirachtae is a fungus, a species of the Phomopsis genus.
For invasive disease, treatments include amphotericin B, echinocandins, or extended-spectrum triazole antifungals.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the order is unknown, and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any family.
Microscopically, it has a trimitic hyphal system, a slightly dextrinoid and binding hyphae.
Colletotrichum musae is a plant pathogen primarily affecting the genus Musa, which includes bananas and plantains.
The base of the stipe has short yellowish rhizomorphs.
Colletotrichum hanaui is a falcate-spored graminicolous plant pathogenic fungi species, first isolated from warm-season grasses.
Moserella is a fungal genus in the family Sclerotiniaceae; according to the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota, its placement in this family is uncertain.
Radulodon is a genus of fungi in the family Meruliaceae.
Actinopeltis is a genus of fungi in the Microthyriaceae family.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Didymascus metkinoffi.
It belongs in the Ophiostoma piceae complex.
The genus, circumscribed in 2011, contains six species found in China.
Hygrophoropsis panamensis is a species of fungus in the family Hygrophoropsidaceae.
It is a plant pathogen that causes root-rot of maize, Marasmiellus rot on banana and basal rot of golden shower orchid.
It is found in Asia, Europe, and North America.
Imperator luteocupreus is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae native to southern Europe, where it is found under chestnut.
Their shape, size and cell wall features are important characteristics for species identification.
Lepista sordida is a species of mushroom found across the Northern Hemisphere.
Species in the family have a widespread distribution, ranging from the Arctic,, to the tropics, e.g.
Anaptychia is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Physciaceae.
These benefit from the symbiosis as the fungus reduces their intake of heavy metals and increases resistance to pathogens such as Fusarium oxysporum.
Chrysophthalmus in turn is formed from chryso and phthalmus meaning "gold eyed" referring to the orange or red apothecia.
Paecilomyces variotii is fast growing, producing powdery to suede-like in colonies that are yellow-brown or sand-colored.
Mycena fuscoaurantiaca is a species of mushroom in the Mycenaceae family.
R. herrerae is classified in the section Plorantes, subsection Lactarioideae.
Geopyxis vulcanalis, commonly known as the vulcan pixie cup, is a species of cup fungus in the family Pyronemataceae.
Podosphaera macularis is a plant pathogen infecting several hosts including chamomile, caneberrie, strawberries, hop, hemp and Cineraria.
Russula acetolens is a species of mushroom.
The type species, originally called Podophacidium terrestre Niessl, is currently known as Podophacidium xanthomelum.
Trichocladium is a genus of fungi within the Chaetomiaceae family.
Trichobolus is a genus of fungi in the Thelebolaceae family.
The Clavicipitaceae are a family of fungi within the order Hypocreales.
It can be found in Europe, Australia and Pacific islands.
The fruit body has a pale brown cap that is initially convex before flattening with maturity to almost flat or even depressed in the centre.
The family is monotypic and contains the single genus Anamylopsora, which has a widespread distribution.
Pholiotina is a genus of small agaric fungi.
The generic name derives from the Latin humidus "moist" and cutis "skin", referring to their moist caps.
Acaulospora tuberculata is a species of fungus in the family Acaulosporaceae.
It is a common, wood-rotting species throughout the northern hemisphere, typically growing on dead attached twigs and branches of willow, more rarely other broadleaf trees.
They cause a brown rot of wood.
Recent phylogenetic analyses include in Gomphales the families of the original description of the order by W. Jülich, with addition of Clavariadelphaceae.
It is found in Asia, Europe, and North America.
It was described as new to science in 2011.
It has been found in North America and Costa Rica.
A number of species in this genus are plant pathogens, causing a white rot.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the order is unknown, and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any family.
First described as Coprinus plagioporus by the mycologist Henri Romagnesi in 1941, it was transferred to the genus Coprinellus in 2001.
Phragmidium mucronatum is a plant pathogen that causes rose rust.
İt has been reported from grain, flour, hay, compost and a fur processing facility.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
The immune system is a major player in Candida parapsilosis infections.
The genus has a widespread distribution, especially in northern temperate regions, and contains about 50 species.
Hence, the organism is invisible from the surface.
It is a small genus, with only 8 currently accepted species.
Penicillium goetzii is a species of the genus of ascomycetous fungi.
The genus, circumscribed in 1996, contains three widespread species that are anamorphs of Athelia.
Turbinellus floccosus, sometimes known as the shaggy, scaly, or woolly chanterelle, is a cantharelloid mushroom of the family Gomphaceae native to Asia and North America.
A characteristic microscopic feature of the mushroom is the sharp, thin-walled cystidia found on the stipe, gills, and cap.
The fungus was originally described by American mycologist Charles Horton Peck in 1875 as Polyporus volvatus.
Conotremopsis is a genus of fungi within the Stictidaceae family.
Ascochyta pinodella causes Ascochyta foot rot, and Ascochyta pisi causes Ascochyta blight and pod spot.
Psilocybe mammillata is an extremely rare species of mushroom in the Strophariaceae family.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the Sordariomycetes class is unknown, and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any order.
The epithet, versiforma is in reference to the various shapes of a thallus branch.
This genus of anamorphic fungi has a widespread distribution and contains 18 species.
Cucullosporella is a genus of fungi in the family Halosphaeriaceae.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown, and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any order.
Boletus aereus, the dark cep or bronze bolete, is a highly prized and much sought-after edible mushroom in the family Boletaceae.
Tinctoporellus is a genus of fungi in the family Polyporaceae.
Schistophoron is a genus of fungi in the Ascomycota phylum.
The most characteristic emerge from an egg-like structure formed by the universal veil.
The type species, Fonsecaea pedrosoi, is associated with the disease chromoblastomycosis.
Described as new to science in 2005, it occurs in Guyana.
parasiticum is an ascomycete fungus that is a plant pathogen of chickpeas and lentils.
The species was first described in 1833 by Pierre Bulliard, a French physician and botanist, and Lucien Quélet, a French mycologist and naturalist.
Originally described in 1983 based on specimens collected from Victoria, Australia, it is also endemic to New Zealand.
Exophiala werneckii is the organism responsible for tinea nigra.
The gills are thick, initially pale orange before turning blackish, and extend a short way down the length of the stem.
Wynnella is a genus of ascomycete fungi of the family Helvellaceae.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
Phaeorrhiza is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Physciaceae.
It is monotypic, containing the single species Dictyocoprotus mexicanus.
Other species are used for colouring sauces, such as the red A. jacksonii with a range from eastern Canada to eastern Mexico.
A monotypic genus, Sphaerophoropsis contains the single species Sphaerophoropsis stereocauloides.
Cetrelia is a genus of lichenized fungi within the Parmeliaceae family.
Rubroboletus rhodosanguineus is a fungus of the genus Boletus native to North America.
Mushroom farmers had to weed it out from the edible mushrooms because of its hallucinogenic properties.
The genus, which contains anamorphic forms of Tremellaceae, has a widespread distribution, and contains 35 species.
Species in the genus are typically plant parasites and saprobes, and cause leaf spot diseases on various hosts.
Found in Sweden, it grows in a mycorrhizal association with oak trees.
There is currently some disagreement in the literature as to whether the European B. stevensii is the same species as B. phalloides.
Penicillium dipodomyis is a species of the genus of Penicillium which occurs in kangaroo rats and produces penicillin and the diketopiperazine dipodazine.
A common and widespread species with a cosmopolitan distribution, the fungus produces mushrooms on the dung of various wild and domesticated herbivores.
P. sinensis differs from P. gigantospora by having a somewhat smaller fruit body, and differs from P. monospora by having yellowish to yellow-brown ascomata.
It produces a medium-sized mushroom with a grayish-brown cap up to 5 cm wide, gray-violet gills and a whitish stem with pale yellow belts below.
On the microscopic level, the cells are ovoid in shape, and produce a capsule.
It was first described by Elias Magnus Fries in 1815; Fries gave it its current name in 1838.
Ascochyta tritici is a fungal plant pathogen that causes Ascochyta leaf spot on barley, wheat and maize.
Recognized by its bright orange or red pigmentation, this species grows on rocks, often near bird or rodent perches.
Aspen wood is white, malleable but strong, and heat tolerant and therefore has many commercial uses including matches, packing paper, lumber, plywood, pulp, and animal beds.
Gastrointestinal symptoms have also occurred after eating cooked specimens, though some people have eaten it without ill-effects.
Micularia is a genus of fungi in the family Elsinoaceae.
Cryptoleptosphaeria is monotypic, containing the single species Cryptoleptosphaeria moravica.
It was originally described under the name Pluteus michiganensis but molecular studies have placed it in the Volvopluteus, a genus described in 2011.
Tridens is a genus of fungi in the Rhytismatales order.
The creamy-brown fruit bodies measure 5–15 cm tall by 3–15 cm wide, and have a cauliflower head-like appearance.
It was circumscribed by Norwegian mycologist Leif Ryvarden in 1978 to contain the single crust fungus Amylohyphus africanus.
Coprinopsis mexicana is a species of fungus in the family Psathyrellaceae.
Marasmius midnapurensis is a species of agaric fungus in the family Marasmiaceae that was first described scientifically in 2014.
Gautieria inapire is a species of hypogeal fungus in the Gomphaceae family.
Described in 1979, the fruit bodies grow in sand dunes from New Brunswick south to Cape Cod.
Menegazzia kawesqarica is a species of lichen found in South America.
Lactarius pallidus is an edible mushroom of the genus Lactarius.
Penicillium viticola is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from grapes in Yamanashi Prefecture in Japan.
Leccinum alaskanum is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the Sordariomycetes class is unknown, and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any order.
According to the Dictionary of the Fungi, the genus contains eight widely distributed species.
Monographella is a genus of fungi in the family Amphisphaeriaceae.
Sarcodon subfelleus is a species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae.
The Fomitopsidaceae are a family of fungi in the order Polyporales.
Acaulospora foveata is a species of fungus in the family Acaulosporaceae.
Pyrgillus is a genus of fungi in the family Pyrenulaceae.
It was described in 1991 from collections made in Sardinia.
Rhodopeziza is a genus of fungi within the Pezizaceae family.
Gymnopilus alienus is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
Scepastocarpus is a genus of fungi in the family Laboulbeniaceae.
Nectria radicicola is a plant pathogen that is the causal agent of root rot.
Rhynchosporium is a genus of fungi that causes leaf scald disease on several graminaceous hosts.
The synonym Ptychoverpa bohemica is often used by European mycologists.
The genus has a widespread distribution in north temperate areas, and contains eight species.
When dry, the edges curl up and reveal the dark underside, while the surface becomes crusty and pink.
In the field, it is recognizable by the large, multi-capped fruiting body, as well as its pore surface that quickly darkens black when bruised or injured.
The lower surface of the thallus is white.
It is found in North America and Mexico, including areas of the Mojave Desert and Sonoran Desert region, to Baja California Sur.
Known as the umbrella false morel, P. californica is a well-known species of western North America.
Paxillus obscurisporus is a basidiomycete fungus found in Europe.
Many of the species in this genus are plant pathogens.
Rigidoporus lineatus is a plant pathogen infecting plane trees.
Mycosphaerella areola is a plant pathogen infecting cotton.
Glomus is a genus of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi, and all species form symbiotic relationships with plant roots.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Racovitziella endostromatica.
Clauzadella is a genus of fungi in the family Verrucariaceae.
Pleotrichiella is a genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.
The stem is up to 1.1 cm long and 2 mm thick, and black.
In 2006, it was reported from China.
Collectively, the family has a highly variable ecology, some species lichenized with green algae, and others lichenicolous—growing on other lichens.
The cap is olive to brown, with the surface splitting into olive- to clay-coloured scales as it ages, with white flesh between.
It has been instrumental to winemaking, baking, and brewing since ancient times.
It has narrow to linear lobes radiating from its center, being paler in color at the outer edge.
Podostroma cornu-damae is a species of fungus in the family Hypocreaceae.
Shown to have the enzymes laccase and manganese peroxidase, the fungus is able to decolorize the recalcitrant polymeric dye R-478.
Psiloparmelia is a genus of lichen belonging to the family Parmeliaceae.
Mycena vitilis, commonly known as the snapping bonnet, is a species of inedible mushroom in the Mycenaceae family.
Aleurocystidiellum is a fungal genus of uncertain familial placement in the order Russulales.
The species name occidentalis is derived from the Latin occidens "west".
They have a drab appearance, pink gills which are attached to the stem, a smooth thick cap, and angular spores.
The ascospores are brown and ellipsoid to cylindrical in shape.
Placynthiella is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Agyriaceae.
It is a dematiaceous mold normally found in soil, air, cellulose and plant debris.
It inhabits moss on calcareous soils in temperate regions of Europe.
Penicillium dravuni is a monoverticillate and sclerotium forming species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from the alga Dictyosphaeria versluyii in Dravuni on Fiji.
when the cell buds, it creates birth scars, and the neck of the new yeast fits inside of the bud scar neck.
Fourteen gene sequences of Alternaria dianthi have been published as of April 11, 2014
Ticomyces is a genus of fungi within the Meliolaceae family.
Boletes are easily distinguished from agarics, and easily recognized for colour, pores and thick stems and caps.
In most areas of North America, Armillaria ostoyae can be separated from other species by its physical features.
Megaspora is a genus of lichens in the family Megasporaceae.
Coniferous hosts are affected in late spring through early August, and trembling aspens and poplars from early summer to late fall.
The species was described by Japanese mycologist Tsuguo Hongo in 1965.
Phomopsis theae is a plant pathogen infecting tea.
It appears black from a distance, but brown up close.
The spores are oblong to almost square, measuring 3.5–4.5 by 3.4 µm.
Desmazierella is a genus of fungi in the family Sarcoscyphaceae.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Coryneliella consimilis.
Candida parapsilosis is also a normal human commensal and it is one of the fungi most frequently isolated from the human hands.
The gills have an adnate to somewhat decurrent attachment to the stipe.
According to a 2008 estimate, the family contains 26 genera and over 1500 species.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
Tricholoma orirubens, commonly known as blushing tricholoma, is an edible gilled mushroom native to Europe.
Geastrum lloydianum is a species of fungus belonging to the genus Geastrum, or earthstar fungi.
Very occasionally, the cells have been observed to produce three celled pseudomycelia.
Tylopilus tabacinus is a species of bolete fungus in the Boletaceae family.
The type is from the same locality but collected one year later, 19 May 1986.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Dictyoasterina conopharyngiae.
Pocillum is a genus of fungi in the family Helotiaceae.
Cystotheca is a genus of fungi in the family Erysiphaceae.
Microconidia are variable in shape, obovoid conidia are the most abundant type, oval to allantoid conidia occurring occasionally.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
Lactarius fulvissimus is a species of fungus in the Russulaceae family.
Corticium invisum is fungus that is a plant pathogen.
The cap shape is either conical, bell-shaped, or flat depending on the age of the mushroom, and it features a prominent umbo.
Circumscribed in 2013, it contains two species of smut fungi found in Australia.
Penicillium kojigenum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium.
Calicium is a genus of leprose lichen lichens.
Dirinastrum is a lichenized genus of fungi in the family Roccellaceae.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Caccobius minusculus.
The prothallus is usually absent when growing on rock.
Uncinocarpus is a genus of fungi within the Onygenaceae family.
Bankera is a genus of four species of tooth fungi in the family Bankeraceae.
First described in 1796 as a species of Geoglossum, the fungus has gone through several changes of genera in its taxonomic history.
The small brownish fruitbodies have narrowly attached, broad and distant lamellae and poorly differentiated cheilocystidia and pleurocystidia.
Phallus indusiatus has a recorded history of use in Chinese medicine extending back to the 7th century AD, and features in Nigerian folklore.
Found in Africa, it was originally named as a species of Psalliota by mycologist Roger Heim in 1968.
It belongs to the Ascomycota division and Pezizomycotina subdivision, and to the Lecanorales order.
Gymnopilus capitatus is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
Pseudohelotium is a genus of fungi in the family Helotiaceae.
Gymnopilus fulvellus is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
The group is sometimes referred to as the tree flutes, honeycombed lichens, or hole-punch lichens.
The genus was described in 1972 by American mycologist Ronald H. Petersen, who set M. fistulosa as the type species.
The genus has not been placed into a family.
There are two species in the genus, which have a widespread distribution in northern temperate regions.
Gomphus is a genus of cantharelloid fungi in the family Gomphaceae.
Lichen spot tests on the surface are K+ purple, C-, KC-, and P-.
Phylogenetic analysis suggests that Lactifluus volemus represents several species or subspecies, rather than a single taxon.
Barley stripe is disease of barley that once caused significant crop yield losses in many areas of the world.
Exophiala is a genus of anamorphic fungi in the family Herpotrichiellaceae.
Glionectria is a genus of ascomycete fungi in the family Nectriaceae.
Patellariopsis is a genus of fungi in the family Dermateaceae.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
A similar, but phylogenetically distinct species found in eastern North America is Omphalotus illudens.
It produces moderately sized and brittle mushrooms, which grow on the forest floor or on rotting wood.
A few members of the genus are considered edible; many others are poisonous, containing the toxin muscarine among others.
In California, it may be the most common member of the Lecanora genus found growing on rocks.
Hebeloma hetieri is a species of mushroom in the Hymenogastraceae family.
Penicillium sinaicum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from marine sludge near Port Said City in Sinai Peninsula in Egypt.
This species is commonly found in various types of soils over a range of pH, although alkaline soils seem more conducive to its growth.
Tettigomyces is a genus of fungi in the family Ceratomycetaceae.
Scopulariopsis is a genus of anamorphic fungi that are saprobic and pathogenic to animals.
Cephalosporium gramineum or Hymenula cerealis is a plant pathogen that causes Cephalosporium Stripe of Wheat and other grasses.
Originally described from North Carolina, it is found in the eastern United States from New England to eastern Texas.
• Small black dots appear in rows along necrotic stem, branch, and petiole tissue,
Sphaceloma randii is a fungus which is a plant pathogen infecting pecan.
Hebeloma ingratum is a species of mushroom in the Hymenogastraceae family.
It is a monotypic genus, containing the single secotioid species Gymnogaster boletoides, found in Australia.
Allopsalliota was circumscribed in 1998 to contain what was then known as Agaricus geesterani, a species first described in 1986 by Cornelis Bas and Paul Heinemann.
It fruits singly or in groups along roads and in open woods at high elevations, from summer to autumn.
It is a form of powdery mildew that affects sugar beet.
Cystodermella is a genus of fungi in the family Agaricaceae.
Deconica aequatoriae is a species of mushroom in the family Strophariaceae found in Ecuador.
43, which infects Coleoptera and other insect orders has now been assigned to Metarhizium brunneum.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Bogoriella subpersicina.
Anthostoma is a genus of fungi in the family Diatrypaceae.
Taisiya Lvovna Nikolayeva transferred it to the genus Sarcodon in 1961.
The fungus has been affiliated with the family Ajellomycetaceae although a sexual state or teleomorph has not yet been found.
The species is found in the west coast of North America, Hawaii, and Japan, where it grows on decaying hardwoods, particularly species of alder.
Agaricus freirei closely resembles A. hondensis, and, based on similarities in DNA sequences, is a close relative.
The genus, widespread in north temperate and tropical areas, contains five species.
M. rimosa was described as new to science from Brazil in 2013.
Diorygma microsporum is a species of lichen in the family Graphidaceae.
Magnisphaera is a genus of fungi in the family Halosphaeriaceae.
Its basidiospores are amyloid, smooth, ellipsoid, and have thin walls.
Lulesia is a genus of fungi in the Tricholomataceae family.
Tylopilus potamogeton is a bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.
Penicillium kenraperi is a species of the genus of Penicillium.
Otidea alutacea is a species of apothecial fungus belonging to the family Pyronemataceae.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Crustospathula cartilaginea.
The Chionosphaeraceae are a family of fungi in the order Agaricostilbales, part of the Basidiomycota.
In modern taxonomy, the genus contains a single species, Histoplasma capsulatum, that has several infraspecific varieties.
The fruit bodies are typically found growing on the ground in woodland litter, or in grasslands.
Found in Costa Rica, the species was described as new to science in 1996.
Ramaria stricta, commonly known as the strict-branch coral is a coral fungus of the genus Ramaria.
Geastrum saccatum, commonly known as the rounded earthstar, is a species of mushroom belonging to the Geastrum genus.
The genus was circumscribed by Marcen Piątek in 2004 for five species formerly placed in Phlebia.
Stromaster is a genus of fungi in the family Phyllachoraceae.
The genus contains three species of anamorphic fungi that have Coprinopsis or Coprinellus teleomorphs.
Aside from being located in soil, A. terreus has also been found in habitats such as decomposing vegetation and dust.
It was described as new to science in 1932 by botanist Adolf Hugo Magnusson.
This fungus attacks the leaves of the Acer platanoides in North America, and in Great Britain and/or Ireland, Acer palmatum.
The Chorioactidaceae are a family of cup fungi in the order Pezizales containing seven species distributed among five genera.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
Entoloma moseri is a species of fungus in the family Entolomataceae.
It is endemic to California, where it only grows in the lower montane belt, including in deserts and chaparral.
Lueckingia is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Ramalinaceae.
Matsutake is the common name for a highly sought-after mycorrhizal mushroom that grows in Asia, Europe, and North America.
Ochrolechia is a genus of lichen belonging to the suborder Lecanorineae.
Chaetomium thermophilum is a thermophilic filamentous fungus.
Smithiogaster was circumscribed by J.E.Wright in 1975.
The specific epithet yorkensis refers to the type locality, Yorke Peninsula.
Outdoors it is common in soil and plant debris.
Its conidia have a basal appendage and measure 19–26 by 1.5 μm—shorter and narrower than the similar species P. minor, P. sinense, or P. magnoliae.
The reindeer moss and cup lichens belong to this family.
These include the asci which, superficially, have a thicker outer layer through which a thinner inner layer ‘bursts’, like a jack-in-a-box to release the spores.
Trichomonascaceae is a family of fungi in the order Saccharomycetales.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Bryothele mira.
First described as Agaricus ephemerus by French mycologist Jean Baptiste François Pierre Bulliard in 1786, it was later transferred to the genus Coprinellus in 2001.
Psora is a genus of fungi within the Psoraceae family.
It is widespread in north temperate regions and is parasitic on another species of fungus, that grows on dead attached and recently fallen branches of conifers.
Melzericium is a genus of corticioid fungi in the family Atheliaceae.
The range of methylotrophic yeasts includes Candida boidinii, Pichia methanolica, Pichia pastoris and Ogataea polymorpha.
The cap, which can measure up to 70 millimetres across, is covered in orange fibrils, and sometimes has small scales.
Deflexula is a genus of tooth fungi in the family Pterulaceae.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Clypeophysalospora latitans.
Recent research has demonstrated a way to discriminate the two species using DNA sequencing of the ITS regions.
The fruiting bodies are found in mixed coastal forests in the fall.
The stipe, or stem, measures up to 8 cm tall and 2 cm thick.
Menegazzia aucklandica is a species of lichen from New Zealand.
Found in the woodlands of Europe and eastern North America, it typically grows in sandy soil near conifer trees, especially spruce.
The genus was described by Polish botanist Marjan Raciborski in 1914.
It is widely distributed in many provinces of Southern China and also in Japan.
Perenniporia fraxinophila is a species of fungus in family Polyporaceae.
Clathrus oahuensis is a species of fungus in the stinkhorn family.
It is monotypic, containing the single species Leptoporus mollis, widespread throughout north temperate areas.
As the spores mature, the gleba turns first yellowish then purplish brown.
Tulostoma is a genus of fungi in the family Agaricaceae.
One recently described species, Resinomycena fulgens from Japan that is a synonym of Resinomycena japonica, has luminescent fruitbodies.
Derek Reid transferred the species to Amanita in 1966, and then in 2016 the separate genus Saproamanita was created by Redhead et al.
it has a red-brown cap and stipe, and yellow-tan decurrent gills.
Nannizzia incurvata is a species of fungus.
Acarospora flavisparsa is a species of lichen in the family Acarosporaceae.
C.sativus is extremely rare in nature and thus it is the asexual or anamorphic stage which causes infections.
It contains the single species Palaeoagaracites antiquus.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Spumatoria longicollis.
Jacobsonia is a genus of fungi in the family Helotiaceae.
Found in Venezuela, it was described as new to science in 1983 by mycologist Rolf Singer.
Sclerodermatineae is a suborder of the fungal order Boletales.
A monotypic genus, Bactrosphaeria contains the single species Bactrosphaeria asterostoma.
It is closely related to Psilocybe semilanceata and Psilocybe pelliculosa.
Fusicoccum amygdali is a plant pathogen, which often releases a toxin known as fusicoccin that causes the stomata of the plant to open.
Macrospora is a genus of fungi in the family Pleosporaceae.
Claurouxia is a genus of fungi in the Lecanoraceae family.
Etymology: probably from Greek φαιος -dusky- & Latin ramus, ramulus &c. -branch.
Gymnopilus arenicola is a species of mushroom in the family Cortinariaceae.
Rhytisma is a genus of fungi in the Rhytismataceae family commonly known as 'tar spot'.
Wolfiporia is a genus of fungi in the family Polyporaceae.
Leucosporidiella is a genus of fungi found in the family Leucosporidiaceae.
Sarcodon praestans is a species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae.
Biscogniauxia marginata is a species of fungus in the Xylariaceae family.
Synonyms include Cladina rangiferina and Lichen rangiferinus.
Ascochyta is a genus of ascomycete fungi, containing several species that are pathogenic to plants, particularly cereal crops.
The family was described by Gary Samuels and Katia Rodrigues in 1989 to contain the genus Batistia and its sole species Batistia annulipes.
Albomagister is a genus of fungi in the family Tricholomataceae.
His proposal was approved at the society's annual meeting in 2006.
Tylopilus peralbidus is a bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae native to the eastern United States.
Myriophacidium is a genus of fungi within the Rhytismataceae family.
It can causes verticillium wilt in some plant species.
Physalosporopsis is a genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.
Neotyphodium chilense from Chile should be treated as Acremonium chilense since the previous transfer to Neotyphodium is untested.
Between 1997 and 2005 the majority of reports were on Corsican pine in East Anglia, although it had been found in other parts of Britain.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
The Melaspileaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Arthoniales.
Known to be found on plants of arid environments, it is an endophyte with thermophilic properties, and possesses dense, pigmented mycelium.
Gastrosuillus, once considered a distinct genus, has been shown with molecular analysis to be a recent evolutionary derivative of Suillus.
Nigrosabulum is a genus of fungi in the Hypocreales order.
Annulohypoxylon archeri is its preferred host, so cultivators usually pair cultures of Tremella fuciformis with this species, or others in the former Hypoxylon genus.
Protomerulius is a genus of fungi in the order Auriculariales.
Currently more than 3 000 species and close to 10 000 names are associated with Mycosphaerella s.
Mature fruit bodies are up to 25 cm tall with a conical to bell-shaped cap that is 1.5–4 cm wide.
The fungus has a cosmopolitan distribution, and grows solitarily or in scattered groups on sandy soil under or near birch.
Griggsia is a genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Chaetopreussia chadefaudii.
Crustospathula is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Ramalinaceae.
Cercospora rosicola is a fungal plant pathogen.
Penicillium gorlenkoanum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which produces citrinin, costaclavine and epicostaclavine.
Pseudopannaria is a genus of lichenized fungi within the Lecideaceae family.
The genus is in the Caliciaceae family.
The genus was circumscribed by Walter Gams and Michael McGinnis in 1983.
Taxonomic studies in 2006 limited the genus to four species, but a fifth, Cryphonectria naterciae, was described in 2011 from Portugal.
Amanita ochrophylloides is a large mushroom of the genus Amanita native to southeastern Australia.
Rhizopus circinans is a plant pathogen infecting almond, apricot and peach.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Cyrtidium naevium.
Afrocantharellus splendens is a species of fungus in the family Cantharellaceae.
All are wood-rotting fungi, producing small, gasteroid basidiocarps on driftwood, submerged timber, mangrove wood, and similar substrates.
H. eminii was transferred to the genus by Leif Ryvarden in 1980.
Areoles are 1.4 to 2 millimetres in diameter and round to angular.
It results in both the Cercospora leaf blight and purple seed stain diseases on soybean and is found almost worldwide.
Amanita ochrophylloides was first described by Derek Reid, head mycologist of Kew Gardens in 1978.
Agaricus bernardii, commonly called the salt-loving mushroom, is an agaric fungus in the family Agaricaceae.
The genus Cladosporium is closely related to black yeasts in the order Dothideales.
All kinds of mutants are easily induced and readily obtainable with particular ascospore color mutants.
Found in Africa, it was described as new to science in 1928 by Belgian mycologist Maurice Beeli as Lentinus luteopunctatus.
Trichocoma is a genus of fungi in the family Trichocomaceae.
Phyllosticta carpogena is a plant pathogen infecting caneberries.
Found in Sabah, Malaysia, it was described as new to science in 1994 by English mycologist E.J.H.
Taxa are terrestrial, and ectomycorrhizal with species such as Pinaceae or Fagaceae.
Hyphodontiella was circumscribed by Swedish mycologist Åke Strid in 1975.
Myxarium nucleatum is a jelly fungus in the family Hyaloriaceae.
It is found in temperate areas throughout the world.
The widely distributed genus contains six species.
Each areole commonly has 1-7 roundish to angular apothecia that are .1 - 1.3 mm in diameter.
It was described as new to science by the Finnish naturalist Edvard August Vainio in 1921.
Fruitbodies are similar in morphology to the North American species Russula mariae.
Pedumispora is a genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the order is unknown, and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any family.
Syrropeltis is a genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.
Psilocybe acutipilea is a species of mushroom in the family Hymenogastraceae.
It is generally saprophytic, but occasionally also attacks living wood.
The Microascales are an order of fungi in the class Sordariomycetes, subclass Hypocreomycetidae.
It was recently recognized as a distinct species from Phellinus weirii.
Their main distinguishing feature is the small, rigid projections that give a rough texture to their stalks.
On the underside it produces raised orange aecia commonly covered in spores.
Carinispora is a genus of fungi in the family Phaeosphaeriaceae.
The fruit bodies appear from midsummer to late autumn under conifers in North American and Eurasian mountain forests.
Penicillium commune is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which occurs in dry-cured meat products and cheese.
Also, the placement of this genus within the Dothideomycetes is uncertain.
Cortinarius camphoratus, commonly known as the goatcheese webcap, is an agaric fungus in the family Cortinariaceae.
Most of the species of this genus grow on calcareous and acidic rocks and most of the taxa prefer temperate and arctic habitats.
Microscopically, they are characterized by having spores and basidia that are dextrinoid—staining deep reddish to reddish-brown with Melzer's reagent when tested for amyloidity.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Delpinoella insignis.
Gaillardiella is a genus of fungi within the Bertiaceae family.
A mycorrhizal fungus, it grows in a symbiotic association with Douglas fir.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Roccellodea nigerrima.
M. septimelata cannot be reliably distinguished from M. sextelata without the use of DNA analysis.
Chaetocalathus is a genus of fungus in the Marasmiaceae family of mushrooms.
The species was described as new to science in 1982 by mycologists Harry Delbert Thiers and Joseph Ammirati.
Sarcodon atroviridis is a species of fungus in the family Bankeraceae found in North America and Asia.
In humans and animals the consumption of this fungus produces chronic neurotoxic, immunosuppressive, genotoxic, carcinogenic and teratogenic effects.
They are characterized by their reddish color, the scalloped cap edges, and the dark red latex they "bleed" when cut or broken.
Their velvety surfaces, initially white to pink, sometimes exude drops of red liquid.
Leccinum arctostaphyli is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.
Penicillium corylophilum produces the alkaloid epoxyagroclavine and citrinin and is a pathogen to mosquitoes.
Chapsa is a genus of lichens in the family Graphidaceae.
The widespread genus is estimated to contain about 600 species.
Fruit bodies of Sarcodon leucopus contain novel compounds called sarcoviolins that have been shown to have antioxidative and α-glucosidase inhibitory activity.
Ophiostoma is a genus of fungi within the family Ophiostomataceae.
Megasporoporia is a genus of four species of crust fungi in the family Polyporaceae.
If cut, the mushroom tissue will "bleed" a deep reddish to orangish latex.
Laternea pusilla is a species of fungi in the Phallaceae family.
Penicillium menonorum is a monoverticillate, non-vesiculate species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from rhizosphere soil in Korea.
Raspberry Spur Blight can cause a significant reduction in yield, fruit blight, premature leaf drop, and weak bud and cane growth.
Clavulina decipiens is a species of fungus in the family Clavulinaceae.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Asperopilum juncicola.
Leccinum is a genus of fungi in the family Boletaceae.
It has a wide host and geographic range throughout North America and causes considerable economic damage in pine plantations in the United States.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
The tubular stems are up to 8 cm long and 2.5 mm thick, and have long, coarse white hairs at their bases.
The slender stems are up to 8 cm long, and pale gray at the top, becoming almost black at the hairy base.
Clavulina puiggarii is a species of coral fungus in the family Clavulinaceae.
Mycoclelandia is a genus of fungi within the Pezizaceae family.
It is classified in the section Phalloideae of the genus Amanita together with other amatoxin-containing species.
Gymnographa is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Graphidaceae.
The fruit body of the fungus has a smooth, violet-brown cap up to 2.5 cm in diameter, and a slender stem up to 10 cm long.
Its range extends from New Mexico to British Columbia and the Great Lakes region, where it grows in coniferous forests.
Englerodothis is a genus of fungi in the family Parmulariaceae.
Phyllosticta hawaiiensis is a plant pathogen infecting sugarcane.
This is a frequently observed European species with scattered records from many other parts of the world.
Scoriadopsis is a genus of fungi within the Capnodiaceae family.
Although the basidiospore is normally one-septate, as many as three septa have been seen in germinated spores.
It is at risk of extirpation in Canada.
Amanita fuliginea, commonly known as the east Asian brown death cap, is a species of deadly poisonous mushroom in the family Amanitaceae.
The Microthyriales are an order of sac fungi.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Buxetroldia bisaccata, described as new to science in 1997.
It was given its current name by American mycologist Murrill in 1917.
First described in 1817, the genus consists of crustose lichens with green algal photobionts, biatorine apothecia, colorless, simple to 3-septate ascospores, and bacilliform pycnospores.
It is known from Mexico and Costa Rica.
Protostropharia alcis is a species of coprophilous agaric fungus in the family Strophariaceae.
Trichoderma paucisporum is a species of endophytic fungus in the family Hypocreaceae.
The epithet, rigida, is in regard to its stiff thallus branches.
P. longicolla has also been found to produce a number of cytotoxic and antimicrobial secondary metabolites, such as dicerandrols and phomoxanthones.
They then observed failures in metabolic pathways caused by errors in specific enzymes.
It was described as new to science in 2003.
Amphinectria is a genus in the Tubeufiaceae family of fungi.
Hygrophorus eburneus is the type species of the genus Hygrophorus.
Hymenagaricus is a genus of fungi in the family Agaricaceae.
There are 0-16 apothecia per squamule, that may are pointlike with a reddish-brown round concave 0.1–0.3 mm disc that is deeply immersed in the thallus tissue.
With the advent of genetic profiling, it has now become possible to place these fungi in proper taxa.
It forms arbuscular mycorrhiza and vesicles in roots.
It contains only one species, Phoebus hydrophobius, found in the Ozarks of the central United States, and described as new to science in 2007.
Ramularia spinaciae is a fungal plant pathogen infecting spinach.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown, and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any order.
Celtidia is a genus of fungi in the family Zopfiaceae.
Found in New Zealand, it was described by Egon Horak in 1973.
The genus and species were described by British mycologist E.J.H.
Synonyms include Antrodia camphorata and Ganoderma camphoratum.
Tricholosporum subgoniospermum is a species of fungus in the Tricholomataceae family.
Some modern taxonomic authorities do not recognize Leptonia as a genus in its own right, but only as a subgenus of Entoloma.
It is a large genus with roughly 450 known species, mainly distributed in the Northern hemisphere.
The fruit bodies are dark purple mushrooms with caps up to 15 cm across, sporting gills underneath.
The Vialaeaceae are a family of fungi in the Ascomycota, class Sordariomycetes.
It is the only species in the genus Cruciger in the class Agaricomycetes.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
The cap surface is sticky when moist, and characterized by white warts, which are easily detached.
The fruit body has a sac-like volva and lacks a ring on the stipe.
Hypomyces is a genus of parasitic Ascomycete fungi found in Europe, North America, Australia, and parts of China.
The greyish-brown to dark brown spines on the cap underside measure 2–5 mm long.
The stalk bears a grayish cottony ring, and is typically covered with soft hairs or scales.
Stropharia aeruginosa, commonly known as the verdigris agaric, is a medium-sized green, slimy woodland mushroom, found on lawns, mulch and woodland from spring to autumn.
A 2013 molecular phylogenetics study by Tóth et al.
The genus is widely distributed in tropical and subtropical regions, and contains about 15 species.
It grows on ground usually in late summer.
Arecomyces is a genus of fungi in the family Hyponectriaceae; according to the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota, the placement in this family is uncertain.
It forms arbuscular mycorrhiza and vesicles in roots.
Acremonium strictum is an environmentally widespread saprotroph species found in soil, plant debris, and rotting mushrooms.
Colus pusillus is a species of fungus in the family Phallaceae.
Involucropyrenium is a genus of fungi in the family Verrucariaceae.
The mushroom also contains various bioactive compounds, and has antioxidant and antimicrobial properties.
Berggrenia is a genus of fungi in the Ascomycota phylum.
Colletotrichum axonopodi is a falcate-spored graminicolous plant pathogenic fungi species, first isolated from warm-season grasses.
Known primarily from Australia, it has also been recorded from Brazil and India.
The species is present in soil as well as in and on living and decomposing plant material such as peat moss.
Hikers are often warned to avoid eating it when spotted.
Collema nigrescens is a leafy jelly lichen found growing on the bark of trees such as bigleaf maples, in wetter coastal parts of California.
Calenia is a genus of fungi within the Gomphillaceae family.
Pseudoauricularia is a genus of fungi in the family Agaricaceae.
Omphalia tralucida is a species of fungus in the family Tricholomataceae.
First described as Agaricus coprophilus by Jean Baptiste François Pierre Bulliard in 1793, it was transferred to the genus Psilocybe by Paul Kummer in 1871.
Cortinarius violaceorubens is a basidiomycete fungus of the genus Cortinarius native Finland and Sweden in Scandinavia, south to France and Germany.
It is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Salmacisia buchloëana, first described as Tilletia buchloëana in 1889, and renamed in 2008.
Tuckermanella is a genus of lichenized fungi within the Parmeliaceae family.
Crinipellis is a genus of fungus in the family Marasmiaceae.
Tricholoma griseipileatum is an agaric fungus of the genus Tricholoma.
The Gomphales are an order of basidiomycete fungi.
Leccinum angustisporum is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.
It is an extremophile found in cold-seep sites.
Gymnopilus depressus is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
It includes several important plant pathogens causing forms of fungal rust.
Coprinellus pellucidus is a species of mushroom in the Psathyrellaceae family.
Metadothella is a genus of fungi in the Hypocreales order.
Southern corn leaf blight is a fungal disease of maize caused by the plant pathogen Bipolaris maydis.
It was described by British botanist E.J.H.
Saproamanita thiersii or Amanita thiersii, commonly called Thiers' lepidella, is a North-American saprotrophic basidiomycete fungus in the genus Saproamanita.
The Acarosporomycetidae are a subclass of fungi in the class Lecanoromycetes.
It was described as new to science in 1991.
In California, it is one of the most common saxicolous lichens.
There are four recognized species in the genus, which have a widespread distribution, especially in northern temperate regions.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Discohainesia oenotherae which is a plant pathogen infecting caneberrie, strawberries and geraniums.
This mushroom is known for its strong and persistent odor.
The family contains 11 genera and 158 species.
C. aquaticus reproduces through bipolar mypodial budding.
This saprophagic small gill fungus grows prolifically in large clumps on stumps, dead roots or rotting trunks of broadleaved trees.
The genus was circumscribed by Rolf Singer in 1958.
Rhodocyphella is not to be confused with Rhodocybella, which is also a small genus of cyphelloid fungi growing on bark, but which belongs to family Entolomataceae.
Fruit bodies are produced on dead wood, or sometimes on dead branches of living trees.
Kentingia is a genus of fungi in the family Parmulariaceae.
It has been found growing in leaf litter under Eucalyptus trees in Victoria, Australia.
Found in the eastern United States, Costa Rica, China, and Taiwan, it grows in a mycorrhizal association with oak trees.
Often called "splash cups", the fruiting bodies are adapted for spore dispersal by using the kinetic energy of falling drops of rain.
Leccinum versipelle, also known as Boletus testaceoscaber or the orange birch bolete, is a common edible mushroom in the genus Leccinum.
All known members also possess basidia with two sterigmata, although this is also a feature of fungi in many other orders.
solstitialis is a species of fungus in the Pucciniaceae family.
The disease spread sporadically until 1966, after which there were no new reports up until the end of the 1990s.
Flagelloscypha is a genus of cyphelloid fungi in the family Niaceae.
Several European studies have demonstrated that the mushroom can bioaccumulate some trace metals from the soil, such as mercury, cobalt, and nickel.
Gymnopilus underwoodii is a species of agaric fungus in the family Strophariaceae.
A saprobic species, the fungus produces brownish, cup-shaped fruit bodies that grow singly or in clusters on either soil or well-rotted wood.
Termitomyces reticulatus is a species of agaric fungus in the family Lyophyllaceae.
The flesh of their fruit bodies varies from soft to very tough.
The species was first described scientifically in 1898 by Italian mycologist Giacomo Bresadola.
Fruit bodies of the fungus grow singly or in groups.
It was described as new to science in 1999 by mycologist Terry Henkel.
Gymnopilus suberis is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
Thelomma is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Caliciaceae.
Cyanoboletus pulverulentus, commonly known as the ink stain bolete, is an edible bolete mushroom.
It was described as new to science in 1948 by Wei-Fan Chiu as a species of Boletus; F.L.
Many of the species in this genus are plant pathogens.
Crivellia is a genus of fungi in the family Pleosporaceae.
Molecular analysis indicates that Fomitopsis belongs to the antrodia clade, which contains about 70 percent of brown-rot fungi.
Nosema locustae is a microsporidium fungi that is used to kill grasshoppers, caterpillars, some corn borers and crickets.
Verticillium psalliotae is a parasite of Rhopalomyces.
Found in the páramo region near Bogotá at over 3,000 metres elevation, it was described as new to science in 2011.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Patescospora separans.
Armillaria yungensis is a species of agaric fungus in the family Physalacriaceae.
Ascobolus carbonarius is a species of apothecial fungus belonging to the family Ascobolaceae.
Pleiostomellina is a genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.
Its fibrous, hollow stipe is white above and reddish brown below, and measures 4 to 7.5 cm long.
It appears occasionally in most kinds of woodland, during late summer, in northern temperate zones.
Synandromyces is a genus of fungi in the family Laboulbeniaceae.
It is a member of the genus Cantharellus along with other popular edible chanterelles.
Rhodotus is a genus in the fungus family Physalacriaceae.
Consumption is deadly for both humans and mice, as the mushroom contains three toxic amino acids.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Aurophora dochmia, which has a widespread distribution in pantropical areas.
Found in South Africa, it was described as new to science by mycologists Derek Reid and Albert Eicker in 1998.
It resembles the common Northern Hemisphere species Russula emetica.
Descomyces is a genus of fungus in the family Cortinariaceae.
The Russulaceae are a diverse family of fungi in the order Russulales, with roughly 1,900 known species and a worldwide distribution.
Malassezia pachydermatis is a zoophilic yeast in the division Basidiomycota.
A short, squat mushroom, the thick stem is usually less than the diameter of the cap, which ranges from 5–15 cm.
Described as new to science in 2004, it is found in Colombia, where it grows on bare clay soil in tropical forest.
The Diversisporales are an order of generally hypogeous arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi within the division Glomeromycota.
The mushroom is found growing singly or in groups on rotting conifer logs.
The species, described as new to science in 1976, produces fruit bodies that lack specialized structures such as a stem, cap and gills common in mushrooms.
Tyromyces galactinus is a species of poroid fungus in the family Polyporaceae.
It is widely distributed in northern temperate zones, where it grows in deciduous and coniferous forest.
Pseudocolus fusiformis is a stinkhorn mushroom in the Phallaceae, a family well known for a remarkable range of fruit body types.
Deconica thailandensis is a species of mushroom in the family Strophariaceae.
Lepiota castaneidisca is a species of agaric fungus in the family Agaricaceae.
The genus has a widespread distribution and contains seven species, including the most recently described M. cordispora from Spain.
The thick flesh is pale pink or orange to white.
• Continuous soybean planting and infected seed,
The type genus is Paxillus, containing fungi with decurrent gills, and Gyrodon, which has members with decurrent pores, among others.
Eupropolella is a genus of fungi in the Dermateaceae family.
The edibility of the mushroom is not known for certain, but Hebeloma contains poisonous species and it is not to be recommended for culinary use.
atrobrunnea has been found to be common in very common in high montane zones and alpine zones.
Phellorinia is a genus of fungi in the Phelloriniaceae family of the Agaricales order.
Podohydnangium is a fungal genus in the family Hydnangiaceae.
About ten poisonings have been attributed to the species now grouped as G. marginata over the last century.
Dendrochytridium is a fungal genus in the order Chytridiales.
The family contains 6 genera and 131 species.
Chroogomphus rutilus, commonly known as the brown slimecap or the copper spike, is a species of fungus in the Gomphidiaceae family.
Mycena purpureofusca, commonly known as the purple edge bonnet, is a species of agaric fungus in the family Mycenaceae.
Leotia lubrica, commonly referred to as a jelly baby, is a species of fungus in the family Leotiaceae.
Prillieuxina is a genus of fungi in the Asterinaceae family.
Ciliella is a genus of fungi in the Helotiales order.
Preussia is a genus of fungi in the family Sporormiaceae.
Phillipsia subpurpurea is a species of fungus in the family Sarcoscyphaceae.
Neoarachnotheca is a genus of fungi within the Onygenaceae family.
Found in Mexico, it was described as new to science in 1990.
Species in the genus have resupinate fruit bodies that grow on rotting wood.
The fruit body is a fair size, with a 5–12 cm diameter pink to golden convex cap with a downrolled margin that is lighter in colour.
Its teleomorph is Filobasidiella bacillispora, a filamentous fungus belonging to the class Tremellomycetes.
Biporispora is a fungal genus in the class Sordariomycetes.
Cyptotrama asprata, commonly known as the golden-scruffy collybia, is a saprobic species of mushroom in the family Physalacriaceae.
As opposed to C. bertholletiae, it is not a human pathogen, with the exception of two documented patients.
They are thought to form an evolutionary link between agarics and gasteroid fungi.
It has a red, convex to flat cap up to 8.5 cm in diameter, with a cuticle that can be peeled off almost to the centre.
Puccinia helianthi is a plant pathogen that causes rust on sunflower.
L. saponella can be distinguished by its soapy smell, dingy buff-coloured gills, and smaller scales on the cap surface.
Thecotheus is a genus of fungi in the Ascobolaceae family.
The fungus causes brown rot of pine wood, in which cellulose and hemicellulose are broken down, leading to brown discoloration and shrinkage of wood.
The edibility is unknown, but is possibly poisonous.
Morchella prava is a species of fungus in the Morchellaceae family described as new to science in 2012.
Gymnopilus crocias is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
Morchella deqinensis is a species of fungus in the familyMorchellaceae found in China.
Although once considered undesirable, the fungus is listed as edible.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Delpontia pulchella.
These include such as Boletus scaber, now Leccinum scabrum, Tylopilus felleus, Chalciporus piperatus and Suillus luteus.
Lyophyllum is a genus of about 40 species of fungi, widespread in north temperate regions.
Granulobasidium is a genus of fungi in the family Cyphellaceae.
No harmful effects to humans are expected as long as applicators protect their eyes and skin from contact with pesticide products that contain this active ingredient.
It is best known as a cause of anthracnose indicating ripeness on bananas.
It is a cyanolichen with the photobiont cyanobacterium being Syctonema.
Phaeotrichosphaeria is a genus of fungi in the Sordariomycetes class of the Ascomycota.
Penicillium contaminatum is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium.
It has a pale buff or white cap, yellow pores and a stout stipe, and stains blue when bruised or cut.
It lives on chalky soils with beech trees, and appears earlier than most mushrooms of similar size in southern England.
Phaeodothis is a genus of fungi in the family Didymosphaeriaceae.
A monotypic genus, it consists of the single species Allopsalliota geesterani, found in the Netherlands.
Xylopezia is a genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.
The large fruiting bodies appear in summer and autumn; the caps, stipes and gills are all white in colour.
The specific epithet flavipallens refers to its pale ochre cap colours.
Pear rust is a regulated disease in some countries.
Fomitiporia ivindoensis is a fungus in the family Hymenochaetaceae.
The Chaetosphaeriaceae are a family of fungi in the Ascomycota, class Sordariomycetes.
Psoromidium is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Pannariaceae.
The condition can also be chronic, and lymphocyte-mediated.
The genus was circumscribed by Abramo Bartolommeo Massalongo in 1853.
It has seldom been observed by the mycological community with all specimens having been collected in Mexico.
Phaeoisariopsis bataticola is a fungal plant pathogen infecting sweet potatoes.
V. michiganensis is a saprotrophic fungus that was originally described as growing on sawdust.
Psilocybe mairei is a species of mushroom in the family Hymenogastraceae.
They produce black, mesh-like, setose ascocarps with small, fusiform ascospores.
Over one hundred species have been described from mostly dicotyledenous hosts.
Described as new to science in 2014, it is found in New South Wales and Victoria, Australia.
Mucor racemosus is a fungal plant pathogen.
It is a plant pathogen that affects oak trees.
Mycena mustea is a species of mushroom in the Mycenaceae family.
It contains a number of species of economic importance, such as morels, the black and white truffles, and the desert truffles.
It produces yellow-pigmented hyphae and microsclerotia, while producing resting mycelium.
Hispidocalyptella is a genus of fungus in the Marasmiaceae family.
Valsa kunzei is a plant pathogen infecting Douglas-firs.
Named after Pakistani mycologist Sultan Ahmad, it is one of three Tylopilus species found in the country; the others are T. pseudoscaber and T. felleus.
On the underside of the cap are closely spaced gills, free from attachment to the stem, and initially white before turning pink as the spores mature.
Hygrophorus erubescens, commonly known as the blotched woodwax or pink waxcap, is an agaric fungus native to Scandinavia, Japan, Central Europe, Great Britain and North America.
The genus was circumscribed by Dutch mycologist Marinus Anton Donk in 1956.
The stipe is generally 8–15 cm high and 2–4 cm wide, though can be as tall as 40 cm.
The fruit bodies have several distinguishing characteristics that facilitate identification, including thick, white, mucilaginous stipes, and white to pale cream, convex caps that measure 1–2 cm.
The caps are supported by velvety stems up to 6 cm long and 1.5 cm thick.
Its gills often exhibit a weak green bioluminescence when fresh.
Metameris is a genus of fungi in the family Phaeosphaeriaceae.
Coprinopsis radiata is a coprophilous fungus that grows on herbivore dung.
The ascospores of this fungus are ellipsoid to broadly ellipsoid, hyaline, and measure 24–30 by 18–18 µm; these dimensions are relatively large for the genus Morchella.
The fruit bodies produced by the fungus are edible.
Control is very difficult, and requires extensive work to remove.
Well-known members of this genus include the edible Stropharia rugosoannulata and the blue-green verdigris agarics.
Amanita fulva, commonly called the tawny grisette, is a basidiomycete mushroom of the genus Amanita.
It is a plant pathogen and part of a cryptic species complex of closely related and morphologically similar species.
In HIV-1-infected patients the therapy with Sb resulted to be safe.
They are mostly isolated from soils in tropical countries, commonly in ponds, rice fields, and slow-moving rivers.
Straw mushrooms are grown on rice straw beds and picked immature, during the button or egg phase and before the veil ruptures.
It was initially thought to be the former, as are many Mucorales.
BFOD has been suggested as a method of biocontrol of the invasive cheatgrass, one of the most important invasive species in the USA.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Texosporium sancti-jacobi, found in the USA.
The Agyriaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Agyriales.
Found in Europe and North America, the mycelium of the fungus is bioluminescent.
In some older classification schemes, Limacella has alternatively been placed in family Pluteaceae.
The mushroom has a brownish-orange conical cap that has grooves extending to the center, and reaches up to 11 mm in diameter.
It is probably the most common species in the genus Helvella.
Also, the placement of this genus within the Dothideomycetes is uncertain.
yicibus and B. sanicibus—are eaten to a lesser degree in Yunnan Province.
They can be found growing in small groups along the side of tree roots.
The genus Kallistoskypha was added in 2013 to accommodate the species formerly known as Caloscypha incarnata.
Pachyella is a genus of fungi in the family Pezizaceae.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
Pseudolachnum is a genus of fungi in the Helotiales order.
Found in the Talamanca Mountains of Costa Rica, it was described as new to science in 2010 by mycologists Todd Osmundson and Roy Halling.
The fungus produces small- to medium-sized mushrooms, with reddish-orange caps up to 6.5 mm wide.
Hercospora is a genus of fungi within the Diaporthales order, class Sordariomycetes.
Lactarius torminosulus is a member of the large milk-cap genus Lactarius, in the order Russulales.
Frutidella is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Ramalinaceae.
Found in North America, it was described as new to science in 1975.
In carefully collected material we have seen the mature two-celled basidiospores attached to sterigmata.
Pleurocollybia is a genus of fungi in the Tricholomataceae family.
Lecania is widely distributed, especially in temperate regions, and contains about 64 species.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Lasseria chrysophthalma.
It is strongly associated with the Yunnan Pine Pinus yunnanensis.
Trichangium is a genus of fungi in the Helotiales order.
It contains the single family Thelebolaceae, circumscribed in 1968 by Finnish mycologist Finn-Egil Eckblad.
Species of Exsudoporus are united by the tendency of their pores to exude yellowish droplets, hence the generic epithet.
H. aureoflava was added to the genus by Singer in 1989.
Menegazzia sabahensis is a species of lichen found in Southeast Asia.
An Asian species, it was originally described in 2013 as a species of Boletus, but transferred to the newly created genus Butyriboletus the following year.
Clavomphalia is a genus of fungi in the Tricholomataceae family.
They are a few centimetres across and weigh from 30 to 300 grams.
The Lautosporaceae are a family of fungi in the Ascomycota phylum.
This fungal group is distinct from the structurally similar myxomycetes and oomycetes.
Historically, Chorioactis was placed in the fungus family Sarcosomataceae, despite inconsistencies in the microscopic structure of the ascus, the saclike structure in which spores are formed.
Scedosporium prolificans is an emerging opportunistic fungal pathogen that causes a wide variety of infections in immunocompetent and immunosuppressed people and animals.
It was first found in Crater Lake National Park, Oregon.
Helvella is a genus of ascomycete fungus of the family Helvellaceae.
This species was formerly thought to be Ophiocordyceps unilateralis, which has subsequently been divided into four species.
Meripilus is a fungal genus in the family Meripilaceae.
The spores are elliptical and measure 14–18 by 8–10 µm, while the asci are 175-–220 by 9–12 µm.
The pale, cup-shaped ascocarps can grow quite large in diameter) and often form densely packed groups.
The genus has a widespread distribution and contains 33 species.
Nonetheless, in some cultures, the larger local edible species of Amanita are mainstays of the markets in the local growing season.
Clavariadelphus is a genus of club fungi in the family Clavariadelphaceae.
Rhamphosphaeria is a genus of fungi within the class Sordariomycetes.
It can uptake both glucose and xylose simultaneously.
It used to be known as "Cephalosporium".
It is found in Burundi, where it grows in miombo woodland dominated by Brachystegia utilis.
The Endomycetaceae are a family of yeasts in the order Saccharomycetales.
It is found in Asia, Europe, and North America.
Later phylogenetic work showed that J. luteola and J. fraterna formed a clade that is sister to the order Diaporthales.
Epithele is a genus of crust fungi in the family Polyporaceae.
Geoglossum is a genus of fungi in the family Geoglossaceae.
Microsporum is a genus of fungi that causes tinea capitis, tinea corporis, ringworm, and other dermatophytoses.
The genome sequence was published in 2010.
It has a strong preference in associating with Populus species whereas X. chrysonemus associates with Quercus, X. subtomentosus with broadleaved hosts and X. ferrugineus with conifers.
Scutula is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Pilocarpaceae.
Gyroporus phaeocyanescens is a species of bolete fungus in the family Gyroporaceae.
This species has the ability to solubilise inorganic phosphates, this can promote plant growth Penicillium radicum produces rugulosin
Mycena zephirus is a species of agaric fungus in the family Mycenaceae.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Polysporidiella iranica.
C. weirii is also microcyclic, producing only two of the five possible spore stages common in rust fungi.
Venturia pyrina is a species of fungus in the Venturiaceae family.
The birch bolete is widespread in Europe, in the Himalayas in Asia, and elsewhere in the Northern Hemisphere, occurring only in mycorrhizal association with birch trees.
The life cycle of this genus allows it to reproduce both sexually, with meiosis, and asexually via spores.
T. exiguus fruits singly on root mats on trunks of Dicymbe corymbosa.
Spores are small and smooth, and non-reactive with Melzer's reagent.
Found in the Galápagos Islands, it was described as new to science in 2011.
Four varieties have been discovered: Exophiala jeanselmei var.
Camaroglobulus is a fungal genus in the family Mytilinidiaceae.
Psilocybe congolensis is a species of mushroom in the Hymenogastraceae family.
Circumscribed by James M. Trappe in 1979, the genus is named after New Zealand mycologist Joan Dingley.
Zizania latifolia is grown as an agricultural crop across Asia.
However, the Byssochlamys state is rarely observed in culture due to the heterothallic nature of this species.
The Thelephorales are an order of fungi in the class Agaricomycetes.
Zygozyma is a genus of fungi in the family Dipodascaceae.
Found in Madeira, Portugal, it was described as new to science in 2005.
Gymnopilus fulvosquamulosus is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
The mushroom is typically found growing in clusters at the base of trees and stumps.
Phleogena is a fungal genus in the Phleogenaceae family.
The species was named after Robert Drewes, Curator of Herpetology at the California Academy of Sciences.
Penicillium alexiae is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium.
It is known only from China and Japan, where it grows in tropical and subtropical forests with trees of the family Fagaceae.
Several other Coprinopsis species that resemble C. impatiens may be distinguished by differences in appearance, habit, or spore morphology.
The fungus also has a European history of being grown with corn.
However, it is not particularly similar to any of its closest relatives.
Found in Taiwan growing in association with Taiwania cryptomerioides, it was described as new to science in 1998.
An example with a vivid green colour is Dermocybe austroveneta.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Hydnocristella himantia, found in North America.
Fistulinella mollis, commonly known as the marshmallow bolete, is a bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae found in Australia.
The lesions are symptoms of Puccinia asparagi during early spring, mid-summer and later summer to fall, respectively.
Gamsylella is a genus comprising 4 species of fungi in the family Orbiliaceae.
Calostoma fuscum is a species of gasteroid fungus in the family Sclerodermataceae.
The Ochrolechiaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Pertusariales.
Balazucia is a genus of fungi in the family Laboulbeniaceae.
Species are usually found growing on herbaceous stems and other plant debris.
When the weather dampens, the "petals" moisten and uncurl and some even curl backward lifting the spore sac up.
The taxon is roughly identical to that defined for the Homobasidiomycetes by Hibbett & Thorn, with the inclusion of Auriculariales and Sebacinales.
Found in Australia, where it grows on limestone outcrops, it was described as new to science in 2011.
Originally described in 1885 as a species of Boletus, the fungus was transferred to Suillellus in 2014.
They were sent a specimen collected from Japan as part of the North Pacific Exploring and Surveying Expedition.
The fungus produces spore-bearing fruit bodies above ground in summer and autumn.
Otidea bufonia is a species of apothecial fungus belonging to the family Pyronemataceae.
Thus far, there have been no reported cases of illness from this variety in North America.
Ceratosebacina is a genus of fungi in the order Auriculariales.
The type species, A. apis, causes chalkbrood disease in honey bees.
poinsettiae is a plant pathogen infecting poinsettia.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Myriostoma coliforme.
It was moved into the genus Ganoderma by Giacomo Bresàdola in 1912.
It is found in Sabah, Malaysia, where it grows in humus of montane forests.
The bolete was reported from a Mexican beech forest in Hidalgo, Mexico in 2010.
Canteria is a fungal genus in the family Endochytriaceae.
Gymnopilus lutescens is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
It is readily identifiable by distinctive orange/red colonies when grown on SDA.
This family can not yet be taxonomically classified in any of the ascomycetous classes and orders with any degree of certainty.
The fungus grows in summer and autumn on the ground, often in Douglas fir forests or on their margins.
Originally described as Boletus gracilis by Charles Horton Peck in 1872, it was transferred to the genus Austroboletus by Carl B. Wolfe in 1979.
It was circumscribed by German mycologist Joseph Schröter in 1886.
Hamatocanthoscypha is a genus of fungi within the Hyaloscyphaceae family.
Leprieuria is a genus of fungi in the family Xylariaceae.
Blastocladiomycota is one of the currently recognized phyla within the kingdom Fungi.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Setocampanula taiwanensis.
Penicillium kongii is a terverticillate species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from plant leaves in China.
Phyllosticta solitaria is a plant pathogen infecting apples.
[1] Cystidia in the hymenium are characteristically mostly in fascicles.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Loculohypoxylon grandineum.
Psilocybe bispora is a species of psilocybin mushroom in the family Hymenogastraceae.
It was described as a new species in 2015 by Jochen Gartz and Georg Wiedemann.
It has been given the recommended English name of golden waxcap in the UK.
The spores are smooth, hyaline, and inamyloid.
Dothidotthia is a genus of fungi in the family Botryosphaeriaceae.
P. aurea, commonly known as golden bootleg or golden cap is a mushroom found throughout North America and Eurasia – often next to nettles.
H. papulasporae has Sibirina- and Papulaspora-like synanamorphs.
Sphaerulina rehmiana is a fungal plant pathogen infecting roses.
It was described as new to science in 1999.
R. acerinum is an Ascomycete fungus that locally infects the leaves of trees and is a biotrophic parasite.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Zimmermanniella trispora.
The Eremotheciaceae are a family of yeasts in the order Saccharomycetales.
Found in the United States, it was described by mycologist Lexemuel Ray Hesler in 1967.
It is found naturally in Europe and Siberia, and has been introduced to Australia and New Zealand.
A common and widespread species—one of the most widespread fungi in the genus Lepiota—it has been reported from Europe, northern Asia, North America, and New Zealand.
as being monophyletic has gradually shifted and there is now ample evidence that Mycosphaerella in its broadest sense is polyphyletic.
Boletus bresidolanus is a species of bolete fungus in the Boletaceae family.
Its fruit bodies are typically 2–3 cm tall by 2–3.5 cm wide, and they be clustered together as an aggregate, or in groups.
The genus, circumscribed by J. Ginns in 1988, contains two species.
It was originally published as a species of Boletus when it was newly described in 2013, then transferred to Suillellus the following year.
Uncertain of whether or not the artificially cultivated mushrooms would retain their natural psychoactive properties, Dr. Hofmann consumed 32 specimens.
T. floccosus is eaten by local people in northeastern India, Nepal and Mexico.
Eoaleurina is a fungal genus in the family Pyronemataceae.
It is used in population genomics and phylogenetic studies to compare its wild characteristics to laboratory yeasts.
Formerly classified in the Stereales, molecular analysis published in 2002 demonstrated that the fungus is a reduced form of the closely related Gymnopus.
An ammonia fungus, it tends to grow on the corpses of animals.
Fungi include symbionts of plants, animals, or other fungi and also parasites.
Fuscocerrena is a fungal genus in the family Polyporaceae.
Tricholoma mutabile is a mushroom of the agaric genus Tricholoma.
It occurs in deciduous woodlands in Europe from spring to autumn.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
Boletus pallidoroseus is a fungus of the genus Boletus native to North America.
Some are safe to eat, yet there are a few poisonous members, such as T. pardinum, T. tigrinum and T. equestre.
It is also similar to Acarospora chrysops, which grows from South America to central Mexico, through Texas and into the Rocky Mountains.
Sexual reproduction does not occur in this species, but it asexually reproduces through budding at the birth scar site.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Tremateia halophila.
The Tetraplosphaeriaceae are a family of fungi in the order Pleosporales.
It is commonly known as the red cracking bolete.
It produces a neurotoxin called penitrem A.
Tylopilus ammiratii is a fungus of the genus Tylopilus found in California, where it fruits scattered or in groups under black oak.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Aleurocystidiellum subcruentatum, a crust fungus that was first described in 1860 by Miles Berkeley and Moses Ashley Curtis.
Carpoligna is a fungal genus in the Sordariomycetes class of the Ascomycota.
Merugia is a genus of fungi in the Sordariomycetes class of the Ascomycota.
The genus name was coined from the Italian Leccino, for a type of rough-stemmed bolete.
It is saprobic on wood, like other Crepidotus species, but it can also decompose herbaceous forest litter.
Unlike other Agaricus species, A. deserticola does not develop true gills, but rather a convoluted and networked system of spore-producing tissue called a gleba.
It is widespread but uncommon in Europe.
The Hyphodermataceae are a family of fungi in the order Polyporales.
The species was given its current name in 1939 by Jakob Emanuel Lange.
Amanita frostiana, also known as Frost's Amanita, is a small fungi species of eastern U.S. and southeastern Canada.
Afroboletus is a genus of fungi in the family Boletaceae.
Anaeromyces is a genus of fungi in the family Neocallimastigaceae.
The species was first described scientifically by French mycologist Lucien Quélet in 1883.
The Pyrenulaceae are a family of fungi in the order Pyrenulales.
Molecular analysis has revealed that there are cryptic species in the fungal lineages Coniophora olivacea, C. arida, and C. puteana.
Stinkbugs cause considerable damage to agriculture and forestry, and the anamorph of O. nutans, Hymenostilbe nutans, is a potential selective biological control agent against the stinkbugs.
Thelidiella is a genus of fungi within the class Sordariomycetes.
Coelopogon is a genus of lichenized fungi within the Parmeliaceae family.
Known as the gleba, this material contains the spores, and is transported by insects which are attracted by the odor—described as resembling carrion.
It was described as new to science in 1961 by mycologist Kenneth A. Harrison, who initially called it Hydnum lanuginosum.
Several species, most of which are opportunistic, also infect humans.
It can cause up to 100% crop losses and is virulent against many resistance genes which have previously protected wheat against stem rust.
Amylosporomyces is a genus of fungi in the Stereaceae family.
Agaricus deserticola, commonly known as the gasteroid agaricus, is a species of fungus in the family Agaricaceae.
Coprinopsis is a genus of mushrooms in the family Psathyrellaceae.
Of the three fungi, Ascochyta pinodes is of the most importance.
Caps are supported by thin, hollow stems up to 20 mm long, which are set on a disc-like base.
The common name for A. sarmentosa is witch’s hair lichen.
Symptoms of this disease first appear as circular, dark purple spots on the leaf surface.
The genus has a widespread distribution, especially in tropical regions.
Candy cap or curry milkcap is the English-language common name for several closely related edible species of Lactarius; L. camphoratus, L. fragilis, and L. rubidus.
The species was described by William Henry Long in 1941.
Penicillium megasporum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces megasporizine, phyllostine, asperphenamate and physcion.
Chiodecton is a genus of lichens in the family Roccellaceae.
A. flavus is also an opportunistic human and animal pathogen, causing aspergillosis in immunocompromised individuals.
The stipe measures 6–11 cm long by 1.5–2 cm thick except for the swollen base, which is up to 5 cm in diameter.
In North America, it is commonly called the Siberian slippery jack.
Cudoniella was circumscribed by mycologist Pier Andrea Saccardo in 1889.
It is also being evaluated as a potential biological control for the invasive plant garlic mustard.
Niebla ramosissima is a rare fruticose lichen that grows on soil on San Nicolas Island in the Channel Islands of California.
Romellina is a genus of fungi within the class Sordariomycetes.
Trichosphaera is a genus of fungi in the Ascomycota phylum.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
Economically, they can cause rot in potatoes, oats and corn.
It is found in Europe, and, despite previous research to the contrary, is absent in North America.
Hydnellum caeruleum is an inedible fungus, also commonly known as the blue-green hydnellum, blue spine, or blue tooth.
Solenopezia is a genus of fungi within the Hyaloscyphaceae family.
Sagenidiopsis isidiata is a species of lichen in the family Arthoniaceae.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Esslingeriana idahoensis, found in the USA.
The Hemiphacidiaceae are a family of fungi in the order Helotiales.
The species forms thin, white, cobwebby basidiocarps and typically occurs saprotrophically on leaf litter and fallen wood.
Ramaria rasilispora, commonly known as the yellow coral, is a coral mushroom in the family Gomphaceae.
The bumpy whitish cap has wavy margins and sprouts from an underground stipe.
Ascochyta prasadii is a plant pathogen that causes leaf spot and stem cakers on hemp.
Also, the placement of this genus within the Dothideomycetes is uncertain.
Phoma microspora is a fungal plant pathogen infecting peanuts.
All parts of the mushroom turn an intense blue color within a few moments of bruising or cutting.
Fuscidea is a lichenized genus of fungi within the Fuscideaceae family.
The organism can live in symbiosis with several plant species by enhancing phosphate uptake by the root structure while feeding off plant waste products.
Leucosporidium is a genus of fungi found in the family Leucosporidiaceae.
The lower surface is paler than upper surface, and has numerous rhizoidal hyphae attaching it to the substrate.
It forms arbuscular mycorrhiza and vesicles in roots.
A. furfuracea might also belong in Camarophyllopsis, but it has not yet been restudied.
Monilinia oxycocci Honey,, common names Cranberry Cottonball, Cranberry Hard Rot, Tip Blight, is a fungal infection of the cranberry plant.
First described as Coprinus pyrrhanthes by the mycologist Henri Romagnesi in 1951, it was later transferred to the genus Coprinellus in 2001.
It was described in 2008, after molecular phylogenetic study had shown that it forms a monophyletic lineage within the family, sister to Lactarius.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single truffle-like species Phallogaster saccatus, commonly known as the club-shaped stinkhorn or the stink poke.
Paecilomyces fulva is a plant pathogen that causes Byssochlamys rot on strawberries.
The Pyxidiophorales are an order of fungi in the class Laboulbeniomycetes.
It is an uncommon but widespread species, having been reported from Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Europe, and North America.
Elias Fries transferred it to Thelephora in his 1838 work Epicrisis Systematis Mycologici.
Sphagnurus is a parasitic mushroom genus in the family Lyophyllaceae that creates conspicuous dead patches on peat moss in bogs.
Its occurrence elsewhere is uncertain because of confusion with the related species, Exidia nigricans.
Leptosphaeria is a genus of fungi in the family Phaeosphaeriaceae.
Its conk is known as the red belt conk.
Craterellus excelsus is a species of fungus in the family Cantharellaceae.
Naufragella is a genus of fungi in the family Halosphaeriaceae.
Lacrymospora is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Pyrenulaceae; according to the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota, the placement in this family is uncertain.
Officially described in 2013, it is found in eastern North America.
Colletotrichum paspali is a falcate-spored graminicolous plant pathogenic fungi species, first isolated from warm-season grasses.
The epithet, sorediata, is in reference to the development of soredia (soredium}.
The spores are oblong, amyloid, and measure 4–6 by 2–2.5 μm.
In addition, a second secondary metabolite citrinin is produced as well.
Both the family and order were circumscribed in 1997.
It is one of the most common species of Russula in Europe.
Aldonata is a genus of fungi in the family Parmulariaceae.
The crust-like fruit bodies of Conohypha are white to cream in colour and membrane-like.
Spores are roughly spherical, typically measuring 7.2–7.9 by 4.5–5.6 µm.
This ink cap species is a decomposer which can be found in grassy areas, alone, scattered or in small groups.
The genus contains five species found in the Americas and Asia.
The rubbery fruit body, which has a strong odor of coal-tar similar to Tricholoma sulphureum, consists of numerous internal cavities lined with spore-producing tissue.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
They are creamy white, soft, and light.
It is found in Europe, where it grows on woodchips or near conifer stumps.
They fruit on soil or plant debris, sometimes on burn sites or among bryophytes.
Panaeolus coprinifacies is a species of mushroom in the Strophariaceae family.
M. rufobrunnea grows in disturbed soil or in woodchips used in landscaping, suggesting a saprophytic mode of nutrition.
Lactarius flexuosus is a species of fungus in the Russulaceae family of mushrooms.
They are notable for their unusual spore-bearing structures of teeth rather than gills.
Hyalacrotes is a genus of fungi within the Hyaloscyphaceae family.
This family can not yet be taxonomically classified in any of the ascomycetous classes and orders with any degree of certainty.
Penicillium dimorphosporum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium.
Tremateia is a genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.
Marasmiellus hapuuarum is a species of agaric fungus in the Marasmiaceae family.
Approximately 200 species are described, and all are obligate parasites of angiosperms, ferns, or mosses.
Phialophora is a form genus of fungus with short conidiophores, sometimes reduced to phialides; their conidia are unicellular.
Haloguignardia is a genus of fungi in the family Lulworthiaceae.
It is found in Southwest Anatolia, Turkey, where it grows on moss-covered stream beds in pine forests.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single resupinate species Adustomyces lusitanicus, found in Europe and Africa.
Most are typically isolated from soil, but several species occur as a natural part of the skin microbiota of humans and other animals.
Rutstroemiaceae is a family of fungi in the order Helotiales.
Penicillium macrosclerotiorum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from soil in south China.
In the laboratory, Mutinus elegans has been shown to inhibit the growth of several microorganisms that can be pathogenic to humans.
Drechslera glycines, Drechslera blight, is a fungal plant pathogen of soybeans.
It is found in the range 43–50°N across North America, where it fruits from April to June.
The family contains six genera and 229 species.
Leotia species are globally distributed, and are believed to be saprobic.
Found in the Netherlands where it grows on the ground in deciduous forests, it was described as new to science in 1983 by Machiel Noordeloos.
Lobaria scrobiculata, commonly known as the textured lungwort, is a large foliose, epiphytic lichen.
As established by Cossmann in 1885, Goossensia is a mollusc genus in family Carditidae.
The firmer cortex of subgenus Vermilacinia undoubtedly adds support to the thallus that allows its branches to grow upright from the substrate.
Heterobasidion occidentale is a tree root-rotting pathogenic fungus in the family Bondarzewiaceae.
Geocoryne is a genus of fungi within the Leotiaceae family.
Boletus subcaerulescens is a basidiomycete fungus of the genus Boletus found in northeastern North America.
It typically produces basidiocarps in the autumn.
In host tissue it is found as a yeast.
The lower surface is black and has rhizines anchoring it to the substrate.
Leccinum colubrinum is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.
Found in China where it grows in association with Yunnan pine, it was described as a new species in 2014.
Arthothelium is a lichenized genus of fungi in the family Arthoniaceae.
It is the type species of Tylopilus, and the only member of the genus found in Europe.
It is very common in North America, and it is present in Europe, Asia, and Africa.
Pseudoarmillariella is a genus of fungi in the family Hygrophoraceae.
Rivulicola is a genus of fungi in the class Sordariomycetes.
The fruitbody is spherical or nearly so, measuring about 8–10 cm in diameter.
It causes verticillium wilt in some plant species.
It produces fruit bodies that are fleshy, medium-sized, and cream-coloured when young, colouring brownish when mature.
Cortinarius hemitrichus, also known as the frosty webcap, is a basidiomycete mushroom of the genus Cortinarius.
Microstoma is a genus of cup fungi in the order Pezizales.
It is monotypic, containing the single species Eoaleurina foliicola, first described as Humaria foliicola by Paul Christoph Hennings in 1902.
Cudoniella is a genus of fungi in the family Helotiaceae.
The class contains three orders: the Cystobasidiales, the Erythrobasidiales, and the Naohideales.
Raffaelea is a genus of ambrosia fungi in the family Ophiostomataceae.
This family can not yet be taxonomically classified in any of the ascomycetous classes and orders with any degree of certainty.
Monacrosporium is a genus of fungi in the family Orbiliaceae.
Phaeocollybia is a genus of fungi in the family Hymenogastraceae.
The fruit bodies of R. sinicus` have a brown, pulvinate cap measuring 9–11 cm in diameter that is covered with fibrous scales.
Menegazzia lucens is a species of lichen from New Zealand.
Stemphylium is a genus of fungal plant pathogen.
Described as new to science in 2001, it is found in Papua New Guinea.
They all exude milky drops from the flesh and gills when damaged.
Molliardiomyces eucoccinea is the name given to the imperfect form of the fungus that lacks a sexually reproductive stage in its life cycle.
It is a monotypic genus, whose single truffle-like species, K. pfeilii, is found in the Kalahari Desert, as well as in other parts of southern Africa.
Eremothecella is a lichenized genus of fungi in the family Arthoniaceae.
Mycena singeri is a species of agaric fungus in the family Mycenaceae.
Hygrophoropsis rufa is a species of fungus in the family Hygrophoropsidaceae.
The fungus produces fruit bodies on moose [known in Europe as European elk] dung.
Kondoaceae is a family of fungi in the order Agaricostilbales, part of the Basidiomycota.
The genus was first described by the Swedish botanist Erik Acharius in 1808.
It differs morphologically from H. capsulatum by the typical production of a large-celled yeast form.
Deconica pegleriana is a species of mushroom in the family Strophariaceae.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Omphalora arizonica, found in North America.
Rhabdocline pseudotsugae is a fungal plant pathogen.
Nothopanus is a genus of fungus in the Marasmiaceae family.
Menegazzia ultralucens is a species of lichen found in New Zealand and Australia.
This species contains the hallucinogenic drugs psilocybin and psilocin, and stains blue-green where damaged.
Torulaspora is a genus of ascomycetous yeasts in the family Saccharomycetaceae.
Genetic analysis has shown that luminescence is controlled by a single dominant allele.
The Zopfiaceae are a family of fungi in the order Pleosporales.
Ameliella is a genus of lichenized fungi in the Lecanoraceae family.
Leccinum variicolor is a species of bolete fungus in the genus Leccinum.
Diaporthales is an order of sac fungi.
Due to substantial declines in sightings, this species is listed as critically endangered in the United Kingdom.
C. lunata is distinguished by septate, dematiaceous hyphae producing brown, geniculate conidiophores.
Although it is regarded as quite tasty, cases of poisoning from eating T. equestre have been reported.
It is found growing from termitaria in grassy fields, hills, and or forest borders in China  and Vietnam.
Penicillium allii is an anamorph fungus species of the genus of Penicillium.
Corallonectria is a genus of ascomycete fungi in the family Nectriaceae.
The spore print is reddish brown; spores are spindle-shaped with dimensions of 15–20 by 6–9 μm.
Penicillium fractum is a species of the genus of Penicillium.
Agaricus silvicola, also known as the wood mushroom, is a species of Agaricus mushroom related to the button mushroom.
Amanita eliae is an inedible species of fungi in the family of Amanitaceae found in Europe.
Candida albicans is a type of yeast that is commonly used as a model organism for biology.
Mycosphaerella caricae is a fungal plant pathogen.
This rare fungus was found growing in Clumber Park in Nottinghamshire, England after a heavy summer rain in 2008.
The distribution of T. entomospora is restricted to South America.
First described in 1829, the species has a widespread distribution, and is found in Asia, Europe, and the Americas.
The gills are thick and widely spaced, with a color similar to that of the cap or paler, and a whitish-yellow edge.
The genus was circumscribed by American mycologist William Alphonso Murrill in 1905.
Tricholoma scalpturatum is a species of agaric fungus in the family Tricholomataceae.
It was first described by French mycologist Lucien Quélet in 1886.
It was transferred to Hygrocybe in 1998, in which it has been proposed as the type species of section Pseudofirmae.
It is a monotypic genus containing the single species Diacrochordon rehmii, described as new to science in 1955 by mycologist Franz Petrak.
Cortinarius smithii is an agaric fungus of the genus Cortinarius.
The disease appears as yellow dots on the reverse of the leaves.
Tricholoma argenteum is a mushroom of the agaric genus Tricholoma.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Laricina mollis.
This summer and autumn species occurs under pines, but can also be found below deciduous trees.
Tylospora is a genus of fungi in the family Atheliaceae.
The stem has coarse, dark red reticulations and a narrow yellow area at the top.
Marasmius koae is a species of agaric fungus in the Marasmiaceae family.
The Micropeltidaceae are a family of fungi with an uncertain taxonomic placement in the class Dothideomycetes.
Lycoperdon pyriforme, commonly known as the pear-shaped puffball or stump puffball, is a saprobic fungus present throughout much of the world.
It was first described scientifically in 1878 by American mycologist Charles Horton Peck, from collections made in the Adirondack Mountains in Upstate New York.
A heterothallic mating locus was found in the genome.
This artificial but often useful grouping is now more generally called the hydnoid or tooth fungi.
The Microbotryales are an order of fungi in the Microbotryomycetes class of the Basidiomycota.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
It has been found very infrequently, with currently known localities in the United States, Mexico, Costa Rica, and China.
A poorly known family, some species have been identified as economically significant plant pathogens, in particular of citrus.
The species was illustrated in the scientific literature during the 16th century, but was not officially described until 1729.
for species having elongate, often septate ascospores.
Gliophorus perplexus is a species of agaric fungus in the family Hygrophoraceae.
The specific epithet morbida refers to the deadly pathogenic effect it has on its host.
The common name of the species is club coral.
Xerocomellus zelleri, commonly known as Zeller's Bolete, is an edible species of mushroom in the family Boletaceae.
It is a reddish-orange colored mushroom species extending from the Province of Quebec, Canada to at least the State of Hidalgo, Mexico.
There is a dimitic hyphal system, where the skeletal hyphae are found only in the tissue of the "teeth", and a lack of cystidia.
A 2014 genetic study confirmed it was syonymous with C. glaucopoides and that Cortinarius subrubrovelatus was a distinct species.
Candida theae is a species of yeast in the genus Candida.
The fungus has typical pear-shaped chlamydospores, and thus, named as P. indica .
Sporormia is a genus of fungi in the family Sporormiaceae.
Sphaerulina is a genus of fungi in the family Mycosphaerellaceae.
Lactocollybia is a genus of agaric fungi in the family Marasmiaceae.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Hauerslevia pulverulenta, known from Europe.
Lentinus strigosus is a species of fungus in the family Polyporaceae.
Sphagnurus paluster, the single species in the genus is pale grey and has a mycenoid stature.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
Polytolypa hystricis contains bioactive compounds that have antifungal activity.
Termitomyces heimii is a species of agaric fungus in the family Lyophyllaceae.
Both species are found in European coniferous and deciduous forests growing on soil.
In this process it prevents the meat of getting colonization by other molds and bacteria
It has a purple planoconvex cap 65–130 mm in diameter, and gills that are yellow to yellow-green.
Verticillium is a genus of fungi in the division Ascomycota, and are an anamorphic form of the family Plectosphaerellaceae.
"Strictipes" comes from the Latin words stricti and pes.
It contains the single species Durianella echinulata, described in 2008 and found in Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo.
Mamiania is a genus of fungi in the family Gnomoniaceae.
Bioluminescence is also observable with mycelia grown in laboratory culture, and the growth conditions for optimal light production have been studied in detail.
It is a monotypic genus containing the sole species Xenocalonectria serpens.
The spores are ellipsoid and measure 8 by 16 µm.
The mushroom contains the medicinal compound psilocybin.
Dasyspora is a genus of rust fungi in the family Uropyxidaceae.
Canoparmelia albomaculata is a species of lichen in the family Parmeliaceae.
Flammula is a dark brown-spored genus of mushrooms that cause a decay of trees, on whose bases they often fruit, forming clusters of yellowish brown mushrooms.
The species was first described by Christiaan Hendrik Persoon in 1801 as Geastrum hygrometricus.
In the past, Erysiphe cichoracearum was considered to be the primary causal organism throughout most of the world.
Although the mushroom is generally considered edible—especially if the slimy cap cuticle and partial veil are first peeled off—opinions about its palatability vary.
The cup shape typically serves to focus raindrops into splashing spores out of the cup.
Fuscoscypha is a genus of fungi within the Hyaloscyphaceae family.
Ceratorhiza hydrophila is an anamorphic species of fungus in the family Ceratobasidiaceae.
The article title is New and Unusual Dark-Spored Agarics from North America.
Sarcodon illudens is a species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Bryodina rhypariza.
Micropeziza is a genus of fungi in the Dermateaceae family.
Septogloeum potentillae is an ascomycete fungus that is a plant pathogen infecting strawberries.
Sarcodontia is a genus of fungi in the family Meruliaceae.
cubense  Pronunciation  is a fungal plant pathogen that causes Panama disease of banana, also known as fusarium wilt of banana.
Penicillium marneffei, now called Talaromyces marneffei, discovered in 1956, is an exception.
This widespread genus includes at least eight species.
Mycena minirubra is a species of fungus in the Mycenaceae family.
There are now 11 known races of Ug99.
Phlebonema is a fungal genus in the family Agaricaceae.
The slender and wiry black hollow stems measure up to 8.0 cm long by 1.5 mm thick.
Lecanicillium aphanocladii Zare & W. Gams 2001,
The fungus produces apothecia that are normally found on the underside of needles but they also occur on the topside as well.
It was revealed in 2011 that a very large fruit body, measuring up to 1,085 cm in length, had been found on Hainan Island.
In order to treat the infected sugarcane at least three rounds of fungicide must be applied to the plant, costing growers $40 million a year.
Verpa bohemica is a species of fungus in the family Morchellaceae.
It has been implicated as the causative agent in plant disease.
The genus was described by French mycologist Jean Louis Émile Boudier in 1885.
Isaria sinclairii is a species of entomopathogenic fungus mostly infecting the underground nymphs of cicadas.
Sphaerodothella is a genus of fungi in the family Phyllachoraceae.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown, and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any order.
It was originally described by Estonian mycologist Erast Parmasto in 1962 as a species of Merulius.
When it is cut or injured, the mushroom oozes a white latex, which has an intensely peppery taste.
The name of Fusarium comes from Latin fusus, meaning a spindle.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Rhodopeziza tuberculata.
Rebentischia is a genus in the Tubeufiaceae family of fungi.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Catulus aquilonius.
It causes the brown leaf mould of Canavalia species.
Beniowskia sphaeroidea is an ascomycete fungus that is a plant pathogen.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Neobroomella ciliata.
Psilocybe tampanensis forms psychoactive truffle-like sclerotia that are known and sold under the nickname "philosopher's stones".
Hydropus moserianus is a species of agaric fungus in the family Marasmiaceae.
Tricholoma violaceibrunneum is an agaric fungus of the genus Tricholoma.
Mucor plumbeus is a common spoilage agent of cheese, apples, apple cider and yogurt.
The Eurotiales are an order of sac fungi, also known as the green and blue molds.
Sorokinella is a genus of fungi in the family Dermateaceae.
According to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention, "The term 'toxic mold' is not accurate.
Leccinum fuscescens is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.
Russula pseudodelica is a mushroom in the genus Russula.
It was classified in the genus Fistulinella by Roy Watling.
Gall formation is typically not detrimental to old trees but has been known to kill younger less stable saplings.
pullulans from substrates with low water activity and the phyllosphere; var.
Fruit bodies can be identified by the tapering root-like stipe base, as well as the almond-like odor.
Phaeoporotheleum is a genus of fungi in the Cyphellaceae family.
It is a black yeast that is investigated for its remarkable halotolerance.
It attacks several sugarcane species and has been reported to occur on a few other grass species as well, but not to a critical amount.
Cercospora theae is a fungal plant pathogen.
It is a decay fungus that serves as a small-scale disturbance agent in coastal rainforest ecosystems.
Cystodermella species bear non-amyloid spores and sometimes cystidia.
Unlike other boletes, all members of Gomphidiaceae are agarics, having gills instead of pores.
As well as being a contaminant, Chaetomium spp.
In North America, its distribution is restricted to Alaska.
It was determined to be a species independent of the other five species because of its complex branch system and varying conidiophores, which lack typical swelling.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Muellerites juniperi.
This grass is its only known host.
Gymnopilus moabus is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
It consists of as many as six species: C. muricata, C. crespoae, C. steppae, C. odontella, C. australiensis and not published yet C. panamericana.
Unlike other rust diseases, C. weirii is autoecious, only infecting spruce trees.
Described as new to science in 1989, it was found on moist soil growing under Willow plants in Denmark.
Zeus is a fungal genus within the family Rhytismataceae.
The large fruit bodies appear in summer and autumn; the caps, stipes and gills are all white in colour.
It is monotypic, containing the single species Phruensis brunneispora, found on decaying trunks of the palm Licuala longecalycata in Thailand.
It was first described by Augustin Pyramus de Candolle in 1805.
Gilbertsonia is a fungal genus in the family Fomitopsidaceae.
Found in Argentina, it was described as new to science by mycologist Rolf Singer in 1969.
The fruit bodies are dark red with a sticky cap, and have a reticulate stem.
It is monotypic, containing the single lichen species Pseudobaeomyces insignis, found in Asia.
Many have vesicles for energy storage, or auxiliary cells.
Its aerial mycelium is almost white; conidiophores on aerial mycelium are erect, occasionally prostrate, and sympodially branched bearing mono- and polyphialides.
It is found in eastern North America
Found in Sichuan, China, it was formally described in 2004.
Mushrooms resembling M. adonis include M. acicula, M. aurantiidisca, and M. rosella.
Penicillium humicoloides is a species of the genus of Penicillium.
Fischerula is a genus of two truffle-like fungi in the family Morchellaceae.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single resupinate species Elaphocephala iocularis, found in Europe.
Fruitbodies of the fungus resembles those of Russula betularum, but can be distinguished from that species by their distinctive pear odor.
The specific epithet tabernensis refers to the meeting house at the Stennis Space Center Recreation area, near the type locality.
They are found living in fresh water.
Aecidium magellanicum, commonly known as the calafate rust, is a species of rust fungi.
It is found in the western Mediterranean region, associated with several species of oak and hornbeam, and is also reported from Serbia.
Poroleprieuria is a genus of fungi in the family Xylariaceae.
The eggs of C. pusillus are typically off-white, with a red/purple tinge and a faint latticed pattern on the surface.
The presence or absence of this condition has also been referred to in the literature as "deposit" and "no deposit".
Stephanopus is a genus of fungi in the family Cortinariaceae.
Psilocybe aquamarina is a species of mushroom in the family Hymenogastraceae.
The spores are dextrinoid, meaning that they stain reddish-brown in Melzer's reagent.
Generally considered inedible, Cyathus species are saprobic, since they obtain nutrients from decomposing organic matter.
There are approximately 80 species within this genus.
Calosphaeriaceae is a family of fungi in the order Calosphaeriales.
The Chaetosphaerellaceae are a family of fungi in the Ascomycota, class Sordariomycetes.
It was originally isolated from cotton as a pathogen causing stigmatomycosis by Ashby and Nowell in 1926.
Microdiscus is a genus of fungi in the Helotiales order.
Bovistella is a genus of puffball fungi in the family Agaricaceae.
It has a distinctive bright yellow colour and an unusual smell likened to coal gas.
It was originally described in 1994 from specimens collected in Baja California.
The fungus produces small, brown fruit bodies with bell-shaped to conical caps measuring 0.4–1 cm in diameter and 0.3–0.9 cm high.
Cyttaria was originally described by mycologist Miles Joseph Berkeley in 1842.
The order consists of four families as well as one genus, Cladosterigma, not assigned to any family.
The disease was first described from rodents in Arizona, and the first human case was reported in France in 1964.
Its spores are amyloid, and measure 8.2–11.1 by 4.2–5.7 µm.
Trichosporon beigelii is a species of fungus in the family Trichosporonaceae.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Aphanandromyces audisioi.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Trichothyriomyces notatus.
Found in the eastern United States, it was described as new to science in 2006.
It was first isolated in Gilan Province, Iran, hence its name.
Found in Greenland, it was first described scientifically by Carl Christian Frederic Ferdinandsen and Øjvind Winge in a 1910 publication.
Although several methods have been suggested to control the spread of disease, they are largely economically or environmentally unfeasible.
Basidiopsora is a lichenized genus of fungi in the family Ramalinaceae.
It was described as new to science in 2014 from specimens collected in Finland.
A. phalloides is one of the most poisonous of all known toadstools.
It was first described scientifically by Christian Hendrik Persoon in 1801.
Cryptoleptosphaeria is a fungal genus in the order Diaporthales, class Sordariomycetes.
The erection of Baorangia follows recent molecular studies that outlined a new phylogenetic framework for the Boletaceae.
Menegazzia jamesii is a species of lichen found in Australia.
Pneumocystis wakefieldiae is a parasitic fungus first isolated from rats.
It is whitish but becomes grayish-green near the base.
Multifurca zonaria is a species of mushroom-forming fungus in the genus Russulaceae.
Cyphella is a genus of fungi in the family Cyphellaceae.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Auriculibuller fuscus, found in Portugal.
Stenella is a genus of anamorphic fungi in the family Mycosphaerellaceae.
Exidiopsis effusa is a species of fungus in the family Auriculariaceae, and the type species of the genus Exidiopsis.
Sistotremastrum is a genus of crust fungi in the Hydnodontaceae family.
They grow on calcareous soil and rocks.
Found in Kerala State, India, fruit bodies of the fungus grow on the ground among bamboo roots.
It was formerly thought to belong in the family Inocybaceae.
Hygrophoropsis rufescens is a species of fungus in the family Hygrophoropsidaceae.
According to the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota, the family contains five genera; however, the placement of the genus Kawasakia is uncertain.
While some guides list this species as edible, a few people experience gastric upset after consumption.
Bathyascus is a genus of fungi in the family Halosphaeriaceae.
The genus includes two species, Leucangium ophthalmosporum Quél.
Although the mushroom may be considered edible, it is not recommended for consumption.
The cap is convex when young, later flat, mostly bright cinnabar to carmine red; often with yellow spots and up to 10 cm in diameter.
It was first described scientifically by American mycologist George F. Atkinson in 1903.
Porpoloma was described by mycologist Rolf Singer in 1952 with P. sejunctum as the type species.
It is a facultative plant pathogen and is the causal agent of "southern blight" disease in crops.
Cocoicola is a genus of fungi within the family Phaeochoraceae.
Mycelia often grows in conglomerate masses that resemble rope.
Ruhlandiella is a genus of fungi within the Pezizaceae family.
Pestalotiopsis versicolor is a plant pathogen infecting avocados.
Semifissispora is a genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.
The genus contains three species found in the USA and Africa.
It was first developed as an experimental model in the 1950s: by Urs Leupold for studying genetics, and by Murdoch Mitchison for studying the cell cycle.
The genus and species was described as new to science in 1992.
Found in southern Europe, it was described as new to science in 1984 by Italian naturalist Francisco Bellù.
Tainosphaeria is a genus of fungi within the Chaetosphaeriaceae family.
One of the most lethal symptoms of the disease are the Leucostoma cankers.
The anamorphic form of the fungus, known as Tilachlidiopsis racemosa, is missing the sexual stage of its life cycle.
The genus, circumscribed by the Austrian mycologist Franz Petrak in 1921, contains nine species.
Found in India, it was described as new to science in 1957 as Helminthosporium longirostratum, and transferred to the genus Exserohilum in 1984.
C. guilliermondii has also been isolated from normal skin and in sea water, faeces of animals, fig wasps, buttermilk, leather, fish and beer.
On the underside of the caps are widely spaced white gills that are attached to a collar encircling the stem.
The infected leaves eventually become dry and prematurely fall.
The Ustilaginaceae are a family of smut fungi in the order Ustilaginomycetes.
The fruiting forms are flat to slightly convex, and deep red-brown.
These patches grow adjacent to each other, leading to the appearance of a map or a patchwork field.
Spores are sausage shaped, measuring 4.8–6.5 by 1–1.2 μm.
Mycena asterina is a species of agaric fungus in the family Mycenaceae.
Basidiocarps are agaricoid with whitish spores, typically with scaly caps and a ring on the stipe.
Lactarius pyrogalus, commonly known as the fire-milk lactarius, is a species of inedible mushroom in genus Lactarius.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Azbukinia ferruginea.
Trichosphaeropsis is a genus of fungi within the class Sordariomycetes.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Thaxterina multispora.
The disease infects all parts of the plant most commonly on golf course roughs, sports fields, and home lawns.
It was first described scientifically in 1912 by Norwegian mycologist Olav Johan Sopp, who called it Citromyces sanguifluus.
It is a common mushroom, but collections are at their peak during late summer.
Catolechia is a genus of lichenized fungi within the Rhizocarpaceae family.
The widely distributed genus contains 28 species.
The genus contains several species found in Asia, Europe, Greenland, and North America.
The genus contains Australian two species described as new to science in 1996.
It was isolated from said trees in Western Australia.
The disease of potatoes that it causes is economically important.
This crust fungus was originally described by Italian mycologist Giacomo Bresadola in 1925 as Odontia furfurella.
Some species have also been reported as endophytic microorganisms with highly bioactive metabolites.
Ciboria amentacea, commonly known as the catkin cup, is a species of ascomycete fungus in the family Sclerotiniaceae.
When circular, or roughly circular, the diameter of this lichen species has been widely used to help determining the relative age of deposits e.g.
caesiophyllus, and the bluish tints in the gills.
While this species rarely causes invasive disease in animals, it is an important agent of plant disease, attacking both the leaves and fruits of many plants.
A. clavatus is allergenic, causing the occupational hypersensitivity pneumonitis known as malt-worker's lung.
Lohwagia contains three species: the type L. intermedia, L. kessleriana and L. verruciformis.
Penicillium pulvis is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from house dust in the city Kuils River in South Africa.
It produces superficial, oval perithecia at the apex of its stroma, and also multiseptate ascospores, while producing Hirsutella-type anamorphs on growth culture media.
Rhopographus is a genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.
The fruit bodies closely resemble those of the widespread species Lepiota cristata.
Species in the Agaricostilbales lack cystidia, and have long basidia with transverse septa.
Clitocybe strigosa is a species of agaric fungus in the family Tricholomataceae.
This species was first isolated from beach soil in Land's End Garden in Treasure Island, Florida in the United States.
It contains the families Aliquandostipitaceae, and Manglicolaceae.
One of the only differences between the two species is that F. pseudograminearum lacks its sexual stage on the wheat host.
Fungi are the principal decomposers in ecological systems.
Cresponea ancistrosporelloides is a species of lichen in the family Roccellaceae.
Due to morphological, molecular and ecological differences, it was recently allocated to the newly described Huntiella genus.
At this time, only limited research has been conducted regarding the ecological implications of C. dikerogammari spreading beyond its native range.
The weight of the cluster may exceed 30 kg.
Gibberidea is a genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.
It is saprophytic on dead cells of Ceratium hirundinella and Peridinium.
Leptascospora is a genus of fungi within the Meliolaceae family.
The Myriangiaceae are a family of fungi in the Ascomycota, class Dothideomycetes.
Acanthostigmella is a genus in the Tubeufiaceae family of fungi.
Sclerotinia borealis is a plant pathogen infecting barley, rye and wheat.
Psilocybe semiangustipleurocystidiata is a species of psilocybin mushroom in the family Strophariaceae.
The Vuilleminiaceae are a family of fungi in the order Corticiales.
Described as new to science in 2014, it is found in subtropical China.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Xanthothecium peruvianum.
Microconidia are hyaline, single-celled, pyriform to clavate, smooth-walled, 2.5–3.5 by 4–7 um in size and are not diagnostic for any one species.
Diplomitoporus was circumscribed in 1970 by Polish mycologist Stanislaw Domanski, with Diplomitoporus flavescens as the type species.
There are about 70 species in the widespread genus.
Pleurotus eryngii is an edible mushroom native to Mediterranean regions of Europe, the Middle East, and North Africa, but also grown in many parts of Asia.
Its fruit bodies have dark grey-brown caps with reddish tinges and brownish-pink coloration at the margins.
Peziza ampliata is a species of apothecial fungus belonging to the family Pezizaceae.
The family was circumscribed by Swiss mycologist Walter Jülich in 1982.
Symptoms develop and worsen in storage because the conditions are conducive to sporulation.
Dothideales are an order of bitunicate fungi consisting mainly of saprobic or plant parasitic species.
The stem is up to 10 cm long and 1.6 cm thick and is covered with reddish-brown glandular dots.
The stipe measures 1–3 cm long by 2–4 mm thick.
Paradoxomyces is a lichenized genus of fungi in the family Arthoniaceae.
There are two species, Macrophomina limbalis and Macrophomina phaseolina.
the Douglas-fir, western larch, tamarack, ponderosa, and lodgepole pine trees, but also some broadleaves, e.g.
Conocybe filaris is a common lawn mushroom that contains the same deadly toxins as the death cap.
The Lyophyllaceae is a family of fungi in the order Agaricales.
Allophylaria is a genus of fungi in the family Helotiaceae.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Atopospora betulina.
Found in Portugal and Spain, it was described as new to science in 2011.
Secondary metabolites include atranorin, fulgidin, and sometimes traces of fulgoicin and norfulgoicin.
Piloderma is a genus of fungi in the family Atheliaceae.
Russula silvicola is a species of agaric fungus in the family Russulaceae.
Most Rhodoarrhenia species have a tropical or subtropical distribution.
It is resupinate, forming a very thin structure which is white, pruinose or chalky in appearance.
Species in this family have a widespread distribution, especially in tropical areas.
It was first isolated around breeding galleries of scolytid beetles in the bark of Ulmus wallichiana.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
Peltaster fructicola is an ascomycete fungus that is a plant pathogen of apples.
Pluteus nigroviridis is a mushroom in the family Pluteaceae.
It is off-white with a top covered in short spiny bumps or "jewels", which are easily rubbed off to leave a netlike pattern on the surface.
Russula brevipes is a species of mushroom commonly known as the short-stemmed russula or the stubby brittlegill.
The Testudinaceae are a family of fungi in the order Pleosporales.
The lichen was first collected by Joseph Nelson Rose on 15 March 1911 during the Albatross Expedition.
The ring is off white and prominent but may fall off older mushrooms.
Dissophora is a genus of fungi in the Mortierellaceae family of the Zygomycota.
Species include Allantomyces zopilotei, Bojamyces olmecensis, Gauthieromyces viviparus and Graminella ophiuroidea.
Other diseases caused by members of this order include stem canker of soybeans Sacc.
Some species contain pulvinic acid-related pigments; in these species the soredia and pseudocyphellae can be bright yellow.
Russula adulterina is a species of mushroom.
Absconditella is a genus of lichenised fungi within the family Stictidaceae.
Typhula is a genus of clavarioid fungi in the order Agaricales.
The mushroom latex contains chemicals called benzoxepines, which are thought to play a role in a wound-activated chemical defense mechanism against yeasts and parasitic fungi.
Holwaya is a genus of fungi in the family Bulgariaceae.
It is endemic in western North America west of the Rocky Mountains from Alaska to southern Mexico.
Host-specific Smittium include S. dimorphum, which has only been observed in the midge Boreoheptagyia lurida.
When being cultured in liquid media, constant agitation is required.
Older literature often treats the species, like L. postii and L. marchantiae, in the genera Omphalina or Gerronema.
Psilocybe ovoideocystidiata is a psilocybin mushroom in the section Stuntzae, having psilocybin and/or psilocin as main active compounds.
It is commonly found in northeastern United States and southeastern Canada and elsewhere in North America.
The species has a complex taxonomic history, and has undergone several name changes since its first description by American mycologist Lewis David de Schweinitz in 1822.
Xanthoparmelia is a genus of foliose lichen in the Parmeliaceae family.
Described as new to science in 2009, it is found in the Seychelles.
The genus was described by Norwegian mycologists Inger Johansen and Leif Ryvarden in 1979, with Cristelloporia dimitica as the type species.
Boletus glabellus is a fungus of the genus Boletus native to North America.
Ustilago tritici is a plant pathogen infecting barley; rye and wheat.
The upper part of theirs is either light yellow or yellow-green The bottom surface is brown coloured and is plane, with a 0.2–0.5 millimetres in diameter.
Phanerochaete chrysorhizon is a species of fungus in the Polyporales order.
It is also unrelated to earthstars and stinkhorns.
Penicillium venetum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which produces roquefortine C and roquefortine D.
Phylliscidium is a genus of fungi within the Lichinaceae family.
It was described by American mycologist Cornelius Lott Shear in 1902 under the name Scleroderma pteridis.
This is the origin of the specific epithet which means "wrinkled-ringed".
Wheat leaf rust is a fungal disease that affects wheat, barley and rye stems, leaves and grains.
Microbotryaceae is a family of Basidiomycota fungi in the order Microbotryales.
It was first isolated in northern Iran, and is named after its first known host, citrus plants.
Until 2014, it was known as Boletus frustosus.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
Commonly known as the "shaving brush fungus", it is about 2 cm tall, 0.5 cm wide, and not edible.
Umbilicaria phaea is a brown, umblicate foliose lichen that grows up to 6 cm in diameter, sometimes in colonies covering large patches of desert rocks.
The gills on the underside of the cap are initially pinkish-buff before becoming pale brown when the spores mature.
Psilocybe fuliginosa is a species of mushroom in the Strophariaceae family.
When infection does occur, the tree should be cut down and the wood promptly removed to reduce inoculum.
Lycoperdon pulcherrimum is a type of puffball mushroom in the genus Lycoperdon.
The Ceratocystidaceae are a family of fungi in the Sordariomycetes class, subclass Hypocreomycetidae.
It has also been collected in Greece, and Cyprus, where it grows in maquis shrubland.
The mushroom oozes a whitish latex when it is cut, and injured tissue eventually turns a dull reddish color.
Gastrolactarius is a genus of gasteroid fungi in the family Russulaceae .
The cap grows from 5 to 15 cm in diameter.
It also acts as an insecticide, killing potato tuber moths, codling moths and their larvae.
A. subrubescens mushrooms are mildly poisonous, and consuming them will result in a short-term gastrointestinal illness.
Morphologically similar Tylopilus species include the eastern North American T. rubrobrunneus and the North and Central American T. williamsii.
It is produced as a nutritional yeast and bonding agent for fodder and pet food, and as a source of ribonucleic acid in pharmaceuticals.
It forms characteristic, dark, oval-shaped spots of necrotic tissue surrounded by a yellow ring.
Many publications place this species in a separate genus, Coprobia.
Penicillium chalybeum is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from dried fish in Sri Lanka.
Australia is another continent where many species are found.
Propolina is a genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.
Like other members of its genus, it should probably be transferred to the genus Lactarius.
Scolecobonaria is a genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.
Puccinia hordei is a species of rust fungus.
Oxyporus similis is a species of fungus in the Schizoporaceae family.
It is widespread and common, and its bright colour makes it stand out in its habitat.
It is found in eastern North America and in Europe, near deciduous trees in summer and autumn.
It a plant pathogen that causes white rot of heartwood of hardwoods.
Rubrotricha is a genus of fungi within the Gomphillaceae family.
Paranectriella is a genus in the Tubeufiaceae family of fungi.
Pogonoloma is a mushroom genus in the family Tricholomataceae in a broad sense.
Penicillium sizovae is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces agroclavine-I and epoxyagroclavine-I.
R. virescens has a ribonuclease enzyme with a biochemistry unique among edible mushrooms.
The mushroom grows in clusters or groups on rotting wood.
The epithet, infundibula, is in reference to the funnel shape of the thallus branches.
Found in Himachal Pradesh, India, it was described as new to science in 1978.
Melanoleuca verrucipes is a species of fungus in the family Tricholomataceae.
Both their scientific and common names are derived from the propensity of their flesh to turn pink on bruising, or cutting.
It was formerly placed in the genera Boletus, Xerocomus, and Xerocomellus.
Berkeley designated the type species to be Broomeia congregata.
However, a majority of described species are either found as endophytes or saprobes growing on woody debris, decaying leaves or dung.
The butter boletes have red or brown caps, yellow pores and stipes that turn blue when cut or bruised in many species, and olive-brown spindle-shaped spores.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Mytilodiscus alnicola.
Unlike many other Amanita mushrooms, A. vaginata lacks a ring on the stem.
However, Pholiotina as it is currently defined is polyphyletic, although none of the three clades that make it up belong in Conocybe.
When it forms thick clumps it is easily identified with its elevated squamules and thick stipes.
The genus has a cosmopolitan distribution, although most species are found in the Northern Hemisphere.
It is a distinctive and colourful bolete of the forest floor.
The fruit body, or ascocarp, appears on the ground in woodland, and can grow to massive sizes.
The widespread genus is estimated to contain 32 species.
Bovista species have a collectively widespread distribution, and are found largely in temperate regions of the world.
Species have small- to medium-sized fruitbodies with white spines on the underside from which spores are released.
Venturia inaequalis is an ascomycete fungus that causes the Apple scab disease.
Unlike most other coprinoid mushrooms, C. disseminatus does not dissolve into black ink in maturity.
Pleospora is a genus of ascomycete fungi.
Sutorius was created to contain this bolete and the closely related Australian species S. australiensis.
It has a rusty orange spore print and a bitter taste and contains the hallucinogen psilocybin.
The generic name is derived from the Ancient Greek cyano, referring to the deep ultramarine blue bruising reaction of the fruit bodies.
Piromyces is a genus of fungi in the family Neocallimastigaceae.
The lengthy fruiting season extends from June to November.
This is a largely European species with a few records from Mexico and the United States.
Massarina walkeri is a plant pathogen fungi.
Vairimorpha hybomitrae - a parasite of gadflies of the genus Hybomitra
The branches often produce spherical slimeheads of translucent conidiophores on their swollen tips.
Xylose is a hemicellulosic sugar found in all angiosperm plants.
Neottiella rutilans is a species of apothecial fungus belonging to the family Pyronemataceae.
The Cryptomycetaceae are a family of fungi in the Rhytismatales order.
One species of the family seems to be interesting for biotechnological applications.
The Icmadophilaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Pertusariales.
It was formally described in 1989 by Marcel Bon.
They are initially whitish before becoming light pink; injury to the pores causes a rusty-vinaceous to dingy brown bruising reaction.
Mycena fonticola is a species of fungus in the Mycenaceae family.
Lambertella is a genus of fungi in the family Rutstroemiaceae.
Sarcodon harrisonii is a species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae.
Mostly tropical in distribution, species in this family are biotrophic on the leaves and stems of plants.
Both species and genus were described in 2001.
Species in the genus Pseudallescheria are pathogenic to humans, for example, Pseudallescheria boydii can cause allergic bronchopulmonary disease.
Stemphylium vesicarium is a plant pathogen infecting alfalfa, asparagus and mango.
Gymnopilus castaneus is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
The genus, circumscribed by mycologist Rolf Singer in 1945, contains species with flattened branches and spores that are echinulate or verrucose, and angular.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Frondispora bicalcarata.
Mycena vinacea is a species of mushroom in the Mycenaceae family.
The fungus is distributed in the continental United States east of the Rocky Mountains, Central America, the Caribbean, and Asia.
The epithet, flagelliforma is in reference to the individual branches of the thallus shaped like a flagellum.
Nia vibrissa is a species of fungus in the order Agaricales.
Adelodiscus is a genus of fungi in the Helotiales order.
The spore print is reddish brown; spores are smooth, roughly elliptical, and measure 10–14 by 4–6 µm.
Phaeophyscia is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Physciaceae.
The genus has a widespread distribution and contains about 65 species.
Six of the seven species in the genus are found in China.
While synthetic fungicides are often recommended as applications around bloom, it is common to include sulfur in a tank mix to help with resistance management.
The diversity of the hemiascomycetes, a group of ascomycetes that contains most of the known yeast species was first explored in 2000.
The genus is distributed across boreal and temperate regions of the world, and contains about 80 species.
Flavocetraria is a genus of lichenized fungi within the Parmeliaceae family.
Geopora sepulta is a species of fungus belonging to the family Pyronemataceae.
Trichophaea woolhopeia is a species complex of ectomycorrhizal fungi belonging to the family Pyronemataceae.
Young specimens of L. echinatum resemble another edible spiny puffball, Lycoperdon pulcherrimum, but the latter species does not turn brown as it ages.
The fungus kingdom encompasses an enormous diversity of taxa with varied ecologies, life cycle strategies, and morphologies ranging from unicellular aquatic chytrids to large mushrooms.
The type species, Saitoella complicata, originally isolated from Himalayan soil, had its genome sequenced.
The family in its current sense is based on molecular research and contains just three genera of corticioid fungi.
The small brown mushrooms appear in leaf litter of pines and eucalypts in autumn and winter.
The Acaulosporaceae are a family of fungi in the order Diversisporales.
Morchella capitata is a later synonym of Morchella exuberans.
The gills underneath the cap are crowded together, free from attachment to the stem, and white, becoming tinged with yellow in age.
Phaeochoropsis mucosa is a plant pathogen infecting coconuts.
It is characterized by its flat and granular colonies which are initially white and develop to be light pink in color.
Coprinellus sclerocystidiosus is a species of mushroom in the family Psathyrellaceae.
Laetiporus is a genus of edible mushrooms found throughout much of the world.
The family was circumscribed by Marinus Anton Donk in 1961.
It was described as new to science in 1989.
Gremmeniella is a genus of fungi in the family Helotiaceae.
Tylopilus arenarius is a bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.
Uredo musae is a fungus that is a plant pathogen, infecting bananas.
Pyrofomes is a genus of fungi in the family Polyporaceae.
Members of the genus are commonly called strap lichens or cartilage lichens.
It forms symbiotic ectomycorrhizal associations with living trees by enveloping the tree's underground roots with sheaths of fungal tissue.
The lamellae are forked and typically the fruit bodies have a fragrant odor described as candy-like, cinnamony or pink bubble gum-like.
Some of these species infect plants in the family Mimosoideae including Acacia, Paraserianthes and Falcataria.
Hygrophorus eburneus, commonly known as the ivory waxy cap or the cowboy's handkerchief, is a species of edible mushroom in the waxgill family of fungi.
According to one 2008 estimate, the family contains 31 genera and 230 species.
Thaxteriella is a genus in the Tubeufiaceae family of fungi.
Acaulospora spinosa is a species of fungi in the family Acaulosporaceae.
Possible the most commonly encountered is P. mucronatum found on most species of wild roses including Rosa canina and Rosa arvensis
Togniniaceae is family of fungi in the order Diaporthales.
The genus was circumscribed in 1923 by Frederick Tom Brooks and Clifford Gerald Hansford.
Boletopsis smithii is a species of hydnoid fungus in the family Bankeraceae.
It forms fruit bodies in the shape of two roughly circular buff-colored lobes measuring up to 50 cm in diameter that envelop the bamboo.
It is a grey or orange rust fungus whose urediniospores are ornamented with warts or spines.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
All species within the family have basidiocarps that are thin and effused.
Both descriptions reported this fungus growing in Pinus forests surrounding the town of Tenango del Valle.
Found in Brazil, it was described as new to science in 2011.
It produces small mushrooms of an ochre colour, with a prominent umbo, fibres on the cap and a distinctive bulb at the base of the stem.
Their sexual structures, apothecia, are bright-orange with spiny projections situated around the rim.
It was first described scientifically by American mycologists Alexander H. Smith and Harry D. Thiers in 1964.
Found in North America, it was described as new to science in 1964 by Canadian mycologist Kenneth A. Harrison.
Botryosphaeria ribis is a plant pathogen that infects many trees causing cankers, dieback and death.
Stemphylium bolickii is a plant pathogen infecting kalanchoes.
Agrocybe arvalis is a species of Agaricales with a brown, hygrophanous cap and brown spore print.
It was described as new to science in 2009.
Originally described in 1918 as Coprinus mexicanus by American mycologist William Alphonso Murrill, it was transferred to Coprinopsis in 2001.
Found in Chiapas, Mexico, where it grows under pine, it was described as new to science in 1996 by Victor Bandala and Gastón Guzmán.
The specific epithet comes from the Latin translation of the Greek χιόνεος, meaning "snow white".
Pseudohydnum is monotypic, containing only the widely distributed species Pseudohydnum gelatinosum.
Furthermore, it is also one of the oldest known species of Penicillium recorded and has been used for continuous research and studies.
Panaeolus alcis is a species of agaric fungus in the family Bolbitiaceae.
The Thelocarpaceae are a family of fungi in the Ascomycota phylum.
Humaria is a genus of fungi in the Pyronemataceae family.
The spore print is flesh pink; the smooth spores are ellipsoid to somewhat fuse-shaped, inamyloid, and have dimensions of 11–14.5 by 4.9–7.4 μm.
It was described as new to science in 1964 by Canadian mycologist Kenneth A. Harrison.
Sarcodon versipellis is a species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae.
The fungus is found in Europe and North America.
Asci are club shaped, with 8 ellipsoid ascospores.
Retiboletus vinaceipes is a species of bolete fungus in the Boletaceae family.
The bolete was found in mixed woodland with hop-hornbeam, pine, and oak.
Gibberella cyanogena is a fungal plant pathogen.
The genus comprises about 12 species, noted for producing agaric fruit bodies, bearing a cap, white gills and stipe with a fine, ephemeral ring.
Colloquially known as jelly drops or the purple jellydisc, this common fungus appears as a gelatinous mass of pinkish or purple-colored discs.
It is a member of the mitosporic Ascomycota, a heterogeneous group of ascomycotic fungi whose common characteristic is the absence of a sexual state.
Tricholomaolivaceobrunneum is a mushroom of the agaric genus Tricholoma.
Spores are thick-walled, brown, smooth, and lack germ pore.
It is extremely variable in its characteristics as a single taxon, and may represent a complex of species.
Stereum hirsutum, also called False Turkey Tail, is a fungus typically forming multiple brackets on dead wood.
Xerocoprinus was circumscribed by French mycologist René Maire in 1907.
Lyophyllaceae was circumscribed by mycologist Walter Jülich in 1981.
Harrya chromapes, commonly known as the yellowfoot bolete or the chrome-footed bolete, is species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.
The fungus produces spore-bearing fruit bodies above ground in summer and autumn.
Dry bubble follows the typical verticillium life cycle, although insect vectors play a large role in the spread of this disease.
Albatrellus cristatus is a species of fungus in the family Albatrellaceae.
The genus is named in honor of American botanist Joseph Charles Arthur, noted for his research on rust fungi.
infections are often vague and most cases cited report sudden death as a consistent sign.
Cryptothele is a genus of lichen within the Lichinaceae family.
Alternaria dianthi infections begin as small circular or ovular spots on leaves and stems, which can be red, purple, brown, yellow or gray.
It is commonly known by the name black bulgar.
Described as new to science in 1898, it is found in Asia and North America, where it grows in a mycorrhizal association with oak.
Butyriboletus roseogriseus is a pored mushroom in the family Boletaceae found in Europe.
It was described as new to science by Roy Watling in 1961.
They have a central stipe, free gills, smooth pink spores, and a partial veil that usually forms an annulus on the stipe.
Russula foetens commonly known as the stinking russula is a common Russula mushroom found in deciduous and coniferous forests.
The fruit body begins its development in an "egg" form, resembling somewhat a puffball partially submerged in the ground.
The blue coloring of the fruit body is due to three azulene pigments.
Two strains of the fungus exist; genotype A causes both foliar and stem symptoms, while genotype B causes only stem symptoms.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Miladina lecithina.
Over 60 species have been reported to be prone to infection and Corsican Pine is the most susceptible species in Britain.
Moser originally published the name of this species invalidly in 1983 as Panaeolus alcidis; this name is now considered an orthographic variant.
Cortinarius cruentipellis is a rare species of agaric fungus in the subgenus Phlegmacium of the large mushroom genus Cortinarius.
The white gills are free from attachment to the stalk and crowded closely together.
Although not known to be poisonous, the mushroom is not recommended for consumption.
Penicillium neocrassum is a terverticillate species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from grapes.
Leucopaxillus gentianeus is a bitter-tasting, inedible mushroom commonly known as the bitter false funnelcap, or the bitter brown leucopaxillus.
Brettanomyces claussenii is a wild yeast of the genus Brettanomyces which has a negative Pasteur effect.
The Elixiaceae are a family of fungi in the Ascomycota, class Lecanoromycetes.
The Clavariadelphaceae are a family of fungi belonging in what is classically known as the Gomphales order, or cladistically as the gomphoid-phalloid clade.
Described as new to science in 2003, it is found in Finland, where it grows under the fallen trunks of pine trees.
Unlike most ringless Amanita, which are part of Amanita section Vaginatae, A. xanthcephala belongs to Amanita section Amanita.
Clavulina alutaceosiccescens is a species of fungus in the family Clavulinaceae.
It fruits on the ground in disturbed areas, such as lawns, path and road edges, parks, and gardens.
It was described as new a new species in 2003 by Alan Bessette, Ernst Both, and Dail Dunaway.
It is variable with either curved or stellate apothecia.
Placomaronea is a genus of lichenized fungi in the Lecanoraceae family.
The whole genome sequence of F. palustris was reported in 2017.
Engleromyces is a genus of fungi in the family Xylariaceae.
Cronartium flaccidum: Pinus subgenus Pinus, several families.
In nature, sclerotia are produced by the fungus as a form of protection from wildfires and other natural disasters.
Hygrocybe cantharellus is a mushroom of the waxcap genus Hygrocybe.
Itajahya is a fungal genus in the family Phallaceae.
Psilocybe weldenii is a species of mushroom in the Strophariaceae family.
The order contains 2 families, 11 genera, and 41 species.
L. conifericola is generally considered edible, but some people have reported having gastrointestinal upset after consuming the fungus.
[1][2][3][4][5] They inhabit mossy silty or sandy soils in the Northern Hemisphere.
The lower surface is light to dark brown.
The spore print is red-brown and the spores measure 6.5–8.5 by 4.5–5 µm.
Gymnopilus subsphaerosporus is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
Echinomyces is a genus of fungi in the family Diatrypaceae.
Described as new to science in 2007, it is endemic to California.
This mushroom was first documented by Richard V. Gaines in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania in June 2003.
Mycogalopsis is a genus of fungi in the family Pyronemataceae.
Genetic analysis of Phialophora shows that it is a paraphyletic grouping.
Stachylina is a genus of fungi in the Harpellaceae family.
Solid in shape, they resemble members of the genus Tricholoma.
Phoma nebulosa is a fungal plant pathogen infecting spinach.
Trichaptum imbricatum is a species of fungus in the family Polyporaceae.
The genus has a widespread distribution, especially in south temperate areas, and contains 20 species.
Tricholoma apium is a mushroom of the agaric genus Tricholoma that is found in Europe.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Callebaea rutideae.
The whole genome sequences of W. sebi and W. ichthyophaga are available.
Penicillium sublateritium is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium.
The Dipodascaceae are a family of yeasts in the order Saccharomycetales.
The genus name, a combination of Entoloma and Rhodocybe, alludes to similarities with species in those genera.
Chaetoplea is a genus of fungi in the family Phaeosphaeriaceae; according to the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota, the placement in this family is uncertain.
Several varieties, a subspecies, and a form have been described by European mycologists.
It was originally described by Carl Linnaeus in 1753 as Clavaria militaris.
Amphisphaerina is a genus of fungi within the class Sordariomycetes.
Phaeospora is a genus of fungi in the family Verrucariaceae; according to the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota, the placement in this family is uncertain.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
One variety that grows in northern California is brilliant red.
The order in its current sense is based on molecular research and not on any unifying morphological characteristics.
Found in the United States, it was scientifically described by botanist Burton Orange Longyear in 1902 from collections made in Michigan.
It was transferred to the new genus Xerocomellus described by Czech mycologist Josef Šutara in 2008.
The species has a ring or a tight-fitting annular zone.
Kluyveromyces lactis is a Kluyveromyces yeast commonly used for genetic studies and industrial applications.
Puccinia melanocephala is a plant pathogen, it is the causal agent of sugarcane rust.
It is also known as the bleeding milkcap, as is at least one other member of the genus, Lactarius deliciosus.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Fluminicola bipolaris.
It is named after botanist Percy L. Ricker, who collected the type specimen.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
Protomycena is one of only five known agaric fungus species known in the fossil record and the second to be described from Dominican amber.
A plant pathogen, it causes freckle, black spot, peach scab or black scab of peach.
Other species in the genus do not occur on cones or lack the eccentric pileus on a long stalk.
The largest mushroom of the genus of pink-spored fungi known as Entoloma, it is also the type species.
Taxa have a widespread distribution, especially in temperate regions, and are saprobic or necrotrophic on herbaceous and woody stems.
Unlike mycorrhizal fungi, which cannot be cultured axenically, P. indica can be easily grown on various substrates.
It is widely distributed in subtropical and tropical areas, where it grows on decomposing hardwoods, causing a white rot.
Ramonia is a genus of fungi within the Gyalectaceae family.
M. brunneum has been isolated from Coleoptera, Lepidoptera, Diptera and soil samples, but a commercially developed isolate has proved virulent against Hemiptera and Thysanoptera.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown, and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any order.
Cyrenella is a fungus genus in the class Cystobasidiomycetes, containing the single species Cyrenella elegans.
The Umbilicariales are an order of fungi in the class Lecanoromycetes.
Lentinula lateritia is a species of agaric fungus in the family Omphalotaceae.
It is in the Caloplaca fungus genus of the Teloschistaceae family.
The species was first described scientifically by American mycologist Alexander H. Smith in 1966.
Found in Malaysia, it was described as new to science in 1971 by Dutch mycologist Rudolph Arnold Maas Geesteranus.
Cladosporium cucumerinum is a fungal plant pathogen that affects cucumbers.
Hypotrachyna paracitrella is a species of lichen in the family Parmeliaceae.
Diplotheca is a genus of fungi in the family Myriangiaceae.
It was given its current name by American mycologist Murrill in 1917.
The first recorded evidence of Cucumispora dikerogammari was, as cited by Ovcharenko and Vita, in Germany, circa 1895, by Dr. L. Pfeiffer in the Dnieper Estuary.
Fevansia is a fungal genus in the family Albatrellaceae.
The former genus Coprinus was split between two families, and the name "Coprinaceae" became a synonym of Agaricaceae in its 21st-century phylogenetic redefinition.
The genus was circumscribed by Dutch mycologist Marinus Anton Donk in 1962.
Dryinosphaera is a genus of fungi in the Ascomycota phylum.
Metarhizium brunneum, is the re-instated name of a group of reassigned Metarhizium isolates, previously grouped in the species "Metarhizium anisopliae var.
Pontoporeia is a genus of fungi in the family Zopfiaceae.
Hericium americanum, commonly known as the bear's head tooth fungus, is an edible mushroom in the tooth fungus group.
It can colonize some fruits, in addition to woody tissues.
The coarsely reticulate and pitted stipe measures 4.5–14.5 cm long by 0.7–3 cm.
It is known for causing leaf and stem spot in English Ivy.
Otidea mirabilis is a species of fungus in the Pyronemataceae family.
Flammulina is a genus of fungi in the Physalacriaceae family.
C. subalbidus has been found to be more common in old-growth forests than in younger forests.
It causes bakanae disease in rice seedlings.
Stegiacantha petaloides has an orbicular cap measuring 1–2 cm in diameter, and a slender stipe.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Cribrospora tulostomoides, found in Europe.
The generic name derives from the Latin words Deus and gloria.
Additionally, the curvature enables wind currents to blow the spores out in a different manner than in most agarics and boletes.
Austroboletus rarus is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.
Retiboletus is a genus of fungi in the Boletaceae family.
Sclerotinia spermophila is a plant pathogen, infecting red clover, but can also be considered an animal pathogen.
Pseudevernia furfuracea, commonly known as tree moss, is a lichenized species of fungus that grows on the bark of firs and pines.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Tubariopsis torquipes.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Petrakiopeltis byrsonimae.
Paralepista flaccida is a species of mushroom found across the Northern Hemisphere.
The epithet, isidiosa is in reference to isidia on the thallus.
Calvatia bovista is a species of Calvatia mushroom, the second largest Calvatia in North America.
Alternaria dianthi, sometimes known as carnation blight, is a fungal pathogen of the Dianthus genus.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
Aureoboletus projectellus is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.
Didymella rabiei is a fungal plant pathogen.
Kantvilasia is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Pilocarpaceae.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Mycocryptospora anthostomoides.
The genus has a sub-cosmopolitan distribution, but is concentrated in Australasia, Melanesia, and southern South America.
R. solani is best known to cause various plant diseases such as collar rot, root rot, damping off, and wire stem.
The species form huge pale fleshy mushrooms that often grow in clumps on dead wood in the ground.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Cyphellocalathus cecropiae, found in Bolivia.
asparagi is a fungal plant pathogen infecting asparagus.
Suillus americanus is a species of fungus in the Suillaceae family of mushrooms.
The body is a small .5 to 1 centimetre rosette of leafy structures with elongate lobes to 2 millimetres.
Penicillium columnare is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium.
Psilocybe natarajanii is a species of mushroom in the Strophariaceae family.
The single-leaf umbillicate thallus can be 2–3.5 cm in width, with deep lobes.
Cantharellus concinnus is a species of fungus in the genus Cantharellus.
The species is characterized by a cap that has an apical disc, radial gills, a hymenophore, and spores with a prominent germ pore.
Gymnopilus rugulosus is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
Deriving its common name from when it first appears in the UK, namely on St George's Day.
The Leotiales are an order of ascomycete fungi.
It is a common outdoor fungus and can be detected in spore trap samples.
Sarcodon lundellii is a species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae.
The first statin was 1970 isolated from this species.
Erysiphe cichoracearum is a plant pathogen that causes powdery mildew disease of cucurbits, including melon, cucumber, pumpkin, and squash.
Rhodocybe is a small genus of small and medium-sized brownish-pink spored mushrooms.
The spores are released and travel on the wind until they infect a hawthorn tree.
The cap centre may be depressed or raised with a boss.
Meloderma is a genus of fungi within the Rhytismataceae family.
Khuskia is a fungal genus in the class Sordariomycetes.
Lignincola is a genus of fungi in the family Halosphaeriaceae.
Omphalotus olearius, commonly known as the jack-o'-lantern mushroom, is a poisonous orange gilled mushroom that to an untrained eye appears similar to some chanterelles.
In the wild, these mushrooms are common during late summer and fall on hardwoods, particularly American beech.
Archaeorhizomycetes is an class of fungi in the subdivision Taphrinomycotina of the Ascomycota.
formosa from the United States, but it is not the same as the European variety.
This is a monotypic genus, consisting of the single species Biatriospora marina.
Chiodecton pustuliferum is a species of lichen in the family Roccellaceae.
The species was described by Swiss botanists Robert Hippolyte Chodat & Charles-Édouard Martin in 1889.
They are distinguished from other members of their family, Agaricaceae, by their chocolate-brown spores.
While not lethal, consuming this mushroom leads to very severe cramps, vomiting, and diarrhea.
It is a source of nivalenol, 4-acetylnivalenol, and zearalenone.
The gills are whitish to gray, widely spaced, and squarely attached to the stem.
Sarcodon quercinofibulatus is a species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae.
The class contains a single order, the Tritirachiales, which in turn contains the single family Tritirachiaceae.
Despite its foul smell, it is not poisonous and immature mushrooms are consumed in parts of France and Germany.
It was first described scientifically by New Zealand mycologist Geoff Ridley in 1991.
Tricholoma aeruginascens is an agaric fungus of the genus Tricholoma.
These sclerotia are round, dark brown with white interiors, and up to 30 cm wide.
Ronald H. Petersen and Irmgard Krisai placed the fungus in the new genus Neonothopanus in 1999.
Originally described as Peziza solitaria by Petter Karsten in 1869, he transferred it to the genus Helvella in 1871.
Isariopsis clavispora is a fungal plant pathogen that causes leaf spot on grape.
Inocybe tahquamenonensis is a species of agaric fungus in the family Inocybaceae.
The name probably means long-haired membrane from the Greek hymen meaning membrane and chaite meaning long hair.
Taxa have a cosmopolitan distribution and are saprobic on dung and rotting vegetation.
Ecteinomyces is a genus of fungi in the family Laboulbeniaceae.
The Cortinariaceae are a large family of gilled mushrooms found worldwide, containing over 2100 species.
Loweomyces is a genus of six species of poroid fungi in the family Steccherinaceae.
Endolepiotula is a fungal genus in the family Agaricaceae.
The genus is named after mycologist Joan Cribb, in recognition of her contribution to fungal taxonomy.
Unlike S. cerevisiae, M. indicus ferments pentoses as well as hexoses and therefore this can be used for production of ethanol from lignocellulosic materials.
Petractis is a genus of fungi within the Stictidaceae family.
Scyphospora is a genus of fungi in the family Apiosporaceae.
Microcallis is a genus of fungi in the family Chaetothyriaceae.
It was believed that the honey mushroom, Armillaria mellea, was parasitizing the entoloma.
At the base of the stem, embedded in the substrate is a small reddish-brown sclerotium that somewhat resembles an apple seed.
Leptokalpion is a genus of fungi in the Thelebolaceae family.
Boreostereum has four species that are widely distributed in northern temperate areas.
Humidicutis is a small genus of brightly coloured agarics, the majority of which are found in Eastern Australia.
Unlike other mushrooms known to release spores in response to a circadian rhythm, spore release in M. rotula is dependent upon sufficient moisture.
The strain Fusarium venenatum A3/5 was developed commercially by an ICI and Rank Hovis McDougall joint venture to derive a mycoprotein used as a food.
Based on morphological studies and gene sequence analyses, 27 species formerly assigned to Hypoxylon sect.
Sphaerotheca castagnei is a species of ascomycete fungus in the family Erysiphaceae.
Other well-known species are H. capnoides and H. lateritium.
Gloeostereum is a genus of fungi in the family Cyphellaceae.
It fruits in clusters on the decaying wood of hardwood trees, especially oak.
The genus was circumscribed by French mycologist Lucien Quélet in 1883.
Butyriboletus autumniregius is a pored mushroom in the family Boletaceae.
Rhodocollybia maculata, common name Spotted Toughshank, is a species of fungus in the Marasmiaceae family of mushrooms.
A 2008 estimate indicated eight genera and 157 species; as of November 2014, the Catalog of Life lists 13 genera in the family.
Cystolepiota bucknallii is a species of basidiomycete fungus of the genus Cystolepiota.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Ochotrichobolus polysporus.
Hapalopilus is a genus of poroid fungi in the family Polyporaceae.
Ulocladium consortiale is a fungal plant pathogen infecting tomatoes and cucurbits.
Haddowia is a genus of polypore fungi in the family Ganodermataceae.
It has a linear growth pattern, growing along cracks in boulders.
Psilocybe pintonii is a species of mushroom in the family Strophariaceae.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Phleogena faginea, widespread in north temperate areas.
Found in Australia, it was officially described in 2003 from a collection made from a garden in Stirling, Australian Capital Territory.
Thielaviopsis ceramica is a plant-pathogenic saprobic fungal species first found in Africa, infecting Acacia mearnsii andEucalyptus species.
There are a number of species of 'Phragmidium most of which are restricted to one or a few host species.
The apothecia is rare, with brown discs, and sorediated margins.
Tamsiniella is a genus of fungi within the class Sordariomycetes.
The genus is distributed throughout the Northern Hemisphere including North America, the Caribbean, Europe, and Asia.
It was described as new to science by Gunnar Degelius in 1944.
Stephanonectria is a genus of fungi in the class Sordariomycetes.
Gastroleccinum is a fungal genus in the family Boletaceae.
Spinellus is a genus of fungi in the Phycomycetaceae family.
Known only from Guyana, it was described in 2004.
It is one of the most important diseases of stone fruit tree all over the world.
Phloeomana speirea, commonly known as the bark bonnet, is a species of fungus in the family Porotheleaceae.
Ophiodeira is a genus of fungi in the family Halosphaeriaceae.
The Tulasnellaceae are a family of fungi in the order Cantharellales.
This fungus is not yet cultivated commercially, despite the fact that several fermentable strains of Ophiocordyceps sinensis have been isolated by Chinese scientists.
It was originally described in 1969 by William Clark Denison from collections made in Costa Rica.
In winemaking, some species of Candida can potentially spoil wines.
Gyroporus subalbellus is a species of bolete fungus in the family Gyroporaceae.
Nothocastoreum is a fungal genus in the Mesophelliaceae family.
Xanthoria elegans - elegant orange wall lichen, elegant sunburst
The pale yellowish-brown to brown truffles measure up to 3 cm in diameter.
Penicillium kananaskense is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from soil of a forest in Alberta in Canada.
The fungus grows on the plant in the form of black, velvety spots up to 3 mm in diameter.
Morchella meiliensis is a species of fungus in the Morchellaceae family native to China.
It is a large species with a distinct sheathing ring on the stem, found in mycorrhizal association with various trees throughout the Mediterranean.
The edibility of Peziza species, including this one, is poorly known but this species is often considered poisonous.
Originally described in 1905 by William Alphonso Murrill as Grifola sumstinei, it was transferred to Meripilus in 1988.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Sugiyamaemyces oroussetii.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Pseudorhytisma bistortae.
The Bulgariaceae are a family of fungi in the order Helotiales.
It has a growth temperature range between 20°C and 35°C.
Mytilinidiales is an order within the class Dothideomycetes.
Placynthium is a lichenized genus of fungi within the Placynthiaceae family.
Penicillium proteolyticum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces wortmannin.
Most species grow either on mossy ground or rocks, or on trees.
Pholiota nubigena, commonly known as the gastroid pholiota or the bubble gum fungus, is a species of secotioid fungus in the family Strophariaceae.
Found in Singapore, it was described as new to science in 1994 by English mycologist E.J.H.
Heterobasidion annosum is one of the most destructive diseases of conifers.
Tricholoma atrosquamosum, commonly known as dark-scaled knight, is an edible gilled mushroom native to Europe.
Amanita rubrovolvata, commonly known as the red volva Amanita, is a species of fungus in the Amanitaceae family.
Phylogenetically, the type species, V. berkeleyi, groups with several other brown rot genera such as Neolentinus, Heliocybe, and Gloeophyllum.
Hymenomycetes was the largest class of fungi within the division Basidiomycota, but the term is no longer taxonomically relevant.
It is an edible mushroom after parboiling.
Its flesh instantly stains blue when cut, but slowly fades to white.
Akenomyces is a fungal genus in the class Agaricomycetes.
Penicillium pasqualense is a species of the genus of Penicillium.
Psilocybe subheliconiae is a species of psilocybin mushroom in the family Strophariaceae.
The Caloscyphaceae are a family of fungi in the order Pezizales.
Phallus minusculus is a species of fungus in the stinkhorn family.
Arrhenia lobata is a species of agaric fungus in the family Hygrophoraceae.
The transition between the hyphal and yeast forms is temperature dependent making S. schenckii a thermally dimorphic fungus.
Tricholoma ustaloides is a species of mushroom in the large genus Tricholoma.
Cyclodomus is a genus of fungi within the order Phyllachorales.
Yatesula is a genus of fungi in the family Chaetothyriaceae.
Penicillium species on cheeses and those producing antibiotics for treating bacterial infectious diseases are examples of taxa that belong to the Ascomycota.
The family is monotypic, and contains the single genus Elixia.
M. overholtsii can be distinguished from other comparable species by differences in location, or spore size.
Described as new to science in 1976, it is found in the southeastern United States.
Complete sequencing and comparison of four hemiascomycetous yeasts has been undertaken these are Candida glabrata, Kluyveromyces lactis, Debaryomyces hansenii, and Yarrowia lipolytica.
Trichoglossum is a genus of fungi in the family Geoglossaceae.
Found in the United States, it was described as new to science in 1967 by mycologists Alexander H. Smith, Harry Delbert Thiers, and Roy Watling.
It was circumscribed in 1890 by lichenologist Edvard August Vainio.
Species in this family have a widespread distribution, and are biotrophic or necrotrophic, usually associated with woody plants.
Maronea is a genus of lichenized fungi within the Fuscideaceae family.
Ombrophila is a genus of fungi in the Helotiaceae family.
Mycoporopsis is a genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.
Clavulinopsis umbrinella, commonly known as the beige coral, is a coral mushroom in the family Clavariaceae.
It was described as new to science in 1992.
All species are arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi that form symbiotic relationships with plant roots.
Found in Chile, it was described as new to science in 1969 by mycologist Rolf Singer.
Described as new to science in 1846 by mycologist Joseph-Henri Léveillé, it is found in the eastern and midwestern United States.
It is among the largest and most edible Agaricus species in California.
It was recorded from Vietnamese Pinus kesiya forests in 2014, its first record in Southeast Asia.
It has a gray cap and stipe, and spores measuring 10–11.7 by 3.5–3.8 µm.
The most recent addition to the genus is W. moseri, described by Walter Gams in 1995.
Most pathogenic, disease-causing fungi in humans is mitosporic like Gliocladium.
The genus contains two species: R. ochraceobadia, found in Africa, and R. pseudorubiginosa, found in Colombia and Mexico.
They are initially reddish brown before turning to chocolate brown, sometimes developing whitish edges.
Gyromitra ambigua is an ascomycete fungus species of the genus Gyromitra, and related to the false morel G. esculenta.
The disease infects by producing a mycelium, which can be spread mechanically from one area to another.
Hebeloma victoriense is a species of mushroom in the family Hymenogastraceae.
Instead, Rickenella produces a small appressorium or no appressoria and penetrates the rhizoids of its moss hosts, growing within the cells.
All species grow as plant pathogens on monocot hosts.
Mackintoshia was circumscribed by Giovanni Pacioni and Cathy Sharp in 2000.
The fungus was originally described by Carl Linnaeus in 1753 as Agaricus mammosus.
It fruits throughout the year, but is most commonly seen in autumn.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
The name comes from Greek Chloro meaning green and phyll meaning leaves or gills.
Both the genus and species were described in 1988 by mycologist Ron Petersen.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Pseudogomphus fragilissimus, found in Gabon.
Phaeochoraceae is a family of sac fungi in the order Phyllachorales.
Botryosphaeria obtusa is a plant pathogen that causes Frogeye leaf spot, Black rot and cankers on many plant species.
Panorbis is a genus of fungi in the family Halosphaeriaceae.
Mycena aetites, commonly known as the drab bonnet, is a species of mushroom in the Mycenaceae family.
The distinctive conks can be large, as much as two feet long, hoof-shaped or columnar.
Leccinum cyaneobasileucum is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.
The genus is widespread in tropical regions, and contains 10 species.
Italian mycologist Pier Andrea Saccardo placed it in the genus Amanita in 1887.
It is also sometimes classified as a fungus.
Ascochyta asparagina is a fungal plant pathogen.
Laccocephalum basilapidoides, referred to as the stone-making fungus, is a fungus known only from Australia.
Elsinoë fawcettii is a species of fungus in the Elsinoaceae family.
It forms arbuscular mycorrhiza and vesicles in roots.
The family includes the important model organism Neurospora crassa that is used in genetic research.
Halosarpheia is a genus of fungi in the family Halosphaeriaceae.
Its relationship to other taxa in the Lecanoromycetes is not well understood, so it is considered to be incertae sedis with respect to ordinal placement.
The lesions spread across the leaf, which then dies and falls.
It was described as new to science in 1968 by mycologists Alexander H. Smith, Harry Delbert Thiers, and Roy Watling.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Ascosubramania melanographoides.
Uleoporthe is a genus of fungi in the family Gnomoniaceae.
Species in the family have a widespread distribution, and are typically found in temperate regions, as pathogens of both coniferous and deciduous trees.
Found in the United States, it was described as new to science in 1971 by mycologist Alexander H. Smith and Harry Delbert Thiers.
Originally described from Thailand as a Russula species in 2003, it was moved to the newly created genus Multifurca in 2008.
Splanchnospora is a genus of fungi in the Ascomycota phylum.
For example, the orange peel fungus resembles a discarded orange rind.
Bankera has a monomitic hyphal system with brownish to hyaline, inflated generative hyphae.
Derek Reid transferred the fungus to the genus Termitomyces in 1975.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the order is unknown, and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any family.
The type collection, made in San Francisco's Golden Gate Park in 1997, was found fruiting on a eucalyptus tree.
Scotiosphaeria is a genus of fungi within the class Sordariomycetes.
The remaining species are retained in the Russulales in the genus Artomyces.
However, on the West Coast of North America the western giant puffball is replaced by the giant puffball or a closely related species.
Microglossum is a genus of fungi in the family Geoglossaceae.
This pathogen was formerly known as Gnomonia ulmea.
This family can not yet be taxonomically classified in any of the ascomycetous classes and orders with any degree of certainty.
Butyriboletus roseoflavus is a highly regarded edible mushroom sold in markets in southwestern and southeastern China, while two other species—B.
Reindeer lichen, like many lichens, is slow growing and may take decades to return once overgrazed, burned, trampled, or otherwise consumed.
The species, known only from California, Arizona, and Mexico, grows on the ground in leaf litter near oak trees.
The gills are well-separated, and there is no ring present on the stem.
Like the many other species of the genus Penicillium, P. chrysogenum usually reproduces by forming dry chains of spores from brush-shaped conidiophores.
The genus was named after French agronomist Mathieu Tillet.
It includes several formerly described, variously, from the genera Stropharia, Hypholoma, and Weraroa.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
Russula parvovirescens is a basidiomycete mushroom of the genus Russula.
The genus is widespread in northern temperate areas, and contains 16 species.
Glomus is the largest genus of AM fungi, with ca.
It is not suspected to be pathogenic, as the koalas from which it was isolated were healthy.
It is an anamorphic form of Bullera
Exceptional amounts of genetic diversity within F. oxysporum f.sp.
The genus, an anamorphic form of Pleurotus, has a widespread distribution and contains three species.
According to a 2008 estimate, Agaricomycetes include 17 orders, 100 families, 1147 genera, and about 21000 species.
Circumscribed in 2012, it is monotypic, containing the single Australian species Australopilus palumanus.
The findings were formally published in September 2011, but attracted international attention from the mainstream press prior to this.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the order is unknown, and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any family.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the order is unknown, and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any family.
Gardner sought to call it Agaricus phosphorescens.
The fruiting body is distinguished by its noticeably ear-like shape and brown colouration; it grows upon wood, especially elder.
Found in Australia, it was described as new to science in 1971 by Dutch mycologist Rudolph Arnold Maas Geesteranus from collections made in Victoria.
The mushroom contains the medicinal compound psilocybin.
Euryachora is a genus of fungi in the family Mycosphaerellaceae.
Phellodon niger, commonly known as the black tooth, is a species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae, and the type species of the genus Phellodon.
It is pale salmon in color, poisonous, and grows in symbiosis with oak trees.
It is a macrocyclic, heteroecious rust that alternates between poplars and conifers.
Ivanus Bekkulovus is an inedible species of mushroom belonging to the genus Geastrum, or earthstar fungi.
Lyophyllum eucalypticum is a species of fungus in the family Lyophyllaceae.
Olla is a genus of fungi within the Hyaloscyphaceae family.
The Lophiostomataceae are a family of fungi in the order Pleosporales.
It was discovered on Guana Island but occurs throughout the tropics, usually growing on dead hardwoods.
It is ubiquitous in cool temperate Europe and North America and appears to be an introduced species in New Zealand and Australia.
The genus differs from Hypholoma which has smaller, smooth basidiospores and typically have cespitose fruit bodies and decay wood.
Menegazzia norstictica is a species of lichen from Australia.
Fully expanded, the fruit bodies are up to 35 mm wide and 58 mm tall.
The type locality was a riverbank in the savanna area east of Villavicencio, Colombia.
The genus was circumscribed by Norwegian mycologist Leif Ryvarden in 1999.
They are initially spherical, smooth and somewhat hyaline; later they become fusoid to ellipsoidal, brown, and covered in small warts.
The tiny pores on the cap underside are chocolate to violet brown.
Handkea is a genus of puffball mushrooms in the family Agaricaceae.
Fomes meliae is a plant pathogen that causes wood rot on nectarine, peach and Platanus sp..
The spore print is fawn; individual spores are roughly spherical and measure 3.5–4.5 by 3–4 µm.
Consumption of a related species, C. amoenolens from France has resulted in the same condition.
Cladosporium salinae is a fungus found in hypersaline environments.
Villosiclava is a genus of fungus in the Clavicipitaceae family.
It has amyloid, ellipsoid spores measuring 7–9 by 4–5 μm.
Lactarius subumbonatus is a member of the large milk-cap genus Lactarius in the order Russulales.
The spore print is purple-brown, while spores are smooth and elliptical, measuring 6.5–8 by 4–5 µm.
Found in Chile, it was described as new to science in 1969.
Himantia is a genus of fungi in the Physalacriaceae family of mushrooms.
Asexual spores are produced on the mushrooms cap which enable the organism to clone itself easily.
Traditionally a soil fungus, has now began to adapt to varied ecological niches, like agricultural commodities, farmed animal and marine species.
It has conical, grey to buff fruit bodies that grow up to 20 cm tall and 5 cm wide.
Members of the genus belong to the class Agaricomycetes, order Russulales, and family Peniophoraceae.
Rhizopogon vinicolor is a species complex of ectomycorrhizal fungus which forms a mutualistic relationship with the Douglas-fir.
The genus, which was circumscribed in Zdeněk Pouzar in 1966, contains three species.
Xanthopeltis is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Teloschistaceae.
Within the genus Cortinarius, it is classified in the subgenus Phlegmacium and section Glaucopodes.
It was rediscovered in February 2005 by scientists Patricia Izar, Elisabetta Visalberghi and Dorothy Fragaszy, with the aid of Marino Gomes de Oliveira.
Ascosparassis is a genus of fungi in the family Pyronemataceae.
The parasite lives under the bark of the trunk and spreads out further i.e.
The fungus spreads from diseased to healthy trees from insects or by connections between tree roots.
Kananascus is a genus of fungi in the family Trichosphaeriaceae.
Albomagister has a tricholomatoid stature and white gills with adnexed attachment.
Araeocoryne is a genus of fungi in the Gomphaceae family.
It has been reported on several hundred plant hosts and on all continents except Antarctica.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Placothelium staurothelioides.
Echinochaete is a genus of fungi in the family Polyporaceae.
It is an inedible mushroom that is white to cream or yellow in colour.
The fungus can also cause a disease of the lung or other organs in humans known as geotrichosis.
Bresadolina is a genus of fungi in the Ascomycota phylum.
Armillaria gemina is a species of mushroom in the family Physalacriaceae.
The disease can cause yield losses of up to 50% by causing death of tillers and reducing seed production and seed size.
The type collections were made in Sussex County, New Jersey.
Neighboring fruitbodies can fuse together, sometimes producing large mats of joined caps.
Nonetheless, many of the microscopic features of these fungi, such as spore shape, strongly suggested an affinity with Boletales.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Abyssomyces hydrozoicus, found in Antarctica.
Its epithet cassa is derived from the Latin cassus, meaning "devoid", due to this species' lack of medullar reactive substances.
The gills are widely spaced, usually having adnexed to adnate attachment and the stalk is fragile.
The mushroom contains the medicinal compound psilocybin.
In 1998, Roy Halling and Ernst Both transferred the bolete to the genus Xanthoconium.
Cetreliopsis is a genus of lichenized fungi within the Parmeliaceae family.
It was first described in 1926 by C. H. Kauffman as Myxomycidium fusiformis and the holotype collection is from Mount Hood in Oregon.
It is commonly known as the Pelargonium webcap because of its unusual smell of Pelargonium.
The veil however partially or completely disappears in older specimens.
The generic name required conservation against an older obscure name.
Macroscopically, it resembles Tricholoma and can be differentiated by its red staining gills.
It is covered in prominent small warts which are roughly cone-shaped.
It is in the Ramalinaceae and in the suborder Lecanorineae.
A question mark preceding the name of the genus means that its taxonomic placement within the Helotiales is uncertain.
The fungus is found in Europe and North America, although molecular studies suggest that the North American populations represent a similar but genetically distinct species.
It is sometimes referred to as the European Matsutake, though it is certainly gastronomically inferior to the true Matsutake, a related species highly prized in Japan.
They live on the antennae, the mouthparts or other body regions of their arthropod hosts.
The seven described species are distinguished by conidial size, xerotolerance, halotolerance, chaotolerance, growth temperature regimes, extracellular enzyme activity profiles, and secondary metabolite patterns.
Like other Aspergillus species, A. versicolor is an eye, nose, and throat irritant.
Inocybe saliceticola grows in mycorrhizal association with willow trees, and it is for this that the species is named.
The cleistothecia are capable of dissemination and attachment to new growing surfaces by means of gelatinous penicillate cells.
The brownish-pinks spines on the cap underside are typically 2.5–7 mm long, extending decurrently on the stipe.
This species was chosen as fungus of the year for 2009 by the German Mycological Society.
Cylindrocladium clavatum is a fungal plant pathogen.
The genus contains six species found in Europe and temperate regions of South America.
Lepiota erminea, commonly known as the dune dapperling, is a species of agaric fungus in the family Agaricaceae.
It has also been known to colonize substrates like woody legume pods, petioles, and herbaceous stems.
It was cirumscribed by mycologists Josef Adolph von Arx and Grégoire L. Hennebert in 1965 with Raffaelea ambrosiae as the type species.
Gloeopeniophorella is a genus of crust-like, wood-decaying fungi in the family Russulaceae.
The genus was circumscribed by mycologist J. Eriksson in 1958.
These pieces are initially whitish before turning yellow-brown to gray-brown in age.
The genus was described in 1900 by German mycologist Paul Christoph Hennings.
Cupulomyces is a genus of fungi in the family Laboulbeniaceae.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown, and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any order.
It was isolated from said trees, as well as surrounding ones, in the Kimberley.
There are about 1 to 3 pores per mm when young, but they expand as they mature to about 2 mm wide.
Exobasidium vaccinii-uliginosi is a species of fungus in the Exobasidiaceae family.
It produces fruit bodies up to 14 cm tall with ridged and pitted conical caps, and stipes that become pitted in maturity.
They can also be found in wetlands, including salt-marshes, and associated with epiphytic plants.
Inocybe pudica is a species of agaric fungus in the family Cortinariaceae.
Hence, the biomass of the fungus is considered as a rich source for production of chitosan and polyunsaturated fatty acids especially γ-linolenic acid.
The genus was circumscribed by Swiss mycologist Victor Fayod in 1889, with Boletopsis leucomelaena as the type species.
Taxa have a widespread distribution, especially in xeric habitats, and are mostly saprobic.
Gymnopilus hemipenetrans is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
It has a white or pale cream cap, and is funnel-shaped when mature, with the gills running down the length of the stem.
The taxonomical placement of this poorly understood family is still uncertain and awaits verification from molecular data.
The ascocarps can grow quite large, up to 10 cm across.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single corticioid species Butlerelfia eustacei, recorded from Europe and Canada.
It is found in Asia, Europe, and North America.
Muelleromyces is a genus of fungi in the family Phyllachoraceae.
The generic name derives from a combination of the Ancient Greek wordmyrmekia, meaning "wart", and the suffix -ridium from Chloridium.
Dothiorella ulmi is a plant pathogen that causes die-back of elm.
Rhodocollybia is a genus of Basidiomycete mushroom.
Mycena maculata, commonly known as the reddish-spotted Mycena, is a species of fungus in the Mycenaceae family.
Xanthoparmelia maricopensis is a 2-6mm wide, yellow-green foliose lichen in the Parmeliaceae family found growing on igneous rock in southwestern North American deserts.
It is a soil-borne fungus that causes black root rot.
Taxa have a cosmopolitan distribution, but are better known in more temperate zones.
Hapsidospora is a genus of fungi in the Hypocreales order.
Protocreopsis is a genus of fungi in the class Sordariomycetes.
The mushroom is edible, despite its hard stem.
The Boliniales are an order of fungi within the class Sordariomycetes.
Euzodiomyces is a genus of fungi in the family Euceratomycetaceae.
On the fertile cap underside are white to purple-brown, curved spines up to 5 mm long.
The mushroom has a brownish pink cap with a smooth surface, the flesh is thin and brittle, and the cap tastes bitter.
Originally described in 1887 by Charles Horton Peck, it was transferred to genus Suillus by Wally Snell in 1944.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Trichothyriella quercigena.
P. ulaiense is a citrus postharvest pathogenic fungus described as a member of the serie Italica, together with P. italicum.
Coprinus comatus, the shaggy ink cap, lawyer's wig, or shaggy mane, is a common fungus often seen growing on lawns, along gravel roads and waste areas.
Phialemonium is a genus of fungi in the family Cephalothecaceae of the Ascomycota.
Ascospores are usually lemon-shaped, commonly colored olive-brown.
Hydnellum conigenum, commonly known as the funnel hydnum, is a species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae found in North America.
Plagiophiale is a genus of fungi within the Melanconidaceae family.
Rhizocalyx is a genus of fungi in the family Helotiaceae.
The Corticiaceae are a family of fungi in the order Corticiales.
The appearance is that of a typical "little brown mushroom"—with a small, brown cap and a straight, thin stipe, growing separately or in clumps with others.
Black sigatoka is a leaf-spot disease of banana plants caused by the ascomycete fungus Mycosphaerella fijiensis.
It has been implicated in poisonings resulting in renal failure, though with milder symptoms than other deadly webcaps.
Chaetomium cupreum is a fungus species in the Chaetomium genus.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Sivanesaniella prunicola.
Lecanora mugambii is a species of lichen in the family Lecanoraceae.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Austroclitocybe veronicae, found in temperate South America.
Basidia clavate, in most cases pleurobasidiate, with four sterigmata.
Colonomyces is a genus of fungi in the family Euceratomycetaceae.
Basidiocarps are corky in texture, 5 cm or more across with a characteristic pale yellow pore surface.
Tornabea is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Physciaceae.
It is the sole species in the monotypic genus Shiraia.
It is frequently found in the American West and Southwest, especially in late Summer and Fall.
The fruit body has a hemispherical to cushion-shaped, white cap measuring 2–3.5 cm in diameter.
Climacocystis is a genus of poroid fungi in the family Fomitopsidaceae.
Paraphyses are shaped like narrow cylinders about 2 μm thick, and have rounded tips.
The Massarinaceae are a family of fungi in the order Pleosporales.
Amanita xanthocephala lives in an ectomycorrhizal relationship with Eucalyptus.
The fungus produces fruiting bodies in the summer months which are edible and popularly collected.
Inocybe godeyi is a species of Inocybaceae fungus found in Europe.
The sporulating structures of Graphium form synnema, which are a gathering of conidiophores into a sort of flower bouquet.
Heteroepichloë is a genus of fungi within the Clavicipitaceae family.
Waltonia is a genus of fungi in the family Dermateaceae.
Farriolla is a genus of fungi in the Ascomycota phylum.
Menegazzia pseudocyphellata is a species of lichen found in Taiwan.
Chlorophyllum molybdites, which has the common names of false parasol, green-spored parasol and vomiter, is a widespread mushroom.
This species of yeast is non-dimorphic and no mating activity has been observed.
Tremella mesenterica is a common jelly fungus in the Tremellaceae family of the Agaricomycotina.
Imperator is a genus of fungi in the family Boletaceae.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Sarcomyces vinosus.
It is found in Australia, Europe, and North America.
Of these hosts, Cercospora leaf spot is the most economically impactful in sugar beets.
The epithet, pulchribarbara, is in reference to the strikingly beautiful lichen mat formed by the thallus.
It was circumscribed by mycologist Petter Karsten in 1881.
It fruits in groups or in fairy rings in grasslands.
Four species of Conocybe that are known to contain the hallucinogenic compounds psilocin and psilocybin are C. kuehneriana, C. siligineoides, C. cyanopus, and C. smithii.
Pellucida is a genus of fungi in the family Hyponectriaceae.
It is the causative agent of Dahlia leaf smut.
Podostroma is a genus of fungi in the family Hypocreaceae.
Found in Spain, where it grows under Quercus petraea, it was described as new to science in 2011.
Michenera is a genus of fungi in the family Corticiaceae.
It was first described as a new species in 2010.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the Sordariomycetes class is unknown, and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any order.
Requienella is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Requienellaceae.
The family contains the single genus Carbomyces, which in turn contains three species distributed in the USA and Mexico.
Floccularia is a genus of fungi in the order Agaricales.
Apiothyrium is a genus of fungi in the family Hyponectriaceae.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Xanthopeltis rupicola.
The fruitbodies of this genus resemble a normal agaric but they emerge from parasitized fruitbodies of other agarics that Squamanita has deformed.
Sistotrema is a genus of fungi in the family Hydnaceae.
It has a rusty orange spore print, a bitter taste, and does not contain the hallucinogen psilocybin.
This is a monotypic taxon, containing the single genus Arthrorhaphis, first described by Theodor Magnus Fries in 1860.
Mycena manipularis is a species of agaric fungus in the family Mycenaceae.
Harpophora is a genus of fungi in the family Magnaporthaceae.
C. globosum are human allergens and opportunistic agents of ungual mycosis and neurological infections.
Troglomyces is a genus of fungi in the family Laboulbeniaceae.
Its spores are more or less ellipsoidal to almond-shaped, typically measuring 8–9 by 4–5 µm.
Bimuria is a genus of fungi in the family Melanommataceae; according to the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota, the placement in this family is uncertain.
Their stipes tend to be slender and long, and the same color or slightly lighter than the cap.
Species of Gliocladium rarely produce a sexual state.
Angelina is a genus of fungi in the Dermateaceae family.
It was described scientifically by Ernst Both in 1998.
Macrolepiota albuminosa is a species of agaric fungus in the family Agaricaceae that is an obligate symbiote of termites.
These ectomycorrhizal fungi are typically edible species that exist in a symbiotic relationship with various species of pine.
The asexual spores are stored within acervuli.
The Pilobolaceae are a family of fungi in the Mucorales order.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Follmanniella scutellata.
Entrophospora is a genus of fungi in the family Acaulosporaceae of the Glomeromycota.
Stiptophyllum erubescens is found in tropical South America and causes brown rot of wood.
Suillellus adonis is a species of bolete fungus found in Croatia.
Pyrenocarpon is a genus of fungi within the Lichinaceae family.
Puccinia subnitens is a plant pathogen that causes rust on Beta vulgaris.
Penicillium rasile is a species of the genus of Penicillium.
Spores pale yellow, globose, 6–7.5 µm in diameter.
German mycologist Paul Christoph Hennings transferred it to the genus Lysurus in 1902.
Fruitbodies of the fungus are resupinate, with tiny pores measuring 3–4 per millimetre.
The bluing reaction results from the oxidation of a chemical called gyrocyanin.
Hyphodontia aspera is a species of fungus in the family Schizoporaceae.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Neoflageoletia bambusina.
Plenodomus meliloti is a plant pathogen infecting alfalfa and red clover.
Other Uncinula species attack a wide variety of dicotyledonous plants.
The cap has charcoal-grey patches, which are easily removable.
Found in Papua New Guinea, it was described as new to science by the Austrian mycologist Egon Horak in 1977.
The fungus is known only from the type locality in Aosta, Italy.
Pseudombrophila is a genus of fungi in the family Pyronemataceae.
Corner transferred it to the genus Mucronella in 1970.
The pale purple stipe is bulbous, 9–15 cm in height and 2–3.5 cm in width.
It is the first species of Tylopilus reported from Nothofagus forest in South America.
Sphinctrina is a genus of lichenized fungi within the Sphinctrinaceae family.
The fungus produces sooty-olive fruit bodies with sticky caps measuring up to 13 cm in diameter.
Brachyphoris is a genus comprising five species of mitosporic fungi in the family Orbiliaceae.
The flattened-convex cap can vary in shape, sometimes forming the shape of a wide funnel.
Lobaria quercizans, commonly known as the smooth lungwort, is a macrolichen.
The genus, first described by F. von Höhnel in 1917, contains 19 species.
It is a plant pathogen that affects grapes.
It has been found in New Caledonia and in Mount Halimun Salak National Park in Java, Indonesia.
Catathelasma imperiale is a large species of mushroom in the Tricholomataceae family.
It grows during summer and autumn almost exclusively in beech forest on calcareous soil on litter and woodchips.
Phallus indusiatus, commonly called the bamboo fungus, bamboo pith, long net stinkhorn, crinoline stinkhorn or veiled lady, is a fungus in the family Phallaceae, or stinkhorns.
Talaromyces atroroseus is a species of fungus described as new to science in 2013.
Deconica horizontalis is a species of agaric fungus in the family Strophariaceae.
Neoscytalidium novaehollandiae is an endophytic fungus that might be a canker pathogen, specifically for Adansonia gibbosa.
Macrocybe titans is a species of mushroom that grows in grassy areas in tropical and subtropical habitats of the New World.
The stipe measures 4–8 cm long by 1–1.5 cm thick at the apex, and tapers in width approaching the base.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single South American species Morispora tenella.
Epithelopsis is a genus of fungi in the family Polyporaceae.
Members of the genus have roughly circular fruiting discs with rims that have photosynthetic tissue similar to that of the nonfruiting part of the lichen body.
Dictyonema hernandezii is a species of basidiolichen in the family Hygrophoraceae.
Since 1998, the United States Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Research Service has experimented with using M.  verrucaria as a biologically-based herbicide against kudzu vines.
Fonsecaea pedrosoi is a fungal species in the family Herpotrichiellaceae, and the major causative agent of chromoblastomycosis.
The genus is characterized by species with one-celled, dark ascospores, which distinguishes it from the related genus Delitschia, which have two-celled ascospores.
Niebla isidiaescens is a species of fruticose lichen in the family Ramalinaceae.
It has a white partial veil that does not leave a ring on the stem.
elatius is a slow growing pathanogenic ascomycete fungus responsible for Sooty Blotch disease.
Young fruitbodies can exude droplets of red juice.
Leotia viscosa is a species of mushroom in the Leotiaceae family.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Macrospora scirpicola.
The widespread genus contains about 155 species.
Marasmius is a genus of mushroom-forming fungi in the family Marasmiaceae.
Omphalotus mangensis is a species of agaric fungus in the family Marasmiaceae.
Hanns Kreisel transferred it to the genus Bovista by in 1964.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
Described as new to science in 1985, it is found in Chimaltenango Department, where it grows in oak and cypress woodland.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
The species was initially designated as Trichosporon adeninovorans.
Originally described as a species of Botrytis in 1949, it was transferred to the genus Amphobotrys in 1973.
Differences in ecology, spore size, and DNA sequences distinguish the two lookalikes.
The success of the crop depends on the smut fungus.
Polycornum is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Porinaceae.
The base of the stem is densely covered with conspicuous white rhizomorphs, a characteristic uncommon amongst Psilocybe species.
Hypotrachyna parasinuosa is a species of lichen in the family Parmeliaceae.
The class consists of a single order, the Atractiellales, which contains 3 families, 10 genera, and 34 species.
Found in South Finland, where it grows on the ground with deciduous trees, it was described as new to science in 2014.
Panaeolus acuminatus, also known as Panaeolus rickenii is a common little brown mushroom.
It has recently been redefined to exclude the taxa Neocallimastigomycota and Monoblepharidomycetes, which are now a phylum and a sister-class respectively.
Found in Belize, it was described as new to science in 2007.
Mycena sublucens is a species of agaric fungus in the family Mycenaceae.
Gymnopilus aurantiophyllus is a species of mushroom in the family Cortinariaceae.
Septoria secalis is a fungal plant pathogen infecting rye.
G. crubensis, described from Argentina, was added in 1989, while the Australasian species G. nudus and G. vestitus were added to the genus in 2001.
Gymnopilus testaceus is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
Members of the related Lactarius genus have similar characteristics but emit a milky latex when their gills are broken.
Gymnopilus oxylepis is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
According to the Dictionary of the Fungi, the order consists of 12 families, 80 genera, and 1767 species.
Hydrophilomyces is a genus of fungi in the family Laboulbeniaceae.
They are often available fresh in Asia, but are more frequently found in canned or dried forms outside their nations of cultivation.
Gymnopilus konkinyerius is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
The Sordariales are an order of fungi within the class Sordariomycetes, subdivision Pezizomycotina, division Ascomycota.
Studies on Wallemia sebi showed that it produces numerous secondary metabolic compounds, including walleminol, walleminone, wallemia A and C, and azasteroid UCA1064-B.
Conocybe species are sometimes called dunce caps or cone heads due to their conical or bell-shaped caps.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Mycostigma aegeritoides, found in Europe.
Gymnopilus picreus is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
Over time, the colony goes into decline.
The stem is brown like the cap and has a light-colored reticulate texture.
Skyttella is a genus of fungi in the Helotiales order.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
Coprinopsis cinerea is an important model organism for studying fungal sex and mating types, mushroom development, and the evolution of multicellularity of fungi.
Penicillium confertum is an anamorph fungus species of the genus of Penicillium.
Platygrapha is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Thelotremataceae.
The specific epithet refers to the bluish-violet color of the cap.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Celtidia duplicispora.
Large amounts of tree moss is annually processed in France for the perfume industry.
The genus has not been placed into a family.
Retroa is a genus of fungi in the family Phyllachoraceae.
Chrysomphalina chrysophylla is a species of mushroom with a north temperate distribution.
Cenangiopsis is a genus of fungus in the family Helotiaceae.
Its length varies between 10 cm and 30 cm and its width between 1 cm and 5 cm.
It was described as new to science in 1983 from collections made in Belize.
There are about 25 species in this widespread genus.
The family was circumscribed by John C. Krug in 1979.
R. commune is one of the most destructive pathogens of barley worldwide, causing yield decreases of up to 40% and reduced grain quality.
Parachnopeziza is a genus of fungi within the Hyaloscyphaceae family.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Syrropeltis xylopiae.
Found in South America and Central America, it was described as new to science by English mycologist Miles Joseph Berkeley in 1856.
Campanella is a genus of fungi in the Marasmiaceae family.
Oevstedalia is a genus of fungi in the Ascomycota phylum.
Ascospores are hyaline, but in some cases slightly pigmented and predominantly 1-septate, although taxa with 3-septate asco spores have been recorded.
Gymnopilus subsapineus is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
F. compacta is widely regarded as a dysplastic variety of Fonsecaea pedrosoi, its morphological precursor.
Bambusiomyces is a fungal genus in the family Ustilaginaceae.
They may look like a cobblestone road or cracked up old paint, and are commonly called cobblestone lichens or cracked lichens,.
Widely distributed in northwestern Europe, it was described as new to science in 1969 by Finnish mycologist Harri Harmaja.
It is among the most common lichens in the deserts of Arizona and southern California.
It is a member of the order Onygenales.
Ascochyta humuli is a plant pathogen that causes leaf spot on hops.
As of January 2016, Index Fungorum accepts 62 species of Coprinellus.
Prior to 2002, this species belonged to genus Cystoderma, subsection Cinnabarina, under the name Cystoderma cinnabarinum which is still sometimes applied.
The widespread genus contains over 500 species.
Both morphological and ecological details are distinctive when compared to other clavarioid fungi.
It has a fuzzy brown outer surface and an inner surface of whitish, convoluted folds of tissue.
The fruit bodies are poisonous if they are eaten raw.
The Pleurotremataceae are a family of fungi in the Ascomycota phylum.
The lesions turn whitish with red to brown centers.
Clavulina gracilis is a species of coral fungus in the family Clavulinaceae.
Gyalecta was originally circumscribed by lichenologist Erik Acharius in 1808.
The bell-shaped to oval cap is green-brown, the cylindrical stalk is white.
It was first described scientifically by American mycologists Harry D. Thiers and Alexander H. Smith in 1964.
It is found in Jilin, China, where it grows on the rotting wood of Pinus koraiensis.
The fruit body opening can be accompanied by a distinct hissing sound and the release of a smoky cloud of spores.
It is a monotypic taxon, and contains the single family Umbilicariaceae.
The mat and wrinkled fruiting body has the shape of a club with a rounded top.
A number of the jelly fungi can be eaten raw; poisonous jelly fungi are rare.
There seems to be lower genomic variability in the T. tonsurans species due to allopatric divergence.
One species, though, Smittium morbosum, can best be described as parasitic on its mosquito larva host, killing it by preventing it from molting.
Amanita magniverrucata, commonly known as Great pine jewel, is a species of agaric in the Amanitaceae family.
Gymnopilus bakeri is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
Ramichloridium musae is an ascomycete fungus that is a plant pathogen infecting bananas.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Pseudoamauroascus australiensis.
However they could conceivably be included within Pleosporomycetidae in future.
Pholiotina fimicola, which grows on dung and rich soil in North America is a possible synonym.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Pteromyces ambiguus.
Hymenobolus is a genus of fungi in the Helotiales order.
The name for the disease comes from the distinctive “witches broom”, commonly yellow in color, which forms on the spruce after young needles have been infected.
Lichen spot tests are C+ orange or pinkish, K+ yellow, KC- but CK+ orange, and it is UV+ yellow to ultraviolet light.
It is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Paragyrodon sphaerosporus.
Gymnopilus multifolius is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
Found in France, it was described as new to science in 1970.
The cap is thin and can be convex, plane, often depressed and usually has small scales.
Nikolajeva transferred it to its current genus Climacodon in 1962, but research published in 2007 suggests it should be placed in a different genus.
The generic name derives from the Latin word sabulum and refers to its preference for sandy habitats.
It is found in Western Australia, where it grows under Eucalyptus.
Rust fungi are highly specialized parasites with several unique features.
The small bright red mushroom is a familiar sight in unimproved grasslands in Europe in late summer and autumn, and woodlands in North America in winter.
Cantharellus appalachiensis is a fungus native to eastern North America in the genus Cantharellus, which includes other popular edible chanterelles.
Pichia stipitis is a species of yeast, belonging to the "CUG Clade" of ascomycetous yeasts.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
Bakshi transferred it to the newly described Ceraceosorus three years later.
It is a specific parasite of myrtle beech trees.
Nivatogastrium is a genus of secotioid fungi in the family Strophariaceae.
Menegazzia terebrata is a species of lichen found scattered across the Northern Hemisphere.
The Melanopsichiaceae are a family of smut fungi in the order Ustilaginomycetes containing three genera.
Fresh truffles are whitish with a similarly colored interior, and measure up to 4.5 cm in diameter.
The black dots on the surface are the tops of the holes of flask shaped fruiting bodies that are embedded in the thallus, called perithecia.
Ellis, who, according to Orton, was "the Norfolk naturalist and mycologist who collected this and who brought me many puzzling and apparently undescribed agarics."
Lecanora rupicola is a species of lichen in the family Lecanoraceae.
A few species are facultative plant pathogens, causing a number of commercially important crop and turfgrass diseases.
It is similar externally to Canoparmelia amazonica.
Peniophora cinerea is a species of fungus in the family Peniophoraceae.
It is typically coloured a greyish lilac, with the sometimes hollow stem a little lighter coloured than the cap.
Discina is a genus of ascomycete fungi related to the false morels of the genus Gyromitra.
Unlike its close relatives that are heterothallic, H. moniliformis exhibits a homothallic sexual strategy.
This makes the group easy to recognise, even for those not particularly familiar with lichen identification.
Lactarius tesquorum is a member of the large milk-cap genus Lactarius in the order Russulales.
The Peniophoraceae are a family of fungi in the order Russulales.
Gymnopilus magnus is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
Gymnopilus pseudocamerinus is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
It is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Stipitocyphella keniensis, from Kenya.
They are light grayish-brown with white tips, but darken when bruised.
they could dry out, but later revive when moistened.
It is orange or yellow, meaty and funnel-shaped.
It was described in 1979 by Georges Malençon based on collections from Morocco, but was later identified in other Mediterranean countries.
Found in Oaxaca, Mexico, where it grows on bare clay soil, it was described as new to science in 2004.
Joost Stalpers transferred it to the genus Hydnellum in 1993.
Rhizopus infections may also be a complication of diabetic ketoacidosis.
Epichloë is a genus of ascomycete fungi forming an endophytic symbiosis with grasses.
The species and genus remain known from only the type collection, and more specifically the Nothoclavulina, the agaricoid half having been lost.
Exidia glandulosa is a jelly fungus in the family Auriculariaceae.
The single species in the genus, Diplocystis wrightii, has been shown using phylogenetic analysis to be a member of the Sclerodermatineae suborder of the Boletales.
Microscopically, the mushroom features thin-walled hyphae with clamp connections, and large ellipsoid-shaped spores.
In colour, it is generally a cream-brown, lighter on the stem, and it has a thin layer of flesh with no distinct smell or taste.
Penicillium raphiae is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from agricultural soil of the Ulleung Island in Korea.
It is usually found growing gregariously on wood chips and is one of the most common and most distinctive mushrooms found in that habitat.
The mushroom has a pleasant mealy scent, spicy and slightly aromatic, but can taste slightly overpowering when raw.
The outer skin is purplish-brown, with four or five cream or yellowish-brown colored rays that have their tips stuck in the substrate.
The most common route of infection is the introduction of spores to the body through a cut or puncture wound in the skin.
Members of the genus are commonly called wart lichens.
The toxin affects the liver, central nervous system, and sometimes the kidneys.
It was originally described by William Alphonso Murrill in 1909 with Suillellus luridus as the type species.
It is sometimes found in soil and grain, but the mold is most often detected in cellulose-rich building materials from damp or water-damaged buildings.
The Chinese species R. yunnanensis is the earliest diverging lineage within the genus, and has a close phylogenetic relationship with the bolete genus Leccinellum.
Metschnikowia is a genus of yeast in the family Metschnikowiaceae.
They grow symbiotically with green algae, or parasitically on other lichens.
Microsphaera is a genus of powdery mildew in the family Erysiphaceae.
Cesatiella is a genus of fungi in the family Hyponectriaceae.
Exophiala has been implicated in causing 'Saxophone Lung' or hypersensitivity pneumonitis, a disease that can be contracted by woodwind instrumentalists.
Elaeomyces is a genus of fungi in the Ascomycota phylum.
Enarthromyces is a genus of fungi in the family Laboulbeniaceae.
Psathyrella atrospora is a species of mushroom in the family Psathyrellaceae.
Because of its wide distribution and abundance in forest soils, it is one of the most well-studied ectomycorrhizal fungal species.
Phyllosticta palmetto is a plant pathogen infecting coconuts.
Melanoleuca is a poorly known genus of saprotrophic mushrooms traditionally classified in the family Tricholomataceae.
Choanephora infundibulifera is a species of fungus in the family Choanephoraceae.
It was first described scientifically by American mycologists Alexander H. Smith and Harry D. Thiers in 1964.
When fresh, the fruit bodies will "bleed" a dark reddish-purple sap.
Subjectively, I had no idea how long this condition had lasted.
Chrysomyxa reticulata has been found on Ledum decumbens Lodd.
The Gallaceaceae are a family of fungi in the order Hysterangiales, containing species found in Australia and New Zealand.
It is found in the deciduous and coniferous forests of Europe and North America.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Potridiscus polymorphus.
The spores are dark purplish-brown in mass, ellipsoid in shape, and measure 10.5–15 by 6.5–8.5 micrometres.
Grifola gargal is a species of polypore fungus in the family Meripilaceae.
This fungus is known from tropical America, including Mexico and Venezuela.
Gymnopilus robustus is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
The Lasiosphaeriaceae are a family of fungi in the Ascomycota, class Sordariomycetes.
Neither of these publications were valid according to the rules of botanical nomenclature, which at the time mandated a description in Latin.
Described as new to science in 2004, it is found in Colombia, where it grows on clay soil in tropical forest.
Found in Europe, it was described as new to science in 1969 by mycologists Rudolph Arnold Maas Geesteranus and John Axel Nannfeldt.
The Saccharomycodaceae are a family of yeasts in the order Saccharomycetales.
Diplocarpon earliana is of the phylum Ascmycota of fungi.
Common names include caramel-capped bolete or marshmallow bolete from its soft consistency.
Adelococcus is a genus of fungi in the family Adelococcaceae.
It is also a plant pathogen infecting peach trees.
incanus is fairly common in the same habitat.
Trachyderma is a genus of fungi in the family Ganodermataceae.
This is a monotypic family, containing the sole genus Dactylospora, which has a wide distribution.
L. salmonae is the causative agent of microsporidial gill disease of salmon.
Found in Brazil, the specific epithet sprucei honors botanist Richard Spruce.
Because of their ability to fix nitrogen from the atmosphere, such lichens are influential in soil composition and generation.
Entoloma sinuatum is a poisonous mushroom found across Europe and North America.
Known habitats of Muscodor species include Honduras, Venezuela, Thailand, Brazil, and Australia's Northern Territory.
Found in Chiang Mai Province, it was described as new to science in 2010.
Moelleropsis is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Pannariaceae.
It is found in Peninsular Malaysia, where it grows on the ground in secondary forests.
Smithiogaster is a fungal genus in the family Agaricaceae.
Disciotis venosa, commonly known as the bleach cup, veiny cup fungus, or the cup morel is a species of fungus in the family Morchellaceae.
Trichopeltospora is a genus of fungi in the Microthyriaceae family; according to the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota, the placement in this family is uncertain.
Mycothele is a fungal genus in the family Gloeophyllaceae.
The gills and slim ringless stipe are pale yellow or white.
Psilocybe strictipes is commonly confused with Psilocybe semilanceata and can be differentiated by its lack of a papilla and a convex to subumbonate cap.
It was first described scientifically in 2007.
Exidia recisa is a jelly fungus in the family Auriculariaceae.
The stem is pale yellow, and measures 4–12 cm long by 0.5–1.9 cm thick.
The Polystomellaceae are a family of fungi with an uncertain taxonomic placement in the class Dothideomycetes.
The fungus is also well known as a medicinal mushroom, for its purported medicinal properties, due to research which indicates it may stimulate the immune system.
Entoloma rodwayi, known as the green stem pinkgill, is a species of fungus in the Entolomataceae family of mushrooms.
Rhamphoria is a genus of fungi in the Annulatascaceae family of the Ascomycota.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Triainomyces hollowayanus.
It was described as new to science in 1968 by mycologists Alexander H. Smith, Harry Delbert Thiers, and Roy Watling.
The genus has a widespread distribution, especially in tropical regions, and contains about 200 species.
Dasysphaeria is a genus of fungi within the class Sordariomycetes.
These are found in both general and Estonian herbariums.
The genus contains one species known to inhabit Eurasia and North America.
The Cystobasidiomycetes are class of fungi in the Pucciniomycotina subdivision of the Basidiomycota.
It is found in dune slacks, sandy pine plantations, and sometimes meadows.
Found in Peninsular Malaysia, it was described as new to science in 1994 by English mycologist E.J.H.
Raffaelea subalba is a mycangial fungus, first isolated from female adults of the redbay ambrosia beetle, Xyleborus glabratus.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Placodothis petrakii.
M. populiphila occurs in California, Nevada and Oregon.
Kroswia is a genus of lichens in the family Pannariaceae.
H. geogenium is considered endangered in Switzerland.
The Legeriomycetaceae are a family of fungi in the Harpellales order.
It was originally described in 1941 by Elizabeth Eaton Morse as Polyporus flettii, but this naming was invalid as it lacked a Latin description.
The cap is initially yellowish to brownish, but it darkens to become almost black in maturity.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Isthmosporella pulchra.
Phaeocollybia pseudolugubris is a species of fungus in the family Cortinariaceae.
Edibility is unknown for the species, but consumption is generally not recommended due its position in the Amanita subgroup Lepidella, which contains some poisonous members.
Members of the suborder Peltigerineae produce a wide range of secondary compounds, some of which are useful to humans in medicine and dyeing.
Hyphal structure monomitic; generative hyphae lacking clamps.
It is distributed throughout the temperate zone of the Northern Hemisphere.
Bommerella is a genus of fungi within the Chaetomiaceae family.
Neotapesia is a genus of fungi in the family Dermateaceae.
C. friesii is considered a good edible mushroom, but because of its rarity, it deserves protection.
All three Allantoparmelia lichens have a foliose growth form.
Astraeus pteridis is a species of false earthstar in the family Diplocystaceae.
^ Madurella at the US National Library of Medicine Medical Subject Headings
It is frequently found in coniferous forests at higher altitudes, often growing in large groups, rather rare at lower altitudes.
It typically occurs in cool, wet spring and fall weather.
Pseudogymnoascus destructans grows very slowly on artificial media and cannot grow at temperatures above 20 °C.
The Pucciniastraceae are a family of rust fungi in the order Pucciniales.
Ophiocordyceps camponoti-rufipedis is a species of fungus that parasitizes insect hosts, in particular members of the order Hymenoptera.
Wu, Hyde, and Chen describe Asteritea as having "flattened ascomata with a star-like opening and superficial mycelium with hyphopodia" and suggest placement in the Asterinaceae family.
Phomopsis arnoldiae is a plant pathogen infecting walnuts.
It grows in crevices in bark, appearing during rainy weather.
The family has not been assigned to any order.
Ectendomeliola is a genus of fungi in the family Meliolaceae.
Described by mycologist Anthony M. Young in 2000, it is found in Australia, where it grows in moss and leaf litter in eucalypt woodland.
Marasmius capillaris is a species of agaric fungus in the family Marasmiaceae.
It is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Ambivina filobasidia, described by B. Katz in 1974.
They are thought to be saprobic in wood and bark; some species are weak pathogens.
Found only in south Finland, where it grows in deciduous forests, it was described as new to science in 2014.
It was described as new to science by mycologist Harry Delbert Thiers in 1975.
Pseudotrichia is a genus of fungi in the family Melanommataceae.
Found in Singapore, it was described as new to science in 1994 by English mycologist E.J.H.
Known only to come from Kerala State, India, it was described as new to science in 2009.
The body of the lichen forms continuous, circular crust-like patches on dead wood, readily recognizable by the prominent red pigment.
The Carbomycetaceae are a family of fungi in the order Pezizales.
Fellhaneropsis is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Pilocarpaceae.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Chrysoconia orthospora, found in Lake Union, Washington.
Within the genus Gliophorus, it is classified in the section Glutinosae, a grouping of species characterized by having bright colors, decurrent gills, and a gelatinized subhymenium.
Cytospora species are known as plant pathogens.
Parmeliopsis is a genus of lichen belonging to the family Parmeliaceae.
Most Auricularia species are edible and are grown commercially.
Lophiostoma is a genus of fungi in the family Lophiostomataceae.
Cup fungi grow in peculiar shapes, frequently resembling cups or saucers.
Caloplaca brownlieae is a species of lichen in the family Teloschistaceae.
moraine systems, thus revealing evidence of glacial advances.
The gills start out as white but they soon turn pink.
Scopulariopsis species are sometimes encountered growing on meat in storage.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Prostratus cyclobalanopsidis.
It was given a new name by Hanns Kreisel in 1996.
Hyaloscypha is a genus of fungi within the Hyaloscyphaceae family.
The lichen is named after Scottish mycologist James Stirton.
Pseudoecteinomyces is a genus of fungi in the family Euceratomycetaceae.
The common names cortinar and webcap refer to members of the genus.
The genus was originally described by Theodor Magnus Fries in 1860.
Lignosus rhinocerus, commonly known as tiger milk mushroom, belongs to family Polyporaceae in the division Basidiomycota.
Lichen spot test on the cortex and medulla are I-, K+ yellow to red, P+ orange, and C-.
It is common in wood chips and lawns in North America, Europe, Australia, New Zealand and elsewhere.
It was originally described as a species of Agaricus by German botanist Johann Anton Weinmann in 1836.
The mushroom is known from North American north of Mexico, Finland, and Bulgaria, where it grows on the ground in boreal and mountainous conifer forests.
M. vitilis contains strobilurin B, a fungicidal compound with potential use in agriculture.
It is found in hardwood forests of the southeastern United States, where it fruits in early spring soon after snowmelt.
Fassia is a genus of fungi in the family Xylariaceae.
The potential use of the fungus as a broad-spectrum antibiotics has been investigated.
Found in northwestern North America, including Alaska and British Columbia, it was described as new to science in 1967.
Koerberiella is a genus of lichenized fungi within the Lecideaceae family.
Aureobasidium subglaciale, formerly known as Aureobasidium pullulans var.
Spores need at least 24 hours of free moisture to cause infection.
are also encountered as causative agents of infections in humans.
Clitocella is a genus of mushroom-forming fungi in the family Entolomataceae.
Pulchroboletus is a fungal genus in the family Boletaceae.
Found in Papua New Guinea, it was described as new to science in 1978 by mycologists Gastón Guzmán and Egon Horak.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single secotioid species Tympanella galanthina, found in New Zealand.
Pseudohiatula cyatheae is a species of fungus in the family Physalacriaceae, and the type species of the genus Pseudohiatula.
It thrives in deserts and semi-deserts of Australia and other countries.
Russula violeipes, commonly known as the velvet brittlegill, is a species of fungus in the family Russulaceae.
Pseudoepicoccum cocos is an ascomycete fungus that is a plant pathogen infecting coconut palms.
Thyrotheca is a genus of fungi within the class Sordariomycetes.
Hymenogramme is a genus of fungi in the family Polyporaceae.
The reproductive ascospores of the fungus are produced within a unique structure, the spore cyst, or sporocyst.
Hydnangium is a genus of truffle-like fungi in the family Hydnangiaceae.
Mycologist Rolf Singer circumscribed the genus in 1938.
The mushroom can sometimes be confused with the magpie fungus which is poisonous.
The asci form a layer lacking paraphyses, and they lack croziers.
It can be found in southern Europe, South America, southwestern North America, Africa, Asia, Australia, and Papua New Guinea.
Psilocybe dumontii is a species of mushroom in the Strophariaceae family.
Cantharomyces is a genus of about 30 species of fungi in the family Laboulbeniaceae.
Diplogelasinospora is a genus of fungi within the Lasiosphaeriaceae family.
Mycoacia angustata is a wood-decay fungus, and grows on decaying wood.
Today, mycelium with this growth pattern is observed in the mushroom-forming fungi.
Menegazzia fertilis is a species of lichen found in Australia.
The fungus infects the leaves first and then spreads to the cane.
Characteristic features of the genus include dimitic hyphae, spores that are both amyloid and asperulate, and the presence of cystidia and rhizomorphic strands.
The Pucciniaceae are a family of rust fungi that cause plant diseases, mainly on cereals such as wheat.
Microscopically, they measure 4–5 by 3.5–4.5 µm and have short, rounded tubercles on the surface.
It was given its current name by mycologist Rolf Singer in 1951.
The family was first described by Swedish mycologist Elias Magnus Fries in 1849.
It can be mistaken for Psilocybe silvatica and can be distinguished by its more conic cap, narrower spores and narrower cheilocystidia.
Fibrillanosema crangonycis is a species of fungus in the phylum Microsporidia.
Fruit bodies have hemispherical to convex brownish caps measuring 3.5–13 cm in diameter.
This is also the suspected mechanism by which C. glabrata forms microbial "biofilms" on urinary catheters, and less commonly in-dwelling IV catheters.
Cheilocystidia are conspicuous and have thin walls and various forms.
Galeoscypha is a genus of fungi in the family Pyronemataceae.
It was described as new to science in 2013.
Penicillium allahabadense is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces rugulosin.
Malassezia equina is a fungus first isolated in horses, which can cause opportunistic infections in animals.
Psilocybe cabiensis is a species of psilocybin mushroom in the family Strophariaceae.
It contains potentially deadly levels of muscarine.
Neonothopanus nambi is a poisonous and bioluminescent mushroom in the family Marasmiaceae.
According to the Dictionary of the Fungi, the widespread genus contains five species.
Mycena illuminans is a species of agaric fungus in the family Mycenaceae.
The Hericiaceae are a family of fungi in the order Russulales.
Lentinus roseus is a species of edible mushroom in the family Polyporaceae, first found in northern Thailand.
In Europe, it is considered a threatened species in 14 countries.
Boletopsis nothofagi is a fungus in the family Bankeraceae.
Oidium mangiferae is a plant pathogen that infects mango trees causing powdery mildew.
It is found in the southern United States, where it grows in mixed pine and hardwood forests, close to mature Pinus elliottii trees.
Phaeopyxis is a genus of fungi in the Helotiales order.
Tubaria moseri is a species of agaric fungus in the family Tubariaceae.
Kyphomyces is a genus of fungi in the family Laboulbeniaceae.
Cladosporium cladosporioides is a darkly pigmented mold that occurs world-wide on a wide range of materials both outdoors and indoors.
In Joshua Tree National Park is can be seen on vertical granite and gneiss faces in washes.
Most of them are plant pathogens causing different forms of powdery mildew, for example:
Isolated from the soil of a cultivated field in Colombia, the fungus was described as new to science in 1987.
Thaumasiomyces is a genus of fungi in the family Ceratomycetaceae.
The characteristic microscopic feature of this species is the unusually wide ellipsoid to somewhat spindle-shaped spores, which measure 9.5–12 by 6.5–8 µm.
Fruit bodies have caps that measure up to 1.3 cm in diameter, and are covered with reddish-brown scales.
The pitted surface generates air turbulence, preventing a build-up of static air around the fruitbodies, thus facilitating wind-borne spore dispersal.
Australiasca is a genus of fungi in the family Chaetosphaeriaceae.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the order is unknown.
Phyllosticta coryli is a plant pathogen infecting hazelnut.
Geastrum jurei is a species of fungus in the Geastrales, or earthstar fungi.
Apiospora is a genus of fungi in the family Apiosporaceae.
According to the Dictionary of the Fungi, there are about 58 species in the genus.
It was discovered more than 100 years ago.
albidus on the DNA level, however, it can be phenotypically differentiated through its ability to utilize different minerals and its overall appearance.
They belong to the genus Tricholoma, which includes the closely related East Asian songi or matsutake.
Belonioscyphella is a genus of fungi in the family Helotiaceae.
Like most other fungi of the Harpellales, these are found in the guts of insect larvae.
Laurera is a genus of fungi within the Trypetheliaceae family.
Lembosina is a genus of fungi in the Asterinaceae family.
Clavulina amethystinoides is a species of fungus in the family Clavulinaceae.
Hydnum has many brittle, white teeth from which the spores drop.
T. zangii also has a paler brown cap, and less intense odor.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Hypodermellina ruborum.
Psathyrella vinosofulva is a species of agaric fungus in the Psathyrellaceae family.
This mushroom has been found in manzanita and madrone woodlands of central California north to southern Oregon.
Generally speaking, Cercospora melongenae attacks all local varieties of eggplants, but is most severe on the Philippine eggplant and less parasitic on a Siamese variety.
Sporopachydermia is a genus of fungi in the family Dipodascaceae.
The genus has a widespread distribution in the Northern Hemisphere and contains six species.
Relicinopsis is a genus of lichenized fungi within the Parmeliaceae family.
Recent phylogenetic analyses does not support the prior classifications of this family, and suggest that the family is not monophyletic as it is currently circumscribed.
Anzia is a genus of lichenised ascomycetes in the large family Parmeliaceae.
Podocrella is a genus of fungi in the family Clavicipitaceae.
Parvomyces is a genus of fungi in the family Laboulbeniaceae.
The Zoopagaceae are a family of fungi in the Zoopagales order.
Kohlmeyeriella is a genus of fungi within the Lulworthiaceae family.
Podoserpula species produce fruit bodies consisting of up to a dozen caps arranged in overlapping shelves, attached to a central axis.
it contains all descendants of one common ancestor.
Plectomyces is a genus of fungi in the family Ceratomycetaceae.
It is an edible pored mushroom found in European and North American coniferous forests, growing in association with several species of pine of the subgenus Strobus.
Therefore, it is considered to be polyextremotolerant.
Some species in the genus are fungi that live as parasites on other lichens.
Penicillium zhuangii is a fungus species in the family Trichocomaceae.
Termitomyces le-testui is a species of agaric fungus in the family Lyophyllaceae.
Germination of A. penicillioides was found to occur at lower water activity than growth.
Research has proven that E. intestinalis infection can increase host cell nuclear mutation rate.
Dothideomycetes mostly produce flask-like structures referred to as pseudothecia, although other shape variations do exist.
Godronia is a genus of fungi in the family Helotiaceae.
When plated on agar it produces smooth, butyrous colonies with a cream coloration.
It has crowded, decurrent gills, and smells strongly of coconuts.
The Trichosphaeriales are an order of sac fungi.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Zugazaea agyrioides, found growing on decomposing wood in the Canary Islands.
Lichen spot tests on the cortex are K-, C-, P- and KC+ dark yellow.
Stigmatomyces is a genus of fungi in the family Laboulbeniaceae.
One of the more commonly observed species causes peach leaf curl.
The cap is up to 18 cm wide, convex to flat, and brown in color.
The mushroom contains the medicinal compound psilocybin.
Lasiodiplodia margaritacea is an endophytic fungus that might be a canker pathogen, specifically for Adansonia gibbosa.
Described as new to science in 1990, it was first isolated from soil associated with corn in Denmark.
Hallingea is a genus of fungi in the Gallaceaceae family.
Phaeoramularia indica is a species of sac fungus.
It was first described in 1833 and given its current name in 1876.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the Sordariomycetes class is unknown, and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any order.
Nosema is a genus of microsporidian parasites.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Panorbis viscosus.
Austrogaster is a genus of fungi in the Paxillaceae family.
In 1994, the fungus was reported from Japan.
Molecular analyses revealed that Hemipholiota was distinct from Pholiota and also from a new genus Hemistropharia that had been classified with Hemipholiota.
The Pseudeurotiaceae are a family of fungi in the division Ascomycota.
The specific epithet is derived from the Latin word olla, meaning "pot".
The mycologist Josef Velenovský wrote articles describing species found in Bohemia and Moravia.
It was described as new to science in 1872 by Finnish botanist William Nylander.
Pustulipora is a genus of fungi within the Ceratostomataceae family.
It is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Hymenogramme javensis.
The genus was circumscribed by Austrian-Czech mycologist Franz Petrak in 1929, with Platypeltella smilacis as the type and only species.
Despite its taste, it is edible after cooking.
Dentipratulum is a genus of fungus in the family Auriscalpiaceae.
Shortly after emerging, the gleba liquefies and releases a fetid odor that attracts insects, which help disperse the spores.
It has been implicated in the widespread mortality of Baobab trees in Southern Africa.
The Lachnocladiaceae are a family of fungi in the order Russulales.
It was known scientifically as Boletus satanas until 2014.
The genus is characterized by smooth, yellowish brown basidiospores lacking a germ pore, and a naucorioid appearance, with brownish mycelium at the base of the stems.
Most members of Verrucariales, as in other lichenized lineages, form typical thallus morphologies, including crustose, squamulose, foliose and rarely subfruticose thalli.
Suillus placidus, is a species of fungus in the genus Suillus.
Many of the species in this genus are plant pathogens, but some species may have a mutualistic relationship with hosts.
It is the type species of the genus Cortinarius, but is readily distinguished from other species in the genus by its dark colouration and distinct cystidia.
Howard James Banker transferred it to Sarcodon in 1906.
Vararia is a genus of corticioid fungi in the family Lachnocladiaceae.
Moser distinguished T. myomyces on the basis that the gills should go yellow.
Mollisinopsis is a genus of fungi in the family Helotiaceae.
The first enzymes in its biosynthesis have been characterised in T. panuoides.
The cap cuticle can sometimes be peeled off as a translucent layer of tissue.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Leucoinocybe lenta, found in Europe.
Reported as new to science in 1820, it is found in the Americas.
It is also easily confused with Panaeolina castaneifolia, a species which has spores that are dark brown and significantly more roughened.
Ascographa is a genus of fungi in the Helotiales order.
The principal toxic constituent is α-amanitin, which damages the liver and kidneys, causing hepatic and renal failure that can be fatal.
It is the type species of Chromosera.
It is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Hydnomerulius pinastri.
The family was circumscribed by Finnish mycologist Harri Harmaja in 2002.
On the underside of the smooth cap, it has gill-like ridges that run down onto its stipe, which tapers down seamlessly from the cap.
Suillus subaureus is a species of bolete fungus in the family Suillaceae.
The genus contains two species found in South America.
The spore print is dark reddish brown; spores are roughly spindle-shaped with dimensions of 10–13 by 4–5 µm.
Its several species are typically insect pathogens.
It is edible when young, before the spores inside the fruit body disintegrate into a brownish powder.
It is a plant pathogen infecting sunflowers.
This pathogen is a fungus which is specific to infecting only potato tubers.
The Dnieper Estuary and lower parts of the Danube River are considered to be the parasite’s native range.
Thick-walled fungal hyphae are usually detected in impression smears from skin lesions.
It is in the section Semilanceatae of Psilocybe and has psilocybin as its main active compound.
C. lusitaniae was first identified as a human pathogen in 1979.
The species can generally be considered inedible.
Cortinarius purpurascens, also known as the bruising webcap, is a basidiomycete mushroom of the genus Cortinarius.
It is a solid bolete with an olive-brown cap up to 20 cm in diameter, with small red pores on the underside.
Agaricus inapertus is a species of secotioid fungus in the genus Agaricus.
Phragmocalosphaeria is a monotypic genus of fungi in the family Calosphaeriaceae.
Many species are known commonly as earthstars.
It was described as new to science in 1991.
Pholiota myxacioides is a species of agaric fungus in the family Strophariaceae.
Wettsteinina is a genus of 23 fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.
According to the Dictionary of the Fungi, the family contains 8 genera and 48 species.
Penicillium halotolerans is a species of the genus of Penicillium which has the ability to tolerate 5 % NaCl.
Adelolecia is a genus of lichenized fungi in the Ramalinaceae family.
It was described as new to science in 1994 by English mycologist E.J.H.
Psorotheciopsis is a genus of fungi within the Gomphillaceae family.
The species were initially considered part of Stereum until mycologist Jacques Boidin found atypical microscopic differences between them.
In California, it is among the most common crustose lichens occurring on trees.
It may also be found in air by culturable samples if a long enough incubation period is provided so that sporulation occurs.
Cortinarius cyanites is found in mixed coniferous and deciduous forests in southern Finland, central Sweden southwards into France.
Penicillium corynephorum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium.
Hydnellum frondosum is a tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae.
Rhizopogon parvisporus is a small, truffle-like fungus in the family Rhizopogonaceae.
Frondispora is a genus of fungi in the family Amphisphaeriaceae.
Apothecia have black to blue-black, concave to flat discs, without pruina.
Lichen spot tests are K-, C+ vaguely pink, KC+ red, and P-.
Podosphaera leucotricha is a plant pathogen that can cause powdery mildew of apples and pears.
The roughly 150 species in the Tilletiales all infect hosts of the grass family, except for species of Erratomyces, which occur on legumes.
C. albicans, together with C. tropicalis, C. parapsilosis and C. glabrata, is responsible for 50–90% of all cases of candidiasis in humans.
It emits a fruity aroma, reminiscent of apricots and a mildly peppery taste and is considered an excellent edible mushroom.
Young specimens are covered with a grayish, slimy partial veil that later ruptures and leaves a sheathlike ring on the stem.
Else Vellinga showed using molecular phylogenetic analysis that these names refer to European species and were misapplied by Australian authors.
Found in southern Ecuador, where it grows in montane forest at altitudes of 2,000–2,500 metres, it was described as new to science in 2011.
An alternate scientific name seen is Rhodophyllus rhodopolius, from Quelet's broader genus containing a larger subsection of pink-spored fungi.
He suggested that Antrodia was closely related based on morphological similarities.
Pycnidiophora is a genus of fungi in the family Sporormiaceae.
Genus members are also commonly called needle lichens.
The fungus produces small, dull orange fruitbodies that seem to be embedded in a resinous or mulicaginous material.
It was considered a variant of the similarly edible B. edulis for many years until declared a unique species in 2008.
Phylogenetic analysis suggests the species is closely related to the Boletaceae genera Porphyrellus and Strobilomyces.
Psilocybe furtadoana is a species of mushroom in the Strophariaceae family.
Clavulina viridula is a species of coral fungus in the family Clavulinaceae.
infundibuliforme Boidin 1960, a synonym of Cymatoderma infundibuliforme
Sarcodon thwaitesii is a species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae.
The corn planted in the 1970s carried T-cms; T-cms was particularly susceptible to T-toxin.
A monotypic genus, Barrina contains the single species Barrina polyspora, described as new to science in 1997.
Notable members of Saccharomycotina are the baker’s yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae and the genus Candida that includes several human pathogens.
The genus contains three species collectively distributed in Colombia, Papua New Guinea, the Hawaiian Islands, and Thailand.
The fungus is often found growing on indoor plants.
It was first described scientifically as Boletus adustus by Carl Ludwig Willdenow in 1787.
Phaeobotryosphaeria is a genus of fungi in the family Botryosphaeriaceae.
Found in tropical Mexico, it was described as new to science by Mexican mycologist Laura Guzmán-Dávalos in 2006.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
Achorella is a genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.
Chapsa microspora is a species of lichen in the family Graphidaceae.
The species was originally collected from San Francisco in 1966 by American mycologist Harry D. Thiers and assigned to Pluteus cyanopus.
Gautieria morchelliformis is a species of hypogeal fungus in the Gomphaceae family.
Verticillium longisporum, also known as Verticillium Wilt, is a fungal plant pathogen that commonly infects canola.
Monosporascus is a genus of fungi in the class Sordariomycetes.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Phyllobolites miniatus, found in tropical South America.
Tricholoma is a genus of fungus that contains a large number of fairly fleshy white-spored gilled mushrooms which are found worldwide generally growing in woodlands.
Armillaria pelliculata is a species of agaric fungus in the family Physalacriaceae.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Fuscoscypha acicularum.
However, Xanthoconium separans was found to be more closely related to Boletus Sensu stricto than to Xanthoconium.
Sterile specimens that do not have apothecia can look somewhat like Melanelia, Peltigera, Platismatia, or Asahinea.
It can cause Southern corn leaf blight in Maize.
Squamarina is a genus of lichens currently placed in the family Stereocaulaceae, although it has recently been suggested that it may belong in the family Ramalinaceae.
Asymmetrical blastoconidia are borne on short sterigmata, and measure 2.0–5.0 by 3.0–7.0 µm.
Allantoporthe is a genus of fungi within the Diaporthaceae family.
Four additional species were described in 2015.
Thuemenella is a genus of fungi in the family Xylariaceae.
Found in the South Solomons, it was described as new to science in 1994 by English mycologist E.J.H.
Rhizopogon subcaerulescens is an ectomycorrhizal fungus used as a soil inoculant in agriculture and horticulture.
Tylopilus felleus has been the subject of research into bioactive compounds that have been tested for antitumour and antibiotic properties.
They are particularly distinguished by the shape and size of their stroma.
Lirula is a genus of fungi within the Rhytismataceae family.
The Arthrorhaphidaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the division Ascomycota.
The Laboulbeniomycetes are a unique group of fungi that are apparent external parasites of insects and other arthropods, both terrestrial and aquatic.
Lager is a type of beer created from malted barley and fermented at low temperatures, originally in Bavaria.
The genus is widespread and contains five species.
Phylogenetic analysis of ITS DNA has shown that the genus is monophyletic.
The spores are smooth, ellipsoid to ellipsoid-oblong, thin-walled and amyloid.
Icmadophila eucalypti is a species of lichen in the family Icmadophilaceae.
It contains the sole species Rogersiomyces okefenokeensis.
Ascobolus stercorarius is a species of apothecial fungus belonging to the family Ascobolaceae.
Cortinarius anomalus, also known as the variable webcap, is a basidiomycete fungus of the genus Cortinarius.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Anisostagma rotundatum.
The genus contains 25 species that collectively have a widespread distribution.
Epiphegia is a genus of fungi in the family Lophiostomataceae.
Magnaporthe salvinii is a fungal plant pathogen that causes stem rot in rice.
It is a fungal ascomycete that commonly infects seeds, pods, stems, and petioles.
Colletotrichum trifolii is a fungal plant pathogen of alfalfa, causing the disease alfafa anthracnose.
It is usually found only growing on conifers.
Phaeocollybia amygdalospora is a species of fungus in the family Cortinariaceae.
Caloplaca digitaurea is a species of lichen in the family Teloschistaceae.
Myriotrema endoflavescens is a species of lichen in the family Thelotremataceae.
Uromyces beticola is a plant pathogen infecting beet.
Caloboletus panniformis is a bolete fungus native to Honshu island in Japan, where it grows under conifers in subalpine regions.
Lycoperdon is now placed in the family Agaricaceae of the order Agaricales.
Sphaerobasidioscypha is a genus of fungi in the Cyphellaceae family.
Pseudoclitocybe cyathiformis, commonly known as the goblet funnel cap, is a species of fungus in the Tricholomataceae family, and the type species of the genus Pseudoclitocybe.
It was described as new to science by mycologist Rolf Singer in 1989, from specimens collected in Muir Woods, California.
The Meruliaceae are a family of fungi in the order Polyporales.
P. subacutipilea is classified in the section Mexicana of the genus Psilocybe.
Leucocoprinus cretaceus is a species of fungus in the family Agaricaceae.
One species, Exidiopsis effusa, is responsible for the formation of hair ice on dead wood.
It is the teleomorph stage of the fungus Phoma rostrupii.
Hebeloma populinum is a species of mushroom in the Hymenogastraceae family.
It produces small, thin-fleshed fruitbodies with pale bluish-green caps upon slender stipes.
Molecular analysis suggests that Sparsitubus is in a clade of white rot polypores and may be closely related to the Ganodermataceae.
Most of the species were originally classified in the genera Omphalina or Gerronema.
As these practices are widespread, as can be the pathogen.
It is mycorrhizal, forming symbiotic associations with plants, making it very challenging to cultivate.
Despite the apparent lack of ascospores, which can be dispersed across long distances, C. aculeata has a very wide distribution.
It is rare in the United States, and is currently restricted to western states.
In occasional opportunistic infections, some species can cause hypopigmentation or hyperpigmentation on the trunk and other locations in humans.
Found in Nova Scotia, Canada, it was described as new to science in 1984 by mycologist Kenneth A. Harrison.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Woldmaria filicina, found in Europe and North America.
It is found in soil and animal manure.
Sporostigma is a lichenized genus of fungi in the family Arthoniaceae.
Circinoniesslia is a genus of fungi within the Niessliaceae family.
The "eggs", or peridioles, are firmly attached to the inner surface of this fruit body by an elastic cord of mycelia known as a funiculus.
The pale yellow, waxy gills are decurrent, with a somewhat distant spacing.
Psilocybe heimii is a species of psilocybin mushroom in the family Strophariaceae.
Calopadia is a genus of lichens in the family Pilocarpaceae.
Amylofungus is a genus of fungi in the Stereaceae family.
The genus has a widespread distribution, and contains about 100 species.
A monotypic genus, Diplopomyces contains the single species Diplopodomyces callipodos.
It was first described scientifically by American mycologists Alexander H. Smith and Harry D. Thiers in 1964.
The order is monotypic, containing a single family, the Sebacinaceae.
Geastrum fornicatum, commonly known as the acrobatic earthstar or the arched earthstar, is an inedible species of mushroom in the family Geastraceae.
Gymnopilus dulongjiangensis is a species of mushroom in the family Strophariaceae.
Erythrodecton is a lichenized genus of fungi in the family Roccellaceae.
It is especially prevalent in the elderly and HIV positive people.
It is found in Europe and North America, where it grows as a saprotroph on the rotting wood of deciduous trees, including trunks and roots.
The Atractiellomycetes are class of fungi in the Pucciniomycotina subdivision of the Basidiomycota.
It is a plant pathogen infecting strawberries.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Semiomphalina leptoglossoides, found in Papua New Guinea.
One can avoid this fungus by watering dogwoods during drought and general cultural control care.
Rinodinella is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Physciaceae.
Albatrellus subrubescens is a species of polypore fungus in the family Albatrellaceae.
Thalli are either unbranched or branched, producing basipetal series of trichospores.
Previously, this species has had variety status in Metarhizium anisopliae and its name is derived from characteristically very large spores for the genus Metarhizium.
Austroboletus mutabilis a species of bolete fungus found in northern Australia.
Suillus brevipes is a species of fungus in the family Suillaceae.
Hebeloma aminophilum, commonly known as the ghoul fungus, is a species of mushroom in the Hymenogastraceae family.
The cap of the fruitbody can be up to 4 mm in diameter, and is pale brown.
This saprotrophic fungus is prevalent in warmer climates such as tropical and subtropical regions.
Raspberries are an important fruit, mainly grown in Washington, Oregon and California.
This fungus causes a disease of tanner crabs.
A recent molecular analysis of specimens collected from northern Thailand revealed three new species in the family.
Deconica neocaledonica is a species of mushroom in the family Strophariaceae.
It is able to grow under low water conditions and at very low temperatures.
It was described by Brazilian mycologist Augusto Chaves Batista in 1961.
Gymnopilus luteus also called the "Yellow Gymnopilus" is a widely distributed mushroom of the Eastern United States, it contains the hallucinogens psilocybin and psilocin.
It was described as new to science in 1852 by Elias Magnus Fries.
Hypocrellins were firstly found in another filamentous fungus Hypocrella bambuase, which is also parasitic on bamboos.
Dichopleuropus was circumscribed by English mycologist Derek Reid in 1965.
L. fungicola infects the casing layer on the cap structure of several edible mushrooms.
Calyptronectria is a genus of fungi in the family Melanommataceae.
Tylopilus sanctae-rosae is a bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.
Echinoplaca is a genus of lichens in the family Gomphillaceae.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Asteritea roureae.
Xanthoparmelia lavicola is a species of lichen from Parmeliaceae family that can be found in Arizona, California, and Ecuador.
Fruit bodies are purple and cup-shaped, measuring 1–3 cm in diameter.
Species in the family are mostly saprobic on wood, although some grow on lichens.
Clavulina ornatipes is a species of coral fungus in the family Clavulinaceae.
Mallochia is a genus of fungi in the family Gymnoascaceae.
Semidelitschia was circumscribed in 1969 by mycologists Roy Cain and Robena Luck-Allen to contain the type species, S. agasmatica, found in North America.
Mycena alcalina, commonly known as the stump fairy helmet mushroom, is a species of fungus in the Mycenaceae family.
Penicillium pseudostromaticum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from the mushroom Piptoporus betulinus which grew on the tree Betula populifolia.
Although the edibility of the fungus and its usage for human culinary purposes are unknown, several species of beetles use the fungus as a food source.
Cryptosporium minimum is an ascomycete fungus that is a plant pathogen.
Tricholoma fulvum is a mushroom of the agaric genus Tricholoma.
A single conk found on an aspen can indicate advanced decay of up 82% of the tree volume.
This species is better known as its anamorph, Botrytis cinerea.
Nemania is a genus of fungi in the family Xylariaceae.
Gymnopilus karnalensis is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
Suillus collinitus is a pored mushroom of the genus Suillus in the family Suillaceae.
Spilopodiella is a genus of fungi in the family Dermateaceae.
They can also be yellowish-orange coloured and have crowded gills that are pale yellow in colour.
It is a common post harvest disease commonly associated with citrus fruits.
It is found in tropical America, southeast Asia, and Australia, where it grows as a saprotroph on hardwood logs.
The genus was first described by German lichenologist Wilhelm Füisting in 1868.
Cliostomum is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Ramalinaceae.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Hymenobia aporea.
The genus was circumscribed by Leif Ryvarden and Robert Lee Gilbertson in 1984 to contain the type species Wolfiporia cocos and W. dilatohypha.
Ethanol production from such lignocellulosic residues does not compete with food production through the consumption of grain.
The Ceraceosorales are an order of smut fungi in the class Exobasidiomycetes.
There are three species in the genus, found in the USA and China.
Peziza is a large genus of saprophytic cup fungi that grow on the ground, rotting wood, or dung.
It is widely distributed and has been recorded in Argentina, Australia, Chile, the UK and Germany.
A second species, Saitoella coloradoensis, isolated from insect frass found on Engelmann spruce in Colorado, was described as new in 2012.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Basidiopycnis hyalina, found in Germany.
It has been recorded from Calakmul in Campeche province in Mexico.
Gymnopilus validipes contains the hallucinogens psilocybin and psilocin.
The Leotiaceae are a family of fungi in the order Leotiales.
First described in 2008 as a species of Cantharellus, it was transferred to the new genus Afrocantharellus in 2012.
Riedera is a genus of fungi in the Helotiales order.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Nothoclavulina ditopa, described by American mycologist Rolf Singer in 1970.
Haplobasidion musae is an ascomycete fungus that is a plant pathogen.
It is a plant pathogen infecting caneberries.
Based on closeness of internal transcribed spacer DNA, the closest relative of G. morbida is G. fassatiae.
The family contain contains 5 genera, and 67 species.
As both it common names and specific epithet suggest, the cup-shaped fruiting bodies are violet colored on the interior surface.
It was first described as Coprinus aureogranulatus by mycologists C.B.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Kobayasia nipponica.
Stropharia caerulea, commonly known as the blue roundhead, is an inedible species of agaric fungus in the family Strophariaceae.
Synonyms for Pleurocybella porrigens include Pleurotus porrigens, Phyllotus porrigens, Dendrosarcus porrigens, Pleurotellus porrigens, and Nothopanus porrigens.
Phanerochaete salmonicolor is a fungal plant pathogen disease which has become a serious problem, especially in Brazil.
Described as new to science in 2001, it is known only from Costa Rica, where it grows on oak wood.
Tylopilus temucensis is a bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.
The name was first published by Doweld in 2001; Bauer and colleagues later published it in 2006 as an isonym.
Physconia is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Physciaceae.
In Brazil, it has been found growing as an endophyte on the healthy leaves of fox grape.
At present four Schizosaccharomyces species have been described.
Found in Finland, it grows in northern boreal forests of predominantly Norway spruce.
Holocotylon is a genus of fungi in the family Agaricaceae.
It was named after mycologist Margaret E. Barr.
Scytalidium is a genus of fungi in the Helotiales order.
Xerula radicata, commonly known as the deep root mushroom or the rooting shank, is a widespread Agaric readily identified by its deeply rooted stalk.
Found in Europe, Northern Eurasia, and North America, it is known from temperate, boreal, and alpine or arctic habitats.
It was circumscribed by mycologist Franklin Sumner Earle in 1906.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Sarconiptera vinacea.
Boletus pallidus is a species of bolete fungus.
The fruit body has a white to yellowish convex to flattened cap measuring 3–10 cm in diameter.
The photobionts that have been found in association with members of this group are not known to associate with any other types of lichenized fungi.
It was described as new to science in 1992.
Like that species, it is also an ammonia fungus, growing on soil containing urea.
The spores are elliptical, typically measure 7–10 by 4–6 μm, and are white in deposit.
The specific epithet thaiduplicatocystidiata refers to its dimorphic pleurocystidia and cheilocystidia, and to Thailand.
Although the puffball was originally described as new to science by Elizabeth Eaton Morse in 1935, it was not published validly until 60 years later.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
Saccobolus glaber is a species of apothecial fungus belonging to the family Ascobolaceae.
The tips of the lobes form hood shaped soralia that produce powdery greenish yellow soredia.
Brettanomyces aka botanical myces is a non-spore forming genus of yeast in the family Saccharomycetaceae, and is often colloquially referred to as "Brett".
Placoparmelia is a genus of lichenized fungi within the Parmeliaceae family.
It is a red basidiomycete isolated from wood pulp from conifers.
Cyttaria is a genus of ascomycete fungi.
The fruiting bodies appear in coniferous woodlands in autumn in northern Europe and North America.
Phomopsis coffeae is a plant pathogen infecting coffee.
Found in Western Australia, it gets its common name from the propensity of the fruiting bodies to spring out of decomposing animal remains.
There is a smell of carrion, more noticeable with age.
The genus has a widespread distribution and contains about fifty species.
These conidia germinate in polycyclic microcycles until the end of the growing season.
Its fruit bodies have a convex, pale charcoal-colored cap measuring 4.3–11 cm and 1.5–3 cm thick.
Armillaria mellea is widely distributed in temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere.
Microbotryum violaceum, also known as the anther smut fungus, was formerly known as Ustilago violacea.
Ascochalara is a genus of fungi within the Chaetosphaeriaceae family.
Australian mycologist Cheryl Grgurinovic recognized Cleland's collections as a distinct species, officially describing it in 1997.
Mycobilimbia is a genus of lichens in the family Lecideaceae.
Gymnopilus hypholomoides is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
It is characterized by having divaricatic acid, zeorin, and nordivaricatic acid, which is in lower concentrations than L. crassissima and L. cryophila.
The genus contains 13 or 19 species.
The widespread genus is estimated to contain 15 species.
This fungus is hemibiotroph, with two characteristic phases: biotrophic and saprotrophic.
V. bombycina contains compounds with antibacterial properties.
First described in 1860 by Berkeley and Curtis, the species was collected four years earlier during an exploring and surveying expedition.
Hygrocybe virescens, commonly known as the lime-green waxy cap, is a species of agaric mushroom in the Hygrophoraceae family.
Fistulinella was circumscribed by German mycologist Paul Christoph Hennings in 1901.
This species is found in South America.
Howard James Banker transferred it to the genus Sarcodon in 1906.
Termitomyces umkowaan is a species of agaric fungus in the family Lyophyllaceae.
The species was first described scientifically in 1993 as Aureoboletus reticuloceps, and later transferred to the genus Boletus in 2005.
Peltula is a genus of small dark brown to olive or dark gray squamulose lichens that can be saxicolous) or terricolous.
Penicillium vanbeymae is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium.
Known from the Lesser Antillean islands of Saba and St. Maarten/St.
It was originally named as a species of Gastroboletus but was found to be in Boletus sensu stricto in a 2013 molecular phylogenetics study.
Gymnopilus junonius is a species of mushroom in the family Cortinariaceae.
Saccharomyces is a genus of fungi that includes many species of yeasts.
Nimbospora is a genus of fungi in the family Halosphaeriaceae.
Despite being edible, it is not recommended by some because of its poor taste, though can be used as seasoning when dried.
Cladosporium velox is a fungus found in hypersaline environments.
The stipe is up to 10 cm long and 3 cm wide, with brown scabers on an underlying yellowish surface.
It is responsible for a grapevine trunk disease.
Within the genus Xeromphalina, X. setulipes is classified in the section Mutabiles, along with several other species.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown, and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any order.
Ganoderma sessile is a species of polypore fungus in the Ganodermataceae family.
Anisomycopsis is a genus of fungi within the Diaporthales order, class Sordariomycetes.
Characters in this genus include a white calyptra, and lamellate plates covered with gleba.
Most members of this genus are of unknown edibility and are difficult to identify as separate species without use of microscopy.
Polystomellina is a genus of fungi in the Microthyriaceae family; according to the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota, the placement in this family is uncertain.
Diplochorina is a genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.
The name comes from the Greek sarco meaning flesh and soma meaning body.
Molecular studies have shown that the fungus is found in China, Java, Hawaii, Israel, New Zealand, India, Turkey, and three countries in Africa.
It was described as new to science in 1948 by Wei-Fan Chiu.
Also, the placement of this genus within the Dothideomycetes is uncertain.
Camaropella is a genus of fungi within the Boliniaceae family.
The mushroom is characterized by the very distinct color changes that occur in the cap throughout development.
The species has numerous human uses, including use in perfume, embalming and in medicine.
Calyptella is a genus of fungus in the Marasmiaceae family of mushrooms.
Described in 2008, the genus contains two species, A. andreaeicola and A. grisea, that were collected from high elevations in the Scottish Highlands.
Niebla and Ramalina are related genera distinguished by the hyphae forming multiple longitudinal gelatinized cords, within the medulla.
He transferred it to the genus Sarcodon in 1984.
Cryptosphaeria is a genus of fungi in the family Diatrypaceae.
Kneallhazia solenopsae has a life cycle that is almost perfectly adapted to the parasitization of fire ant colonies.
Though primarily growing upon dead wood, especially oak, it is also capable of growing upon still-living wood.
As its common names imply, the fruit body, or mushroom, can become quite large—the cap reaches diameters of up to 40 cm.
Achaetobotrys is a genus of fungi within the Antennulariellaceae family.
Loxosporopsis is a genus of lichenized fungi in the Pertusariaceae family.
Obscurodiscus is a genus of fungi in the family Dermateaceae.
The fruiting bodies are found associated with pine and spruce.
Although taxa have a cosmopolitan distribution, they are better-known in temperate regions.
Corn is affected in large numbers in the United States by this fungus, especially certain varieties that have been genetically engineered.
This species is found in South America.
Trappea is a genus of truffle-like fungi in the Trappeaceae family.
There is a project underway to produce strains containing knockout mutants of every N. crassa gene.
It grows in late July to November in the east and in the winter on the west coast of North America.
It is a small mycorrhizal mushroom that contains the hallucinogens psilocybin and psilocin.
It has since been isolated in other plants in other continents, and is considered a plant pathogen.
Verrucaria is a genus of fungi in the family Verrucariaceae.
It was first described in 1805 by Johannes Baptista von Albertini and Lewis David de Schweinitz as Peziza clavus.
Ladurner and Simonini published a monograph on Xerocomus in 2003.
The genus contains 2 or 3 species.
Described as a new species in 2004, it was originally found in the Thai highlands growing in sandy or laterite-rich soil in dry lowland dipterocarp forests.
Hypoderma is a genus of fungi within the Rhytismataceae family.
These counties are both near the Jinsha River.
The fungus has been shown to bioaccumulate various heavy metal from contaminated soil.
The Ostropomycetidae are a subclass of fungi in the class Lecanoromycetes.
Cercospora apii is a fungal plant pathogen, who causes leaf spot on celery, and found on other plants, including Impatiens.
It was first isolated from the hidgut of Mastotermes darwiniensis.
It influences stand structure and succession in temperate rainforests.
Found in Sabah, Malaysia, it was described as new to science in 1994 by English mycologist E.J.H.
The genus contains six species that are widespread in northern temperate areas.
At present it contains the single species Quatsinoporites cranhamii.
Pyrenopeziza brassicae is a plant pathogen infecting Brassicaceae.
Phaeotrichum is a genus of fungi in the family Phaeotrichaceae.
Caloboletus rubripes, commonly known as the red-stipe bolete or the red-stemmed bitter bolete, is a mushroom in the family Boletaceae.
Moreover, Scleroderma citrinum has much firmer flesh and a dark gleba much earlier in development than puffballs.
Until recently, the species was also commonly called Conocybe lactea or Conocybe albipes and is colloquially known as the White Dunce Cap .
First called Agaricus prunus in 1794 by Christian Hendrik Persoon, it was assigned its current name in 1871 by German Paul Kummer.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Appendichordella amicta.
Ophionectria portoricensis is a species of fungus that was first described by Carlos E. Chardón in 1921.
Found in South America and Madagascar, the fruit bodies of the fungus are bioluminescent.
This species will not grow without any lipid supplementation.
Melanomma is a genus of fungi in the family Melanommataceae.
Cheimonophyllum is a genus of fungi in the family Cyphellaceae.
Penicillium calidicanium is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from soil in Taiwan.
It is one of many types of rust fungi affecting plants.
Helminthopeltis is a genus of fungi in the Microthyriaceae family; according to the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota, the placement in this family is uncertain.
Punctelia is a genus of lichens belonging to the family Parmeliaceae.
The subdivision contains 9 classes, 20 orders, and 37 families.
The genus has a widespread distribution, especially in north and south temperate regions, and contains about 12 species.
Hydnellum cristatum is a tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae found in Europe and North America.
They measure up to 2 cm in diameter, and are attached to thin, hollow stems that are up to 13 cm long.
The mushrooms appear in groups or fairy rings in late summer and autumn.
It was described as new to science in 1951 by Wally Snell, Ester Dick, and Lexemuel Ray Hesler.
A third species, P. irregularis, was described in 1982.
Found in Argentina, it was described as new to science by mycologist Rolf Singer in 1969.
Amanita bisporigera is a deadly poisonous species of fungus in the family Amanitaceae.
Blumeria and Erysiphe are different in their digitate haustoria and in details of their the conidial wall.
It was first isolated from animals in Japan and Brazil.
The asexual, or conidial stage of C. fulgens is the plant pathogenic species Geniculodendron pyriforme, known to infect dormant seeds of the Sitka spruce.
They also contain significant amounts of vitamin D.
The white flesh bruises yellowish and has a bitter taste.
Found in New Zealand, it was described scientifically by New Zealand mycologist Greta Stevenson in 1962.
Six species are known, five of which were described within the span of 2007-2013.
Echinodiscus is a genus of fungi in the Helotiales order.
Ganoderma zonatum is a plant pathogen that infects the palm species causing butt rot.
"Damage [to plants] includes mortality, top kill, branch dieback, and predisposition to attack by other agents, including bark beetles" [1].
Gasteroagaricoides is a fungal genus in the family Psathyrellaceae.
Madurella mycetomatis is a fungus primarily reported in Central Africa as a cause of mycetoma in humans.
Tubeufia pezizula is a plant pathogen infecting sweetgums.
Radulomyces confluens is a species of crust fungus in the family Pterulaceae.
The Entorrhizomycetes are a class of fungi in the division Basidiomycota.
Peyronellaea curtisii is a fungal plant pathogen first described by Miles Joseph Berkeley and received its current name in 2010.
In America, V. longsiporum primarily effects eudicot plants.
Found in Chandigarh, India, it was described as new to science in 2015.
Phyllocrea is a genus of fungi in the family Phyllachoraceae.
Kensinjia is a genus of fungi within the Melanconidaceae family.
Other clinical syndromes include brain abscess, peritonitis, and onychomycosis.
Thelephora is a genus of fungi in the family Thelephoraceae.
Cenococcum is a genus of two species of fungi in the family Gloniaceae.
Aseroe floriformis is a species of fungus in the stinkhorn family Phallaceae.
Penicillium tropicum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from soil beneath a Coffea arabica plant in Karnataka in India.
Melanamphora is a genus of fungi within the Melanconidaceae family.
Once turf is infected with O. korrae, it kills turf roots and crowns.
Attamyces is a fungal genus in the family Agaricaceae.
The fungus was first described in 1982 after it was found infecting potatoes in Australia.
It has a yellow base to the stem.
It is named after late American mycologist Daniel Elliot Stuntz.
It was described in 1888 from species collected near Menands, New York by American mycologist Charles Horton Peck.
The greatest diversity occurs in the Northern Hemisphere although the family Lobariaceae is most diverse in the Southern Hemisphere.
Artomyces pyxidatus can be observed throughout North America during the growing season.
It is found all year and is common in northern temperate woodlands of eastern North America, Europe, and Asia.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Tilakiella indica.
The Lobariaceae are a lichenized family of fungi in the order Peltigerales.
Its best-known member is the yellow pot-plant mushroom, found worldwide.
Helminthascus is a genus of fungi within the Clavicipitaceae family.
The bulbous stipe base is covered with a membranous sac-like volva.
This is a European species appearing as tiny off-white discs, with toothed edges, up to 1 mm across on animal dung, especially that of rodents.
Sarcoscypha is a genus of ascomycete fungus in the family Sarcoscyphaceae.
Dibotryon morbosum or Apiosporina morbosa is a plant pathogen, which is the causal agent of black knot.
Closely related species include M. stylobates and M. adscendens.
It has been found in Koh Samui, a small tropical island in Thailand, where some psychoactive species are consumed by both natives and tourists.
Species in the family are ectomycorrhizal, forming a mutually beneficial relationship with the roots of trees and other plants.
According to the Dictionary of the Fungi, the widespread genus contains 48 species.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Sporostigma melaspora.
Sarcodon rimosus is common in the states of Idaho, Oregon, and Washington, where it fruits in groups under pines, or in coniferous forest.
Neofusicoccum is a genus of fungi in the family Botryosphaeriaceae.
The epithet, zebrina, is in reference to the black transverse bands on the thallus branches; however, the species is interpreted to include thalli without black bands.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Pseudolecanactis filicicola.
Some species of Pleosporales occur on animal dung and a small number occur as lichens  and rock-inhabiting fungi.
Actidium is a genus of fungi in the family Mytilinidiaceae.
This required the latter group to be renamed.
Rostraureum is a genus of fungi in the family Cryphonectriaceae.
Gymnopilus spinulifer is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
Glypholecia is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Acarosporaceae.
The genus has a pantropical distribution, and contains 27 species.
Pachydisca is a genus of fungi in the family Helotiaceae; according to the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota, the placement in this family is uncertain.
Hydnellum auratile was first described as a species of Hydnum by German mycologist Max Britzelmayr in 1891.
Recent evidence suggests some true A. niger strains do produce ochratoxin A.
It is known to form fairy rings.
The fruit bodies, or mushrooms, have a conical brownish cap up to 2 cm in diameter atop a slender stem up to 8 cm long.
Penicillium primulinum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium.
Ticonectria is a fungal genus in the order Hypocreales.
The fungus is found in Europe and North America, where it grows as a saprophyte on partially buried sticks and roots.
The fungal spores are brought into these tunnels by the beetles and begin to colonize the damaged cells inside the tunnels.
Tyromyces chioneus, commonly known as the white cheese polypore, is a species of polypore fungus.
Hypotrachyna indica is a species of lichen in the family Parmeliaceae.
Also, the placement of this genus within the Dothideomycetes is uncertain.
Morchella guatemalensis is a species of ascomycete fungus in the family Morchellaceae.
Although some older literature claims the name is synonymous with Omphalotus olearius, phylogenetic analysis confirms they are distinct species.
Glugea merluccii - a parasite of the fish Merluccius hubbsi
They are contiguous but clearly separated by well defined cracks.
Tricholoma umbraticum is an agaric fungus of the genus Tricholoma.
narcissi-orchidacearum Boerema & Kesteren is a cause of rust in daffodils and various wild Orchidaceae.
It is found in Australia, where it occurs in eucalypt forests and woodlands.
Lasiobolidium is a genus of fungi in the family Pyronemataceae.
Fistulinella nivea is a bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae found in New Zealand.
It was described as new to science in 1991 by mycologist Rolf Singer.
It is common in rotting wood, but can also cause disease in humans.
The mushroom contains the medicinal compound psilocybin.
Phyllosticta sojaecola is a plant pathogen infecting soybean and peanut.
Mycologist Cheryl Grgurinovic transferred it to Melanoleuca in 2002.
Plectronidium australiense is a species of anamorphic fungus.
On the cap underside are decurrent gills
Aleurina is a genus of fungi in the family Pyronemataceae.
Agaricus silvicola is very similar but has a less dramatic bruising reaction, more yellowish than tawny, a normal rather than stocky stature, and slightly smaller spores.
The gills and the stem are white, and in moist environments are often covered with droplets of a translucent liquid.
Cantharellus subalbidus, the white chanterelle, is a fungus native to California and the Pacific Northwest region of North America.
The genus has a widespread distribution, especially in northern temperate areas.
This mushroom is closely related to Psilocybe stuntzii but can be distinguished by its smaller spores and the presence of pleurocystidia.
The scientific name is taken from the Chinese hero Li Kui, who had a dark face.
Lentinellus montanus is a species of agaric fungus in the family Auriscalpiaceae.
The genus was circumscribed by Phillippe Edouard Leon van Tieghem in 1875.
Pleochaeta is a genus of fungi in the family Erysiphaceae.
It has also been found on hops causing a necrotic blight on the cones.
Rhodocollybia butyracea, common name Buttery Collybia, is a species of fungus in the Marasmiaceae family of mushrooms.
Retiboletus ornatipes, commonly known as the ornate-stalked bolete or goldstalk, is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.
Gomphus albidocarneus is a species of fungus in the genus Gomphus, family Gomphaceae.
Agaricus macrosporus is a rare, edible mushroom found from June at wood fringes and in meadows.
The cap of L. flexuosus can reach 10 cm in diameter.
Terana is a fungal genus in the family Phanerochaetaceae.
Fistulinella mollis has been recorded from Mount Wellington in Tasmania.
It grows on dead wood and is also a weak pathogen; infecting especially broad-leaved trees.
The normal variety is the causative agent of classic histoplasmosis; Histoplasma capsulatum var.
Boletus roseolateritius is a bolete fungus found in the southern United States and northeast Mexico.
This group also includes a number of russuloid hypogeous fungi, polypores such as Bondarzewia, some tooth fungi, and club fungi e.g.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Ascosorus floridanus.
Found in Chiang Mai Province, it was described as new to science in 2010.
The genus was circumscribed by Karl Ludwig Willdenow in 1787.
Described as new to science in 1964, it is known only from New Zealand and Australia.
Geopora sumneriana is a species of European fungus belonging to the family Pyronemataceae.
Suillus quiescens is a pored mushroom of the genus Suillus in the family Suillaceae.
Dwayaangam is a genus of fungi in the family Orbiliaceae consisting of 8 species.
Glutinoglossum heptaseptatum is a species of earth tongue fungus in the family Geoglossaceae.
The Botryosphaeriaceae are a family of sac fungi.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single corticioid species Hypochnella violacea, found in Europe.
Phallus celebicus is a species of fungus in the stinkhorn family.
Its hymenial surface is distinctive from other polypores due to the presence of gills.
Malassezia caprae is a fungus first isolated in goats, which can cause opportunistic infections in animals.
The edibility of the mushroom is not known.
The type genus Psathyrella consists of species that produce fruiting bodies which do not liquify via autodigestion.
It forms a layer of dark hyphae on the exoskeleton of affected hosts.
C. piperatus and C. piperatoides are peppery-tasting, the former is edible while the latter is unknown.
Fibrodontia is a genus of fungi in the Hydnodontaceae family.
The thick, stout stalk has many chambered walls.
Craig and Levetin claim to have observed it in Oklahoma.
The upper cap surface is initially pale brown but darken in maturity.
Rhodocollybia laulaha is a species of fungus in the family Marasmiaceae.
The genus name, which combines the Greek word for fire with the Latin word pyxis, refers to the segregation of this species from the genus Geopyxis.
Taeniolella is a genus of anamorphic fungi in the family Mytilinidiaceae.
Calostoma is a genus of 29 species of gasteroid fungi in the suborder Sclerodermatineae.
Phomopsis caricae-papayae is a plant pathogen infecting papayas.
Mucor velutinosus is a fungus first isolated from human clinical specimens in the US.
The genus contains two widely distributed species.
The large, edible fruiting bodies known as mushrooms appear under pine trees, generally in May to June.
Lasallia pustulata is a species of lichen in the Umbilicariaceae family of fungi.
First described from Cuba, it is also found in Trinidad, Africa, Mexico, and Central America and South America.
Cunninghammyces is a genus of corticioid fungi in the family Cyphellaceae.
Cortinarius semisanguineus is a medium-sized mushroom with a pale brown to ochre cap, and bright blood-red gills.
A classic "wastebasket taxon", the family is inclusive of any white-, yellow-, or pink-spored genera in the Agaricales not already classified as belonging to e.g.
This disease is spread by wind and water splash and can further infect the spruce it currently resides on, or a neighboring spruce.
Leccinellum nigrescens was designated the type species; this taxon has since been renamed to Leccinellum crocipodium Della Maggiora & Trassinelli.
The disease is a common concern on golf course turf, but is rare in sports turf and professional landscapes.
Psilopezia is a genus of fungi in the Pyronemataceae family.
Apiorhynchostoma is a genus of fungi in the family Clypeosphaeriaceae; according to the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota, the placement in this family is uncertain.
The family collectively contains over 1500 species, the large majority of which are in Entoloma.
Thus genus was circumscribed in 1961 by mycologist J.T.
Described as very tasty by some authors, king stropharia is easily cultivated on a medium similar to that on which it grows naturally.
nordmanensis, is known from the United States, Canada, and Switzerland.
It is found in Indonesia, where it associates with Theobroma cacao.
A 2008 estimate placed 42 species in the genus, but several new species have since been described.
betae is a destructive fungal plant pathogen.
They are collectively termed the Black Yeasts.
Parthenope is a genus of fungi in the Helotiales order.
The fungus grows in a mycorrhizal association with dwarf birch species.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Rossiomyces falcatus.
Malassezia is naturally found on the skin surfaces of many animals, including humans.
Most species are found at high latitudes, occurring on sand or heath.
Hebeloma theobrominum is a species of agaric fungus in the family Hymenogastraceae.
Found in North America, it was described as new to science in 1872 by mycologist Charles Horton Peck.
Acallomyces is a genus of fungi in the family Laboulbeniaceae.
Herpotrichia is a genus of fungi in the family Lophiostomataceae.
who carried out mitochondrial DNA studies, refer to the name L. muscarium.
They have been used to flavor confections and desserts.
In squamulous specimens, the lower surface can be seen, and is shiny and dark.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Xenolecia spadicomma.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the order is unknown, and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any family.
Russula queletii otherwise known as the gooseberry russula, is a common, inedible, Russula mushroom found growing in groups, predominantly in spruce forest.
Rosellinia bunodes is a plant pathogen infecting several hosts including avocados, bananas, cacao and tea.
It is also said to have medicinal properties.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
The main vegetative body is made of patches of soredia.
It was described as new to science in 2010 from specimens collected in the southern United States.
The cap is white, with a pale cinnamon-ochraceous colored center and a slightly grooved margin.
The fungus was named after Reverend John Stevenson, who in 1874 made the type collection in Glamis, Scotland.
Xylostroma is a genus of fungi in the family Fomitopsidaceae.
Lecanicillium muscarium Zare & W. Gams 2001: pathogens of whiteflies and thrips
It was described as new to science in 1978 by Norwegian mycologist Leif Ryvarden.
Disease management strategies for Raspberry Leaf Spot include the use of genetically resistant raspberry plant varieties and chemical fungicide sprays.
The species produces fruit bodies which vary in appearance depending on whether they are wet or dry.
There also exists a variety known as Amanita franchetii var.
foveata is a fungal plant pathogen infecting potatoes.
Maculatifrondes is a genus of fungi in the order Phyllachorales.
The species was first described by Charles Horton Peck as Boletus acidus in 1905.
Resinicium bicolor is a plant pathogen infecting Douglas Firs .
The Sclerodermataceae are a family of fungi in the order Boletales, containing several genera of unusual fungi that little resemble boletes.
It is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Schinzinia pustulosa.
cannabis is a fungal plant pathogen infecting hemp.
It is a basidiomycete in the order Boletales.
Gymnopilus terrestris is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
Mycosphaerella juglandis is a fungal plant pathogen.
Cystoderma carcharias, is a species of agaric in the fungal family Agaricaceae.
Penicillium lassenii is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium.
Saccharomyces arboricolus, a type of ascomycetous yeast in first isolated from tree bark.
Gyrodon crassipes is a bolete mushroom described in 1983 from Ethiopia.
Menegazzia megalospora is a species of lichen from South America.
The pathogen is known to cause serious plant losses by attacking primarily the roots and lower stems of plants.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Xenotypa aterrima.
Caloplaca durietzii a smooth surfaced yellowish orange crustose areolate lichen with elongated lobes that grows on wood or bark in southwestern North America.
The appearance can be somewhat variable and is similar to a number of other species, including Cudonia confusa, C. circinans, L. atrovirens and L. viscosa.
Albatrellus piceiphilus is a species of fungus in the family Albatrellaceae.
They are ascomycetes that have stalked/stessile and dimporphic ascomata, hyphal stalk cells that are about 40 μm wide.
Lacunospora is a lichenized genus of fungi within the Lasiosphaeriaceae family.
The mushroom has orangish-yellow caps that reach up to 20 cm in diameter, and thick club-shaped stipes up to 15 cm long.
It is found in the United States, Sudan, Israel, Cyprus, South America, and India.
Morchella semilibera, commonly called the half-free morel, is a species of fungus in the family Morchellaceae native to Europe and Asia.
The asci are roughly cylindrical, measuring 300–325 µm by 12–15 µm.
Sphaceloma menthae is a plant pathogen infecting mint.
Jarmania is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Ramalinaceae.
Hydnellum species produce pigments that have been used to dye textiles.
Fungicides effective against stem rust are available as well.
Athelia rolfsii is a corticioid fungus in the family Atheliaceae.
Basidiospores are produced upon basidia that are borne within the fungal hymenium that coats the interior surface of gleba locules.
Gabarnaudia is a genus of anamorphic fungi in the family Ceratocystidaceae.
Kleidiomyces is a genus of fungi in the family Laboulbeniaceae.
Porphyrellus porphyrosporus, commonly known as the dusky bolete, is a rare fungus belonging to the family Boletaceae.
For example, there are over 290 races of P. coronata.
Hypoflavia is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Caliciaceae.
Under the outer bark, orange and brown patches of necrosis spread out from leaf nodes until they encircle the stem, which then dies.
Achorodothis is a genus of fungi in the family Mycosphaerellaceae.
Found in Chile, it was described as new to science by mycologist Rolf Singer in 1969.
The gleba is white initially, but turns brown and powdery when the spores mature.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Themisia nuda.
Arniella is a genus of fungi within the Lasiosphaeriaceae family.
Lichen spot tests are strongly C+ and KC+ red in the cortex.
The genus was, for a time, considered synonymous with Endothia, but the two are now recognised as distinct.
Lactarius acicularis is a member of the large milk-cap genus Lactarius in the order Russulales.
Astraeus morganii is a species of false earthstar in the family Diplocystaceae.
Melanoleuca privernensis is a species of fungus in the Pluteaceae family.
It forms arbuscular mycorrhiza and vesicles in roots.
Steccherinum is a widely distributed genus of hydnoid crust fungi in the family Steccherinaceae.
The cap shape can be convex, plane, or depressed.
Formally described in 2011, it is known only from Hawaiian montane wet forests where it grows on aging hāpuʻu plants.
The spore print is white, while individual spores are elliptical, smooth, amyloid, and measure 4–7 by 2.5–3.5 µm.
As its common name implies, it is characterized by the white coloring of its stem.
Gliocladiopsis tenuis is a fungal plant pathogen.
It used to be very common on elm.
Spegazzinia is also a synonym of the cactus genus Rebutia.
Cortinarius maculobulga is a species of truffle-like fungus in the family Cortinariaceae.
The elliptical spores are 12–15 by 4 µm.
Agaricus pattersoniae is an edible species of mushroom.
The genus contains two species, distributed in Malaysia and New Caledonia.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Jugulospora rotula.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
Most Sordariales are saprobic, producing solitary perithecial ascomata.
Lactarius subtorminosus may be distinguished from the similar L. torminosus by its milder latex and smaller spores.
The thick stem, roughly the same color as the cap or lighter, is hollowed out into chambers.
The disease usually appears during wet weather.
Crumenulopsis is a genus of fungi in the family Helotiaceae.
It fruits in autumn, producing large, edible mushrooms with slimy caps and stems.
Plicaturopsis is a genus of fungi in the family Amylocorticiaceae.
Sporisorium ehrenbergi is a species of fungus in the Ustilaginaceae family.
Mycena californiensis is a species of fungus in the Mycenaceae family.
Monitoring sites were revisited in May to July 2012 and a measurable adverse impact of the fungus on mistflower was recorded.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Dubitatio dubitationum, found in temperate South America.
Cercosporella is a fungus genus in the family Mycosphaerellaceae.
Coronoplectrum is a genus of lichenized fungi within the Parmeliaceae family.
The fungus has been identified as a plant and animal pathogen, and has recently been recognized as an emerging opportunistic human pathogen.
Most species in the genus were described by E. J. H. Corner in 1987.
Sarcodon ustalis is a species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae.
The basidiocarps are edible and are occasionally collected and sold commercially.
The bolete was reported from a Mexican beech forest in Hidalgo, Mexico in 2010.
Candida keroseneae is a species of yeast in the genus Candida, family Saccharomycetaceae.
The order contains 2 families, 9 genera, and 114 species.
Its fruitbodies have hemispherical to convex caps measuring 4–10 cm in diameter.
In California, it mostly grows on mostly conifer in the Coast Range, but also in the western slopes of the Sierra Nevada range.
The smooth, ellipsoid, spores measure 11–13 by 20–22 µm and contain numerous oil droplets.
The Pyxidiophoraceae are mostly coprophilous fungi that associate with mites and other arthropods.
Shiraia bambusicola is a parasitic fungus on twigs of several genera of bamboos, and its relatively large stromata are used in traditional Chinese medicine.
The anamorph o f T. yallundae is the W-type strain of Pseudocercosporella herpotrichoides.
It is a monotypic genus containing the sole species Stalagmites tumefaciens.
The genus name, meaning "nerve spore" refers to the characteristic striations on the spores that resemble axons.
Spores of S. ustalis are roughly spherical, covered in small, coarse warts up to 1.5 µm, and measure 6.5–8 by 5.5–7 µm.
Cochliobolus ravenelii is a fungal plant pathogen.
Sphaceloma coryli is a plant pathogen infecting hazelnuts.
It exists only in a few small populations in Florida.
Hydnellum tardum is a tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae.
Hebeloma spoliatum is a species of mushroom in the Hymenogastraceae family.
Common names include dead man's foot and dyeball.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single crustose species Loxosporopsis corallifera, found in northwestern North America.
Acanthostigma multiseptatum is a species of fungus in the Tubeufiaceae family of fungi.
The genus has a widespread distribution and contains five species.
Erioderma pedicellatum is a medium-sized, foliose lichen in the family Pannariaceae, commonly called boreal felt lichen because of its fuzzy appearance.
Copper was historically used to control C. beticola in the field though today fungicides are more common.
The species is distinguished by obclavate, rostrate, 1-euseptate, pale brown, smooth-walled conidia.
Tylopilus bulbosus is a bolete fungus of the genus Tylopilus.
It is distributed in European pine forests, and has a preference for calcareous soils.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
They can be distinguished from other Cortinarius species by:
It was described as new to science in 1973 by American mycologist Alexander H. Smith.
Majority of the human cases reported are associated with pig farming.
S. brevisporum, S. bulbosporophorus, and S. inexpectans have been noted growing together, for example.
Rolfidium is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Ramalinaceae.
Corallomycetella is a genus of ascomycete fungi in the family Nectriaceae.
It causes wet weather blight in cotton and it can be treated with systemic copper.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Wenyingia sichuanensis, found in 1997 in the western Sichuan Province in China.
A monotypic genus, Filariomyces contains the single species Filariomyces forficulae.
It was reportedly first discovered on leaf mulch in Highgate Woods, north London.
The fruit body has a 5.5–10 cm diameter cap that has a texture reminiscent of suede or chamois and can be sticky when young.
Dactylina arctica is a species of fungus within the family Parmeliaceae.
Gremmeniella abietina is a plant pathogen that causes scleroderris canker.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Cornipulvina ellipsoides.
Porodiscus is a genus of fungi within the class Sordariomycetes.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Stegothyrium denudans.
It is blackish-green when wet, and dark brownish-green to dark olive when dry.
Many of the species are plant diseases of major economic importance, causing significant damage and heavy mortality in conifers.
Spoilage resulting from growth of the yeast Zygosaccharomyces is widespread, which has caused significant economic losses to the food industry.
The genus is named after American botanist and lichenologist Emanuel David Rudolph.
circumscribed by Swiss mycologist Walter Jülich in 1974, As of June 2015, Index Fungorum lists eight species in the genus.
C. subalbidus may form a mycorrhizal association with species of pine, hemlock, Douglas-fir, and Pacific madrone.
The specific epithet mitrinodulisporus, which combines the Latin words mitra, nodulus, and spora, refers to the shape of the spores.
Some species are found in marine environments.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Barria piceae.
Gymnopilus obscurus is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
Each areola has a single sunken black, dust covered fruiting body with a white rim.
Arthuriomyces peckianus is a fungal plant pathogen, which causes orange rust on members of the genus Rubus, and various species of berries.
The mushroom contains several compounds that act as deterrents to deter feeding by insects.
Chytrids are saprobic, degrading refractory materials such as chitin and keratin, and sometimes act as parasites.
Morchella conica is an old binomial name previously applied to species of fungi in the Morchellaceae family.
The Pyronemataceae are a family of fungi in the order Pezizales.
Usually associated with decay, they are usually found in association with dead wood, rotting plants, and in soil or dung.
A separate introduction affected the southern hemisphere.
Agaricus arvensis, commonly known as the horse mushroom, is a mushroom of the genus Agaricus.
Also, unlike H. coralloides, it grows on hardwood logs and stumps.
It has been used often in laboratory research.
The flesh has an elastic to gelatinous texture.
Proliferodiscus is a genus of fungi within the Hyaloscyphaceae family.
Psilophana is a genus of fungi in the Helotiales order.
The genus is also monotypic, as it contains a single species, the aquatic fungus Limnoperdon incarnatum.
The widespread genus contains three species that grow in Diptera.
Ommatomyces is a genus of fungi in the family Amphisphaeriaceae.
The toxic properties of the mushroom are attributed to compounds called illudins.
Cortinarius bovinatus is an agaric fungus in the family Cortinariaceae.
It includes a single, identically defined family, the Gloeophyllaceae, in which are included the genera Gloeophyllum, Neolentinus, Heliocybe, and Veluticeps.
Chrysoconia is a genus of fungi within the Coniophoraceae family.
Found in the Dominican Republic, it was described as new to science in 2007.
The fungus grows predominantly in coniferous forests, forming symbiotic ectomycorrhizal associations with living trees by enveloping the tree's underground roots with sheaths of fungal tissue.
Spores are smooth-walled, somewhat spindle-shaped to cylindric, and typically measure 8.6–11.4 by 3.3–4 µm.
It was first described in 1893 by German mycologist Max Britzelmayr; Rolf Singer moved it to Psathyrella in 1951.
Common and widespread throughout eastern North America, Amanita flavoconia grows on the ground in broad-leaved and mixed forests, especially in mycorrhizal association with hemlock.
Species in this genus are easily recognizable because the dark spores create a distinctive greenish effect on the yellow cap underside.
Phylogenetic relationships were established in isolates from Northern Brazil, through fingerprinting polymorphic RAPD and M13 markers.
Arachniotus is a genus of fungi within the family Gymnoascaceae.
Psilocybe zapotecoantillarum is a species of mushroom in the Strophariaceae family.
Members are found in soil, fresh water, and saline estuaries.
Pouzar transferred Laurilia taxodii to the genus in 1968.
Lepraria pacifica is a whitish-blue-green leprose crustose lichens that grows on its substrate like patches of granular, caked-up, mealy dust grains.
Tricholoma uropus is an agaric fungus of the genus Tricholoma.
Trichophaea hemisphaerioides is a species of apothecial fungus belonging to the family Pyronemataceae.
Penicillium amaliae is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium.
Menegazzia wandae is a species of lichen found in South America.
The Tremellomycetes are a class of dimorphic fungi.
Gyroporus umbrinosquamosus is a species of bolete fungus in the family Gyroporaceae.
The lichen produces large apothecia, a reproductive structure.
It was initially circumscribed by mycologists R. Bauer, Begerow, J.P.
Erikssonia is a genus of fungi in the family Phyllachoraceae.
The range of M. ulmaria overlaps with M. americana, which cannot be reliably distinguished from M. cryptica without DNA sampling.
The genus in distributed in Africa and South America, and contains six species.
Fruitbodies of the type collection were found growing in the ground under Cassia.
The fungus produces roughly spherical spores that are tuberculate and measure 5.5–6.5 by 4.5–5.5 μm.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Heinemannomyces splendidissima, found in peninsular Malaysia.
S. pungens can usually be distinguished from other similar Suillus species by differences in distribution, odor and taste.
Cryptandromyces is a genus of fungi in the family Laboulbeniaceae.
The fruiting structures of a few species contain psychotropic compounds and are consumed recreationally or in traditional spiritual ceremonies.
Penicillium rudallense is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from the Karlamilyi National Park in Western Australia.
Lacrymaria lacrymabunda is a species of fungus in the family Psathyrellaceae.
The gills are initially pale, then grey, and finally dark purple-brown in colour.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Ascocratera manglicola.
The Exoteliospora is a monotypic genus of smut fungi in the family Melanopsichiaceae containing the single species Exoteliospora osmundae.
The Cladina morpho-types are often referred to as forage lichens, mat-forming lichens, or reindeer lichens.
Species in this genus produce a number of bioactive compounds, including 4-(p-hydroxyphenyl)-2-butanone, a major component of raspberry flavor and insect attractor used in pesticides.
P. camemberti is responsible for the soft, buttery texture of Brie and Camembert, but a too high concentration may lead to an undesirable bitter taste.
Aspergillus terreus, also known as Aspergillus terrestris, is a fungus found worldwide in soil.
Chlorolepiota is a genus of fungi in the family Agaricaceae.
The genome sequence of the type species, Phlebiopsis gigantea, was published in 2014.
Oligoporus species have fruit bodies that are either crust-like or pileate.
The Georgefischeriaceae are a family of smut fungi in the Basidiomycota, class Exobasidiomycetes.
A widely distributed species, it has been recorded in Australia, Asia, Europe, North America, and South America.
It is the teleomorph of Tuberculina persicina which is its mycoparasitic anamorph.
Common names are Willow bracket and Fire sponge
Erysiphe flexuosa is a plant pathogen that causes powdery mildew on horse chestnut.
The first report of a gilled mushroom fruiting underwater is Psathyrella aquatica.
The effect, impact and significance of infection by this fungus is rooted in the fact that it causes brown rot, which degrades the cellulose.
Tympanis is a genus of fungi in the family Helotiaceae.
It is found in Europe, Central America, North America, and India, where it grows in deciduous and mixed forests.
F. pseudograminearum is a member of the fungal phylum Ascomycota and is also known as Gibberella coronicola.
Although the familial placement is somewhat uncertain, molecular phylogenetic evidence based on the sequences of ribosomal DNA supports its positioning in the Phaeosphaeriaceae.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the order is unknown, and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any family.
Acaulospora thomii is a species of fungus in the family Acaulosporaceae.
Gastroboletus xerocomoides is a species of fungus in the family Boletaceae.
Calostoma cinnabarinum is a species of gasteroid fungus in the family Sclerodermataceae, and is the type species of the genus Calostoma.
Its stipe is notably scruffy from cystidioid end cells and unlike true Hydropus it does not bleed clear fluid.
The fruit bodies of this fungus have convex caps 4 to 10 cm across and ochre or tawny in colour with prominent darker brown fibres.
Geastrum leptospermum is a species of fungus in the Geastraceae family.
The family is not well defined, but currently comprises species of clavarioid fungi as well as some corticioid fungi.
Circumscribed in 1980 by mycologist Robert Fogel, the genus contains two species found in the Canary Islands and Asia.
C. albidosimilis is DBB positive, and produces amylose.
Exserohilum antillanum is a species of fungus in the family Pleosporaceae.
The species is found on the west coast of the United States and grows in the ground in association with hardwood and conifer trees.
Rhizocarpon geographicum is a species of lichen, which grows on rocks in mountainous areas of low air pollution.
Modicella is a genus of fungi in the Mortierellaceae family of the Zygomycota.
Hysteropeltella is a genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.
While the species is only found at low abundance in nature, metabolically active strains are commonly isolated in saunas, steam baths, and dish washers.
Most species are parasitic on woody plants, and tend to cause brown rots.
It is the type species of Scutellinia, as well as being the most common and widespread.
Karschia is a genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.
The generic description was emended in 2011.
Known only from boreal coniferous forests of Sweden, it was described as new to science in 2014.
Rasamsonia is a genus of fungi in the family Trichocomaceae, circumscribed in 2011 by mycologists Jos Houbraken and Jens Frisvad.
It contains the same mycotoxins as the death cap.
Ramalina is a genus of greenish fruiticose lichens that grow in the form of flattened, strap-like branches.
Similar to animals, fungi are heterotrophs; they acquire their food by absorbing dissolved molecules, typically by secreting digestive enzymes into their environment.
Retiboletus griseus, commonly known as the gray bolete, is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.
Until 2014, it was known as Boletus kluzakii.
Limacella illinita, or Overflowing Slimy Stem, is a mushroom in the genus Limacella, in the family Amanitaceae.
Metulocyphella is a genus of fungus in the Marasmiaceae family.
Originally described as a species of Boletus in 2002, it was transferred to Suillellus in 2014.
The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Gamsiella multidivaricata, found in the USA.
Lichinomycetes are a class of ascomycete fungi.
Stegophora is a genus of fungi in the family Sydowiellaceae.
Lactarius mirabilis is a member of the large milk-cap genus Lactarius in the order Russulales.
Zwackhiomyces is a genus of fungi in the Xanthopyreniaceae family.
Cercospora gerberae is a fungal plant pathogen.
Endoconidiophora is a genus of fungi within the Ceratocystidaceae family.
Delpinoëlla is a genus of fungi within the class Sordariomycetes.
First described as Hydnum luteolum by Elias Magnus Fries in 1874, it was transferred to the genus Auriscalpium by Petter Karsten in 1879.
Phaeotrichoconis crotalariae is an ascomycete fungus that is a plant pathogen.
It was first isolated from Viçosa, Minas Gerais, at an altitude of 700 metres on Camponotus rufipes.
high, stout, expanded towards the pileus, attenuated downwards, solid, colour of the pileus, milk white.
Carbacanthographis is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Graphidaceae.
Gliophorus viscaurantius is a species of agaric fungus in the family Hygrophoraceae found in New Zealand.
Scleroderma meridionale is a puffball-like fungus in the family Sclerodermataceae.
It was first introduced by mycologist Christian Hendrik Persoon in 1818, as a superfluous name for the old taxon Morchella continua.
The Herpotrichiellaceae are a family of ascomycetous fungi within the order Chaetothyriales and within the class Eurotiomycetes.
Allomyces moniliformis is a species of fungus from the United States.
Ameromassaria is a genus of fungi within the class Sordariomycetes.
Sarcodon fennicus is a species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae.
Myelochroa is a genus of lichenized fungi within the family Parmeliaceae.
Pycnothelia is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Cladoniaceae.
Gymnopilus hispidellus is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
It is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Odontura rhaphidospora.
Amandinea maritima is a species of lichen in the family Caliciaceae.
Septoria apiicola is the cause of late blight of celery.
Incrucipulum is a genus of fungi within the Hyaloscyphaceae family.
Cantharellus cinnabarinus is a fungus native to eastern North America.
The disease is particularly prevalent in the southeast of the USA, where it poses one of the largest threats to commercial blackberry production.
Puccinia coronata is a plant pathogen and causal agent of oat and barley crown rust.
Aureoboletus mirabilis, commonly known as the admirable bolete, the bragger's bolete, and the velvet top, is an edible species of fungus in the Boletaceae mushroom family.
First described by mycologist Greta Stevenson in 1962 as a species of Tylopilus, it was transferred to the genus Fistulinella by Rolf Singer.
Fruit bodies have a brownish cap, a shaggy stipe with a collapsed, sheathing ring or ring zone, and spindle-shaped spores.
A. strictum is an agent of hyalohyphomycosis and has been identified as an increasingly frequent human pathogen in immunosuppressed individuals, causing localized, disseminated and invasive infections.
L. durandii is found in China, while L. leucosporum occurs in Europe.
The type species of the genus is Urnula craterium, commonly known as the devil's urn or the gray urn.
Lactarius mairei is a member of the large milk-cap genus Lactarius in the order Russulales.
Atractosporocybe is a mushroom genus in the family Tricholomataceae in the broad sense.
Nakataea is a genus of fungi in the family Magnaporthaceae.
The oval to spherical spores are 6–7.5 by 5.5–6.5 µm.
The genus was first described by Italian mycologist Pier Andrea Saccardo in 1895.
In two weeks the colonies become green to black due to the production of melanin.
Indoors, they are commonly found in wet wood, particularly common under kitchen sinks and bathrooms where there is relatively slowly on persistently wet wood.
Lichen spot test are K− or K+ purple, C ± pink, KC+ pink, P−, UV+ blue-white.
Albatrellus henanensis, described in 1991, is a synonym.
It has been isolated from a wide range of habitats, including cultivated and uncultivated soils, forests, grassland, deserts, estuarine sediments and sewage sludge, and insects.
In America, the 'vomiter' mushroom Chlorophyllum molybdites is responsible for most cases of mushroom poisoning due to its similarity with shaggy mane and other edible mushrooms.
Originally found growing under silver birch in France, it was described as new to science in 1991.
Davidiella carinthiaca is a fungal plant pathogen infecting red clover.
The following is his account of the experience, published in his classic text, The Botany and Chemistry of Hallucinogens:
It is found in Africa, Asia, Europe, and North America.
Mycologists fear that it may be displacing native fungi species as it spreads through the paleotropics.
Hysteropsis is a genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.
Mycena lanuginosa is a species of mushroom in the Mycenaceae family.
The genus has a widespread distribution and contains about 50 species.
Some varieties of sugar beet also show resistance to C. beticola, unfortunately they have all had low yields in lab tests.
Pecan scab is the most economically significant disease of pecan in the southeastern United States.
Its cup-shaped fruit bodies lack stipes and have purplish interior surfaces.
Gymnopilus fulgens is a species of mushroom in the Cortinariaceae family.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown.
Guignardia fulvida is a fungus that is a plant pathogen in the family Botryosphaeriaceae.
American mycologist Rolf Singer circumscribed the genus in 1944.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Falciformispora lignatilis.
Favolaschia is a genus of fungi in the family Mycenaceae.
It was originally described as Agaricus reticeps by French mycologist Camille Montagne in 1856.
Described as new to science in 2004, it is found in Colombia, where it grows on bare clay soil in tropical forest.
The genus was defined by R. Ciferri and A. Montemartini in 1958.
The genus was described in 1978 with M.  roreri as the type species.
It is an imposing sight in forests of southeastern and southwestern Australia.
Alpova is a genus of fungi in the Boletaceae family.
The genus is widely distributed, and contains 25 species.
The genus has a widespread distribution, with many species found in tropical regions.
It has a wide host range consisting of gerbera, kalanchoe, pansy, petunia, poinsettia, primula, snapdragon, sweet pea, verbena, and viola.
Bactrosphaeria is a genus of fungi within the class Sordariomycetes.
