He was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
O'Brien hung up his boots in August 2013.
Born in Rialto, Dublin, Muldowney first played competitive hurling during his schooling at Synge Street CBS.
He plays for club side Kilmacud Crokes and plays left full-back for Dublin although he started his Dublin career in the half-back line.
He is a carpenter from a farming background.
John 'Mackey' McKenna is an Irish sportsman.
Was a member of the Cork IT team that won the Purcell Cup in 2001.
He played hurling with his local club Shanballymore and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team from 1950 until 1952.
He is the current manager of the Offaly senior hurling team.
In 2008 he was selected in the Kerry senior panel and played in the National Football League, impressing at midfield.
Vincent "Vinny" Staples is an Irish retired hurler who enjoyed a successful career as a right wing-back with the Wexford senior team.
Canning went on to play a key role for Galway for the next fifteen years, and won three Connacht medals and four National Hurling League medals.
During that time he has won three All-Ireland winners' medals, five Leinster winners' medals, one National League winners' medal and four All-Star awards.
He plays hurling with his club Rathdowney-Errill and with the Laois senior inter-county hurling team.
He played hurling at various times with his local clubs Ballyhogue , Oylgate-Glenbrien and Rapparees and with the Wexford senior inter-county team from 1961 until 1974.
He became a senior selector as part of Kieran Kingston's management team in 2015.
Stephen O'Neill is an Irish Gaelic footballer from Aughabrack, Northern Ireland, who plays for the Tyrone senior football team.
In the meantime, he established himself at left corner forward on the Cork senior football team.
During that time he won one All-Ireland medal and two Munster medals.
David is still involved in Gaelic Football and is currently the manager of the senior football team at St Mary's GAA Club, Leixlip.
Tuohy won an All-Ireland runners-up medal, one Munster title and a National Hurling League title with Cork in 1969.
O'Donoovan played club football with Gneeveguilla and won three O'Donoghue Cups in 1979, 1980 and 1983.
The team emerged from Munster, and Maher's role was key as they reached the 2007 All-Ireland Junior Club Football Championship final.
His football honours include one All-Ireland medal, two Munster medals and two All-Star awards.
He was a student at Sacred Heart BNS Ballygall and St Kevin's College in Ballygall.
In 1996 he won a Corn Uí Mhuirí and Hogan Cup with the Intermediate School, Killorglin senior team.
He joined the senior panel during the 1997 championship.
During that time he won one All-Ireland medal and two Munster medals.
At club level Kehoe has won one county championship medal with St. Mullin's.
Kieran McKeever is a former Irish dual player who played Gaelic football and hurling with Derry in the late 1980s, 1990s and early 2000s.
Meagher was a member of a famous Gaelic games dynasty.
Maurice Kelly was an Irish hurler who played for the Kerry senior team.
In retirement from playing, Hogan became involved in team management and coaching.
O'Brien is widely regarded as one of the greatest Gaelic footballers in the history of the game.
Born in Douglas, Cork, Larkin first played competitive football in his youth.
Born in Bennettsbridge, County Kilkenny, Lennon first played competitive hurling in his youth.
Colin Harris is a hurler from County Kerry, Ireland.
He played his last game for Tipperary in June 1998.
In 1996 he was named in the Hurling All Star team in the corner forward position.
He plays hurling with his local club Seir Kieran and has been a member of the Offaly senior inter-county team since 2010.
He made his senior debut in the 2004 championship.
Brady has stated he won't compete for his 6th World Handball Championship in 2018.
Corless is widely regarded as having been one of the finest hurlers of his generation and as one of Galway's all-time greatest players.
He also met and tutored Muhammad Ali in hurling in 1972, when he visited Dublin.
Nickname [McCabe] He has the distinction of being Tyrone's first ever All Star award winner in 1980.
He played with Bishopstown before joining Kerry side Kerins O Rahillys and later Austin Stacks.
He was a selector with Cork's All-Ireland-winning under-21 team in 1988.
Bennett made his debut on the inter-county scene when he was added to the Cork senior panel for the 1960 championship.
She is the holder of All-Ireland Minor, Junior and Senior honours and is also an accomplished basketball player.
William Hough was an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder and as a centre-back for the Limerick senior team.
Shefflin's career tally of 27 goals and 484 points ranks him as the top championship scorer of all-time.
New Laois senior manager Liam Kearns called Meaney on to the Laois senior squad for the 2007 O'Byrne Cup campaign.
Collins joined the panel during the 1974 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen for just one season during the 1976 championship.
At club level McCarthy is a four-time championship medallist with Sarsfield's.
He was a selector with the Wexford senior team as well as with all levels with Oulart-the Ballagh.
Spillane made his debut on the inter-county scene at the age of sixteen when he was picked on the Kerry minor team.
John was on Dublins winning team for the 2008 O'Byrne Cup winning team which defeated Longford in the final.
He played hurling with his local club Dunloy and was a member of the Antrim senior inter-county team in the 1980s and 1990s.
He plays club football for his local Carbury and has been a member of the Kildare senior squad since 2009.
It was the time when a Galway match wouldn’t be a Galway match without a McNamara save of blinding quality.
Eugene "Eudie" Coughlan was an Irish hurler.
He was sorely missed on that day.
He played with the Kerry inter-county team from 1975 to 1980.
He plays his club football for Bellaghy Wolfe Tones.
Christopher "Christy" Ryan was an Irish hurler who played as a right wing-back for the Limerick senior team.
Moloney later became a regular member of the starting fifteen, and won one Munster medal and two National Hurling League medals.
In retirement from playing Doheny became involved in administrative affairs.
Gerry McInerney is a former Irish sportsperson.
O'Sullivan joined the team during the 1939 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 1943 championship.
Alice ‘Ally’ Hussey is a former camogie player winner of six All Ireland medals and a Cuchulainn All Star award in 1965.
In retirement from playing, Keher became involved in team management and coaching.
In addition to this he has also won All-Ireland, Leinster and championship medals in the intermediate grade.
At club level Spain enjoyed a lengthy career with Kilcormac/Killoughey.
Ernie O'Malley was an Irish Republican Army officer during the Irish War of Independence and a commander of the anti-Treaty IRA during the Irish Civil War.
Eoghan O'Gara is a Gaelic footballer who plays as a forward for the Dublin inter-county team.
Born in Ballymacward, County Galway, Barrett first played competitive hurling whilst at school at Garbally College.
He has made 26 Championship appearances as of 17 May 2008.
She captained the Down team in 2009 and plays for Ballycran.
James "Jimmy" Ramsell was an Irish hurler who played as a left wing-back for the Cork senior team.
He began his club career with Drombane before later joining Upperchurch-Drombane and Thurles.
During that time, he won two Leinster winner's medals.
Fenton subsequently became a regular member of the starting fifteen and won two All-Ireland medals, seven Munster medals and two National Hurling League medals.
Barry-Murphy is regarded as one of the most iconic players in the history of Gaelic games.
He is the current manager of Kilcormac/Killoughey and has guided the team to one Leinster and three championship titles.
Holds Munster championship medals at Senior, Intermediate and Junior.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
Phil Bennis is a retired Irish hurling manager and former player.
He went on to play a key role during a hugely successful era, and won two All-Ireland medals and four Connacht medals.
The overpass bridge on the Dublin-Galway motorway at Leixlip was named in his honour on March 18, 2006.
Alfred "Alfie" Cullen is an Irish hurler who played as a left wing-back and full-back for the Kilkenny senior team.
Born in Banogue, County Limerick, O'Connell first played competitive hurling during his schooling at Rockwell College.
After an unsuccessful time in this grade, he later won an All-Ireland medal with the under-21 team.
He would go on to play for Kerry for two seasons; however, his career was predominantly unsuccessful.
Clohessy's father, Pat, also enjoyed a length career with Kilkenny.
He was forced to sit on the substitutes' bench for most of the 1990 season due to back injury.
Woodlock joined the senior team during the 2006 league.
Niblock is known as one of Derry's best ever players.
He also won numerous championship medals with the club.
Ryan also played under 21 for Cork during the 2006 and 2007 season
Donie O'Sullivan is a former Irish sportsperson.
Pierce Grace was an Irish Gaelic footballer and hurler.
David Butler is an Irish hurler who plays as a right wing-forward for the Kerry senior team.
In a brief senior inter-county career, Myers won almost every honour in the game at senior level.
Niall Corcoran is a hurling player with the Dublin Senior Hurling team.
He retired from inter-county football following the conclusion of the 1981 championship.
Kieran Culhane was a Gaelic footballer from Co Kerry.
In January 2012, he played in the Dr. McKenna Cup, and also played in four matches in the National Football League.
He played Gaelic football with his local club John Mitchels and was a member of the Kerry senior inter-county team from the 1953 until 1962.
As an inter-county hurler he has won one under-21 all Ireland, one Christy Ring Cup winners' medal and one Nicky Rackard Cup winners' medal.
Noel Skehan was an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Kilkenny senior team.
At club level Haughey won numerous county club championship medals with St. Vincent's.
Joe O'Sullivan is an Irish former sportsperson.
He played his club football for Dublin-based club Lucan Sarsfields.
He made his senior debut in the 1957–58 National League.
A sister of former All- Ireland medal winner Linda O'Sullivan, she holds All-Ireland Senior and Senior 'B' honours as well as National League and provincial medals.
He has served as manager and selector with various hurling teams at Ardscoil Rís.
Eoin 'Bomber' Liston is a former Irish sportsperson.
He plays his club football for Enniskillen Gaels.
His scoring tally of 29-205 was a record which stood for 25 years.
Morgan retired from inter-county football following the conclusion of the 1981 championship.
Bennett joined the team during the 1994-95 National League and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 2008 championship.
In retirement from playing Davis combined his policing career with a new position as a sports broadcaster and as a coach.
For Meath he usually played at Full Forward.
There he led the junior club with distinction and was voted 5th best junior captain of all time in a recent poll by the club members.
He went on to score a goal and four points in the 1993 Munster Final win against Clare at the Gaelic Grounds.
As a Gaelic footballer, Murtagh won two senior county championship medals with the Downs club.
Joe Higgins is a former Gaelic footballer from County Laois.
David 'Davy' Glennon is an Irish hurler who was a member of the Galway senior team and also plays with his club Mullagh.
Thaddeus "Teddy" McCarthy is an Irish retired hurler and Gaelic footballer who played as a midfielder for the Cork senior football and hurling teams.
Caitríona Ryan is a camogie player and an accountant, who played in the 2009 All Ireland camogie final.
Brother of Kilkenny hurler John, Tennyson joined the team during the 2002 Walsh Cup and was a regular member of the team for just three seasons.
After retiring from Gaelic football he took up the training of racing greyhounds and gained a good reputation.
He made his senior debut during the 1954 championships.
As a member of the Connacht inter-provincial team, Linnane won four Railway Cup medals.
He won an All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship with Dr. Crokes in 1992, and returned as a trainer in later years.
Throughout his career Carey made 29 championship appearances.
Robert "Bobby" Rackard was an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-back for the Wexford senior team.
His brothers, Mick and Jack Ryan, also played with Tipperary.
Hugh Flavin is an Irish hurler who played as a centre-forward for the Limerick senior team.
Dowling also had a keen eye for greyhounds.
William Daly was an Irish hurler who played as a forward for the Cork senior team.
At club level McCarthy was a two-time All-Ireland medalist with St. Finbarr's.
He enjoyed little success during his one season on the senior team.
He also played soccer with Wexford Youths in their first season in the League of Ireland.
In 1989 he won an All-Ireland Under-21 Hurling Championship medal as Tipperary defeated Offaly in the final.
In 1983 he joined the Cork senior hurling team where he enjoyed his greatest success.
Flood's career tally of 26 goals and 59 points marks him out as Wexford's fourth highest championship scorer of all-time.
At club level Fanning plays with Glynn/Barntown.
He plays hurling with his local club Shelmailers and has been a member of the Wexford senior hurling team since 2008.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, Curran won one Railway Cup medal.
In 2002 he made his senior championship debut and has gone on to be one of the game's most prolific scorers.
He served in Navan for 27 years until his retirement in 2003.
At club level, Gleeson played with Cappamore, however, a county championship winners' medal eluded him.
Michael "Micka" Brennan was an Irish hurler who played as a left corner-forward for the Cork senior team.
He plays with the Wexford inter-county team and his club side Horeswood.
Born in Slieverue, County Kilkenny, Rockett first played competitive hurling during his schooling at De La Salle College.
He plays with the Kerins O'Rahilly's club with whom he won a County Championship Medal in 2002 and played in the Munster Club Final in 2009.
By this stage he had also joined the Kerry senior team, making his debut during the 2002 league.
During that time he won two All-Ireland medals, three Munster medals, Leinster medal and one National League medal.
He plays hurling with Cuala and the Dublin senior hurling team.
Curtin arrived on the inter-county scene when he first linked up with the Kerry minor team before later joining the under-21 and junior sides.
He played hurling with his local club James Stephens and was a member of the Kilkenny senior inter-county team from 1935 until 1945.
Mossy Carroll is an Irish retired sportsperson.
Jacob was an All-Ireland runner-up on three occasions.
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1986 championship.
Gleeson enjoyed a decade-long playing career at club level with Thurles Sarsfields and at inter-county level with Tipperary.
At club level McGrattan played with Portaferry, winning seven county championship winners' medals during a club career that spanned three decades.
Kelly went on to enjoy a lengthy career, and won two All-Ireland medals, five Munster medals and two National Hurling League medals.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team for five consecutive years O'Sullivan won two Railway Cup medals.
Murphy went on to enjoy a brief inter-county career with Tipperary, and won one All-Ireland medal, one Munster medal and one National Hurling League medal.
They defeated Mayo in the glorious sunshine in Tuam Stadium: their first provincial title in 8 years.
Gary Hurney is an Irish dual player of hurling and Gaelic football who formerly played for the Waterford senior team in both codes.
Born in Cahir, County Tipperary, Casey first played competitive Gaelic football during his schooling at Rockwell College.
At club level Ryan is a one-time Munster medalist with Cashel King Cormacs GAA.
At club level Gaynor is a three-time county club championship medallist with Kilruane MacDonagh's.
Banville was in excellent form throughout the year, kicking vital scores.
He also picked up the Man of the Match award.
An All-Ireland medalist in the minor grade, he won one All-Ireland winners' medal as a non-playing substitute.
He plays hurling with his local club Kilnadeema-Leitrim and with the Galway senior inter-county hurling team.
During that time he won two All-Ireland medals and two Munster medals.
Mark Miley is a dual player from County Roscommon, Ireland.
Cleary immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen and won nine All-Ireland medals, ten Munster medals and eight National Football League medals.
As well as a brief spell as manager of the Kilkenny senior team, he also served as an inter-county and club selector.
Greville made his first appearance for the team during the 2012 championship and immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen.
Phelan joined the team during the 2004 Walsh Cup and was a regular member of the team for just two seasons.
He played his last game for Cork in June 1955.
He made his senior debut during the 2015 championship.
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1983 championship.
Born in Rosscarbery, County Cork, O'Rourke first played competitive Gaelic football during his schooling at Mount St. Michael.
He plays hurling with his local club Ballyboden St. Enda's and has been a member of the Dublin senior inter-county team since 2008.
He usually played in the half-forward line, although sometimes played in midfield.
Sisters Mairéad and Colleen and brother Daniel wore the Cork colours at under-age level.
At club level he is a two-time All-Ireland medallist with St. Finbarr's.
Don Davis is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer who played as a full-forward for the Cork senior team.
He also currently plays at club level with Kilcummin in Kerry.
At club level he was a one-time Connacht medallist with Sarfields.
He made his senior debut during the 1943 championship.
McCarthy quickly became a regular member of the starting fifteen, however, he enjoyed little in terms of silverware.
Along with Harry Ryan, he is an uncle to Tom and Liam Ryan, also playing for Clara.
Through his association with Fianna Fáil he has met Elizabeth II and Michelle Obama.
Seamus Leydon is a Gaelic footballer from County Galway.
He played Minor football with Kerry in 1990 winning a Munster Championship and later played in the All Ireland final but lost out to Meath.
In the semi-final, they faced Kildare with the 98 decider fresh in their minds but Galway finished strongly to qualify for another All-Ireland final.
Throughout his career Foran made 24 championship appearances.
He played hurling with his local club Athenry and was a member of the Galway senior inter-county team from 1990 until 2002.
Jack Quinn is a retired inter-county Irish Gaelic footballer for County Meath in Ireland.
Higgins was an All-Ireland runner-up on four occasions.
Gary Fahey had a great game at full-back that day and his tussle with Kildare’s Karl O'Dwyer was a feature of the final.
Bernard 'Bernie' Brogan is a former Dublin Gaelic footballer.
In retirement from playing Murphy became involved in team selection and local GAA administrative affairs in Cork.
Michael Ryan is a retired Irish hurler and Gaelic footballer who played in various positions for the Nire-Fourmilewater club teams.
His son, Paul Kerrigan, is currently a member of the Cork senior football team.
Johnny Carey is a former GAA All Star Gaelic footballer and Garda Superintendent from Bangor Erris, County Mayo, Ireland.
He won another senior All-Ireland in 2009 when Kerry overcame old rivals Cork in the final.
During that time he enjoyed little success.
In 2012 Ger was goalkeeper for Kingdom Kerry Gaels, a Senior London side based in the north of the city.
In 2003, he was part of the Laois team that won the Leinster Senior Football Championship title for the first time since 1946.
Shanahan announced his inter-county retirement on 18 August 2010.
He retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 1959-60 league, having made 34 championship appearances for the team.
He joined the team during the 2006 championship and immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen.
In 1900 Hayes captained the team to the All-Ireland title.
McGrath made his senior debut during the 2011 championship.
John Griffinis an Irish hurler who plays as a midfielder for the Kerry senior team.
Cusack is regarded as the greatest goalkeeper of his generation.
His brothers - Seán Óg and Paudie - both won All-Ireland titles with Kerry in the 1960s.
He also won six Leinster medals, one Connacht medal with Mayo and two All-Stars.
He plays for the Burren side captained by Callum's MagilDown senior inter county football team and with his local club Burren GAA.
He played hurling with his local club Portlaoise and was a member of the Laois senior inter-county team from 1988 until 2001.
Hughes represented the Leinster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, winning three Railway Cup medals.
Rockett also represented the Leinster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, winning one Railway Cup medal.
He also won three Munster medals as a footballer.
He joined the senior panel for the 2005 Oireachtas Cup, however, he remained as understudy to regular goalkeeper Donal Óg Cusack for a number of years.
He was a member of Donegal's 1992 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship winning team.
Benny Dunne is an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder for the Tipperary senior team.
Niamh Coyle is a camogie player, winner of a Soaring Star award in 2009.
His older brother is Tyrone's great All Star-winning goalkeeper of the nineties, Finbar McConnell.
At club level he won several championship medals in the junior and intermediate grades with Carrigtwohill.
Deirdre Codd is a camogie player,Senior debut in 2004 v antrim.
Brendan Murphy is a former Irish footballer who played soccer for the Republic of Ireland U21 and B national teams and Gaelic football for Meath.
In 2011, he left his local team Annanough to join Dublin outfit St Vincents.
He was on and off the senior panel over the next few years, but claimed an All-Ireland medal on the field of play in 1991.
Throughout his career Ronan made 28 championship appearances.
In 1956, during the term of the Second Inter-Party Government Spring was promoted to Parliamentary Secretary, which he held until the government ended in 1957.
At club level he is a one-time Munster medallist with Sixmilebridge.
At club level he won one championship medal with Éire Óg, after beginning his career with Castle Rovers.
He first came to prominence at colleges level with St Finbarr's College while simultaneously enjoying some successes at underage levels with the Tracton club.
Lynch also played Gaelic football with his local club St Nicholas' and with the Cork senior inter-county team from 1936 until 1946.
McInerney, Francis was a Gaelic footballer from Doonbeg County Clare.
Nicknamed "Cutchie", Mick was a native of the Carlow border town of Graiguecullen.
He won Division one of the National football league with Dublin as a senior player in 2013.
At club level Considine is a multiple county club championship medalist with Ennis Dalcassians and Collegians.
He plays his club hurling for O'Tooles and plays at corner back.
At club level Hyland is a two-time county club championship medalist with the Clough/Ballacolla club.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
At club level he won seven championship medals with St. Aidan's, having earlier played for Éire Óg.
He arrived on the inter-county scene as a dual player with the Limerick minor hurling and football teams.
Cillian Farrell is an Irish hurling manager and former dual player.
Eddie captained Tipperary to an All-Ireland Intermediate hurling championship in 2012.
He made his senior debut during the 2014 league.
For Meath, he usually played as a Half Back.
Maher went on to play a key part for Tipperary in what was a hugely successful era, and won five All-Ireland medals and five Munster medals.
In 2009, he helped Limerick to a first Munster Final since 2004 but lost out by a point to Cork.
Since then he has won one Munster winners' medal on the field of play.
He joined the senior panel during the 1987 championship.
Despite being favorites to retain their title Down picked up a surprise win to win a first title.
A two-time All-Ireland medalist in the under-21 grade, he enjoyed little success as a member of the county senior team.
He made his senior debut in the 1997 championship.
Joe Bergin is an Irish Gaelic footballer from Galway.
Galway narrowly lost to Tyrone in the All-Ireland semi-final.
He played with Ballydonoghue and Kerry intercounty teams in the late 1980s till the late 1990s.
His retirement came following an injury sustained prior to the start of the 1929 championship.
Eamon Kennedy is an Irish hurler who played as a centre-back for the Kilkenny senior team.
The son of a grocer, he was educated locally and later inherited the family business becoming head of C. Clifford and Sons, Ltd.
Hurney plays his club hurling and football with Abbeyside/Ballinacourty.
Éamonn Taaffe is an Irish retired hurler who played as a full-forward for the Clare senior team.
He finished the 2001 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship with 2-10 and the 2004 Championship with 3-24.
He played hurling with his local club Geraldine O'Hanrahan's and was a member of the Wexford senior inter-county team in the 1960s and 1970s.
Barry Murphy is an Irish former hurler who played as a left corner-forward for the Clare senior team.
Doyle was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
He ended up as an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
Roche was All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
Ryan joined the team during the 1968 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until he left the panel after the 1970 championship.
He plays hurling with his local club Abbeyleix and has been goalkeeper on the Laois senior inter-county team since 2010.
He is a cousin of fellow Tipperary hurler Gearóid Ryan.
He plays his club football for Claregalway.
In addition to this he also won three county club championship medals.
He trained for the priesthood in St. Patrick's College, Maynooth, as did his brother Fr.
Throughout his career Johnston made just two championship appearance for Kilkenny.
He plays hurling with his local club Crusheen and made his debut as goalkeeper on the Clare senior inter-county team in 2010.
At club level Quirke played with Cahir.
Declan O'Sullivan is an Irish retired sportsperson.
With a total of 5-26 she was the fourth highest scoring player in the Championship in 2011.
He made his senior debut in the 1960 championship.
Born in Ballyhea, County Cork, Roanna first played competitive hurling whilst at school at Charleville CBS.
He was later joined on the team by his brother Jimmy Tobin.
He also had the great honour of lifting the Sam Maguire trophy as captain, joining the likes of Galway men Jack Mangan and Enda Colleran.
During that time he has won three All-Ireland medals, seven Leinster medals and one National Hurling League medal.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
Pat O'Neill is a former player and manager of the Dublin Gaelic football team.
Dunphy won the All-Ireland Under 21 Hurling Championship with Waterford in 1992.
Aidan Fitzgerald is an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a right wing-forward for the Tipperary senior team.
Eoin Kelly is an Irish hurler who played as a full-forward for the Waterford senior team.
He has also managed Dublin, Roscommon and Cavan.
He made his senior debut during the 2014 National Football League.
He plays Gaelic football with his local club Macroom and has been a member of the Cork senior inter-county team since 2005.
Kelly was appointed manager of the Kerry senior hurling team in January 2014.
He made his senior debut during the 1954 championship.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on four occasions.
He was born in Kilrush, County Clare, one of ten children of Patrick F. Tubridy.
Gormley can now be found managing the Bredagh club in Co. Down.
Connie then moved clubs and was a multiple county club championship medalist with Thurles Sarsfields.
He plays for the Down senior inter county football team and for his club Saval.
He was playing for the Roscrea club at that time as he was working there for the Post Office.
His huge contribution in 1996 earned him the title of Player of the Year,and Texaco hurler of the year.
Kevin plays his club hurling for Dunloy Cuchulainns and is considered a hero within the village.
He came on as a substitute in the 2012 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final where Mayo lost by 0-13 to 2-11 against Donegal.
He played at centre forward that day, having appeared as centre back in earlier years.
He retired from inter-county football following the conclusion of the 1989 championship.
He played hurling with his local club Killenaule and with the Tipperary senior inter-county team in the 1980s and 1990s.
He usually plays at wing forward for Laois.
Bernie retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 1978 championship.
Stephen O'Sullivan is a footballer from the Skellig Rangers club in South Kerry.
He was part of the Abbeydorney team that made it to the 2005 Kerry Senior Hurling Championship but lost out after a re-play to Lixnaw
At club level he was a seven-time cham pionship medallist with Faughs.
He is the son of Joe Barrett, an All-Ireland-winner with Kerry in the 1930s.
James "Cha" Fitzpatrick is an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder for the Kilkenny senior team.
He won a Leinster medal in his first season, however, an All-Ireland medal eluded him.
O'Leary has a biography of his sporting career with Dublin co-written with Martin Breheny and published by Blackwater Press in 1997 entitled Back To The Hill.
Noel Sheehy is an Irish retired sportsperson.
McCarthy played his last game for Cork in August 2002.
O'Flynn joined the team during the 1967 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until he left the panel after the 1968 championship.
At inter-county level he was trainer of the Clare under-21 team before later serving as a selector.
Twomey also enjoyed championship success as a Gaelic footballer with St. Nicholas'.
Barry John made his Championship debut for Kerry against Tipperary in 2010 at Semple Stadium.
During that time he won one All-Ireland medal and one Munster medal.
He held the position of Chairman of the Dublin County Board from 1970 to 1981.
At club level he plays with Tommy Larkin's.
His son, Killian, also played hurling with Westmeath.
Born in Cork, he plays Gaelic football with his local club St. Finbarr's and has been a member of the Cork senior inter-county team since 2006.
His retirement came during a tour of the United States in October 1957.
He plays Gaelic football with his local club Four Masters and the Donegal senior inter-county team.
Lotty joined the team during the 1939 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 1949 championship.
Carew joined the team during the 1908 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 1912 championship.
Ryan was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
Cahill was handed a fresh two-year term as Tipperary minor hurling manager in November 2015.
During that time he won one All-Ireland medal, one Munster medal and two National League medals.
At club level Ronayne was a three-time county club championship medal winner with Dungourney.
His son, John O'Keeffe, also played with Kerry, winning seven All-Ireland medals in a lengthy career.
He also played in the Leinster Senior Club Football Championship final in 2007 however Tyrrellspass lost out to Dublin side St Vincents
As a member of the Leinster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions Bennett won one Railway Cup medal.
Until his death White held the distinction of being the oldest living senior All-Ireland medal winners.
He was an unused substitute in the Tipperary team that won the 1991 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Final.
Born in Cork, O'Connell first arrived on the inter-county scene when he first linked up with the Cork senior team before later joining the junior side.
Neil Gallagher is a Gaelic football player.
He played hurling at various times with his local clubs Emeralds in Kilkenny and Faughs in Dublin.
Pat Glendon was an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-forward for the Kilkenny senior team from 1922 until 1926.
Following his club success O'Driscoll was named manager of the Kerry minor football team in 2010.
John Kennedy is a retired Irish sportsperson.
Dwyer made his first appearance for the team during the inaugural championship of 1887.
He won an All Ireland Senior medal in 1997, he won a Minor All Ireland in 1988 and Under 21 Medal in 1990.
In late 2012, he was appointed manager of the Carlow senior football team, having been a member of the backroom team.
He returned to play for Stradbally in 2007.
An All-Ireland medalist in the under-21 grade, Collins has been a stalwart on the Galway team for almost a decade.
Born near Carrickbeg, County Waterford, Roche was raised in a household that had a strong association with Gaelic games.
He joined the senior panel during the 1987 championship.
The following year Kildare again got the better of Meath in a replay.
She was nominated for further All Star awards in 2004, and on the Tipperary team defeated in the All Ireland finals of 2005 and 2006.
At club level O'Brien is a two-time Munster medalist with Toomevara.
Born in Midleton, County Cork, Fenton first played competitive hurling during his schooling at Midleton CBS.
He has been an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
Bennett has since become a regular member of the starting fifteen and has won one National Hurling League medal.
His league and championship career with the Cork senior team spanned nine seasons from 2008 to 2016.
At club level Johnson is a two-time Leinster medallist with St. Rynagh's.
Catherine ‘Cathy’ Landers is a former camogie player, captain of the All Ireland Camogie Championship winning team in 1983.
Nash became first-choice custodian for the 2012 championship following an injury to Cusack, and has since won one Munster medal and two All-Star awards.
In 2007 he joined the Junior side but had little success.
As a manager he has been involved with Kilmacud Crokes for a number years and served as a selector.
In addition to this he has also won one championship medal.
He also won numerous championship medals with the club.
At club level Cussen has won three championship medals with Sarsfield's.
He plays hurling with his local club Burgess and with the Tipperary senior inter-county team.
Neary is regarded as one of the greatest players of all-time.
Condon made his first appearance for the team during the 2009 championship and has become a regular player over the last few seasons.
In the 1930 Leinster Final against Kildare he was played Full Forward, a game which Meath drew.
By this stage Rackard had started playing for the local Rathnure St. Anne's club, winning a county junior championship medal in 1940.
Dan made his first championship start in 2002 where Down played Donegal.
He was particularly active during the 1914 championship when he won a set of All-Ireland and Leinster winners' medals.
McDonagh later served as manager of the Galway team.
She played inter-county camogie for both Tipperary and Kilkenny and Interprovincial camogie for both Munster and Leinster.
Michael Kavanagh is an Irish retired hurler who played as a right corner-back for the Kilkenny senior team.
He has also played for Hong Kong, starring in their 2008 Asian finals victory over Singapore.
Conor Cooney is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a left corner-forward for the Galway senior team.
Finlay became the only player from Laois to captain an All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship winning team.
At club level he won one championship medal with Rower-Inistioge.
Cork's leading goalscorer in 2009 is the holder of All-Ireland Junior and Senior medals and also won National Junior and Senior League and provincial honours.
At club level he was a two-time championship medallist with Bennettsbridge.
Shane Nolan is a hurler from Co Kerry.
He played his club football for Na Fianna on Dublins Northside.
He is the first captain of Cork from the Sarsfields club in 51 years.
Coffey immediately became a regular member of the team and won two All-Ireland medals, one Munster medal and one National Hurling League medal.
During that time Maher won one All-Ireland medal and eight Leinster medals.
He served in that position until June 2013.
He played both football and hurling with Kerry during the 1970s.
Daniel "Danny" Owens is an Irish retired hurler who played as a midfielder for the Offaly senior team.
As a neighbouring parish and a club beset with inner turmoil at the time, many regarded this appointment as a poison chalice.
Paddy Curran (born 1988 in Waterville, County Kerry is an Irish sportsperson.
He played Gaelic football with his local clubs Dunmore and Williamstown and was a member of the Galway senior inter-county team in the 1950s and 1960s.
He was right corner back on the Kerry team that won the 1997 All Ireland.
Walshe won the 2013 Ulster Senior Football Championship with Monaghan.
Paudie played with the village of Ballyduff Upper and won two Waterford Senior Hurling Championships in 1982 and 1987.
Gottsche inspired London's comeback which saw them lead by two points with five minutes remaining.
Muldowney immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen and won one Leinster medal.
Beckett made his first appearance for the team during the 1907 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen for the following ten years.
Peadar Healy is a former Irish Gaelic football manager and former player.
Patrick Flynn was an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-forward for the Limerick senior team.
He later won four county club championship medals with Faughs.
At club level he played with Cloghan, St. Rynagh's and Gaeil Colmcille, with whom he won two championship medals.
At club level he was a four-time championship medallist with Castlegar.
Kelly was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
At club level Rabbitte plays with the Borris-Ileigh club.
He played his last game for Kerry in July 1974.
Mick Spain was an Irish hurler who played for the Offaly senior team.
For both club and county Cassidy played in forward line.
In 2011 he emigrated to Chicago and led Harry Bolands to titles in 2012 & 2013 acting as player/manager.
Born in Clonlara, County Clare, O'Donovan first played competitive hurling whilst at school in St. Munchin's College.
Evans was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
He arrived on the inter-county scene at a time when Waterford's senior hurling fortunes were about to change.
During his playing days he won one All-Star award, while he was later chosen at full-forward on the Kilkenny Hurling Team of the Century.
In addition to this he has also won seven championship medals.
Pat was a physical education teacher at Presentation College, Portlaoise up until recently.
Ryan is an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Kilkenny senior team.
Declan Prendergast is an Irish hurler who played as a left wing-back for the Waterford senior team.
Stanley was also a successful high jumper and represented Ireland at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He won two Westmeath Senior Hurling Championship medals with his club Ringtown in 1980 and 1987, as well as an Under 21 Championship medal.
In 2007, the Irish language television station TG4 did a documentary on Charlie Redmond and his football career.
Stephen O'Shaughnessy is a Gaelic footballer who plays inter-county football for Dublin in Ireland.
Murphy was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
He went on to play a key role for Wexford in defence and won one Leinster medal and one National Hurling League medal.
Alison was named Dublin Junior player of the year in 2006.
He plays Gaelic football for his local club Carbury and has been a member of the Kildare senior team since 2008.
Immediately after leaving school, Lyons joined the Glen Rovers senior team.
In retirement from playing Brislane became involved in team management and coaching.
He won his first Railway Cup with Connacht in 1957.
Thomas "Tom" Kingston is an Irish retired hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Cork senior team.
He was captain of the Athy Senior Football team who won the Kildare County Championship in 2011.#
He is regarded as one of Galway’s greatest-ever players.
He also represented the Labour party on Limerick County Council, having been elected in the Castleconnell electoral area.
Mike Frank Russell is an Irish sportsperson.
He played hurling with the Cork senior inter-county team in 2006.
In August 2010 Down faced off against Kildare in the All-Ireland Semi-Final.
He provides defensive cover for Kerry as a wing-back.
He plays his club hurling with Castlegar.
He plays for the Down senior inter-county football team and with his local club Loughinisland GAA.
In retirement from playing O'Flaherty became involved in team management and coaching.
He played with Kerry at all levels from the late 1990s to the mid-2000s.
O'Brien retired from inter-county football following the conclusion of the 2010 championship.
He plays with the Meath county team and with the Seneschalstown club.
Kevin "Chunky" Hayes is an Irish sportsperson.
He plays for St Patrick's and the Armagh senior inter county football team.
He usually played in the half forward line for Meath.
During his playing days he won seven All-Star awards as well as being named Texaco Hurler of the Year.
On 26 May 2015 Murphy announced his return to the Cork senior panel.
O'Connor represented the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions throughout his career, winning one Railway Cup medal.
Eoin "Mugsy" Mulligan is an Irish Gaelic football player.
Throughout his career McCarthy made 20 championship appearances.
Throughout his career Buckley made 16 championship appearances.
His uncle Jim was also an inter-county footballer for Dublin.
With the St. Thomas' senior team he won an All-Ireland medal in 2013.
Coughlan also played hurling and football with the Cork senior inter-county teams.
In a senior inter-county career that spanned two decades, O'Connell won every honour in the game at senior level.
McGurk also won the All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship in 1991 with his club Lavey, where he was captain.
Tiernan McCann is an Irish Gaelic football player who plays at inter-county level for Tyrone, and plays his club football for Killyclogher St. Mary's.
He played hurling with his local club O'Donovan Rossa GAC Belfast and with the Antrim senior inter-county team from 1984 until 1994.
Born in Brideswell, County Roscommon, O'Malley was introduced to Gaelic games during his schooling at Brideswell National School and the Marist College.
A two-time All-Ireland medallist with the Nemo Rangers senior team, Morgan also won four Leinster medals and seven championship medals.
He took charge as manager of the Borris-Ileigh senior team in 2014, before being added to the Tipperary senior team as a selector in 2016.
During that time he won two All-Ireland medals, four Leinster medals and one National Hurling League medal.
Downey went on to play a key part for Kilkenny over the following eight years, and won one All-Ireland medal and three Leinster medals.
Dublin defeated Galway in the final at Croke Park.
Born in Castlebar, County Mayo, McStay was introduced to Gaelic football by his father, a former player with the Tuam Stars.
FitzGerald's father, Paddy FitzGerald, is also an All-Ireland medallist with Cork.
He played Gaelic football with his local club Nemo Rangers and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team from 1992 until 2002.
Mehigan hailed from a family with a strong association with Gaelic games.
Tom Feeney is an Irish retired hurler who played as a full-back for the Waterford senior team.
Hargan has also had successes at club level, collecting two Dublin Senior Football Championship medals in 1982 and in 1985.
He served as secretary of the Kilkenny County Board between 1984 and 1995.
During much of his playing days, they were one of the top teams in Ireland.
At club level Tubridy played with the Kilrush Shamrocks and Army clubs.
With the amalgamated Kenmare District team he won two county senior championship medals in 1974 and 1987.
Ned Carew was an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder for the Waterford senior team.
He was re-elected at the 1937 general election for the same constituency as a Fine Gael TD.
With his county he has played in the League, the Championship and the Dr. McKenna Cup.
He has also won 2 Munster club titles in 2006, 2011-2012.
Jamie Nagle is an Irish hurler who plays as a midfielder for the Waterford senior team.
Murphy is widely regarded as one of Cork's greatest ever hurlers.
He joined the senior panel during the 1992-93 National League.
3 munster camogie club medals and 3 county camogie medals with her club Milford.
Born in Tuam, County Galway, Purcell is widely regarded as Gaelic football's greatest centre-half forward.
At club level Raleigh played with Emly.
He played hurling with his local club Boherlahan-Dualla and was a member of the Tipperary senior inter-county team from 1971 until 1986.
His involvement in the GAA continued long after his playing days as he served in a number of positions as team mentor and administrator in Galway.
At club level Maher is a one-time All-Ireland medallist with Roscrea.
Joe 'Dodo' Winston is a former Gaelic footballer with Naomh Adhamhnáin and the Donegal senior football team.
He retired form inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 2004 National Hurling League.
He played hurling with his local club Thurles Sarsfields and with the Tipperary senior inter-county team from 1930 until 1945.
At club level he played with Doonbeg and had much success.
William "Billy Keane is an Irish retired hurler who played as a left corner-back for the Offaly senior team.
He later joined the county minor football panel where he won a Munster Championship in 1954.
Gantly also played with the Galway senior inter-county team from 1945 until 1949.
During that time he failed to claim any honours at senior level.
Ahern immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen, and won one Munster medal on the field of play.
He began his club career with Ballyboden St. Enda's.
Meagher represented the Leinster inter-provincial team at various times throughout his career, winning two Railway Cup medals in 1927 and 1933.
Mitchell was an All-Ireland runner-up as a sub on one occasion.
After the club failed to field a championship team in 1918, Keane joined the Young Irelands club.
Pádraic Mannion is an Irish hurler who plays as a left corner back for the Galway senior team.
John O'Mahony is an Irish former sportsperson.
He is a brother of former Sligo manager James.
After the Under 21 success of 2008 he joined the Junior again where he won a Munster title.
Seán Foran was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a midfielder for the Offaly senior team.
At club level McNamara is a three-time county club championship medalist with Adare.
Scullion played club football and hurling with St. Colm's GAC Ballinascreen.
He was still a member of the minor team when he made his senior debut during the 1936 championship.
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1979 championship.
Throughout his career Hartley made 26 championship appearances for Waterford.
David made his senior debut for Dublin in the Allianz Hurling league in 2009 against Cork at full forward.
Thomas Aloysius "Tom" Fleming was an Irish hurler who played as a full-back for the Galway senior team.
He made his senior debut during the 1963 championship.
Throughout his career Dorney made just 5 championship appearances.
Maurice Fitzmaurice was an Irish hurler who played for the Kerry senior team.
He enjoyed much success playing inter-county football in the sixties on the Meath team.
He won an All-Ireland medal in this grade in 1982 before later joining the under-21 side.
O'Grady enjoyed a successful playing career as a full-back with the Cork senior team throughout the early 1980s.
O'Keeffe has also been the recipient of many awards off the field.
He has also spoken publicly of his gambling addiction.
Born in Tullaroan, County Kilkenny, Maher first played competitive hurling in his youth.
During that time he won two National Hurling League winners' medals on the field of play.
In 2003 was part of the Laois team that won the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship title for the first time since 1997.
At club level Collins is a dual senior championship medallist with Cratloe.
In 2008, Kerry won their first Munster Championship since 2002 and beat Kildare to win their first All Ireland Under 21 title since 1998.
Pat Critchley is a well known sportsman from County Laois, Ireland.
Howard began his inter-county career as a member of the Clare minor and under-21 teams.
Whelan has been a regular fixture on team since that initial appearance, and has won one National Hurling League medal and one National Hurling League medal.
In addition to this he has also won nine county club championship medals.
During that time he won five All-Ireland medals, six Munster medals and six National Hurling League medals.
Donie Nealon is an Irish retired hurler who played as a right corner-forward for the Tipperary senior team.
Lonergan joined the team during the 1962 championship and was a semi-regular member of the team until he retired from inter-county hurling after the 1967 championship.
He has won Irish News Ulster All-Star awards and was named right-corner back on the Irish News Team of the Decade in 2004.
However, he did not appear in the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship that season, and instead lined out in the All-Ireland Junior Football Championship.
He joined the senior panel during the 2005 championship.
He played senior hurling with the Kilkenny inter-county team in the 1970s.
Conor Counihan is an Irish former Gaelic footballer who played as a centre-back for the Cork senior team.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, Barry won four Railway Cup medal.
Since then he has won one National Hurling League medal, one Leinster Senior Hurling Championship and one All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship medal as a non-playing substitute.
He is regarded as one of the greatest Galway players of all-time.
disambiguation: for the pro wrestler's dad see James Henry Bowles
He also won one All-Ireland winners' medal as a non-playing substitute.
Bryan Murphy is an Irish hurler who plays as a left wing-back for the Kerry senior team.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, Mullins never won one Railway Cup medal on the field of play.
Michael "Mick" Nolan is a Gaelic footballer from County Laois.
He plays for his local club Cappataggle.
In his early 20s he was also called up and played for the Dublin Junior Football Team, until it was suspended after a violent on-pitch brawl.
Ruth's son, Matthew, played minor hurling with Kilkenny in 2008.
He played hurling at various times with his local clubs Dicksboro and Garda.
1940 saw Jack Lynch lead out the Glen in the county final once again.
In 2008 he also won a Munster Junior title.
Timothy "Timmy" O'Dowd is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer.
Fennelly was manager of the Laois senior hurling team from 2010 until 2011.
He has also had success with the South Kerry divisional team.
In 2012 he was unveiled as the manager of Austin Stacks GAA club located in Tralee, County Kerry, the most successful club in Ireland.
He played as a forward in the 2003 win.
In addition to this Kerins also won one Munster medal and one championship medal.
Bryan captained Offaly to the All-Ireland title in 1971.
He quit the Dublin panel on 8 July 2015.
In his sole season with Cork, Lane won one All-Ireland medal and one Munster medal.
Michael "Mick" Goold, is an Irish former Gaelic footballer who played as a right corner-back for the Cork senior team.
At club level Fleming played with Galway City.
She played in the 2009 All Ireland camogie final and was a Purcell All Star award winner in 2010.
He was educated in Roscrea and went on to study physiotherapy from which he became a phD graduate from University College Dublin.
He plays hurling with his local club Kilmaley and was a former member of the Clare senior inter-county team.
During that time he won two All-Ireland medals, two Munster medals and one National Hurling League medal.
Cullinane joined the team during the 1968-69 National League and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 1970 championship.
Edmond "Ned" Lambe was an Irish hurler who played for the Tipperary senior team.
At club level he was captain of the St Brigid's team that won the Dublin and Leinster titles in 2003.
Coffey subsequently became a regular member of the starting fifteen and won one All-Ireland medal and one Munster medal.
Tom O'Sullivan is a former Gaelic football player from County Kerry.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
He also won three successive Leinster medals and one National Hurling League medal.
At club level Hanniffy is a four-time All-Ireland medalist with Birr.
William Henry "Bill" O’Callaghan was an Irish hurler who played as a forward for the Cork senior team.
Within five years of this All-Ireland title he was forced to retire from the game due to injury.
At club level Dunworth was a two-time championship medallist with Claughaun.
That year Kerry won their first Munster Championship since 1991.
At inter-county level he is a two-time All-Ireland-winning manager, firstly with the Limerick under-16 team and later with the Limerick intermediate camogie team.
Brendan Maher is an Irish retired hurler who played as a left corner-back for the Tipperary senior team.
Walsh started and scored 1–1, but Cork defeated Kerry with a second-half comeback.
In 1999, a new road in Tuam was named after both Purcell and Stockwell.
He played hurling with his local club Hospital-Herbertstown and was a member of the Limerick senior inter-county team in the 1970s and 1980s.
Tony Flavin was a Gaelic footballer who played with Kerry and London during the 1960s and 1970s.
He quickly became involved in team management as a selector with the Kerry senior team.
He plays Gaelic football with his local club Ilen Rovers and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team from 2004 until 2008.
Quirke's sister, Dolly Leahy, was an All-Ireland medalist in camogie with Cork.
Flaherty joined the team during the 2012 championship, but has remained on the fringe of the panel.
Cahalane later lined out with University College Cork, winning an All-Ireland Freshers title in 2012.
John Kelly is an Irish retired hurler who played as a full-back for the Tipperary senior team.
O'Connell has also been the recipient of many awards off the field.
Originally from Donegal town, he died after a short illness in 2012.
O'Dowd also lined out with the Thomas Davis club in Dublin.
He won two All Star awards as well.
James Young is a hurling player from County Laois in Ireland.
Over the next few seasons O'Connell became a regular member of the starting fifteen and won one All-Ireland medal.
He joined the senior panel during the 2009 league, however, it was another few years before he established himself on the team.
In addition to this he also won three Leinster medals and twelve championship medals in a career that spanned four decades.
He usually played in the half-forward line.
Philpott went on to play a key role over the next few years and won two Munster medals.
He won All-Ireland Senior B Hurling Championship medals in 1985 and 1991, and a Walsh Cup in 1982.
He played hurling with his local club St. Rynagh's and was a member of the Offaly senior inter-county team from 1983 until 1988.
An All-Ireland medallist in both codes, he later won a combined total of three All-Ireland medals with the under-21 teams.
Ware's father, Charlie, and his uncle, Jim, also enjoyed lengthy hurling careers with Waterford.
He made his full championship start in 2000 against Westmeath.
Cluxton made his debut on the inter-county scene at the age of seventeen when he first linked up with the Dublin minor team.
He also claimed a county under-21 championship medal in 1972.
During that time he won two Ulster winner's medals.
Murphy was also a selector to the Cork senior team, being involved with six All-Ireland-winning teams.
Stockwell is regarded as Galway’s greatest-ever full forward.
In retirement from playing Ryan became involved in team management and coaching.
In retirement from playing McNamara has become involved in coaching, most notably with Faughs and Ballinteer St. John's in Dublin.
Kevin Flynn is a former inter-county hurler for Dublin and current O'Tooles player.
Born in Ballyvourney, County Cork, Scannell first played competitive Gaelic football in his youth.
A 1-13 apace draw meant the sides would have to meet again.
In retirement from playing O'Meara became involved in team management and coaching, most notably as a selector with the Tipperary minor team.
Howlin joined the senior panel during the 1986 championship.
At club level Cleere plays with the Blacks and Whites club.
At club level he plays with Clonlara.
It was a game at Croke Park in 2003 that ignited his passion for Gaelic football.
John Leonard is a Gaelic footballer from Dublin.
David Punch is a retired Irish sportsperson.
He made his senior debut during the 1985 Oireachtas Cup.
Richard Kissane was an Irish hurler who played for the Kerry senior team.
Regina also lined out for the Irish Shinty team which defeated Scotland in October 2010.
At club level he enjoyed a lengthy career in both codes with Clonakilty.
Born in Midleton, County Cork, O'Farrell first played competitive hurling during his schooling at Midleton CBS Secondary School.
He made his senior debut during the 2014 league.
Denis Bastick is a Gaelic footballer who plays for Dublin and Templeogue Synge Street.
Gary Coleman is an Irish Gaelic footballer who played with Derry in the 1990s and early 2000s.
In addition to this he has also won two Leinster winners' medals and three county club championship winners' medals.
Throughout his career Bennett made 5 championship appearances.
Bernard "Bernie" Hartigan is an Irish retired hurler who played as a midfielder for the Limerick senior team.
At club level Reale is a county intermediate championship medalist with Hospital-Herbertstown.
Sinéad Keane is a camogie player, a member of the Galway senior panel that unsuccessfully contested the All Ireland finals of 2010 and 2011 against Wexford,
Adrian Ronan is an Irish retired hurler who played as a full-forward for the Kilkenny senior team.
He announced his retirement from inter-county hurling on 1 November 2010.
In retirement from playing Maher became involved in team management and coaching.
Creedon is a double county championship medalist with Macroom at club level.
The latter won her Academy and BAFTA Awards for Best Supporting Actress, among other accolades.
He made his senior debut during the 1989 championship.
At international level Maher has represented Ireland in the shinty-hurling international series.
Dunne later served as coach, under the management of Ken Hogan, to the Tipperary under-21 team that captured the All-Ireland title in 2010.
He made his senior debut during the 2008 championship.
He led the county to a National Hurling League Div 2A title with a win over Carlow.
Moylan has since gone on to be a regular member of the team.
He made his senior debut in the 1967 championship.
He played hurling with his local club Ballyhale Shamrocks and was a member of the Kilkenny senior inter-county team from 1981 until 1992.
Richard "Dick" Tobin was an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-forward for the Kilkenny senior team from 1916 until 1925.
He plays hurling with his local club Kickhams Creggan and has been a member of the Antrim senior inter-county hurling team since 2011.
At club level Comerford is a two-time Leinster medallist with O'Loughlin Gaels.
Larkin made his debut on the inter-county scene at the age of seventeen when he was picked for the Kilkenny minor panel.
Martin Treacy was an Irish hurler who played as a left corner-back for the Kilkenny senior team.
Drumm captained Dublin to the All-Ireland title in 1983.
At club level Maher is a one-time championship medallist with Clough/Ballacolla.
Rugby union is Hayes's second love and he has previously won an All-Ireland Under-18 medal with Nenagh as a winger.
Derek won a Dublin Senior Hurling Championship medal with Craobh Chiaráin in 2006.
Throughout his career Walton made 49 championship appearances, a Kilkenny record which stood until 24 July 1977 when it was surpassed by Eddie Keher.
She was also part of Kildare's victorious National League Division 2 team in 2004.
He also played with Kilburn Gaels in London and also won a County Championship.
In addition to this he also won several championship medals.
Nolan was at his best at midfield during Crotta's glorious period in the 1940s and early 1950s.
Teu Ó hAilpín is an Irish sportsperson playing for Na Piarsaigh GAA and Australian Rules football club Leeside Lions.
He had much success with the South Kerry team winning County Championships in 2004-2006 and again in 2009.
As a child, she played roles in the West End productions of the musicals Annie and Bugsy Malone.
For both club and county Doherty usually plays in midfield.
At club level Walsh is a one-time championship medallist with Arravale Rovers.
Stephen Walsh is an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-back for the Limerick senior team.
Christy Walsh was a hurler who played with Kerry and Kilmoyley, he also played football with Ardfert and the Kerry Junior team.
Denis Byrne, is an Irish sportsperson who is a hurling All Star.
He began his career with Emeralds before later joining Rathgarogue-Cushinstown.
He won three All-Ireland Senior Football Championship medals, two Under 21 medals, and a Minor medal.
McGoldrick plays club football for Eoghan Rua and has won the Derry Senior Football Championship with the club.
Graffin immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen and has won six Ulster medals.
Christopher "Christy" Forde was an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Dublin and Tipperary senior teams.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
He is a former manager of the Cork senior hurling team.
He was the Irish Defence Forces Chief of Staff from 2007 until his retirement in 2010.
Gene O Driscoll was a Gaelic footballer who played with Kerry, London and New York during the 1960s and 1970s.
Killeen made his senior championship debut during the 2014 championship.
Leonard Enright is a retired Irish sportsperson.
During that time he won one All-Ireland medal and two Munster medals.
Her family are heavily involved in greyhound racing and coursing.
He made his debut during the 1901 championship.
Denise Gilligan is a camogie player, scorer of two goals for Galway in their breakthrough 1996 All Ireland final victory over Cork.
He also won an All Ireland Under 21 medal in 1998.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on five occasions.
Moran's career tally of 7 goals and 97 points ranks him as Limerick's sixth highest championship scorer of all-time.
He played his last game for Tipperary in July 1974.
He played hurling with his local club Borrisoleigh and with the Tipperary senior inter-county team in the 1940s and 1950s.
During his time with Kilkenny, he joined a small number of players who have won eight All-Ireland medals on the field of play.
Brislane went on to play a bit part for the team before joining the Meath senior team in 2007.
Patrick "Pat" King was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a full-back for the Tyrone senior team.
Throughout his career Lynch made 24 championship appearances.
At club level Kennedy played with Birr.
Paddy Molloy is an Irish former sportsperson.
He was afterwards refused entry at one of Dublin's biggest nightclubs.
Throughout his career O'Sullivan made 39 championship appearances.
Counihan is widely regarded as one of the greatest players of his generation.
Since then he has won one Munster winners' medal.
He has also won five Munster medals and five championship medals.
He began his club career with Lusmagh.
He is also the only Sligo player to win a Cú Chulainn Award winning 3 years in a row in 1964-66.
Dillon has since gone on to play a key role in the forwards for Waterford, however, he has yet to claim any silverware.
He first came on the Kerry senior scene in 2002 under the management of Páidí Ó Sé.
He was part of the Weastmeath team that won the county's first Leinster Senior Football Championship in 2004.
An All-Ireland runner-up on four occasions, Meagher also captained the team to All-Ireland victory in 1935.
Jacob's siblings- Mick, Robbie and Bridie - also played with distinction at all levels with Wexford.
To this day McCullagh is still part of the Tyrone set up and continues to lead his native club Dromore St.Dympnas with pride.
She won a Soaring Star award in 2009 and won a 2009 All Ireland junior camogie medal.
In retirement from playing, Coughlan became involved in team management and coaching, taking charge of the OFfaly minor and under-21 teams on various occasions.
Born in Birr, County Offaly, Cahill first played competitive hurling in his youth.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions.
He has been repeatedly voted onto teams made up of the sport's greats, including at right wing-back on the Hurling Team of the Century in 1984.
He played hurling with his local club Mount Sion and with the Waterford senior inter-county team in the 1950s and 1960s.
During his career Clohessy won two All-Ireland medals, five Leinster medals and one National Hurling League medal.
In a senior inter-county career that lasted for nineteen years she won seven All-Ireland medals, five National League medals and five Gael Linn Interprovincial medals.
He played centre back for the Tarbert team that won the 2010 North Kerry Championship.
Willie "Long Puck" Murphy was an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-back for the Cork senior team.
He won an All Ireland B medal with Kerry in 1986.
There are several other Alan Costellos currently in existence, some if not most of whom did not bother to play for Sligo.
Lee later became a semi-regular member of the starting fifteen, however, he ended his playing days without silverware.
Throughout his career Kelly made 63 championship appearances.
Rhona Torney is a camogie player, winner of a Soaring Star award in 2010 and an All Ireland Intermediate championship medal in 2011.
At club level Lane is a one-time Munster medallist with Glen Rovers.
In the 2014 final she produced an inspiring performance scoring a point from wing back and won the player of the match award.
During that time he won one All-Ireland winners' medal and two Leinster winners' medals.
Peter Duggan is an Irish hurler who currently plays for the Clare senior team.
Michael Joseph "Mick" Galwey won an All-Ireland Senior Football Championship with the Kerry Gaelic football team in 1986, as a 19-year-old, before turning to rugby union.
Throughout his career Ryan made just four championship appearances for Galway.
They once again retained their Munster title with wins over Clare and Cork in the Munster final but only after a replay.
Born in Portroe, County Tipperary, Sheedy first played competitive hurling whilst at school in Nenagh CBS.
At club level Doheny was a ten-time championship medallist with Tullaroan and Johnstown, while ha also played with Threecastles.
He made his senior debut in the 1956 championship.
In addition to this he has also won one Leinster medal and two championship medals.
Brian McEniff is a former Gaelic football manager.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion also as a non-playing substitute.
Horgan was also chosen as one of the 125 greatest hurlers of all time in a 2009 poll.
At club level Flavin played with Youghal.
He was a selector and contributor to the Galway 3 in a row team during 1964-66 and again from 1980-81.
A versatile hurler, he has lined out in defence, midfield and attack.
He is regarded as one of the greatest midfielders of all time.
Maurice Francis "Mossy" O'Riordan was an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-forward for the Cork senior team.
He subsequently progressed onto the Cork under-21 team, winning back-to-back All-Ireland medals in 1970 and 1971.
Kerins's brother, Alan, enjoyed a lengthy career as a dual player with Galway.
In retirement from playing, Connolly became involved in team management and coaching, including as manager of the Mayo senior team.
He played hurling with his local club Fedamore and was a member of the Limerick senior inter-county team in the 1920s and 1930s.
Born in Mountbellew, County Galway, Hughes served his Gaelic football apprenticeship with the local club, moving up through the grades.
Brian Maloney is a Gaelic football player for Mayo and St Vincents.
Gilligan went on to play a key part for Clare for fourteen seasons, and won one All-Ireland medal and two Munster medals.
Aidan O'Mahony is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for the Kerry senior football team.
Quaid retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 2000 championship, but returned two years later for one final season.
Damien Quigley is a retired Irish sportsperson.
Born in Togher, Cork, O'Grady first played competitive football during his youth.
He would play as an outfield player for the league campaigns 1956, 58 and beginning of 59.
He was trainer of the Laois team that won the All-Ireland title in 1915.
Mark Phelan is an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-back for the Kilkenny senior team.
She won a Soaring Star award in 2009 and won a 2009 All Ireland junior camogie medal.
At club level Anthony enjoyed a lengthy career with Piltown.
He also played with Leinster in the Railway Cup.
At club level he is a one-time All-Ireland medallist with Midleton.
He made his senior debut during the 2014 National Football League.
Patrick "Paddy" Phelan was an Irish hurler who played as a left wing-back for the Kilkenny senior team.
He attended The School of the Holy Child, Larkhill, Whitehall, and St Aidan's Christian brothers School, Dublin 9.
Denis ‘Rookereen’ O’Keeffe was an Irish sportsperson.
She also captained Naomh Mearnóg from Portmarnock to their first Dublin senior championship title in 2009, the first senior title in any code for the club.
Born in Oulart, County Wexford, Dunne first played competitive hurling during his schooling at Oulart National School.
Healy was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
An All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion, Buckley captained the team to the All-Ireland title in 1941.
At club level he was a six-time championship medallist with Oulart-the Ballagh.
He is contributing well in all of his appearances so far.
At club level he has won two championship medals with Monaleen.
Brendan Bugler is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a right wing-back for the Clare senior team.
James Logue is an Irish hurler who previously lined out with the Tipperary and Kerry senior teams.
His league and championship career with the Cork senior team lasted six seasons from 1997 to 2002.
Gormley was part of Derry's 1993 All-Ireland Championship winning side and is one of the county's highest ever scorers.
A Right Half Back in the Mayo senior team, Feeney began playing with Castlebar Mitchels.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, Gilligan won four Railway Cup medals.
William Francis Stanton was an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-forward for the Cork senior team.
As a member of the Leinster inter-provincial team, Hogan has won one Railway Cup medal.
Stephen 'Picky' Maher is an Irish hurler who plays as a right wing-forward for the Laois senior team.
At club level Coughlan enjoyed a lengthy career with Nemo Rangers.
At club level, Brennan usually lines out at centre half back with St Marys.
Tipperary reached the final of the final of the 2015 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship, losing to Galway.
He plays with Na Cealla Beaga and the Donegal senior inter-county team.
Born in Waterford, McGrath first played competitive hurling during his schooldays.
Coffey was a two-time championship medallist with Ahane.
Since then he has won one Leinster medal and one National Hurling League medal.
Eugene McHale is a former Gaelic footballer on the Mayo senior inter-county football team.
He won a Leinster Senior Championship against Meath in 2014.
In 2011 he was appointed as a selector with the Cork under-21 team before later taking over as coach.
During that time he won three All-Ireland winner's medals and three Leinster winner's medals.
He has been a long-serving selector, coach and manager to the Tipperary minor and under-21 football teams.
Keane retired from inter-county hurling following Limerick's exit from the 1927 championship.
Máiréad McAtamney-Magill is a retired Irish sportsperson.
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1968 championship.
He also won one Leinster medal and five county senior championship medals.
Killian Burke is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a centre-back for the Cork senior team.
Davoren won a Leinster Senior Club Football Championship medal with Crokes against Rhode of Offalyin 2008 at Parnell Park, he scored 1-00 in the final.
Patrick 'Pa' Kearney is an Irish sportsman.
He ended up as an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
He is currently a trustee and vice president of his club Mayobrisge.
In retirement from playing O'Meara became involved in team management and coaching, most notably as manager of the Tipperary junior team.
Fr Quinn was a native of Quignashee, Ballina, and was ordained in Dalgan Park, Navan, Co Meath, for the Columban Missionaries in 1950.
In 2009, he was not part of the Wexford senior team insteed he played with the junior team.
He won a National League Division 1 title at corner back beating Cork in the final 3-8 to 1-7 in Pairc Ui Chaoimh.
At club level Burns is a one-time Munster medallist with Castlehaven.
At club level Clancy enjoyed a lengthy career with Mallow.
She also captained her club Glen Rovers to the All Ireland club championship of 1990.
An All-Ireland medalist in the minor and under-21 grades, he enjoyed little success at senior level.
Born in Dungarvan, County Waterford, Curran first played competitive hurling in his youth.
For the next eleven years he was a regular and consistent player for the black and white county.
During his career Conneely won one All-Ireland medal and two Leinster medals.
He played as a corner-forward on the Galway senior hurling team from 2001 to 2015.
Niall O'Shea is a London-born Gaelic footballer who plays inter-county football with Dublin and his club football for St Judes.
He plays hurling with his local club called O'Loughlin Gaels and was a member of the Kilkenny senior inter-county team from 2001 up until 2004.
As a member of the Leinster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, Nolan won four Railway Cup medals.
Danny McAllister was a famous Irish sportsperson.
Nicholas left his mark on DCU, on every student, but most importantly a dent on Gareth Tierney's door.
Lanigan captained the team to the All-Ireland title in 1937.
He received an All Star Award in 2007.
He also won an All Ireland B Title with Clare in 1991.
Matthew Ruth is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a substitute centre-forward for the Kilkenny senior team.
Born in Ballincollig, Cronin first played competitive hurling and tech graph in his youth.
He played hurling with his local club Moycarkey-Borris and was a member of the Tipperary senior inter-county team in the 1960s.
She was an All Star nominee in 2006 and 2009 and a member of the Team of the Championship for 2011.
O'Toole joined the Dublin senior team during the 1972 championship.
Morrissey retired from inter-county football following the conclusion of the 2008 championship.
He now lives in Derry City and has been one of the leading figures behind the scenes in the Steelstown club.
This is complemented on the team by Brian Dooher's tireless workrate from the half-forward line – something he is the first to admit.
With Michael McLoone, Bonner jointly holds the record for Donegal player with the highest score in the same match.
Sheehy first played competitive Gaelic football during his schooling at Tralee CBS.
Paddy won the Dublin Senior Football Championship with St. Brigid's in 2011.
He played hurling with his local club Dungourney and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team from 1902 until 1907.
He also won Sigerson Cups with UCG and Tralee IT.
He served as a selector at various times between 1939 and 1970, a period which saw Meath win three All-Ireland titles and eleven Leinster titles.
He was also the first President of the GAA and the only man ever to serve two terms as president.
He made his senior debut during the 2006 championship.
Unnamed sources have claimed that Ruairí has been offered the managers role for Clare hurling.
He joined the senior panel during the 1989 championship.
He currently plays with Michael Cusack's in Sydney.
Heffernan has a number of personal achievements.
He was a member of the Kerry team who beat Waterford in the Munster Senior Hurling Championship in 1993.
He made his debut in the 1927-28 Thomond Feis.
He also played hurling with the Kilkenny senior inter-county team from 1931 until 1934.
At club level Cooney played with the Carrick Swans and Carrick Davins clubs.
As a member of the Leinster inter-provincial team on one occasion, Cosgrove enjoyed little success in the Railway Cup.
In retirement from playing Bennis became involved in team management and coaching.
Over a number of years he has served as coach and selector to the Clare minor, under-21 and senior teams.
William "Bill" Duffy was an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder for the Galway senior team.
In retirement from playing Ryan became involved in team management and coaching.
During that time he won a set of All-Ireland and Munster winners' medals.
At club level White is a one-time Leinster medallist with St. Rynagh's.
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1973 championship.
Throughout his career Reddin made a combined total of 26 championship appearances.
A knee injury later that year ruled him out for the rest of the season.
At club level Lennon is a one-time championship medallist with John Locke's.
He is also regarded as one of the most talented players in the Gaelic Athletic Association.
Gavin is a very consistent free taker who can score from a dead ball from as far out as his own 45.
Tom Dempsey is a retired Irish sportsperson.
He won a Christy Ring Cup All Star in 2006.
Maloney formerly played with Kilmaine GAA in his native County Mayo although he has since moved to Dublin's St Vincents club.
His mother, the late Orla Ní Shíocháin was an inter-county camogie player with Dublin for many years and won three All-Ireland Senior Camogie medals.
Benny Hickey is an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a centre-forward for the Tipperary senior team.
Morris made his senior debut during the 2010 championship and immediately became a regular member of the team..
He played Gaelic football with his local club Walsh Island and was a member of the Offaly senior inter-county team from 1966 until 1978.
Sonny Maher, is a former Irish sportsperson.
He also worked as a coach with club sides O'Donovan Rossa and Dr. Croke's.
O'Sullivan has since become a regular member of the starting fifteen, and has won one Munster medal.
Linden also won two Ulster Senior Football Championships and a National League title with Down.
In 2014 he joined the Wexford Intermediate hurling team, where scored the winning goal against Kilkenny in the Leinster final.
Martin Brennan is an Irish retired sportsperson.
Rónán Clarke is an Irish Gaelic footballer who has played inter-county football for Armagh.
During his brief career he enjoyed little success.
Fearghal Purcell is a former Irish sportsperson.
In addition to this Hennessy has also won four Leinster medals and eight championship medals.
Catherine McGourty is a camogie player, and a PE teacher.
During that time he won four Railway Cup medals.
With his club Park, he was captain as they won two Laois Senior Football Championship titles in 1952 and 1953.
It was the first championship meeting between the sides since the 1961 semi final.
In recent years his form has been not up to what it once was and he has failed to warrant a starting position.
He retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 1927 championship.
At club level Slevin is a one-time Leinster medalist with Kilcormac-Killoughey In addition to this he has also won one county club championship medal.
At club level Hayes was a multiple county championship medalist with Moycarkey-Borris.
He played hurling with his local club Na Piarsaigh and was a member of the Limerick senior inter-county team in the 1990s and 2000s.
He was a regular for the Limerick senior hurling team during a successful period at the end of the 19th century.
In retirement from playing, Cassells became involved in team management and coaching.
At club level Parfrey was a multiple county championship medalist with Blackrock.
After joining the senior football team during the 1989 championship, he made his senior hurling debut during the 1991 championship.
Bannon won three All-Ireland and three Munster titles with Tipperary.
De Paor comes from An Cheathrú Rua in the Connemara Gaeltacht, where he attended the local national school, Scoil Mhic Dara.
At club level he won fifteen championship medals with Ahane.
John Allen is an Irish retired hurler and Gaelic footballer who played as a forward in both codes for the Cork senior teams.
He also played senior huling for Dublin from 1965-1973.
In addition to this he has also won four county club championship medals.
Born in Cork, Garrett first arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of twenty-two when he joined the Cork senior team for the 1931 championship.
He never played championship football at senior level but played in the league.
Mickey Freyne is a former GAA All Star Gaelic footballer from Castlerea, County Roscommon, Ireland.
He plays hurling with his local club Moyne-Templetuohy and with the Tipperary senior inter-county team since 2013.
Throughout his career Kelleher made 47 championship appearances.
Gilroy was the chairman of St Vincents GAA club from 1973 until 1977.
At club level McCarthy is a three-time championship medallist with Galtee Rovers.
During that time he won one All-Ireland medal, two Munster medals and one National Hurling League medal.
Murphy also lined out with St. Patrick's.
John ‘Jobber’ McGrath was an Irish sportsperson.
He played for the Louth senior inter-county football team from 1991 to 2002.
Pádraic Fahy is an Irish former sportsperson.
With Kilkenny Walsh won an All-Ireland title, three Leinster titles and a National Hurling League title.
Over a decade after stepping down as Cork manager, Barry-Murphy was appointed for a second stint as Cork manager on 7 September 2011.
Fitzgerald stepped down as manager in 2011, having secured the Munster crown the previous year.
Conor McDonald is an Irish hurler who plays as a full forward for the wexford senior team.
Ballyboden lost in the 2007 Leinster Final against Birr of Offaly.
Liam McCarthy is an Irish retired sportsperson.
He played Gaelic football with his local club Kanturk and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team from 1960 until 1969.
Dr. Frank Cummins was an Irish hurler who played as a left corner-forward for the Dublin senior team from 1947 until 1948.
In addition to this he has also won two Munster medals and three county hurling championship medals.
During that time he won four Railway Cup medals.
Martin Storey is an Irish former hurler who played as a centre-forward for the Wexford senior team.
Murphy became a regular member of the team over the next few years and won one All-Ireland medal and one Munster medal.
He was posthumously named on the GAA's Football Team of the Century and the Team of the Millennium, cementing his reputation as Gaelic football's greatest-ever custodian.
Martin McGrath is an Irish retired hurler who played as a centre-forward for the Tipperary senior team.
Stakelum was also selected on several Munster inter-provincial teams.
"Tom" Mulcahy was an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Cork senior team.
He made his senior debut during the 1983–84 league.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, O'Sullivan won one Railway Cup medal on the field of play.
Throughout his career Delaney made 66 championship appearances, setting him out as the third most "capped" player of all-time.
Cassidy was first called up to the Donegal senior team by Brian McEniff for winter training in 2003.
Born in Banagher, County Offaly, Dooley first played competitive hurling in his youth.
Langton went on to play a key part for Kilkenny during a lean era for the county, and won two All-Ireland medals and seven Leinster medals.
Martin Hackett was an Irish hurler who played for the Dublin senior team.
Glynn made his first appearance for the senior team during the 2012 championship and immediately became a regular impact sub.
He is right-footed but can kick with both feet and usually plays in midfield.
At club level he played with Army Metro in Dublin.
Fennelly was also an All-Ireland medal-winner at club level with Ballyhale.
Born in Threecastles, County Kilkenny, Lalor first arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of twenty when made his senior debut in the 1897 championship.
Deane is widely regarded as one of Cork's all-time greatest and most popular players.
He earned his first and only All-Ireland medal in 2002, the same year in which he won his All Star award.
He played his club football with the Galtee Gaels club.
Ellis later became a regular member of the starting fifteen and has won one Munster medal.
In 2001 he helped the club to win the Division 1 County League title the first in the clubs history.
He won an All-Ireland Senior Football Championship medal, seven Ulster Championships and a National League title with the county.
He has had a highly successful career with both clubs.
During that time he won one Munster medal.
During that time he won one Munster winners' medal.
Edward "Eddie" Gleeson is an Irish retired hurler who played as a left corner-forward for the Tipperary senior team.
His brother, Stephen Hackett, was an All-Ireland winner with Tipperary.
She won six All Ireland senior medals in all.
At club level Costelloe is a three-time championship medalist with Ballyduff.
Lenehan made his senior debut against Kildare in the Leinster Quarter Final.
Daniel Joseph "Donie" O'Donovan was an Irish Gaelic football manager and player.
He also won six Leinster medals, two National Football League medals and four All-Stars.
Kevin Walsh is a former Irish Gaelic footballer and current manager of the Galway footballers.
He is also the only Wicklow recipient of an All Star having won one in 1990 at Full Forward.
During that time he won two All-Ireland medals and three Munster medals.
He made a total of six championship appearances for Kerry.
Karen also donned the number four jersey in Offaly’s narrow 2008 junior final defeat and was an Ashbourne Shield winner with U.L.
Eddie Murphy is a hurling coach and former player from County Cork.
He also won an All Star for his performances in the 1998 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship.
JP is Naomh Mairtin's most well known player and in 2000 he won the Drogheda Independent/Drogheda Concentrates Sportstar of the Year.
Born in Bishopstown, Cork, O'Neill first played competitive hurling whilst at school in Coláiste an Spioraid Naoimh.
He played hurling with his local club Blackrock and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team from 1892 until 1894.
After a brace of Blue Star awards, it was inevitable that he was soon to be parachuted into the Dublin Senior Hurling set up.
He plays hurling with his local club Erin's Own and with the Cork senior inter-county team.
He is a bank official by profession.
Dermot Heaney is a former Irish Gaelic footballer who played for Derry in the 1990s and early 2000s.
A native of Dunmore, where his father was a National School teacher, Jack Mahon had a distinguished career as a player, at the highest level.
His brother Mick was also an All-Ireland winner with Tipperary.
Larry Stanley was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a goalkeeper for the Kildare and Dublin senior teams.
At club level Flynn played both hurling and Gaelic football with the Abbeyside but finished his career without claiming a county club championship medal.
At club level Maher was a three-time county club championship medalist with Shannon Blues in Boston.
Donegal recorded victory, despite Adrian being sent off in the second half.
He made his senior debut for Dublin during the 1925 championship before becoming a dual player with Cork's senior teams the following year.
Lane made his first appearance for the team during the 1964 championship but didn't become a semi-regular player until the end of the decade.
He switched to the left-corner forward position when he was named on the Football Team of the Millennium in 1999.
McCullagh retired from inter-county football in November 2010, due to family and work commitments.
Martin also won 2 Leinster Senior Colleges; 2 All-Ireland Senior Colleges; 1 Minor All-Ireland; 3 Leinster Under 21; 1 All-Ireland Under 21
He joined the senior panel during the 1951 championship.
He made his senior debut with Offaly during the 1978-79 National League and immediately became a regular member of the team.
Aidan Fogarty is an Irish hurler who played as a left corner-forward for the Kilkenny senior team.
He is the son of former Dublin footballer Barney Rock.
At club level Doyle began his career with Suncroft before later lining out with the Army Metro team.
Carey is an Irish retired hurler who played as a left wing-forward for the Kilkenny senior team.
The year started out well as Kerry won the National League for the first time since 1932.
Curran was a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions.
White has since gone on to be a regular member of the team, however, he has yet to claim any silverware.
As a member of the Connacht inter-provincial team at various times throughout his career, Mahon won five Railway Cup medals.
Aaron Craig is an Irish hurler who plays as a centre-back for the Westmeath senior team.
Anthony "Tony" O'Sullivan is an Irish retired hurler and Gaelic footballer who played as a right wing-forward for the Cork senior hurling team.
An All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion, Semple captained the team to the All-Ireland title in 1906 and in 1908.
He made his senior debut during the 1988-89 league.
An All-Ireland medalist in the under-21 grade, he has enjoyed little success as a member of the county senior team.
An all county U-21 title was picked up in 2003 as well.
Fogarty made his debut on the inter-county scene at the age of seventeen when he was selected for the Kerry minor team in 1959.
Matthew "Mattie" McDonagh was an [Irish] sportsperson.
He also won a Leinster Under 21 Football medal as a corner back with Laois in 1994.
O'Keeffe played for Cork for just one season in the 1893 championship.
After progressing onto the club's top team, he won a county intermediate championship medal in 1997.
He was the top scorer in the 2010 Fitzgibbon Cup helping Waterford Institute of Technology to finish as runners-up, he scored 1-11 in the final.
Since 1998 Fogarty has worked as a sports broadcaster.
He played hurling with his local club Castlegar and with the Galway senior inter-county team from 1923 until 1935.
Hoyne retired from inter-county hurling during the 1907 championship.
She won a Soaring Star award in 2009 and won a 2009 All Ireland junior camogie medal.
Moran subsequently became a regular member of the starting fifteen and won four All-Ireland medals, five Leinster medals and one National Hurling League medal.
Born in Togher, Finn first arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of seventeen when he first linked up with the Cork minor team.
Born in Borris-in-Ossory, County Laois, Whelan first played competitive hurling during his tenure at St. Fergal's College in Rathdowney.
Denis Dwyer is a footballer from Waterville in South Co Kerry.
During that time he won one All-Ireland medal and one Munster medal.
Kelly usually plays in the full-back position when playing with Antrim.
Born in Douglas, Cadogan first played hurling and Gaelic football in his youth.
He won 10 Sligo Senior Hurling Championships winning 9 in a row from 1995 to 2004 and once again in 2006.
He played hurling with his local club Mount Sion and was a member of the Waterford senior inter-county team in the 1940s and 1950s.
He plays with his local club Mayobridge and previously with the Down senior football team until his retirement in 2014.
During that time he won one National League medal and one Ulster medal.
He has won three Irish News Ulster All-Star awards and was named left-corner back on the Irish News Team of the Decade in 2004.
For the 2006 season Darren made himself unavailable for the Meath team but he returned to the Meath panel for the 2007 season.
Her brother, Ciarán, is a well-known trainer and club player with Conahy Shamrocks, and she made her senior debut in 2009.
Born in Cullen, County Tipperary, English first played competitive Gaelic games during his schooling at the Abbey CBS.
He played with the Longford intercounty team for 12 years from 1995 to 2007.
He was a Munster runner-up on one occasion.
His brother Dermot has also played on occasion for Derry.
Andrew O'Flynn is an Irish retired hurler who played as a full-forward for the Cork senior team.
Doyle has been a regular fixture on team since that initial appearance, and has won two Christy Ring Cup medals and one National League medal.
In September 2004, Brogan was appointed as St Oliver Plunkett Eoghan Ruadh's Games Promotion Officer.
Born in Bishopstown, Meaney first played competitive hurling during his schooling at St. Flannan's College.
In retirement from playing, Lane became involved in team management and coaching.
Gerard Monan is an Irish hurler who played for the Down senior hurling team.
McDonald was a pupil of Presentation College, Askea, Carlow from 1992 to 1997 & was a member of the school Gaelic football teams.
He lost his seat at the 1938 general election.
Whelan was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
Ronnie Slevin is a retired Irish sportsperson.
His brother, Ken, was also an All-Ireland medallist with Kilkenny.
In retirement from playing, Molloy became involved in team management and coaching.
His older brother Ray was also a member of the Louth senior football team.
Yvonne Redmond is a camogie player, winner of the B+I Star of the Year award and an All Ireland medal with Dublin in 1984.
He played hurling with his local club Blackrock and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team from 1893 until 1896.
He played Gaelic football with his local club St. Finbarr's and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team in the 1980s and 1990s.
Murphy later served as coach of the Blackrock senior hurling team.
Marc Ó Sé is an Irish sportsman.
He plays hurling with his local club Kilcormac-Killoughey and was a member of the Offaly senior inter-county team from 1997 until 2005.
Adrian Timothy Mannix also known as "Turkey" is an Irish sportsperson.
In 2010 he helped Tipperary win the Munster Under-21 Football Championship.
He plays hurling with his local club Ballyduff Upper and has been a member of the Waterford senior inter-county team since 2007.
At club level he has won several championship medals with Kanturk, while he also lined out with the Cork Institute of Technology.
Daniel 'Danno' O'Keeffe was an Irish sportsman.
Jeremiah Alphonsus Beckett, better known as Jerry Beckett, was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a forward for the Cork senior team.
Cahir Healy is an Irish dual player.
Troy was a regular for the Limerick senior hurling team during a successful period between 1918 and 1921.
During that time he has won one All-Ireland winners' medal, two Leinster winners' medals and one National Football League winners' medal.
Pádraig Brehony is an Irish hurler who plays as a forward for the Galway senior team.
Enright was a regular member of the panel over the next few years and won one Munster medal as a non-playing substitute.
At club level he won one championship medals with Dicksboro.
Born in Banagher, County Offaly, Keane first played competitive hurling in his youth.
At club level O'Leary continued to play with Kilruane MacDonagh's.
Francis "Frank" Meagher was an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-back for the Kilkenny senior team.
Throughout his career Murphy made three championship appearances.
O'Sullivan's retirement came following the conclusion of the 1987 championship.
Cusack made his senior debut during the 1996 Oireachtas Cup.
In July 2016 O'Dowd stepped down as manager after 4 years in charge following their shock exit by Derry.
Lambert was a member of the Ballyboden St. Enda's football team that won the 2015–16 All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship.
He plays hurling with the Antrim senior inter-county hurling team.
Born in Millstreet, County Cork, Ellis first played competitive hurling whilst at school in Millstreet Community School.
Born in Killarney, County Kerry, Cooper was born into a strong Gaelic football family.
He played right wing back on the Kilkenny senior hurling team.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions.
He joined the senior hurling panel during the 1972 championship.
At club level Haverty is a one-time Connacht medalist with Loughrea.
Jimmy "Butler" Coffey was an Irish hurler who played as a right wing-forward for the Tipperary senior team.
He plays hurling with his local club Lisgoold.
Anthony Tohill is an Irish former Gaelic footballer who played for Derry in the 1990s and early 2000s.
He plays hurling with his local club Drom-Inch and with the Tipperary senior inter-county team.
However, Greencastle GAA defeated them by one point.
During that time he won one Christy Ring Cup winners' medal and one Ulster winners' medal.
O'Dwyer won his sole set of All-Ireland and Munster winners' medals with Tipperary in 1971.
He won a Div 3 National League title in 2012 healping his side to a 2 point win over Wexford in the final.
Foley retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 1957 championship.
He made his senior debut during the 1983 championship.
Dalton joined the team during the 2006 championship.
Foley enjoyed All-Ireland success with the CBS Sexton Street team in 1966, while simultaneously joining the Patrickswell senior team.
He plays hurling with his local club Sixmilebridge and was a member of the Clare senior inter-county team from 1980 until 1991.
Doyle also became famous because as he was a member of the big brother house in 2010 .
In 1940 he played with the county junior team, which won the All Ireland junior title that year.
Kennelly is regarded as one of Wexford's greatest-ever players.
McGrath went on to play a key part for Limerick during a golden age for the team, and won two All-Ireland medals and three Munster medals.
His uncle, Pat Stakelum, was an All-Ireland-winning captain with Tipperary in 1949.
Fleming retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the Railway Cup in 1951.
In 1987 McGuinness died and is buried in Navan.
He also won numerous championship medals with the club.
At club level Hennessy is a one-time Munster medallist with Kilmallock.
Some sources reference her under the name "Emma Emmy Delaney" although her given name was Emily and her family name was Delany with no "e".
Cunningham represented the Munster inter-provincial team at various times throughout his career, winning one Railway Cup medal.
In retirement from playing Baker became involved in team management.
In poor conditions Down prevailed with a 4-point victory over their opponents, with Kalum picking up 2 yellow cards for a sending-off during the game.
He is jointly credited with starting the International Compromise Rules Series.
A two-time Connacht medallist he also enjoyed All-Ireland successes at inter-provincial level.
His father, Joe, and his uncle, Jimmy, both played with Galway and won All-Ireland medals with the Galway team of the 1980s.
Not to mind debasing themselves playing for both.
He played with the Roscommon intercounty team from 1999 to 200?.
Declan Fanning is an Irish Gaelic footballer and hurler who played as right wing-back for the Tipperary senior team.
David Breen is an Irish hurler who plays centre-forward and is the captain of the Limerick senior team.
He plays with the Meath intercounty team with whom he has had some success.
Throughout his career Garrett made 12 championship appearances.
Graham Geraghty, is a former Gaelic football player for the Meath senior football team.
Fitzmaurice was appointed manager of the Kerry senior team on 27 August 2012.
She played in the 2009 All Ireland camogie final.
After a fifteen year inter-county career, O'Donnell retired from inter-county hurling following Wexford's defeat by Tipperary in the 1962 championship
Ryan made his first appearance for the team during the 2009 National League and has become a regular player over the last few seasons.
Since then he has won one All-Ireland winners' medal and three Munster winners' medals.
He left the Clare panel in March 2015 but returned again in April 2015.
With his club Courtwood, George won a Laois Junior Football Championship in 1986 and a Laois Intermediate Football Championship in 1987.
Griffin's and was a member of the Galway senior inter-county team in the 1960s and 1970s.
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1996 championship.
Conor Fogarty is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a midfielder for the Kilkenny senior team.
Conneely went on to play a key role for Galway, and won one All-Ireland medal and one National Hurling League medal.
At club level he was a six-time championship medallist with Carrickshock.
At club level Kerwick plays with Killenaule.
He has been an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
He made his senior debut during the 1998 National Hurling League.
He played most of his club football for Na Fianna in Glasnevin in the northern suburbs of Dublin.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, Twomey won one Railway Cup medal.
At club level, Dunphy played with Mooncoin and won six county championship winners' medals in a career that spanned three decades.
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1936 championship.
In October 2013 he was appointed as the Kildare Senior Football Manager.
O'Sullivan quickly became a regular member of the starting fifteen and won one All-Ireland medal and three Munster medals.
Vernon is an avid sports fan and was recently appointed joint head of the Loch An Iuir PE Department along with Finbarr Christie.
During that time he won five All-Ireland medal, four Munster medals and two National League medals.
Jack has been capped for Kerry u5 and gets an average of over 20 likes per Instagram.
He also played for Salthill-Knocknacarra in Galway City from 2007 to 2009.
At club level, Ryan was a three-time county championship winners' medalist with his local Cappamore club.
He also plays at centre half back for his club.
He made his senior debut during the 1892 championship.
Graham Canty is an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a centre-back for the Cork senior team.
He also played with his local Young Islanders club.
Declan Ryan is an Irish former hurler and team manager with Tipperary.
Doyle scored 1-4 from centre back, winning man of the match and making Gaelic Life's "team of the week".
During that time he captained the team on numerous occasions and won two All-Ireland medals and four Munster medals.
and made his final appearance in the county senior colours during the 2003 championship.
He served as a Teachta Dála from 1987 to 2016.
In 2004, she was named on the Camogie Team of the Century.
Mulcahy was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
At club level he won one Leinster medal and five championship medal with Fenians.
Walter Parfrey was an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Cork senior team.
He is a former aselector with the Limerick senior hurling team.
Shane Moloney is an Irish hurler who plays as a corner-forward for the Galway senior team.
FitzGerald also enjoyed a lengthy club career with Collins and Macroom, winning two county club championship medals.
Nicholas O'Shea was an Irish hurler who played as midfielder for the Dublin senior team.
Joe Waldron is an Irish former sportsperson.
By this stage Fitzgerald had become a regular member of the St. Mary's club team, beginning a four-decade association with the team.
He arrived on the inter-county scene when he first linked up with the Offaly minor team before later joining the under-21 side.
He was dropped from the Cork panel after the conclusion of the 1998 championship.
At club level Connolly was a one-time Munster medallist with Cashel King Cormac's.
On the 17th November 2015 he announced his retirement from inter county.
Johnny Brenner is a retired Irish hurling midfielder who formerly played with De La Salle GAA at club level and with Waterford GAA at inter-county level.
The journey to the Holy Grail and Sam Maguire had started with a pulsating contest against who else but Mayo in Castlebar in May '98.
He has served as a selector with the Tipperary minor, under-21, junior and senior teams.
Throughout his career Corbett has made 61 championship appearances.
Gray also served as Chairman of the Leinster Council of the GAA from 1990 to 1993.
In 1971, he was named at right full back on the inaugural team at the GAA All Stars Awards.
They later went on to win the Limerick Championship for the club.
He retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 1932 championship.
Vincent Cronin was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a left corner-back for the Cork senior football team.
At club level O'Meara is a county football championship medallist with divisional side Thomas MacDonagh's.
Cormac Donnelly is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a full-back for the Antrim senior team.
At club level he began his career with Whitechurch before later winning a premier intermediate championship medal with Clyda Rovers.
In addition to this he has also won seven championship medals and three county final Man of the Match awards.
She made her senior debut during the 2004 championship.
He played in different grades at inter-county level with Down, however, he enjoyed little success throughout his career.
Over the next few years, O'Sullivan became a regular member of the team and won one Munster medal and one National Football League medal.
A former manager of the Carlow under-21 hurling team, Flynn is currently coach of the Down senior hurling team.
Enda Gormely is one of a few players who have won two All Stars.
During that time he won one National Hurling League winners' medal and one All-Star award.
He plays for the Kildare senior inter-county football team.
In 2000 he was named in the right wing-forward position on the Westmeath Hurling Team of the Millennium.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
Michael McBride is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for Derry, with whom he has won a National League title.
His brother, Colm, also enjoyed a lengthy career with Wexford.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team Naughton made a number of appearances without winning a Railway Cup medal.
Kyle has also played for the Tyrone team at senior level and at present plays in the number 18.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team, Cusack won one Railway Cup medal in 2005.
Mussen captained Down to the All-Ireland title in 1960.
During that time he won two Leinster medals.
Born in Piercestown, County Wexford, Quigley first played competitive hurling whilst at school at Wexford CBS.
At club level Gleeson played with Thurles Sarsfields.
Richard "Richie" Reid is an Irish retired hurler who played as a wing-back for the Kilkenny and Dublin senior teams.
Michael Murphy is an Irish Gaelic footballer who captains Donegal.
won the Leinster Senior football championship and the all-Ireland senior football championship in 2011 as a squad member.
He ended up as an All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions.
Born in Kilkenny, Tyrrell was raised in a hurling household.
Lyons played his last game for Cork in July 1960.
Lowry made his debut on the inter-county scene at the age of seventeen when he was selected for the Offaly minor team.
Sheehy captained Kerry to the All-Ireland final in 1964, but lost out to Galway.
During a four-year term as manager of the Galway senior hurlers, he guided the team to an All-Ireland final appearance.
He holds strong political views and has considered filling a niche in the Irish political scene by founding a far right party.
Michael 'Hopper' McGrath is an Irish former sportsperson.
He made his senior debut during the 1879-80 league.
As a player, he has won one All-Ireland winners' medal at intermediate level and a National League winners' medal.
Jim Irish is an Irish retired sportsperson.
At club level he was a one-time championship medallist in the intermediate grade with Upperchurch-Drombane.
Daly made his first appearance for the team during the 1902 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen for that season.
Johnny Walsh was a famous Irish sportsperson.
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1933 championship.
After being chosen on the Munster inter-provincial team for the first time in 1976, Ó Sé was an automatic choice on the starting fifteen until 1985.
He joined the senior football and hurling panels during the 2005 championships.
He made his senior debut during the 1966 championship.
Stephen White is an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder for the Cork senior team.
At club level Joyce plays hurling and Gaelic football with Na Piarsaigh.
He was captain of the 2006 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship winning team.
He won Munster Senior Hurling Championship medals in 1987 and 1988 and was an unused substitute in the 1988 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Final.
A statue bearing the epigraph "Jim the Redeemer" has been erected at Laghy close to the holy shrine of pilgrimage on Lough Derg.
Kevin O'Sullivan is an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Tipperary senior team.
Landers's brothers, Bill and Tim, also enjoyed All-Ireland success with Kerry.
It would be 32 years before the county would win another one.
Silke went on to play a key role for Galway for over a decade, and won one All-Ireland medal and one National Hurling League medal.
At club level McGrath is a Munster medallist with De La Salle.
At club level Harrington played with Douglas.
At club level, Dorney enjoyed a successful career with Blackrock, winning six county club championship winners' medals.
Séamus Cleere is an Irish retired hurler who played as a right wing-back for the Kilkenny senior team.
A three-time All-Ireland medalist in the under-21 grade, he enjoyed little success as a member of the county senior team.
At club level Morrissey was a four-time county club championship medalist with Craughwell.
During that time he won one Waterford Crystal Cup medal.
Born in Freshford, County Kilkenny, Phelan arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of twenty-one when he first linked up with the Kilkenny senior team.
At club level Coughlan won five championship medals with Kinnitty.
Ciarán Maher was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a right corner-forward for the Dublin senior team.
Patrick "Pat" Ryan is an Irish retired hurler who played as a midfielder for the Cork senior team.
His father, Paddy, and his son, Philly, also enjoyed multiple All-Ireland successes with Kilkenny.
Kelly subsequently joined the Cork under-21 team, winning three successive Munster medals between 2004 and 2006.
Born in Cashel, County Tipperary, Bonnar first played competitive hurling during his schooling at Cashel CBS.
During that time he won one All-Ireland medal, two Munster medals and one National League medal.
Codd was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
Ned Buggy is an Irish retired hurling selector and former player who enjoyed a successful career as a midfielder with the Wexford senior team.
In 2009, Gilroy's selectors were Mickey Whelan, Paul Nugent and Paddy O'Donoghue.
Also holds Munster championship titles with Cork as well as a Senior county championship with her club and inter-provincial honours with Munster.
Born in Ballingarry, County Limerick, Reidy first played competitive hurling in his youth.
At club level he has won numerous championship medals with Bishopstown.
He won All Ireland Under 21 Medals in 1995 & 1996 as captain.
He played hurling with his local club St. Martin's and with the Wexford senior inter-county team from 1979 until 1996.
He played an integral role in Donegal's successful 2011-2014 run of matches, starting every Championship game in that period.
He is particularly renowned for his goal-scoring ability.
Following these initial two seasons Kalum took a break from the sport to concentrate on his studies at Queens University.
During that time he won one All-Ireland medal and two National Hurling League medals.
He subsequently joined the James Stephens senior team and was at centre-forward when the club won the All-Ireland title in 2005.
Therese Maher is a Camogie player, and winner of Five All Star awards 2005, 2008, 2009 and 2011 and 2013.
He was a member of the 1995 All-Ireland winning Dublin team.
During that time he won five All-Ireland medals, nine Munster medals, three National League medals and one All-Star awards.
Cussen went on to play a key role for Cork, and won one Munster medal as well as being an All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions.
He joined the senior panel during the 1998 championship.
Pat Hartigan is a former Irish sportsperson.
After little success in this grade, he later won an All-Ireland medal with the under-21 team.
In retirement from playing Healy has become involved in team management and coaching.
In 2014, he was a sub in the quarter-final victory over Laois in the Leinster Senior Championship.
He was part of the Meath team that made it to the 2002 All-Ireland Minor Championship Final but lost out to Derry.
During his inter-county career, he won four Munster winners' medals and one National League winners' medal.
Cormac Costello is a Gaelic football forward for Dublin, with whom he has won three All-Ireland Senior Football Championship medals and four National Football League medals.
Tom Howard is an Irish former hurler who played as a right wing-back for the Clare senior team.
She played in full forward in Croke Park in the 2016 All-Ireland Final, where Armagh where overcome by Carlow.
He served as a selector with the Tipperary minor and junior teams before taking charge of the senior team as manager.
He played for two championship seasons with the minor team.
He was also chosen as one of the 125 greatest hurlers of all time in a 2009 poll.
He joined the senior panel during the 1998 National Hurling League.
winner of two Soaring Star awards in 2009 and 2011 and a member of the 2001 Junior All-Ireland winning Down team.
In 2004, O'Gorman retired from inter-county hurling.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, O'Connell won two Railway Cup medals.
At club level Magana played with the Celbridge team.
He played hurling with his local club St. Vincent's and with the Dublin senior inter-county team in the 1950s and 1960s.
In 2009, he was chosen at centre-back on a special Munster football team of the quarter century.
In 2011 Kerry were back in the Christy Ring Cup final; this time they won beating Wicklow.
Throughout his inter-county career, Hayes made just four championship appearances for Cork.
He won an All-Ireland Medal with Kerry in 2004, and also won an Munster Minor Championship in 2001.
Conroy made his Senior championship debut against Roscommon and scored finished the game with a tally of 0-6.
Laurence "Larry" Flaherty was an Irish sportsperson.
Born in Ballycallan, County Kilkenny, Doheny first played competitive hurling in his youth.
He played Gaelic football with his local club Lees and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team in the 1950s and 1960s.
In retirement from playing Bernie became involved in team management and coaching.
During that time he won two All-Ireland medals and three Munster medals.
At club level Duffy began his club career with Meelick-Eyrecourt in Galway before later winning four county club championship medals with Brothers Pearse in London.
Niall McCusker is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for Derry, with whom he has won two National League titles.
He also represented Ireland in an exhibition series versus the combined Universities.
O'Driscoll joined the team during the 1950 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement a decade later.
Vera Sheehan is a camogie player, winner of a Lynchpin award, predecessor of the All Star awards, in 2003.
During that time he won three Munster medals and two All-Star awards.
O'Shea is regarded as one of the greatest players of all-time.
At club level Muldowney was a one-time championship medallist in the junior grade with Kevin's.
Patrick "Paddy" Donoghue was an Irish hurler who played as a left wing-forward for the Kilkenny senior team.
Doyle's brothers, Eddie and Eddie Doyle, also enjoyed All-Ireland success with Kilkenny.
In 2003, he was part of the Laois team that won the Leinster Senior Football Championship title for the first time since 1946.
During that time he won one National Hurling League medal.
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1916 championship.
Colm Cavanagh is a Tyrone Gaelic footballer from Moy.
He served as a selector with Clare, Westmeath and Antrim, before taking over as manager of the Offaly senior hurling team for two seasons.
He plays hurling with his local club Clonkill and has been a member of the Westmeath senior inter-county team since 2000.
An All-Ireland-winning captain in the under-21 grade, he has yet to win any major honors at senior level with Galway.
Hayes made his first appearance for the team during the 1899 championship and was a regular member of the starting for the next few seasons.
Jody Grace is a former Irish hurling player.
He won an All Star award in 1988.
He plays full back for the Kildare senior inter-county team since making his senior debut in 2004.
Straight forward wins over Tipperary and Cork meant a 5th Munster title in a row.
He played his last game for Kerry in February 1988.
McCarthy immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen and won five All-Ireland medals, nine Munster medals and four National Hurling League medals.
At club level Dalton plays for Carrickshock, however, he has yet to win a county club championship winners' medal.
Colin Walshe is a Gaelic footballer for Monaghan.
Turlough Herbert is an Irish retired sportsperson.
He was sent off for striking Michael Murphy in a fight which Murphy lost in the 2015 All-Ireland Quarter final.
He made his senior debut during the 2011 league.
His brother Cathal won All-Irelands with Galway Under-21s in 2005 and a Hogan Cup with St. Jarlaths College, Tuam in 2002.
His brother-in-law, Jimmy Brohan, was a contemporary on the Cork hurling team, while his sons, Tom and Jim, enjoyed All-Ireland success with Cork.
Harry Gray was an Irish hurler who played as a centre-forward for the Laois and Dublin senior team.
and an All Ireland medal in 1967 when she was captain, play-maker and player of the match in Antrim’s defeat of Dublin.
Richard "Richie" Bennis is an Irish retired hurler who played as a centre-forward for the Limerick senior team.
Four years later, his reputation as a footballer was further cemented when he was the recipient of the GAA All-Time All-Star award.
At club level Flavin plays with Croom.
Throughout his career Walsh made 6 championship appearances.
Maher's retirement came following the conclusion of the 1904 championship.
He enjoyed little success in the senior grade and was an unused substitute in Limerick's All-Ireland final defeat in 2007.
During that time he won four Railway Cup medals.
Shelly played his last game for Tipperary during the 1923 championship.
Carter went on to play a key role for Kilkenny, and won two All-Ireland medals, four Leinster medals and one National Hurling League medal.
His brothers, John, Barry and Neil, all played for Cork, while his grand-nephew, Jimmy Barry-Murphy, is regarded as one of the most iconic players of all-time.
Cullinane was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
Maurice Murphy was an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-back for the Cork senior team.
During a near decade long tenure as Kilkenny manager he guided the team to three All-Ireland titles.
His grandnephew, D. J. Carey, was a five-time All-Ireland medallist with Kilkenny.
His partnership with Willie Hough and Dinny Lanigan in the half-back line became known as the Hindenburg Line of hurling.
He plays Gaelic football with his local club Valley Rovers and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team from 1999 to 2013.
Meaney was later appointed general manager of Cork City F. C..
An All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions, Ryan also captained the team to the All-Ireland title in 1934.
Jacob made his debut on the inter-county scene when he first linked up with the Wexford minor team.
Seán White is an Irish retired hurler who played as a left wing-forward for the Offaly senior team.
He later won county senior football championship medals with the Castlehaven senior team in 2012 and 2013.
He made his senior debut during the 2011 National Hurling League.
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1953 championship.
Paul McComiskey is a Gaelic footballer from County Down, Northern Ireland.
Francie Grehan is a Gaelic footballer from County Roscommon, Ireland.
Throughout his inter-county career he made 24 championship appearances.
The goal line was packed with Down players to prevent a goal.
Tom was recently recalled to the mayo senior team.
Patrick Bradley is an Irish sportsman, who plays Gaelic football for Derry.
In 1980 he was the inaugural recipient of the All-Time All Star Award.
During that time he won three Ulster medals and was a three-time All-Star nominee.
And that's what "Giller" respected about him.
Doran's career tally of 41 goals and 57 points marks him out as Wexford's second highest championship scorer of all-time.
Ferriter was extremely unlucky with a serious shoulder injury which curtailed a highly promising senior career with Kerry at a relatively early age.
Born in Newtownshandrum, County Cork, Naughton first played competitive hurling during his schooling at Charleville CBS.
At club level Reid is a one-time All-Ireland medallist with Ballyhale Shamrocks.
He played as a defender and started at right half back in the 1992 All-Ireland Final as Donegal won by 0-18 to 0-14 against Dublin.
Born in Johnstown, County Kilkenny, Holohan first excelled at cricket before turning to hurling.
At club level O'Flaherty is a one-time championship medallist with Fr.
Anthony Molloy is a former Gaelic footballer.
John 'Bubbles' O'Dwyer is an Irish sportsperson.
He won Leitrim Senior Football Championship titles in 1989, 1992, 1993, 1994 with Aughawillian.
He arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of twenty-three when made his senior debut in a tournament game.
He played hurling with his local club Kilmallock and with the Limerick senior intra-county team in the 1970s.
His son, Damien Cahalane, has also played Gaelic football and hurling with Cork.
O'Neill won two All-Ireland Under-21 Football Championship medals in 1984 and 1985.
Éanna Ryan is a former Irish sportsperson.
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1968 championship.
William "Willie" Campbell was an Irish hurler who played as a centre-back for the Cork senior team.
He played Gaelic football with his local club St. Vincents and was a member of the Dublin senior inter-county team from 1965 until 1978.
He played hurling with his local club Buttevant and with the Cork senior inter-county team from 1939 until 1944.
At club level Kelly is a one-time All-Ireland medallist in the junior grade with St. Patrick's Ballyragget.
After coaching Youghal at club level he later became manager of the Cork under-21 team.
With UCC, he won both Sigerson Cup and Cork County football titles in 2011.
Darren Hanniffy is an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder for the Offaly senior team.
From three successive All-Ireland final appearances he won one All-Ireland medal in 1967.
McGovern made his senior debut during the 2012 championship.
Shane O'Sullivan is an Irish hurler who plays as a midfielder for the Waterford senior team.
At club level he has won one junior championship medal with Emeralds.
She alternates between playing in the forwards and defence for her club Cappagh.
With Stradbally, he won Laois Senior Football Championship medals in 1997 and 1998 before transferring to the Round Towers club in Dublin in 2005.
As a hurler he also won six championship medals with Blackrock.
He usually played in the half-forward line and was regarded as one of the best footballers in Ireland at a time.
2,000 mourners lined the streets of Tuam as his cortege passed through.
He made his senior debut in the 1969 championship.
Grimes joined the team during the 1966 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 1981 championship.
Geoffrey McGonagle is an Irish dual GAA player who played Gaelic football and hurling for Derry in the 1990s and 2000s.
He won [Kilkenny Senior Hurling Championship|county senior championship]] medals in 1923 and 1926.
As a representative on the Leinster inter-provincial team for much of his inter-county career, Larkin won three Railway Cup medals in 1932, 1933 and 1936.
Brian Thomas O'Halloran, he is an Irish sportsperson.
He currently plays for the Parnells club in Dublin.
Con collected six medals back in the twenties and thirties.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
He has also served as a selector with the Offaly senior team.
J. J. Smith is an Irish Gaelic footballer.
In addition to this he has also won six Munster medals and seven county football championship medals.
McDaid injured a cruciate ligament in his knee while playing in America in 2008 and had to have two cartilage operations on his bones.
He made his senior debut during the 1939 championship.
Thomas "Tom" Cheasty was an Irish hurler who played as a centre-forward for the Waterford senior team.
Fogarty subsequently became a regular member of the starting fifteen and has won two All-Ireland medals and two Leinster medals.
Burke made his first appearance for the team during the 1934 championship and became a regular player over the next decade.
He was starting goalkeeper for the Fitzgibbon Cup winning NUI Galway team, the college's first Fitzgibbon Cup victory in 30 years.
Throughout his career, Keogh made 23 championship appearances for Wexford .
He plays in a centre forward role or a midfield role for his club.
At club level he won a set of intermediate and junior championship medals with Lattin-Cullen.
He played Gaelic football for Dublin, and was also an Australian rules footballer.
Ronan Curran is an Irish former inter-county hurler who played for the Cork senior team as a centre-back.
He played Gaelic football with his local club St. Michael's and was a member of the Meath senior inter-county team from 1984 util 1997.
A financial advisor by profession, he plays with the Austin Stacks club of Tralee and is a member of the Kerry county squad.
Liam Cronin is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer who played for the Tipperary senior team.
Gerry Lohan is a Gaelic footballer from County Roscommon, Ireland.
Meehan plays his club football with Caltra and played county football for the Galway senior football team.
He was one the game's best point-scorers and an expert free-taker.
He was shorter than most midfielders, but made up for this with his excellent spring and catching abilities, which drew McGuinness comparisons with Jim McKeever.
Healy has won 4 Kerry Senior Hurling Championships with Ballyheigue in 1992, 1996, 1997 and 2000.
He plays hurling with his local club Adare and was a member of the Limerick senior inter-county team from 1995 until 2009.
Treacy went on to play a key role over the next decade, winning four All-Ireland medals, eight Leinster medals and one National Hurling League medal.
He announced his retirement from inter-county hurling on 12 November 2014.
Cummins made his senior debut for Cork during the 1967-68 football league, before becoming a regular on the Cork hurling team the following year.
Despite his status as a highly promising player, Walsh did not make the breakthrough to All-Ireland Senior Football Championship football with Kerry until 2008.
He later went on to train the Roscommon county footballers that were based in Dublin between 1970 and 1971.
While usually playing in defence for Derry, he often played in attack for Magherafelt and current club Ballymaguigan.
Maguire remained as a peripheral player on both teams for a number of seasons, winning one National Hurling League medal.
Patrick "Pa" Dillon was an Irish hurler who played as a full-back for the Kilkenny senior team.
In 2010 he was part of the DCU team that won the 2010 O'Byrne Cup beating Louth in the final and the Sigerson Cup beating UCC.
He played with the Kerry team that were shocked by Clare in the final of the 1992 Munster Senior Football Championship.
At club level Cummins was a two-time county club championship medalist with Ballymurn.
During his brief inter-county career he won one All-Ireland medal.
Born in Ballycallan, County Kilkenny, Ronan first played competitive hurling during his schooling at St. Kieran's College.
He was a selector with the Boherlahen-Dualla senior team on a number of occasions.
O'Dwyer ended his managerial career with an unsuccessful one-year stint in charge of Clare.
Brian Talty is the current manager of Dublin GAA club Parnells.
O'Mahony made his first appearance for the team during the 2005 National League and immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen.
Louise Mahoney is a camogie player, winner of a Soaring Star award in 2009.
Frank Howlin is an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a centre-back for the Tipperary senior team.
On the day of the vote, he appeared as a barrister in a court far away from the parliament.
He joined the team in 1913 and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until 1925.
At club level Joyce is an All-Ireland medallist in the intermediate grade with Rower-Inistioge.
Mick O'Loughlin is an Irish former sportsperson.
Paul Hearty is a Gaelic football player from Armagh, Northern Ireland.
Throughout his long career he won one All-Ireland winner's medal and two Munster winner's medals.
He was part of the Leitrim team that won the Connacht Senior Football Championship in 1994.
At club level Madden played with Redmonds.
In 2013, she was given a Northside and District Hall of Fame Award.
McMahon holds the record for scoring the fastest goal ever in an All-Ireland final.
He also played in the 2006 Ulster final against the same opponents at the same venue, and scored three points but lost again.
During that time he won two All-Ireland medals, two Munster medals and one National Hurling League medal.
Jimmy Cooney is an Irish retired hurler who played as a left corner-back for the Galway senior team.
At club level he is a two-time Ulster medallist with Ruairí Óg.
At club level Kelly enjoyed a successful career with Bennettsbridge, winning seven county club championship winners' medals.
At club level Lalor won two championship medals with Threecastles.
Born in Skryne, County Meath, O'Brien was introduced to Gaelic football at Skryne National School under the tutelage of schoolmaster Brian Smyth.
Éamonn Mongey was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a midfielder and as a centre-back for the Mayo senior team.
During that successful year he won one All-Ireland medal.
Paul McKenna was an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder for the Tipperary senior team.
Born in Leitrim, County Galway, Molloy first played competitive hurling during his schooling at St. Brigid's Vocational School.
He went to the Convent of Mercy secondary school in Belmullet.
Conroy was named as Galway captain for the 2014 season.
He played hurling with his local club Enniscorthy Shamrocks and was a member of the Wexford senior inter-county team from 1962 until 1969.
Patrick "Paddy" Leahy was an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder for the Tipperary senior team.
She has won an All Ireland Junior Camogie Championship with Kildare in 2013 as well as an All Ireland Junior A Camogie Title in 2010.
He once got pulled of by fellow castlebar man Fergal Durkan 
Cogan later served as manager of the team.Frank is a member of the Cork back room team since 1987.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions.
Leahy made his first appearance for the team during the 1889 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen for the next two seasons.
He plays hurling with his local club Rathnure and was a member of the Wexford senior inter-county team from 1995 until 2006.
He won the Meath Senior Football Championship with Summerhill in 1986.
Throughout his inter-county career Ryan made 40 championship appearances for Limerick.
He represented Ireland in the Shinty International against Scotland in 2003.
Dwyer retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 1963 championship.
He also writes for The Irish News.
Born in Lorrha, County Tipperary, Madden first appeared at underage levels with the Lorrha-Dorrha club.
Clare were winning at the time, however, Offaly won the subsequent re-fixture.
He is Donegal's all-time leading scorer and most-capped Championship player.
Richard "Richie" Quirke is an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a full-back for the Tipperary senior team.
He later played with University College Dublin during his studies there.
He plays Gaelic football with his local club Nemo Rangers and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team from 2003 until 2010.
Rackard's brothers, Billy and Bobby, also enjoyed All-Ireland success with Wexford.
He joined the senior panel during the 1926 championship.
Harte's recent successes include reaching the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship 2006 final, although Kerry beat Mayo 4-15 to 3-5.
He quickly established himself on the Caherline team and won county senior championship medals in 1896, 1905 and 1907.
During the summer of 2013, Laura embarked on a data collection program in the Science Gallery, Trinity College, Dublin.
At club level with the South Kerry divisional side he has won County championships at minor, Under 21 and senior level.
He plays hurling with his local club Kilmallock and has been a member of the Limerick senior inter-county team since 2009.
He won an All-Ireland Minor Football Championship medal with Dublin in 1982.
Throughout his career Conneely made 16 championship appearances.
She is a member of the St Vincent's club.
He plays Gaelic football with his local club Dungloe and has been a member of the Donegal senior inter-county team.
Lowry subsequently joined the Offaly under-21 team, winning All-Ireland medals in 1971 and 1973.
He also lined out for Waterford in the minor and under-21 grades.
He made his senior debut during a tournament game in 1932.
He is a fluent Irish speaker and does match commentary work with TG4.
During that time Power won four All-Ireland medals and six Leinster medals.
He arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of thirteen when he first linked up with the Kilkenny minor team.
He went on to play a key role for Cork in attack during a successful era, and won two All-Ireland medals and four Munster medals.
Lacey's choice of shorts has been known to cause puzzlement among fans.
Paddy Campbell is a Gaelic footballer from Glenties.
He played Gaelic football with the Ballincollig club and with the Cork senior inter-county team.
David has worked as an analyst for Irish language television station TG4.
Michael Burke(Niglish) is an inter-county Gaelic football player for Meath.
Caoimhín King is a Gaelic footballer from Meath.
She won National League medals in 1984, 1986 and 1991.
Higgins first arrived on the inter-county scene when he first linked up with the Cork junior team.
Murt Kelly was an Irish former sportsperson.
He went on to play a key role for Cork as a goalkeeper during a successful era, and won one All-Ireland medal and two Munster medals.
His brother, Andrew Quinn, also played hurling with Clare.
During that time he won one All-Ireland medal and two Munster medals.
During a six-year tenure as Dublin manager Daly guided the team to their first provincial and national successes in over fifty years.
At club level Cooney enjoyed a lengthy career with Youghal.
He played midfield for the Clare team that made it to the All Ireland final in 2002 but lost out to Kilkenny.
At club level Canty won one championship medal with Bantry Blues.
He also won four Leinster medals and two National Football League medals.
Bennett has since become a regular member of the starting fifteen.
Receiving a GPA all star nomination in 2010.
McManus has represented the Ulster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions.
He made his senior debut during the 1991-92 National Hurling League.
He also plays for his home town club Portarlington where his position varies from midfield to defence.
Laois didn't win the Leinster Senior Football Championship again until 2003 when Mick O'Dwyer led them to victory.
O'Shea missed out on the 1997 loss.
Throughout his career Doyle made 39 championship appearances.
He received the RTÉ Sunday Game Man-of-the-Match award for his performance in the 1991 All-Ireland semi-final win against Galway.
John "Johnny" Creedon is an Irish former Gaelic footballer who played as a left corner-forward for the Cork senior team.
David Brennan is a Dublin-born Gaelic footballer who plays for Laois under the parentage rule.
An All-Ireland medallist in this grade, he later joined the under-21 side.
Throughout his inter-county career Jacob made 11 championship appearances.
James "Jim" Brophy was an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-back for the Galway senior team.
In retirement from playing, Johnston became involved in team management, coaching and refereeing.
In 2008 he was again part of the Cork team that lost to Kerry after a replay in a semi final.
Born in Togher, Cork, Cronin first played competitive football in his youth.
Young is regarded as Cork’s greatest-ever player.
He led the team to the 2012 All Ireland B title with a win over Roscommon in the final.
Kennedy made his senior debut during the 2014 National Hurling League and quickly became a regular member of the team.
Mickey Burke is an Irish former sportsperson.
At club level he won six championship medals with Carrickshock.
At club level he is a one-time championship medallist with Fenians while he also won a championship medal with Glenealy.
He has been an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
Grehan joined the team during the 1999 championship and was a regular member of the team until his retirement from inter-county hurling after four seasons.
He has been a selector under the management of Anthony Daly on the Dublin senior hurling team since 2008.
Cleary made his first appearance for the team during the 1981-82 National Hurling League and became a regular player over the course of the following decade.
Colm O'Neill is a former Irish sportsperson.
He played his club football for Raheny.
He left Cork City team Na Piarsaigh in 2001 and signed for Clare side Éire Óg.
Ken Coogan is an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder for the Kilkenny senior team.
O'Gorman also won four Railway Cup winners' medals with Munster.
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1984-85 National League.
He was chairman of the selection committee for eight All-Ireland victories for Tipperary between 1949 and 1965.
Bonnar's tenure as manager of the Wexford senior team last from 2008 until 2011 and ended without any success.
Mulcahy's father, Gerald Mulcahy, also played for Cork.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions.
Silke is widely regarded as one of Galway's greatest-ever hurlers.
Lynch made his first appearance for the team during the 1964 championship and became a regular player over the next few years.
He made his senior debut with Offaly during the 1981-82 National League, and played for just one season.
McKenna made his first appearance for the team during the 1929 championship and was a regular member of the starting for the next three seasons.
In retirement from playing Cullen became involved in team management and coaching.
McCarthy spent a number of years as sub-goalkeeper before beings witched to the forwards.
Murt Connolly is an Irish retired hurler who played as a midfielder for the Castlegar senior team.
He plays his club football and hurling with St Kiernan’s.
Born in Cloyne, County Cork, O'Sullivan first played competitive hurling whilst at school in Midleton CBS.
Fleeing south across the border into the Republic of Ireland, Rogers settled and married in County Wexford.
He made his senior debut during the 2014 league.
He has unnatural skill in either the half back line or the full back line.
Throughout his career Fitzpatrick made 23 championship appearances.
He played club football with Michael Davitt's Swatragh.
John Eddie Mullan was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played for Derry in the 1940s and 1950s.
In 1984 he was named in the left corner-forward position on the GAA's Team of the Century.
He played hurling with his local club Buffer's Alley and was a member of the Wexford senior hurling team.
Laois had no great hurling tradition and this was shown when Cork scored three goals.
His father, Pat, his uncles, Tom, Denis and Dan, and his brother, Eudie, all enjoyed All-Ireland success with Cork.
Harnedy's mother, Cathy Landers, was an All-Ireland-winning captain with the Cork camogie team, while his father, Seán Harnedy, played with the Waterford team.
Fergal Lynch is an Irish hurler who played as a left wing-forward for the Clare senior team.
Cottrell was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
Brian Hurley is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays as a full-forward for the Cork senior team.
After winning a host of divisional and county championship medals in all grades from under-12 to under-21, Cahalane joined the senior team in 1979.
In retirement from playing Henderson became involved in team management and coaching.
With Skellig Rangers he won a South Kerry Championship title in 2006, the club's first since 1968.
His father Tom Nolan was also a great hurling during the 1940s till the 1960s.
However, he has yet to claim any silverware.
Born in Limerick, Murphy first played competitive hurling in his youth.
He plays Gaelic football with his local club Naomh Conaill and has been a member of the Donegal senior inter-county team.
He is son of Barry and Annette, who run a fine beverage emporium on the banks of the river in Termonbarry.
Downing was a regular member of the panel for several years and won one Munster medal as a non-playing substitute.
Horgan also won six Munster medals and four National Hurling League medals.
He made his senior hurling debut in the 1993-94 National Hurling League.
Young played there in the National Football League and retained his place for the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship.
He was the Dublin hurling manager after taking over in October 2014.
In retirement from playing Doyle became involved in team management, coaching and refereeing.
In 2009, he played in the Championship victory over Galway at Markievicz Park and the defeat to Cork at Croke Park.
Connell won the Man of the Match award in the 2001 final.
Ronan O'Connor is a Gaelic footballer from County Kerry.
She has five Leinster championship ladies football medals with Dublin at various grades and two All-Ireland runners-up medals.
Born in Thurles, County Tipperary, Murphy first played competitive hurling whilst at school in Thurles CBS.
An effective dual player, Walsh enjoyed a successful playing career at club level with St. Catherine's and Kildorrery and at inter-county level with Cork.
Blake plays his club football with Milltown and was a former member of the Galway senior team.
Paddy Reilly is a former Gaelic footballer for Dublin.
Willie Ryan was an Irish hurler who played as a right wing-forward for the Limerick senior team.
At club level O'Brien is a dual All-Ireland medalist with St. Finbarr's.
Stephen Cluxton is an Irish Gaelic footballer.
He also plays association football as a striker for NIFL Premiership side Coleraine
Since then she has won seven All-Ireland titles.
William "Bill" Walsh was an Irish hurler who played as a left wing-back for the Kilkenny senior team.
After scoring 12-205, Fitzgerald is the all-time third highest scorer for Kerry.
Davis also won seven Munster medals and one National Football League medal.
His league and championship career with the Kerry senior team spanned six seasons from 1983 to 1988.
In 1975 he helped Sligo win the Connacht Senior Football Championship for the first time since 1928.
He played hurling with his local club Thomastown and was a member of the Kilkenny senior inter-county team in the 1970s and 1980s.
Hanley enjoyed a successful playing career at club level with Athenry at the height of their power throughout the nineties.
In retirement from playing, McInerney became involved in team management and coaching.
Sloane made his debut with the London senior team in 2011 and immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen.
He was part of the East Kerry team that won 3 County Championships in a row from 1997 to 1999.
In 2010 Padraic was the forwards coach to the Longford Minor team which won the Leinster championship.
Since then he has won five All-Ireland winner's medals as a non playing substitute and four Leinster winner's medals on the field of play.
At club level O'Donovan has won one championship medal with Clonlara.
In 2015 he led Roscommon to a second Nicky Rackard Cup title.
Kathleen ‘Kitty’ Buckley is a former camogie player, five time All Ireland senior medalist and captain of the All Ireland Camogie Championship winning team in 1941.
He had much success at club level also with Clann na nGael.
Born in Threecastles, County Kilkenny, Rochford first played competitive hurling and cricket in his youth.
Hayes was on the historic Galway team that won their first leinster title in 2012.
He plays hurling with his local club Loughmore-Castleiney and the Tipperary senior inter-county team.
Throughout his inter-county career, O'Keeffe made 7 championship appearances for Kerry.
Born in Borrisoleigh, County Tipperary, Stakelum was born into a family that had a strong association with hurling.
In retirement from playing Horan became involved in team management and coaching.
He was also Captain of the Conaught Railway Cup Winning Team of 1969 as well as being on the Galway Minor All-Ireland winning team of 1960.
Hugh Dolan is an Irish retired hurler who played as a midfielder for the Offaly senior team.
Michael "Mick" Moroney is an Irish former hurler who played as a midfielder for the Clare senior team.
He enjoyed one championship season with the minor team, however, he was an All-Ireland runner-up in 1970.
He served as a selector with the Tipperary under-21 team for a number of years, before being appointed manager in 2013.
John Minogue is an Irish hurling manager and former player.
He did not leave for Australia until the completion of the All-Ireland Minor Championship and the Tyrone Minor and Senior Championships.
In retirement from playing Dwane has become involved in team management and coaching.
He won a number of Longford Senior Football Championship titles with his club Clonguish during the 1960s and 1970s.
He made his Championship debut for Clare against Tipperary in the 2011 Munster Senior Hurling Championship on 19 July 2011, scoring two points.
Ryan also transformed the land around into a golf course, which was established in 1981.
He works as a vet in Skibbereen.
Brian Quinn is an Irish former hurler who played as a right corner-back for the Clare senior hurling team.
Michael Phelan is an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a right wing-back for the Tipperary senior team.
She played camogie with her local club Portglenone and with the Antrim senior inter-county team from 1958 until 1983.
Cathal Óg also holds Laois Minor Football Championship and Leinster Minor Football Championship medals as well as a number of Schools titles won with Portlaoise CBS.
Ryan went on to play a key role for the team, winning one All-Ireland medal, two Munster medals and one National Hurling League medal.
Walton's father, Tom, enjoyed All-Ireland success with Kilkenny in 1947.
As Dublin manager he revived the county team and steered them to three All-Ireland titles between 1974 and 1983.
Liam Burke is an Irish former hurler who played as a forward and midfield for the Galway senior team.
He played Gaelic football with his local club Kerins O'Rahilly's and was a member of the Kerry senior inter-county team between 1988 and 1995.
He made his first impression on the inter-county scene at the age of eighteen when he joined the Cork under-21 team.
He won a number of North Kerry Senior Football Championships with Moyvane.
Bryan Sheehan is an Irish Gaelic footballer with the St. Mary's Cahirciveen, South Kerry divisional side and Kerry county team.
Throughout his career Cleary made 21 championship appearances.
Breen played for St Martin's GAC, Desertmartin and Derry between 1950 and 1960.
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1973 championship.
His brothers, Pat and Ger, won a combined total of eight All-Ireland medals with Kilkenny.
In addition to this he also won one championship medal with the club.
In 1934 he was moved to the position he is most famous for playing in, full back.
He plays hurling with his club Oulart-the-Ballagh and was a member of the Wexford senior inter-county team from 2005 to 2013.
With the Naomh Fionnbarra club in Cabra, she has won an Intermediate championship title.
After retiring he managed Lispole, West Kerry, he managed the Kerry junior team to Munster and All Ireland Championships in 1983.
Carney also had the distinction of being the first player to score a goal from a penalty in an All-Ireland final.
Despite being from Dingle, County Kerry, Falvey won the all-Ireland Senior football championship as a Dublin player in 1942 in a final with Galway.
He enjoyed much success at club level with Laune Rangers winning a number of County, Munster and an All Ireland club title.
He has been repeatedly voted onto teams made up of the sport's greats, including at right corner-back on the Tipperary Hurling Team of the Century.
A provincial medallist in both grades, Farrell never made the step up to the senior grade with Cork.
During that time he enjoyed little success as Offaly were regarded as one of the minnows of provincial hurling.
He also lined out for Curragh Camp.
At club level Mulcahy won several championship medals with Glen Rovers.
Murphy immediately became a regular member of the team and won three All-Ireland medals, four Munster medals and one National Hurling League medal.
Throughout his career Brislane made 3 championship appearances.
Foley also won four Munster medals, one National Hurling League medal and was chosen as an All-Star in 1973.
In January 2012, Hughes called time on his inter-county career.
He started at Right Corner Forward and scored two points in the 2012 All Ireland Final where Mayo lost by 0-13 to 2-11 against Donegal.
Tony Leahy is a former Irish sportsperson.
At club level Hoyne was a seven-time county championship medallist with Tullaroan.
He usually plays in the half forward line.
In retirement from playing O'Sullivan became involved in team management and coaching.
Hassett captained Kerry to the All-Ireland title in 1997.
Peter McDermott had the unusual distinction of participation in five All-Ireland final matches in the four years between 1951 and 1954.
During that time he won five All-Ireland medals, six Munster medals and three National League medals.
He played hurling with his local club Dungourney and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team for one season in 1902.
He played hurling with his local club Redmonds and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team from 1900 until 1907.
He played Gaelic football with his local club Naomh Abán and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team in the 1960s.
He plays hurling with his local club Craughwell and has been a member of the Galway senior inter-county team since 2005.
Throughout his career Cooney made 35 championship appearances.
He is a current selector with the 2013 Dublin Senior Football Team.
He played with Sligo for 17 years from 1961 to 1978.
He made his senior debut with Offaly during the 1983-84 National League and immediately became a regular member of the team.
He managed the Dublin minor football team in 2011 and 2012.
He played Gaelic football with his local club Castlemitchell and was a member of the Kildare senior inter-county team from 1994 to 2003.
Kevin Jeremiah O'Sullivan is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer who played as a right wing-back for the Cork senior team.
He plays Gaelic football with his local club Naomh Conaill and has been a member of the Donegal senior inter-county team.
He played hurling with his local club Loughmore-Castleiney and was a member of the Tipperary senior inter-county team from 1981 until 1989.
The currently uncontested Connacht Senior Hurling Championship was named in his honour.
Durling his career he played in a number of Railway Cup campaigns with Munster but failed to win any titles with them.
Fionn Fitzgerald is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays as a left corner-back with the Kerry senior team.
Aoife Neary is a camogie player and works as a vascular physiologist in the south east.
John Duffy is a former Gaelic footballer.
McCormack began his club career with Aherlow.
Kevin Mussen was a Northern Irish sportsperson.
He plays his club football for Ballinderry Shamrocks.
During that time he won one All-Ireland medal, four Leinster medals and three National League medals.
After retiring from Gaelic football he was a leading greyhound trainer.
Patrick "Paddy" Stapleton is an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-back for the Tipperary senior team from 2006 until 2016.
He played as a right wing-back for the Kilkenny senior team.
Cillian O'Connor is a Gaelic footballer and captain for the Mayo senior team.
He is a hurler, Gaelic football and soccer player.
O'Sullivan joined the team as substitute goalkeeper during the 1963 championship, and took over as first-choice goalkeeper at the end of the decade.
He played hurling with his local club Redmonds and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team for one season in 1892.
During his inter-county career he won one All-Ireland medal and one Munster medal.
He has played right across the back line for Kerry.
Fiona Kavanagh is a camogie player, winner of All-Ireland Senior medals in 2010 and 2011,
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on three occasions.
He was played senior inter-county football for Galway between 2000 and 2011.
At club level Burke plays with the Mullinavat club.
During that time he won two National League winner's medals and three All-Star awards, however, championship honours eluded him during his career.
In April 2007, special plaques honouring three legendary Tuam GAA figures were unveiled at Tuam Stadium.
Hayes is regarded as one of Waterford's greatest-ever players.
James McCartan, Junior is a former Gaelic footballer and current manager.
He has been in fine form in 2006 particularly during the league campaign where he excelled at centre half back.
Blaney was also able to score himself.
James Stapleton was an Irish hurler who played as a forward for the Tipperary senior team.
She is also a prominent hockey player and has represented both Munster and Ireland.
He played hurling with his local club Redmonds and with the Cork senior inter-county team in the 1910s and 1920s.
At international level Huban has played for the composite rules shinty-hurling team at under-21 level, captaining his country to the title in 1996.
He joined the senior panel during the 1964–65 National League.
At club level Foley is a two-time county club championship medalist with Patrickswell.
He has one All-Ireland Senior Football Championship medal, won in 2005.
David played minor hurling with Tipp in 1993 and 1994.
He later joined the club's senior team and won an All-Ireland medal in 1988.
In retirement from playing Mansfield became involved in coaching and team management.
McGrath has also lined out for Dublin in both the minor and under-21 grades and has enjoyed some success.
His league and championship career with the Kerry senior team spanned seventeen years from 1974 to 1991.
At club level Beckett played his club hurling and football with a range of clubs including Sarsfield's, Glanmire, St. Finbarr's and UCC.
He arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of fourteen when he first linked up with the Tipperary minor team.
Bernard "Bernie" Gibbs was an Irish hurler who played as a left corner-forward for the Galway senior team.
In retirement from playing, Mackey became involved in team management and coaching.
McCarthy represented the Munster inter-provincial team at various times during his career, winning three Railway Cup medals.
At club level Kennedy played with Young Irelands.
Brian Cuthbert is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer.
He played hurling with his local club O'Loughlin Gaels and with both the Kilkenny and London senior inter-county team in the 1990s and 2000s.
At club level Monan is a one-time Ulster medallist with Ballygalget.
Cashman's father, Mick Cashman, his uncle, Jimmy Brohan, and his brother, Tom Cashman, all played for Cork.
At international level Kelly has played for the composite rules shinty-hurling team.
Kevin Martin is an Irish retired hurling manager and player.
Mulcahy later played with the Commercials club in Dublin and won five county senior championship medals.
Matt Ruth is an Irish former sportsperson.
He is the nephew of 1960s Longford footballer Brendan Barden.
A former member of the Arcadia Broncos lacrosse team, McNamara takes the aggressiveness of being a lacrosse defender to the pitch.
He won 3 All Star awards also.
Ryan also won two Munster medals and one National Hurling League medal.
At club level Sheedy won one intermediate championship medal with Portroe.
He is regarded as one of the greatest players of his generation.
His Grand- uncles, The Doyles of Mooncoin won a record of 19 All Ireland Senior hurling medals with Kilkenny A
He played football with the Kerry club and won New York Senior Football Championship medals in 1959, 1960, 1962–63, 1966–67.
He plays hurling with his local club Ballycastle and has been a member of the Antrim senior inter-county team since 2007.
At club level Rackard was a five-time county club championship medalist with Rathnure.
His nickname 'Gaillimh' comes from the name of Irish town Galway, in the Irish language.
He made his senior debut in the 1921 championship.
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1978 championship.
Richard "Richie" Kehoe is an Irish sportsperson.
Éamonn Fitzmaurice is an Irish Gaelic football manager and former player.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on four occasions.
He then won a Leinster Senior Club Football Championship, Dublin Division One AFL and the All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship.
Coogan joined the team during the 2003 championship and made just one appearance during his two seasons of inter-county hurling.
He retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 1973 championship.
Higgins was an All-Ireland runner-up on three occasions.
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1947 championship.
Lyons retired from club hurling at the age of thirty-eight following the Glen's failure to secure a fourth successive championship in 1961.
Throughout his career Higgins made 11 championship appearances.
On July 19, 2009 Galway faced Mayo which Galway were defeated by.
Born in Midleton, County Cork, Murphy first played competitive hurling in his youth.
He has also played the soccer for teams such as Buncrana Hearts and the Republic of Ireland Schoolboys.
His brother, Pat Tennyson, was also enjoyed an inter-county career with Kilkenny.
Walsh is the son of Ollie Walsh, regarded by many as one of the greatest hurling goalkeepers of all-time.
Boden won the game by 1-17 to 0-15 with Curtin scoring a total of 0-04.
He plays hurling with his local club Craobh Chiaráin and has been a member of the Dublin senior inter-county team since 2006.
James Healy is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer who played for the Tipperary senior team.
His final game for Dublin was in 1992 when Dublin were defeated by Donegal in the All-Ireland final in Croke Park.
O'Grady has played for Tipperary at minor, Under-21 & Intermediate level, winning a Munster Under-21 medal as a substitute in 1999.
On 8 November 2013, McManus won an All Star at corner-forward.
He enjoyed one championship season with the minor team, culminating with the winning of an All-Ireland medal in 1981.
He has served as a selector with the Galway senior team and is currently a selector with the Mullagh hurling team.
Ryan retired from inter-county football following the conclusion of the 2003 championship.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
He is the older brother of Donagh Maher, who also plays for Tipperary.
Tommy McGuigan is a Gaelic footballer for Tyrone, who made his Ulster Championship debut on 20 May 2007, against Fermanagh.
Horgan is widely regarded as one of the greatest and most popular club and county hurlers of his era.
In the final of that year, she scored a record six goals of Cork’s seven.
At club level Clancy has won several championship medals with Clonakilty.
Jack Ryan is an Irish retired hurler who played as a right corner-forward for the Tipperary senior team.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on four occasions.
James Conway is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for Derry, with whom he has won a National League title.
Joe Deane is an Irish hurler who played as a left corner-forward for the Cork senior team.
He plays Gaelic football with his local club Spa and the Kerry inter-county teams.
He plays his club football for John Mitchel's Glenullin and has won a Derry Senior Football Championship with the club.
Martin "Murty" Kennedy is an Irish retired hurler who played as a midfielder for the Kilkenny senior team.
Hartigan made his first appearance for the team during the 1964 championship and was a regular member of the starting for the next decade.
John Joe O'Reilly was a famous Gaelic footballer for the Cavan senior team.
Jacob's siblings- Christy, Robbie and Bridie - also played with distinction at all levels with Wexford.
Cummins joined the team during the 2000 championship and was a regular member of the team until his retirement from inter-county hurling after four seasons.
Lane went on to enjoy a brief career with Cork, and won one All-Ireland medal and one Munster medal as a non-playing substitute.
He started all three All-Ireland final's in the number fourteen position in the full forward line.
He is regarded as one of the greatest centre-backs of all time, in spite of spending much of playing career in his favoured position of midfield.
Even during his playing days Sheehy came to be recognised as one of the greatest players of all time.
He was only a panel member at minot and Under 21 level.
He is the nephew of 1960s Longford footballer Brendan Barden.
He was Kilmacud Crokes senior football manager.
Keith Harrington is a hurler who plays with Kerry, South Kerry and Kilgarvan.
He also played hurling with the St. Finbarr's club.
He won an All Ireland Minor Medal at Full Back in 1994 along with Under 21 Medals in 1995 & 1996.
At club level he is a two-time championship medallist with Round Towers.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on three occasions.
Paddy Johnston was an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder for the Kilkenny senior team.
In 1994 he was part of the county's memorable Connacht Senior Football Championship victory.
Cunningham is widely regarded as one of the greatest hurling goalkeepers in the history of the game.
He had much success, winning three Connacht Senior Football Championships and an All-Ireland Under-21 Football Championship in 1978.
An All-Ireland medal winner in this grade he later was an All-Ireland runner-up with the under-21 team.
Also in 2009 he won the All-Star Young Hurler of the Year award.
He played Gaelic football with his local club Cortoon Shamrocks and was a member of the Galway senior inter-county team in the 1970s and 1980s.
He was part of the panel that played in Tyrone's second ever All-Ireland Final in 1995, and has enjoyed immense success on the underage scene.
He finished his club career with Nemo Rangers.
Phil Shanahan was an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder for the Tipperary and Dublin senior teams.
A fluent Gaeilgeoir, he lives in the Gaeltacht area of Donegal.
In 2009 Cunningham was back as an inter-county manager with the Galway under-21 hurling team.
During that time he won one All-Ireland winner's medals and two Leinster winner's medals.
He made his senior debut in the 1997 championship.
He plays hurling with his local club Tara Rocks and has been a member of the Wexford senior inter-county team since 2011.
He helped Louth to win both Tommy Murphy Cup and National League Div 2 tiles in 2006.
When younger he also played soccer for Kerry in the Kennedy Cup.
His brother Tony was a two-time All-Ireland medallist with Cork.
During that time he won one All-Ireland medal and one Munster medal.
She also holds a Colleges Division 1 league medal from 2006.
He has ended up as an All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions.
Michael 'Mick' Neville was an Irish hurler who played as a full-forward for the Dublin and Limerick senior teams from 1913 until 1924.
Murphy went on to enjoy a brief career with Tipperary.
After little success in this grade he progressed onto the under-21 team, winning an All-Ireland medal in 1989.
He also won three Munster medals and three National Football League medals.
John Farrell is an Irish retired hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Tipperary senior team.
It was Ireland's salute to the greatest of them all.
John made his NFL debut for Dublin against Westmeath in the first round.
Cooney joined the Galway senior team during the 2012 championship.
He played Gaelic football with his local club Rhode and was a member of the Offaly senior inter-county team from 1971 until 1973.
O'Keeffe's father, Paddy, also played with Cork and won an All-Ireland medal in 1893.
David Young is an Irish hurler who currently plays since 2015 as a right wing-back for the Kildare senior team.
Regarded as one of the greatest players of all-time, Quigley was named as the Texaco Hurler of the Year in 1968.
Throughout his career Hanniffy made 45 championship appearances.
He also won a championship medal with the Thomas Davis club.
Keane's retirement came following the conclusion of the 1951 championship.
Johnny Sheehan is an Irish retired hurler who played as a midfielder for the Cork senior team.
Enright joined the senior panel during the 1986 championship.
Pat Delaney is a retired Irish hurling manager and former player.
Wall enjoyed a sporadic career with Tipperary and won one All-Ireland medal and one Munster medal.
Immediately after retiring from inter-county activity Martin became involved in team management.
Peter Murphy is an Irish former sportsperson.
As well being selector twice for his home club, Stockwell became president of Tuam Stars in 2006 remaining in the position before his death.
Neville made his first appearance for the Dublin team during the 1913 championship and became a regular player over much of the next decade.
In spite of enjoying little championship success, Wicklow secured the Tommy Murphy Cup in 2007.
Ger was previously a Dublin Minor Captain and has won one Leinster Minor Football Cup medal with Dublin in 2003.
Like Murphy, McBrearty has been a live target for Australian Football League recruitment.
In addition to this he has also won one Munster medal and one championship medal.
In 1998, McConnell played alongside Stephen O'Neill in the MacRory Cup semi-final for Omagh CBS.
Moloughney made his first appearance for the team during the 1959 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen for three full seasons.
Born in Finglas, County Dublin, Twomey played both hurling and Gaelic football with his local club, Erins Isle.
Byrne enjoyed a two-decade long career with Dicksboro, winning two county championship medals.
At club level Farrell won one championship medal with Watergrasshill in the junior grade.
It is presented to the winners of the Kerry Hurling Championship.
At club level Casey plays with Cahir
Since then Kearney has become a regular member of the team and has won one Munster medal.
During his playing days he won three Cú Chulainn awards, as well as being named Texaco Hurler of the Year in 1965.
Throughout his career Fenton made 31 championship appearances.
Throughout his career Considine made 8 championship appearances.
He played with Cork Minors in 1997.
Gus Harrington is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer who played as a right wing-back for the Cork senior football team.
As coach of the senior hurlers at Waterford Institute of Technology he guided the team to a remarkable four Fitzgibbon Cup titles in six years.
At club level he won one Munster medal and six championship medals with St. Finbarr's.
With University College Cork O'Connor won five consecutive Fitzgibbon Cup winners' medals.
Born in Sheestown, County Kilkenny, Cody was introduced to hurling by his father Brian senior the long-serving chairman of the local club team.
Between them, the three Grace brothers won a total of 15 All-Ireland medals.
Following Waterford's exit from the 1966 championship, Power retired from inter-county hurling.
He was manager the Roscommon team in the early '90s.
He has also won one intermediate championship medal in Clare.
At club level Moore was a one-time county championship medalist with Midleton.
During that time he won one All-Ireland medal on the field of play and two Munster medals as a non-playing substitute.
A Leinster medal winners in this grade, he later won a Leinster medal with the under-21 team.
He was the goalkeeper on the Dublin Senior Hurling team that was beaten by Tipperary in the 1961 All-Ireland Hurling Final.
An All-Ireland medal winner in the intermediate grade with Clara, Prendergast has also won two championship medals at senior level.
He played both hurling and Gaelic football at inter-county minor and under-21 levels, and joined the Cork senior team in 2001.
Since then he has helped steer the team to one All-Ireland title and four successive Munster titles.
McGuinness made his championship debut in June 2007 during the Leinster Quarter-final replay against Dublin as a sub.
He plays hurling with his local club Castletown and has been a member of the Laois senior inter-county team since 2011.
McGill joined the senior team during the 2006 Christy Ring Cup.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
Costello won an All-Ireland Minor Football Championship in 2012, then an All-Ireland Under 21 Football Championship in May 2014.
During that time he won two All-Ireland medals and three Munster medals.
During that time he won one All-Ireland medal.
Bradley plays his club football for John Mitchel's Glenullin and has won the Derry Senior Football Championship with the club.
Born in Kilfinane, County Limerick, Brazill first played competitive hurling in his youth.
He is a seven-time All-Ireland SFC winner.
She won a Senior All Ireland camogie final with Galway in 2013 & 2 Ashbourne College cups with the University of Limerick in 2005 & 2006.
On that occasion Sarsfields defeated Carnmore in the county final reply, where the final score was Sarsfields 1-14, Carnmore 1-5.
He plays Gaelic football with his local club Renard and Kerry before he immigrated to London.
Pa "Fowler" McInerney was an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper and full-back for the Clare and Dublin senior teams.
Johnston went on to play a brief role for Kilkenny and won one Leinster medal as a non-playing substitute.
A School teacher he served as Headmaster of Presentation Brothers , Dungannon the Iggy Jones Room', in O'Neill Park, Dungannon is also named in his honour.
Séamus Hennessy is an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder for the Tipperary senior team.
A versatile player, he began his career in midfield but played everywhere from corner back to corner-forward.
Mulryan immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen and won one Tommy Murphy Cup medal.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
Egan won two All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship medals and two Munster Senior Hurling Championship.
He has also won Minor and Intermediate medals with Ballybay Pearses.
He was first selected for the senior squad in 2003.
Daithí Cooney is an Irish retired hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Cork senior team.
Henderson also served as an analyst on the Sunday Game.
Immediately after retiring from inter-county activity Cahill became involved in team management.
His mid-field partnership with Philly Grimes is reckoned to be one of the greatest of all time.
Darragh Ó Sé is an Irish former Gaelic footballer.
He retired from inter-county hurling in June 2006.
O'Meara was denied an All-Ireland winners' medal in 2001 having been ruled out of the final for receiving a red card in the semi-final.
He was a member of the Tipperary senior inter-county hurling team from 1951 to 1961.
At club level Finn was a one-time championship medallist with St. Finbarr's.
In retirement from playing Dunne became involved in team management and coaching.
He plays hurling with his local club Oulart the Ballagh and has been a member of the Wexford senior inter-county team since 2011.
He played hurling with his local club Kinnitty and with the Offaly senior inter-county team in the 1970s and 1980s.
Born near Blackpool in Cork, Lyons first played competitive hurling during his schooling at the North Monastery.
He plays hurling with his local club Adare and was a member of the Limerick senior inter-county team from 2003 until 2009.
Paul Finn is an Irish retired sportsperson.
Collins has since gone on to play a key role for Clare, and has won one All-Ireland medal.
At club level Fanning was a nine-time championship medallist with Mount Sion.
He was one of Roscommon's main forwards for many years helping them to win the 2001 Connacht Senior Football Championship.
He played hurling with his local club Rathnure and was a member of the Wexford senior inter-county team throughout the 1960s.
He was a regular for the Limerick senior hurling team during a successful period at the end of the 19th century.
He was a Senator from 1983 to 1987, upon being Nominated by the Taoiseach.
Brian O'Keeffe is an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-forward for the Cork senior team.
When he initially broke on to the Meath Team he usually played at midfield or centre forward.
He made his senior debut during the 1965 championship.
At club level he managed Sarsfields to back-to-back All-Ireland titles.
McGrath helped Sarsfields to win the clubs third senior county title in 1992.
He played Gaelic football with his local club Beaufort and was a member of the Kerry senior inter-county team in the 1936 and 1944.
As a member of the Leinster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, Coogan won one Railway Cup medal.
Doherty was selected as an All Star in 1993.
He is the son of Meath footballing legend Colm O'Rourke and a cousin of current Meath goalkeeper Paddy O'Rourke.
Kingston made his senior debut during the 1984-85 National Hurling League.
Greg Ramsbottom is a Gaelic football player from County Laois in Ireland.
On 15 October 2012, Howard was appointed manager of the Kerry senior hurling team.
In retirement from playing Culloty became involved in team management and coaching.
Born in Carrickshock, County Kilkenny, Rice first played competitive hurling during his schooling at St. Kieran's College.
Louise O'Hara is a camogie player, winner of an All Star award in 2006.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions.
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1988 championship.
He joined Cork side Ballygarvan in 2009 but returned to An Ghaeltacht after only one year with the Cork side.
Christopher "Christy" Connery is an Irish former hurler who played as a right corner-back for the Cork senior team.
Harte plays his club football with Errigal Ciarán and has won two Tyrone Senior Football Championships and the Ulster Senior Football Championship with them.
Murphy returned as Sarsfields manager in 2008 and guided the club to their first championship title in 51 years.
He spent two years as manager of the Waterford under-21 team, Hartley later took charge of the Ballygunner senior team.
Walsh also hurled at international level for Ireland.
He joined the senior panel during the 2011 championship.
Throughout his career Crowley made 29 championship appearances.
Thomas "Tom" Morrissey is an Irish hurler who plays as a right corner-forward for the Limerick senior team.
He played hurling with his local club Monageer and was a member of the Wexford senior inter-county team in the 1970s and 1980s.
Since then O'Driscoll has become a regular member of the starting fifteen.
He played hurling with his local club Carrick Davins and with the Tipperary senior inter-county team from 1968 until 1975.
He won his first All-Ireland medal in 1890.
He played Gaelic football with his local club Ballingeary and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team in the 1980s and 1990s.
Horgan made his debut on the inter-county scene at the age of sixteen when he was picked on the Cork minor panel.
He won an All Ireland Minor medal with Dublin in goals in 1982 and a senior medal in 1983.
Paul Doherty was an inter-county goalkeeper for Galway.
Niblock started his club career with O'Donovan Rossa Magherafelt.
At club level Hanrahan plays with Douglas.
Throughout his career Brennan made 22 championship appearances.
Philip Jordan is a Gaelic footballer and former member of the Tyrone panel.
Rory O'Carroll is a footballer and hurler with Dublin and Kilmacud Crokes.
Kevin O'Connor was an Irish hurler who played as a right wing-forward for the Waterford senior team.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, Donnellan has yet to win a Railway Cup medal.
Kelly retired from inter-county hurling after the 1913 championship.
Ryan joined the team during the 1947 championship and was a regular member of the extended panel until his retirement after the 1953 championship.
His league and championship career with the Dublin senior team spanned thirteen seasons from 1979 to 1992.
At club level Ryng was a four-time county club championship runner-up with Carrigtwohill.
He is also the all-time top scorer in the Munster Championship.
He played hurling with his local clubs Borris-Ileigh and Faughs and was a member of the Dublin senior inter-county team from 1944 until 1957.
His championship career with the Tipperary senior team spanned seventeen years from 1906 until 1923.
He had five sons Todd, Cyril, Kieran, Pascal and Dominick all served Crotta and Kerry with admirable distinction with Todd, who also played with Munster.
Son's Lorcan and Fintan represented their county with pride in hurling and football.
Patrick "Pa" Bourke is an Irish sportsperson.
At club level Murphy has won a set of Munster and championship medals with Bride Rovers in the intermediate grade.
McCaffrey worked outside the University of Dublin as a director of Exwell medicine.
He also played underage football but again had little success.
At club level O'Donovan was a ten-time county club championship medalist with Glen Rovers.
He played Gaelic football with his local clubs Millstreet and Austin Stacks and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team from 1969 until 1977.
Mick Lawlor is a Gaelic footballer from County Laois.
He retired from inter-county football following the conclusion of the 1987 championship.
Throughout his career Farrell made 1 championship appearance for Tipperary.
Micheál O'Brien was an Irish Gaelic footballer and hurler who played for the Meath senior team.
In retirement from playing Sheedy became involved in team management and coaching.
Michael Cleary is a former Irish sportsperson.
He plays Gaelic football with his local club Newtown Blues and has been a member of the Louth senior inter-county team since 2006.
He plays his club football for Allenwood.
He was captain of the 1936 winning football team.
Enright joined the senior panel during the 1988 championship while he also played with the Tipperary junior hurling team.
Quaid made his senior debut during the 2010 league.
Throughout his career Doyle made 54 championship appearances, a Tipperary record which stood until 9 August 2009 when it was surpassed by Brendan Cummins.
He was part of the first Derry side to win the National Football League.
He played hurling with his local club South Liberties and with the Limerick senior inter-county team from 1971 until 1985.
Before being appointed as the manager of Dublin, McCaul had been the player/manager of Dublin club Ballymun Kickhams.
Brian is originally from the North Tipperary village of Puckane but moved to Waterford in 1996 and started to play for Mount Sion GAA.
He announced his retirement from inter-county hurling on 13 May 2009.
His brother, Damien Fogarty, is also an All-Ireland medallist with Kilkenny while his father, Martin Fogarty, is an All-Ireland-winning selector under Brian Cody.
He made his senior debut during the 1965 championship.
Seán O'Kennedy was an Irish dual player.
(Charles) Charlie Redmond is a Dublin-born former Gaelic footballer for Dublin and current manager of Trinity Gaels seniors.
in 1979 he was awarded the Hall of Fame.
Eoin Brislane is an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder for the Tipperary and Meath senior teams.
Hickey subsequently became a regular member of the starting fifteen and won one Tommy Murphy Cup medal.
Mick Higgins was an Irish sportsperson who played Gaelic football for Cavan, winning three All-Ireland medals during his career.
He made his senior debut in the 1982 championship.
Born in Bunclody, County Wexford, Morris first played competitive hurling during his schooling at FCJ Bunclody.
John Keane was an Irish hurler who played as a centre-back for the Waterford senior team.
Hassett captained Kerry to the National Football League & Munster Championships in 1997, missing out on the All-Ireland final that Kerry won.
Michael ‘Boxer’ Slattery is a hurler from Co Kerry.
Since then Boden have won 4 titles in a row.
Throughout his career Naughton made 36 championship appearances for Cork.
In addition to this he has also won seven county club championship medals.
However, he started for Cork against Limerick in 2006.
Born in Blackrock, Cork, Cashman first played competitive hurling during his schooling at Coláiste Chríost Rí.
Daniel "Dan" Shanahan is an Irish hurling selector and former player.
He played hurling with his local club Graigue-Ballycallan and was a member of the Kilkenny senior inter-county team in the 1950s.
An unsuccessful year with the Cork junior hurlers followed before he made his senior debut during the 1939-40 league.
Pascal McConnell is an All-Ireland-winning former Gaelic footballer for Tyrone, who last competed with John Devine and Niall Morgan to be first choice goalkeeper for Tyrone.
During his playing days, and in spite of a lack of championship success, he won one All-Star award.
Born in Glenmore, County Kilkenny, Aylward first played competitive hurling during his schooling at Good Counsel College.
Cunniffe later became one of the "well-known names on the New York side" that competes in the Connacht Senior Football Championship, according to the Irish Independent.
An Ulster medal winner in this grade, he later won an Ulster medal with the under-21 team.
During that time he won one All-Ireland winner's medal, three Leinster winner's medals and one National League winners' medal.
Browne subsequently became a regular member of the starting fifteen and won one All-Ireland medal.
He played Gaelic football with his local club Knocknagoshel and was a member of the Kerry senior inter-county team in the 1930s and 1940s.
The All-Ireland-winning captain of 1984, he was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
He joined the senior panel during the 1970 championship and played for just one season.
As a member of the Leinster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions Henderson won one Railway Cup medal.
As a member of the Connacht inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, Cooney won four Railway Cup medal.
Patrick "Paddy" Moran is an Irish retired hurler who played as a midfielder for the Kilkenny senior team.
He retired from inter-county football following Kerry's failure to secure a fifth successive All-Ireland title in 1982.
As a Gaelic footballer Griffin is a one-time All-Ireland medallist with Finuge in the junior grade.
Anton O'Toole is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer.
Sands son Eoghan was part of the Down Minor Hurling team that won the Ulster Minor Hurling Championship and League in 2012.
Dick O’Hara is a retired Irish sportsperson.
At club level Dwyer was a one-time county club championship medalist with Thurles.
Brian Malone is the current captain of the Wexford senior football team.
Patricia ‘Pat’ Lenihan is a former camogie player, captain of the All Ireland Camogie Championship winning team in 1982.
McCormack immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen and won three Leinster medals.
He joined the senior panel during the 2002 championship.
In addition to this he has also won one Munster medal and one county club championship medal.
His brother, Dan Shanahan, also enjoyed a lengthy career with Waterford.
Hanley was appointed manager of the Westmeath senior hurling team in April 2011.
He won the Dublin Senior Football Championship in 2008 by beating St Oliver Plunketts/Eoghan Ruadh in Parnell Park scoring a goal in the process.
She played in the 2009 All Ireland camogie final.
Larry Reilly was a former Gaelic football player for Cavan.
McTague was inducted into the GAA Hall of Fame in 2013.
At club level he is a three-time championship medalist with Sarsfield's.
With Kilkenny Walsh won an All-Ireland title and three Leinster titles.
O'Keeffe made his first appearance for the team during the 2011 National League and has become a regular player over the last few seasons.
At club level Butler is a one-time All-Ireland medallist with Buffers Alley.
At club level, Gleeson played with Fedamore and Young Irelands and won four county championship winners' medals in a career that spanned three decades.
During that time he won one All-Ireland medal, three Munster medals and one National Hurling League medal.
David Flynn is a Gaelic footballer from Clonown in County Roscommon.
Coen went on to play a key role for Galway, and won one All-Ireland medal and one National Hurling League medal.
In 1996 he managed St Sylvester's, Malahide, to their first, and so far only, Dublin Senior Football Championship.
Buggy was an All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions.
McStay made his senior debut during the 1983 championship.
Paul Cartin is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for Derry, with whom he has won a National League title.
He won two Ulster Senior Football Championship medals with the county and also won an All Star award.
He coached St. Brogans College in Bandon to an All-Ireland success in 2004.
Nealon was an All-Ireland runner-up on three occasions.
Herbert was born in Castleconnell, County Limerick.
Neville made his first appearance for the team during the 1992 championship and became a regular member of the starting fifteen over the next few seasons.
Alan was named on the Dublin Blue Stars team for 2006.
Clare Hanrahan is a former camogie player, winner of the Cuchulainn award in 1965.
He retired from inter-county football following the conclusion of the 1993 championship.
Tohill also played for Ulster for many years, winning six?
Kieran Joyce is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a right wing-back for the Kilkenny senior team.
O'Reilly represented the Leinster inter-provincial team at various times throughout his career, winning two Railway Cup medals in 1932 and 1933.
He later joined the London senior team.
In retirement from playing Owens became involved in team management and coaching.
Under new manager Pat O'Shea, Geaney became a Kerry selector for 2007 and 2008.
Michael "Mick" Malone is an Irish retired hurler who played as a right wing-forward for the Cork senior team.
Flaherty won an All-Ireland winners' medal and two Munster winners' medals with Cork.
Patrick Joseph Lanigan was an Irish hurler who played as a left corner-back for the Kilkenny senior team.
At club level Dwane was a two-time championship medallist with Imokilly He also played with Aghada.
Jim Greene is an Irish retired hurler who played as a full-forward for the Waterford senior team.
The 2007 Dublin championship win qualified Ballyboden to play in their first ever Leinster Senior Club Hurling Championship game against Oulart the Ballagh GAA of Wexford.
He made his first impression on the inter-county scene when he was a member of the Galway senior hurling team for the 1923 championship.
Paddy Keenan is a Gaelic football player from County Louth, Ireland.
At club level Rice is a one-time Leinster medallist in the intermediate grade with Carrickshock.
Hartley retired for the second time on 10 January 2006.
Throughout his career O'Doherty made 25 championship appearances.
O'Donovan scored his first ever championship point coming from corner back to send the match to a replay which Clare won.
He plays for the Kildare senior inter-county football team and for his club St Laurence's.
Robert Lennon is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a right corner-back for the Kilkenny senior team.
Cunningham went on to play a key part for over a decade, and won four All-Ireland medals, eight Munster medals and two National Hurling League medals.
At club level Aherne was a multiple county championship medalist with Clonakilty.
He first arrived on the inter-county scene as a member of various Waterford teams at underage levels.
Nicholas "Nick" O'Donnell was an Irish hurler who played as a full-back for the Kilkenny and Wexford senior teams.
He played Gaelic football with his local club Daingean and was a member of the Offaly senior inter-county team from 1969 until 1980.
In retirement from playing O'Leary became involved in team management and coaching.
At club level Fitzgerald is a two-time championship medallist with Moyle Rovers
At club level Maher is a one-time Munster medallist with Thurles Sarsfields.
He plays Gaelic football with his local club Killarney Legion and has been a member of the Kerry senior inter-county team since 2012.
He announced his retirement from inter-county football in January 2011.
Terence "Sambo" McNaughton is an Irish retired hurler who played as a left wing-back for the Antrim senior team.
Connell still plays club football in the capital with Na Fianna and won a Dublin Senior League medal in 2012 beating St Sylvesters in the final.
Mark O'Leary is an Irish hurler who played as a right wing-forward for the Tipperary senior team.
He played hurling with his local club Carrigtwohill and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team for one season 1902.
Hyland made his first appearance for the team during the 2006 championship and immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen.
Dick Doherty was a famous Irish sportsperson.
O'Gorman won an All-Ireland title as a sub in 1965 and later collected two Munster titles with Tipperary in 1967 and 1968.
He has also won three championship medals.
Born in Carrickshock, County Kilkenny, Kelly first arrived on the inter-county scene when he first linked up with the Kilkenny senior team.
Frankie Walsh was an Irish hurler who played as a left wing-forward for the Waterford senior team.
No doubt his being based neither in Kerry nor in Dublin did not count in his favour as far as training was concerned.
He plays hurling with his local club Tallow and with the Waterford senior inter-county team.
He made his senior debut during the 1999 championship.
He plays as a half forward in hurling.
He made his senior debut in the 1946.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
Born in Abbeyleix, County Laois, McEvoy first played competitive hurling and Gaelic football in his youth.
At club level Bulfin plays with Mungret.
At club level Collins is a two-time All-Ireland medalist with Nemo Rangers.
He played hurling with his local club Mitchel's and with the Antrim senior inter-county team in the 1942 and 1954.
Curtin won his first Dublin Senior Hurling Championship medal with his club Ballyboden St Endas in October 2007.
Farrell was appointed manager of the Meath senior hurling team in October 2010.
Arlene Watkins is a camogie player and student.
At club level Coughlan was a multiple county club championship medalist with Blackrock.
Bergin has been a regular fixture on team since that initial appearance, and has won one National Hurling League medal.
At club level Cullinane was a one-time All-Ireland medalist with St. Finbarr's.
At club level Gardiner is a one-time county club championship medalist with Na Piarsaigh.
The public voted him onto the All-Time Derry Team via an online poll in 2007
Steven has represented Ireland in the hurling/shinty international tests against Scotland on four occasion winning all four.
Over the course of the next nine seasons, Coleman won one All-Ireland in 1973..
Carlin was also part of Tyrone's 2001 All-Ireland Minor Championship winning team.
Martin 'Marty' O'Reilly is an Irish Gaelic footballer.
During that time he won one All-Ireland medal, three Munster medals and three National League medals.
Sheedy went on to play a bit part for Tipperary over much of the next decade, and won one National Hurling League medal.
A former member of the Donegal inter-county football team, Cassidy was twice an All Star—in his maiden season and in his last.
Sligo were the next opponents and saw Down pick up their biggest championship win in a number of years with a huge 3-20 to 0-10 win.
Craig Dias is a current Gaelic football player with Kilmacud Crokes and Dublin.
He joined the senior panel during the 2006 championship.
He went on to win four Munster medals and one National Hurling League medal.
As trainer he guided the Dicksboro minor team to three successive championships.
Doherty has won the Derry Senior Football Championship 2/3?
His retirement came following Tipperary's defeat by Limerick in the 1973 championship.
David Farrell was Gaelic footballer from Camp, County Kerry.
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1974 championship.
Tommy Dowd is a former Gaelic footballer for the Meath in Ireland.
Hayes later served as a selector with the Cork under-21 team.
Marnell was a regular member of the team over the next few years.
Fitzgerald later became a regular member of the starting fifteen and won two All-Ireland medals and two Munster medals.
He managed the Armagh senior football team from 2009 top 2012.
Cathal Casey is an Irish retired hurler who played as a right wing-back for the Cork senior team.
Ciaran Barr is a former Irish sportsperson.
At club level he has served as manager of the Sarsfield's and Bandon hurling teams.
He ended up as an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
Clarke's brother, Joe, also plays with Westmeath.
O'Rourke is the nephew of former Skryne and Meath player Colm O'Rourke and first cousin to current Meath player Shane O'Rourke.
Graham O'Connell is an Irish Gaelic footballer.
He made his senior debut during the 1926 championship.
In retirement from playing, Cullinane became involved in team management and coaching.
He won a Kildare Senior Football Championship medal with Round Towers in 2003.
An All-Ireland medalist in the under-21 grade, he failed to claim any honours at senior level.
Dan has won 2 down championship in 2010 & 2011 .
He made his senior debut during the 1971 championship.
Quigley is regarded as one of the greatest players never to have won an All-Ireland medal.
After retiring from inter-county football in January 2013, Cleary later reversed her decision.
His announced his retirement from inter-county hurling on 1 December 2010.
Bulfin joined the team during the 2003 National League and was second choice goalkeeper until he left the panel after the 2009 championship.
Ger Brennan is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for Dublin and St Vincents.
In 2015 he won the National Football League and the Leinster Senior Football Championship with Dublin, starting both games in midfield.
John "Jack" Young was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a midfielder for the Cork senior team.
During his playing days he won two All-Star awards.
During that time he won one All-Ireland medal, one Munster medal and two National League medals.
At club level he was a five-time championship medallist with Carrickshock.
Paddy "Fox" Collins was an Irish hurler who played as a left corner-back for the Cork senior team.
He made his senior debut during the 1979 championship.
Connie "Sonny" Buckley was an Irish hurler who played as a centre-forward for the Cork senior team.
He played hurling with his local club Bennettsbridge and was a member of the Warwickshire and Kilkenny senior inter-county teams in the 1960s and 1970s.
He was the first man to be sent off in an FA Cup Final.
In 2009, he was in the team that was runners-up in the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship.
During that time he won five Railway Cup medals.
This was Dublin's last appearance in an All-Ireland Senior Hurling Final.
Bernie made his senior debut during the 1968 championship.
Edward "Eddie" Byrne was an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder for the Dublin and Kilkenny senior teams.
At club level he first lined out as a minor with Ardnaree before later joining the senior team.
Semple joined the panel during the 1897 championship and eventually became a regular member of the starting seventeen until his retirement after the 1909 championship.
Club: Naomh Adhamhnáin , Kavanagh lives in Letterkenny
He retired from inter-county football in 2013.
He played Gaelic football with his local club John Mitchels and was a member of the Kerry senior inter-county team from 1964 until 1969.
As a manager, he led Mayo to two All-Ireland finals with a return of two defeats: in 2012 by Donegal and in 2013 by Dublin.
At club level Walsh is a Leinster medalist at junior level with the Tullogher-Rosbercon club.
At club level Russell enjoyed a lengthy career with Geraldine O'Hanrahan's.
He made a handful of National League appearances with the Kerry senior team in 2000.
As a member of the Leinster inter-provincial team on a umber of occasions, Rochford won three Railway Shield medals.
He arrived on the inter-county scene when he first linked up with the Galway minor team, before later joining the junior side.
Jimmy Kerrigan is a former Irish sportsperson.
He plays club football for his local club The Heath and previously played for Laois.
He made his senior debut during the 1976 championship.
He retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 2005 league.
Walsh's grandfather, Paddy Grace, as well as his brother, Pádraig, have also enjoyed All-Ireland success with Kilkenny.
Throughout his career Moran made 44 championship appearances, making one of Limerick's most "capped" player of all-time.
He played hurling with his local club Mount Sion and was a member of the Waterford senior inter-county team in the 1960s.
He also won an All Stars Award for his performances in the 2003 Championship.
Michael Conneely is an Irish retired hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Galway senior team.
He continued to play, and won another All-Ireland that year and the following.
Among other accolades, he has one All-Ireland Senior Football Championship, three Ulster Senior Football Championships and one National Football League.
Damian Barton is a former Irish Gaelic footballer who played for Derry in the 1980s and 1990s.
An All-Ireland title eluded the team and Ryan stepped down as manager after two years in September 2012.
Michaela Morkan is a camogie player and student.
An All-Ireland medallist with the hurling team at the end of his career, O'Malley made his senior football debut during the 1947-48 league.
Ryan has since gone on to play a key part for Clare, winning one National Hurling League medal.
Tony McTague is an Irish former sportsperson.
Spring first became prominent neither as a politician nor as a trade unionist, but as a Gaelic football player.
At club level Condon plays with Knockaderry.
He made his senior debut during the 1904 championship.
At club level Byrne enjoyed a lengthy career with Geraldine O'Hanrahan's.
Nolan arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of seventeen when he first linked up with the Wexford minor team.
He progressed from juvenile and underage levels to the senior team and won a county senior championship medal in 1960.
Michael Herron is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a centre-back and vice-captain of the Antrim senior team.
Ryan has an illustrious ancestry in the Gaelic Athletic Association as his father, Jack Ryan, won an All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship medal with Tipperary in 1971.
Pat Dwyer is an Irish sportsman who had a successful career as a hurler with Kilkenny and his local club Carrickshock in the 1990s.
Scannell subsequently joined the Cork under-21 team, an All-Ireland medal in 1970.
He played hurling with his local club Kilmaley and with the Clare senior inter-county team from 1995 until 2002.
At club level he won three championship medal with Holycross-Ballycahill.
He has won one All-Ireland winners' medal, three Munster winners' medals and one National League winners' medal.
During that time he won two All-Ireland medals, four Munster medals and three All-Star awards.
McCormack's retirement came following the conclusion of the 1971 championship.
Jeremiah "Jer" Doheny was an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-forward for the Kilkenny senior team.
Flood went on to win three All-Ireland medals, six Leinster medals and two National Hurling League medals.
In retirement from playing Murphy became involved in team management and coaching.
Born in Cork city, Curran excelled as a dual player in school.
Liam Boyle was a hurler who played with Ballyduff.
He played his club hurling with the Young Irelands GAA Young Irelands Club in Gowran and enjoyed much success.
O'Dwyer made his debut on the inter-county scene at the age of seventeen when he first linked up with the Kerry minor team.
At club level Greene enjoyed a successful career with Mount Sion, winning a Munster club winners' medal and eight county club championship winners' medals.
That same year Kavanagh was chosen on the Leinster team of the past twenty-five years.
He was elected to Clare County Council as a Fianna Fáil member in 1974 and was re-elected in 1979.
His father is Brian, his mother is Eileen, and his two sisters are Roisin and Eimear.
He played in the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship in 1905, 1911, 1912, 1913.
Throughout his career McInerney made a combined total of 26 championship appearances for Clare and Galway.
Storey's daughter, Ciara, is also an All-Ireland medalist with Wexford.
Eoin Reid is currently starring with his club after being cut from the Kilkenny senior panel after the 2010 League.
Over the next five years he won All-Ireland medals in 1962 and 1965.
Ó hAilpín's three-year career with the Cork senior football team saw him win one Munster medal and one National Football League medal.
He won an All Ireland Medal with Kerry in 2000.
Harry Goldsborough is an Irish retired hurler who played as a midfielder for the Tipperary senior team.
He was on the Kilkenny All-Ireland Senior winning side in 2000 and was awarded an All-Star during the same year.
Michael Connolly is an Irish former sportsperson.
He also played in the 2011 All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship final but lost out to Crossmaglen Rangers.
He made his senior debut during the 1964 championship.
At club level Cleere played with the Bennesttsbridge club, winning six county club championship medals.
O'Connell made his debut on the inter-county scene at the age of eighteen when he was selected for the Kerry minor team.
Tomás 'Mossy' Quinn is an Irish All-Ireland winning Gaelic footballer from Dublin.
A former goalkeeper until the age of 23, his remarkable pace soon saw him transformed into one of the most feared forwards in Dublin.
He plays hurling with the Laois senior inter-county hurling team.
Tim Murphy is a former Irish hurling manager and former player.
Nephew of Martin and born in Ballyhale, County Kilkenny, Holden first played competitive hurling during his tenure at Scoil Aireagail.
He made his senior debut during the 2010 championship.
He also played for Knockmore, his home team, and won five Championship medals.
He plays Gaelic football at midfield with his local club Ardara and has been a member of the Donegal senior inter-county team.
He made his senior debut during the 1964-65 league.
At club level he played with Mullagh in Galway and Lorrha in Tipperary.
Even as a player, Fitzgerald became involved in team management and coaching at club level.
The winner of the Young Player of the Year award of 2009, she played in the 2009 All Ireland camogie final.
O'Sullivan was captain of the Limerick senior hurling team for 2010.
He joined the senior panel during the 1997 championship.
He was named the Captain of the Wexford team for the 2006 hurling championship.
He retired from inter-county hurling folloiwng the conclusion of the 2002 championship.
During that time he won two All-Ireland medals and three Munster medals.
Over the course of a fifteen-year inter-county career he won All-Ireland medals in 1918 and 1921, as well as three Munster medals.
O'Donoghue has decided to give his club, Mullingar Shamrocks, one final season.
Maher made his debut on the inter-county scene at the age of sixteen when he was selected for the Tipperary minor team.
He played with the Kildare intercounty team for almost 20 years with whom he won two Leinster Senior Football Championship medals, in 1998 and 2000.
He arrived on the inter-county scene when he first linked up with the Cork junior team.
At club level Quirke is a one-time championship medallist with Midleton.
Before going to New York, Hennessy also played with Kerry and won a Munster Junior Hurling Championship title in 1955 with them.
Throughout his career O'Callaghan made just one championship appearance.
Hayes is widely regarded as one of Galway's greatest-ever club and inter-county hurlers.
Barry Brennan is a Gaelic footballer from County Laois.
He is the inaugural member of the "Copper Face Jacks" Hall of fame.
Jim Brosnan was a Gaelic footballer, manager and administrator from Co. Kerry.
Won an All-Ireland medal with Mercy College and three and a Colleges All Stars while playing for U.L.
John P. "Johnny" O'Connor was an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder for the Waterford senior team.
An All-Ireland winning captain in the minor grade, he failed to win any honours at senior level.
She played in the 2009 All Ireland camogie final.
Ned Wade was an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder and as a centre-forward for the Tipperary and Dublin senior teams.
He is married to Caitriona since 2006.
Ryan confirmed in January 2017 that he was taking an extended break from inter-county hurling and would miss the 2017 Season.
Maher simultaneously became a member of the Borris-Ileigh senior team, winning North Tipperary championship medals in 2005 and 2007.
Jack Mangan was an Irish former Gaelic footballer who played as a goalkeeper for the Galway senior team.
In addition to this he also won one championship medal.
He played hurling with his local club Midleton and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team from 1958 until 1967.
Frankie Dolan is a Gaelic footballer from County Roscommon, Ireland.
A county junior championship medal with Cloyne followed, however, a dispute with club officials saw Ring join Glen Rovers in Blackpool in 1941.
He made his senior debut during the 1995 championship.
He is the younger brother of treble All Star-winner Tyrone player, Sean.
He is currently a respected media pundit with a regular column in the sports section of the Irish edition of The Sunday Times.
In the 2006 All-Ireland championship, this feat was repeated when Dublin swept aside Westmeath to once retain their Liam McCarthy Cup status.
As a member of the club's senior team he won four county senior championship medals.
At club level he won thirteen championship medals with Ahane.
He plays for his local club Tourlestrane and, though he also played for the Sligo senior inter county football team, where he was a long-serving talisman.
O'Connor is regarded as one of Wexford's greatest-ever players.
He also won a National League medal in 1959.
He played hurling with his local club Mount Sion and was a member of the Waterford senior inter-county team in the 1950s and 1960s.
He enjoyed great success winning a senior county title in hurling in 1960 and three senior titles in football in 1958, 1959 and 1960.
Conor Gorman is a Gaelic footballer from County Laois.
He played for Corofin and was a member of the Clare senior inter-county team since 2000.
Liam Hodgins is a three-time captain of the Galway senior hurling team.
Dave Clarke is a retired Irish sportsperson.
Eamon Morrissey is a retired Irish sportsperson.
Culloty returned to the team as they ran out 2-13 to 2-11 winners.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team O'Sullivan has won one Railway Cup medal.
In 2011 he helped Longford to win Div 4 of the National Football League.
She plays Ladies' Gaelic football with her local club, Naomh Mearnóg, and has been a member of the Dublin ladies senior inter-county team since 2002.
He retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 1914 championship.
Martin McHugh is a former Gaelic footballer, manager and media personality.
Patrick "Patsy" Foley is an Irish retired hurler who played as a left corner-forward for the Kilkenny senior team.
He then moved on to the Under 21 team, he played in 2006 & 07 but had little success.
Born in Ballyvourney, County Cork, Healy was introduced to Gaelic football at a young age.
Purcell won a set of All-Ireland and Munster winners' medals at senior level with Tipperary in 1945.
O'Brien went on to play a key role for the team over the next decade, and won two All-Ireland medals and three Munster medals.
As a member of the Leinster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, he has won three Railway Cup medals.
Seán Meade is an Irish former sportsperson.
Gabriel Bradley is a former Gaelic footballer from Glenullin, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.
Bealin famously guided Ballyboden St Endas to their first and only Dublin SFC title in 1995 as player-manager.
He joined the senior panel during the 1997 championship.
Philip "Philly" McMahon is a Gaelic footballer for Dublin and Ballymun Kickhams.
Danny is also the grandfather of professional wrestler Big Damo
Throughout his career Coughlan played just five championship games for Cork.
In football, he won a Tommy Murphy Cup in 2008.
Colm Doran is a retired Irish sportsperson.
He made his senior debut in the 2012 National Hurling League.
For his father, the Dublin footballer active in the 1970s, see Bernard Brogan.
He played Gaelic football with his local club Killeigh and was a member of the Offaly senior inter-county team from 1968 until 1976.
In the semi final Kildare beat O' Dwyers native Kerry.
Throughout his career Daly made 26 championship appearances.
Byrne was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, O'Connell won one Railway Cup medal.
His younger brother, Denis, followed him onto the Cork football team.
He was in goal when Tipperary won the National Hurling League in 1994.
Doyle was born in Castlebridge, County Wexford to the former Hannagh Lacy and Patrick Doyle.
Greg Lally is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a midfielder for the Galway senior team.
She was also an All-Star nominee in 2010.
In addition to this he has also won one championship medal in the same grade.
His league and championship career with the Meath senior team spanned sixteen seasons from 1974 to 1990.
McGrath won an All-Ireland title with Tipperary as a non-playing sub in 1989.
During his inter-county career he won one All-Ireland medal and two Munster medals.
He won a senior All-Ireland winners' medal as a non-playing substitute.
With Tyrone McAnallen won the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship in 2003, and twice won both the Ulster Senior Football Championship and National League titles.
In addition to this he has also won six Leinster medals and eleven county club championship medals.
His league and championship career with the Tipperary senior team spanned fifteen seasons from 1951 to 1966.
He plays Gaelic football with his local club Naomh Abán and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team from 1999 to 2011.
He also played for his province Leinster, winning three Railway Cup medals in 1955, 1959 and 1961.
At club level Darcy played with Nenagh Éire Óg.
He is one of the attack-minded defenders on the Tyrone panel, such as Ryan McMenamin.
At club level Lanigan was a nine-time county club championship medalist with Thurles Sarsfields.
At club level Hayden captained his native Bornacoola to the Leitrim Senior Football Championship and league double in 1957.
At club level Moylan was a three-time All-Ireland medalist with Blackrock.
He made his senior debut in the 1946 championship.
Raymond "Raymie" Ryan is an Irish retired hurler who played as a right wing-back for the Tipperary senior team.
During that time he won one Munster winners' medal and one National Hurling League winners' medal.
At club level he won a Louth Senior Football Championship in 2008 & 2013 with Newtown Blues.
Lining out at full forward, his ability to finish the chances created by Purcell brought considerable success to Galway in their overall consistency during the 1950s.
An All-Ireland medalist in the minor grade, he won two All-Ireland winners' medals as a non-playing substitute.
Mahon joined the team during the 2005 championship and was a regular member of the team for six seasons.
Her senior debut was in 2001. .
His cousin, Paddy "Hands" O'Brien was also an All-Ireland medallist with Meath.
Áine Lyng is a camogie player and sport science student.
After serving as coach of the Cork minor and senior teams he guided club side St. Finbarr's to championship success.
He is a three-time All-Ireland Senior Football Championship winner and All Stars Award winner in 2003, 2005 and 2008.
He is noted as a skilful forward and a fine long-range freetaker.
He won one All-Ireland winners' medal, two Leinster winners' medals and one National League winners' medal.
Born in Newmarket-on-Fergus, County Clare, Ryan first played competitive hurling whilst at school in St. Flannan's College.
Dónal O'Grady is an Irish former hurler and manager.
Throughout his career McCarthy made 47 championship appearances for Cork.
He plays hurling with his local club Loughrea and has been a member of the Galway senior inter-county team since 2011.
Stanley captained Kildare to the All-Ireland title in 1919.
Rackard played competitive hurling as a boarder at St. Kieran's College in Kilkenny.
Paul Greville is a dual player from County Westmeath.
John "Jack" Lehane was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a forward for the Cork senior team.
Mikey Lee is an Irish hurler who plays as a centre-forward for the Wicklow senior team.
His retirement came following Cork's defeat by Waterford in the 1938 championship.
He won the Texaco Footballer of the Year in 1982 after Offaly's All Ireland win.
McGrath was appointed Tipperary Senior hurling captain for the 2013 season.
Mansfield played for Waterford during the 1960s, however, he enjoyed little success during his inter-county career.
In September 2013, it was announced that Ó Sé would become a coach to the UCC Fresher Football team for the 2013–14 season.
Bernard Deay is an Irish hurler who plays as a left wing-forward for the Kildare senior team.
During that time, he failed to secure either All-Ireland or Leinster winners' medals.
Colm McCullagh is a former Gaelic footballer for County Tyrone who was a member of the 2005 All-Ireland winning panel.
In addition to this he also won six Leinster medals and eight championship medals.
Born in Abbeyside, County Waterford, Enright first arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of twenty-two when he first linked up with the senior team.
O'Keeffe was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
In 2014 he was appointed manager of the Cork under-16 hurling team.
He returned to the panel in May 2015.
He plays hurling with his local club J.K. Bracken's GAC.
She was nominated for an All Star award in 2005.
He made his senior debut during the 1903 championship.
He retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 2002 championship.
He was described as a 'star' and a 'teen sensation' for Kerry when he won an All Ireland minor medal in 1994.
He later won a second hurling championship with St. Finbarr's.
Treacy went on to play a semi-regular part for Kilkenny over the next few years, and won one All-Ireland medal and two Leinster medals.
He plays his club football for Portlaoise and was also a member of the Laois senior team.
She was the first player from the Naomh Mearnóg club to receive such an award.
Throughout his career O'Sullivan made 48 championship appearances for Cork.
He played hurling with his local club Young Irelands and with the Limerick senior inter-county team from the 1910s until the 1930s.
He also won numerous championship medals with the club.
Paddy McCormack is an Irish retired sportsperson.
Monaghan retired from inter-county football after the 1978 championship, while a knee ligament injury brought his club football career to an end in 1984.
He has won one Leinster winners' medal, two National Hurling League winners' medals and one Vodafone Young Hurler of the Year award.
He retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 1993 championship.
Born in Cahernashelleeney, Claregalway, County Galway, Cullinane first played competitive hurling whilst at school at St. Mary's College.
At club level Power plays with Carrickshock.
During that time he won one All-Ireland medal and two Munster medals.
Maher has also been selected on several Munster inter-provincial teams.
He was a selector with the Kilkenny under-21 team that won the All-Ireland title in 1999.
At club level Phelan is a one-time county club championship medalist with Glenmore.
Tomás Ó Sé is an Irish sportsperson.
O'Donnell has since gone on to play a key part for Clare, and has won one All-Ireland medal and one Waterford Crystal Cup medal.
From 2014 until 2016 he also represented the Black Mountain district electoral area on Belfast City Council.
At club level he enjoyed a lengthy but largely unsuccessful career with Bennettsbridge.
He made his senior debut with Offaly during the 1980-81 National League and immediately became a regular member of the team.
He made his senior debut during the 1990-91 National League.
He plays hurling with his local club St. John's and has been a member of the Antrim senior inter-county hurling team since 2007.
He played in an O'Byrne Cup final in 2007 but lost out to Dublin, he also won 2 O'Byrne Shield medals in 2006 and 2007.
He joined the Louth senior team for the 1947 championship.
Plunkett Donaghy is a former Tyrone Gaelic footballer.
He has consistently been a high scorer for Derry, with a career high of 2-38 during the 2004 All-Ireland Championship.
In addition to this he also won two championship medals.
Shane Durkin is a Hurling player for Dublin and Ballyboden St. Enda's.
John Mullane is an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-forward for the Waterford senior team.
In 1972, he was on the Galway team that defeated Dublin to win their first U-21 All-Ireland hurling final.
He won two All Irelands in 1997 and 2000, and played in the 2002 final.
He served with distinction on Donegal's inter-county football panel for a number of decades and played for his local club Dungloe.
He won Meath Senior Football Championship medals in 2007 and 2009 with Seneschalstown.
Matthew "Matty" Power was an Irish sportsperson.
He won All Ireland football medals at Minor, Under 21 and Senior with Meath in the 1990s as well as a Junior medal in 2003.
Born in Banagher, County Offaly, Horan first played competitive hurling in his youth.
Colum ran many 10k runs, and last competed at the age of 84 in the "Loughrea 5" completing it with ease.
John McDermott is a former inter-county Gaelic footballer for Meath.
In spite of this "retirement", Haran was man of the match in the final of the 2014 Donegal Senior Football Championship.
Collins quickly became a regular member of the starting fifteen and has won one Christy Ring Cup medal.
He arrived on the inter-county scene when he first linked up with the Galway minor team.
In addition to this he has also won five county club championship medals.
Born in Sixmilebridge, County Clare, Morey first played competitive hurling whilst at school in St. Flannan's College.
He made his senior debut in the 2003 National Hurling League.
In the All-Ireland quarter-final Costello was a sub again and managed one point in a one-sided game against Monaghan.
In 2010, he was named Senior Footballer of the Year.
At club level Mullins began his career with Nemo Rangers, with whom he won one championship medal in the intermediate grade.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, Carey won several Railway Cup medals as a non-playing substitute.
He is the nephew of Tyrone manager, Mickey Harte.
In his managerial career he has had three stints managing Derry and has also managed Sligo, Donegal, Mayo and Leitrim.
O'Sullivan has ended up as an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
Meagher was a member of a famous Gaelic games dynasty.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions.
While Kirby has been touted as a possible future manager of Limerick, he has been in charge of the Patrickswell senior hurling team since 2008.
Born in Blackrock, Cork, Creagh first played competitive Gaelic games during his schooling at Coláiste Iognáid Rís.
He played hurling with his local club Faythe Harriers and with the Wexford senior inter-county team in from the 1987 until 2004.
He was taken out of the lineup prior to the 2007 quarterfinal match my Cork manager Gerald McCarthy.
He was a member of the Longford inter-county panel from 2004 to 2011.
Seán O'Neill is a former Irish sportsperson.
Damien Quinn is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a goalkeeper and captain of the Antrim senior team.
O'Neill announced his retirement from the Tyrone Gaelic football team in January 2008, but made himself available for the All-Ireland final of the same year.
At club level he was a four-time championship medallist with Liam Mellows.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on three occasions.
During that time he won one All-Ireland medal and two Munster medals.
O'Reilly scored a in the final against Ballyboden in a game that finished with the score 2-10 to 2-8.
Born in Bullaun, County Galway, Cooney first played competitive hurling during his schooling at St. Raphael's College.
Kevin would consider himself a club hurler as he prefers playing alongside his friends.
Thomas "Tom" Devine is an Irish hurler who plays as a full-forward for the Waterford senior team.
Leamy won an All-Ireland title with Tipperary as a non-playing sub in 1989.He also won minor and U21 All Irelands with his native county.
Staples was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
P. J. Molloy is an Irish retired hurler who played as a left wing-forward for the Galway senior team.
In retirement from playing, Sheedy became involved in team management and coaching at club, inter-county and inter-provincial levels.
He subsequently joined the club's senior team and won one North Tipperary championship medal in 1989.
McCormack announced his retirement from inter-county hurling on 24 May 2012.
At club level he played Gaelic football with Stradbally and hurling with Mount Sion, winning a combined total of eight championship medals.
At club level he won one championship medal with Four Masters.
Paddy Cunningham is a Gaelic footballer from County Antrim, Northern Ireland.
Hanrahan immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen and won one Tommy Murphy Cup medal.
He plays hurling with his local club Nenagh Éire Óg and with the Tipperary senior inter-county team since 2016.
He played football at various times with his local clubs Eadestown in Kildare and Castlehaven in Cork.
He plays club hurling with Liam Mellows and his gaelic football with Salthill-Knocknacarra.
Born in Turloughmore, County Galway, Burke first played competitive hurling at school at Presentation College, Athenry.
As a Gaelic footballer with the Glen's sister club, St. Nicholas', he also won a county senior championship medal.
In 2005 he won a Christy Ring Cup All Star, In 2008, Higgins was nominated for the Christy Ring Cup Player of the Year award.
Peter Cleere is an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-forward for the Kilkenny senior team.
He joined the senior panel during the 2003 league.
O'Keeffe was a regular member of the starting fifteen during the 1914 and 1915 championship campaigns.
Mansfield also served as a referee at club level.
Ger Lynch is an Irish former Gaelic footballer who played as a wing back for the Kerry senior team.
Born on Valentia Island, County Kerry, O'Connell was raised in a family that had no real link to Gaelic football.
Despite his relatively short career, he won almost every honour in the game.
He announced his retirement from Inter-County football in January 2014.
Hanniffy's father, Declan, and his brothers, Darren and Rory, also played with Offaly.
He won an O'Byrne Cup medal with them in 2000, he also won 2 O'Byrne Shield medals in 2006 and 2007.
Alan Brogan is a Gaelic footballer from the St Oliver Plunketts/Eoghan Ruadh club who played inter-county with Dublin from 2002 until his retirement in 2015.
At club level he helped Kilbride to a Roscommon Senior Football Championship title in 2000, their first since 1914.
With his club he has emerged from the shadows of the more experienced forwards Colm McFadden and Christy Toye to stake his place in the team.
His league and championship career with the Cork senior team spanned fourteen seasons from 1983 to 1997.
Brennan is son of former Graiguecullen and Laois senior football star, Willie Brennan, winner of a National Football League medal with Laois in 1986.
He made his inter-county senior debut for the Dublin senior football team against Armagh in April 1995.
He plays his club football for Breaffy.
In addition to this he has also won one Munster medal and one championship medal in the same grade.
He was the star of the Roscommon team that beat Kerry in the 2006 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship final.
His retirement from inter-county hurling was confirmed on 12 January 2010.
His grandsons, Tommy and Pádraig Walsh, have also enjoyed All-Ireland success with Kilkenny.
At club level Galvin played with Portlaw.
Michael Bond is an Irish retired hurler who played as a centre-forward for the Galway senior team.
During that time he won one All-Ireland medal as Galway claimed their very first championship in 1923.
A retired Garda, he was the father of St. Brigid's and Dublin footballer Kevin Bonner.
On 4 February 2013, Earley was announced as the new manager of Ireland.
Throughout his career Skehill made 15 championship appearances for Galway.
Audrey has a total of seven Leinster medals in her collection – two with the county Junior team, one schools and four Junior club.
Sheehy made his first appearance for the team during the 1962 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen for just two seasons.
Quigley's brothers - Pat, John, Jimmy and Martin - also played with distinction at all levels with Wexford.
In 2011 Hogan captained the team to the All-Ireland title.
Born in Borrisoleigh, County Tipperary, Finn first played competitive hurling during his schooling at Thurles CBS.
As a member of the Connacht inter-provincial team at various times throughout his career, Forde won two Railway Cup medals.
He was named as the Man of the match by The Sunday Game panel in the drawn 2012 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Final on 9 September.
Ring went on to play a key part for Westmeath, and won two National League medals.
At club level Hanamy is a one-time Leinster medalist with the St. Ryangh's club.
A two-time championship medal winner with the Ballina Stephenites senior club, he later won a championship medal with Roscommon Gaels.
Pat Moylan is an Irish retired hurler who played as a midfielder for the Cork senior team.
He played hurling with his local club Holycross-Ballycahill and was a member of the Tipperary senior inter-county team from 1947 until 1957.
Billy Joe Padden is an inter-county Gaelic footballer from County Mayo, Ireland.
Throughout his career O'Riordan made 18 championship appearances.
Born in Newtown, County Tipperary, Nealon first played competitive hurling whilst at school in St. Flannan's College.
Barry is a speaker of the Irish language and is noted for saying his Leinster championship speech in the language in June 2007.
Callanan retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 1930 championship.
His brother, Maurice, is a current member of the Waterford senior team.And former teammate, Eoin Kelly is his cousin
In 1962 Kerry and Culloty picked up a 4th Munster title in a row following easy wins over Waterford and Cork.
He was awarded young Mayo Player of the Year in 1995.
He was a midfielder with that team and collected three All-Ireland medals, seven Connacht medals and seven county club championship medals.
Colm Galvin is an Irish hurler who plays as a midfielder for the Clare senior team.
At club level he is a one-time championship medallist in the intermediate grade with St. Catherine's.
James "Jimmy" Kelly is a former Irish hurler who played as a midfielder for the Kilkenny senior team.
In retirement from playing Hegarty has become involved in coaching, most notably with St. Joseph's Doora Barefield.
In retirement from playing, McCarthy became involved in team management and coaching.
When at the age of 25 he signed a contract for Manchester United football club.
An All-Ireland medalist in the minor grade, he later won a senior All-Ireland winners' medal on the field of play.
Brolan joined the team during the 1906 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 1919 championship.
He won the 2010 Leinster Under-21 Football Championship and All-Ireland Under-21 Football Championship with Dublin.
He is a former player with the Dublin Junior team.
He won a senior All-Ireland medal in 1971.
He played Gaelic football for the Meath senior inter-county team in the 1980s and 1990s.
As a member of the Connacht and Munster inter-provincial teams on a number of occasions, Reddin won five Railway Cup medals.
Denis "Lyonsie" Coughlan was an Irish sportsperson.
John Kennedy is a Gaelic football player and manager from County Kerry, Ireland.
Shortly after his inter-county retirement Phelan was appointed manager of the London senior hurling team in October 2010.
He made his senior debut during the 1996 championship.
He played hurling with his local club Ballybrown and was a member of the Limerick senior inter-county team in the 1980s and 1990s.
He won the Leinster Under-21 Hurling Championship with Dublin against Offaly in July 2007.
Patrick Cullen is an Irish retired Gaelic football Manager and former player.
He won 3 County Championships with East Kerry in 1997, 1998 and 1999.
O'Driscoll won back-to-back Munster minor titles in 2004 and 2005.
He played with both the Kerry and New York teams with his brother Gene.
Larkin simultaneously came to prominence with the James Stephens club at juvenile and underage levels, winning two county under-21 championship medals in 2000 and 2002.
He played both football and hurling at inter-county and club level in Kerry during the 1960s and 1970s.
He first made his name as a schoolboy in the first ever Hogan Cup final - an unorthodox place for a player to cement a reputation.
Seán Treacy is an Irish former hurler who played as a left wing-back for the Galway senior team.
At club level Hegarty was a one-time intermediate championship medalist with Youghal.
In retirement from playing FitzGerald became involved in team management and coaching.
He plays hurling with his local club Passage and with the Waterford senior inter-county team.
At club level Byrne is a two-time championship medallist with Fethard.
At club level Coughlan was an eight-time county club championship medalist with Blackrock.
With Walsh Island, Richie was part of the team that won six Offaly Senior Football Championship titles in a row from 1978 to 1983.
During that time he won two Railway Cup medals.
At club level Tannian plays with the Ardrahan club.
Roche subsequently joined the Carrick Davins club and went on to win one Munster medal and two county senior championship medals.
It was the first win for the county since 1968.
He plays hurling with his local club Crusheen and has been a member of the Clare senior inter-county team since 2006.
In a senior inter-county career that lasted from 1905 until 1914 he won four All-Ireland titles and four Leinster titles.
McStay retired from inter-county Gaelic football after breaking his leg during the 1990 championship.
He was a corner-back on the latter team at various intervals throughout the 1980s, as well as serving as team captain for a season.
The closest Paudie came to Inter-County silverware was in 1989 when Waterford GAA finished runner-up to Tipperary GAA in the Munster Senior Hurling Championship.
He first played for Meath in the Right Full Back position but he is best rememebed as an attacking and determined Right Half Back.
In retirement from playing Keating became involved in team management and coaching.
David claims to have raced against a greyhound in Shelbourne Park for charity, and won.
He is currently involved in skills training with the Dublin Senior Hurling team.
His brother, Richard Stakelum, and his first cousins, Bobby and Aidan Ryan, also enjoyed All-Ireland success with Tipperary.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team, Quaid has yet to win a Railway Cup medal.
During his playing days he won five consecutive All-Star awards.
He has sat in the Northern Ireland Assembly since 2016 as a Member of the Legislative Assembly for Newry and Armagh.
Kennedy joined the team during the 2003 National League and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement during the 2009 championship.
O'Connor subsequently became a regular member of the starting fifteen and won one All-Ireland medal and two Munster medals.
He won two All-Ireland medals for Dublin in 1958 and 1963, and was named as Texaco Footballer of the Year in 1963.
He joined the senior panel during the 1983 championship.
It was during his schooling at St. David's Secondary School that Cluxton developed into a Gaelic footballer, eventually becoming a goalkeeper.
With 43 championship appearances for Kilkenny, Larkin was the most "capped" full-back in the county's history.
He played Gaelic football with his local club Dunmore McHales and was a member of the Galway senior inter-county team from 1961 until 1970.
Morgan made his senior debut during the 1966 championship.
David Henry is a Gaelic footballer who played his inter-county football for Dublin and plays his club football for Raheny.
In retirement from playing Cromin became involved in team management and coaching.
He was a Munster runner-up on one occasion.
His brothers, Seánie and Paddy, all played with distinction for Galway, while their sister, Monica, was a renowned camogie player.
At club level Ryan continues to play with Fenians.
Cahalane first played competitive hurling and Gaelic football at Coláiste an Spioraid Naoimh.
O'Callaghan was largely an unused substitute during his career, however, he did win one All-Ireland medal and two Munster medals as a non-playing substitute.
Throughout his career Neville made 27 championship appearances.
Corcoran also won two Hurler of the Year accolades and three All-Star awards.
In 2012 he was appointed as a selector with the Kerry senior team.
During that time he won one Munster medal as a non-playing substitute.
In 2006, he was the Young Player of the Year.
Larry Fanning was an Irish hurler who played as a full-back for the Waterford senior team.
In addition to this he has also won one Leinster medal and one championship medal.
Conor McGrath is an Irish hurler who plays as a left corner-forward for the Clare senior team.
He played with Ireland in the International Rules Series in 2001.
Born in Mooncoin, County Kilkenny, Dunne first arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of twenty when he first linked up with the Kilkenny under-21.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, Buckley won one Railway Cup medal as a non-playing substitute.
Patricia Morrissey is a former camogie player, winner of the Elvery Cup for the short-lived ‘Miss Camogie’ award in 1971.
Kenny was a selector with the Galway senior hurling management team in 2011 and 2012.
He plays for the Louth senior inter county football team and for his club Cooley Kickhams.
He made his debut during the 1899 championship.
With UCD, FitzGerald has won a Freshers All-Ireland in 2002 and a Walsh Cup medal in 2004.
Throughout his inter-county career, Flood made 38 championship appearances for Wexford.
At club level Walsh enjoyed a lengthy career with Kildorrery.
Quaid was appointed manager of the Kildare senior team on 6 October 2015.
At club level Carr is a one-time county club championship medalist with Holycross-Ballycahill.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions 1961 and 1969.
He has received National Hurling League and National Football League medals.
In retirement from playing Reidy became involved in the administrative affairs of the Gaelic Athletic Association,having served as president of the Limerick County Board.
Ciaran McKeever is a Gaelic football player from County Armagh, Northern Ireland.
Born in Union Hall, County Cork, Hurley first played competitive Gaelic football during his schooling at Rossa College.
Fitzmaurice retired from inter-county Gaelic football on 10 April 2007.
He plays hurling with his local club Glenroe and with the Limerick senior inter-county team.
Des Newton is a former Gaelic footballer and manager from County Roscommon, Ireland.
During Tommy Lyons reign as Offaly manager, Claffey formed a lethal full forward line along with Peter Brady and Roy Malone.
Ronan Carolan is a former Gaelic footballer for Cavan.
He was added to the senior panel during the 2015 championship.
O'Gorman generally played at either full-back or corner-back and was noted his large stature, standing at over 6 feet tall.
He played with his brothers Stephen and Eddie at intercounty and club level.
William "Bill" Higgins was an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder for the Cork senior team.
T. J. Connolly is an Irish retired hurler and former manager of the Tipperary under-21 hurling team.
Kennedy ended up as an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
Fionnuala Carr is a camogie player from Clonduff, County Down, Northern Ireland.
Rackard's death from cancer in April 1976 saw a huge outpouring of grief amongst the hurling community.
In being appointed he saw off the challenge of former Laois star Pat Roe, who had a successful spell in charge of Wexford.
Coman Goggins is a former Dublin footballer and All-star, from the Ballinteer St Johns club.
Throughout his career McGarry made 35 championship appearances.
With divisional side Beara he is a one-time Munster medallist while he also won one championship medal.
At club level McGarry is an All-Ireland medalist with Loughgiel Shamrocks.
At club level McNamara was a one-time county championship medalist with Thurles Blues.
Tom Flynn is recognised as one of the brightest players of his generation and one of the greatest GAA players of all time.
Born in Cork, Burns was introduced to hurling in his youth before later coming to prominence at underage levels with the St. Finbarr's club.
Born in Coachford, County Cork, Lane first played competitive hurling in his youth, prior to the establishment of the Gaelic Athletic Association.
He played his last game for Tipperary in June 1966.
He arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of seventeen when he first linked up with the Kilkenny minor team.
Throughout his career Kearney made a combined total of 12 championship appearances.
His first Connacht Senior medal came in ’63 when Galway hammered Leitrim by 14 points in the final.
In addition to this he also won two Connacht medals and two championship medals.
In October 2014, Walsh retired from inter-county hurling.
Throughout his career Collins made 4 championship appearances.
Michael Peter "Mick" Flannelly is an Irish retired hurler who played as a right wing-forward for the Waterford senior team.
Throughout his career Murphy made 20 championship appearances.
He is known for his hard working style of play and can also be noted for scoring from midfield.
During that time he won three All-Ireland medal and three Leinster medals.
He joined the senior panel during the 2014 championship.
Richard "Richie" Reid is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a goalkeeper for the Kilkenny senior team.
He played with the Roscommon intercounty team from 1991 until 2000.
During that time he won two Ulster winners' medals.
Whelan retired from inter-county hurling after winning a second All-Ireland medal as a non-playing substitute in the 1967 championship
Former Derry County Board chairman Gerard O'Kane said of O'Connell "everyone growing up when Sean O'Connell was playing wanted to be Sean O'Connell".
as well as Minor, Junior, Intermediate and Senior All-Ireland championship honours with Cork.
His understanding with Down play-maker Greg Blaney has been described as "near telepathic".
At club level Fouhy enjoyed a twenty-year career with Carrigtwohill
He played Gaelic football with his local club Bantry Blues and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team from 1968 until 1978.
He has since become a Gaelic games pundit for RTÉ.
He has represented the Wicklow senior GAA teams in both football and hurling.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
He was also a member of the Ireland international rules football team in 2002 and 2006.
Born in Bennettsbridge, County Kilkenny, McGarry first played competitive hurling whilst at school in Kilkenny CBS.
Kelly subsequently became a regular member of the starting team, and won six All-Ireland medals and seven Leinster medals.
During that time he won one All-Ireland medal and one Munster medal.
He was a member of the Kerry Senior Football Panel from 1992 to 2006.
Mullan has been described as "one of Derry's greatest forwards" and one of Derry's best ever players.
Quaid made his debut on the inter-county scene when he first linked up with the Limerick minor team.
He has been immortalised in Midlands folklore as the arch rival of Dublin's Jonny Cooper, and their battles on field are legendary in Coppers' gossip circles.
Jason Ryan is an Irish Gaelic football manager and former player.
He made his senior debut during the 1980 championship.
He played with the Kerry and the Crotta O'Neill's club.
Ben was Meath senior footballer of the year in 1982 and won an O'Byrne Cup medal in 1983.
O'Flaherty retired from inter-county football following the conclusion of the 1980 championship.
Ben also had 2 aunts who played in an All-Ireland Camogie final for Galway against Antrim in 1946.
In 1988, when he was the last surviving member of Cork's 1931 championship triumph, he was the recipient of the GAA All-Time All-Star Award.
He played Gaelic football with his local club Clonduff and was a member of the Down senior inter-county team from 1951 until 1962.
He retired from inter-county football following the conclusion of the 1951 championship.
He made his senior debut during the 2005 championship.
He also plays with his local club, Causeway.
In 1985 he and his brother Tim were presented with the GAA All-Time All-Star award.
He also won All Ireland Under 21 B titles in 2009, 2010 and 2011.
He made his senior debut during the 1967 championship.
He also won an All Stars Awardin 1997.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions Costigan won one Railway Cup medal.
Tony Nation is a former Irish sportsperson.
Gleeson subsequently became a regular member of the starting fifteen and has won six Munster medals.
He enjoyed one championship season with the minors won an All-Ireland medal as a non-playing substitute in 1967.
During that time he won one All-Ireland medal and two Munster medals.
During that time he won one All-Ireland medal and two Munster medals.
The former Ardscoil Rís student plays his club football for Whitehall Colmcille.
Patrick "Pat" McDonnell is an Irish retired hurler who played as a full-back for the Cork senior team.
McCloy plays his club football for Erin's Own's Lavey.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, Nash won has won one Railway Cup medal.
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1964 championship.
McGuckin was captain of the Derry team for 2007 and is currently the vice-captain.
At club level he was a fifteen-time championship medallist with Mount Sion.
At club level Cahill is a one-time All-Ireland medallist with Birr.
He plays his club football for Pádraig Pearse's Kilrea.
Larkin is widely regarded as one of the greatest players of all-time.
He won the 1972 Ulster Senior Football Championship with Donegal.
Dom O'Donnell was a Gaelic footballer from Tralee, County Kerry.
Aaron Cunningham is an Irish hurler who plays as a right corner-forward for the Clare senior team.
Jarlath "Ja" Fallon is a Gaelic footballer for County Galway and Tuam Stars.
He made his senior debut with Offaly during the 1980 championship and was sub goalkeeper for much of his career.
After being involved in team management and coaching in all grades at club level with Sarsfields, Murphy guided the Cork under-21 team to back-to-back All-Ireland titles.
Throughout his career, Murphy made 41 championship appearances for Cork.
He played Gaelic football with his local club Dingle and has been a member of the Kerry senior inter-county team from 1977 until 1984.
Born in Toomevara, County Tipperary, Brislane first played competitive hurling during his schooling at St. Joseph's College in Borrisoleigh.
Born in Roscrea, County Tipperary, O'Connor was introduced to hurling in his youth.
He made his 150th league and championship appearance for Mayo in June 2017, his 13th season.
He was dropped from the Kilkenny team during the 1998 league.
He made his Championship debut on 15 June 2008 against Cavan, scoring a point.
At club level he is a one-time Leinster medallist with Graigue-Ballycallan.
He made his senior debut during the 1996 championship.
Murphy joined the team during the 1969-70 National League and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 1971-72 National League.
He has been an integral part of Galway County Football for the past 15 years.
Pearse Piggott is an Irish former hurler who played as a midfielder for the Galway senior team.
In 2014 he transferred back to his native club Louisburgh in Co Mayo.
In the end Kerry ran out 0-10 to 0-07 winners giving Culloty the honor of accepting the cup as captain and a 4th All Ireland title.
A native of Ballyhale, County Kilkenny, Shefflin first played competitive hurling whilst at school in St. Kieran's College.
During that time, he won two Leinster medals.
McGurk played most of football career in defence, but did play in attack for Lavey sometimes.
Dowling has become a regular member of the team since then, and has won one Munster medal.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, Cashman won six Railway Cup medals.
During that time he won one All-Ireland medal, one Munster medal and one National Hurling League medal.
James William Ronayne was an Irish hurler who played for the Cork senior team.
He captained Tipperary to win the National Hurling League in 1994.
Padraig McMahon is a Gaelic footballer from County Laois.
Sheedy also served as manager of the Munster inter-provincial team, while he has also acted in an advisory role with a number of different clubs.
Phelan's senior career was brief but successful, winning one All-Ireland medal and two Leinster medals.
Phelan was an All-Ireland runner-up on four occasions.
He has played in 2 Connacht finals, 2007, losing to Sligo and 2008, defeating Mayo.
At club level Walsh continues to play with Tullaroan.
He plays Gaelic football with his local club Kiltegan and has been a member of the Wicklow.
He served as secretary of the Limerick County Board as well as vice-president of the Munster Council.
Template:Infobox The Big Fella Liam O'Connor was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a full-back for the Offaly senior team.
He has won four Munster winners' medals, one National League winners' medal and three All-Star awards.
In 2000 however he was part of the Kerry team that won the All Ireland.
An All-Ireland medalist in the under-21 grade, Gordon has won one Leinster medal in the senior grade as a non-playing substitute.
Francis "Francie" Bellew is a Gaelic footballer who played for Armagh.
He ended up as an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
Throughout his career Forde made 17 championship appearances for Galway.
Tom Randles is a hurler from Kilgarvan County Kerry.
During that time he won three All-Ireland medals as a non-playing substitute, six Munster medals, two National League medals and two All-Star awards.
He then moved on to the Under 21 team, he had little success in 2006 & 2007.
Seán Óg Ó Ciardubháin is an Irish player of Gaelic football.
Allen is regarded as one of the greatest Gaelic footballers of all-time.
In addition to this he is also a dual championship medallist having played hurling with Blackrock.
He played hurling with his local club Golden-Kilfeacle and was a member of the Tipperary senior inter-county team for one season in 1989.
Joe McNally is a former Gaelic footballer for Dublin and St Annes.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial teams on a number of occasions, O'Regan won several Railway Cup medals as a dual player.
He has enjoyed much success at club level in both Kerry and Cork.
In 2003 Gneeveguilla won their first East Kerry Senior Championship title in 20 years with Murphy key to the success.
He retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 1957 championship.
Mickey "Ned" O'Sullivan is an Irish retired Gaelic football manager, selector and former player.
He was regarded by Meath supporters as a strong player, a good distributor of the ball & very underestimated outside of Meath.
However, he was being tipped to do following an excellent 2007 season in the Kerry Senior Football Championship with Mid Kerry.
He also won five Munster medals and one National Hurling League medal.
James "Jimmy" Keaveney is a former Irish sportsperson.
Killian Burns was a Gaelic football player from Sneem Co Kerry.
Doherty plays his club football for Bellaghy Wolfe Tones.
McCarthy was nominated for GAA GPA Young Player of the Year for his defensive performances.
He has been repeatedly voted onto teams made up of the sport's greats, including at centre-back on the Cork Hurling Team of the Century.
He played hurling with his local club Buffer's Alley and with the Wexford senior inter-county team from 1969 until 1982.
At club level he has won only the triumphant electable titles however not the rudimentary inquisitive 'cup' blades and syringes.
For both club and county he usually played as a forward.
Florence "Flor" Coffey was an Irish hurler who played as a centre-back for the Tipperary senior team.
Orla holds titles with her club from Under-14 to Junior as well as All-Ireland Junior Colleges honours and Senior and Junior National League medals.
In October 2012, he was appointed as Meath manager to replace Séamus McEnaney with his colleague Trevor Giles & Séan Kelly.
Born in Cork, Egan first played competitive hurling during his schooling at the North Monastery.
After playing on the unsuccessful Munster inter-provincial teams in 1988 and 1989, Bonnar subsequently failed to be picked for the team.
He won back-to-back county senior championship medals with Duhallow in 1990 and 1991.
He won Munster Minor Football Championship medals in 2002 and 2003, he also won Munster Vocational Schools medals the same years.
He plays hurling with his local club Killenaule and with the Tipperary senior inter-county team since 2015.
At club level Kerwick was a one-time championship medallist with Ballytarsna.
During his brief career he enjoyed little success.
At club level O'Neill played with Carrigtwohill in Cork and an Chéad Cath in Galway.
Barry McGoldrick is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for Derry, with whom he has won a National League title.
The All Ireland semi set up a meeting with Mayo the result being a one-point win on a 0-14 to 1-10 score line for Kerry.
Paddy Bawn Brosnan was an Irish Gaelic footballer.
With a total of 2-38 she was the third highest scoring player in the Senior Championship of 2011.
Fitzmaurice made his senior debut during the 1996-97 league.
Power went on to enjoy a ten-year inter-county career, and won one All-Ireland medal and one Connacht medal.
At international level Barry-Murphy played for the victorious Tailteann Games hurling team in 1932.
Conleith "Deets" Gilligan is an Irish Gaelic footballer who played for Derry, with whom he won two National League titles.
Lee Keegan is a Gaelic footballer for the Mayo senior team and also plays club football for Westport GAA.
He has also played Australian rules football for the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League.
After retirement, he remained involved with the GAA.
Ryan McCluskey is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for Fermanagh.
In a 25-year senior club career he won three Munster medals and three county senior championship medal.
He has also won two county club championship medals.
He made his senior football debut during the 2013 championship.
Guerin later joined the newly-formed Ballycar club.
In September 2013 McGarry was appointed as a selector to the Kilkenny senior team.
Maher played at underage level with Kerry.
He also won numerous championship medals with the club.
In addition to this he also won three championship medals.
Hurley has also lined out with the Munster inter-provincial team.
Walsh is widely regarded as one of the greatest goalkeepers of all-time.
Johnston also served as a referee at club and inter-county levels.
Stapleton captained the team to the All-Ireland title in 1887.
He was part of the Kerry squad for the 2001 to 2003 All-Ireland Minor Football Championships, winning the Munster Minor Football Championship on all 3 occasions.
He went on to play a bit part for Cork in defence and midfield, and won one All-Ireland medal on the field of play.
Mick played centre back when Offaly beat Wexford in the 1988 Leinster Hurling Championship Final.
Byrne also won five Munster medals and eight National Hurling League medals.
He made his senior hurling debut during the 1982 championship.
He announced his retirement from inter-county hurling on 15 January 1999.
He captained the London team that beat Leitrim in the Connacht Championship in 1977, ontill 2011 it was London only championship win.
Thomas "Tommy" Walsh is an Irish hurler who played as a right wing-back for the Kilkenny senior team.
Michael Rory "Mickey" Linden is an Irish Gaelic footballer who played for Down in the 1980s, 1990s and early 2000s.
He has also won four Ulster medals and fourcounty club championship medals.
Kildare were the opponents in the semi-final, and few gave Down much hope of going any further as they had already surpassed people's expectations.
1963 started off with Culloty picking up his 3rd National League title.
Horgan quickly became a regular member of the starting fifteen and has won one Christy Ring Cup medal.
Coffey made his debut on the inter-county scene at the age of sixteen when he was selected for the Tipperary minor team.
These include one All-Ireland Championship and three Munster Championships.
Declan Lally, or Déaglán Ó Maolalaidh, is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays the left half forward position for the Dublin senior football team.
In 1965 Bennett lined out with the Munster inter-provincial team, however, he never won a Railway Cup medal.
He won a Munster medal in 1993 and won an All-Ireland Under-21 medal in 1995 as a sub.
In 1948 Ware captained the team to the All-Ireland title.
Jack Sherwood is a footballer with the Kerry senior football team.
During that time he won four All-Ireland medals and five Munster medals.
Seanie Johnston is an Irish Gaelic footballer.
His father, Henry J. Meagher, was said to have attended the inaugural meeting of the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1884.
He was captain of the Kerry football side in 2005.
These include two All-Ireland Championships, the first time Cork claimed back-to-back titles, eight Munster Championships, two National Leagues, including one league-championship double, and two McGrath Cups.
Ryan represented the Munster inter-provincial team at various times throughout his career, winning five Railway Cup medals.
During that time he won one All-Ireland winner's medals and two Munster winner's medals.
John O'Connor is a retired Irish sportsperson.
In retirement from playing Coffey became involved in team management and coaching.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, Grimes won two Railway Cup medals.
Ger Coughlan is an Irish retired hurler who played as a left wing-forward for the Offaly senior team.
McKenna won four All-Ireland titles, five Munster titles and one National Hurling League title with Tipperary.
During that time he won two All-Ireland medals and three Munster medals.
Áine Codd is a camogie player, winner of an All-Star award in 2004 and an All Ireland medal in 2007.
Born in Elphin, County Roscommon, Keenan was introduced to Gaelic football in his youth.
Just as they were preparing to return to full training the sudden death occurred of player Sean Kavanagh's father.
He played his club football with Erins Isle.
Linden is known as one of the Down's best ever footballers.
Farrell has since gone on to join Kilkenny's championship panel.
He is the brother of Limerick hurler Paudie Fitzmaurice.
He retired from inter-county football following the conclusion of the 1972 championship.
McGuinness started his club career with Sarsfield's in his native Derry City.
She played cornerforward on her first All Ireland final appearance in 2001. and her brother, Noel, who won an All-Ireland Intermediate medal in 2008.
Simon Behan is a former All-Ireland Senior Football Championship winner with Dublin in 1963.
Ray Barry is a hurling goalkeeper who plays with Passage GAA at club level and formerly with Waterford GAA at inter-county level.
At club level Hassett was a one-time championship medallist with Toomevara.
He played hurling with his local club Clonoulty-Rossmore and with the Tipperary senior inter-county team in the 1980s and 1990s.
Mossie Dowling is a former Irish sportsperson.
Michaela Convery is a camogie player, winner of a Soaring Star award in 2010 and an All Ireland Intermediate championship medal in 2011.
He also played Railway Cup for Leinster from 1998-2004.
He won a Kerry Senior Football Championship with Shannon Rangers in 1977.
Robertson retired from inter-county football due to an injury in 2008 which dramatically affected his fluency of movement.
In addition to this he has also won a county championship winners' medal.
He studied medicine and is now a lecturer in the School of Health and Human Performance in Dublin City University.
At club level, he won a County Under-21 B medal in 1994.
He subsequently took charge of the Limerick under-21 hurling team as well as being a selector with the Limerick senior hurling team under Dónal O'Grady.
At club level Hayes was a four-county club championship medallist with Faughs.
Kelly subsequently became a more regular member of the team and has won one Leinster medal and one National Hurling League medal.
At club level Kearney plays with Tallow.
O'Driscoll made substitute appearances with Dublin in the 2006 championship against Clare and Limerick although he made his first start against Wexford on June 7, 2007.
He has been an All-Ireland runner-up on three occasions.
Maher was the first player to captain a team to All-Ireland success on three occasions.
Walsh began his inter-county career as a Gaelic footballer with Waterford, however, after two seasons as a dual player he decided to concentrate on hurling.
Callanan made his debut on the inter-county scene at the age of eighteen when he was selected for the Galway minor team.
Throughout his career Philpott made 7 championship appearances.
He played hurling with his local club Blackrock and with the Cork senior inter-county team in the 1880s and 1890s.
His progression to the senior team was slow, however, he eventually made his debut during the 1991 championship.
He retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 1926 championship.
At club level Moylan is a Leinster medalist with St. Rynagh's.
Robert Wilmot is a former Irish sportsperson.
He joined the Tipperary senior panel during the 1970 championship.
Meadhbh Stokes is a former camogie player, captain of the All Ireland Camogie Championship winning team in 1999, the first at senior level for Tipperary.
Aidan O'Shea is an Irish Gaelic footballer from Glenbeigh-Glencar in County Kerry.
He enjoyed All-Ireland successes at colleges level with St. Kieran's College.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
Born in Ballinderry, County Tipperary, Byrne first played competitive hurling during his schooling at Flannans College Ennis winning Harty Cup Medals.
At club level Phelan is a one-time championship medallist with Ardfinnan.
Colm Kelly is a Gaelic footballer from County Laois.
Maurice Flynn was an Irish hurler who played as a left wing-forward for the Limerick senior team.
Michael Maher was an Irish hurler and Gaelic games administrator.
As a hurler Horgan is a one-time championship medallist in the senior grade.
Shanahan is widely regarded as one of Waterford's greatest hurlers.
Ray Hazley is a former Gaelic footballer for Dublin.
James "Jimmy" Coogan is an Irish retired hurler who played as a left wing-forward for the Kilkenny senior team.
He later managed Leitrim for a short while.
Ahern immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen, and won four All-Ireland medals, four Munster medals and two National Hurling League medals.
Later that year he made his Championship debut against Laois in the All-Ireland Qualifiers.
Smith made his first appearance for the team during the 2005 championship and became a regular member of the starting fifteen over subsequent seasons.
Gerard "Ger" Loughnane is an Irish retired hurler who played as a right wing-back for the Clare senior team.
Donie Shine was a former player and manager from County Roscommon.
Ryan is regarded as one of Limerick's all-time greatest hurlers.
Quane won a Lmerick Senior Football Championship with Glencunane Rovers in 1991 and has also won an Intermediate title with Galtee Gaels.
That year he won one All-Ireland medal and one Leinster medal.
Colm Boyle is a Gaelic footballer for the Mayo senior team and also plays club football for Davitts.
He subsequently joined the Waterford under-21 team and won an All-Ireland medal as joint-captain of the team in 2016.
Only one other Laois player, Colm Browne, has managed to emulate this feat.
Barry O'Shea is a Gaelic footballer from Tralee, County Kerry.
At club level Keane is a one-time Leinster medallist with St. Rynagh's.
Leahy was the member of a hurling 'dynasty' in Tipperary.
Campion immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen and won one National League medal.
He made his senior debut in the 1959 championship.
In 2008, Geaney was also appointed as the Kerry U21 manager.
He joined the senior panel during the 1951 championship.
Lillian Zinkant is a camogie player, winner of the Gaelic Star-AIB Junior Camogie Player of the Year in 1983.
Born in the United States, Deay made his senior debut for Kildare in the 2013 Christy Ring Cup.
An All-Ireland medal winners with the club in 2017, Cooper has also won five Munster medals and six county senior championship medals.
John Nolan is an Irish retired sportsperson.
Donnelly received an All-Star that year being named in corner back.
Has won inter-provincial honours with Munster and is the side's free-taker and top scorer.
He is a current selector with the Tipperary senior team.
At club level Cooke played both hurling and football with a number of local clubs including Knockainey, Knockane and Bulgaden.
Upon returning to Ireland he played for Douglas and Nemo Rangers in County Cork.
In 1998, Higgins added a Leinster U21 Football Championship title to his list of honours.
Michael Walsh is an Irish hurler who currently plays for the Kilkenny senior team and for his club Young Irelands.
He also played with the Cork team winning a Munster Championship as a sub in 2002.
Joseph Cooney is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a centre-forward for the Galway senior team.
In the same article, the Irish Examiner said, "it would be no exaggeration to call him the hardest working footballer in Ireland."
Throughout his career Barry made 37 championship appearances.
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1970 championship.
He is now pastor of St. Gregory the Great Catholic Church in San Diego, California
Hough first came to prominence as captain of the Waterford team for the 1913 championship.
He has served as manager of the Tipperary and Waterford senior teams.
He also stated with Tralee IT teams that won Sigerson Cups in 1998 and 1999.
Alan attended Davitt College in Castlebar for his Secondary school education.
He went on to play a key role for Cork as goalkeeper during a successful era, and won three All-Ireland medals and five Munster medals.
Damien Cahalane is an Irish hurler who plays as a full-back for the Cork senior team.
Spain went on to play a key role for Offaly but enjoyed little success.
He made his senior debut in the 1918 championship.
During his career he won one All-Ireland medal and one Munster medal.
During that time he won one Nicky Rackard Cup medal and two Ulster medals.
During that time he won one All-Ireland medal, four Munster medals, one National Hurling League medal and two All-Star awards.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
He was a selector with the Kilkenny senior team that claimed Leinster and All-Ireland honours in 1922, before later training a successful James Stephens team.
O'Donoghue won his first All-Ireland Senior title with Kerry in 2014 after a 2-9 to 0-12 win against Donegal in the final.
She was an All-Star nominee in 2010.
Walsh retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 1914 championship.
Liam Hayes is an Irish retired hurler who played as a full-back for the Cork intermediate team.
He captained the team to the All-Ireland title in 2014.
He was named captain of the Galway football team in 2007 and made his debut in the International Rules competition in 2006.
Paddy won the all-Ireland senior football championship with Dublin in September 2013 at Croke Park against Mayo.
He retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 1967 championship.
Damien Fogarty is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a substitute forward for the Kilkenny senior team.
He made his championship debut in 1992 against Cork in a 2-12 to 1-12 defeat at Páirc Uí Chaoimh.
In 2016 he hopes to return to the tipperary set up under the guidance of new management.
At club level he was a one-time championship medallist with Slieverue.
John Joseph "Count" O'Donovan was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a midfielder for the Cork senior team.
He was one of the most prolific goal-scorers of his era, and scored upwards of 21 championship goals.
John Buckley is an Irish former sportsperson.
Hartley was a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions.
In January 2014, Tomás took up his role as Commercial and Marketing Manager for Dublin GAA, the first role of its kind for GAA counties.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
In retirement from playing Keogh became involved in coaching and team management.
He had previously played with North Mon and with Glen Rovers GAA.
In 2009, he took charge of the Down senior team, leading them to the 2010 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final in his first season in charge.
Reid has been appointed vice-captain of the Kilkenny senior hurling team for 2010, while his brother T. J. will serve as captain.
Charlie Tobin captured six of those goals as the Glen won by 10-6 to 7-5.
He joined the senior panel during the 1928 championship.
He won Westmeath's first ever All Star Award in Football or Hurling in 1986.
Callanan made his first appearance for the team during the 2008 National League and immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen.
Murphy joined the team during the 2001 National League and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 2011 championship.
John Holohan was an Irish hurler who played as a full-back for the Kilkenny senior team.
Throughout his career Murphy made 2 championship appearances.
After battling illness for several years, Horgan died on 10 June 2016.
Gottsche lined out for London in the Connacht semi final three weeks later but was substituted early in the first half.
Peter O'Sullivan is an Irish retired hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Tipperary senior team.
He played Gaelic football with his local club Beaufort and was a member of the Kerry senior inter-county team from 1968 until 1976.
He announced his retirement from inter-county football after 10 years on 1 July 2013 after Westmeath's first round qualifier defeat to Fermanagh.
He later enjoyed an unsuccessful one-season spell as manager of the Cork senior team from 2001 to 2002.
Born in Enniscorthy, County Wexford, Keogh arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of twenty-eight when he first linked up with the Kilkenny senior team.
Redmond is a firefighter by profession and has featured in the Dublin fire brigade Halloween health and safety campaign.
During that time he won five All-Ireland medals, six Munster medals and one National League medal.
As a member of the club's senior team he won a county senior championship medal in 2014.
At club level, O'Connor played with the Ballydonoghue club and the Shannon Rangers divisional team.
He played with Galway in New York and Chicago, the Harry Boland club.
At club level Dillon is a one-time Munster medallist with De La Salle.
Noel Sands is an Irish former hurler who played as a left wing-forward for the Down senior team.
He is a cousin of former Meath team mates Mick Lyons and Padraig Lyons.
He was a selector with Cork's All-Ireland-winning team in 1966.
He played hurling with his local club Killenaule and with the Tipperary senior inter-county team in the late 1990s.
Dave "Daw" McGrath was an Irish sportsperson.
He plays his club football for Ballintubber.
McGrath is regarded as one of the greatest players never to have won an All-Ireland medal.
He captained Carrigaline to the Cork Intermediate Football Championship final, before moving to Lucan to live with his best friend Quenton.
His retirement came following Kilkenny's defeat by Wexford in the 1954 championship.
Hughes represented the Connacht inter-provincial team on a number of occasions and was a Railway Cup runner-up on two occasions.
Thomas "Tommy" Doyle was an Irish hurler who played as a left wing-back for the Tipperary senior team.
In November 2010, McVeigh was also named in the 2010 GPA Gaelic Football Team of the Year.
He plays his club football for Kilmacud Crokes and played for the Dublin senior football team between 1996 and 2008.
He made his debut in the 1945 Four Counties League, while also playing for the county junior team.
At club level Doyle is a six-time county club championship medalist with Newmarket-on-Fergus.
Vincent 'Vinnie' Murphy is a former Gaelic footballer for Dublin Championship scores 12 - 89
In November 2016, Roscommon GAA announced that their new Centre of Excellence located in Runnabracken will be named after Dermot Earley.
Jack Gargan was an Irish hurler who played as a left wing-forward for the Kilkenny and Dublin senior teams.
Unsuccessful in this grade, he later won an All-Ireland medal with the under-21 team.
Hiney announced his retirement from inter-county hurling in December 2014.
He also enjoyed one season as captain of the Tipperary football team.
Skehan is widely regarded as one of the greatest goalkeepers of all time.
At club level McGrath is a two-time county club championship medalist with Kilmacud Crokes.
He has also played on Institute of Technology, Sligo's Ryan Cup team.
At club level he coached Athenry to the All-Ireland title in 1997.
Ó Sé is widely regarded as one of the greatest defenders of his generation.
Connolly is widely regarded as one of Galway's greatest-ever hurlers.
At club level Mulcahy is an All-Ireland medalist with Newtownshandrum.
As a Gaelic footballer with St. Brendan's Horgan is a one-time All-Ireland medallist in the intermediate grade.
Frank McGrath was an Irish hurler and manager who played for the Tipperary senior team.
He is the younger brother of Shane Maher who has also played senior hurling for Tipperary.
Bertie Cunningham is a retired inter-county Irish Gaelic footballer for County Meath in Ireland.
Aidan Healy is a hurler from Co. Kerry.
He had 4 other brothers who also played with Kerry.
Throughout his brief career Pehaln made just 8 championship appearances.
Teddy Holland is an Irish former Gaelic football manager and former player.
In retirement from playing Carey became involved in team management and coaching, serving as a selector with the Tipperary senior team.
He played hurling with his local club St. Anne's and was a member of the Wexford senior inter-county team from 1968 until 1973.
He made his senior debut during the 2014 league.
They were a step above Derry in the semi-final and not even a late penalty could ruin the day as Galway won by 0-16 to 1-08.
Jim Lynch is an Irish retired hurler who played as a full-back and as a full-forward for the Kilkenny senior team.
He plays Gaelic football with his local club Buncrana and is a member of the Donegal senior inter-county team.
He made his first impression on the inter-county scene when he joined the Galway under-21 team.
He first played competitive hurling at the age of fourteen with the Dean Street Volunteers before joining the Dicksboro club in 1914.
Rackard's brothers, Nicky and Bobby, also enjoyed All-Ireland success with Wexford.
Farragher also has an All-Ireland senior hurling runners-up medal from 2005 when he was the top-scorer in the championship.
In retirement from playing, Connolly became involved in team management and coaching.
Lyons was moving towards the end of his career when he was chosen for the Munster inter-provincial team in 1954.
The following year he played in the League final as Meath lost to Mayo.
She also holds two Gael Linn interprovincial medals and held her place on the Leinster team for ten years.
His brother, Luke, played hurling for Carlow.
He played as a forward and was a free kick specialist.
He has been an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
He also played for Donegal in that year's championship opener against Antrim.
During his college days he was a star with UCC.
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1985-86 National League.
Barney Moylan is an Irish retired hurler who played as a right wing-forward for the Offaly senior hurling team.
Brian is a secondary school teacher in County Dublin.
Cody is regarded as the greatest manager in the history of the game.
At club level Barrett is a one-time county club championship medalist with Newmarket-on-Fergus.
At club level O'Sullivan won several championship medals in all grades with Valley Rovers.
John Dalton is an Irish hurler who played as a corner-back for the Kilkenny senior team.
At club level Foley played with Clara.
As a member of the Connacht inter-provincial team at various times, Conneely enjoyed little success in the Railway Cup medal.
He joined the senior panel during the 1965 championship.
He subsequently joined the London team during the 2011 Nicky Rackard Cup, and secured a Nicky Rackard Cup medal that same year.
In 1962 Sheehy captained the team to the All-Ireland title.
He has been an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1978 championship.
He is the father of the late former association football player Paul Bannon.
He has been repeatedly voted onto teams made up of the sport's greats, and collected five All-Star awards during his career.
He plays with Naomh Adhamhnáin and the Donegal senior inter-county team.
He made his senior debut during the 1995 championship.
His older brother Johnny was a two-time All-Ireland-winning captain.
During that time he won one National League medal and two Munster medals, however, he failed to capture an All-Ireland medal.
For both club and county Bradley usually plays in midfield.
He also played soccer with Home Farm F.C.
He plays hurling with his local club Rathnure and was a member of the Wexford senior hurling team from 2008 to 2011.
They moved to senior level the following year and proceeded to win five county championships in-a-row with Finlay as captain.
In retirement from playing Burns became involved in team management and coaching.
He came to prominence in 1996 when he won an All Ireland senior medal in his first season as a Meath regular first team player.
Diarmuid Marsden is a Gaelic football player.
During that time he won one Munster winners' medal and two National Hurling League winners' medals.
Colin won a Dublin Intermediate Club Football Championship title and a Leinster Intermediate Club Football Championship title with Fingal Ravens in 2007.
At club level Hassett played with the Boherlahan-Dualla and Thurles Sarsfields in Tipperary and with Blackrock in Cork, winning numerous county club championship winners' medals.
Bartholomew "Bertie" Mullins was an Irish hurler who played as a full-forward for the Cork senior team.
He was a semi-regular member of the team over much of the next decade.
Throughout his inter-county career, O'Donovan made 9 championship appearances for Cork.
He retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 1967 championship.
Paddy Corrigan is an Irish former sportsperson.
John O'Keeffe is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a right wing-back for the Tipperary senior team.
Cassidy played his club football for Bellaghy Wolfe Tones and won five Derry Championships and the 1994 Ulster Senior Club Football Championships with the club.
After being chosen at right wing-forward on the Leinster inter-provincial team in 2006, Larkin was a regular member of the team at various intervals until 2012.
Finn began his inter-county career as a member of the Cork under-21 hurling team.
John Conran is an Irish retired hurling manager and former player.
In 2015 he was appointed trainer to the Wicklow senior team.
He is the current manager of the Waterford senior team.
As a member of the Leinster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, Kavanagh won two Railway Cup medals.
Doherty plays his club football with the famous Tuam Stars.
Pat Reynolds is a former inter-county Irish Gaelic footballer for County Meath in Ireland.
During that time he has won two All-Ireland winners' medals and six Munster winners' medals.
Kerry started off the year by winning the National League for the 2nd time in 3 years and gave Culloty his 2nd league title.
Amanda captained her club, Douglas, to their first Senior county championship title in 2008 and captained Cork to the 2009 All Ireland championship.
He was selected as one of the 1999 All Stars team.
As a manager he led Kerry to back to back All Ireland Minor titles in 1962 and 63.
He played Gaelic football with his local Tullylish club and was a member of the Down senior inter-county team from the 1950s until the 1960s.
He served as a selector with the Tipperary minor and under-21 teams at various times.
He played 114 times for Donegal and made 27 Championship appearances between 1958 and 1973.
In a brief career he won one All-Ireland winner's medal, three Munster winner's medals and one National League winner's medal as captain.
Ronan went on to play a key part for Cork, and won two All-Ireland medals and three Munster medals.
In 1956, He won an All-Ireland Senior Football Championship, beating Cork in the final by 2-13 to 3-07.
Naughton went on to play a key role for Cork and won one Munster medal as a non-playing substitute.
An All-Ireland medal winner in both codes in this grade, he was later an All-Ireland runner-up with the under-21 footballers.
Michael "Mick" Morrissey was an Irish hurler who played as a left wing-back for the Wexford and New York senior teams.
In 2012 he joined the Leitrim inter-county team where he spent 18 months before sensationally announcing his return to Longford in November 2013.
Daly subsequently became a regular member of the starting fifteen and won two All-Ireland medals and three Munster medals.
As a member of the Leinster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions he won three Railway Cup medals.
During his career he won one Ulster medal.
He made his senior debut with the footballers in the 2007 championship.
Jim "Hawk" O'Brien was an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Tipperary senior team.
Coffey retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 1948 championship.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
At club level Hanrahan is a one-time Munster medallist with University College Cork.
He retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 1928 championships.
He also helped the club win the Derry Senior Hurling Championship six times.
Even during his playing days Ó Sé became involved in team management and coaching.
In April 2009 he was named by Dublin football manager Pat Gilroy as captain for the 2009 season.
He also played football at club level with Dohenys.
In August 2004, Quinn was involved in an incident that left Henry Shefflin.
Barry later became a regular member of the starting fifteen, and won three All-Ireland medals, five Leinster medals and three National Hurling League medals.
O'Keeffe's appearance in ten All-Ireland finals was also a long-held record.
In addition to this he has also won two county club championship medals.
Seán O'Neill is an Irish retired sportsperson.
Dave Bulfin is an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Limerick senior team.
Pádraic "Podge" Collins is an Irish Gaelic footballer and hurler who plays as a right wing-forward for the Clare senior team.
Horan captained Offaly to their very first All-Ireland title in 1981.
In the semi-final they lost to eventual All-Ireland champions Tyrone.
He made his first impression on the inter-county scene when he joined the Galway under-21 team.
He is the former manager of the Galway senior hurling team.
Haughney died in September 2006, aged 91.
His brother Connie was an All-Ireland-winning captain and another brother, Jack, was an All-Ireland medalist as a non-playing substitute in 1942.
He is a cousin of fellow Tipperary hurler John O'Dwyer.
At club level Lawton is a one-time championship medallist in the junior grade with Castlemartyr.
An effective centre-back, Carey is often regarded as one of the greatest players never to have won an All-Ireland medal.
Alan Coomey is a Gaelic footballer and Australian rules footballer
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1985 championship.
During that time he won two All-Ireland medals, one Munster medal and two National League medals.
As manager of Douglas, he guided the senior team to the championship decider in 2008.
An All-Ireland runner-up as a non-playing substitute, his subsequent training with the Air Corps ruled him out of any involvement with the under-21 side.
O'Reilly attended college in Marino Institute of Education and is now a primary school teacher in Castelknock, Dublin.
He played with the Kerry senior team during the 1980s mainly in the National League when he won a medal in Kerry's 1984 as captain.
Colman Corrigan is an Irish former sportsperson.
Rory O'Connell is a former Gaelic footballer from Athlone, County Westmeath.
At club level Carey is a two-time county club championship medalist with the Young Irelands club.
Seamus Quaid was an Irish police officer of the Garda Síochána, killed in the line of duty by the IRA.
He plays with the Kerry intercounty team, of whom he was captain of in 2008.
Vinny Claffey is a retired sportsperson from Doon, County Offaly, Ireland.
Jimmy Carroll is a retired Irish sportsperson.
Conor Stakelum is an Irish hurling selector and former player.
He played Gaelic football with his local club Austin Stack's and was a member of the Kerry senior inter-county team from 1923 until 1933.
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1995 championship.
He played with Kerry at all levels during the 1990s.
At club level he helped Valley Rovers win a County Intermediate Championship.
During his playing days he won five All-Star awards in six seasons as well as being named Texaco Hurler of the Year in 1987.
He first played with the Kerry minor team that won the 1997 Munster Championship.
Born in Carrigtwohill, County Cork, Fouhy first played competitive hurling during his schooling at Midleton CBS.
Michael Armstrong is a Northern Irish sportsperson.
McInerney scored his first point for the Clare seniors in the victory over Laois in the 2013 All Ireland qualifiers.
During that time he won two All-Ireland medals and three Munster medals.
In retirement, he served Crotta on the sideline as manager.
Grey made his debut on the inter-county scene when he first linked up with the Cork senior team for the 1919 championship.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions.
He now works as a sales representative and lives in Cork.
Throughout his career, Canty made 61 championship appearances for Cork.
Downey was also presented with a number of personal awards during her career.
He made his senior debut during the 2009 championship.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions O'Shaughnessy won two Railway Cup medals.
Walsh was also the recipient of various awards and honours off the field.
He has since retired from playing for Louth GAA but still plays for Naomh Mairtin.
Richard "Dickie" Roche was an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Waterford senior team.
During that time he won one All-Ireland medal and one Munster medal.
McIver plays his club football for Ballinderry Shamrocks, and has won the Derry Senior Football Championship twice with the club.
McLoughlin has also played with the Munster inter-provincial team.
He plays his club hurling and football with Kilmacud Crokes and is a member of the senior panel in both codes.
Richard "Richie" Mullally is an Irish sportsperson.
He has represented Dublin in the past.
At club level Browne is a three-time county club championship medalist with Blackrock.
Walton's grandnephew, Liam Doyle, was an All-Ireland medallist with Clare in 1995 and 1997.
Born in Gowran, County Kilkenny, Hayden first played competitive hurling whilst at national school.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions.
In retirement from playing Buggy became involved in team management and coaching as a selector with the Leinster inter-provincial team.
At club level Hogan was a seven-time Ulster medalist with Ruarí Óg Cushendall.
Throughout his career Linnane made 28 championship appearances for Galway.
Carroll made his debut on the inter-county scene at the age of sixteen when he first linked up with the Offaly minor team.
At club level Moore was a double county championship medalist with Midleton.
Paul Gordon is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a centre-back for the Galway senior team.
At club level Kelly is a Munster medalist with Mount Sion.
Austin Walsh is an Irish retired hurler who played as a midfielder for the Cork senior team.
He left the inter-county team following the conclusion of the 1999 championship.
He was also part of the first Tyrone team to make it to the All-Ireland Final in 1986.
Throughout his inter-county career Burns made 26 championship appearances.
He competed in the Railway Cup in both football and hurling with Leinster.
As a member of the Connacht inter-provincial team at various times, Kerins won two Railway Cup medals.
He made his senior debut in the 2013 Waterford Crystal Cup.
Mick O'Dowd is a former Gaelic footballer and former senior manager for Meath.
Higgins emerged on to the scene in 1997 as part of the Laois minor team that retained the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship title.
Sean Murray is a current senior football player with St. Brigid's and Dublin.
Brendan Murphy is an Irish sportsman from Rathvilly, County Carlow.
Gavin retired from inter-county football following the conclusion of the 2002 championship.
In 1972 only a year after retiring from playing he became manager of the Kerry team.
Not to be confused with Brian O'Sullivan.
He has ended up as an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
In spite of this he excelled at the game in his youth and also at Cahersiveen CBS.
In addition to this he has also won two Munster club winners' medals and six county championship winners' medals.
In retirement from playing Maguire became involved in team management.
Among other accolades, he has one All-Ireland Senior Football Championship, three Ulster Senior Football Championships and two International Rules Series.
Born in Banagher, County Offaly, Dolan first played competitive hurling in his youth.
His tenure in charge of the Munster team saw the province claim six Railway Cups.
During that time he won one All-Ireland winners' medal as a non-playing substitute.
He joined the senior panel during the 1944 championship.
Bennett ended up as an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
At club level he won one All-Ireland medals, two Munster medal and three championship medals with Blackrock.
Gereard Hoey has been a member of the Louth senior panel since 2009.
He played hurling with his local club Carrick Swans and was a member of the Tipperary senior inter-county team in the 1960s.
Eoin Kelly is an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-forward for the Tipperary senior team.
He plays his club football for Moy, County Tyrone.
He joined the senior panel during the 2003 championship.
He ended up as an All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions.
Born in Bagenalstown, County Carlow, Doyle first played competitive hurling whilst at school in the Presentation De La Salle College.
Born in Cork, Kenneally first arrived on the inter-county scene when he first linked up with the Cork minor team.
At club level O'Sullivan enjoyed a lengthy career with Cashel King Cormacs GAA.
A dual player at the highest level, he joined the Cork panel in 1951 but later lined out with Galway until his retirement in 1958.
Fay Devlin is a former Gaelic footballer for Tyrone.
O'Neill immediately became a regular member of the team and won one Leinster medal.
It is located 1 mile south of Kilrush on the road to the Killimer car ferry.
He managed his school, Confey college, to a Dublin and leinster title in 2006 and a Dublin title in 2015.
He made his debut in the 1943 championship.
In retirement from playing Keenan became involved in team management and coaching.
A championship medallist in the senior grade with Imokilly, Cusack also won a championship medal in the intermediate grade with Cloyne.
Tomás "Tom" Condon is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a left corner-back for the Limerick senior team.
He is the highest scoring back in All-Ireland Championship history with 0-97 from 51 games.
His private life was marred by periods of excessive drinking, which had started during his university studies, and eventually developed into alcoholism.
He made his senior debut in the 1930 championship.
Alan Larkin is a former Gaelic football player for Dublin and Raheny.
He was also a star for Queens University Belfast winning a Sigerson Cup as captain in 1993.
James Burke is an inter-county senior hurler with Dublin.
Born in Rathmore, County Kerry, Crowley was introduced to Gaelic football in his youth.
He played his club football for Drumbar, then Four Masters, then Civil Service, captaining the last team to the 1980 Dublin Senior Football Championship.
He played Gaelic football at various times with his local clubs St. Mary's in Kerry and Leixlip in Kildare.
Kevin Tucker is an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-forward for the Tipperary senior team.
Fiona Stephens is a camogie player and student.
Patrick Gerard Spillane, better known as Pat Spillane, is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer and current sports broadcaster.
He was a Munster medal winner in both codes in 1966, however, All-Ireland success in this grade eluded him.
Jim Ronayne is a former Gaelic footballer for Dublin, and Clontarf GAA club.
At club level he was a two-time championship medallist with Sarsfield's, while he also played Gaelic football with sister club Glanmire.
Phelan remained on the panel for a number of years and won one National Hurling League medal.
Morrissey subsequently became a regular member of the starting fifteen.
He plays hurling with his local club Blackrock and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team from 2003 until 2004.
He won a Dublin Senior Football Championship title with St Vincents in 2007.
Liz Neary is a retired Irish sportsperson.
In retirement from playing Stakelum became involved in team management.
He plays Gaelic games for Faythe Harriers and the Wexford inter-county team.
Patrick "Paddy" Hayes is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer who played as a right wing-forward for the Cork senior team.
Ryan was a non-playing substitute for that year but was recalled to the team fourteen years later.
Initially in midfield, he later played at full forward.
Elizabeth Garvan is a camogie player, scorer of 3-6 of Cork’s total of 5-7 in the All Ireland final of 1970.
He played hurling with his local club Tullaroan and with the Kilkenny senior inter-county team from 1902 until 1904.
Buckley immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen and has won three All-Ireland medals, two Leinster medals and three National Hurling League medals.
At club level Keary played with the Killimor club.
He plays hurling with his local club Nenagh Éire Óg and with the Tipperary senior inter-county team.
Since then he has won an All-Ireland medal as a non-playing substitute and Leinster and National League medals on the field of play.
At club level Devery is a one-time Leinster medallist with St. Rynagh's.
At club level Lynam is a one-time championship medallist with Glen Rovers.
He played hurling with his local clubs UCC and Blackrock and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team from 1963 until 1969.
Henry played at right half back on the Dublin senior football team.
David Walsh is an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a right corner-back for the Tipperary senior team.
In 2008, he played a big part in Tyrone's drive to win the All-Ireland with more than one or two man of the match performances.
He made his only appearance in Melbourne's last game of the 1984 VFL season, when they lost to Richmond by 28 points at the MCG.
Throughout his hurling career Cummins made a record 73 championship appearances for Tipperary.
Eddie Daly was an Irish hurler who played as a full-forward for the Waterford senior team.
Charlie Gallagher was a Gaelic footballer for Cavan and Cootehill Celtic GAA Club.
in Dublin and with the Irish amateur team.
At club level he was a one-time intermediate championship medallist with Sixmilebridge.
He plays hurling with his local club Buffers Alley and has been a member of the Wexford senior inter-county team since 2006.
He made his senior debut during the 1989-90 league.
After being overlooked for the Cork under-21 team, he had an unsuccessful season with the Cork junior team in 1995.
Tomás Moylan is an Irish retired hurler who played as a left corner-forward for the Offaly senior team.
Brennan joined the team during the 1974 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 1985 championship.
Declan Browne is an Irish Gaelic football player who played at inter-county level for Tipperary for 11 years.
Keaveney is regarded as one of Dublin's greatest-ever players.
Barry Coffey is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer.
During that time he won one Munster medal.
He joined the senior football panel during the 2002 championship.
With them he won 7 Meath Senior Football Championships and 2 Meath Senior Hurling Championships, being a member of the double winning team in 1985.
Rochford immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen, and won seven All-Ireland medals and nine Leinster medals.
Bradley plays for the Derry GAA, with whom he has won a National League title.
Bonner played for his local club Na Rossa and the Donegal inter-county team.
He is a former manager of the Limerick senior hurling team.
Clare hurling was at a low ebb for much of Russell's career, and he ended his career without any honours at senior level.
Born in College Road, Galway, Duggan first played competitive hurling whilst at school at St. Patrick's College.
He plays hurling with his local club Shelmaliers and has been a member of the Wexford senior inter-county team since 2011.
Moycullen were crowned the All-Ireland Intermediate Club Football champions although Bradshaw missed the final due to suspension after being sent off in the simi-final with Annascaul.
Although he was sent off with a yellow card against Dublin in Cork's opening fixture, he impressed against Tipperary in the next game.
He was later nominated for the All Stars Young Footballer of the Year.
Born in Johnstown, County Kilkenny, Henderson first played competitive hurling during his schooling at Thurles CBS.
His league and championship career with the Cork senior team spanned five seasons from 1969 to 1973.
He played both football and hurling with Kerry from the 1950s till the 1970s, winning All Ireland and National League titles in both.
John O'Brien is a senior inter-county Gaelic footballer for Dublin and Round Towers.
He plays hurling with his local club Naomh Eoin and has been a member of the Carlow senior inter-county team since 2011.
Linden is among the top twenty all-time top Ulster scorers in Championship football.
He plays hurling with his local club Cloughbawn and succeeded Damien Fitzhenry as goalkeeper on the Wexford senior inter-county team in 2010.
During that time he won one Munster medal and was a regular member of the Munster team.
He has been a member of the Cork senior inter-county team since 2007 and the Cork senior hurling team since 2008.
Michael "Mick" Jacob is an Irish retired hurling selector and former player who enjoyed a successful career as a centre-back with the Wexford senior team.
David Glennon is a Gaelic footballer from Tyrrellspass, County Westmeath, Ireland who plays with the Westmeath inter-county team.
Born in Causeway, County Kerry, Murphy first played competitive hurling during his schooling at Causeway Comprehensive School.
At club level Holden is a two-time All-Ireland medallist with Ballyhale Shamrocks.
As a member of the Leinster inter-provincial team, Quigley won three Railway Cup medals.
He also won an All-Ireland medal with the junior team in 1984.
In retirement from playing Stack became involved in team management and coaching.
In addition to this he has also won five championship medals.
In retirement from playing Rackard became involved in team management and coaching.
John Keane is a former inter-county Gaelic footballer for Westmeath.
He has been an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
Heffernan was appointed as a selector on the Limerick senior hurling team in September 2010.
Parsons also played for the Mayo side that the 2008 All-Ireland Under-21 Football Championship semi-final in 2008.
Kieran Purcell is an Irish retired sportsperson.
He is currently manager of Derry Senior football team.
He became a member of the senior team in 1932.
In addition to this he has also won three championship medals.
Duggan represented the Connacht inter-provincial team at various times throughout his career, winning one Railway Cup medal in 1947.
He later made his senior championship debut.
Cavlan represented Ireland in the 2000 International Rules Series against Australia.
McNamara made crucial saves throughout the game and Galway forced a replay with a late Niall Finnegan free.
David Stynes is a former Dublin Gaelic footballer and Australian rules footballer.
Born and raised in Swansea, Zeta-Jones aspired to be an actress from a young age.
Barry Grogan is an Irish Gaelic football player who plays at inter-county level for Tipperary, and plays his club football for Aherlow in West Tipperary.
Arthur O'Donnell was an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Tipperary senior team.
He first came to prominence on the inter-county scene when he first linked up with the Offaly minor team, before later joining the under-21 side.
In retirement from playing Bergin has become involved in team management and coaching.
As a member of the Leinster inter-provincial team, Cody won one Railway Cup medal as a non-playing substitute in 1977.
Darragh Rabbitte is an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Tipperary senior team.
Healy also won a championship medal in the junior grade.
He was nominated for an All-Star in 2013.
At club level Stack has taken charge of numerous club teams including Sixmilebridge, Clonlara, Toomevara and Na Piarsaigh.
Born near Cloyne, County Cork, Ring first played competitive hurling following encouragement from his local national school teachers Michael O'Brien and Jerry Moynihan.
James Walsh is an Irish hurler from Ballinakill in Laois.
He also never won the Ulster Senior Football Championship during his career.
He made his senior debut in the 1947-48 National League.
McManus was later named in the 23-man Ireland squad for the 2013 International Rules Series against Australia.
He made his senior debut during the 1965 championship.
As a hurler Cummins is credited with redefining and revolutionising the full-forward position throughout the 1970s.
At club level Robsinson played with O'Loughlin Gaels.
He mentored a host of local clubs before guiding Clara to championship success.
At club level Mangan enjoyed a successful career with Tuam Stars in Galway and Ballymun Kickhams in Dublin.
He has gone on to play a key role for the team since then, and has won one Christy Ring Cup medal.
At club level he is a three-time All-Ireland medallist with Ballyhale Shamrocks.
He played his club football with Killererin.
Horan returned to inter-county hurling with Offaly in 2012.
Tobin made his first appearance for the team during the 1920 championship and became a regular player over subsequent seasons along with his brother Dick Tobin.
O'Brien later became a regular member of the starting fifteen, however, he ended his playing days without any silverware.
He plays his club football with St. Michael's/Foilmore.
He joined the senior panel during the 1999 championship.
He won 7 Kerry Senior Football Championship medals with John Mitchels in 1952, 1959–1963 and 1966.
With Kilkenny Lawler won an All-Ireland title and two Leinster titles.
After his playing days ended McIntyre gained notoriety as a manager and coach at all levels.
Man of the Match in that game, he scored Donegal's opening goal and later received his first All Star.
Kevin O'Reilly is hurler for the Dublin senior team and Lucan Sarsfields.
In addition to this he has also won one county club championship winners' medal.
Throughout his career Cummins made 49 championship appearances.
At club level Meyler began his career with Our Lady's Island in Wexford before later becoming a dual player with St. Finbarr's in Cork.
An All-Ireland medalist in the minor and under-21 grades, he enjoyed little success at senior level.
Born in Carrickshock, County Kilkenny, Power first played competitive hurling during his schooling at St. Kieran's College.
He also plays club football for Kilkerrin-Clonberne.
He was also chosen at full-back on a special all-time Garda hurling team.
Ciarán Clarke is an Irish hurler who plays as a left corner-forward for the Antrim senior team.
He has also represented Ireland in the u18 International Rules Series in Australia - April 2004.
In 2015, Pat Spillane included McBrearty in his top 40 footballers in the game today.
Born in Trillick, County Tyrone, King first played competitive Gaelic football in his youth.
He plays his club football for Lucan Sarsfields.
He helped Westmeath to gain promotion to Division 1 in 2006 & 2008.
He won the county championship on seven occasions.
His brother, Amby Power, was captain for those two victories.
He is the son of Thomas and Lily O'Flynn and has two brothers David and Thomas.
He has also won one championship medal in the same grade.
At club level Lambe was a one-time county club championship medalist with Upperchurch-Drombane.
Throughout his career Walsh made 56 championship appearances.
Peter O'Reilly was an Irish hurler who played as a full-back for the Kilkenny senior team.
He also represented Ireland in an early rendition of the International Rules Series.
At club level he won two championship medals with St. Lachtain's.
Martin Naughton is a former Irish sportsperson.
This set up a novel pairing in the final as Roscommon qualified.
At club level Kehily won numerous championship medals with Newcestown.
Pa O'Sullivan was a Gaelic footballer from Killorglin, County Kerry.
At club level he played for Na Cealla Beaga.
He made his senior debut during the 1946–47 league.
He made his Kerry U21's debut on 15 March 2008 against Limerick.
He played Interprovincial Championship Football for Leinster and won 2 Dublin Under 21 Football Championships with Ballymun.
His sons Tommy and Barry John also played football for Kerry.
She played in the All Ireland finals of 2010 and 2011.
A dual four-time All-Ireland medallist with the St. Finbarr's senior teams, Barry-Murphy also won a combined total of five Munster medals and ten championship medals.
He has one All-Ireland Senior Football Championship, three Ulster Senior Football Championships and one National Football League to his name.
At club level he trained Feakle and Burgess-Kildangan.
Injury hampered his final season and he retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 2001 championship.
He did win a Munster Under 21 Championship in 1988.
However Scanlon failed to establish himself as a regular until 2007 due to serious competition from William Kirby, Eoin Brosnan and Tommy Griffin.
Billy O'Shea was a Gaelic footballer from Killorglin, County Kerry.
Meagher is widely regarded as one of the greatest hurlers in the history of the game.
Regarded as one of the best attacking wing half-backs of his generation, Cassidy has also played in midfield.
Joe Cassells is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer.
In 2014 he was elected to Cork County Council as a Sinn Féin member.
He has served as manager of the Cork minor team on a number of occasions, guiding the team to All-Ireland success in 1998.
He announced his retirement from inter-county hurling on 9 February 2012.
As a dual player he also won three championship medals with the Lixnaw senior hurling team.
This set up an All Ireland final with Down.
Collins quickly became a regular member of the starting fifteen.
O'Mahony joined the team during the 1981 championship and was a regular on the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 1989 championship.
Although an All-Ireland "B" medalist at minor and under-21 levels, he has yet to enjoy any major success at senior level.
David Rooney is a Gaelic footballer playing for Sligo.
Aidan Tuite is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for Senior Football Championship team Skryne.
Tony Griffin is a former inter-country Gaelic hurling player who retired from that in November 2009.
He made his senior debut during the 1939 Oireachtas Cup.
In 2014 he had a stellar year as Kerry recaptured the All-Ireland Football Championship after a five year absence.
He enjoyed one championship season with the minor team, however, he enjoyed little success.
Born in Portlaw, County Waterford, Hickey first arrived on the inter-county scene as a member of the Waterford junior team.
During that time he won two National League medals and two Munster medals but failed to capture an All-Ireland medal.
Coughlan came from a family of other hurlers, and his brothers, Pat, Denis and Dan, all won All-Ireland medals with Cork.
He also played in the 2011 All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship final but lost out to Crossmaglen Rangers.
Andrew "Andy" Smith is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a midfielder for the Galway senior team.
In November 2013 Carey was appointed for a second spell as manager of the Limerick under-21 team.
He enjoyed All-Ireland success at colleges level with St. Kieran's College while simultaneously joining the Clara senior club team.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions.
Selected as a substitute on the Leinster inter-provincial team in 1975, Orr won his only Railway Cup medal that year.
He was awarded the award of Munster u-21 Footballer of the year in 2008.
In retirement from inter-county hurling Mulcahy became involved in team management and coaching.
Throughout his career he won four All-Star awards as well as Texaco Hurler of the Year in 1983.
He is a qualified solicitor, and works in his father Niall's practice in Killarney.
At club level Kenny plays with Belmont.
At club level he is a one-time Munster medallist with Thurles Sarsfields.
Declan will now join Jack O Connor as selector for Kerry U-21s for the 2016 Championship season.
Leo O'Connor is an Irish retired hurler who played as left wing-forward for the Limerick senior team.
Lambert was dropped from the Dublin hurling panel in December 2015.
Tommy Joe Gilmore is a footballer from County Galway.
Byrne later became a regular member of the starting fifteen and won one Tommy Murphy Cup medal.
Laura has also won championship titles with her club at Under 16 and Junior B levels.
He played hurling with his local club Glenariff and with the Antrim senior inter-county team in the 1940s and 1950s.
His brother, Jack Finlay, was also an All-Ireland medalist with Laois.
Throughout his career McDonogh made 9 championship appearances.
Brian Lyons is an Irish retired hurler who played as a midfielder for the Offaly senior team.
He played hurling with his local club Nenagh Éire Óg and was a member of the Tipperary senior inter-county team in the late 1950s.
After being chosen on the Munster inter-provincial team for the first time in 2005, Kelly made a number of appearances over the following years.
Mary Walsh is a former camogie player, captain of the All Ireland Camogie Championship winning team in 1937.
Mannion immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen.
A two-time All-Ireland medalist in the under-21 grade, he enjoyed little success as a member of the county senior team.
For both club and county McIver usually plays in half back line, but has also played corner back.
Michael "Mick" Hickey was an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper and as a right wing-back for the Waterford senior team.
He also has won Connacht Senior Club Football Championships in 2006, 2010, 2011 and 2012.
He won an Munster 21 championship in 1996
Conor O'Brien is an Irish hurler who played as a corner back for the Tipperary senior team from 2007 until 2016.
He went on to play u21, Junior and Senior hurling as well as Junior football for Cork.
He played Gaelic football and hurling with his local club Austin Stacks and was a member of the Kerry senior inter-county team from 1929 until 1939.
By this stage he had also joined the Kerry senior team, making his debut during the 1987-88 league.
Timothy "Tim" O'Callaghan is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer who played as a right corner-back for the Cork senior team.
He has been Longfords main scorer for many years.
He played hurling with Kerry and Kilmoyley and football with Kerry and St Brendans.
He was part of the Tyrone Under-21 team won the Ulster Championship in 2006.
Margaret ‘Peggy’ Griffin is a former camogie player, captain of the All Ireland Camogie Championship winning team in 1942 and 1943.
Dara Ó Cinnéide is an Irish former sportsperson.
In 2006, Fallon's fine form for Tuam Stars prompted him to come out of Inter-County retirement and play for Galway again.
He attended De La Salle College, Churchtown, Dublin.
He was also captain of the Limerick Senior Hurling Team in 2005.
Jamesy Kelleher was an Irish hurler who played as a full-back for the Cork senior team.
He made his senior debut for Offaly during the 1979-80 National League and subsequently broke onto the starting fifteen.
At club level he won one championship medal with Mooncoin.
He remains the only player to have competed at inter-county level in four different decades.
Ryan has won two All-Ireland Minor Hurling medals, three Leinster Senior Hurling medals and has appeared in two All-Ireland finals.
He joined the senior panel during the 1977 championship.
Munster Club Championships and two All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championships.
James "Jimmy" Doyle was an Irish hurler who played as a right wing-forward for the Tipperary senior team.
At club level, O'Grady was a double All-Ireland medalist with St. Finbarr's.
At club level Bergin is a one-time Munster medallist with Moycarkey-Borris.
Mick Lyons is a former Gaelic footballer who played for Summerhill and Meath.
He retained the captaincy the following year and was one of the most deadly forwards on the team.
Laura's sister Miriam is also a member of the Dublin senior camogie panel.
In October 2014, it was confirmed that Ryan will succeed O'Shea as the Tipperary manager after the conclusion of the 2015 season.
In retirement from sport Stanley came to be recognised as one of the greats of Gaelic football.
He wrote three books, On Another Man's Wound, The Singing Flame, and Raids and Rallies.
Kevin Flynn was well-known, along with others for always giving generously of his time to autograph hunters and fans after games.
Captained the Cork Minor team in 2006, having won an All-Ireland Under-16 medal three years earlier.
However having come from behind the superior fitness of Limerick proved a telling factor and Limerick ran out two point winners.
Sean Fallon was an Irish professional footballer.
He plays with the Tubbercurry club in Sligo.
He was selected in the 2002 GAA All Stars Awards team at full-back.
He played hurling with his local clubs Borrisokane and Burgess and was a member of the Tipperary senior inter-county team from 1961 until 1968.
He played hurling with his local club Coon.
Deane went on to play a key part for Cork, and won three All-Ireland medals, five Munster medals and one National Hurling League medal.
Nicholas "Nicky" Rackard was an Irish hurler whose league and championship career with the Wexford senior team spanned seventeen years from 1940 to 1957.
McGuinness is known as one of Derry's best ever players.
In 1984 he was named on the Centenary Team of players who had not won All-Ireland honours.
Throughout his inter-county career, Hassett made just 8 championship appearances for Tipperary.
Connie Keane was an Irish hurler who played as a right wing-back for the Tipperary senior team.
He primarily plays as a left wing-forward.
Tom Ryan is an Irish retired hurling manager and player.
Maurice O'Brien is a Limerick born senior hurler for Dublin and Faughs.
He enjoyed some success at colleges level with St MacNissi's College while simultaneously enjoying championship successes at underage levels with the Ruairí Óg, Cushendall club.
Cahalane was selected as a member of the Ireland team for the International Rules Series in both 1986 and 1987.
He played Gaelic football with his local club Clonakilty and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team from 1943 until 1949.
He played hurling with his local club Geraldine O’Hanrahans and with the Wexford senior inter-county team from 1957 until 1968.
He received his Gold Card membership 2003 and has never looked back.
Herbert's retirement came following the conclusion of the 1954 championship.
In retirement from playing Fitzgerald became involved in team management and coaching.
John Evans is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer who played as a left corner-back for the Cork senior team.
Gerard "Ger" Cunningham is an Irish retired hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Cork senior team.
Darren has been considered for a role in the Ultimate Fighting Championship after he offered to fight Diarmuid Conolly outside Supermacs on O'Connell street at 4am.
During that time he won two Munster winners' medals and one National League winners' medal.
At club level he was a one-time championship medallist with Cú Chulainn's while he also played with Bride Rovers, Sarsfields and Civil Service.
Martin Mockler was an Irish hurler who played as a full-back for the Tipperary senior team.
McKeever played club football with St. Canice's GAC Dungiven and club hurling with Kevin Lynchs.
Christie was expected to make his re-appearance in the Dublin full-back line during the first round of the 2007 National Football League.
Martin Leonard Newell is a retired Irish mathematician and sportsman.
Patsy Bradley is a Gaelic footballer from County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.
He made his senior debut in the 2010 Waterford Crystal Cup.
His retirement came prior to the start of the 1971 championship.
He also has won 7 Senior League Titles with Portumna.
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1987-88 league.
They were the first father and son combination to achieve the distinction of capturing All-Ireland winners' medals.
He has also won four All-Ireland medals at senior level as a non-playing substitute.
At club level Burke played with the Kilconieron club.
He took charge of several county championship finals as well as the All-Ireland final at under-21 level in 1980.
Gary Cahill is an Irish retired hurler who played as a right wing-back for the Offaly senior team.
Born in Cork, Cahalane was raised in a strong Gaelic football family.
He represented Ireland in Individual Showjumping at the 1968 Mexico Olympics.
Glennon is considered to be one of the finest talents the county has ever produced.
John Bosco McDermott is an Irish former sportsperson.
Ned Kirby is an Irish former sportsperson.
Jack Darcy was an Irish hurler who played as a centre-forward for the Tipperary senior team.
Shay played as a corner back for the Dublin senior hurling team in the Leinster final against Kilkenny in 1991.
Ian Ryan is a Gaelic footballer from County Limerick, Ireland.
He played both minor and Under-21 football for Tipp.
Attended Borrisokane Community College where she was female sportsperson of the year in 2008.
Ger played in the 2006 Leinster Under-21 Hurling Championship final for Dublin finishing on the losing team against Kilkenny in Nowlan Park.
O'Connor subsequently joined the Kilkenny under-21 team, winning an All-Ireland medal in 1984.
His brothers, Kirean and Canice, were also All-Ireland medalists with Kilkenny.
After retiring from the army on 25 January 1954, he was manager of Joe McGrath's Trimblestown Stud Farm in Kildalkey, county Meath.
Having retired for football following the conclusion of the 1998 championship, Corcoran announced his second retirement from inter-county hurling on 14 November 2006.
He won an All Ireland Senior medal in 1997, he won a Minor All Ireland in 1988 and Under 21 Medal in 1990.
Skehan was also chosen as one of the 125 greatest hurlers of all-time in a 2009 poll.
The death of Corden was the first part of a double disaster for Carlow's footballers.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
He has been a key player in much underage success for the county.
He played club football with Wolfe Tone GAC, Derrymacash.
Brian Lawton is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a left wing-forward for the Cork senior team.
Horan was appointed manager of the Limerick senior football team in October 2010.
He won 2 Connacht Senior Football Championships, in 1967 and 1969, with Mayo and a National Football League medal in 1970.
He played hurling with his local club St. Finbarr's and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team from 1962 until 1968.
Rory G. Hanniffy is an Irish hurler who played as a centre-back for the Offaly senior team.
Rory McCarthy is a retired Irish sportsperson.
Elaine 'Lenny' Holohan is a camogie player, winner of All-Ireland Senior medals in 2007, in 2010 and 2011.
He joined up with the Sligo county team after moving to the county.
At club level Mockler was a one-time county championship medalist with Moycarkey-Borris.
Fleury later became a regular member of the starting fifteen and won two All-Ireland medals and four Leinster medals.
Peadar Byrne is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for Meath since making his senior debut in 2005.
Following the 8th point McGrath walked off shouting my work here is done much to the anger of those in attendance.
He joined the senior panel during the 2001 championship.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, Coffey won one Railway Cup medal.
In addition to this he has also won five Leinster medals and ten county club championship medals.
When asked what the lowest point in his career was he replied, 'well there are two moments which stand out to me.
As a member of the Connacht inter-provincial team at various times throughout his career, Duggan enjoyed little success in the Railway Cup.
He was the President of the Gaelic Athletic Association from 1973 until 1976.
Edwina Keane is a camogie player and student, All Ireland Champion 2016.
Even during his playing days Cahalane was involved in team management and coaching.
He played for the Tyrone county football team.
Pat Kerwick is an Irish hurler who played as a right wing-back for the Tipperary senior team.
Throughout his inter-county career Collins made 7 championship appearances.
In retirement from playing Fitzgerald has become involved in coaching and team management.
Michael Healy is an Irish hurler who played as a full-back for the Galway senior team.
Earley is regarded as one of the greatest players never to have won an All-Ireland Senior Football Championship medal.
Anthony Rainbow is a former Gaelic footballer and current manager from County Kildare, Ireland.
He made his senior debut in the 1965 championship.
Hartnett also won four Munster medals and one National Hurling League medal.
For both club and county he usually plays in the half back line.
Born in Douglas on the south side of Cork city, Bennett was introduced to hurling in his youth.
At club level O'Shea is an All-Ireland medalist with Kilruane MacDonagh's.
Paul Kinnerk is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Limerick senior team.
He joined the senior panel during the 2001 championship.
Maher's brother, Pádraic, is also an All-Ireland medallist with Tipperary.
Peter Kelly is an Irish hurler who plays as a full-back for Dublin and Lucan Sarsfields.
He made his debut in the 2000 National Football League.
Sheehan went on to be a regular member of the team for a number of years, winning one Munster medal as an unused substitute.
Christopher "Chrissy" McKaigue is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for Derry.
Ger Henderson is a former Irish sportsperson.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, Fleming won seven Railway Cup medals.
Colm O'Flaherty is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer who played for the Tipperary and Leitrim senior teams.
Brian Mulvihill is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays as a right corner-forward for the Tipperary senior team.
Tadhg Óg Murphy is an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-forward for the Cork senior team.
At club level McGrath played with Mullagh and St. Grellan's.
In retirement from playing Kavanagh became involved in team management and coaching.
McInerney made his senior debut during the 2014 league and became a regular member of the starting fifteen after a number of seasons.
Ferriter has also played in the United States with Shannon Blues GAA and St Barnabas GAA.
Éamonn Fitzgerald is an Irish former sportsperson.
With Roanmore GAA, Kieran won two Waterford Senior Hurling Championships in 1989 and 1990.
Born in Rosscarbery, County Cork, O'Sullivan first played competitive Gaelic football whilst at school at Mount St. Michael Secondary School.
Kerry retained their Munster title in 1960 with easy wins over Tipperary and surprise finalists Waterford.
Katie made her debut on the Kilkenny Senior team in 2006 and currently fills the position of centre forward.
Throughout his career Mahon made 22 championship appearances for Galway.
He has also been in charge of various club sides and the Jordanstown university team.
Paudie Kissane is an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a left wing-back for the Cork senior team.
Born in Millstreet, County Cork, Coleman first played competitive Gaelic football during his tenure at Millstreet National School.
Collins was an All-Ireland runner-up as captain on one occasion.
He plays Gaelic football with his local club Éire Óg and has been a member of the Cork senior inter-county team since 2006.
Diarmaid Blake is a Gaelic footballer from Galway.
Throughout his inter-county career he made 23 championship appearances.
He was joint manager of CLG Chill Chartha with John McNulty in 2014 during his time out from the county panel.
Born in Togher, Cork, Harrington first played competitive football in his youth.
He made his senior debut with Offaly during the 1981-82 National League, and played for just one season.
in 2015, Peter announced his retirement from inter county football at the age of 29.
During that time he won three All-Ireland winners' medals as a non-playing substitute and one National Hurling League winners' medal on the field of play.
Seamus featured in the 1971 final when Offaly beat them by three points.
During that time he has won two All-Ireland winner's medals and six Leinster winner's medals.
He was also captain of the Ireland team during the 1924 Tailteann Games.
Genie Farrell is a footballer from Camp, County Kerry.
Kenny made his first appearance for the team during the 2007 championship and has become a regular player over the last few seasons.
He was involved in the last Cork School team to win the Harty Cup in 2006 with Midleton CBS.
Here he won Rice Cup and Cork Colleges medals before later featuring on the Harty Cup team.
Landers captained Cork to the All-Ireland title in 1999.
In late 2006, Kevin was recalled to the Laois senior squad under the new manager Liam Kearns.
Niamh McGrath is a camogie player, a member of the Galway senior panel that unsuccessfully contested the All Ireland finals of 2010 and 2011 against Wexford,
He plays hurling with his local club Newtownshandrum and was a substitute goalkeeper on the Cork senior inter-county team in the early 2000s.
Moran has ended up as an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
Enon Gavin is a former Gaelic footballer from County Roscommon, Ireland.
Niall Corkery is an Irish Gaelic footballer from Dublin who played for Dublin and Kilmacud Crokes in Stillorgan.
Seán Tobin is an Irish hurler who plays as right wing-forward for the Limerick senior team.
In retirement from playing Morrissey became involved in team management and coaching.
He was part of the Under 21 Hurling/Shinty International team and was captain of the team in 2012.
Zane Keenan is a hurling player from Co Laois.
In recent times O'Grady has become involved in politics.
Dineen was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
He also played inter-county football for Galway, with whom he won a National Football League medal in 1981.
Jackie Gilroy is a former Gaelic footballer for Dublin and St Vincents.
Born in Templetuohy, County Tipperary, Fogarty first played competitive hurling in his youth.
In addition to this he has also won two Munster medals.
In addition to this he has also won two Leinster medals and four championship medals.
At club level he played with Bride Rovers, Sarsfield's and University College Cork.
Kelly also represented the Leinster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, winning one Railway Cup medal.
Lockhart plays his club football for St. Mary's Banagher.
At club level Bennett is a one-time Munster medallist in the junior grade with Ballysaggart.
Five years later Kerry defied all odds to claim their 36th All-Ireland in an amazing year and Walsh was exceptional throughout the whole season.
John Hartnett is a former Irish sportsperson.
In November 2012, he was appointed Strength and Conditioning Coach at Shamrock Rovers.
Pat 'Red' Collier played Gaelic football for the Meath senior football team in the 1960s.
David was part of the 2011 Dublin All Ireland winning squad who beat Kerry 1-12 to 1-11 in the 2011 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final.
O'Rourke joined the team during the 2007 National League and was a semi-regular member of the starting fifteen over subsequent seasons.
Healy damaged his cruciate liganent playing for his club Craughwell in May 2014 and would in turn miss the rest of the season.
His brother Séamus was also a keeper for UCD, Cardiff City, St Patrick's Athletic and Longford Town.
Carey's career tally of 34 goals and 195 points ranks him as Kilkenny's third highest championship scorer of all-time.
Kiely also served as a peacekeeper with the United Nations in Syria and the Lebanon.
Séamus Kennedy is an Irish Gaelic footballer and hurler who plays as a right wing-back for the Tipperary senior teams.
Cronin retired from inter-county football following the conclusion of the 2004 championship.
He made his senior debut during the 1928 championship.
An All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions, Quigley captained the team to All-Ireland victory in 1968.
Dunphy also won a Railway Cup winners' medal when he was chosen as captain on the first Leinster inter-provincial championship-winning team.
Peter ‘Hawker’ O’Grady was an Irish sportsperson.
Simon "Sim" Walton was an Irish hurler who played as a full-forward for the Kilkenny senior team.
Colin O'Mahony is a Gaelic footballer from County Kerry.
During that time he won two All-Ireland medals and two Munster medals.
Born in Limerick, McGrath first arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of twenty seven when he first linked up with the Limerick senior team.
He has also had a wide-ranging coaching career with numerous club teams in Tipperary.
Keriwck joined the team during the 1906 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 1912 championship.
He played inter-county football with three different counties in the 2000s.
He captained Wexford against Dublin in the 2011 Leinster Senior Football Championship Final.
An All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions, Leahy captained the team to the All-Ireland title in 1916 and 1925.
Since then Cronin has become a regular member of the starting fifteen and has won one Munster medal.
Jeremiah "Darby" Collison was an Irish hurler and Gaelic footballer who played for the Tipperary senior teams.
He played hurling with his local club Rathnure and was a member of the Wexford senior inter-county team from 1969 until 1977.
Paudie Lynch is a former Irish sportsperson.
McCarthy subsequently became a regular member of the starting fifteen and won one All-Ireland medal, two Munster medals and one National Hurling League medal.
He is widely considered as one of Armagh's best ever players.
His granduncle, Jim Mythen, was an All-Ireland medal winner with Wexford in 1910.
Tony Kelly is an Irish hurler who plays as a centre-forward for the Clare senior team.
He made substitute appearances against Armagh in the All-Ireland quarter-final and in the shock victory over Dublin in the semi-final.
At club level he enjoyed a lengthy career with Bishopstown.
Connolly went on to play a key role for Galway for almost a decade, and won one All-Ireland medal.
O'Connor made his debut on the inter-county scene at the age of seventeen when he first linked up with the Tipperary minor team.
His retirement came following Wexford's defeat by Kilkenny in the 1972 championship.
Bertie O'Brien is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer who played as a goalkeeper for the Cork senior team.
Thomas "Tommy" McCarthy was an Irish hurler who played as a centre-forward for the Limerick senior team.
Frank Holohan is an Irish retired hurler who played as a left corner-back for the Kilkenny senior team.
He made his senior debut during the 1920 championship.
Robert "Robbie" Greville is an Irish hurler who plays as a left wing-back for the Westmeath minor and senior teams.
At club level Moore plays with Turloughmore.
Herbert was elected to Seanad Éireann in 1977 by the Labour Panel.
He made his senior debut in the 1936–37 National League.
He enjoyed Leinster success at colleges level with Good Counsel College.
He was a key member of the latter team during the 1990s and collected two Munster titles, two National Hurling League titles and three All-Star awards.
Culloty made his debut on the inter-county scene at the age of nineteen when he was selected for the under-21 minor team.
A former coach of the Tipperary senior hurling team, O'Shea was appointed manager of the team in September 2012.
Mannion scored a goal in Dublin's All-Ireland U21 final in 2012.
Later in life Darren was accepted for a PHD scholarship in Maynooth University due to his exceptional Chemistry Write Ups during his 1st year science course.
Since retiring from playing football he has managed a number of teams.
He enjoyed a successful tenure in this grade, culminating with the winning of an All-Ireland medal in 1999.
In 1997 he was named in the Hurling All Star team in the right corner back position.
He played hurling for Dublin up to minor level but eventually he committed to football.
Declan Hannon is an Irish hurler who plays as a left wing-forward for the Limerick senior team.
In addition to this he has also won three county championship winners' medals.
He was the first member of the Gaelic Athletic Association to die on the field of play.
He played hurling with his local club Crossabeg-Ballymurn and was a member of the Wexford senior inter-county team in the 1970s and 1980s.
In 2010, Farrell won a Meath Intermediate Football Championship medal.
As a member of the Leinster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, Ring won one Railway Cup medal as a non-playing substitute.
He was a very prolific forward, particularly renowned for his goal-scoring ability.
In 2001 he was part of the team that won the County Junior Championship.
Fergal Byron is a former Gaelic footballer for Laois.
Orr won a county junior championship medal that year, which guaranteed promotion to the senior ranks the following year.
At club level he was a six-time championship medallist with Skryne.
Over the course of the next ten years he remained as understudy to Tom Mulcahy, however, he did win his first All-Ireland medal in 1946.
Casey's father was a Munster Minor Football Championship winner with Kerry in 1968.
In retirement from playing Bennett became involved in team management and administrative affairs.
Ambrose 'Amby' Power was an Irish hurler who played as a centre-back for the Clare senior team.
Neary was also presented with a number of personal awards during her career.
He announced his retirement from inter-county hurling in January 2015.
He was also a distinguished player for his college Dublin Institute of technology.
club and won a county junior championship medal in 1970.
He plays for the Duagh GAA club, Feale Rangers divisional side and Kerry senior football team.
Lane went on to play a key role for Galway for more than a decade, and won three All-Ireland medals and two National Hurling League medals.
In 2013 he mad it 2 in a row with a win over Meath in the final.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, Deane won one Railway Cup medal.
O'Reilly was named on the Dublin Blue Stars team for 2006 and also in 2011.
He scored the final point in Donegal's defeat of Dublin in the 1992 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final.
Cyril Lyons is an Irish former hurler and manager who played as a full-forward for the Clare senior team.
Colm McFadden is a Gaelic footballer who plays at full forward for Naomh Mícheál and Donegal.
As a member of the Connacht inter-provincial team at various times, Connolly won one Railway Cup medal in 1980.
Damien was awarded Connacht provincial Hurler of the year in 2005 and 2006.
His son Mikey Boyle was captain of the Kerry team that won the 2011 Christy Ring Cup.
An All-Ireland medalist in the minor grade, Glynn has won one Leinster medal in the senior grade.
Martin "Marty" Kavanagh is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a right corner-forward for the Carlow senior team.
Born in Ballyphehane, Cork, Archer first played competitive football in his youth.
He captained Clare to win the Oireachtas Cup in 1983.
Brennan joined the team during the 1932 championship and subsequently became a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement during the 1944 championship.
In football, he can play as a defender or a forward.
Throughout his career Kehilly played just three championship games for Cork.
Corcoran is widely regarded as one of the greatest hurlers of his generation and second only to Christy Ring in terms of Cork's all-time greatest players.
John Twomey is an Irish former hurler who played as a centre-back for the Dublin senior team.
She scored a crucial goal in the 2005 final when her speculative 45 found its way into the Tipperary goal.
In 1993, he was a member of the Laois team that won the All-Ireland Senior "B" Football Championship.
Dublin progressed to an All-Ireland final against Kerry, and McCarthy won the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship.
Galvin joined the team during the 2012 championship and immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen.
Dermot Mac Curtain is an Irish former sportsperson.
His brother George, and nephew John, also played hurling with Wexford.
He made his senior hurling debut in the 1940 championship.
He played Gaelic football with Sligo club St. Mary's GAA and was a member of the Mayo senior inter-county team in the 1980s and 1990s.
He made his senior debut in the 1913 championship.
He was part of the team that won All-Ireland, Munster and Croke Cup titles in 1897.
Born in Banagher, County Offaly, Whelahan first played competitive hurling whilst at school in St. Brendan's Community School.
In addition to this Hartley has also won eight championship medals.
Mike McCarthy is a draftsman by profession and is a Gaelic footballer with the Kerry senior football team.
He is known for his natural scoring ability, clocking up dozens of scores during his senior career, most of them from open play.
He played Gaelic football with his local club Tullamore and was the first-choice goalkeeper on the Offaly senior inter-county team from 1966 until 1985.
He was awarded the award of Munster Junior Footballer of the year in 2010.
Ross Munnelly is an Irish sportsperson from County Laois.
Daly later became a regular member of the starting fifteen, and won one National Hurling League medal.
He developed his skills at Sullivan's Quay CBS while simultaneously coming to prominence at underage levels with the Passage club, before transferring to Blackrock in 1968.
He won underage hurling championships with Four Roads and also a U16"B" All-Ireland hurling medal with Roscommon.
Conlan was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
Pádraic Joyce is a former inter-county Gaelic footballer from Galway.
In addition to this he also won five championship medals.
Throughout his inter-county career, Henderson made 40 championship appearances for Kilkenny.
He had won the 2008 Cork Senior Hurling Championship with Sarsfields, and was one of six Sarsfields players called up by McCarthy.
He arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of twenty-one when he first linked up with the Clare under-21 team.
He played hurling with his local club Kilruane MacDonagh's and was a member of the Tipperary senior inter-county team from 1960 until 1963.
Tom O'Hare is a former Northern Irish sportsperson.
He made his senior debut during the 1922 championship.
At club level Semple was a six-time county club championship medalist with Thurles.
He played hurling for the Kilmacud Crokes club from 1951 until 1983 and was a member of the Dublin senior inter-county team.
In retirement from playing Foley became involved in team management and coaching.
Derek Lyng is an Irish retired hurler who played as a midfielder for the Kilkenny senior team.
Jim 'Link' Walsh was a famous Irish sportsperson.
Quinn immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen, and won one National Hurling League medal.
Eamonn Fennell is a Gaelic football player who plays his club football for St Vincents and formerly played with northside club O'Tooles.
He retired from inter-county football following the conclusion of the 1995 championship.
By this stage he had also joined the Kerry senior team, making his debut during the 1973-74 league.
He plays Gaelic football with his local club Ardara and has been a member of the Donegal senior inter-county team since 2010.
In October 2014 he won his second All Star award and was also named as the All Stars Footballer of the Year for 2014.
Mackey won a set of All-Ireland and Munster titles with Tipperary as a non-playing sub in 1965.
He gained early experience at club level with Kilmallock, Murroe-Boher, Bride Rovers and with his own Blackrock club.
Young made his first appearance for the team during the 2010 National League and has remained a peripheral player over the last few seasons.
He retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 1931 championship.
Hanlon broke into the senior Donegal team during the 2011 National Football League and started the division 2 final against Laois.
He plays his club hurling with Longford Slashers and won Longford Senior Hurling Championship medals in 2000 and 2001.
Pat Kelly is a former inter county footballer with Mayo and is a current player with St Vincents.
Born in Newcestown, County Cork, Kehilly first played competitive football in his youth.
He also spent three seasons with the Waterford senior hurling team.
Cummins is widely regarded as one of the greatest hurlers in the history of the game.
Michael "Mickey" Murphy is a Gaelic footballer from Galbally, Tyrone, Northern Ireland, who plays for the Tyrone Senior football team.
At club level Doyle plays for the local Barrow Rangers club.
Sutcliffe was part of the Dublin minor football team in 2009 whom he won a Leinster title.
Along with players such as Frankie Donnelly, he was one of the first generation of Tyrone players to make an impact on the All-Ireland stage.
Paul Brady is an Irish handball and Gaelic football player.
He plays hurling with the Laois senior inter-county hurling team.
Pat O'Connor is an Irish retired sportsperson.
Born in Turners Cross, Cork, Mullins first arrived on the inter-county scene when he first linked up with the Cork senior team.
In 1967 he earned the Texaco Hurler of the Year award, becoming the first goalkeeper to win the title.
He plays hurling with his local club Dunnamaggin and was a member of the Kilkenny senior inter-county team from 1998 until 1999.
In retirement from playing McDonnell became involved in team management and coaching.
He made his senior debut during the 1989-90 National League and immediately became a regular member of the team.
In 2013 he appeared as a studio analyst on The Sunday Game.
He joined the senior panel for the 2011 championship.
He played with the Kerry senior team in the mid to late 80's winning All Irelands in 1984 and 1985.
At club level Codd was a three-time county club championship medalist with Rathnure.
He made his senior debut during the 1925 championship.
Sean McCormack is a Gaelic footballer from County Longford, Ireland.
In a senior inter-county career that lasted for a quarter of a century she won twelve All-Ireland medals, thirteen Leinster medals and eight National League medals.
He made his senior debut during the 1951 championship.
Between then and 1996 he won two All-Ireland medals, six Munster medals and one All-Star.
At club level Barry-Murphy was a one-time championship medallist with Éire Óg, while he also played with Cloughduv and St. Finbarr's.
Niall Moran is an Irish hurler who played as a centre-forward for the Limerick senior team.
Ken McGrath is an Irish hurler and current hurling selector who played as a centre-back for the Waterford senior team.
Ó hAilpín has a number of personal achievements, including three consecutive All Star awards.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team, McCarthy never won Railway Cup medal.
James Robert Ryng was an Irish hurler who played for the Cork senior team.
A Munster final runner-up on two occasions, Smyth is regarded as one of the greatest players never to have won an All-Ireland medal.
He enjoyed two championship seasons with the under-21 team, winning an All-Ireland medal as a non-playing substitute in 1982.
He has also won a record twelve Leinster medals, four National Football League medals and five All-Stars.
Séamus Gillen is an Irish retired hurler who played as a left wing-forward for the Cork senior team.
At inter-county level has served as manager of the Clare and Tipperary senior hurling teams.
Galway reached the quarter-final stage of the 2002 Championship but lost to Kerry.
Luke Keaney is an Irish Gaelic footballer.
In retirement from playing Collins became involved in team management and coaching.
Martin Penrose is a Gaelic footballer for Tyrone.
Thomas "Tom" Conneely is an Irish retired hurler who played as a midfielder for the Offaly senior team.
He plays with the Leitrim senior county team and Dublin club side St Brigid's.
Born in Ardmore, County Waterford, Prendergast first played competitive hurling in his youth.
Willie O’Connor is an Irish retired hurler who played as a left corner-back for the Kilkenny senior team.
A Munster medal winner with the Effin intermediate team, Quaid has also won several county championship medals.
He won seven Donegal Senior Football Championships, the last of which came in 2012 before he retired in 2013.
Enda Colleran was an Irish Gaelic football manager and player.
At club level, he enjoyed a lengthy career with Holycross-Ballycahill, however, a county club championship winners' medals eluded him.
Mackey joined the team during the 2003 National League and was a regular member of the team for just two seasons.
Since then he has become a regular member of the starting fifteen and has won one Munster medal and one National Hurling League medal.
He plays hurling with his local club Clonlara and has been a member of the Clare senior inter-county team since 2009.
He also won numerous championship medals with the club.
Throughout his career Cloonan made 22 championship appearances.
Maher began his inter-county career after emigrating from Ireland when he linked up with the London senior hurling team.
Kevin O'Brien is a current inter-county Gaelic footballer for Dublin and plays his club football for Naomh Mearnóg.
At club level Gill enjoyed lengthy playing careers with the Ballinderreen and Garda clubs, winning six county club championship winners' medals with the latter.
Thomas "Tom" Wall was an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder for the Tipperary senior team.
He began his playing career with Belmullet GAC and played for Mayo at all levels.
In retirement from playing Meyler became involved in coaching and team management.
Anthony "Tony" Mansfield was an Irish hurler and manager who played for the Waterford senior team.
Joe Condon is an Irish retired sportsperson.
He is married to Jacqueline O Shea of Ventry with whom he has three children, Tríona Ní Shé, Mícheál Óg Ó Sé and Ciara Ní Shé.
However, he failed to win a county championship medals.
Over the course of the next decade he was a regular member of the starting fifteen and won All-Ireland medals in 1989 and 1991.
At club level he won two championship medals with Blackrock.
At club level he served as trainer of the Carrigtwohill senior team while he also took over as coach of the Cork senior team.
Born in Limerick, Lynch first played competitive hurling during his schooling at Ardscoil Rís.
In 1971 he won his All ireland Junior medal when London beat Dublin 1-09 to 0-09.
William "Willie" Walsh is an Irish retired hurler who played as a centre-forward for the Cork senior team.
He is the current manager of club side Carbery Rangers, while he is also heavily involved in coaching at Clonakilty Community College.
He plays Gaelic football with his local club Naomh Mícheál and is a member of the New York senior inter-county team.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, Ryan won two Railway Cup medals in 2000 and 2001.
In retirement from playing Ryan became involved in team management and coaching at club and inter-county levels.
His father Terry is club chairman of Seán MacCumhaill's.
At club level Ahern was a six-time championship medallist with Blackrock.
John O'Rourke is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays as a left wing-forward for the Cork senior team.
He won a County Senior Hurling Championships with Ballyduff in 2006 and 2010.
He has also had a lot of success as a manager at club level.
He also won two All-Ireland winners' medals as a non-playing substitute.
At club level Cunningham plays with Wolfe Tones na Sionna.
He made his senior debut in the 1954–55 National Hurling League.
Niall FitzGerald was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a centre-forward for the Cork senior team.
He played football with Brick Rangers and hurling with Abbeydorney.
At club level he is a two-time All-Ireland medallist with Birr.
He is currently teaching physical education at St. Patrick's Classical School which his father Colm O'Rourke is principle of.
He also won one intermediate championship medal with Clonakilty.
Killian Cronin is an Irish hurler who played as a full-back for the Cork senior team.
At club level Kissane was a one-time county club championship medalist with Ballyduff.
He plays with the Roscommon senior football team and the Clann na nGael club.
Eric Philpott was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a right wing-forward for the Cork senior football team.
At club level Lyng was a one-time championship medallist in the junior grade with Emeralds.
At club level he plays both hurling and Gaelic football with Kanturk.
With one Ulster senior title to his name, Mac Niallais has been a prominent feature of the Donegal midfield since 2014.
He arrived on the inter-county scene when he first linked up with the Laois minor team, before later lining out with the under-21 side.
In 1990 Doyle was presented with the GAA All-Time All-Star Award.
Her injury time point secured the National League Division 3 title in 2011.
In retirement from playing, Hayes became involved in team management and coaching.
Louise Donoghue is a camogie player, from the Kiltale club in Meath.
Pat Mulcahy is an Irish hurler who played as a Full back for the Cork senior team.
Doyle is widely regarded as one of the greatest hurlers in the history of the game.
He had a brief spell with John Mitchels in the early 1990s.
He played his last inter-county match in May 1908.
Ryan did well at centre-back for Cork in the opening games of the competition.
King joined the team during the 1968 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 1975 championship.
His record of three All-Ireland medals is one which has yet to be equalled by one of his fellow countymen.
He plays hurling with his local club Nenagh Éire Óg and with the Tipperary senior inter-county team.
He played hurling with his local club Ballygunner and with the Waterford senior inter-county team.
Cosgrove's retirement came when he emigrated to the United States in 1987, however, he made one final appearance for Westmeath in 1993.
He made his senior debut during the 2012 championship.
Hayes joined the team during the 1917 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 1928 championship.
After winning the county title in 1914 the club had a major say in the selection of the inter-county team for the following year.
At club level Wall was a one-time championship medalist with Carrick Swans.
Creedon made his debut on the inter-county scene at the age of sixteen when he was picked on the Cork minor panel.
Homan retired in 2005 from the Dublin senior football panel after the 2005 quarter final against Tyrone due to injury.
In 2012 Quinn returned to the Antrim panel as captain.
Daniel Grace was an Irish hurler who played in a variety of positions for the Kilkenny senior.
He joined the team during the 1993 championship and immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen.
Cliodhna has won two All Star awards for her performances as Dublin goalkeeper in 2004 and 2009.
As a member of the Midleton senior team he also won a county senior championship medal in 2013.
He also plays hurling with the club and won Longford Senior Hurling Championships in 2003, 2005 and 2006.
Anthony "Tony" Doran is an Irish retired hurler who played as a right corner-forward for the Wexford senior team.
At club level Plunkett is a seven-time county club championship medalist with Portlaoise.
In addition to this he has also won one Munster medal and one county club championship medal.
O'Shea also won Minor 1988-89 and Under 21 1990 county championships.
Ben also holds the distinction of having won "Man of the Match" awards in both senior football(1979) and senior hurling(1986) finals.
He made his Senior debut in 2011 against Mayo in Connacht Semi-final which Galway were unfortunate to suffer defeat sending them to the qualifiers.
He was made captain of the Oulart club after the 2009 season.
He made his senior debut in the 2004 championship.
Kevin Ryan is an Irish retired hurler who played in various positions for the Waterford senior hurling team.
Since then Currams has been a regular member of the hurling team, and has won one National League medal.
In 2011, Hughes was part of the Ireland team that won the 2011 International Rules Series against Australia by 130 to 65.
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1919 championship.
At club level he is a one-time Connacht medallist with Turloughmore.
At club level he played with Ballinderreen.
He joined the senior panel during the 1963 championship.
David O'Gara is a Gaelic footballer from County Roscommon.
At international level Lehane won championship honours as a member of the composite rules shinty–hurling team in 2014.
During that time he won three All-Ireland winner's medal, five Leinster winner's medals and a National Hurling League winners' medal.
Fanning also served as the 23rd President of the Gaelic Athletic Association from 1970 until 1973, and was honorary life president of Waterford's county board.
At club level Fitzgerald is a one-time championship medallist with Fethard.
Cassells is the younger brother of trade union leader Peter Cassells.
At club level O'Connell was a two-time divisional championship medallist with Croom.
Fitzgerald retired from inter-county football following the conclusion of the 2009 championship.
Morris also enjoyed a successful club career with Gort, winning two county championship medals.
He was captain of the Clare team that won the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship in 1997.
He went on to play a key role for Tipperary during a successful era, and won three Munster medals and one National Hurling League medal.
He played hurling with his local club Nenagh Éire Óg and with the Tipperary senior inter-county team in the 1980s and 1990s.
He was part of the Longford team that won the 2003 A & B All-Ireland Vocational Schools Championships.
He made an appearance for Ireland against Australia in the 2013 International Rules Series, scoring a total of one over.
Gerry Coone is an Irish former sportsperson.
Cunningham retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 1993 championship.
He currently manages the Donegal minor team.
He made his senior debut during the 2006 championship.
Liam Hayes is an Irish retired sportsperson.
Cahalane subsequently joined the Cork under-21 team and captained the team to the All-Ireland title in 1984.
He made his senior debut during the 1959 championship.
David "Dave" Bernie is an Irish retired hurling selector and former player who enjoyed a successful career as a midfielder with the Wexford senior team.
Darach 'Jigger' O'Connor is an Irish Gaelic footballer.
He was an All-Ireland runner-up on three occasions.
Ryan's father, also P. J. Ryan, won three All-Ireland medals as reserve goalkeeper to Noel Skehan between 1974 and 1979.
Joseph "Joe" Keohane was an Irish Gaelic football manager, selector and former player.
It was a successful year as he won a set of All-Ireland and Munster winner's medals.
Derek O'Reilly is a hurler for Dublin and Craobh Chiaráin.
Throughout his career Hearne made 16 championship appearances.
In addition to this he also won one championship medal.
Murphy only played for one championship season and enjoyed little success.
During that time he enjoyed little success on the inter-county seen, winning just one Munster medal as a non-playing substitute.
Born in Blackpool, Lane first arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of seventeen when he first linked up with the Cork minor team.
Paudie O'Dwyer is an Irish hurler who currently played as a right wing-back for the Limerick senior team.
He played club football with Watty Graham's GAC Glen until retiring in 2007.
He plays Gaelic football with his local club Rhode and was member of the Offaly senior inter-county team.
At club level Creagh was a one-time All-Ireland medallist with Blackrock.
He trained as a teacher at Mater Dei Institute of Education, Dublin.
She was nominated for an All Star in 2009.
He enjoyed three championship seasons with the minor team, the highlight of which was the winning of an All-Ireland medal in his debut year in 1934.
He was on the losing side in the 1977 All-Ireland final.
Curran subsequently became a regular member of the starting fifteen and won one All-Ireland medal, four Munster medals and one National Hurling League medal.
During that time he won two All-Ireland medals and one Munster medal.
McCormack retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 1912 championship.
Throughout his career Barry made 31 championship appearances.
McCusker was part of Derry's 1993 All-Ireland Championship winning side, as well as the 1993 and 1998 Ulster Championship winning teams.
Henderson has often been voted onto teams made up of the sport's greats, including at centre-back on the Kilkenny team of the Century.
He was a wing-back on the latter team from 1985 until 1994 and collected two All-Ireland titles, one National Hurling League title and five All-Star awards.
He has also won five county club championship medals.
He plays hurling with his local club Adare and was a member of the Limerick senior inter-county team at various times from 2001 until 2005.
Coleman first appeared for the Millstreet club at underage levels, winning a host of divisional minor championship medals.
The previous holder of this record, John "bull" O'Keefe, commented "how dairy" when asked for his opinion on the matter.
He was a member of the squad that won Tyrone's first ever All-Ireland Senior Football Championship in 2003.
He made his senior debut during the 1964 championship.
He also served a stint as vice-chairman of Newcastle for a couple of years.
John O'Brien is a current Gaelic player for Louth and Sean O'Mahony's.
Brendan Cummins is an Irish retired hurler who played as a centre-forward for the Cork senior team.
He did not feature in the Munster Senior Football Championship or All-Ireland Senior Football Championship, both of which Kerry won by beating Cork in each final.
He took over as Kerry Under 21 manager in 2010.
He ended up as an All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions.
In retirement from playing Allen turned his hand to coaching and team management.
He made his senior debut with Offaly during the 1971-72 National League and immediately became a regular member of the team.
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1999 championship.
In January 1972, IRA member Peter Rogers escaped from HMS Maidstone, a prison ship moored in Belfast, Northern Ireland.
Fennelly has since become a key member of the team and has won four All-Ireland medals, three Leinster medals and three National Hurling League medals.
He was on the panel again in 2004 when Laois won the Leinster Minor Football Championship.
Hayes was a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, however, he never won a Railway Cup medal.
It was the first league title in the club's history.
Since then he has won four Ulster winners' medal.
Kenna began his football career with the Jamestown club.
Daniel Kearney is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a midfielder for the Cork senior team.
He won McGrath Cup medals in 1990, 1991, 1994 as captain and 1995.
At club level Hayes was a five-time county championship medalist with Moycarkey-Borris.
She won four All Ireland medals with Wexford in 2007, 2010 2011 and 2012
He led them back to back Connacht final appearances but lost on both occasions to Mayo.
He plays for the Duagh GAA club, Feale Rangers divisional side and Kerry senior football team.
Katriona Mackey is a camogie player and an accountant, winner of an All Ireland camogie medal in 2009.
Aodh Horan is an Irish retired hurler who played as a left corner-back for the Offaly senior team.
He played hurling with his local club St. Finbarr's and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team in the 1910s and 1920s.
Tom Walton was an Irish hurler who played as a right wing-forward for the Kilkenny senior team.
Costigan joined the team during the 1968 championship and was a semi-regular member of the team until he retired from inter-county hurling after the 1972 championship.
Griffin was named on the 2006 Dublin Bus/Evening Herald Blue Star football XV at right half-back.
He made his senior debut during the 2015 championship.
Married to Mary, they have sons Kevin and Darren and a daughter Elaine.
At club level Fitzell plays with Kilmoyley.
Dominic McKinley is an Irish former sportsperson.
Hanniffy was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
He started at full back in the 2012 final where Mayo lost by 0-13 to 2-11 against Donegal.
Liam O'Donoghue is an Irish retired sportsperson.
His league and championship career with the Kerry senior team spanned ten seasons from 1971 to 1980.
John Considine is an Irish retired hurler who played as a right corner-back for the Cork senior team.
He played hurling with his local club Patrickswell and was a member of the Limerick senior inter-county team in the 1960s and 1970s.
