Kinoshita Hideyoshi, a character in Baka and Test
Elemér Terták, Hungarian figure skater and 1936 Olympic competitor
Shigetō or Shigetou is a separate given name, though it may be romanized the same way.
Kjartan Kristiansen, Norwegian guitarist and backing vocalist in band DumDum Boys
Wilhelm is a German given name, and the origin of the English name William.
Queen Charlotte, several women with the name
Kwame Ture, a Trinidadian-American black activist and leader of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee and the Black Panther Party
Cathal is a common given name in the Irish, Scottish Gaelic and English languages.
Silas is a common given name and a lesser-known surname.
This name is a synonym of Lord Krishna.
Hiroyuki Kitazume, Japanese animator, manga artist and illustrator
The name has a Persian background and history.
Stéphane Beauregard, retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender
Michiru Aida, the protagonist of the Japanese TV drama Last Friends
Tomohide is a masculine Japanese given name.
Tanel Sokk, an Estonian professional basketball player.
Bill Donovan, a pitcher in Major League Baseball
People with the given name Vittoria include:
Ruriko is a feminine Japanese given name.
Shinsuke Sato, Japanese film director, screenwriter and video game designer
Ally Dawson from the Disney Channel TV series Austin & Ally
Jānis Pliekšāns, Latvian poet, playwright, translator, and politician
However, the original name Joanna is a single unit, not a compound.
The most famous Virginia is probably the English modernist author Virginia Woolf.
Jojakim was a king of Judah in the Old Testament.
Shannon is an Irish name, Anglicised from Sionainn.
The name days for Linda are on February 13, April 15, June 19, June 20, August 21, September 1, September 2, and September 4.
Graciela Palau de Nemes, Spanish-American literary critic
Sigitas Parulskis, Lithuanian poet, essayist, playwright and reviewer
Hikaru is a Japanese verb meaning "to shine", and it is the dictionary form of the word Hikari.
Norihiro Yagi, Japanese manga writer and artist
Aksel Duun, Danish sprint canoeist who competed in the late 1950s
It is a pet form of Katherine, Kathleen and their related forms.
It comes from Greek Δωροθέα meaning "God's Gift", from δῶρον, "gift" + θεός, "god".
These include สมชัย, สมไชย, สมไชย์, etc., which are pronounced  [sǒm.tɕʰāj], with a short second syllable.
Dan Ben-Amotz, Israeli writer, journalist, screenwriter, and actor
Hilde was popular in Norway from the 1950s until the 1970s.
Carys Zeta Douglas, daughter of Welsh actress Catherine Zeta-Jones and American actor Michael Douglas
Walter or Walther is a German masculine given name derived from Old High German Walthari, composed of the elements walt- "rule" and hari "army".
Vaibhav is a masculine given name in the Sanskrit language, often found in the Hindu community.
Charis is a given name derived from a Greek word meaning "grace, kindness, and life"
Saint Cera of Ireland, also spelled Keira, 7th-century abbess
Aṣ-Ṣamad is one of names of God in the Qur'an.
Teruo is a masculine Japanese given name.
Travis Harris, protagonist of the novel Taming the Star Runner by S.E.
Pierluigi da Palestrina - Italian Renaissance composer
Norio is a masculine Japanese given name.
Teodor Andrault de Langeron, President of Warsaw
Orestes Rodríguez, Cuban sprinter and Olympic competitor
Jonatán Dobroslav Čipka, Slovak priest, poet and author
It can have many different meanings depending on the kanji used.
It has been in use in the United States as a girls name since at least 1880, the earliest year records are available.
Oya is a common feminine Turkish given name.
Andris Teikmanis, Latvian jurist, politician, diplomat and former Mayor of Riga
In Sri Lanka Samantha is used as a masculine given name, being one of the forms of the name of the god Saman.
Sadaaki is a masculine Japanese given name.
Motoki Takagi, Japanese voice actor and singer
Magne Havnå(1963 – 2004), Norwegian professional boxer
Tom Segev, Israeli historian, author, and journalist
Some individuals with this given name include:
Konstantinos Logothetopoulos, former Prime Minister of Greece
The given name is of Middle English origin, meaning "good fortune".
Yaw Asante, Ghanaian footballer playing in Italy
Yorimitsu is a masculine Japanese given name.
It is also common as a surname.
Dylan is a Welsh male given name.
From 1928 to 1967, the name was ranked among the top #11 female names.
Hideyoshi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Akishige is a masculine Japanese given name.
Kensaku Morita, Japanese actor, singer and politician
The name Bethany is the English transliteration of the Greek name Bethania.
It is composed of "Or" and "Kut".
Travis Nash, from the Australian soap opera Home and Away
Esme is also used as a short form for the feminine name Esmeralda.
People and fictional characters named Cassie include:
Yasufumi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Katsumi is a common Japanese given name used by either sex.
Rūdolfs Gaitars, Latvian military Waffen-Obersturmführer in the Waffen SS during World War II
The French variant Camille may be either masculine or feminine.
It is very common in Serbia and Macedonia, and also common in Bulgaria, Montenegro, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, and Slovenia.
Hieronymus, pronounced  or , is the Latin form of the Ancient Greek name Ἱερώνυμος, meaning "with a sacred name".
Antanas Ričardas Druvė, Lithuanian military officer and colonel in Russian military
People who have the Japanese given name Kunihiko include:
It is of Old English origin, and its meaning is the first appearance of light, daybreak.
Blagovest, Blagovesta is a name often found in Bulgaria.
The name is from the Middle English vernacular form of Tobias.
Spodra is a Latvian feminine given name.
However, by 1996 it had fallen out of the top 100.
Ōtsuki Fumihiko, Japanese lexicographer, linguist, and historian
Peeter Rebane, Estonian film director, producer and entrepreneur
Cliff Bradshaw, the male lead in the musical Cabaret
Hanna Marin, character from the TV and book series Pretty Little Liars and in the TV series is portrayed by Ashley Benson
Imants is a Latvian masculine given name, from the Livonian language: im meaning "miracle" added to and meaning "gift".
When the child was weaned, Hannah gave him to Eli to be raised as a priest.
Priscilla Alden, member of Massachusetts Bay Colony, wife of John Alden
Hiroyuki Ito, Japanese video game director, designer and producer
Mindaugas Panka, Lithuanian football midfiedler and defender
Jógvan Justinusson, former Prime Minister of the Faroe Islands
The word court shares the same etymology but retains a Modern French spelling, after the orthography had changed.
Closely related names include Elissa, Eliza, the French form Élise, and the Spanish form Elisa.
Johan III of Sweden,, King of Sweden
Earl Smith, American football, basketball, and baseball coach
In Turkish-Altaic mythology, Aya symbolizes the good soul.
It comes from the name of the month, which is derived from Juno, the name of a Roman goddess.
Yukihiko Yasuda, pseudonym of Yasuda Shinzaburō, Japanese painter
Welter changed his name from Pascal to Pasco after his father disowned him, for a reason which is unknown to history.
Hannes Sköld, wa Swedish socialist, anti-militarist, poet and linguist
Jadwiga of Poland, King of Poland, named after Saint Hedwig of Andechs
Mario is the Italian, Croatian, German, Spanish, Bulgarian, Greek and English form of the Roman name Marius.
Yetunde Price, the elder half-sister of tennis players Venus Williams and Serena Williams.
Sōgen, Sogen or Sougen is a masculine Japanese given name.
Nerys is a Welsh feminine given name.
Eino Viljami Panula, Finnish boy who died during the sinking of the RMS Titanic
Wendy is a given name generally given to girls in English-speaking countries.
The given name Kyril or Kyrill is male name, deriving from the Greek name Κύριλλος which in turn derives from Greek κύριος "lord".
In Croatia, there were 2,105 in 2011.
Tadas Blinda, Lithuanian folk hero of the 19th century
Masatsugu is a masculine Japanese given name.
The sense of it as a feminine personal name appeared in post-Classical use and is of uncertain origin.
Tadanao is a masculine Japanese given name.
Akechi Mitsuhide, Japanese daimyo who betrayed Oda Nobunaga
Ilmari Niemeläinen, Finnish diver, architect and Olympic competitor
It may be used as a Hebrew equivalent of Katherine, owing to Katherine's supposed Greek derivation from katharos "pure".
In another form, "Kailey" is Greek for "rare beauty".
The stem of the name comes from the "Gök"[ɟøk, goek] and the "Han" [kahn, kan; Han] words.
Takuji is a masculine Japanese given name.
Katsuo is a masculine Japanese given name.
According to legend the first queen of Cartago was Elissa.
Chetan Sharma, medium pace bowler who was a member of the Indian cricket team
The name is attested in medieval Iceland, e.g.
Noh Jin-kyu, South Korean short track speed skater
The name Roosevelt is an American toponymic surname derived from the Dutch surname Van Rosevelt/Van Rosenvelt, meaning "from rose field" or "of a rose field."
Urmas is an Estonian masculine given name.
Harry is a male given name, the Middle English form of Henry.
Hironari is a masculine Japanese given name.
Poul is a Danish masculine given name.
Justina and Justine are anglicised versions of the Latin name Iustina, feminine of Iustinus, a derivative of Iustus, meaning fair or just.
Takezō, Takezo or Takezou is a masculine Japanese given name.
Hashim is a common male Arabic given name, which signifies "breaker of bread".
Leslie Les Mills, New Zealand shot putter, discus thrower and politician
Yoshihito Onda, bassist and founder of the 1990s pop band Judy and Mary
Enn Sellik, Estonian long-distance runner and Olympic competitor
As a given name "Oğuz" used in memory of and connotes Oghuz Khan.
There are also variants of the name in other languages:
In modern Turkish as well as Proto-Turkic, "ok" means "arrow".
In Occitania Jacobus became Jacome and later Jacme.
The name is mainly used within the area of Southeastern Europe.
Holger Behrendt, German gymnast and Olympic champion
A similar and possibly related early form of the name was Eachdonn.
Davor Antunović, popular German author and psychotherapist
Ali is a male Arabic name derived from the Arabic root ʕ-l-w, which literally means "high" or "elevated".
In Hebrew, Anita derives from the name Hannah, which means grace or graceful.
In south county Dublin there is the town of Dún Laoghaire, meaning "The Fort of Leary."
This surname can be derived from any of the numerous placenames in England so-named which are composed of two elements derived from the Old English language.
Ivy is a given name or surname.
Ernő Söptei, Hungarian sprint canoer and Olympic competitor
It is the Italian form of the female given name Alexandra and the female form of the male given name Alessandro.
Bojan is a Slavic given name, derived from the Slavic noun boj "battle."
Arabic: زهراء‎‎, pronounced Zahra', meaning beautiful, bright, shining and brilliant.
Oreste Sindici, Italian-born Colombian musician and composer
Amber O'Neal, a professional wrestler, who has also performed under the ring name Charlotte
The variant Shanna is an Anglicisation of Sionna.
Sławomir is an Old Polish male given name of Slavic origin consists of two parts: "sława/slava" - glory, fame and "mir" - world, peace, prestige.
Pseudo-Demetrius I, also known as False Dimitry I, Tsar of Russia, ruled 1605–1606
Linnea Torstenson, born 1983, Swedish handball player
The masculine Johnny can be rendered into Scottish Gaelic as Seonaidh.
Brighid or Brigid was the name of an ancient Celtic goddess, and its English form is Bridget.
In America it was most popular from the 1940s to early 1980s and in the UK from the 1950s to early 1990s.
It is the feminine form of the masculine name Philip in Scandinavia, Italy, Greece, Cyprus and Russia 
It is derived from the word "Bóg".
Hermenegildo Ignacio Peralta, 18th-19th-century Spanish settler in California
It appeared in the top 1,000 names for girls in the United States for the first time in 2008, when it ranked in 619th place.
Some other sources suggest it may be derived from a French form of Elias, which is itself derived from the biblical name "Elijah".
Mahmud is the primary transliteration of the Arabic given name, Arabic: محمود‎‎, Maḥmūd, that comes from the Arabic triconsonantal root of Ḥ-M-D "Praise".
Gwendolyn is a feminine given name, a variant spelling of Gwendolen.
Faizan also spelt Faizan, Faydhan, Faizon, Faidhan, Faizaan or Fayzan is a male given name and a surname meaning successful, beneficence and ruler.
Rex Tucker, a British television director in the 1950s and 1960s
Maia Morgenstern, Romanian film and stage actress
Mihály Bakos, Hungarian-Slovene Lutheran priest, author, and educator
Daniël de Ridder, Dutch association football player
Jorge is a Spanish and Portuguese given name, equivalent to the English George.
It is used predominantly by Czechs, Slovaks and Serbs but also frequently in Montenegro, Croatia, Slovenia, Macedonia, Russia, Ukraine, Bulgaria, Poland and Hungary.
Hortense, later known as Mist, from the Guardians of Ga'Hoole series by Kathryn Lasky
The earliest attested form of the name is the Mycenaean Greek 𐀀𐀩𐀏𐀭𐀅𐀨, a-re-ka-sa-da-ra, written in the Linear B syllabic script.
The name "Ashley"  is of English origin, from a place name and surname from the Old English words 'æsc' and 'lēah'.
Heike Rabenow is an East German sprint canoer
It was first recorded as a male given first/middle name in the 16th century and remained only male until around 350 years later.
The name Britta became popular in Scandinavia and Germany because of St. Bridget of Sweden.
The associated name day is May 21.
Sadayoshi is a masculine Japanese given name.
It was used as a virtue name by the Puritans.
Michael Donovan, voice actor and Emmy-nominated voice director
People with the given name Kerr include:
Dagmar Freuchen-Gale, Danish fashion illustrator, author and editor
Oreste Giorgi, Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church
Demetrius, a Greek slave in the Lloyd C. Douglas Christian novel The Robe and its film sequel below
Warsame is a traditional Somali name meaning bearer of good news.
Joana of Portugal - a Portuguese princess, daughter of John IV
Teruhiko is a masculine Japanese given name.
Diminutives include Páidín; the latter Anglicisation is often used, sometimes pejoratively, as a term for Irish people as a whole.
Blackmore appears to have derived this name from the Scottish placename Lorn/Lorne.
In Southern Italy is celebrated on Easter "La Festa della Palomma" at the Chiesa della Madonna della Nova, Ostuni, Puglia.
Priit Aimla, writer, poet, humorist and politician
Harunobu is a masculine Japanese given name.
The name appeared in the early 20th century and was most popular during the early Cold War period.
Eero Lehmann, German fencer and Olympic competitor
In the Old Testament Jehoiakim was a king of Judah.
The name is derived from the Hindu god Krishna who is known as Kannan in Tamil.
Håkan the Red, 11th-century king of Sweden
It basically means "a bright flame that blinds the eye".
Osip Komissarov, hatter's apprentice famous for thwarting the assassination of Alexander II of Russia
Juan Obdulio Sainz, Deputy National Director of the Argentine National Gendarmerie
It is the feminine version of John or Jimmy.
It is derived from Σουσάννα, the Greek form of the Hebrew שושנה Shoshannah, meaning lily.
Goraidh and, less commonly, Goiridh are equivalents in the Scottish Gaelic language.
The Scottish Gaelic form of the given name is Dùghlas; the Irish language form it is Dúghlas, and Dubhghlas, which are pronounced [duːɣləs].
Toivo Mikael Kivimäki, Finnish amabssador, professor, politician and former Prime Minister of Finland
The name is derived from the Slavic noun duša "soul".
This fifth head of Shiva faces the upward direction, towards the sky.
José Obdulio Villanueva, Guatemalan sergeant convicted due to the murder of Juan José Gerardi Conedera
Gwyneth Lewis, a Welsh poet, and the first National Poet for Wales
It has seen steady, though infrequent, usage in the United States throughout its history.
Yağmur is a unisex Turkish given name and surname.
Séan reflects the Ulster pronunciation and is anglicized Shane, Shaine or Shayne.
It is also used as a contraction of Tobin, an Irish surname now also used as a forename.
Donatas Morkūnas, Lithuanian politician, banker and lecturer
The name is an Anglicised form of a masculine given name in the Irish language.
Notable persons with that given name include:
It is derived from the Turkish noun Aslı whose meanings include original, ace, primordial, genuine, original, origin, origination, extraction, foundation, gist, groundwork, provenance, root stock.
Ryūko Seihō, Japanese sumo wrestler and actor
Daisy is also a nickname for Margaret, used because Marguerite, the French version of that name, is also a French name for the oxeye daisy.
The name has become more popular in Iran as several people with that name have become famous singers, writers and engineers.
Sławoj or Slavoj - is a Slavic given name consists of two parts: "sława/slava" - which means "fame", and "woj/voj" - which means "war, warrior".
Savannah is a feminine given name, taken from either the name of the city of Savannah, Georgia, or savanna, a large, grassy plain ecosystem.
Heike Langhans, Vocalist of metal band Draconian
Kiril has several variant forms: Cyril, Cyrill, Kirill, Kirillos, Kiryl, Kyril, Cyryl, Kyrill, Kyrylo and a diminutive Kiro.
Arnis Zaļkalns, Latvian convicted murderer and suspected murderer of a 14-year-old English girl, Alice Gross
Hedworth Jolliffe, 2nd Baron Hylton, Hedworth Hylton Jolliffe
David was adopted as a Christian name from an early period, e.g.
It is a diminutive of Slavic names beginning or ending with Mila which derived from the element Mil meaning "gracious" or "dear".
Hirotaka Suzuoki, Japanese actor and voice actor
Ģirts Līcis, a Latvian entrepreneur and television presenter
The most common anglicizations are Shevaun and Shivaun.
Masao is a masculine Japanese given name.
It is derived from the family that lived in the village of Elton in Cheshire, England.
The name day of persons named Santa is September 14.
Gerbald, bishop of Liège of the Prince-Bishopric of Liège
The saint called St George elsewhere in Europe was then called Sankt Örjan or Riddar Örjan,.
It can also be short for the male name Roberto.
Françoise Sagan, French playwright, novelist and screenwriter
Borislav Tomoski, a Macedonian international football player
Borghild is a female given name formed from "borg" and "hild".
Emmanuelle Khanh, French fashion designer and stylist
It is most commonly spelled as Jeffrey, or with one f as in Jefery.
Due to its Viking origins, the name was very popular during the 19th century and the national romantic era.
Cliff Burton, former bassist of the band Metallica
Tomohiko Tomita, Grand Steward of the Imperial Household Agency
Bijan Pakzad, noted fashion and perfume designer
In this temple the main idol is in the dancing form, which is usually called Nataraja.
Hedley Donovan, editor in chief of Time Inc.
Mihály Hesz, Hungarian sprint canoer and Olympic medalist
In Finland, Kiri name is listed in Finnish orthodox calendar.
There are variants in other languages including the Spanish and Italian Bernardo.
Antonín is a given name, the Czech variant of Antonius.
Kiyonori Saito, Japanese television actor known under his stage name Daisuke Ban
The word 'Jitendra' is actually originated from 'Jitendriya' which means "one who has conquered the senses".
Shigeki Amano, character in the manga series Magical Girl Pretty Sammy
Originally, it was exclusive to families of the Maratha and Brahmin caste.
Naomori is a masculine Japanese given name.
Yoshiyuki is a masculine Japanese given name which can also be used as a surname.
The meanings of Ryoko vary depending on which kanji is used to write the name.
The wielder of this power, or this power itself, is "Īśāna".
Variants include the Italian form Giacinta, as well as Hyacintha, Jacinda, Jacintha, and Jaxine.
Hussa bint Ahmed Al Sudairi, Saudi Arabian princess
Ronja is a feminine given name in use largely in Scandinavian countries.
Milena is a popular female given name of Slavic origin derived from word "mil" meaning "gracious", "pleasant" or "dear".
In the 1990 census, it was ranked 4,209.
Biff is a given name, a nickname or part of a stage name.
Another source indicates the name means "fighting man's estate.".
Alternative spellings include: Taliah, Taaliah, Talya, Tahlia or Taylia.
It is also found as a surname, sometimes with a prefix—such as den Adel or van Adel.
Aitor Núñez, Spanish footballer, currently playing for Cádiz CF
Mario Caldato, Jr., Brazilian-American record producer and engineer
Penelope Clearwater, in the Harry Potter novels
Toyohiko Kagawa, Japanese Christian pacifist, reformer and labor activist
The Historian Plutarch states that "the sun, which, in the Persian language, is called Cyrus".
It is instead derived from the Germanic Albereda or Alberada.
This stems from the two root parts of the name.
Hristo Stambolski, Bulgarian physician, revolutionary, statesman, and figure of the Bulgarian National Revival
It was traditionally given to girls born in September.
Kelsey was the 201st most popular name for girls born in the United States in 2007.
Chrystal, a variant spelling, was probably influenced by Greek χρυσός khrusos "gold".
Celia is a given name for females of Latin origin, as well as a nickname for Cecilia, Celeste, or Celestina.
Mitsunobu is a masculine Japanese given name.
Nicole can also be spelled as Nichole, Nicohle or Nikole.
It may also refer to the mountain Dana or Dena.The name is used in Persian for both female and male sexes.
In Irish lore, Garaidh was the son of Morna.
Mete is a deformed version of "Mo - du" which is the regional name of Modu Chanyu who was the founder of Xiongnu Empire.
Julien Gouyet, a French priest credited with discovering the House of the Virgin Mary in 1881
Patronymic surnames derived from a form of Gerard include Garrard, Garritsen, Gerard, Geertsen, Gerardet, Gerardi, Gerdes, Gerrard, Gerretsen, Gerrits(e), Gerritsen, Ghiraldi, and Giraud.
Oreste Baratieri, Italian general and governor of Eritrea
Naganao is a masculine Japanese given name.
Kristaps Lībietis, Latvian biathlete and Olympic competitor
The Scottish Gaelic Peadar is said to be reserved for the saint, and the Scottish Gaelic Pàdraig.
Isabelle Caro, a French model suffering from severe anorexia nervosa
Klodian is an Albanian male given name.
Pascale is a common Francophone given name, the feminine for the name Pascal.
Feliksas Kriaučiūnas, Lithuanian basketball player and coach
Ignacio Corleto, 21st-century Argentine Rugby Union footballer
Also from Arabic roots, its meaning is sweet basil.
It is a popular name in Serbia and Croatia.
It is recorded in Serbia since the High Middle Ages.
The name is popular in Europe, particularly in Sweden, Norway, Italy and Germany, and increasingly, in the Netherlands.
In Albanian language, it means "goodness" or "kindness".
He pointed out that 71 of 76 births of children by that name in Ireland in 1890 spelt it "Elliott."
Obdulio is a Spanish male given name.
Julien Sicot, a French Olympic freestyle swimmer
Asfaw Wossen is an Ethiopic male given name.
Oier is a masculine Basque given name of medieval origin.
The word still means clear in French in its feminine form.
Allegra Versace, heiress to the fashion house Versace
According to Patrick Woulfe, the surname is generally found in the Irish Midlands and the south of Ulster.
Antti Kalliomäki, Finnish athlete and Minister of Education
Margus Lepa, radio journalist, comedian and actor
The meaning differs based on the hanja used to write the name.
Amber has been a popular name in most English speaking countries.
The first, Rhian-, derives from British rix "king"; the second, Rhiein-, derives from a word meaning "maiden, virgin" [2]
The name James came into the English language from the Old French variation James of the late Latin name Iacomus.
The other possibility is that the Irish names are diminutive forms of the Uilliam, the Irish form of the English William.
Robine is a feminine version of the name Robin.
Benito is the Spanish form of Benedict and is both a masculine given name and a surname.
Daniel Jositsch, Swiss law professor and politician
Jaelyn is the first name of the following:
Mario Monti, Italian economist and former Prime Minister of Italy
Nora has been among the most popular girl names in Norway in the 2000s, topping the list of most popular girl names in 2012.
Jean-Marie Abgrall, a French psychiatrist, criminologist, specialist in forensic medicine, cult expert, and graduate in criminal law
Ji-hyun was the ninth-most popular name for baby girls in South Korea in 1990.
Ian was the 19th most popular male name, taking account of the whole British population.
Common diminutive forms include: Fred, Frillo, Fredde, Freddy and Rikke.
Futoshi Nakanishi, Japanese baseball player and coach
The name has evolved in different languages as a variation of several earlier names.
Cairistìona is a Scottish Gaelic female given name meaning Christian.
Petras Kubiliūnas, Lithuanian military officer and politician
In 2012 this name was the 53rd most popular boys' name in Scotland.
Bethany is a feminine given name derived from the Biblical place name Bethany, the town where Lazarus lived in the New Testament.
The name comes from the Old High German irmin, meaning world.
In September 2009, Bogaert managed to escape Qatar by sailboat and fled to Europe, where he arrived by the second half of September 2009.
It is also used as a surname.
Hanna Scheuring, Swiss actress and theatre director
For the Ed, Edd n Eddy character, see List of Ed, Edd n Eddy characters.
Hiroko Shimabukuro, Japanese musician with the stage name Hiro
Dalia Mogahed, American Muslim scholar and adviser to President Barack Obama
Many of its descended forms are August, Augusto, Austin, and Augustine.
Dan Rather, American journalist and news anchor
It is of Hebrew origin and its meaning is guardian or protected by God.
Jaagup is an Estonian masculine given name, variant of Jacob and James.
The patronymic surname of Wouter is Wouters.
Nagachika Hideyoshi, a character in Tokyo Ghoul
Shinobu is also the dictionary form of shinobi which can be combined with mono to make shinobi no mono, an alternative name of ninja.
The clan society usually accepts that the name originated from the town and river Elliot in Angus, Scotland.
Schuyler is also a surname of Dutch origin.
Alternative variant forms of names and surnames based on this name include Koruna, Korunović, Korać and Korić.
Saint Paula, a saint and follower of St. Jerome
Shigenaga is a masculine Japanese given name.
Babak is a common Persian given name for males.
Broderick is a surname which is derived from both the Irish and Welsh languages.
People with the given name Vittorio include:
Isabelle Peretz, a Professor of Psychology at the University of Montreal
It originally derives from the Proto-Celtic elements *wiros and *gustus.
Barbara is a female given name used in numerous languages.
In French, the name José, pronounced [ʒoˈze], is an old vernacular form of Joseph, which is also in current usage as a given name.
Takanori Ōyama, Japanese voice actor and actor
Pascal was introduced into England, as a personal and family name, by the Norman knights after the Conquest started in 1066.
Isabelle Delorme, a Canadian composer, pianist and music educator
Hayanari is a masculine Japanese given name.
Marģers Skujenieks, Latvian politician, former Prime Minister of Latvia
Yōsuke Eguchi, Japanese poet, actor and singer
"Dev" means God and "Ansh" means "part of" so Devanshi means a female/girl who is part of God himself.
Baghatur is also used as a masculine given name by Turkish people as Bahadır, Batur, and as in other cognate forms.
Quintino is a Latin-derived male given name meaning "the fifth".
Woolf noted that these names are all derived from the Celtic *Oinogustos.
"Trudy", originally a diminutive of "Gertrude," has developed into a name in its own right.
Hirokatsu is a masculine Japanese given name.
Modern hypocorisms include Geoff, Jeff, or Geof.
Arvo Viitanen, Finnish cross-country skier and Olympic medalist
Olusegun is a name of Yoruba origin for males, meaning "God is Victorious".
Hugues Le Bars, French film music composer
Rex Tillerson, 69th United States Secretary of State
Calvin Broadus, rapper, better known as Snoop Dogg
Ultimately the name derives from the Greek Alexandros.
Kenta, a fictional character from Hikari Sentai Maskman
Lukyan is a variant of the Latin masculine given name Lucian.
Roberts Ancāns, Latvian Obersturmführer in the Waffen SS during World War II
In Sanskrit, Deepta, means "light", "glow", "shine", "brilliant" or "a person who spreads light to people around".
Dagmar Hülsenberg, German materials scientist and university professor
Jared was used as a given name in 18th-century Anglo-Saxon Protestantism.
Radu is a relatively common Romanian given name for males.
Alicia Gorey, Australian news presenter and reporter
Hidemitsu is a masculine Japanese given name.
Soumet's choice of name for his title character may possibly have been influenced by the name of the Germanic mythological Norns.
The name uses the "ё" letter, which can be transcribed to English as "e" but still has the "yo" sound.
This is word is in turn derived from the Old English douve, from the Old Norse döfa.
Dana is a given name used for both females and males.
The name is derived from the English vocabulary word "dove".
Albin Sandqvist, Swedish electronic and dance pop singer known by mononym Albin.
It is very common in Spain and in other Spanish-speaking communities around the world and in the Philippines, and also in the Isle of Man.
The given names Jonathan, Nathanael, Mattaniah, Matthew, Dosetai, Bogdan, Ataullah, Adeodatus and Devadatta have similar meanings.
Yasuko is a Japanese women's given name.
Marina is also a Japanese name, with several variations on the kanji spelling and thus the meaning can vary.
Aki is also a Japanese surname, and also of one of the Vysya families in India.
The masculine first name Gregory derives from the Latin name "Gregorius," which came from the late Greek name "Γρηγόριος" meaning "watchful, alert".
Ratko Delorko, German pianist, composer, producer and conductor
The associated name day is August 19.
After the Norman conquest this name became common in England.
Both meanings of šāhid and šahīd have also been loaned into Hindustani and Bengali as common nouns.
Its popularity is also increased by the popularity of similar-sounding names such as Aidan, Braden, Hayden, and Jaden.
Katharina von Bora, German Catholic nun who was an early convert to Protestantism.
Tsunenori is a masculine Japanese given name.
This is a list of people named after Abraham, the Biblical patriarch; the father of the Abrahamic Religions, Judaism, Christianity and Islam:
Christine is mainly a feminine name of Greek or Egyptian origin, although it is also rarely used for males.
The most notable bearer is Saint Ludmila, a 10th-century princess from Bohemia, the grandmother of Saint Wenceslaus.
There are various variant forms of the Cyril name such as Cyrill, Cyrille, Kirill, Kiryl, Kirillos, Kyrylo, Kiril, Kiro and Kyrill.
Sumio Shiratori, Japanese composer and music producer
Travis Zajac, Canadian National Hockey League player
Ayame is a feminine Japanese given name.
It is from Abbas that Abo takes its meaning of stern or somber father.
Jaan Kaplinski, Estonian poet, philosopher, and culture critic
The Slovak name day is 13 March.
Sakae is a unisex Japanese given name.
Naritaka is a masculine Japanese given name.
Princess Helena of Waldeck and Pyrmont, Duchess of Albany
There are numerous hypocorisms or short forms in many languages, such the Finnish Veeti.
Fusako is a feminine Japanese given name.
Variant name Junious reached a peak in 1911 as the 744th most popular name and left the top 1000 list in 1923.
The name was the 31st most popular boys' name in the United States in 2011, according to the SSA.
Kōzō, Kozo or Kouzou is a masculine Japanese given name.
It is used in nicknames such as Asad Allāh one of the nicknames for Ali ibn Abi Talib.
A notable use of the name was the fictional street urchin Kimball O'Hara in Rudyard Kipling's book Kim, published in 1901.
Ramanathan is a given name for a male South Indians.
Sigitas Tamkevičius, Lithuanian archbishop of the Roman Catholic Church
Tarō can also be used as a surname.
Doralice in story 1.4 "Tebaldo and Doralice" of The Facetious Nights of Straparola by Giovanni Francesco Straparola in 1550
Anand is a name of Indian origin, derived from the Sanskrit abstract noun आनन्द, which means happiness.
The name means "lucky", "happy" or "blessed" and is related to the ancient Latvian word laime.
Mindaugas Mizgaitis, Lithuanian wrestler and Olympic medalist
Ghassan Ben Jeddou, Tunisian / Lebanese journalist
Gaston Audiffret-Pasquier, born Edme-Armand-Gaston d'Audiffret-Pasquier, French politician
Kyle is a unisex English-language given name, derived from the Scottish surname Kyle, which is itself from a placename.
The name has appeared on many monuments and inscriptions in Old Persian.
Julien Puricelli, a French rugby union player
Dagmar Berne, Australian medical doctor; first female student to study medicine in Australia
Ellen van Langen, Dutch middle distance runner
Maigonis is a Latvian masculine given name.
Juanfran is a hypocorism of the compound name Juan Francisco, it may refer to:
Stian Hole, graphic designer and children's author
The involvement of senior figures in the bakufu was suspected, but only the assassin himself was punished.
The old English translation of the name "Evan" could also be interpreted as "Heir of the Earth" or "The King".
Jānis Vītols, Latvian cyclist and Olympic competitor
Lajos Bíró, Hungarian novelist, playwright, and screenwriter
Although some of its modern forms like Alfieda can be mistaken for feminine versions of Alfred, that derives from Ælfræd.
Gianmarco is an Italian masculine given name.
Both names derive from Old English term eorl, meaning "nobleman" or "chieftain".
Yoshihito, Prince Katsura, previously known as Prince Yoshihito of Mikasa
Ryota Aikawa, Nippon Professional Baseball player for the Orix Buffaloes
Rakesh Roshan, Indian producer, director and actor
Fumika Suzuki, Japanese voice actress and gravure idol
Mihály Károlyi, Hungarian noble, politician, former Prime Minister and President
People using the name Wilfried as a given name:
Shunichi Amachi, Japanese baseball player and manager
Bohdan Danylo, Ukrainian Catholic bishop in the United States
It is a Welsh name meaning "slender."
"Tom" "Thom" or "Tommy" are abbreviations of Thomas; "Tam" is a common abbreviation used in Scotland.
Pearl can also be a surname, one which is common among Jews.
It is a name predominantly in Croatia, Lithuanian, Macedonia, Serbia, Slovenia, among others.
Przemysław is a Polish Slavic given name, meaning someone who is clever or ingenious.
Many of Poland's kings bore this name.
Demetrius Treadwell, American basketball player for Hapoel Gilboa Galil of the Israeli League Liga Leumit
In Japanese, Kai has a number of meanings, including "ocean", "shell", "restoration" and "recovery".
It is of Germanic origin dating back to the Viking Age.
Julien Perrichon, a French composer and lutenist of the late Renaissance
Chika is an Igbo name meaning 'God is supreme', it's made of the words chí 'God, universe, originator', and kà 'greater, superior'
Yūya Kaido, a supporting character from HappinessCharge PreCure!
It is the Arabic equivalent of both the Hebrew name Yossef and the English name Joseph.
Dan Wells, American author, writer of the John Cleaver Trilogy among others
There is also the record of a small inscription in Morghab on which there is the sentence in Old Persian meaning.
Yaw Frimpong, Ghanaian footballer playing in Congo
Gyatso or Gyamco is a Tibetan personal name meaning "ocean".
Hiroyuki Nishimura, founder of 2channel, owner of 4chan
Steponas Kairys, a Lithuanian engineer, nationalist, and social democrat
Graciela Fernández Meijide, Argentine politician and human rights activist
Masao Urino, Japanese lyricist, screenwriter and film director
Kirsten Prout, Canadian actress, best known for ABC Family shows, Kyle XY and The Lying Game.
Kimiko Nakamura, secondary fictional character from the TV series Heroes
Tsunemi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Other possible kanjis could be 美波, which literally means "beautiful wave", and 三波, which means "three waves".
Bulat Aqchulaqov, Kazakh deputy Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources
Gennady, also spelled Gennadi or Gennadiy, is a Russian form of a Hellenic name Gennadios/Gennadius.
Spelling variants include Terrence, Terance, Terrance, and Torrance.
Damián is a Spanish male given name, which is a form of the name Damian.
Trygve Allister Diesen, Norwegian film producer and director
It is one of many Serbian given names derived from vuk.
Raimonds Dambis, Latvian footballer and football manager
Valdemaras Chomičius, Soviet and Lithuanian basketball player
Konstantin Konstantinovich, grand duke of Russia, grandson of Nicholas I, famous Russian poet
Many notable people and characters are named Mario:
In medieval etymology, Veronica was sometimes wrongly supposed to derive from Latin vera and Greek eikon.
It is the feminine form of the masculine name Philip.
It is also currently rising in popularity in other European countries, including in France, the United Kingdom and in other English-speaking countries.
The name Ze'ev or Zeev may refer to:
Katalin Kovács Olympic medalist of Hungary is a stub.
Sukemasa is a masculine Japanese given name.
Katia Sycara, research professor in the Robotics Institute at Carnegie Mellon University
Kin'ya or Kinya is a masculine Japanese given name.
Taichi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Fujiwara Takanobu, one of the leading Japanese portrait artists of his day
Though Akira is normally used to name males, it can be a female name as well.
Marinus Boezem, Dutch sculptor and conceptual artist
Bogaert was famous in 2009 in the media for advertising himself on social media platforms and international TV stations to be kept "hostage" in Qatar.
In the United States, it is the seventh most popular male name as of 2008, according to the Social Security Administration.
Gisela is a female given name of Germanic origin.
Endel Lippmaa, Estonian physicist, academian and politician
Early traces of the name Eneko go back to Roman times, but the first certain attestation of it is from the early Middle Ages.
On the other hand, Mete is a deformed version of "Mo - du" and is also used as a masculine given name by Turkish people.
Griselda Pollock, art historian, cultural analyst and scholar
Märt is an Estonian masculine given name, a version of Martin.
The kanji 亜衣 is only associated as a proper noun, it could mean Asian clothes.
Tomris is a Turkic female name used in Turkey, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, and Kazakhstan.
in reference to Saint James the Greater, re-analysed as San Diego.
Giancarlo is an Italian given name meaning "John Charles".
It is also a feminine name in the Sanskrit language meaning "melted" or "dissolved", and is also a Hebrew name meaning "song; joy".
Villu Toots, calligrapher, book designer, educator, palaeograph and author
The female version is Kamila, equivalent to English Camilla.
Phước is a common masculine name in Vietnam.
In France, "Aaron" and especially "Aaron Cohen" is seen as a somewhat caricatured/stereotyped Jewish name.
Jadwiga, a fictional Nazi death camp mentioned in Magnum, P.I., Season 1, Episode 7, "Never Again .
It is a hypocoristic for Maria Arantzazu, a shrine of Mary, mother of Jesus, in Gipuzkoa.
Euan is also a Latin word meaning Bacchus.
In Mandarin Chinese, Kai is a common given name with one of several meanings, most often "victory", another being "open".
The name is a modern Turkish derivation of Tomyris, an ancient Iranian Massagetae queen from Central Asia.
Estelle and Estella remained popular from roughly 1880 to 1930, with a marked decline in usage since 1960.
Rex Maughan, the founder, president and CEO of Forever Living Products and Terry Labs
Myra together with its other orthographical version Mira is a feminine given name with varying meanings.
Hence it is considered auspicious under Vaastu Shastra for homes and offices to face the north-east direction.
Daniel Armand Lee, Korean-Canadian hip hop artist, songwriter and lyricist
This name could come from the Gaelic ailin, meaning "little rock".
Kwasi is an Akan day name given to a boy born on a Sunday.
Toshikatsu is a masculine Japanese given name.
It is common in the Slavic countries of Central and South Eastern Europe.
Uldis is a Latvian male given name that is a variant of the German name Ulrich, which means "powerful heritage".
Janne Wirman, Finnish keyboardist, member of Children of Bodom.
Kikuko Inoue, Japanese singer and voice actress
Urooj is a Persian and Turkish unisex name meaning "rising, mounting, exaltation, ascension".
Hiroaki is a masculine Japanese given name.
Regional variants of the name include: French: Arnaud, Arnault, Italian: Arnoldo, Dutch: Arnout, Arnoud, Portuguese: Arnoldo, Spanish: Arnaldo, Catalan: Arnau, Arnald.
The name also can be understood as The Holy Spirit symbolized in this bird.
At least 66 people with the surname died at the Jasenovac concentration camp.
Dustin is a surname and mainly masculine given name.
Noriaki Sugiyama, Japanese voice actor and actor
Veikko Turunen, Finnish Lutheran clergyman and politician
Luna  is an Italian and Spanish given name of Latin origin meaning Moon.
Nobusuke Kishi, Japanese politician and Prime Minister of Japan
Shigetada is a masculine Japanese given name.
Senkichi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Ignacio Manuel Altamirano Basilio, 19th-century Mexican writer, journalist, teacher and politician
Teruaki is a masculine Japanese given name.
Kayoko Kotohiki, a character in Battle Royale
Mareks Mejeris, a Latvian professional Latvian basketball player
The earliest known Radoslav was a 9th-century Serbian ruler.
The modern Icelandic version is Eiríkur, while the modern Faroese version is Eirikur.
Toshiki Satō, Japanese film director and screenwriter
The pearl is the birthstone for the month of June.
Jēkabs Peterss, Latvian Soviet communist revolutionary, Soviet politician and chekist
Klaas also exists as a patronymic surname, though the forms Klaasen, Klaassen, Claassen, Claessen, and Claessens are more common.
The name has also been interpreted as meaning "bold."
Due the South Indian tradition of using patronymic surnames it may also be a surname for males and females.
Slobodan Vuksanović, Serbian poet, essayist, translator and politician
Hironobu is a masculine Japanese given name.
Yoshihiko Noda, Japanese politician and Prime Minister of Japan
Slobodan Milošević, former president of Yugoslavia and Serbia
Bora is a common masculine Turkish given name.
Kira is a usually feminine given name of ancient origin and multiple etymological derivations.
By 1999, the rank had risen to 254 and by 2009 number 8 with 17,082 births.
Shūta, Shuta or Shuuta is a masculine Japanese given name.
Nadesan or Natesan is a given name for a male South Indians.
Forms of Stephanie in other languages include the German "Stefanie", the Italian, Czech, Polish, and Russian "Stefania", the Portuguese Estefânia, and the Spanish Estefanía.
Fusazane is a masculine Japanese given name.
Alexandre Alves da Silva, Brazilian football player
Gorana Čehić, member of Croatian music group Crooks & Straights
Davor Šuker, Croatian footballer, 1998 FIFA World Cup Golden Boot winner
Milena Nikolova "Milenita", Bulgarian pop and jazz singer
It has also been used to refer to ShivaIndian god.
Oladapo is a common Nigerian given name of Yoruba origin meaning "wealth has been mixed together".
Gay is a female or male given name and 1295th most common female name in the United States, according to the 1990 U.S.
Shahrokh, Shahrukh, Shahroze, or Shah Rukh is the name of a mythological bird in Iranian literature.
In English, Christopher may be abbreviated as "Chris", and sometimes "Kit".
Mihály Babák, Hungarian politician and member of the Hungarian National Assembly
It has since fallen in popularity and was ranked the 446th most popular name given to girls born in the United States in 2007.
The Scottish Gaelic and Irish Gaelic masculine given name Garaidh can be traced back to the Middle Ages.
It was made famous as Max Beerbohm's comic heroine in his novel "Zuleika Dobson".
Hirotoshi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Nariakira is a masculine Japanese given name.
Momoe is a feminine Japanese given name.
Mārtiņš Ķibilds, Latvian journalist and television personality
Balthazar P. Melick, founder of Chemical Bank
It may be written using different kanji characters as:
Kuranosuke is a masculine Japanese given name.
Ilir is an Albanian masculine given name, derived from "i lirë", which means free; it also means Illyrian.
Hirokuni is a masculine Japanese given name.
Antanas Gustaitis, Lithuanian military general, aviator and aerospace engineer
Other notable people with the name Khadija include:
Miyumi is a Japanese feminine given name.
Marko Marin, German football player of Bosnian Serb origin
It was also borne by several early saints, including the legendary Saint Julian the Hospitaller.
Julien Perrin, a French professional football player
She was one of the only three female African judges at the ICC.
Julien Friedler, a Belgian writer and contemporary artist
Baiba is a feminine Latvian given name.
Yet other sources claim that the Scottish surnames originate from the Ellot Scottish border-clan, from a transformation of the name Elwold.
Popularity for the name has since declined with its latest rating of 110th in 2009.
Mu means box while sa is wood.
Famous people with the given name Jean:
Arun is a male given name among Hindus and Cambodians.
Julien Edmund Victor Gaujot, an American Army Medal of Honor recipient
In reference to the biblical story, Abel is usually linked with his brother who killed him, as Cain and Abel.
Penelope Stout, early white settler of Monmouth County, New Jersey
In English-speaking countries however, Kristen is now usually a female name, used as an alternative spelling of Kristin, a Scandinavian form of Christine.
Vladimir Radusinović, nicknamed Radule, singer and guitarist
Lito Atienza, full name José Livioko Atienza, Jr., a.k.a.
Mihály Bertalanits, Slovene cantor, teacher, and poet in Hungary
It is a Gaelicised form of the Old Norse Røgnvaldr, Rǫgnvaldr, Rögnvaldr.
In modern times especially the name has sometimes been given with intentionally nonstandard spelling, such as "Stevan" or "Stevon".
Reşat Ekrem Koçu, Turkish writer and historian
The name is a relatively modern one and was occasionally used in England from about the 16th century and on.
'Mehr' in turn derives from Avestan Mithra, the Zoroastrian divinity and hypostasis of covenant.
The feminine form Simona is popular in Bulgaria, Italy, Macedonia and other Balkan and Slavic countries.
Calvin Ripken, Jr., former Major League Baseball player
Katsuyuki is a masculine Japanese given name.
Emmanuelle is a French feminine given name.
Matsura Takanobu, 16th-century Japanese samurai and 25th hereditary lord of the Matsura clan of Hirado
Divós was suspended between July 2001 and July 2003.
Nobuhiko Obayashi, Japanese film director screenwriter and editor
Miyako Shiina, Maji de Watashi ni Koi Shinasai!
Forrest F. Dryden, President of Prudential Insurance Company of America
Bunjiro "Bunji" Bennett, a character in the animated TV series Bionic Six
Similar diminutives in other languages include: Rosa becoming Rosita in Spanish, and Ruža becoming Ružica in Slavic languages.
Julien Le Roy, a Parisian clockmaker and watchmaker
It is the modern form of either Old Norse Yngvi or of Ingwin.
It can be used as either a given name or surname.
These English names are etymologically unrelated to Gráinne.
Gianluca Bortolami – Italian former road cyclist
It was commonly used in medieval England, but became rare after the Restoration, because of the unpopularity of Oliver Cromwell.
Oscar or Oskar is a masculine given name derived from either Irish or Proto-Germanic.
Jade was the 232nd most common name for girls in England and Wales in 2007.
Julien Brulé, a French archer who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics
Katarina Kosača-Kotromanić, was Queen of Bosnia as the wife of King Stephen Thomas, the penultimate Bosnian sovereign
It is a cognate of the English name Victor and may refer to:
The name Francine was most popular in France itself during the 1940s, and was well used in the United States during the 1940s and 1950s.
The common English feminine forms of the name are Harriet and Henrietta.
Hirotoki is a masculine Japanese given name.
James H. Donovan, Republican politician, former New York State Senator
Mario Tremblay, Quebec professional ice hockey player and coach
It's sometimes considered a feminine form of Alan.
Kaljo Raid, Estonian composer, cellist and pastor.
"giving a marriage feast to his many kinsfolk for his noble son and daughter within his house.
As a first name, Jacques is often phonetically converted to English as Jacob, Jake, or Jack.
The word is a compound of paṅka 'mud' and the suffix -ja 'born from, growing in'.
Ludwig Aschoff, a German physician and pathologist
Itsuko is a feminine Japanese given name.
Salome is a feminine name derived from the Hebrew word shalom, meaning "peace."
There is a feminine Spanish, Portuguese and Italian form, Fernanda.
Dan Jansen, American speed skater, Olympic gold medalist
In German, Dutch, Czech, Slovenian, Romanian and Scandinavian languages the form "Felix" is the same as English.
Genevieve is a female given name of Germanic or Celtic origin.
Keisuke Miyagi, character in The Karate Kid series
Michihiro is a masculine Japanese given name.
The name days for Irma are February 19, April 7, November 14, September 18, March 31, May 3, October 13, and October 25.
Aden is an Arabic, Hebrew male name, used most commonly in Somalia.
Keiki is both a feminine and a masculine Japanese given name.
After the folding of Gaea Japan in 2005, Maeda became a freelancer, though closely affiliating herself with the Oz Academy promotion.
The element ča is a Slavic root meaning "to await" or "to look forward to", expressing the idea that the child is an eagerly awaited gift.
It is a Germanic name deriving from two stems: Rod or Hrōð, meaning "fame", and olf meaning "wolf".
Jayda, a spelling variant, was the 262nd most popular name for girls born in 2007 in the United States.
Linnea Johnson, born 1946, American poet and feminist writer
Blake was the name of one of the 14 Tribes of Galway in Ireland.
Summer Gleeson, from Batman: The Animated Series
Emerson, a given name that may refer to:
Others, such as  AYZ-ling,  ASS-ling and  AYSS-ling, do not follow the Gaelic pronunciation.
Hala is both a Muslim and Christian female given name meaning "halo".
Tauno Tiusanen, Finnish professor emeritus of University of Glasgow and Lappeenranta University of Technology
It has been suggested that the name may originate from older German "gris hild", meaning "dark battle".
It is a shortened form of the Hebrew name יְהוֹחָנָן, meaning "God is gracious", and uncommon as a surname.
Kathryn Leigh Scott, American television and film actress known for her roles in the soap opera Dark Shadows
Mareks Jurevičus, a Latvian professional basketball player
Shun'ichi or Shunichi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Kayla Bashore Smedley, American field hockey player
Hilde Synnøve Lid, Norwegian Olympic freestyle skier
Ilmari Vesamaa, track and field athlete and Olympic competitor
The Old Norse spelling Geirr is also rarely given.
Shigenori is a masculine Japanese given name.
Aija is a feminine Latvian given name and may refer to:
It is also used as a given name in Russian, and sometimes a surname.
Nathaniel is a given name derived from the Greek form of the Hebrew נְתַנְאֵל, meaning "God has given".
Some spellings have two ds, but maintain the same pronunciation.
Ken'ichi or Kenichi is a very common masculine Japanese given name.
Dan Donovan, singer/songwriter, guitarist for Tribe of Dan
Bauyrzhan is a name coming from the Kazakh language.
Notable persons with that given name include:
According to medieval legends this was the name of Potiphar's wife in the Bible.
The second origin is from Latin carmen, which means "song," "tune," or "poem" and is also the root of the English word charm.
It is a cognate of the North Germanic names Karl and Carl and the French and English Charles.
Aqeel Khan, Pakistani Bussinessman from Dreams Network & Technology Ltd.
The given name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.
Earl Dittman, American film critic and publisher
Ernő Goldfinger, Hungarian-born British architect and furniture designer
Lucy is also an American, Australian, Canadian, English, Irish, Scottish, Welsh and French surname.
Nicknames include Jonny, Jon, Jono, Jon Boy and Jona.
Hannah Hart, American internet personality, comedian, actress and author
Gerard is a male forename of Proto-Germanic origin, variations of which exist in many Germanic and Romance languages.
This name is used on both males and females, though it is primarily a masculine name.
Mihály Táncsics, Hungarian writer, teacher, journalist and politician
It was created by the Swedish author Astrid Lindgren for her 1981 children's book Ronja Rövardotter.
This name was coined by the Hungarian poet Mihály Vörösmarty in the 19th century in his work Csongor és Tünde.
The masculine name is a Latinized Greek form of the Greek name Heron.
In the Ferdowsi's story of Rostam and Sohrab, Hooman, a Turani warrior is in charge of keeping Rostam's presence in the battle a secret from Sohrab.
In the United States, the name was most popular from 1950 to 1970, when it was among the 20 most popular names for girls.
In the United States, "Lily" became one of the top-100 names for newborn girls in 2002 and reached a rank of 18 by 2009.
In Slovenia and Croatia, it is used as a feminine form of Nikola or Nikolaj.
Because the letter R is a sun letter, the letter l of the al- is assimilated to it.
Shiloh Walker, American author of erotic romance novels and novellas
Sa‘id is a male Arabic given name, which means "happy".
It is a common name in Arab and Muslim populations in general, as well as in Spanish-speaking countries.
It comes from the Old Germanic name Hunfrid, which means "friend of the hun".
Ismaël, the stage name of Jean-Vital Jammes, French opera singer
Oğuz Türks are the southwestern branch of Turkish clan system.
Cassidy is a given name derived from an Irish surname and ultimately from the Gaelic given name Caiside, meaning "clever" or "curly-haired."
Gwyneth Hughes, British screenwriter and documentary director
Janet is a feminine given name meaning "Little Joan".
The Swedish name day for Bodil and for Boel is 26 January.
Aldis Bērziņš, a Latvian-American volleyball player and Olympic medalist
Kannan is a given name for a male Tamils.
Tauno Lampola, Finnish modern pentathlete and Olympic competitor
Kendra is a moderately popular female first name, ranking 403 out of 4275 for females of all ages in the 1990 U.S. Census.
Alec or Aleck is a form of Alex, a given name related to Alexander.
Some myths tell that prophet Mohamad's servant was called Nadeem and he would be the one roaming around serving guests water or tea.
The given name Doug is a common short form variant of Douglas.
Andrejs Kapmals, Latvian track and field athlete and Olympic competitor
Giedrius Gustas, Lithuanian basketball point guard and shooting guard
Hideji is a masculine Japanese given name.
The German name Linde was originally an abbreviated form of older names such as Dietlinde and Sieglinde.
It is most common in Poland and Croatia.
Fumie is a feminine Japanese given name.
Per Bergsland, Norwegian pilot, prisoner of war, and escapee from Stalag Luft III
Joana Glaza - the Lithuanian lead singer of rock group Joana and the Wolf
Jodocus, sometimes Josse, Joos, Joost, Joest, Jost, or Jobst is a given name and a family name.
Philippa of Hainault, queen consort of Edward III of England
The Ancient Greeks pronounced it hay-rō, while English speakers pronounce it HEER-o.
Lilou is a French female given name.
Teimuraz is a Georgian male name derived from the Persian Tahmuras, a name of the legendary "third shah of the world" according to Ferdowsi’s Shahnameh.
Franz is a German name and cognate of the given name Francis.
A variant of the Norwegian name is Thormod.
It can be seen as a cognate of Mary in Danish, Finnish, Norwegian or Swedish.
Initially, it was a favorite name among the Greeks but it flourished in all of Europe after the First Crusade.
Chinami is a feminine Japanese given name.
Jānis Cimze, Latvian pedagogue, collector and harmoniser of folk songs and organist
Kimmo Kiljunen, member of the Finnish parliament
Katalin is a feminine given name and it is a Hungarian variant from Catherine.
Many sources also claims that this is a Polish name due to its Nordic origins.
Katherine, Crown Princess of Yugoslavia, originally Αικατερίνη, is the wife of Alexander, Crown Prince of Yugoslavia
Ausma is a Latvian given name, borne by over 4000 individuals in Latvia.
Genzō Wakayama, Japanese voice actor and disc jockey
Other possible romanizations of the name include Ryosuke and Ryousuke.
Régis Loisel, French comics writer and artist
Mārtiņš Rubenis, Latvian luger and Olympic medalist
Enzo is an Italian given name derivative of Heinz, a form of Henry.
Sania is a Hindu/Urdu Indian feminine given name, which means "brilliant", "radiant" and "splendid".
It appears in the New Testament of Christianity variously as Priscilla and Prisca, a female leader in early Christianity.
Mārtiņš Freimanis, Latvian musician, singer, songwriter, actor and TV personality
Iraj Attygalle, Sri Lankan / Australian Legend
Ewan is a male given name, most common throughout Scotland and Canada, due to the influence of Scots in that country.
Helen of Troy is a character in Greek mythology.
a character in the Fur Fighters video game
Thorolf is an Old Norse masculine personal name.
In Portuguese and Spanish-speaking countries, the name Patricia is common as well, pronounced [paˈtrisja], while in Italy Patrizia is the form, pronounced [paˈtritstsja].
It is among the top ten names for boys born in Basque Country.
Yojiro Uetake, Japanese wrestler and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling
Naozumi Takahashi, Japanese singer and voice actor
Ibrahima Moctar Sarr, Mauritanian journalist and politician
Fumihiko is a masculine Japanese given name.
It is considered as the equivalent to Latin Amadeus, Greek Theophil and German Gottlieb.
It is a male name which finds its origin in Hebrew and literally means "lifted by Yahweh".
It is also sometimes a nickname for Tamara, as an alternative to Tammy.
Antanas Guoga, Lithuanian-born Australian businessman and professional poker player
June Chadwick, an English actress best known for her role in the scien television series V: The Series
Mitsugi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Reiko Kudo, a Japanese singer with the group Maher Shalal Hash Baz
Gökhan is a Turkish forename meaning "ruler of the sky" related to Tengrism.
The names are the Latin equivalents of the Bulgarian name 'Стоян' and the Greek name Eustáthios, meaning the same, not changing, standing.
Simin is a Persian feminine given name meaning silvery.
It remained well-used throughout the 1980s and into the mid-1990s.
Hannelore is a German female given name, which is a combination of two names:
Iemasa is a masculine Japanese given name.
Eduardo Pérez Bulnes, Argentine politician, one of the signatories of the Declaration of Independence
Additionally, "Tara" is also a common male or female name meaning "star".
The given name is a transferred use of the surname.
Uemura Masahisa, Japanese pastor, theologian and critic
Bojana Radulović, a Yugoslav and Hungarian handballer
The first recorded use of Imogen is by Shakespeare for a British princess in his play Cymbeline.
It was rare in any country until it became fashionable in West Germany, Austria and Switzerland in the 1950s to 1970s.
Jackson is a common surname of English and Scottish origin.
Yuichi Nakagaichi, former volleyball player from Japan
Jack  is a male given name, although in some cases it can be used as a female given name, and sometimes as a surname.
Lars-Åke Lagrell, Swedish sports personality; President of the Swedish Football Association
The variant pronunciation of this name as  is commonly confused by English-speakers with both the masculine Seóirse and the feminine Saoirse.
It is currently among the most popular names for baby boys in India, Pakistan and Indonesia.
Marissa is a female name typically used in western civilization.
Mosuke is a masculine Japanese given name.
Jadzia, a humanoid host of Dax, a symbiont on Star Trek: Deep Space 9
Lex, in the game Fire Emblem: Genealogy of the Holy War
Kaspars Znotiņš, Latvian stage and film actor
Andris Riherts, Latvian footballer and football manager
The name is derived from the Ancient Greek name Artemios, the name of the saint Artemius, derived from the name of the goddess Artemis.
The personal name Chelsea is a 20th-century coinage and is also pronounced ,  or , and sometimes spelled Chelsie or Chelsey.
Seiji Kameda, Japanese musician and record producer
It is the Danish cognate of the name Paul.
Ojārs Siliņš, is a Latvian professional basketball player
In the Serbian epic poetry, the wolf is a symbol of fearlessness.
Sorin is a Romanian masculine name that originates from the noun soare, which means "Sun".
Yoshihisa Ishida, retired male shot putter and hammer thrower from Japan
Allie is a unisex given name, a nickname and, more rarely a surname.
Takanobu Otsubo, Japanese long-distance runner who specialises in the half marathon
Kendra is a female name of disputed origins.
Similar to the name Richard, "Robert" is also a common name in many Germanic languages, including English, German, Dutch, Norwegian, Swedish, Danish, and Icelandic.
Simon is a common name, from Hebrew שִׁמְעוֹן Šimʻôn, meaning "listen".
Saint Estelle was a martyr who purportedly lived in Aquitania in the third century AD although the earliest references to her date from the Middle Ages.
Chiyoko is a feminine Japanese given name.
Kana Ueda, Japanese singer and voice actress
It may be from the Germanic name Genowefa meaning Woman of the race.
Ilir Meta, Albanian politician, Prime Minister of Albania from 1999 to 2002
Sobiesław is a very old Slavic given name, mostly common among the West Slavs.
Alana or Elana can also be the female name in an English translation of Elan which in Hebrew means "oak tree".
Augustine is a masculine given name derived from the Latin word augere, meaning "to increase."
Karnad is a place in southern part of India around 30 kilometres north from Mangalore city at NH-66.
It means "covered warrior" People with the name Verner include:
Ignacio Bernal, 20th-century Mexican anthropologist and archaeologist
Daniel Kahneman, Israeli psychologist and Nobel laureate
Kazuaki is a masculine Japanese given name.
In Turkish, "Mete" means "brave", "galahad", "hero", "valiant", and/or "gallant".
Some of the known bearers of this name are:
To a tribe known as Yoruba in Nigeria, Aya also means wife.
The name passed to Italian as Agnese, to Portuguese as Inês, and to Spanish, as Inés.
It is also a popular given name in Japan.
Jale is a common feminine given name of Persian and Turkish origin, used in Iran and Turkey, meaning hail stone.
Mihály Káthay, Hungarian soldier and noble, Chancellor of Transylvania
Jaak Panksepp, Estonian-American psychologist, psychobiologist and neuroscientist
For example, Chelsea, Manhattan, takes its name from a Federal-style house in the area which had been named after the manor of Chelsea, London.
Arvīds Jurgens, Latvian footballer, ice hockey, basketball and bandy player
Ganesh Prasad Singh, member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India
Louise and Luise are, respectively, French and German feminine forms of Louis.
Lady Penelope Creighton-Ward, a puppet character from the 1960s television program Thunderbirds
The earliest recorded famous bearer of the name was a tenth-century Saint Wolfgang of Regensburg.
It can also be seen as a combination of Marie and Anne.
Junichiro Koizumi, Japanese politician and Prime Minister of Japan
The name Lola is also common in Africa; in Nigeria, many feminine names are shortened to Lola, such as Temilola, Omolola or Damilola.
Céline, sometimes spelled Celine, is a French female first name of Greek origin, meaning "moon".
Rushdi is a masculine Arabic given name, it may refer to:
Kōichirō or Koichiro is a masculine Japanese given name.
Toivo Koljonen, Finnish criminal, last Finn executed for a civilian crime
Milorad Bajović, a former Montenegrin football player.
Kanagasabai is a combination of two Tamil words, kanagam meaning gold and sabai meaning court.
Candido is both a given name and a surname.
Danilo is a male given name meaning "God is my judge" in Hebrew.
As of December 31, 2005, there were 585 persons in Sweden named Borghild.
It is derived from two possible sources; from the Latvian word valdīt or as a shortened form of Valdemārs.
Kadia as surname is used at least 349 times in at least 13 countries.
Ilan, is a Jewish surname and masculine given name, which means "tree" or "oak tree" in the Hebrew language.
Bojan Neziri, Serbian football player of Albanian descent
Julien Lorthioir, a French professional football player
Rytis Vaišvila, Lithuanian basketball player and coach
It is a compound of curt- ″court″ and -eis ″-ish″.
In German, Dutch and Scandinavian languages it is spelled Katja.
Clare was the main English form of the name used in the Middle Ages, but the Latin spelling Clara became more popular in the 19th century.
Hector is an English, French, Scottish, and Spanish given name.
Andrius Mamontovas, Lithuanian rock musician, songwriter, actor and record producer
It came into use along with other gemstone names during the late Victorian era.
Robert John Eden, 3rd Baron Auckland, Bishop of Bath and Wells
Eero Hynninen, Finnish sprint canoer and Olympic competitor
Notable persons with this given name include:
Fumiaki is a masculine Japanese given name.
Emre Aracı, Turkish music historian, conductor, composer
Possible spellings of Yuki include 雪, 由紀, 由貴, 由岐, 友紀, and 有希.
Shosuke Kurakane, pen-name of Torao Kurakane, Japanese manga artist
Michiro Sato, Japanese composer, singer and musician
Tetsuharu is a masculine Japanese given name.
However, according to Benjamin Hudson, the Norse Brodir is not a proper Norse name at all.
Benny or Bennie is a given name or a shortened version of the given name Benjamin, or less commonly, Benedict, Bennett, Bernice, Ebenezer or Bernard.
The origin of the name Edilma is Greek and means "Remains Young".
Ryunosuke Ibuki, character in video game and anime series Hakuouki
Saint Cyril of Alexandria was a 5th-century theologian.
Jānis Karlivāns, Latvian decathlete and Olympic competitor
Uģis is a Latvian masculine given name and may refer to:
The name is common amongst all South Slavic countries in the Balkans, namely Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Macedonia and Serbia.
Johan Frandsen, frontman for cult Swedish band, The Knockouts
Anton is a common given name throughout Europe.
Viljo Tuompo, Finnish military Major General and Lieutenant General
Johan Liebert, the antagonist in Naoki Urasawa's manga and anime series Monster
Arlo is a given name for males.
Pranas Morkūnas, Lithuanian translator and Dadaist poet
Miwako is a feminine Japanese given name.
Philippa of Lancaster, English princess, consort queen of Portugal
Kaarel Robert Pusta, Estonian politician and former Minister of Foreign Affairs of Estonia
Its French form, also a common name in French, is Édith.
These may also be short for the unrelated name Prudence.
Brennan and Braonán are masculine given names, Brennan is also a feminine given name.
Judith appeared in the Old Testament as the wife of Esau and in the Apocryphal Book of Judith.
Yoshinori Watanabe, kumicho of the Yamaguchi-gumi, Japan's largest yakuza organization
Masatoshi is a masculine Japanese given name.
The name Wendy is sometimes considered a variation of the name Wanda.
Ilaria is the popular Italian and Spanish feminine form, while Ilario is the Italian masculine one.
June McCarroll, a nurse who is credited with the idea of painting lines on highways to separate lanes
Polina is a Russian feminine given name.
Ludwig is an Old High German given name.
In medieval times, the meaning was associated with the Christian concept of being spiritually born again through baptism.
Sakai Tadayuki, Japanese daimyo of the mid to late Edo period, who ruled the Obama Domain
Marko Tajčević, Croatian and Serbian composer and musician
Beatrix is a Latin name meaning "she who makes happy".
Thamsanqa is a given name, from the Xhosa and Zulu word meaning 'blessing(s)' 'fortune' or 'luck'.
Zoe is a female first name, originally from the Greek.
Verity is a female first name and a surname.
Yuka and Yūka are feminine Japanese given names.
Philippson or Phillipson may refer to:  
Peri is a given name and surname in various cultures.
Aitor Larrazábal, Spanish retired footballer who played for Athletic Bilbao
It is often confused with the name 'Myrna', which is not Slavic in origin, but Celtic and means "beloved", also "tender".
Agnes was the third most popular name for women in the English speaking world for more than 400 years.
Donovan Slacks, leader of a militant British fishermen's uprising in the 1920s
Variant forms of Connor include Conor and Conner.
In the Spanish-speaking world, it is accented Lía.
Pascal is a common masculine Francophone given name, cognate of Italian name Pasquale, Spanish name Pascual, Catalan name Pasqual.
There are several names with the suffix "Nissa" like Mehrun-nissa,Zebun-nisa, the name "Nissa" can be used independently and written as "Nissa", "Nisa", "Nysa", "Neesa" and "Nessa".
A pet form of Dougal is Dougie.
Donovan McNabb, American football player, quarterback for the Washington Redskins
Shūsuke, Shusuke or Shuusuke is a masculine Japanese given name.
Jūtarō, Jutaro or Juutarou is a masculine Japanese given name.
Leopold Auer Hungarian violinist, conductor, and composer
Equivalents in other languages include Henry, Enrico, Henrik, Henri, Enrique or Henrique among others.
Julien Rodriguez, a French professional football player
The name is derived from the South Slavic word zlato - from the Old Slavic root zolto.
Ilir Hoxha, son of former Albanian leader Enver Hoxha
In Swedish it is pronounced like "Chell".
Its meaning in Hebrew is "one who supplants" or more literally "one who grabs at the heel".
The Pari in Persian mythology are described to be a race of beautiful and benevolent supernatural fairy beings, earlier regarded as malevolent.
People with the given name Howard or its variants include:
Takao Obana, Japanese baseball player and manager
Nobuhiko is a masculine Japanese given name.
Māra is a Latvian feminine given name.
Ludovic is a given name and has also been a surname.
Similarly, it might refer specifically to Corb, one of the legendary Fomorians of Irish mythology.
In 2011, the name was given to 12 newborn girls in the United States and to 15 newborn boys.
Shervin was also the name of several princes in the ancient Tabarestan region of Iran, including a grandfather of the author of Marzbannameh.
Since then it has increased in popularity and ranked at No.
Marcus Antonius, ally of Caesar, triumvir and afterwards enemy of Augustus.
In Latin Christianity, the Greek form Mariam was adopted as latinate Maria.
Yasutaka Nagai, pen-name of Baku Nagai, Japanese writer
In Russia Ким is also a diminutive/nickname of Ioakim after Joachim.
Adem is a masculine given name common in Turkey.
In the Nordic countries, Laila or Lajla is derived from the Sami name Láilá, the Sami variant of Helga which means holy.
Philippe Bogaert is a marketing strategist specialised in corporate communication and digital lead generation.
The name is very popular in Bulgaria and Serbia
It consists of two parts Manu which means heaven in old Persian language and Chehr which means face.
Alejandra is the Spanish form of the Greek female given name Alexandra, and is also the female version of the male names Alejandro and Alexander.
Isabelle Carbonell, a Belgio-Uruguayan documentary photographer and filmmaker
In Latvia, the name Aina means "view, sight", and is a variant of the male name Ainārs.
The original Irish Gaelic and Scottish Gaelic form of the name is Seán.
It mainly originates as a short form of Honora, a common Anglo-Norman name, ultimately derived from the Latin word Honor.
The name of the castle is probably an anglicization of an originally Gaelic name, perhaps leas celyn "holly-garden".
Shuntarō or Shuntaro is a masculine Japanese given name.
Antipope Laurentius, antipope of the Roman Catholic Church
It is a diminutive form of the English language given name Rose, which is of Latin origin.
People with the name or its variants include:
It is not very common in the US, and is found there predominantly among the American Jewish community.
In 2011, it had a population of 11,829.
Aili has also been used as an anglicised spelling of Eilidh, in this case with the pronunciation [eɪli].
Thanassis Lefas, 20th and 21st century motorcycle engineer
Ilmari Pernaja, Finnish gymnast and Olympic medalist
Terauchi Masatake, Japanese military officer, politician and Prime Minister of Japan
Candy Candido, American actor and bass player
Fida, is an Arabic name given meaning redemption.
Françoise de Foix, mistress of Francis I of France
The origin of the word comes from Ay.
Kalli Bjarni aka Kalli Bjarni, Icelandic singer and winner of Idol Stjörnuleit
Mihály Vasas, Hungarian football player and coach
Variants include Adisson, Adison, Addisyn, Addyson, Addeson, and Adyson.
Takuma Tsurugi, a character in the film series The Street Fighter
The name is known in Norway from the late 19th century.
Ellen Pao, American lawyer, former CEO of Reddit
Hervey Frederick, Earl of Bristol and Bishop of Derry
In the Maltese language "Naħla" means Bee
Caterina Valente, Italian-born singer, dancer, and actress
Mario Benedetti, Uruguayan journalist, novelist, and poet
Kakichi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Giovanna is an Italian feminine first name.
What is the essence of your wish?”.
Fusanosuke is a masculine Japanese given name.
Kazuo is a masculine Japanese given name.
Patronymic surname Radonjić is derived from Radonja.
Antanas Škėma, Lithuanian writer, stage actor and director
Another version of Attila used in Turkish is Atilla.
It was invented and first used by the Scottish poet James Macpherson, author of the Ossian poems which he claimed were translations from ancient Gaelic sources.
It is the French version after Saint Florentia, Roman martyr under Diocletian.
Megalomartyr Artemios of Antioch, feast day on November 2 [2]
In Turkish, "Selçuk" means "eloquent", "silver-tongued", and/or "golden-mouthed".
In Italian, the equivalent to "Andrew" is "Andrea", though "Andrea" is feminine in most other languages.
It gained even more popularity in the 1970s—Jennifer was the single most popular name for newborn American girls every single year from 1970 to 1984, inclusive.
The name is derived from merging two common Sanskrit/Tamil words supri-ya, meaning "good" or "dear," and mani-ya, meaning jewel; the name translates loosely as "worthy jewel".
An artificial harbor can have deliberately constructed breakwaters, sea walls, or jettys, or they can be constructed by dredging, which requires maintenance by further periodic dredging.
Akira is also an Indian female name derived from Sanskrit meaning "graceful strength".
Hugues Tshiyinga Mafo, Democratic Republic of Congo sprinter
Joaquim Pimenta de Castro, Portuguese military officer and politician
Thereby, Vishwajeet can be loosely translated as 'conqueror of the universe'.
Chōei or Choei is a masculine Japanese given name.
The name is based on the Latin word for "triple", Trena, and is occasionally used in reference to the Trinity.
Jan Claudius de Cock, Belgian painter, sculptor, and printmaker
Santa is a Latvian feminine given name.
Kōichi or Koichi or Kouichi is a common masculine Japanese given name.
Teruyuki is a masculine Japanese given name.
Hijikata Toshizō, Japanese swordsman and Shinsengumi commander
Shigekazu Shimazaki, Imperial Japanese Navy admiral and naval aviator
Régis Laguesse, French association football player and coach
Ģirts is a Latvian masculine given name and may refer to:
It originated as the Germanic Raginmund or Reginmund.
Friedemann Friese, a German board game designer
Shigeyuki is a masculine Japanese given name.
Gofraid/Gofhraidh was sometimes also used for Guðrøðr.
It comes from the Greek word Γεωργιος, meaning farmer.
It is common both as a given name and a surname.
Vidmantas is a Lithuanian masculine given name and may refer to the following individuals:
From Indian's language Sanskrit which means truth, true.
Ellen 't Hoen, Dutch lawyer and Médecins sans Frontières director
It continues to be popular in Scotland, as well.
Kazuto, Japanese guitarist, member of the rock band High and Mighty Color
Adriana, also spelled Adrianna, is a Latin name and feminine form of Adrian.
In Turkish, "Filiz" means "Burgeon" and/or "Cion".
Chiho is a feminine Japanese given name.
Stacy, sometimes spelled Stacey, Staci, Staecy, or Stacie, is a common unisex first name for women, and occasionally men.
This unusual name surfaced into the public in Britain in the mid-1970s, with the publicity for yachtsman Chay Blyth.
Vittorio Emanuele, Count of Turin, grandchild of King Victor Emmanuel II
Nanasawa Kimiko, main character from the webcomic Megatokyo
Hart D. Fisher, American author and writer
AArt is the eleventh album to be released by smooth jazz band Acoustic Alchemy.
İlkay is a common unisex Turkish given name.
Mario Armando Lavandeira Jr., better-known as Perez Hilton, celebrity gossip blogger
Kelsey is a given name meaning "from the ship's island".
Jepsen is a Danish-Norwegian patronymic surname meaning "son of Jep".
Milorad Nedeljković, a Serbian economist and Axis-collaborating politician
All the derivatives from vuk were regarded as apotropaic names.
Isla St Clair, Scottish actress and singer
The form Dejaniš is also found in the 14th century.
Mitsuki is the Japanese word for "three months".
Hiroto is a masculine Japanese given name.
In the mid-1990s, Jade was among the top 25 most popular names for girls in England and Wales.
Annetta is a Latinate variant of the feminine given name Anna.
Petras Klimas, Lithuanian diplomat, author and historian
Hideo Iwakuro, World War II Imperial Japanese Army general
The male name Alf or Alv is derived from álf, the Old Norse for "elf".
Mona is a female, and sometimes male, given name and a surname of multiple origins.
In the 1480 militia list it is spelt mostly Said, but was later variously written Said, Sayd, Sajt, Sait in the Catholic church census of 1687.
It was popularized by Anthony Ashley Cooper, 1st Earl of Shaftesbury 1621–1683.
It can be a short form of:
Satō Tetsutarō, Japanese military theorist and Imperial Japanese Navy admiral
In Israel, "Yoni" is a common nickname for Yonatan in the same way Jonny is for Jonathan in English.
Vaidas Mizeras, Lithuanian sprint canoer and Olympic competitor
Olivia has been a popular name throughout the English-speaking world since the mid-1990s.
In Hindi, Samar is a male name and means "war" from the Sanskrit Samara.
Ceyda is a Turkish female given name, meaning "tall and beautiful woman".
Zaiga Jansone, Latvian tennis player and coach
At present, it is common in Portuguese.
Filipa de Lencastre, English princess, consort queen of Portugal
Milivoj Solar, a Croatian literary theoretician, literary historian, essayist and a university professor
The name was introduced to England by the Normans.
Ellery is a given name, and may refer to:
Yukimasa is a masculine Japanese given name.
Aldis Eglājs, a Latvian sailboat designer and builder
It may also be written as Shaahinrokh or Avestan Saeenrokh..
Lynette, a shopkeeper in the video game series Soul
It is the oldest surviving English place-name in the U.S. and the fourth oldest surviving English place name, though it is Latin in form.
Maia, stage name of Colombian singer Mónica Andrea Vives Orozco
The doll, which has a tie-in book series, movies, and a number of accessories, was introduced in the United States in 1991.
Ernő Schwarz, Hungarian-born American soccer player, coach and promoter
Earl Van Dorn, former U.S Army officer
Reiko Sato, an American dancer and actress
Kenta Kitagawa, a fictional character from Digimon Tamers
Meanwhile, Arabic-speaking Christians would use يسوع Yasū‘, a more phonetic translation of Jesus.
In most other languages it is a name in its own right.
Jake is a masculine given name derived from Jacob.
Behrooz Astaneh, Iranian Doctor, and medical journal editor
Satoshi is generally a masculine Japanese given name.
Earl Hickey, fictional character in the TV series My Name Is Earl
Priscilla, an early Christian of the New Testament and companion to Paul the Apostle; see Priscilla and Aquila
It was also popular in the Victorian era due to The Princess Alice, a daughter of Queen Victoria.
Aarne Pohjonen, Finnish gymnast, competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics
It is derived from the same root š-h-d.
Ellen S. Baker, American physician and astronaut
Notable people with the surname Irbe include:
Mimori is a feminine Japanese given name.
Emerson Fittipaldi, Brazilian Formula One race car driver.
Hiromu Naruse, Japanese test driver and engineer
Both names derive from the Latin Michael referring to archangel Michael, and originally derive from the biblical Hebrew name מיכאל meaning "Who is like God?
The name can be Latinised as Grania; and can be Anglicised as Granya.
It is also popular in English language countries, although less common than the shortened variation 'Mark', associated with the Gospel writer Mark the Evangelist.
Ernő Kovács, Hungarian mechanical technician and politician
In English, it is sometimes rendered Harvey or Hervey.
Ekrem is a Turkish form of the Arabic given name Akram, meaning "kind," "generous," or "benevolent."
Toivo Ovaska, Finnish speed skater and Olympic competitor
In the United States, Jacinta is a common feminine first name, ranking 1748 out of 4275 for women of all ages in the 1990 U.S. Census.
In the United Kingdom, its popularity peaked during the 1970s, when it was frequently among the 10 most popular female names.
Julien Benneteau, a French professional tennis player
Boran is a common masculine Turkish given name.
The Scottish Gaelic Seumas is pronounced /ʃeːməs/.
Haakon was the name of seven kings of Norway.
It is the feminine form of the name "Dragan," which comes from the Slavic element dorogo/drago, which means "precious".
Before the Norman conquest, the Anglo-Saxons used the corresponding variant Ælf-rīc.
Chiharu is a common feminine Japanese given name which is occasionally used by men.
Hilde is one of several female given names derived from the name Hild formed from Old Norse hildr, meaning "battle".
Jānis Pauļuks, Latvian politician, former Prime Minister of Latvia
Other Scandinavian variants of Per are Pehr, Peer and Pär.
Its meaning indicates a "wife of the Prophet Mohammad", but also means auspicious, blessed and fortunate.
While the name is spelled Batu in Mongol Script, the form Bat is used in Mongol Cyrillic.
The Indo-European "gift" names are ultimately derived from the *PIE root *deh₃-, "to give".
Forrest Stanley, American actor and screenplay writer
Yasushi Akimoto, Japanese television writer, lyricist and academic
Kathryn Colin "Kathy" Colin, American Olympic contender and Pan American Games medalist in canoeing
Mariko is a feminine Japanese given name.
Chūichi, Chuichi or Chuuichi is a masculine Japanese given name.
It is one of the most common masculine given names in Italy and is often short for "Giovanni Carlo".
Danny O'Reilly, Irish musician, lead singer of The Coronas
The Scottish Gaelic name Torcall is a Gaelicised form of the Old Norse name Þorkell.
Amal Neerad, Indian cinematographer, film director, and producer
Régis Juanico, member of the National Assembly of France
Ludovico is an Italian masculine given name.
The Ruthenian form is Volodymyr, the Polish one is Włodzimierz.
Chie is a Japanese feminine given name.
Masataka Matsutoya, Japanese musician, composer and singer-songwriter
Paulette Schwartzmann - a Latvian–born French/Argentine chess player
The Gothic form of the prefix was auda-, the Anglo-Saxon form was ead-, the Old Norse form was auð-.
The Sanskrit word dineśa is a compound of dina 'day' and īśa 'lord', meaning 'day-lord', an epithet of the Sun.
Nora or Norah is an Italian, English, Irish, Albanian, Scandinavian, Arabic, and Baltic feminine personal name.
Yves is a common French male given name of Germanic origin derived from Proto-Germanic *īwaz, *īhwaz, masculine variant of *īwō, from Proto-Indo-European *h₁eyHweh₂, meaning yew).
Masakage is a masculine Japanese given name.
Davy is a male given name in its own right, as well as a short form of the name David, which means "beloved" in Hebrew.
Mihály Víg, Hungarian composer, poet, songwriter, guitarist and singer
Eyerus is a short form of the name.
Akosua Serwaa is a Ghanaian middle distance runner who specializes in the 800 metres.
Ctirad is a Slavic origin male given name derived from the elements: čest / chest "honour" and rad "care, joy".
Helga is a female name, used mainly in Scandinavia, Iceland, Germany, Austria, Hungary, Belgium, Switzerland, the Netherlands, and South Africa..
Forrest Hamer, American poet, psychologist, and psychoanalyst
Bernie Williams, Puerto Rican former Major League Baseball player
Caterina dei Virgi, aristocratic Bolognese woman raised in the court of Bologna
The name is formed from two components in archaic Polish:
Shinzō, Shinzo or Shinzou is a masculine Japanese given name.
Zdravko-Ćiro Kovačić, Croat water polo player who competed for Yugoslavia
It is a cognate of the English given name Victor and may refer to:
In Turkey the word Kara means "dark", which may or may not be related to the Gaelic Ciara of the same meaning.
Frédérick Raynal, French videogame designer and programmer
Elaine is a given name, one of the variants of Helen, and may refer to:
Casimir is an English, French and Latin form of the Polish name Kazimierz.
Earl Bassett, fictional character in the film Tremors
Airi, villain in the game, anime, and manga franchise Queen's Blade
Corrado Guzzanti, actor, director, writer and satirist
Nagamichi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Laurentius is a Latin surname that means "From Laurentum", or "Laurelled".
Norihiro Inoue, Japanese actor and voice actor
Margaret has a large number of diminutive forms in many different languages.
Ryōji, Ryoji or Ryouji is a masculine Japanese given name.
Costel is a common Romanian form, a diminutive of Constantin.
Jean Havoc, supporting character in "Fullmetal Alchemist"
Hortense Briggs, in the novel An American Tragedy by Theodore Dreiser
Many meanings exist: "friend of wine and dine" "stallion horse rider" "knight of the round table" “drinking companion” "Life of the party"
The feminine form in Spanish is Juana, or Juanita in its diminutive.
Bertha is a female Germanic name, from Old High German berhta meaning "bright one".
In the Russian language, "Аби́д", or its form "Ави́д", is an old and uncommon male given name.
Per Bratland, Norwegian newspaper editor and author
Suzuko Kanzaki, character in the anime series AKB0048
Kisaburō, Kisaburo or Kisaburou is a masculine Japanese given name.
Maria José is a Portuguese language female given name.
Hiro Fujiwara Japanese manga artist, once active under her previous pen name, Izumi Hiro
It is also a classical Greek name, deriving from an adjective meaning "flat-nosed".
Akihito is a masculine Japanese given name.
Jorge Santana, Mexican-born guitarist, brother of Carlos Santana
Götz and variants also came into use as German surnames.
The current base, SANAE IV, is located at Vesleskarvet in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.
It can be a shortened form of those names.
Takuma Terashima, Japanese voice actor and singer
Bernie Kosar, American former National Football League quarterback
"Kutalmış" is composed of two words: "kut" and "almış".
Yukimura is a Japanese family and given name.
Jadwiga, a ghost in Esther Friesner's trilogy, Gnome Man's Land.
The feminine form of Theodore is Theodora.
Kazushige is a masculine Japanese given name.
The feminine form is pronounced  KEER-ə.
Alternatively, the first element has been identified as Gaulish dago "good".
Kazuto Tokino male protagonist of the anime/manga series "UFO Ultramaiden Valkyrie"
Therefore Özalp means "immanently gallant" or "inherently valorous".
It is decreasing in popularity, from a high in 1997, when 27,248 males in the United States were given the name Nicholas.
It is a cognate to the German name Kaspar and English name Caspar and may refer to:
Mārtiņš is a Latvian masculine given name.
Vittoria is an Italian female given name taken from the male name Victor.
Derived from the Slavic elements mil favour and slav glory.
Satoko is a Japanese female given name.
Because it comes from the sea, it also has associations with the moon and with water.
Shūhei, Shuhei or Shuuhei is a masculine Japanese given name.
This was also the name of many Gaelic Irish kings from the 10th to the 16th centuries, particularly in Connacht and Munster.
In Basque, kai is a common word meaning "pier of a harbour" and a variant of the first name Kaio.
Hild, a Nordic-German Bellona, was a Valkyrie who conveyed fallen warriors to Valhalla.
It is derived from the Slavic words Bog/Boh, meaning "god", and dan, meaning "gift".
Tadanari is a masculine Japanese given name.
Lydia is a feminine first name of Greek origin a feminine form of the ancient given name, Λυδός).
Yevhen is the Ukrainian equivalent of the English given name Eugene.
Teruyoshi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Christopher is the English version of a Europe-wide name derived from the Greek name Χριστόφορος.
Alternately, it may be related to the name of the Old Norse goddess Iðunn.
It is a cognate of Matthew and Matthias, and may refer to:
Granny, the Looney Tunes character nicknamed Emmy in Hare Trimmed
It is a cognate of the English language name Andrew.
Margaret is a female first name, originally derived from Persian "Morvared" meaning Pearl and in Sanskrit मञ्जरी mañjarī meaning 'pearl' or 'cluster of blossoms.'
Since it is considered a "neutral" name in the Arabic language, many Arabic-speaking Christians as well as Muslims are named Tawfik.
The lenited variant spelling Gofraidh, was influenced by the Old French Godefroy.
Kathryn Hahn, American actress best known for her role as Lily Lebowski on Crossing Jordan
Gayane was the name of an abbess who was martyred with other nuns by Tiridates III of Armenia in the year 301.
The second element -valdis was a particular favourite and featured in a large number of names now rare or obsolete.
Julien Pierre, a French rugby union player
It is the modernized form of the Old English given name Ceadda, influenced by the Welsh word cad meaning "battle".
Fictional uses of the name include Samara Morgan, the antagonist of the horror film The Ring and its sequels.
It was more common as a name for children in the early 20th century than in the late 20th or early 21st centuries.
It is also found as a surname, sometimes with a prefix, for example, de Luna or Deluna.
Joachim and Anne are not mentioned in the Bible.
Mārtiņš Onskulis, Latvian alpine skier and Olympic competitor
Morten is a common given name in Norway and Denmark.
The name translates into English as "descendant of Tormach".
Kira could also have arrived into Russian from the Persian-Greek name Kyra.
Cathrinus is a Latinized masculine version of the feminine name Katherine.
Patricio in Spanish, or Patrício in Portuguese, is a male given name equivalent to Patrick in English.
The name is mentioned in the Quran as Al-Hasib, translated as The Bringer of Judgement, one of the Names of God in Islam.
Takehito is a masculine Japanese given name.
Velupillai or Veluppillai is a given name for a male Tamils.
The name is derived from the Arabic name "Ayda" "عايدة" or "عائدة" in formal Arabic.
Other forms of the girls' name derived from alternate historical spellings of the Scottish island's name include Ile and Ila.
In Spain is celebrated "Virgen de la Paloma de Madrid" feast's day on August 15.
Audrius is a Lithuanian masculine given name, derived from the Lithuanian word audra, which means "storm".
Kazuki Ōmori, Japanese film director and screenwriter
Vekenega is a Slavic name which contains word "vek", "vijek" - age and "niega" - delight.
Related names include: "Reginald", "Reinaldo", "Reinhold", "Reino", "Reynol", "Reinout", "Renaud", "Reynaldo", and "Reynaud".
Aivaras Stepukonis, Lithuanian singer-songwriter, musician and philosopher
Vitomir – is an old Slavic origin given name derived from elements: vito "to rule" and mir "peace, world, prestige".
It is of French origin meaning "free man" or "petite".
As-Samee is one of the names of Allah meaning the All Hearing.
They come from the Hungarian word, gyöngy, which means pearl.
Meiko Honma, or Menma, a character in 2011 Japanese anime series Anohana
Angelika Schafferer, Austrian luger who competed during the late 1970s and early 1980s
Bram is a given name for a male.
Lexx a sentient spaceship in the tv series of the same name.
The Ukrainian form of the name is Kostyantyn.
In Hawaiian, kai means "ocean" or "ocean water".
Ellen Craft, American fugitive slave and abolitionist
Felicity was the 236th most popular name for girls born in England and Wales in 2007.
In Germany, after 1986, the name Wendy became popular because it is the name of a magazine about horses and horse riding.
Peggy is a female first name derived from Meggy, a diminutive version of the name Margaret.
Its equivalent in Polish, Bulgarian, Serbian and Croatian languages is Dragomira.
Arsenius Stadnitsky, Archbishop and then Metropolitan of Novgorod from 1910 to 1933
It was a virtue name in use by the Puritans.
Ludwig Bemelmans, an American author and children's book writer and illustrator
Manuchehr, Manuchar, Manuchihr, or Manouchehr is a Persian male given name meaning heaven's face.
Eero Heinonen, Finnish musician and bass player in The Rasmus
The Turkish equivalent is Tevfik, the Azerbaijani equivalent is Tofig or Tofiq, the Albanian equivalent is Teufik, and the Hebrew equivalent is Tovik or Tuvik.
The German name has also been adopted in a number of languages in the spelling Valter.
The king's ban in the legal history of the Holy Roman Empire was divided into several distinct types depending on their function:
Henrietta was the 446th most common name for females in the United States in the 1990 census.
Konstanty Kalinowski, 19th-century revolutionary who was one of the leaders of the January Uprising in Congress Poland
Bodil in Danish and Norwegian, in Swedish also the variations Bothild, Botilda, and Boel, is a feminine given name.
In this case, those constituents are gari > ger- and -hard.
It corresponds to the English name Ishmael.
It is a German and Swedish contracted form of Katherine.
Yahya, also written Yahia is a common Arabic male given name.
Czesław Słania, Polish-Swedish postage stamp and banknote engraver
June Marlowe, an American actress best known as Miss Crabtree in six Our Gang short subjects
Erin go bragh, a slogan dating from the 1798 revolution, is often translated as "Ireland forever".
It is also related to the names Stella, Estelle and their derivatives.
The name Kamran means prosperous in Persian and successful in Urdu.
Baylon was born on 24 May 1540 to Aragonese peasants.
Pet forms of this English name include: Donnie and Donny.
Åke Edwardson, Swedish author of detective fiction, and a professor at Gothenburg University
Ryōko or Ryouko is a Japanese female given name.
Maiko Jeong Shun Lee, Viscountess Rothermere, British viscountess
Summer Newman, a character from the American soap opera The Young and the Restless
The Old English cognate of the name is Ōsgār.
Ronja is also a Russian pet form of Veronika, but very few people were given this name in Scandinavian countries prior to 1981.
The name "Wolf" was relatively common among Germans.
Lembit is an Estonian masculine given name.
Kirsten Flipkens, Belgian tennis player; 2003 ITF Junior World Champion
Marinus Bernardus Rost van Tonningen, Dutch Army general in the Dutch East Indies
Kotaro Uchikoshi, Japanese video game director and scenario writer
Julien Fountain, an English professional cricket coach
Aivar is an Estonian masculine given name.
Masanobu is a masculine Japanese given name.
'Mehrzad' derives from Middle Persian Mihrdat, a theophoric name meaning "Given by Mehr."
Of them, about 5,700 had it as their main given name.
It may also be related to Esther.
Yōsuke, Yosuke or Yousuke is a masculine Japanese given name.
Jógvan á Lakjuni, Faroese politician, composer and teacher
Although predominantly a boys name, the name is occasionally given to girls in the form of "Shervineh" or "Shervin Dokht".
Hannah Ashworth, character portrayed by Emma Rigby on the English soap opera Hollyoaks
The name equates royal status; it is the first name of many Kings of Sweden including Carl XVI Gustaf.
The associated name day is October 24.
As a first name it derives from the Latin feminine noun veritas, meaning "truth".
Motoyuki is a masculine Japanese given name.
Frédéric Dumas, one of the first two diving companions of Jacques-Yves Cousteau
Ainārs is a Latvian masculine given name and may refer to:
The flower name comes from the Old English word dægeseage, meaning "day's eye".
In modern Greek everyday use, it is commonly shortened to Thanasis, Thanos, Sakis, Nasos, Athan or Athos.
The meaning of the name in Jewish culture could be rendered "he has given" or "he will give".
Yaw Ihle Amankwah, Ghanaian footballer playing in Norway
Nodoka is a Japanese feminine given name.
Albulena is an Albanian feminine first name.
Shun is a masculine Japanese given name meaning speed.
Henrik Wergeland, Norwegian writer, poet, playwright, polemicist, historian and linguist
It was used by the Puritans as a virtue name.
Alexandre Sarnes Negrão, Brazilian race car driver
Boglárka is a popular Hungarian female name meaning either "jewel" or "buttercup."
For a comprehensive list, see instead: All pages beginning with "Anne".
Terence is a male given name, derived from the Latin name Terentius.
It is also the name of two Scottish rivers.
Virginia Dare was the first child born to English parents in North America.
Shawna Robinson, American stock car driver and interior designer
Linguistically, Douglas is derived from the Gaelic elements: dubh, meaning "dark, black"; and glas, meaning "stream".
The Gordon in Berwickshire, where the family who bore the surname held lands in the 12th century, is of uncertain etymology.
Jógvan Hansen, Faroese singer and guitar player
It remained a widely used name throughout the 1960s in the United States.
It may be encountered as a surname, but Evans is usual.
Julien Cordonnier, a French professional football player
It has seen masculine and feminine use consecutively in the United States.
Dragan is a popular Slavic masculine given name derived from the common Slavic element drag meaning "dear, beloved".
Ellen Browning Scripps, American journalist and philanthropist
Iraj Fernando, Sri Lankan Born Chef Regional American, Adventuresome and Global~Fusion Food compoaer
Gediminas Žiemelis, Lithuanian businessman and business consultant
Its meaning is "person who brings kind news".
Peeter Põld, Estonian pedagogic scientist, school director and politician
180 for baby boys born in the United States in 2010, having jumped 402 places since 2003, when it was ranked at No.
It was the 326th most popular given name for women and girls in the United States census of 1990.
Nobuharu is a masculine Japanese given name.
This name is possibly linked with British pop culture of the late 1960s and Joni Mitchell's song "Chelsea Morning".
Corinne is a female name, and the French or English variant of Corina, meaning "beautiful maiden".
Carmelo Di Bella, an Italian soccer player
Nahla is of Arabic origin meaning first drink of water.
In other cases the name can have originated from the name of Thurston, located in Suffolk, England.
Ralf, the traditional variant form in the Dutch, German and Swedish languages
寛 means "generous, tolerant" and 浩 means "prosperous."
Jean-Marie Riachi, a Lebanese arranger, composer and record producer
Magnar was also a mythical half-dragon man, with violent good tendencies.
The derivation is from the word rey or roi, meaning "king".
Other spellings include Karolyn, Carolyne or Carolynne.
Julien Moineau, a French professional road bicycle racer
In east Spain, Jacme became Jaime; in Aragon it became Chaime, in Catalonia it became Jaume.
Antanas Juška, Lithuanian Roman Catholic pastor, lexicographer, folklorist, and musicologist
Bernie Taupin, longtime lyricist for Elton John
Mitsuyo Seo, Japanese animator, screenwriter and film director
Arvo is a Finnish and Estonian given name for males and may refer to:
Misako is a feminine Japanese given name.
The word cài 菜 in Mandarin also means vegetable.
Laimonis is a Latvian masculine given name, borne by more than 1,800 men in Latvia.
Kento Masuda, Japanese composer and recording artist
PJ Harvey and John Parish released a song named Heela on their album Dance Hall at Louse Point.
Hayato Juumonji, or Takehito Koyasu, Japanese voice actor
It is an English version of the Hebrew name Shoshana, meaning lily.
Toshihiro is a masculine Japanese given name.
The name may be derived from the Greek verb θερίζω, meaning to harvest.
Leonora or Leonore is a feminine given name which is a variation of Eleanor.
Eero Paloheimo, Finnish designer, politician and university professor
The name is of Japanese origins and can be written with the characters for know; wisdom and child.
Masayuki is a masculine Japanese given name.
Hecataeus of Miletus asserted that both the Etruscan harbor city of Adria and the Adriatic Sea had been named after it.
Notable people with the given name Eden:
Eachann is a masculine given name in the Scottish Gaelic.
Junzō, Junzo, Junzoh or Junzou is a masculine Japanese given name.
Pope Demetrius I of Alexandria, ruled in 189–232
Sivapalan is a given name for a male Tamils.
The variant Absolon is a German surname.
The Icelandic and Faroese version of Sven/Svend is Sveinn.
Magnar is a somewhat common forename for men in Norway.
Nowadays it is a common name among Basque males.
Suzuko Kawahara, character in the manga series Spriggan
Jorge Eliécer Gaitán, Colombian politician assassinated in 1948
Bijan Beg Saakadze, Safavid noble and officeholder
Órlaith is an Irish language female given name.
That year was the most popular year for Nicholas since 1880, when U.S. records were kept for given names.
The associated name day is January 4.
Guntis Peders, Latvian track and field athlete, hurdler and Olympic competitor
Ēriks Pētersons Latvian footballer and ice-hockey player
Teodor Meleșcanu, Romanian politician, diplomat and jurist
Mac an Tuile is a corruption of Mac Maoltuile, and has also been anglicised as Flood due to "tuile" in Irish meaning "flood".
Celia is also the name of the main character in the series Celia's Journey, by Melissa Gunther.
Dana or Danah, in Arabic, means "the most perfectly sized, valuable and beautiful pearl".
Travis Meeks, lead singer, guitarist and songwriter for acoustic rock band Days of the New
Ryunosuke Natsume, character in the manga series All Purpose Cultural Cat Girl Nuku Nuku
Deividas is a Lithuanian masculine given name.
Hajime is also a common Japanese given name for males, although it is occasionally used as a surname.
Tadashige Daigo, Imperial Japanese Navy admiral during World War II
The name became so popular in England that the phrase "Tom, Dick, and Harry" began to be used to refer to men in general.
Pearls are also traditionally considered appropriate jewelry for debutantes and brides.
Gianluca is an Italian masculine given name.
The name comes from the Hebrew name אֲבִיגַיִל / אֲבִיגָיִל Avigail, meaning "my father's joy".
Its use as a surname stems from the adoption of the name by Bob Dylan.
Kwasi Thompson,, Bahamian Senator, former Deputy Speaker of the House of Assembly
Frédéric and Frédérick are the French versions of the common male given name Frederick.
It is the antonym of "Doshman" - دشمن, which means malevolent or fetes.
Guntis Osis, Latvian bobsledder and Olympic medalist
It is an English form of the French name Noëlle, which is a feminine form of the name Noël meaning "Christmas" in French.
Also, in the north-west of England, the 'Irish' name was introduced by Scandinavian settlers from Ireland.
Famous people with this given name include:
Mitsumasa is a masculine Japanese given name.
Berechiah  is a Jewish name that occurs several times in the Bible.
Kwamé Holland, an American rapper who enjoyed brief popularity during the golden age of hip hop; reemerged as a music producer named K1 Million
Henrik Wigström, very important Fabergé workmaster, one of the two responsible for almost all of the Fabergé imperial Easter eggs
It was the second most popular name for girls born in Hungary in 2007.
Its pronunciation in the Lhasa dialect is [kẽ̀tyn].
Frédéric Piquionne, French football player who plays in the forward position
Edvīns is a Latvian masculine given name which may refer to:
Lee Jun-ho, South Korean pop singer, member of the boy band 2PM
Yoshihisa Inoue, Japanese politician of the New Komeito Party
Marinus of Thrace, Arian Archbishop of Constantinople
This name likely refers to a Pictish king whose name is recorded variously as Onnust, Hungus.
Rin Aoki, Japanese model and AV actress
Julien Jeanpierre, a French former professional tennis player
Ayame, a female character and one of the Cerulean sisters in the anime series Pokémon, her name is Violet in the English dub.
The name became more and more popular and was the 7th most popular name for girls in the 1990s.
Terri Hendrix, contemporary folk singer-songwriter from Texas
Tanisha, meaning ambition in Sanskrit, is a feminine given name.
Babatunde Oluwasegun Temitope Oluwakorede Adisa "Baba" Oshinowo,, American football player
Oreste Puliti, Italian fencer and Olympic medalist
Isabelle Blanc, a French snowboarder and Olympic champion
Joaquim is the Portuguese and Catalan version of Joachim and may refer to:
It is the late medieval form of the name Gawain, which in turn is believed to have originated from the Welsh name Gwalchgwyn, meaning "White Hawk."
Mihály Lajos Jeney, Hungarian military officer and mapmaker
Variants of Dougal include: Dugald, and Dugal.
Vello Helk, Danish historian of Estonian origin
Earl Bakken, inventor of the transistorized pacemaker
Boyan is a Slavic male given name.
See Theodoric for the origin and history of the name.
Toyokazu is a masculine Japanese given name.
Eino Kuvaja, Finnish skier and military commander
Yuriy Drohobych, Ukrainian philosopher, astrologist, writer, and doctor
Parvati is a Hindu/Sanskrit Indian feminine given name, which comes from the name of the goddess Parvati.
Mário Soares, Portuguese politician and former Prime Minister of Portugal
Inaba Masao, Japanese military officer and rebel
The second is from Greek Karmē, whose name means "she who cuts the grain", from keirein, "to cut".
The corresponding form for the name in Italian is Paolina.
In ancient Greece, the name Ἴννα is also attested, however a connection with the Russian Inna has not been confirmed.
Hugues de Saint-Cher, French Dominican friar and cardinal and theologian
Ashton was used far more often on American females from years 1986-1997.
Hunayn ibn Ishaq, scholar, physician, and scientist
Ernests Mālers, Latvian cyclist and Olympic competitor
Sujātā is a Hindu/Sanskrit Indian popular feminine given name, which means "birth", "from a good family origin" and"origin".
In this case, those constituents are gari > ger- and -hard.
Vanessa has been adopted later as the name of a genus of butterfly by Johan Christian Fabricius in 1807.
Lynette Chico, Puerto Rican fashion model and actress
Bern- is the old form of bear, from West Germanic *beran-.
It is a common name in several countries, including non-English speaking ones.
Trond is a Norwegian male given name.
Rosemarie is another variant, and Romy is a German nickname for the name.
Éric [eʁik] is used in French, and in Germany Eric, Erik and Erich are used.
Thanasis Pafilis, Greek politician and Member of the European Parliament
The name can also be used as a pet form of Bonita.
Yasurō, Yasuro or Yasurou is a masculine Japanese given name.
André Julien Chainat, a French World War I flying ace
The most prominent explanation is that it is composed of "ok" and "z".
Rimas is a given name, which can be an Arabic feminine name or a Lithuanian masculine name.
Banu Khorramdin, Babak Khorramdin's wife and companion who fought against the Abbasid Caliphate's Muslim conquest of Persia in ancient Iran.
Shinzō Abe, Japanese politician and Prime Minister of Japan
In addition to สมชาย, a few other similar-sounding Thai names are also transcribed as Somchai.
Léonie Gilmour, American educator, editor, and journalist
It is possible that the name is a diminutive of dithematic Desimir or Desislav, with des meaning "to happen".
Kutlu is a common masculine Turkish given name.
Ken is a masculine given name of Scottish / Gaelic origin.
Shūsaku, Shusaku or Shuusaku is a masculine Japanese given name.
Austėja is a feminine Lithuanian given name derived from the name of an ancient Lithuanian bee goddess.
Per Brahe the Younger, Swedish soldier and statesman
The best foods are given to Aya during Isıah Festivals.
He is now reunited with his family.
Now was ther of that Chirche a parish clerk, The which that was ycleped Absolon ... Curl was his heer and as the gold it shoon.
Adan Mohamed Nuur Madobe, Somali politician and Speaker of Parliament
It is a cognate of the North Germanic names Karl and Carl and the French and English Charles.
Gintaras Einikis, retired Lithuanian professional basketball player
Ingus Janevics, Latvian race walker and Olympic competitor
It is a variant form of Kathleen.
The final s marks the nominative case in Old French, but is not retained by modern pronunciation.
Gwyneth Glyn, a Welsh language poet and musician
Sorcha is a Gaelic feminine given name.
Short forms are Frannie, Frans and Fran.
Alessandro is both a given name and a surname, the Italian form of the name Alexander.
The name increased in popularity after the naming of Maddox Jolie-Pitt, the son of actors Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie.
Freya Van den Bossche, Belgian Flemish politician
Urszula is the Polish version of the name.
Chester James Carville Jr. is an American political commentator and media personality who is a prominent figure in the Democratic Party.
It is derived from the Slavic noun vuk and mir.
Carl XIV Johan of Sweden,, King of Sweden and king of Norway, first king in the Bernadotte dynasty
Nishio Tadayuki, Japanese daimyo who ruled the Yokosuka Domain, and lived from the mid to late Edo period
Lola is a feminine given name in German, Spanish and other language groups.
It is the Italian form of the German name Ludwig, through the Latinization Ludovicus, corresponding the French form Louis and its anglicized variant Lewis.
It has been frequently used mostly in recent times, especially in the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s.
This proposal was the result of a false interpretation of a passage in paragraph 70 of Behistun inscription by Darius the Great.
Ernő Nagy, Hungarian fencer and Olympic medalist
In English, Darlene is a first name, and may refer to the following people:
Saira Banu, a Bollywood actress of the 1960s
Julien Ielsch, a French professional football player
Marko Antila, Finnish film producer and director
Madoc or Madog was a legendary Welsh prince who in Welsh folklore sailed to the New World three hundred years before Christopher Columbus.
Julien Cétout, a French professional football player
Its meaning is most likely 'oath' in English.
Ratko Vujović, Montenegrin political activist and soldier
In Greek mythology, Nerea is daughter of Nereus and Doris.
Regis Brodie, American Professor of Art and potter
Haris Silajdžić, former Bosniak member of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina
As of 1 January 2006 there are 2370 Norwegians with Yngve as their first name, 1924 of whom use it as their only first name.
Munetoshi is a masculine Japanese given name.
A famous Chaldean author is Bishop Israel Audo, famous for authoring a book about the Chaldean Genocide.
Beate Zschäpe, German political activist and suspected nazi-terrorist
The city is famous for its rock-cut architecture and water conduit system.
Mokichi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Gavrilo Princip, Bosnian Serb revolutionary, assassin of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria
There is also an African Adinkra symbol called an Aya, which is a fern.
Takanobu is a masculine Japanese given name.
Jerome ranked among the top 200 names given to boys born in the United States between 1903 and 1985.
Hristo Lukov, Bulgarian general who led the Union of Bulgarian National Legions
Mitsuhiko is a masculine Japanese given name.
Paulette Frankl - an American courtroom artist and author
Tadayuki Naitoh, Japanese photographer known for his photographs of jazz musicians and of Africa
Jānis Ķipurs, Latvian bobsledder and Olympic medalist
The name is variously abbreviated to "Dot", "Dotty" and "Doll".
Alassane is a given name or surname that is an alternative transliteration of Al-Hassan, and may refer to:
While it is typically a male given name, in recent years it has become popular for girls as well.
Iehisa is a masculine Japanese given name.
Adelbert is a given name of German origin, which means "noble bright" or "noble shining", derived from the words adal and berht.
Mademoiselle Hortense, in the novel Bleak House by Charles Dickens
Ayame, a female messenger in YuYu Hakusho
Petras Vaitiekūnas, Lithuanian politician, former Foreign Minister of Lithuania
Fritz originated as a German nickname for Friedrich, or Frederick, as well as for similar names including Fridolin.
Modern variants of the name are Kameron, and Kamron.
Eudokia Angelina or Evdokija Anđel, daughter of Alexios III Angelos, wife of Stefan the First-Crowned
Tachibana no Hayanari, Japanese government official and calligrapher
Kwadwo Boakye Djan, organiser of the 1979 Ghanaian coup
It means a heart or courageous heart.
In English language it is also a variant spelling of Cady, meaning a rhythmic flow of sounds.
Masuo Ikeda, Japanese artist, writer and film director
Roberts Dunstan, Australian soldier and airman of the Second World War
The surname O'Neill is of Irish Gaelic origin, spelling variations include O'Neal, O'Neil, Ó Neill, Ó Néill, Ua Néill, Uí Néill and Neill.
Kana Hanazawa, a Japanese voice actress, actress and singer
Kwasi Jones Martin, English songwriter and producer
Noriyo is a feminine Japanese given name.
Gianna is a female Italian given name, a diminutive form of Giovanna.
Brian is a male given name of Irish and Breton origin, as well as a surname of Occitan origin.
The name became rare in England during the later Middle Ages, but was revived in the 19th century.
Tomoyasu is a masculine Japanese given name.
Therefore "okz" means "clans", "nations", and/or "arrows".
It is composed of the Celtic elements meaning "one", and "choice".
Gavrilo Vitković, Serbian professor, engineer and historian
Hugues de Châteauneuf, French Bishop, theologian and Catholic saint
In North America the name found popularity among Métis and Aboriginals in the Northwest.
Rentarō Satomi from the light novel series Black Bullet
Giedrius Titenis, Lithuanian swimmer and Olympic competitor
In 2013 it was the third most popular name for girls in Australia.
Eugene is a common feminine or masculine given name that comes from the Greek εὐγενής, "noble", literally "well-born", from εὖ, "well" and γένος, "race, stock, kin".
Ruth is a common female given name noted from Ruth the eponymous heroine of the eighth book of the Old Testament.
Hisako Tottori,, later the Princess Takamado of Japan
Another meaning is "the one, who helps everybody".
It was also ranked in the top 100 most common names for girls in France, Belgium, and Canada in the 2000s.
It is a very popular male name in North America, Europe, and Australia.
Viktors Dobrecovs, Latvian football striker and manager
In Gaelic etymology, Euan implies a plethoric individual.
As a male name, Hayden also made a comeback in Australia in the 1980s and continues to reign in the top 100.
Bożena is a Polish feminine given name, originally appearing as Bożana and Bożechna.
Shinji is a common masculine Japanese given name.
Evaristo Carvalho, former prime minister of São Tomé and Príncipe
Ritsuko Sakakibara, a character in the novel Another
The name was at its most popular in the United States from the mid-1980s to mid-1990s, peaking in 1987.
Damián Szifron, Argentine film and television director
Emanuele Crialese, Italian film screenwriter and director
Itaru Hinoue, pseudonym of a female Japanese manga artist
Takehiko Bessho, Japanese baseball player and manager
The associated name day is November 28.
The oldest written proof of the name's occurrence in Sweden was Ingrid Ylva, the mother of Birger Magnusson von Bjälbo from about 1200.
Ḥāmed - حامد - also spelled Haamed, or Hamed, and in Turkish Hamed; it means "Lauder" or “one who praises”.
The second part can be transliterated Qader, Kadir, Qadir,Kader, Gadir or in other ways, and the whole name subject to variable spacing and hyphenation.
Tokuo Takahashi, better known as Daizen Takahiro, Japanese sumo wrestler
Andrius Pojavis,, Lithuanian pop singer and singer-songwriter
Derived feminine forms include Pascale, Pascalle or Pascalina.
Orla is also a male given name in the Danish language.
Cerys is a Welsh feminine given name.
In contrast, a natural harbor is surrounded on several sides by prominences of land.
In Hindu Scriptures this is a name given to Shiva.
Rosalinda Asuncion Vicente, Associate Justice of the Philippine Court of Appeals
She is known as Agape in Biblical Greek and as Caritas in Church Latin and her name is translated differently in other languages.
Gofraid corresponds to the Old Norse Guðfriðr, cognate with Gottfried or Godfredus, and Galfrid or Galfridus.
Scandinavian dialectal and regional variants of the name include Annul, Annulv, Anul, Arnolv, Arnulv, Örnólfur, Ørnolvur, Örnulf, Ørnulf, Ørnulv.
Francisco is the Spanish and Portuguese form of the masculine given name Franciscus.
In Finnish, Kai is a common male name, Finnish form of Kaj.
Mindaugas, Lithuanian medieval Grand Duke of Lithuania and King of Lithuania
17785 people in Norway have Trond as their first name, making it the 23rd most used name.
It means knowledge, true path, and guidance.
The name was borne in Greek mythology by Jason, the great Thessalian hero who led the Argonauts in the quest for the Golden Fleece.
Fathallah is a transliteration of the Arabic given name, فتح الله, built from the Arabic words fath and Allah.
Its diminutive forms include Małgośka, Małgosia, Gosia, Gośka, Gosieńka, Gosiunia.
Evaristo is both a given name and a surname.
The family name Pasco is now spread all over the world and has done quite well to survive 1000 years in European history.
The name means wise era or worldy wisdom.
Stephan R. Epstein, a British economic historian
Its name is derived from the Sanskrit उपल or upala, which means "jewel".
It may refer to the following people:
Another form of the name is Gille Easbaig.
Abbas ibn Ali is revered by Shia Muslims, some of whom are named Abbas in remembrance and tribute to him.
Its meaning depends on the hanja used to write each syllable of the name.
Toivo Pohjala, Finnish wrestler and Olympic competitor
In German and Scandinavian countries, the popularity of the name spread due to Saint Bridget of Sweden.
As a given name it may refer to:
Yusei Fudo, protagonist of the anime series Yu-Gi-Oh!
The following people share the forename Trygve:
Rex Hunt, an Australian television and radio personality and former football player
See Kusaila for the 7th-century Beber leader.
Céline was frequently chosen as a first name in honour of two Gallo-Roman saints closely associated with the beginnings of the French nation:
Jean Michel Constant Leber, French historian and bibliophile
Michiyoshi is a masculine Japanese given name.
The French masculine name of Breton origin meaning "chief, prince."
Earl Stevens, American rapper better known as E-40
It already appears in Latin sources of the eighth century as Charivius.
Jón is derived from the name Johannes with the original meaning being God is gracious.
It is a compound of the theonym Thor and sten "stone".
Hilde Zimmermann, Austrian resistance fighter against Nazism and survivor of the KZ Ravensbrück
Ralph, the common variant form in the English language, traditionally pronounced  but now commonly , as spelled
Levi Lincoln Sr., American revolutionary and statesman
In Australia it was very popular from the 1960s to 1990s.
Transmitter and tower at Monte del Estado Maricao, Puerto Rico.
Bjarni Herjólfsson was an Icelandic explorer who sighted America in 986
Kanae, character in the game Akatsuki Blitzkampf
The name is attested with some frequency in Medieval Germany during the 8th to 11th centuries, as Arnold, Arnalt, Arnald, Arnolt.
The name has remained consistently popular in the United States since the 1960s.
The name is most commonly used in Italy, Romania, Brazil and in Spanish-speaking countries.
Aksel Schiøtz, Danish tenor and Lieder singer
It is the feminine form of Juan, and thus corresponds to the English names Jane, Janet, Jean, Joan, and Joanna.
Henrietta Maria of France, queen consort of Charles I of England, first inspired wide use of the name in England in the 17th century.
Navneet is a name in India of Punjabi origin derived from the Sanskrit word "navaneet" meaning "fresh butter".
Ashton Anchors, playable male character in Star Ocean: The Second Story
In Arabic, Alya means sky, heaven and loftiness.
Among others, one version has Arabic as origin, while another is of Biblical origin.
Scarlett is a feminine name derived from an English surname with an occupational meaning, referring to a person who sold cloth of scarlet.
Maximiliano Arboleya, Spanish sociologist, priest and activist
Certain transliterations tend to be associated with certain areas, for example, Abdirahman in Somalia, and Abderrahmane in French-speaking North Africa.
Léonce Perret, French film actor, director and producer
The name comes from Lithuanian word ramus/rami which means "peaceful, tranquil, serene".
Takuo Godō, Japanese naval architect, Imperial Japanese Navy admiral and government minister
Akwasi Appiah, Ghanaian football coach of the national team
Jerzy is the Polish version of the masculine given name George.
Art is also a diminutive form of the common name Arthur.
Keijirō, Keijiro or Keijirou is a masculine Japanese given name.
Lauren may be a given name or surname.
It originates as an Old High German short form of Germanic names beginning in aud-, an element meaning "wealth, prosperity".
Grégoire is both a surname and a given name, a French form of Gregory.
Jean Louis Berthauldt, a French-born costume designer also known as Jean Louis
The name Camillo is the Italian male version of Camilla.
Katia Skanavi, Russian pianist of Greek descent
Masayuki Kojima, Japanese animator and anime director
Akimasa is a masculine Japanese given name.
Daniel Middleton, British YouTuber and professional gamer
Julien Augustin Joseph Mermet, a French general who fought in the Napoleonic Wars
Katsunori is a masculine Japanese given name.
It has also been used for males in France and Scotland.
Kōshirō, Koshiro or Koushirou is a masculine Japanese given name.
Ilmari Salomies, Finnish former Archbishop of Turku, and the spiritual head of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland
Naruhisa is a masculine Japanese given name.
It is also agreed upon by all Arabic and Islamic language scholars to be a masculine name.
It is derived from the word llanw, meaning "tide" or "flow" and the intensifying prefix dy-.
Tomoharu is a masculine Japanese given name.
Saloni is a popular [[[Sanskrit]] female name of Indian origin, which means 'beautiful' and 'charming'.
The name is an epithet of Muhammad that means, The Chosen One.
Gwen is a Welsh feminine given name meaning "white, holy".
Verity was one of the most popular first names given to girls in Australia.
Hugues Wembangomo, Democratic Republic of Congo-born Norwegian footballer
Toshiharu Furukawa, Japanese medical doctor, attorney, and politician of the Liberal Democratic Party
Chika can also be written with many different kanji characters thus, giving the name various meanings.
It is also a Japanese given name that can be given to either sex and rarely used as a surname.
Haruto is a very popular masculine Japanese given name.
Its feminine form in Breton is Maela, but the modern French variant Maëlle is often preferred.
It is composed of the Germanic elements arn "eagle" and wald "rule, power".
Andrius Kubilius, Lithuanian politician, former Prime Minister of Lithuania
It was last ranked among the top 1,000 names for American girls during that decade.
The given name Xavier is a masculine name derived from the 16th-century Roman Catholic Saint Francis Xavier.
Madonna uses the nickname "Lola" for her daughter Lourdes Leon, born in 1996.
The Russian Orthodox Church uses the Old Church Slavonic version, Alexiy, for its Saints and hierarchs.
People have mistaken the word with See and morgh and believed it means Thirty-Bird.
Mayako is a feminine Japanese given name.
It is derived from the Germanic words adal "noble" and beraht - "right".
Sōichirō, Soichiro or Souichirou is a masculine Japanese given name.
The male equivalents are Marijan, Marijo, Mario.
Anglicized spellings of the name during Late Antiquity and the Early Middle Ages include Theodoric, Theoderic, Theudoric, Theuderic.
Murashige is both a Japanese surname and a masculine Japanese given name.
It is an uncommon name, first attested in mediaeval English records [1], and was revived in the 20th century.
Hortense Daigle, portrayed by Eileen Heckart in the The Bad Seed play and film
Katya Kinski, on the Australian soap opera Neighbours
The name is derived from the Hindu god Ganesh.
Arne is a common forename for males in Scandinavia.
Lech Wałęsa, Polish co-founder of the Solidarity movement and former President of Poland
Vladan Rovčanin, agent of BIA and a Serbian mass murderer
Hayato Ikeda, Japanese politician and Prime Minister
Benedicto Kiwanuka, first Prime Minister of Uganda
Most likely, the first appearance of the name Gökhan is as one of the six sons of Oghuz Khagan, the legendary ruler of the Oghuz.
It is also a common short name for names starting with El-, such as Eleanor, Elizabeth, Elle, Ellen, Ellie, or Eloise.
Radonja is a masculine Serbian given name.
Chetan Joshi, flautist in the Hindustani Classical Music tradition
Jógvan is a Faroese masculine given name.
Marinus of Tyre, Hellenized geographer, cartographer and mathematician
Andris Bērziņš, Latvian politician, former Prime Minister of Latvia
It is of English coming from the medieval English Frankeleyn, coming from the Anglo-Franco fraunclein.
It is feminine version of name Bojan derived from the Slavic noun boj "battle".
Aidan, Aiden and Aedan are the main anglicisations of the Irish male given name Aodhán and the Scottish Gaelic given name Aodhàn.
It comes from Latin florens, florentius "blossoming", verb floreo, meaning "to flower", in the sense of a blossom.
The name Lovisa had a rejuvenation in the 1980s and 90's in Sweden but has since then begun to decline.
It is also a devotional given name in Tamil.
Jeffrey  is a common English given name and, a variant form of the name Geoffrey.
Old West Norse has Hǫgni, presumably loaned from the character in German legend.
Lech Gardocki, Polish lawyer, judge and former First President of the Supreme Court of Poland
The stress is on the second syllable.
Jeannie McDaniel, American politician elected to the Oklahoma House of Representatives in 2004
The original Hebrew name Yiskāh, means "foresight", or being able to see the potential in the future.
Alicia Luciano, title-holder of Miss New Jersey 2002
Yoritaka is a masculine Japanese given name.
Shukō Murase, Japanese anime director and animator
Isabelle Yacoubou, is a French of Bénin origin professional basketball player
It is composed of the Slavic words 'bog' and 'mil' and means 'Dear to God'.
Princess Helena of Nassau, Princess consort of Waldeck and Pyrmont
Yōichirō, Yoichiro or Youichirou is a masculine Japanese given name.
The name was the 209th most popular name for girls in England and Wales in 2007.
Jeannie C. Riley, American country music and gospel singer
The French form is Adélaïde or Adélaide and a Czech form is Adléta.
Tom Selleck, American actor and film producer
Oskars Ķibermanis, Latvian bobsledder and Olympic competitor
It is a cognate of the English language name Eric.
Morena is an Italian, Portuguese and Spanish feminine given name derived from the term moreno, meaning "brown, brown-haired."
Abbreviated written forms are "Thos" and "Th".
Julien Sola, a French professional football player
Jin'ichi or Jinichi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Edgaras Česnauskis, Lithuanian footballer who plays for FC Rostov
It was among many names taken from the Bible that were used by Puritans in the American colonial era.
Kathryn Crosby, American actress and singer who performed her most memorable roles under her birth-name Kathryn Grant
There are masculine variants including Albin in Poland, Scandinavia, and Slovenia; and Aubin in France.
Parvēz, Pērvaz or Parvīz, is a Persian male given name, mostly popular in Iran, Central Asia, South Asia and among Azeris.
Shikō, Shiko or Shikou is a masculine Japanese given name.
There are variants in other languages including the French Bernardine.
Žanis Lipke, a Latvian rescuer of Jews in Riga during World War II.
It was introduced to Norman England alongside the form Godfrey.
These include the names Seydoux and Seydou, which are common in Europe and West Africa, respectively.
Aiko is a female Japanese given name.
Emanuele Luzzati, Italian painter, production designer, illustrator, film director and animator
Tom is mostly used as a diminutive of Thomas.
The most prominent explanation is that it is composed of "ok" and "z".
Griselda Blanco, a former drug lord for the Medellín Cartel
It transliterates as "good man", which is figurative for an honorable man, or model citizen.
Penelope Dudley-Ward, English actress and mistress of the future King Edward VIII
Paula is a common female given name.
Ellen Meijers, Dutch video game music composer
Holger Fach, German football player and manager
Andrus is a surname or given name, and may refer to:
In some cases it is possible that the given name Brandon is also a variant of Brendan.
It is also the source of the English personal name Anthony, as well as a number of similar names in various European languages.
Levi Coffin, American educator and a white abolitionist
A variant spelling of the given name is Camron.
It can be derived either from the Old High German word for "precious" or from the Irish language term "a leanbh" or "child", in English.
In Turkish, "Yeliz" means "beautiful", "luminous", "brightly", and/or "spacious".
Gediminas is a Lithuanian masculine given name.
Reiko Ike, a Japanese actress and singer
Aivaras Baranauskas, Lithuanian professional track cyclist and Olympic competitor
Showtaro Morikubo, Japanese voice actor and singer
Arif is a common male given name in various Muslim countries, such as Iran, Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bosnia and Herzegovina, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Pakistan and Turkey.
Jean-Marie Gustave Le Clézio, a French author
Mira Lesmana, Indonesian songwriter, film director and producer
Noelle is a name usually given the day of Christmas, day before, or day after.
Bjarni Haukur Thorsson, Icelandic director, writer, producer, and actor
There is no account of the name in France before the late eighteenth century, when it is traceable in Provence and Catalonia.
Bernice King, Baptist minister and daughter of Dr. Martin Luther King
Laurențiu is a Romanian masculine given name of Latin origin.
Souji "Soushi" Yukimi, fictional character from Soar High!
Carlos Ilídio Moreno Gomes aka Piguita, Cape Verdean footballer
Enn is an Estonian masculine given name and may refer to:
It is a common given name in the United States.
Daniel Dumile, British-American rapper and beatmaker known as MF DOOM
Ignacio Gabari, 21st-century Spanish professional racecar driver
Chieko N. Okazaki, American leader in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Kiri Hart, vice president of development at Lucasfilm who oversees the Star Wars franchise
Takehiro is a masculine Japanese given name.
Merwin or Merwyn is a surname and masculine given name.
Cassie is a feminine given name and a short form of various other given names mostly used in English-speaking countries.
Hiromori is a masculine Japanese given name.
At its prime, in 1980, it was the second most popular.
150 for girls born in the United States in 2014.
Demetrius, son of Philip V of Macedon
Guntis is a Latvian masculine given name and may refer to:
Asako Natsume, a character in the manga series Tonari no Kaibutsu-kun
Prince Marko, Serbian feudal lord in Macedonia
Ignacio Zaragoza Seguín, 19th-century general in the Mexican army
There is a traditional song about Cairistiona, which is about a lost love.
Large investments were into the massive drainage program to increase the agricultural land.
Akemi is a Japanese name, mostly used as a feminine given name.
The feminine given name Donella is derived from Donald.
José is a predominantly Spanish form of the given name Joseph.
Üllar is an Estonian masculine given name.
Tatsuo Hori, Japanese writer, poet and translator
Differences in spelling can be distinguished in this rhyme:
In Greek mythology, Hermione was the only child of King Menelaus of Sparta and his wife, Helen of Troy.
Ritsuko Akagi, a character in the anime series Neon Genesis Evangelion
As a given name, it ranked 298 out of 1219 for males of all ages in the 1990 U.S. Census.
In some French dialects, the plant is known as geneviève.
Variants of the name include: Eltone, Elton, and Ellton.
Kwabena Boahen, a professor of bioengineering at Stanford University
Aleksy is a given name, and may refer to:
Calvin Valentine, a character in the soap opera Hollyoaks
Ragnall can be Anglicised as Ranald, and Latinised as Reginald, Reginaldus.
It is a variation of Maris, which is Latin for 'of the sea'.
A written final 'г' is pronounced 'k', with the correct result 'Al-yék'.
It is also the name of an ancient yajna mentioned in the Vedas, performed by brahmins upon the victory of a monarch in war.
Renée is a French feminine given name.
Sneha is a Hindu Indian popular feminine given name, which means "love".
As a Christian name, Samuel came into common use after the Protestant Reformation.
Lorraine Broderick, American television soap opera writer
Stephan Bonnar, an American mixed martial arts fighter
Eugenia Errázuriz, Chilean patron of the arts
Sonya and its variations are occasionally found as surnames in England and the American eastern seaboard.
Katsusuke is a masculine Japanese given name.
Jaelyn or Jaelynn, and its masculine equivalent, Jaylin, is an American given name.
It is a German form of Katherine.
Mitsuo Terada, Tsunku's real name, a prolific Japanese record producer, songwriter, and vocalist
Colin is usually pronounced  KO-lin, although some use  KOH-lin.
There is a related but much less common name, Abdul Qadeer, with a similar meaning.
Mami is a feminine Japanese given name.
Common hypocorisms include Ella, Ellie, Elly, Leonor, Leonora, Leonore, Leanora, Lenora, Nell, Nella, Nellie, Nelly, Nelda, Nelle,, Nora(h), Noor, Noreen, Norene, Nonie
Mitsutaka is a masculine Japanese given name.
Over 20 different people with the name was mentioned in the Regesta Norvegica.
It is a common name in many Western societies.
Its root word is the verb fa'ada meaning burning or a flame and lahmun fa'eed means a roasted meat on a fire.
Frederica is a feminine given name meaning "peaceful ruler".
Shane comes from the way the name Seán is pronounced in the Ulster dialect of the Irish language, as opposed to Shaun or Shawn.
Edgaras is a Lithuanian masculine given name.
Galina, Halina, Halyna is a Russian, Bulgarian, Serbian, Slovene, Croatian, and Ukrainian female name.
Nakamura Masanao, Japanese samurai, philosopher and educator
Filippo is an Italian male given name, which is the equivalent of the English name Philip, meaning "friend of horses", from the Greek Philippos.
Carson Robison, American country music singer and songwriter
Pēteris Kalniņš, Latvian luger and Olympic competitor
Subramaniam, Subramanyam or Subramanian is a given name for a South Indian male.
It is sometimes romanized as Ryou, Ryoh, or Ryo.
As an example, one of the forms originates from the Gaelic word for a social celebration,.
-eis is the Old French suffix for -ois, Western French keeps -eis, simplified -is in English.
People with the name Neil or its variant spellings may include:
It is an Anglicised form of the Gaelic Donnchadh.
Bertha Palmer, American businesswoman, socialite, and philanthropist
Ludwig may refer to several notable persons:
The dative has replaced the nominative in a few regional Irish dialects.
Väinö is a masculine given name found most commonly in Finland and may refer to:
The name is also found in the New Testament, as the house of a man named Jason was used as a refuge by Paul and Silas.
Its diminutive forms include Zbyszek and Zbyś.
Other versions of Patrick include Patric, Patrik, Padraic, Pádraig, Pat, and the diminutive Paddy.
Leslie Les Claypool, American bassist and founding member of Primus
Alternately, the derivation could be from the Gaulish word varenna, meaning "enclosed area," related to varros "post."
Lara can be a given name or a surname in several languages.
The Hebrew root sakhah means "to see", so the name Yiskah, with the added future-tense yod, implies foresight.
Iesada is a masculine Japanese given name.
Ludwig Müller, leader of the Protestant Reich Church
Ernő Hetényi, Hungarian tibetologist, scholar and Buddhist
It is derived from the B-S-L root.
Iemon or Yemon is an ancient Japanese given name for men.
It declined below rank 600 by the 1970s, but has again risen above rank 150 in the early 2010s.
Donovan Leitch, Jr., actor and son of Donovan Phillips Leitch
The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya, a 2006 animated Japanese television show based on the novels
Yūsei, Yusei or Yuusei is a masculine Japanese given name.
This pronunciation may have been further promoted in part by the popularity of a perfume brand called Ciara created by Revlon in 1973.
Héri may mean "hare", for which the modern Icelandic name is Héri.
Variants of the name include "Roan", Ruadhán", and "Ruadh".
Gintaras Staučė, former Lithuanian footballer who currently works as a Spartak Moscow goalkeeping coach
Taiwo is a name of Yoruba origin meaning "the first twin to taste the world."
In some cases, they may adopt the name Nana, if they have been named after a monarch.
Gackt, Japanese singer-songwriter and actor has probable birth name Gakuto
The Gis element is derived from gisil, meaning "pledge" or "hostage".
Rajadurai or Rajathurai is a given name for a male Tamils.
Lóegaire Lorc, legendary High King of Ireland of the 6th century BC
This name has become popular in the U.S. in the 2000s.
Its meaning is most often "giant", "tall strong man".
Ianto is the pet form of the name Ifan, one of the Welsh forms of John.
Thus, "lover of horses" can also be understood as "noble".
Masahiro Nakai, Japanese singer, actor and host
Kotaro, Kōtarō or Kotarō is a masculine Japanese given name.
Mitsuko is a feminine Japanese given name.
Alternative spellings of Yechiel include Jehiel, Yehiel, Yechi'el, and Yiddish variants include Ichel, Ychel, and Echiel.
Sachiko is a fairly common Japanese feminine given name that means "child of bliss."
Lex Lasry, Australian lawyer and a judge on the Supreme Court of Victoria
47 on the list of names most frequently given to female infants.
Karel  is a given name in Dutch and Czech, equivalent to Charles, meaning Free Man.
Salome is also the name of a Christian saint, who was traditionally one of the women who witnessed the resurrection of Jesus Christ.
Notable people with this given name include:
Rolando is a Spanish, Italian and Portuguese variant of Roland.
The name was subsequently used as a pseudonym by William Sharp, who authored several romantic works under the name "Fiona Macleod".
Ludomir Różycki, a Polish composer and conductor
Demetrius III Eucaerus, son of Antiochus VIII Grypus, Seleucid King
Hadem is a masculine Arabic given name.
Balthasar Gérard, assassin of William I of Orange
In Hinduism, it is frequently used as an honorific implying the Puranic conception of knowledge and learning.
Minako is a Japanese feminine given name.
Rosemary is a feminine given name, a combination of the names Rose and Mary.
This might come from the name Nalo, which is a name of West African origin meaning "beloved daughter".
Ji-hyun, also spelled Jee-hyun, is a Korean given name, that is a unisex name.
Its rise in popularity is attributed to the female soap opera character Ashley Abbott on The Young and The Restless in 1982.
Mstislav or Mścisław - is a very old Slavic origin given name, consists of two elements: msti - "vengeance" and slav - "glory, fame".
Its most common translation is "spring child", though other kanji provide different meanings.
Also derives from Juliet, the name of the heroine of William Shakespeare's play Romeo and Juliet.
Angelika de la Cruz, Filipina actress and singer
Tatsuo Yoshida, Japanese illustrator and character designer
"It was further popularised in the 1960s by the character Darrin Stephens, from the television show Bewitched."
Julien Viaud, a French novelist and naval officer
Alecia Moore, better known as Pink, US pop singer
Its popularity suddenly peaked beginning in the mid 1960s, reaching rank 25 in 1972 and 1973.
William Yaw Obeng, Ghanaian former American football offensive lineman
The story of Joachim and Anne appears first in the apocryphal Gospel of James.
Maame Yaa Tiwaa Addo-Danquah, Commandant of the Ghana Police Command and Staff College
Teppei Kiyoshi, character in the manga and anime series Kuroko's Basketball
Muhammad Faiyaz Ali Khan, Indian administrator and philanthropist
Donna is an English-language feminine first name meaning "woman" in Italian.
Haruhiro is a masculine Japanese given name.
A shortened form of the given name Cameron is Cam.
Benjamin W. Arnett, African American educator, bishop, and elected official
The Islamic prophet Muhammad, was called al-Amin in his youth
Ayame, a female character in the Power Stone video games
Alanna, Alanah or Alannah or Alenah is a girl's given name which has disputed origins.
Lughaid mac Loeguire, another High King of Ireland
In some cases the given name Brennan may be a contracted form of the given name Brendan.
Jean-Marie Pfaff, a Belgian former football goalkeeper
Drahomíra, a Bohemian duchess is the most famous historical bearer of the name.
June Cochran, an American model and beauty queen
Hortense Sparks Ward, pioneering Texas lawyer and women's rights activist
Andrejs Koroļevs, Latvian-born Polish motorcycle speedway rider
Masaichi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Faith, Hope and Charity, the three theological virtues, are names traditionally given to triplet girls, just as Faith and Hope remain common names for twin girls.
Saint Arsenios the Cappadocian, god father and spiritual father of Saint Paisios of Mount Athos
Benedicta Henrietta of the Palatinate, a German princess
Or, alternatively, the bees brought honey straight to his mouth.
Kumaraswamy or Coomaraswamy or Kumarasamy is a given name for a male South Indians.
The bradán feasa is the Salmon of Wisdom in an Irish legend about Fionn MacCool.
Yuichi Akasaka, Japanese short track speed skater
Reinis is a Latvian masculine given name and surname and may refer to:
However, it has been rare as a given name for newborns in the United States since the 1980s.
Gwynneth, an Australian Masked Owl from the Wolves of the Beyond fantasy novel series by Kathryn Lasky
Stanislav or Stanislaus is a very old given name of Slavic origin, meaning someone who achieves glory or fame.
Ranald Graham, Scottish writer, television director and producer
Hiroya is a masculine Japanese given name.
Eino S. Repo, Finnish journalist and politician
The name is found in United States records from the 19th century; the name Wendy appeared over twenty times in the U.S. Census of 1880.
Kristaps Zaļupe, Latvian sprint canoer and Olympic competitor
The associated name day is March 28.
Mattias is a masculine given name found most prominently in Northern Europe.
Ludvig Schytte, Danish composer, pianist, and teacher
Yumeko is a Japanese feminine given name.
In Turkish, öz means "soul", "nucleus", and/or "self" whereas alp means "stouthearted", "brave", "chivalrous", "daredevil", "valorous", and/or "gallant".
Ippei is a masculine Japanese given name.
Levi Boone, American politician and mayor of Chicago
It has evolved into a French feminine derivative of the masculine given name Nicolas.
Brenda is a feminine given name in the English language.
In Greek mythology, the Moirai, often known in English as the Fates, were the white-robed incarnations of destiny.
Shayne is an English language masculine given name variant of the Irish given name Shane: variant of Sean, linguistically derived from the Hebrew given name John.
Roger G. DeKok, United States Air Force commander
It became popular in German-speaking Europe only from the 16th century, with Habsburg rule over Spain.
Marko Rajamäki, Finnish football manager and former player
Mitsuhisa is a masculine Japanese given name.
Kei is a Japanese male's personal name; used increasingly as a female's personal name, as a shortening of Keiko.
Ekrem Jevrić, Montenegrin singer and musician of Roma
Kuniko is a feminine Japanese given name.
Antanas Mockus, Colombian mathematician, philosopher, and politician
Aksel Fossen, Norwegian politician for the Labour Party
The name is said to have been first coined by R. D. Blackmore for the heroine of his novel Lorna Doone, which appeared in 1869.
In the United States, its use has declined since the mid-1920s.
The naming of several children of celebrities in the past decade has increased the popularity of the name.
Tadataka is a masculine Japanese given name.
She was given the name because she was born in Florence, Italy.
It is a German form of Theodore.
Freya was the 220th most popular name for girls born in Germany in 2007.
Julien Baker, an American singer, songwriter, and guitarist
Tomochika is a masculine Japanese given name.
Takeichi Nishi, Japanese equestrian and Imperial Japanese Army officer
Akua Kuenyehia is a Ghanaian lawyer who served a judge of the International Criminal Court from 2003 to 2015.
Vittorio Cecchi Gori, film producer and politician
The etymology of the name is disputed.
It means 'light', or 'bringer of light'.
Kazi Asad Abid, chairman and CEO of The Daily Ibrat newspaper
Homayoun is a Persian male given name, it also appears as a surname.
Susannah Doyle, English actress, playwright, and film director
Masaharu is a masculine Japanese given name.
Thorolf Skallagrimsson, Icelandic Viking and nephew of the former
Eugenia Smith claimed to be Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia
It is popular in Denmark, Iceland, Finland, Norway, and Sweden, and was largely popularized in the United States by Scandinavian descendants.
Another translation given is "quick on his feet."
Yuuya Watanabe, Japanese Magic: The Gathering player
In the One Thousand and One Nights stories, Rukh helps Sinbad escape from a dangerous island.
In the past it was only allowed to be given to members of the royal family.
It is particularly popular in Wales, and Gary is sometimes taken as a pet form of it.
Dana is also an alternate spelling of the name for Danu, a Celtic fertility goddess.
Prisca, founding leader and prophet of Montanism
It first reappeared among the top 1,000 names for girls in 2004, after a 19 year absence.
After leaving the ministry, he returned to teaching at a University in Iran.
Kensuke is a masculine Japanese given name.
Katya, patron saint of BYU's 100 Hour Board
Muyan, Chinese Chan monk and a founder of the Ōbaku Zen school in Japan
Although the name was in use in Anglo-Saxon England, its use was reinforced by Scandinavian settlers arriving before the Norman conquest of England.
Martine is a female given name and a surname.
Czesław Zbierański, Polish engineer, pioneer of Polish aviation, major of Polish Army
Jean Roqua, trainer of Jake Tyler in the movie Never Back Down
Shuichi Saito, supporting character in the manga Uzumaki
A double diminutive is Aodhagán and its modern form Aogán.
The name Caiside comes from the Gaelic word element cas, according to "Behindthename.com"
Shigetoshi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Aileen Hernandez, American union organizer and civil right activist
In the Vita Merlini, however, Geoffrey Latinizes the masculine name of Gwenddoleu ap Ceidio as Guennolous.
Régis Amarante Lima de Quadros, Brazilian association football player
John Barnhill, American college football player, coach and athletics administrator
This Old Norse name is composed of two elements: regin, meaning "advice", "decision"; and valr, meaning "ruler".
The Japanese name Karin is unrelated to the Western forms.
Ellen Horn, Norwegian ctress, theater director, and politician
Kathryn Joosten, American actress known for roles on The West Wing and Desperate Housewives
Sławomir Petelicki, the first commander of the Polish special forces unit GROM
Luiz Fernando Uva, Brazilian race car driver
Dace is a feminine Latvian given name and may refer to:
Biruta or Birutė is a Latvian and Lithuanian feminine given name, which means "snow", derived from the Lithuanian word byrančiu.
Hideo Fukui, Japanese athlete who competes in triathlon
Most likely, the name is of a modern invention, formed by blending the "Jay" sound from Jason and the "den" sound from Aidan or Hayden.
It is also the basis for various derived given names and surnames.
Mikk Mikiver, stage and film actor and theater director
Hannu Mikkola, retired world champion rally driver
Penelope, a dragon in the animated movie Barbie as Rapunzel
Ludwig Ingwer Nommensen, a German Lutheran missionary to Sumatra who also translated the New Testament into the native Batak language.
Palomma, using double "m", comes from a Neapolitan dialect, made famous in the song "Palomma 'e notte" written by Di Giacomo and Buongiovanni in 1906.
Laurentius Christophori Hornæus, minister and witch hunter in Torsåker and Ytterlännäs, Sweden
Arsenius Apostolius, Greek scholar and Bishop of Monemvasia
Julio is a Spanish male given name.
Leslie Les Reed, English songwriter, arranger, musician and light orchestra leader
Avery was originally more common as a boys' name, but it is becoming more popular and more common as a girls' name.
Satsuki is a traditional Japanese name for the month of May.
Jean Pierre Polnareff, one of the protagonists in part 3 of "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure"
Andrejs Freimanis, Latvian Obersturmführer in the Waffen SS during World War II
Shigeo is a masculine Japanese given name.
Eduardo Martini, Brazilian footballer who currently plays for AA Ponte Preta.
Hannes Aigner, German slalom canoeist and Olympic medalist
Lucius is a male given name derived from Lucius, one of the small group of common Latin forenames found in the culture of ancient Rome.
Gustavs is a Latvian masculine given name and may refer to:
In addition it is notable for one of the sisters of Saint Thérèse of Lisieux, Céline Martin, who also became a nun.
It is also given name in Japan, primarily for women.
Jorge Luis Hirschi Stadium - Jorge Luis Hirschi
In Arabic, including in the Qur'an, the name is spelled يوسف or Yūsuf.
Rex Barney, an American baseball pitcher and announcer
The most famous is Alexander the Great, who created one of the largest empires in ancient history.
It appears in historical records from 15th century onwards, although an uncertain mention dates to the 12th century.
Charis is also the Spartan name of a Grace.
Dag is a masculine Scandinavian given name derived from the Old Norse dagr, meaning "day", most commonly used in Norway and Sweden.
Eino Baskin, Estonian actor, humorist and theatre director
In Breton, it is a male and female name.
Arvo Haavisto, Finnish freestyle wrestler and Olympic medalist
Mihály Balla Hungarian politician and member of the Hungarian National Assembly
Asa: derived from the Hebrew language, as the name appears in the Old Testament to designate the third King of Judah, who reigned for forty years.
Mario Ančić, men's professional tennis player from Croatia
Aya is a common female Japanese given name meaning "design", "colorful" or "beautiful".
Kim is a male or female given name.
It is derived from Latin oliva "olive".
It is relatively common in Slavic-speaking countries, mainly in Bulgaria, Macedonia, Belarus, Russia, and Ukraine.
Edmundas is a Lithuanian masculine given name and may refer to:
Kikuko Masumoto, Japanese pianist, music educator and classical composer
Ayla is a common feminine given name in Turkish.
Ilídio da Costa Leite de Pinho, Portuguese businessman, founder of pt:Fundação Ilídio Pinho for the promotion of science
Yoshikatsu Fujiki, Japanese actor and voice actor
Akimi is a unisex Japanese given name.
In Arabic, the form Ludhriq, used to refer Roderic, the last king of the Visigoths.
Ellen von Unwerth, German photographer and director,
Kanna, guitarist and vocalist from the rock band Bleach03
The English equivalent is Rose, Rosaleen or Rosie.
Hristo Borisov Hall, arena in Varna, Bulgaria
It has a name day in Sweden, on July 18.
Amélie is a French feminine given name, ultimately derived from the Germanic name Amalia.
Jagoda is a gender-neutral surname and feminine given name of Slavic origin.
In Scotland, Jeffrey is most frequently found to be a surname.
Mait is an Estonian masculine given name.
Baldr is also a god in Norse mythology associated with light, beauty, love and happiness.
Masakatsu Funaki, Japanese mixed martial artist and professional wrestler
Masamitsu is a masculine Japanese given name.
It is mentioned several times in the Quran.
In other cases, the given name originates from the Scottish surname Craig, which is also derived from the same Scottish Gaelic word.
Carville was a co-host of CNN's Crossfire until its final broadcast in June 2005.
Cándido Muatetema Rivas, former Prime Minister of Equatorial Guinea
Tomoki is a masculine Japanese given name.
Ramanathan is derived from Rama and the Sanskrit word nath, meaning "lord."
Eero Hyvärinen, Finnish gymnast and Olympic competitor
Takeharu is a masculine Japanese given name.
Bianka is a female name in Hungarian, Polish, Slovak and German.
In Serbia, it was the 6th most popular name in 2011, 4th in 1991, 1st in 1981.
Ilmari Unho, Finnish actor, film director and screenwriter
Osip is a Russian male given name, a variant of the name Joseph.
There several variant spellings of the English given name; these include Randal, Randel, Randell, and Randle.
The name gained popularity further afield in the Muslim World, amongst Turkic peoples and in the Balkans and India.
Wenonah, the mother of Hiawatha in Longfellow's epic poem The Song of Hiawatha
The name Diego can also be found in Italy.
Lóegaire is a popular medieval Irish name borne by a number of historical and legendary figures:
Terry is both a masculine and feminine given name derived from Terence or Teresa.
Andrejs is a Latvian masculine given name.
Etymologically it is derived from the Latin words bene and dicte i.e.
Caterina Mieras, teacher at the Teacher Training School of the Balearic Islands
Julien Jean, a French retired professional football player
Ciara is a popular Irish language female name and was tenth on the list of most popular names given to baby girls in Ireland in 2006.
Diana has consistently ranked among the top 200 names used for girls born in the United States since the 1930s.
Regis Cordic, American radio personality and actor
This association with a shepherd who diligently guides his flock contributed to the name's popularity among monks and popes.
Naoshi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Mihály Csáky, Hungarian noble in the Principality of Transylvania and Chancellor of Transylvania
Ilmari, member of the Japanese hip hop group Rip Slyme
Sawako Agawa, Japanese writer and television personality
Kuroda Kiyotaka, Japanese politician and Prime Minister of Japan
Morimasa is a masculine Japanese given name.
Daniil is a Russian masculine given name, a version of Daniel.
Janey is a diminutive form of the feminine given name Jane.
Paulette Jiles - an American-born Canadian poet and novelist
An alternate spelling of Shanna may be Shana.
Abe  is commonly used in English-speaking countries as a shortened form of the masculine name Abraham, or as a personal name in its own right.
Yoriyuki is a masculine Japanese given name.
Adriano Panatta, Italian former professional tennis player
Terri Irwin, an Australian, American-born naturalist, author, and owner of Australia Zoo at Beerwah, Queensland, Australia
Unrelated names with similar pronunciations occur in other cultures.
Darby is an English locational surname and has since become a given name.
It is of Welsh origin and, as a personal name, was until recently usually given to boys.
Some famous people by this name are
This is because of the belief that God is almighty and no human being is the equivalent to God.
Motoharu is a masculine Japanese given name.
Aitor Tornavaca Fernández, Spanish footballer, currently playing for Real Avilés
AMIT operates more than 110 schools and programs providing a religious Jewish education while incorporating academic and technological studies.
Its variant in Russian is Vladislav; Belarusian - Ŭladzislaŭ; Czech - Ladislav.
All three names have multiple spelling variants which are also well-used.
Kazuhisa Watanabe, Japanese boxer, kickboxer and mixed martial artist
Vishwajeet is an Indian masculine name of Indo-Aryan origin.
In turn, Randy was originally derived from the names Randall, Randolf, Randolph, Bertrand and Andrew.
It is a cognate of the English language name Francis.
The personal name Adam derives from the Hebrew noun ha adamah meaning "the ground" or "earth".
Tauno Luiro, Finnish ski jumper and Olympic competitor
Czesław Miłosz, Polish-American poet and Nobel Prize recipient
Per Aunet, Norwegian politician and former athlete
The given name Otis arose from an English surname, which was in turn derived from Ode, a variant form of Odo, Otto.
In the United States, the name became progressively less used for males, dropping out of the top 1,000 names before 1950.
The name dates back to at least the 14th century.
There was a belief that when jade was placed on the stomach, it could cure colic in babies.
Variants of the name include Alon, Elon, Ilana, and Ilon.
Regis "Pep" Kelly, Canadian ice hockey player
There are two kings called Alf in Norse mythology:
Noriaki Kinoshita, Japanese player of American football
Sarma is a feminine Latvian given name.
Yoshiyasu is a masculine Japanese given name.
The origin of the name lies in Friesland, although the name is quite commonly used throughout the Netherlands and Flanders.
Zinta is a Latvian feminine given name.
It came to be used as a separate German name, given officially in Germany from the later 19th century.
Tomokazu is a masculine Japanese given name.
Oğuz is a common masculine Turkish given name.
Banu, a south Indian film actress introduced in the film Thamiraparani
Cyrus played Miley Stewart on her sitcom Hannah Montana.
It is also well known in Greece but in different forms like Kyriakos.
Yukito Ayatsuji, pen name of Naoyuki Uchida, Japanese writer
Lynette Bishop, a character in the Strike Witches anime
It is a modern Greek form of Αικατερίνη, an original Greek form of Katherine.
Agnes is a female given name, which derives from the Greek name Ἁγνὴ hagnē, meaning "pure" or "holy".
Ludwig II of Bavaria, king of Bavaria
The name is recorded in historical sources among the Slovenes, Serbs, Bulgarians, Czechs, Poles, Croats, Slovenians, Macedonians, Ukrainians and Russians.
Florence is an English given name for girls.
"Ev" is an accepted abbreviation for these two names.
The name is paralleled by the English masculine given name Raven, which is derived from the vocabulary word "raven".
Konstantinos Mitsotakis, former Prime Minister of Greece
Ganesh Shankar Vidyarthi, fighter against oppression and injustice
Miles, Jr., current National Basketball Association player
Ranald MacDonald, English language teacher in Japan
The form Freddie is considered feminine by the British, diminutive of for instance Fredrika.
Kyla Tyson, a fictional character on the television series Holby City
Hisao is a masculine Japanese given name.
Milorad Mitrović, born 1908, a Serbian football defender
Ioan is a variation on the name John found in the Romanian language, the Russian language and in the Welsh language.
Kris Chetan Ramlu, New Zealand musician, also known as Cheats
Haruna is a feminine Japanese given name and surname.
It may be a modern coinage, an elaboration of Middle Welsh ner "lord, chief" using the popular suffix -ys.
It is built of two parts: Shah meaning a king, and Rukh, another enormous mythological bird.
Chiyako is a feminine Japanese given name.
Marcus Antonius claimed that the gens was descended from Anton, a son of Heracles.
Elon, is a Jewish surname or masculine given name, which means "tree" or "oak tree" in the Hebrew language.
Teppei is a masculine Japanese given name.
Meherzaad is a Zoroastrian name which means sun, offspring of sun, spirit of the sun, or born from light.
Donn is a given name in the Irish language.
Katherine Pierce, a character in The Vampire Diaries originally named Katharina Petrova.
It is based on the Biblical Greek Θωμᾶς, which is itself a transcription of the Aramaic Taumā תאומא "twin", the Hebrew cognate being tə'ōm תאום.
It was also among the 100 most common names for girls in Scotland, France, Ireland, Belgium, Canada, Australia, and Northern Ireland in recent years.
Minori Aoi, Japanese model and adult video actress
The name is derived from the Old English elements ēad, meaning "prosperity" or "riches", and mund, meaning "protector".
Giampaolo or Gianpaolo is an Italian given name or surname.
Karine Ruby, French snowboarder and Olympic champion
Neeraj or Niraj is an Indian masculine given name.
Alice is a feminine given name used primarily in English and French.
The English masculine name originates from a French form of the Latin Laurentius, a name meaning "man from Laurentum".
Maria Dobroniega of Kiev - a Slavic princess member of the Rurikid dynasty
Emanuele Filiberto, 2nd Duke of Aosta, eldest son of Amadeo I of Spain
After it had caught on as a common given name, IJsbrand remained popular throughout Dutch history and up to the present day.
Terri Brosius, an American musician and voice actor
Yoshikazu Yasuhiko, Japanese animator and manga artist
Toivo Antikainen, Finnish communist and military officer
Bernie Bickerstaff, American former National Basketball Association head coach
The word Allah exists in the Arabic Talmud and other Jewish scriptures.
Shigetoshi Hasegawa, Japanese baseball player, writer and television personality
The name Ishana is also mentioned in Shiva Mahapurana as one of five names of the god.
Abiha or Abeeha, is an Arabic feminine given name.
Aram is an Armenian patriarch in the History of Armenia, and a popular masculine name in Armenian.
Ashley has not appeared in the top American baby boy names since 1994, but is still used 2%–8% of the time depending on year.
Tomoka is a feminine Japanese given name.
The name day of persons named Spodris is January 28.
Jūkichi, Jukichi or Juukichi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Ivonne is a Hispanic female name derived from the French name Yvonne.
The German given name Johann Georg, or its variant spellings, may refer to:
The female equivalent in Romanian is Ioana.
The name means "victory of a man."
Kalev is an Estonian masculine given name, derived from national folk hero Kalev.
Lembit Sibul, an Estonian humorist and stage actor
In the Czech calendar, it is celebrated on 2 September.
Algirdas Brazauskas, Lithuanian politician, President and Prime Minister
It is derived from the Gaelic, Hebrew, כאלב, and Germanic languages, and it is used largely in the English and Hawaiian languages.
Dougal is an Irish and Scottish masculine given name.
Due to Otto von Bismarck, the given name Otto was strongly associated with the German Empire in the later 19th century.
"Kiko" is also used as a nickname in the Philippines.
Roberts Mežeckis, Latvian professional football player and manager
People with the name or variations thereof include:
Kutalmış is a very rare masculine Turkish given name.
The name can be lengthened to Harrietta or Henriette Henrietta.
The term is the female form of the term for princely rulers in Southeast Asia and applies equally to the wife of a Raja or Rana.
Munemori is both a Japanese surname and a masculine Japanese surname.
Slavoj Žižek, a Slovenian continental philosopher and critical theorist
Kathryn C. Thornton, American astronaut with over 975 hours in space
Princess Charlotte Augusta of Wales, only legitimate child of George IV of the United Kingdom
Sumio is a masculine Japanese given name.
Marcus Hieronymus Vida, 16th-century Italian poet and bishop
Variations of the name include Connie, Constancia, Constanze, Constanza, Stanzy, and Konstanze.
Edwin was a popular name until the time of the Norman Conquest, and then wasn't often used again until Victorian times.
Mira Golubović, Serbian retired professional volleyball player
Danny O'Donoghue, Irish musician, lead singer of The Script
However, as Given Name it means "tulle moon" a combination of both the previous meanings.
Another meaning of Rahul is "offspring of lightning".
Yoshihito is a male Japanese given name.
It is known since the Middle Ages.
June Pointer, an American vocalist best known for her work with The Pointer Sisters
Hern is also common as a surname, including the British Isles variant "A'hern" and the Irish variant "O'Hern".
It is borne by two different Kings of Egypt.
Benedetta is the feminine form of Benedict which means blessed..
Kaoru Maeda is a Japanese professional wrestler better known by the ring name Kaoru.
Tomoyoshi is a masculine Japanese given name.
It is a form of the Germanic and Latin given name "Johannes."
As a surname, it is often Jewish, whilst as a first name it is mostly used in countries where Christianity is the main religion.
Due the Tamil tradition of using patronymic surnames it may also be a surname for males and females.
Toshitsugu is a masculine Japanese given name.
Kensuke Tanabe, Japanese video game designer and producer
The name also specifically refers to a daughter, as a daughter brings joy to the family.
Vilis Lācis, Latvian writer and communist politician
Modris is a Latvian masculine given name, borne by more than 2,500 men in Latvia.
Tewodros I of Ethiopia, Emperor of Abyssinia
Carmelo Martínez, a Puerto Rican baseball player
Nobuyasu is a masculine Japanese given name.
Ingus is a Latvian masculine given name and may refer to:
In Māori, "kiri" means "skin", "bark", or "rind".
Milorad Zečević, a Serbian footballer who plays for Serbian Superliga club FK Smederevo
Viktors Ščerbatihs Latvian weightlifter, politician and Olympic competitor
It is currently the tenth most popular name for baby girls in Italy.
Fatima is also used by non-Muslims: the town of Fátima in Portugal was named after a Moorish princess.
Variant spellings such as "Brien" are sometimes used as female given names, especially among members of the Irish diaspora.
Literally, nandinī means a woman who brings joy.
Its presence is said to be from Spain, however it has also been used in Italy, sometimes as a surname.
It is often short for "Giovanni Piero".
Ādolfs Bļodnieks, Latvian politician, former Prime Minister of Latvia
Forrest B. Royal, member of the United States Naval Academy class of 1915
Beata Szydło, Polish politician and prime minister
Julianne is an English language given name ultimately derived from the Latin Iuliana, the feminine form of Iulianus, probably via the French Julienne.
Caesar von Hofacker, member of the German Resistance
In Turkish, "Bahadır" means "brave", "galahad", "hero", "valiant", and/or "gallant".
Its earliest public record is 1086 at Winchester Castle.
Jenny was originally the diminutive form of Jane, but it is now associated with Jennifer.
For other persons with this name, see Antonia.
Väinö Tanner, Finnish politician, Prime Minister of Finland
Krasimir is a very popular Slavic origin given name derived from words: krasi "resurrect, initiate" and mir "peace, prestige".
Heihachirō is a masculine Japanese given name.
Vidmantas Bačiulis, Lithuanian screenwriter, film and TV film director
Multidisciplinary Accident Investigation Teams of the California Highway Patrol.
It is a short form of Clifford or Clifton.
Norimasa is a masculine Japanese given name.
Tyler is an English name derived from the Old French tieuleor, tieulier and the Middle English tyler, tylere.
Zanis Waldheims, a Latvian geometric abstractionist painter.
Beatrice is a name derived from the French name Béatrice, which came from the Latin Beatrix, which means "she who makes happy".
Alonzo is both a given name and a surname.
Rexhep Meidani, Albanian politician, third President of Albania
In Sweden it has been in use since the late 18th century, being a popular name throughout the 19th century.
Giselle ' is a female given name of French origin.
It is ultimately originated from the Hebrew masculine name Jehohanan or Yohanan meaning 'Jehovah is gracious' or 'The Lord gives mercy'.
Jean-Louis Lefebvre de Cheverus, a French-born American cardinal
文子 - also can be read as "Ayako"
Yasuyoshi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Ayame Sohma, a male character in Fruits Basket
Régis de Trobriand, French aristocrat, lawyer, poet and novelist
Peeter Kümmel, Estonian cross-country skier and Olympic competitor
Kihachi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Mitsuo Shindō, Japanese art, film and music director
Arsenius Walsh, Irish Catholic missionary in Hawaii
Hanna Knyazyeva-Minenko, Israeli triple jumper and long jumper
Endel Laas, Estonian forest scientist and professor
Kara, the alternative spelling, is from the Cornish word, meaning love.
Martina is a female name, a female form of Martin.
The associated name day is March 25.
It is derived from Maria combined with Magdalene.
Even though very uncommon, it is also spelled Susana in Spain and Portugal, where it is more common.
Keiichirō, Keiichiro or Keiichirou is a masculine Japanese given name.
It is related to the feminine name Rima and has the diminutive form Rimutis.
In Hebrew meaning he enlightens, he shines
Derived from the Slavic element mir, Mirna means "peaceful."
Hiroto, member of the visual kei rock band Alice Nine
Ananya is the common English spelling of two Indian given names: the masculine अनन्य ananya and the feminine अनन्या ananyā.
Juan Ignacio Cerra, 20th-21st-century male hammer thrower from Argentina
The associated name day is July 8.
It was ranked as the 231st most popular name for girls born in 2011 in the United States, down from its peak ranking of No.
Aksel Lund Svindal, Norwegian alpine skier from Kjeller
The etymology of this element cannot be recovered with certainty, especially as these names were conflated from an early time with names in Ag- and Agin-.
Prince Kan'in Naruhito, head of the imperial Kanin-no-miya household
Karim is a common given and surname of Arabic origin that means generous or noble.
Aleksi, a Finnish variant, was the third most popular name for boys born in Finland in 2007.
However, this name was derived from Latin Genovefa for Germanic Kenowefa and originally had no link with genièvre, which is not a female first name.
Monika is a female name in German, Scandinavian, Czech, Slovak, Polish, Slovene, Croatian, Lithuanian, Latvian and Hungarian.
People with the Helton surname or given name include:
Morse, the Irish writer Samuel Beckett and the American author Samuel Clemens, who wrote under the pen name Mark Twain.
In eastern European countries like Armenia, Czech Republic, Georgia, Macedonia, Russia, Croatia, Serbia, Slovenia, Poland and Ukraine it has been a common name for centuries.
Hiroyuki Okiura, Japanese animator and anime director
It is of fairly recent creation and has been used for boys and girls.
Mehitable Lamb, a short story by Mary Wilkins Freeman about a girl by this name
It is derived from the Slavic root mil-, "merciful" or "dear", which is found in a great number of Slavic given names.
The meaning differs based on the hanja used to write the name.
Väinö Koskela, Finnish former long-distance runner and Olympic competitor
Fumiko is a Japanese feminine personal name.
Bonnie, Bonny or Bonne is a given name commonly used for females.
Yuichi Ogawa, Japanese politician of the Liberal Democratic Party
Historically, Rosie has been a reasonably popular given name for infants in England and Wales during the early 21st century, as it was in Victorian times.
Prince Florimund, character in some versions of "Sleeping Beauty"
Katsunosuke Hori, Japanese voice actor and actor
Johan is also a masculine given name of Malay language origin, meaning "Champion".
Daisy is a feminine given name, commonly thought to be derived from the name of the flower.
João Paulo is a Portuguese given name, the equivalent of "John Paul" in English.
Fuyuko is a feminine Japanese given name.
Eduardo Adelino da Silva, Brazilian football player who currently plays for Sociedade Esportiva Recreativa e Cultural Brasil.
The name is usually romanized directly into English as Mkrtich, but other romanizations are found:
Yasuhisa is a masculine Japanese given name.
Nobuatsu is a masculine Japanese given name.
Hayato is a masculine Japanese given name.
Priscilla Martel, American chef, food writer and consultant
Other common bases for which the name Fritz was used include the surnames Fritsche, Fritzsche, Fritsch, and Frisch(e).
Later, the name was spread all around the world as Christianity was introduced to other places.
It is also widespread among the modern Jewish communities, especially Sephardic Jews.
Munenori is a masculine Japanese given name.
Taira no Tokiko, wife of Taira no Kiyomori, Japanese samurai
Rajaratnam is a given name for a male South Indians.
Myrrh is a fragrant resin obtained from a tree.
May also be used as a male name.
Ayuka is a feminine Japanese given name.
Tatsuhiko is a masculine Japanese given name.
Wiesław is also a nickname of Władysław Gomułka, Polish communist and the actual head of state in years 1956-1970.
It was the 20th most popular name given to girls born in the United States in 2014.
Also part of Swedish pop band Star Pilots
Goran is a Kurdish name commonly used for males in the geographical region of Kurdistan and by Kurdish people worldwide.
Aileen Allen, American diver who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics
Yuta Nakamoto, Japanese member of Korean boy group NCT
Albina Osipowich, American-Lithuanian two time Olympic Gold Medal winner
Kazuto Izuka, protagonist of the manga series The World of Narue
Among the best-known of those with this name is Laimonis Laizāns, the highly regarded Latvian football goalkeeper.
Karel Slavoj Amerling, a Czech teacher, writer and philosopher
The name is used exclusively by Croats.
Peadar is a masculine given name in the Irish, and Scottish Gaelic languages .
Okumura Masanobu, Japanese print designer, book publisher and painter
Individuals named Krzysztof may choose to celebrate their name day on March 15, July 25, March 2, May 21, August 20 or October 31.
Angelika Hurwicz, German actress and theatre director
It became popular amongst Albanians after Skanderbeg married Andronika Arianiti.
Ryoichi Kimizuka, Japanese screenwriter, television director and film director
Rosalia is a feminine given name of Latin origin meaning "rose" and was the name of an early saint Saint Rosalia.
The Frankish name is composed of the words for "fame" and "warrior" which may be translated to famous warrior or "famous in battle".
Related names in South Slavic languages include Vojko, Vojislav, and Vojteh.
Over a dozen Austrian rulers took the name Leopold, as did nearly a dozen from other European realms.
It is an Anglicised form of the Scottish Gaelic name Raghnall.
Gijs is a Dutch masculine given name, which is a variant of Gijsbert, derived from the German name Gisbert.
In Denmark, Norway and Estonia it is considered a feminine name, while in Sweden and Finland it is considered masculine.
The name is also spelled Khakan or Khaqan in other parts of the world, with the same etymology.
Jean-Marie Leblanc, a French retired professional road bicycle racer
Giselle Laronde, Trinidadian model and 1986 Miss World
However, in the 21st century it has seen a resurgence in popularity.
Viktors is a Latvian masculine given name.
The name Fiona is rising in popularity particularly in German-speaking countries.
Related names include Earla, Earley, Earlie and Erlinda.
Princess Marija of Yugoslavia, the only child of Prince Nikolas of Yugoslavia and Ljiljana Licanin
Tatsuyoshi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Tuukka is a Finnish male given name.
Shigehiro Ozawa, Japanese film director and screenwriter
Hilde Marstrander, Norwegian fashion journalist and illustrator
The word can also refer to a yellowish-orange color.
Asparukh is a Middle Iranian male name, attested in ancient Georgia and early medieval Bulgaria.
Petras Raslanas, Lithuanian communist activist, politician and fugitive
Nicole is a feminine given name and a surname.
A rough translation of it is to learn something new every day: the concept of Jemande personifies general knowledge.
Laurentum was an ancient Roman city of Latium situated between Ostia and Lavinium, on the west coast of the Italian peninsula southwest of Rome.
It was most popular in 1911, when it was the 376th most popular given name for American girls.
Nariyuki is a masculine Japanese given name.
Anna Maria Angelika Jansson, Swedish crime writer and nurse from Gotland
Kimio is a masculine Japanese given name.
In English, the usual pronunciation is /ˈeɪsə/ or /ˈeɪzə/.
Sophia, also spelled Sofia, is a female name derived from σοφία, the Greek word for "Wisdom".
Jānis Paukštello, Latvian stage and film actor
Kadia is a European girl baby name.
Evaristo Felice Dall'Abaco, Italian composer and violinist
The associated name day is December 9.
Yoshisuke is a masculine Japanese given name.
Approximately 22,138 have this name as a given name in Norway and about 52 people have it as a surname.
Demetrius of Thessaloniki, Christian martyr and saint
Fiona was tied for third place in the ranking of most popular names for baby girls born in the tiny principality of Liechtenstein in 2008.
It ranked among the 1,000 most common names for boys born in the United States throughout the mid-1990s.
Masaru is a masculine Japanese given name.
Banri is a masculine Japanese given name.
Patience is an English feminine given name referring to the virtue of patience.
The most common male spelling is "Stacy".
The name is a compound derived from the Old High German Athalwolf, a composition of athal, or adal, meaning noble, and wolf; compare Rudolf.
Evaristo de Churruca y Brunet, Spanish engineer
Marija Bursać, Bosnian Serb Yugoslav resistance fighter
Shakespeare may well have written Innogen, and it was printed as Imogen by mistake, thereafter becoming an accepted form of the name.
Raymond J. Donovan, US Secretary of Labor
Notable people with the name Filippa include:
In its original form Ciarraighe, it denoted the people of Ciar, Ciar being the son of Fergus mac Róich, who gave his name to County Kerry.
Kazutaka is a masculine Japanese given name.
Tetsuzō Iwamoto, Japanese World War II flying ace
It is reconstructed as either Gothic Ferdinanths or Frithunanths.
Daiga is a Latvian feminine given name.
Related names include: Oksana, Axana, Ksenija; Xénia; Senja, and Ksenija, Аксиния Bulgaria.
Lóegaire mac Néill, High King of Ireland in the time of Saint Patrick
Evald Schorm, Czech film and stage director, screenwriter and actor
Russian language diminutives include Sveta and Lana.
Ryūhei, Ryuhei or Ryuuhei is a masculine Japanese given name.
In the Russian language, the name is used in the forms Авраам, Авраамий, Аврамий, Абрам, Абрамий, Аврам, Обра́м, and Абрахам.
The first part can be also derived from "oddalovat", meaning "to delay", hence it can be also interpreted as "someone, who delays/avoids fight".
Ilmar Raag, an Estonian media executive, screenwriter and film director
The name has been used for both boys and girls in the United States.
Katya, an Immortal in Highlander: The Series
Paula Gunn Allen, Native American author and activist
The first living person in Sweden to be given the name 'Ronja' was Ronja Hellqvist from Stockholm, born in 1985.
Alejandro is the Spanish form of the name Alexander.
Carling is a unisex given name of Gaelic Irish origin.
Yuriko is a common Japanese given name, used for females.
It is attested in the form Hagano in Old High German and as Haguna and Hagena in Old English.
Lassana Diarra, French footballer of Malian descent
Some notable bearers of the name Aili:
Variant Yasmine is popular in Brussels, Belgium.
Its Old Church Slavonic form Евгении came from the Greek: Εὐγένης, Εὐγένιος, names derived from the Greek adjective εὐγενής, literally "well-born".
Uģis Viļums, a Latvian professional basketball guard
The common hypocoristic is Alyosha or simply Lyosha.
Allison also has separate, disputed roots as a family name.
Khaled and its variant Khalid is a popular Arabic male given name meaning "eternal", and it also appears as a surname.
Rahman is an Arabic male name, short for Abdu r-Raḥmān "Servant of the Most Merciful", ar-Rahman being one of the Names of God in Islam.
Serpil is a common feminine Turkish given name.
Yoshishige Yoshida, Japanese film director and screenwriter
It is often written with the single kanji 瞳 or the two kanji 仁美.
Also, Ljubica means violet, while the actual flower is Ljubičica, a superdiminutive.
Alexeyevka is a common Russian village name.
Female variants of the name include Christine, Christina, Christiane, Cristiane, Kristen, Kristin, and Kirsten.
Katsunaga is a masculine Japanese given name.
Fumihiro is a masculine Japanese given name.
It was borne by the tragic heroine of Shakespeare's King Lear, a character based on the legendary queen Cordelia.
Donatas Motiejūnas, Lithuanian basketball center and power forward
In English, the female version of the name is "Stephanie".
Porter-rter\) is a common English surname and also a given name.
Takeo is a common masculine Japanese given name.
Marko Dević, Ukrainian football player of Serbian descent
Gabija is a Lithuanian feminine given name.
Hiroto Torihata, Japanese actor and voice actor
Lars is a common male name in Germanic-speaking countries, excluding Great Britain.
The variation Angelina was ranked as the 69th most popular name in 2008 in the United States, while Angel was ranked 160th.
Sławomir Majak, Polish football coach and a former player
Oghuz Turks are the southwestern branch of Turkish clan system.
The Fering name Anders may have been borrowed from the Danish version.
Corrado Demetri della Suburra, name before election of Pope Anastasius IV
Ayaka is a common feminine Japanese given name.
Leana is seen in Hindi and Swedish, and Leena in Finnish.
Levi Leipheimer, American professional road bicycle racer
Bartholomew is an English given name that derives from the Aramaic name meaning "son of Talmai".
Ritsuko Akizuki, a character in the video game series THE iDOLM@STER
Hrafn is both a masculine byname, and personal name in Old Norse.
Shigenori Yamazaki, Japanese actor and voice actor
Tenzin can alternatively be spelled as Tenzing and Stanzin as well.
Gundars is a Latvian masculine given name and may refer to:
It is also used, less commonly, as a given name or nickname.
The name is derived from the Latin family name Maximus, meaning "the greatest".
The short form of the name is Tanya.
Tadanobu is a masculine Japanese given name.
Hirotami is a masculine Japanese given name.
It is composed of Celtic elements meaning "one", and "choice".
In the narrative of Genesis, it refers to the circumstances of Jacob's birth when he held on to the heel of his older twin brother Esau.
The Chidambaram Temple also has a traditional name of Kanagasabai.
The name also originates from the English surname Brandon.
It is derived from the Hebrew verb נתן meaning gave.
Manami is a common feminine Japanese given name.
Eirene was the Greek goddess of peace.
The surname Mkhitaryan is from this name.
It is also considered to be the name of the god of Vastu Śāstra.
Ilídio Machado co-founder of Angola's MPLA liberation movement
While in Afghanistan it translates to "lady", "princess" or "bride".
Garaidh is "acceptably translated into English" as Gary.
It can refer to the following kings of the Franks:
Smeet is a masculine Indian name, somewhat common to the Gujarat and Maharashtra region.
It is both a surname and a given name.
Lester Les Brown, leader of Les Brown and the Band of Renown
Ulysses  is the Latinized version of Odysseus.
Earl G. Graves, Sr., American entrepreneur, publisher, businessman and philanthropist
The name translates into English as "son of Raghnall".
Czesław Lang, Polish former road racing cyclist
Tonye Briggs-Oniyide, Rivers State Culture and Tourism Commissioner
Eero Tapio, Finnish wrestler and Olympic competitor
Alison, variant form Alizon, is a French surname.
Cassidy may have become a first name due to baby-boomer parents naming their children after '70s teen idol David Cassidy or the Grateful Dead song, "Cassidy".
Aya is also an Arabic feminine name written as آية meaning "wonderful", "amazing", "miracle" or "verse".
Stephan or Stefan or Stefhan is a male given name, a variant of Stephen.
Joosep is an Estonian masculine given name, a version of Joseph.
It re-appeared in relatively recent times as a translation of the Yiddish name װאָלף "Volf" or "Wolf," meaning literally "Wolf" in English.
Tomoji is a masculine Japanese given name.
But as the terebinth and oak leave stumps when they are cut down, so the holy seed will be the stump in the land."
Sakiko is a feminine Japanese given name.
Jean-Luc Picard, a fictional starship captain in the Star Trek universe
Eve  is an English given name for a female, derived from the Latin name Eva, in turn originating with the Hebrew חַוָּה.
Bette is a given name, sometimes short for Elizabeth and Bettina, and may refer to:
Due the Tamil tradition of using patronymic surnames it may also be a surname for males and females.
Yoshihisa Naruse, pitcher for the Chiba Lotte Marines of Nippon Professional Baseball
With Csongor and Tünde, Vörösmarty has given new life to the fairy-tale forest whose last visitor was Shakespeare.
Tom Konyves, Canadian poet, pioneer of video poetry
Saint Gaetano dei Conti di Tiene, canonized in 1671, gave rise to the modern given name.
In Arabic, its pronunciation differs based on the spoken varieties of Arabic and consequently in its transcription.
Ally Sheedy, American screen and stage actress
The surname Brenton indicates that one's ancestors came from a place called Brenton near Exminster, England, the original meaning of which was "Bryni's homestead".
The name has been similarly popular in Ireland and the United Kingdom.
They are seen as the source of abundance, creativity and in the earth.
It may come from "Dane", the meaning of the common surname.
Toivo Hjalmar Långström, Finnish politician and trade union activist
Ratko Đokić, "The Godfather", arms dealer, cigarette smuggler, murdered May 5, 2003
Darlene Connor is a fictional character from the television sitcom Roseanne
Roberts Vaux, American jurist, abolitionist, and philanthropist
Hagiwara Hiromichi, Japanese scholar, philosopher, writer and poet
The "yu" part of the name can use a variety of characters, each of which will change the meaning of the name.
Sunil is an Indian masculine given name.
Annabella, Anabella, or Anabela is a feminine given name.
The legendary British queen Innogen was supposedly wife to King Brutus and mother of Locrinus, Albanactus and Camber.
The associated name day is March 20.
"Hansel" is a variant, meaning "little Hans."
Kristjan Sarv, Estonian actor, director and contemporary artist
Ryūnosuke Akasaka, character in the anime and light novel series The Pet Girl of Sakurasou
Gisle is the Norwegian variant of the name.
However, some believe that the name came from the older German word "gries", meaning "gravel" or "stone".
Julien Paluku Kahongya, a politician of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Obinna is an Igbo name, or sometimes surname.
It is a Slavic variation of Turkic or Persian name Arslan/Aslan, which is translated as lion.
referencing the standard interpretation of Estelle as star.
Taichi Mashima, a fictional character from Chihayafuru
Other versions suggest its possible relation to an old Latvian word "gātis" meaning gates or river source.
People with the given name Eino include:
In Polish, the name is spelled Miłosz.
Airi Suzuki, Japanese idol singer, member of Cute and Buono!
Dušan is a Slavic given name primarily recorded among Serbs, Czechs, Slovaks and Macedonians.
The given name Roderick is also an Anglicised form of the Gaelic personal name Ruaidhrí/Ruairí/Ruairi/Ruairidh/Ruaraidh.
Today this original Chelsea is part of the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea and is pronounced  CHELL-see.
Equivalents in other languages are Henry, Enrico, Henrik, Henri, and Henrique.
Aarne Honkavaara, former Finnish ice hockey player and coach
This is also a French given name, notably that of Sainte Genevieve, patron saint of Paris.
Monk Gyatso, a character from the Nickelodeon cartoon Avatar: The Last Airbender.
Marcus was one of the three most common given names in Ancient Rome.
According to the Latvian calendar, the name day for Imants is July 1.
Dunja Mijatović, Bosnian expert on media law and media regulation
Theodoric is a widespread Germanic given name.
Marko Jesic, Australian football player of Serbian descent
One of her epithets was "Brigid of the Holy Fire".
Simone is a female/male given name derived from Simon, Hebrew Simeon, meaning "one who hears".
Hermione is a female given name derived from the Greek messenger god Hermes.
Spelling variants include, but are not limited to, Brook Lynn, Brooke Lynn, Brookelynn, Brookelynne, Brooklynn and Brooklynne.
Originally an Arabic given name, it became widespread throughout the Middle East during the 9th and 12th centuries.
Sakichi, childhood name of Ishida Mitsunari, Japanese samurai
In Ghana, one can respectfully refer to a King or Queen as Nana without mentioning their full name.
Edmund is a masculine given name in the English language.
Kozue Takanashi, character in the manga series Working!
Terri Lyne Carrington, a jazz drummer, composer, and record producer
Ryūsei is a masculine Japanese given name.
The name was among the top 50 most popular given names for girls born in the United States between 1936 and 1956.
Evald Äärma, Estonian pole vaulter and 1936 Olympic competitor
Triin is an Estonian feminine given name.
Gisele or Gisèle is a given name.
Theodoric is an old Germanic name with an original meaning of "people-ruler".
Afreen/Afrin آفرین is a female name usually given meaning the "Most beautiful Princess in the world" and can sometimes mean enlightenment or Hoor of heaven .
Hersh refers to the first name and family names:
Jógvan Isaksen, Faroese writer and literary historian
Albin Grau, artist, architect and occultist, and the producer and production designer for F.W.
Yōhei, Yohei or Youhei is a masculine Japanese given name.
The name has become increasingly popular in South America - particularly Argentina and Uruguay since the early 1990s.
Athan is a Greek male given name, which means "eternal life" or "immortal".
Asparukh of Bulgaria, founder of the First Bulgarian Empire in the 680s.
In the Books of Samuel, Hannah is the mother of the prophet Samuel.
Milica is a feminine name popular in Slavic countries.
Fukuda Chiyo-ni, a Japanese poet of the Edo period
Simonas Stanevičius, a Lithuanian writer and a nationalist activist
As first name it is an alternate spelling of Kyle.
The English cognate of Gérard is Gerard.
In Burmese, kai means "strong" or "unbreakable".
Endel Puusepp, Estonian Soviet World War II pilot
Banu also apparently means "rays from the sun" in Telugu.
Ginny or Ginnie is a feminine given name or nickname, frequently of Virginia.
The associated name day is December 26.
Raul, the traditional variant form in the Portuguese and Italian languages
Ekram is an Indian male given name, which means "honor" in Sanskrit.
Frédéric Bazille, Impressionist painter best known for his depiction of figures
Candido Camero known simply as "Candido", Cuban percussionist
Paula Yates, British television presenter, ex-wife of Bob Geldof
Elemér Pászti, Hungarian gymnast and 1912 Olympic competitor
Jorge Salgado-Reyes, Chilean-born author, publisher and private investigator
Jerrold was initially brought to Great Britain by the Normans.
Aiga is a Latvian language feminine given name, the most popular such name descended from Livonian language origins.
The popularity of the name spread because of Dante Alighieri's poetry about the Florentine woman Beatrice Portinari.
It is a cognate of Peter, which is derived from the Greek word "petros" meaning "stone, rock".
A variant spelling of the Scottish Gaelic Torcall is Torcull.
Mindaugas Sadauskas, Lithuanian swimmer and Olympic competitor
Bonnie is often used as a nickname or a form of endearment towards a loved one.
With the assassination of his son and the death of his patron Tokugawa Ieharu Tanuma fell from power.
The name is from Modern Persian jâwid جاود "eternal".
Its modern use as a given name originates from the transferred use of the English–language surname Randall.
Another modern translation of the Old Norse is the name Stig.
One well-known bearer of the name was singer Ella Fitzgerald.
In 1947 Wanda was cited as the second most popular name, after Mary, for Polish girls, and the most popular from Polish secular history.
Jan is a variant of John known in Catalan, Czech, Slovenian, Dutch, Scandinavian, Cornish, German, Afrikaans and Northern Germanic.
Taichirō, Taichiro or Taichirou is a masculine Japanese given name.
Dalibor is primarily a male given name of Slavic origin, but also a surname specifically in Czech Republic.
Gaetano is an Italian masculine given name.
According to Statistics Sweden, as of December 31, 2002, it ranks 4th among the male names.
Atsuto is a masculine Japanese given name.
Antony Phillipson, British High Commissioner to Singapore
Katarina de Leon, the protagonist in the video game Pirates: The Legend of Black Kat
Himeko is an uncommon Japanese feminine given name.
Julien Outrebon, a French professional football player
This Slavic name is equivalent to Božena in Czech, Slovak and other Slavic languages.
The direct English translation is, "father's heart".
The latter is most likely a Scottish Gaelic corruption of the Norman French Alexandre or Latin Alexandrus, which was incorporated into English as Alexander.
Kęstutis Bulota, Lithuanian multi-sport athlete and Olympic competitor
The name has also been used for numerous saints and queens.
Biruta Lewaszkiewicz-Petrykowska, judge of the Constitutional Tribunal of Poland
W. Kerr Scott, North Carolina governor and US senator
Oreste Pinto, Dutch counterintelligence officer, Lieutenant colonel and author
Mindaugas Žukauskas, Lithuanian basketball small forward, captain and manager
Its meaning is "ready for battle" derived from Old German.
It was revived in the 19th century and is often associated with the Latin name Julius.
It comes from the Latin name Valentinus as in Saint Valentine.
The name was used for India Wilkes, a character in the novel and movie Gone with the Wind.
Prince Takamatsu-no-miya Yoshihito, seventh son of Emperor Go-Yōzei, Takamatsu-no-miya house
Jean Kujo, A French karate expert from Virtua Fighter Series
Prince Joachim Holger Waldemar Christian of Denmark
Eero Lohi, Finnish modern pentathlete and Olympic competitor
French forms Inès and Ines were both ranked among the top 10 names for girls born in Brussels, Belgium in 2008.
Katharina Thalbach, German actress and film director
Raül, the traditional variant form in the Catalan language
A Cornish form, it is cognate with the Welsh form Gwenhwyfar and with the Old Irish Findabair.
Ekaterina is a feminine given name, and an alternative transliteration of the Russian Yekaterina.
Ryuichi Murata, Japanese judoka and mixed martial artist
Due the South Indian tradition of using patronymic surnames it may also be a surname for males and females.
Short forms: in English, Theo, Ted, Teddy.
Dunja Ilić, Serbian pop singer, songwriter and composer
Its popularity reached a peak in the 1960s but subsequently declined.
The Finnish form of the name is Akseli.
Penelope Fitzgerald, Booker Prize-winning English novelist, poet, essayist and biographer
It is the shortened, more common, form of the personal name Wielisław.
In 2004, it was ranked third behind Anna and Guðrún.
Jean-Marie Rouart, a French novelist, essayist and journalist
Popularity of the name declined after the medieval period, but it was revived in the 20th century.
Nobuhito is a masculine Japanese given name.
Jitendra Malik, Professor at the University of California, Berkeley
Hilde Schramm, daughter of German architect and war criminal Albert Speer
Due the South Indian tradition of using patronymic surnames it may also be a surname for males and females.
Prisca, Roman empress, wife of Diocletian and mother of Galeria Valeria
Raivo is an Estonian male given name.
Vilis Daudziņš, Latvian theater and film actor
It is a Latinate feminine form of the name Julius.
Danilo I, Prince of Montenegro, Prince-Bishop of Montenegro
Anglicizations of Seán include Shaun, Shawn and Shon.
Mathen is a given name of Nasrani origin.
Uilleam is a masculine given name in the Scottish Gaelic language.
Julien Saubade, a French rugby union player
Akira is a common Japanese given name.
Angelika Speitel, former member of the West German terrorist Red Army Faction
This is because of confusion related to popular Islamic woman figure "Umm-e-Ayman", which parents name their daughter after.
Tristan or Tristram is a given name of Welsh origin.
The name is at least as old as the 12th century, when it was a distinguished name for the Lords of Haarlem.
It can also come from 智 meaning "wisdom, intellect" and 美 meaning "beautiful".
Sakhra or Sakhrah is a feminine given name which is used in the Arab world and in Muslim majority countries.
June C. Smith, an American jurist, Chief Justice of the Illinois Supreme Court
Forrest W. Seymour, Pulitzer Prize–winning journalist for the Des Moines Register and Worcester, Massachusetts Telegram
It is derived from the Sanskrit verbal root nand, which means "to rejoice, delight".
Tatsurō, Tatsuro or Tatsurou is a masculine Japanese given name and may refer to:
It is also a short name for Naoko, Naomi, Naoto, etc.
This is a cultural practice of the Akan people of Ghana and the Ivory Coast.
Imelda Lambertini, 14th-century Italy Dominican child saint
Kan'ichi or Kanichi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Bhavesh or Bhavish is a given Indian male name.
Aya is also in use in the Hebrew language and means "to fly swiftly" or "bird".
Drusilla of Mauretania the Elder, possibly the granddaughter of Cleopatra and Mark Antony
Ian, Iain is a name of Scottish Gaelic origin, ultimately derived from Hebrew Yohanan and corresponding to English John.
Marinus van der Goes van Naters, Dutch nobleman and Labour politician
Kazuki Takahashi, Japanese manga artist and game creator
Sukehiro is a masculine Japanese given name.
The name Luke is the English form of the Latin name Lucas.
Clare is a given name, the Medieval English form of Clara.
Kallen is both a surname and a given name.
Patriarch Arsenius of Alexandria, Patriarch of Alexandria from 1000 to 1010
Alexis is a given name derived from the Greek word ἀλέξω or aléxo, meaning "to help, defend."
The word is also part of phrases, including Tropical Storm Chris, Ruth's Chris Steak House, and many more which refer to notable people, places, and things.
Lóegaire Búadach, hapless would-be hero of the Ulster Cycle
Hironori is a masculine Japanese given name.
Chelvanayakam or Selvanayagam is a given name for a male Tamils.
the 18th century Shaheed Bhai Mani Singh and the Indian freedom fighter Shaheed Bhagat Singh.
The name also has another meaning: "He who holds firm to good."
Paulette Zang Milama - a Gabonese track and field sprint athlete
Andris Šķēle, Latvian politician, businessman, former Prime Minister of Latvia
The feminine Javiera, Saveria, Zaviera, and Saverina are less common.
De Kok or DeKok is a Dutch occupational surname.
It appears in Landnámabók and therefore predates the settlement of Iceland.
His poems are considered the paragon of unrequited chaste love.
In the 12th century the surname was taken from England to Scotland by Sir William de Graham, who founded Clan Graham.
Per Ahlmark, Swedish writer and former politician
The Czech form of this name is Zbyněk.
Kęstutis Šapka, Lithuanian high jumper and Olympic competitor
It has been moderately popular in the United States and was listed in the top 100 boys names in the U.S. in 2005.
In Scotland it is an anglicized female version of the Scottish male name Acair, meaning "anchor".
Chinami Oka, a character from Golden Time
Several names have descended from Aiga, among them being Aigis, Aigija, Aigins, Aigisa, and Aigita.
The other spelling without ð is also common.
Mats Sundin, former Swedish ice hockey player
Andrejs Perepļotkins, Ukrainian-born Latvian football forward and midfielder
Tadanaga is a masculine Japanese given name.
Shōzō Hayashiya IX, Japanese comedian and voice actor
Naoto is a common masculine Japanese given name.
Algirdas Vaclovas Patackas, Lithuanian politician and writer
Arjumand Banu Begum, Shah Jahan's wife, for whom he built Taj Mahal
Jūbei is a Japanese given name, which may refer to:
Iraj Malekpour, Iranian Professor of Space Physics
Sigríður is one of the most frequently given female names in Iceland.
Grimm interpreted the name as that of a hero in front of whom walks the "wolf of victory".
Bar-, "son of" in Aramaic, is also seen, e.g.
Due the Tamil tradition of using patronymic surnames it may also be a surname for males and females.
The associated name day is July 31.
Simone Inzaghi, Italian former footballer; brother of Filippo Inzaghi
Mihkel Raud, musician, television personality and politician
The name Bailey is used for both boys and girls in the United States.
Nicknames that are derived from Willem are Jelle, Pim, Willie, Willy and Wim.
Being a Christian name, it dates back to Saint Nino.
Levi Eshkol, Israeli politician and Prime Ministers of Israel
Jun'ya or Junya is a masculine Japanese given name.
Kate is a feminine given name and nickname.
Ganesh Asirvatham, English language teacher from Klang, Selangor
The original Anglo-Saxon form is Eadwine, which is also found for Anglo-Saxon figures.
Trygve Reenskaug, Norwegian computer scientist and professor
Hisako Sasaki or Akira Hokuto, Japanese professional wrestler
Afua is an islet in the Fakaofo island group of Tokelau, near Fenua Fala.
Gen'ichi or Genichi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Masato Ichishiki, author of the SD Gundam comics
Rieko is a feminine Japanese given name.
Voldemārs is a Latvian masculine given name.
and years: the grandfather decided for the grand-child.
Erion is an Albanian male given name, which means "wind from the Ionian sea".
The name was "first brought to public attention" in the English-speaking world in the late 1950s by American actor Darren McGavin.
Joan Enric Vives Sicília, the current Bishop of Urgell and ex officio Co-Prince of Andorra
Les Kaufman, evolutionary ecologist, Professor of Biology at Boston University
Prince Hisahito of Akishino, son of Prince and Princess Akishino
Forrest E. Peden, United States Army soldier
The Sanskrit word sunīla means "dark", "very black/blue".
The name consists of two elements, ča and slav.
Shōzō, Shozo or Shouzou is a masculine Japanese given name.
Daniel Burley Woolfall, former President of FIFA
Carl Ally, American advertising executive who founded Ally & Gargano
Sachio is a masculine Japanese given name.
María José is a Spanish language female given name.
Ranald S. Mackenzie, United States Army officer and general during the Civil War
Benedicto is both a given name and a surname.
The meaning of the name is disputed.
Hanne, a German and Dutch short form of Johanna, itself a feminized form of Iohannes, which means God is gracious.
Saint Arsenius the Great, also known as Arsenius the Deacon, Arsenius of Scetis and Turah, and Arsenius the Roman
An early female form is recorded as Aubrée and does not share the same etymology.
Raḥmān is the elative of raḥīm "merciful", based on the triconsonantal root R-Ḥ-M With nisba, the name becomes Rahmani and is used as a surname.
Tetsurō, Tetsuro or Tetsurou is a masculine Japanese given name.
The name Bek is most often used as a boy name or male name.
Hilton Dawson, British Labour Party member of Parliament
It corresponds to the Latin name Beatrix and the English and Italian name Beatrice.
It is composed of the elements miro 'peace' and sław 'glory, fame', thus a person who loves peace, alternatively someone who achieves fame by establishing peace.
The name became so popular in England that the phrase "Tom, Dick, and Harry" began to be used to refer to men in general.
Kerr Avon, fictional character from Blakes 7
Gwyneth Scally, a visual contemporary artist from Tucson, Arizona, United States
Lajos Aulich, second Minister of War of Hungary
Ganesh Man Singh, commander of Nepalese democratic movement of 1990 AD
Alternate, archaic forms are Włodzisław and Włodzisława.
Christian originated as a Baptismal name used by persons of the Christian religion.
Mindaugas is a Lithuanian masculine given name and may refer to the following individuals:
Hannes Lembacher, Austrian fencer and Olympic competitor
Jean-Marie Guyau, a French philosopher and poet
In Arabic, Nadiyyah means tender, delicate or "the calling".
Tomoka Osakada, character in the manga series The Prince of Tennis
The Portuguese and Spanish variant is spelled Camila, in Slavic languages it is Kamila.
Shūzō, Shuzo, Shuzoh or Shuuzou is a masculine Japanese given name.
Similar ancient names are Nathaniel, with the same meaning as Elnathan, and Jonathan which signifies "YHWH has given".
Shigeharu Shiba, Japanese anime director and producer
Individuals with this name may choose their name day from the following dates: January 21, April 25, June 7, or August 1.
Common nicknames are Rob, Robbie or Bobby.
Penelope Shafai, in the Gossip Girl TV series
Raminta is a Lithuanian feminine given name.
Ignas is a Lithuanian masculine given name.
HEIKI ROKKA is an Estonian masculine given name, variant of Hendrik
People with the given name Albin include:
It is also related to the name Belle, which means beautiful in French.
Abdul Qadir, Abd al-Qadir or Abdulkadir is a male Muslim given name.
The spelling with K, Nikola, reflects romanization of the Cyrillic spelling, while Nicola reflects Italian usage.
Sayeeda Warsi, Baroness Warsi, British lawyer and politician
Halah as a given name or a surname can be associated with:
The name is composed of two elements: the first, muir, means "sea"; the second element, gus, means "choice".
Another meaning: mother in Swahili; flower in Old Greek, and fire in Quechua.
Marinus Antonius "Mario Been, Dutch football player and manager
Kathryn Hay, Tasmanian Labor politician and member of the Tasmanian House of Assembly in the electorate of Bass
It has not been ranked among the top 1,000 names for girls born in the United States since 1998.
Takeaki is a masculine Japanese given name.
Isabelle Abiera, a Filipina actress and model
A popular Ukrainian and Belarusian female name Olesia/Olesya/Alesia/Alesya is one possible form.
A diminutive form of Nóra is Nóirin; this name has numerous Anglicised forms, such as: Noreen, Norene, Nóinín and Norine.
Zentarō, Zentaro or Zentarou is a masculine Japanese given name.
Theodora is first attested in Mycenaean Greek, written in the Linear B syllabic script, as 𐀳𐀃𐀈𐀨, te-o-do-ra.
It is commonly used by Albanian Christians.
Julien Lepers, a French television and radio host
Nicknames of Dagmar are Dagie, Dagmarka, Dasha, Dáša, Digi, and Mara; Dagi and Daggi.
Asa: Hebrew means healer and/or physician, Ase.
Veasna is a given name of Cambodian origin meaning "good lucky".
Calvin Zabo, Mister Hyde, supervillain in Marvel Comics
Shigeyasu is a masculine Japanese given name.
The earliest form of the given name Angus, and its cognates, occurs in Adomnán's Vita Columbae as Oinogusius, Oinogussius.
Marinus Sanutus the Elder, Venetian statesman and geographer
Saint Cyril of Jerusalem was a 4th-century bishop and a Doctor of the Church.
Yoshiya is a masculine Japanese given name.
Daniel Alves, Brazilian international footballer, currently playing for Barcelona
Kana is a feminine Japanese given name.
Ludwig Spohr, German composer, violinist and conductor.
Lajos Koltai, Hungarian cinematographer and film director
Jinpachi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Takehito Harada, Japanese video game artist and illustrator
Claire or Clair  is a given name of Latin/Viking origin via French; the name could mean "clear" or "famous".
Émilien is a French masculine given name and may refer to:
The Portuguese equivalent is António or Antônio.
Arvis Liepiņš, Latvian cross-country skier and Olympic competitor
The Phoenician name Hannibal derives from the same Canaanite root and means 'My grace is ba'al'.
Notable people with the name Ivy include:
Andrejs Pumpurs, Latvian poet and independence activist
Teodor Anghelini, retired Romanian football player and coach
Neha is a popular Hindi/Sanskrit Indian feminine given name, which means Love.
Fredrik Ludvig Konow, Norwegian Minister of Finance
Sint Pieter, a village now incorporated in Maastricht
Mael is an old Celtic name from Ireland, Wales and Brittany.
It is the male version of the name Inga, used in the same region.
Gavin also shares an origin with the Italian name Gavino, which dates back to ancient Latin.
Ignacio Piñeiro Martínez, 19th-20th-century black Cuban musician and composer
Yūjirō, Yujiro or Yuujirou is a masculine Japanese given name.
Mathilda is a female name, of Germanic Gothic derivation, derived from words corresponding to Old High German "maht" and "hild".
Jonas is a common male name in many Western world countries.
In addition, Cate is also a surname.
In the United States, Wanda attained its highest popularity in the year 1934 peaking then at No.
Cajetan, pseudonym of the Austrian physician and illustrator Anton Elfinger
Demetrius, a character in Mira Nair's Mississippi Masala
Villu is an Estonian masculine given name, a version of William.
Rae is a Hebrew unisex given name.
In Hinduism, the name has been derived from Sanskrit name Arun.
He was also known to carry a magic shovel he stole from a Lich.
The Galician form of the name is Xoana.
Hortense Toomey Campanati, in the novel Earthly Powers by Anthony Burgess
Mart Helme, Estonian historian, journalist, diplomat and politician
The meaning of the name is from a Germanic compound Bern-hard meaning "bear-hardy/brave/strong", or "hardy/brave/strong as a bear".
Serena van der Woodsen, Gossip Girl character
Kei can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
Michiru, a character in the Japanese visual novel series Air
Aleksandrs Starkovs Latvian footballer and football coach
Lærke was first invented as a name by poet Sigfred Pedersen who named his firstborn Lærke in 1946 in Denmark.
Its use as a first name in England began in the 12th century.
Forrest Twogood, minor league baseball player, college basketball and baseball coach, and college athletics administrator
Arvis Piziks, Latvian professional road bicycle racer
Stephan El Shaarawy, Italian footballer who plays for A.C. Milan
It ultimately derives from the Hebrew name "מתתיהו" which means "Gift of Yahweh".
It is especially popular in Turkey, as it respects Turkish vowel harmony and the end syllable "-han" can be interpreted as the Turkish variant of "Khan".
In Arabic, Nehal is a collective word.
Sinisa Malesevic MRIA, political/historical sociologist at the University College, Dublin
Carlos Alberto dos Santos Gomes, Brazilian footballer
Hessa bint Salman Al Khalifa, Bahraini queen
Eduardo Panlilio, Filipino politician and former priest, elected governor of Pampanga
Winnie or Winny-ny\) is a male and female given name of Welsh origin, a short form of Edwina, Winifred or Winnifred, Gwendolyn, Guinevere, Gwyneth, and Wynne.
In 2004, it was ranked first before Anna and Sigríður.
Johan Reinholdz, Swedish guitar player in Andromeda, NonExist and Skyfire
Travis Mayweather, character in the American TV series Star Trek: Enterprise
In the Raute language of Nepal, Aya refers to one's sister-in-law, meaning the wife of one's elder or younger brother.
Maki is a very common feminine Japanese given name which can also be used as a surname.
Hiroaki Gōda, Japanese anime director and screenwriter
The NRC birth registry thus suggests the meaning "iron sword".
The name is also attested in medieval Scandinavia, as Old Norse Arnúlfr.
Marius is a male given name, a Roman family name, and a modern surname.
Some theories state that it originated from an Anglicisation of the Irish first name Darragh or Dáire, meaning "oak tree".
Jed is a masculine given name or nickname.
The patronymics based on Alexey are Alexeyevich and Alexeev and Alexeyevna and Alexeeva.
Both Henrietta and Harriet were ranked in the top 1,000 most popular names for girls in the United States during the 1960s.
One proposed meaning is "brown"; another proposed meaning is "lord".
Sheila is a common feminine given name, derived from the Irish name Síle, which is believed to be a Gaelic form of Cecilia.
Goran is not to be confused with the Kurdish word, Gorran, which means Change and is also the name of a Kurdish political faction in Iraq.
Prince Arisugawa Takehito, Japanese prince and Imperial Japanese Navy admiral
Hilde Sherman, German Holocaust survivor and memoirist.
An earlier form of the name, Caritas, was an early Christian name in use by Romans.
Eiji is a common masculine Japanese given name.
Petra, originally known to the Nabataeans as Raqmu, is a historical and archaeological city in southern Jordan.
Borislav Stanković, a Serbian former basketball player and coach
Lester Les Costello, Canadian ice hockey player and Catholic priest
Johan van Minnen, Dutch journalist and politician
Trina is a common female first name of Scandinavian origin.
Česlovas Kundrotas, Lithuanian long-distance runner and Olympic competitor
Later the variant Rangdid was common in the Middle Ages.
It is used in Italian, Portuguese and Spanish.
Martynas is a Lithuanian masculine given name.
Hiroyuki Suzuki, Japanese figure skater and coach
Konstantin of Rostov, Grand Prince of Vladimir
Jānis Tilbergs, Latvian painter and a sculptor
Sakichi Sato, Japanese actor, film director and screenwriter
Philippson is a patronymic surname meaning "son of Philipp", the German language given name variant of "Philip", both derived from philippos, of Ancient Greek origin.
The Gaelic name has several Anglicised forms, such as Cathel, Cahal, Cahill and Kathel.
Louis Julien Demers, a merchant and political figure in Quebec
In other cases the surname Broderick is an Anglicised form of the Welsh ap Rhydderch, meaning "son of Rhydderch".
Michitarō, Michitaro or Michitarou is a masculine Japanese given name.
In the King James Bible, the Greek "Ἀνδρέας" is translated as Andrew.
Ernő or Erno is a Finnish and Hungarian masculine given name.
Eden Brekke, superintendent of Parks and Alderman of the 37th Ward, Chicago
Demetrius of Alopece, Greek sculptor noted for his realism
Terri Rogers, a transsexual English ventriloquist and magician
Minami is both a Japanese surname and a female Japanese given name.
Danilo Medina, President of the Dominican Republic since 2012
Keishi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Abid Kovačević, former Bosnian association football player
Daniel Agger, Danish international footballer, formerly of Liverpool
There are various theories on the meaning of "Oğuz".
There are also female names derived from vuk: Vuka, Vukana, Vujana, Vukava, Vučica, Vukadinka, Vujadinka, Vukmira, Vukomirka, Vukomanka, and Vukosava.
Noriaki Kakyoin, character in the manga series JoJo's Bizarre Adventure
Toshihito is a masculine Japanese given name.
Julien Josephson, an American motion picture screenwriter
Kaname is a Japanese unisex name, and may refer to the following people:
In Roman legend Cloelia was a maiden who was given to an Etruscan invader as a hostage, but managed to escape by swimming across the Tiber.
Kjartan Sveinsson, Icelandic keyboardist of the band Sigur Rós
Shun Yashiro, Japanese actor and voice actor
In Denmark, 8079 men were called "Kjeld" and 5491 "Keld".
There are various alternate forms of the name: Tristen, Triston, Tristin, Tristian, Trystan, and Trysten.
Angelica is a female given name and a variant of Angelika.
Julien Dunkley, a Jamaican track and field athlete
Jean-Marie Charpentier, a French architect and urban planner
Ikumi is a feminine Japanese given name.
The French forms are Ferrand, Fernand, and Fernandel, and it is Ferdinando and Fernando in Italian.
Priscilla Wakefield, English Quaker educational writer and philanthropist
The name was at its top in 1905.
The name is also found in modern Africa, as well as in Asia.
Enrique is the Spanish variant of Heinrich of Germanic origin.
Voldemārs Ozols, Latvian military commander, military theorist and politician
Włodzimierz is a Polish variant of the Slavic name Vladimir.
Arumugam or Arumukan is a given name for a male Tamils.
It can be used as a nickname for Joseph, Jude, Judith, Joan, and a variant for Jo.
Isabella is a feminine given name, which is the Latinised form of Elizabeth.
Léonce Verny, French officer and naval engineer
Anglicised forms of Raghnall include: Ranald, Randal, Rannal, and Ronald.
An early bearer is Antipope Paschal, and Pope Paschal I.
The name is romanized in Turkish as Mıgırdiç:
The name has since become popular in England, Scotland and Ireland.
Laurence is an English and French given name.
Katsuhiro Mori, Japanese Magic: The Gathering player
Johan Harmenberg, Swedish Olympic champion épée fencer
Taavi Rõivas, Estonian politician and the Prime Minister of Estonia
The names Diego and Diogo are also Iberian versions of Jaime.
João Paulo Silva Freitas Fajardo, Portuguese footballer
Katalin Vad Hungarian female pornographic film actress.
From 1976 to 1995, "Amanda" ranked in the ten most popular female baby names in the United States.
The syllable ko is not generally found at the end of masculine names.
Irmak is a common feminine Turkish given name.
It has sometimes also been seen as a Russian form of the name Dorothy.
Miyako Miyamura from ef - a tale of memories
This generally refers to a male ancestor such as a deceased father, grandfather, or great grandfather.
Albin Gutman, Slovenian general, who is currently Chief of the Generalstaff of the Slovenian Armed Forces
According to some sources, it comes from an Old English word meaning "grey home".
The name is an English version of the French Henriette, a female form of Henri.
Forrest McClendon, American stage actor, singer, and professor
The conflict had seen widespread persecution of ethnic Albanians in Kosovo as Kosovo sought to gain independence from Yugoslavia.
Masato is a masculine Japanese given name.
Amal is an unisex given name of Arabic and Celtic origin.
Kōhei, Kohei or Kouhei is a masculine Japanese given name.
"Lana" also has Persian, Kurdish and Sanskrit origin.
"neman" = dragon/demon and "ja" = I(me) which is a grammatical addition that converts the meaning to an action with the first word.
Indrani is the name of Shachi, wife of Hindu God Indra.
In the Greek language, it means "light"-similar to the Arabic name Noor with the same meaning.
The common Celtic root must be *isarno-biuos or *-ue(s)uos.
In Wales, Mael is the legendary name of Roycol's son.
Ayako can be written using different kanji characters and can mean, e.g.
Iyabo Obasanjo-Bello, daughter of Nigerian former president.
Väinö Muinonen, Finnish long-distance runner and Olympic competitor
The Spanish version of this last name is Cortés or Cortez.
Lawrence of Rome, Saint Laurentius of Rome, Italian deacon and saint, born in Spain
Yasutaka is a masculine Japanese given name.
Nagisa is a Japanese given name used by either sex and is occasionally used as a surname.
Alf son of Sigar, a king in Norse mythology
Ernő Béres, Hungarian long-distance runner and Olympic competitor
In Romanian, it is a feminine name, derived from the name Daniela; the Romanian masculine form being Dan/Daniel.
Hisayo is a feminine Japanese given name.
"Wolf" or "wulf" is a popular element of the common dithematic Germanic names.
It may be a short form of the female name Rachel, which means "ewe" in Hebrew.
Meelis, the main character from Enn Kippel's 1941 novel Meelis
Bartholomew is also an English or Scottish surname with the same meaning as the above as a given name.
Gia is a most likely English female name, used as short for the Italian name Gianna or Georgia.
Karin or Carin is a common feminine given name in various Germanic languages, and Estonia and Slovenia, and in some French-speaking areas, as well as Japanese.
It is also a form of 'Leah', 'Lea', or 'Leia' in some Romance languages.
Kenichiro Fukui, Japanese video game composer and musician
Marija is the most common female name in Croatia.
Yukinori Taniguchi, Japanese businessman and racing driver
Their success in Suriname began in the late Victorian era with the development into the agriculture sector with plantations.
Eerik-Niiles Kross, Estonian diplomat, intelligence chief, entrepreneur and politician.
Originally a nickname, it later became a given name.
The Hebrew name יוֹחָנָה Yôḥānnāh forms a feminine equivalent in Hebrew for the name Joanna and its variants.
Serena, the beautiful pen and mate of Louis in EB White's The Trumpet of the Swan
Valdis Dombrovskis, Latvian politician, Prime Minister of Latvia
Eizō, Eizo or Eizou is a masculine Japanese given name.
Katya Derevko, on the ABC television series Alias
The name Cathrinus is mainly used in Dutch and Scandinavian-speaking countries, but has also been found in the German-speaking realm, e.g.
Gwyneth is also the name of the following fictional characters:
The name is from Old German gesel meaning to "pledge" and variant of Giselle, Gisela etc.
The associated name day is August 18.
Antti is a Finnish masculine given name derived from the Greek name Andreas.
Eilidh is a diminutive for Eilionoir, the Scottish version of Eleanor.
Ilze Bērziņa, Latvian chess player and Woman Grandmaster
Setareh is a feminine given name of Persian origin meaning "star" or "fate".
The masculine version of this name is Samir.
Eino is a Finnish and Estonian masculine given name.
Håkan Andersson, Swedish former motocross World Champion
Kazuki Yao, Japanese voice actor and actor
Robin is occasionally found as a surname in English language-speaking countries.
Masahide is a masculine Japanese given name.
Motomu Kiyokawa, Japanese actor and voice actor
Takeko is a feminine Japanese given name.
Mitsumasa Yonai, Japanese admiral, politician and Prime Minister of Japan
A name belonging to an amazing and beautiful girl.
Ciarán or Ciaran, pronounced  KEER-ən or  KEER-awn, is a Gaelic male given name.
Its popularity has again been on the rise since the 2000s, reaching rank 100 in 2002 and rank 41 in 2012.
Sameer is an Asian male name meaning wind common in Asia, Africa, the Middle East, Russia, Central Asia, Europe and elsewhere.
Bogna - is a Slavic origin female given name and may be a diminutive form of names: Bogdana, Bogusława, Bogumiła .
Itaru is a masculine Japanese given name.
Jeannie Blaylock, American television journalist and news anchor
As a surname and given name it is an Anglicised form of the Welsh Rhydderch.
Ignacio Suarez, a fictional character on the television show Ugly Betty
As a first name, Lindsey was the 570th most popular name for girls born in the United States in 2014, while Lindsay ranked 653rd.
June Foray, an American voice actress who has worked for most of the studios which produced animated films since the 1940s
Allegra is a female given name of Italian origin meaning joyful or lively.
As an English name, it has been in use since the Middle Ages, although it did not become common until modern times.
Kanagasabai is a given name for a male Tamils.
Murchadh is masculine given name in the Irish and Scottish Gaelic languages.
Isabelle Breitman, a French actress and director
In Islam, the most famous "Yusuf" is the prophet Yusuf in the Quran.
Another earlier form of Séamas is Séamus, which is partially Anglicised as Seamus.
It was originally derived from the names Randall, Randolf, Randolph, as well as Bertrand and Andrew.
Rhydian is a male given name of Welsh origin.
Mikalojus is a Lithuanian masculine given name derived from Nicholas.
It is popular in Russia, Ukraine, Serbia, Bulgaria, Croatia, Belarus, Macedonia, Montenegro, and is also notably becoming popular in Romance-speaking countries since the 20th century.
Enric Bernat, the founder of the Chupa Chups lollipop company
Yoshitomo is a masculine Japanese given name.
Juanfran, Spanish football winger, born Juan Francisco Moreno Fuertes
Dejan was a Serbian magnate in the Serbian Empire.
Appollinaris is the name of several ancient Christian saints.
Kyoji Shinkawa a minor character of the light novel series Sword Art Online
It is the root of the names Adolf, Albert, Alice, and their variants in other languages.
Fumihiro Oikawa, Japanese figure skater and journalist
Verity is also a surname, which may have more ancient unrelated origins, possibly being a corruption of a similar word.
The name has been well-used in English-speaking countries.
Yogesh is an Indian masculine given name.
Khim Veasna, Cambodian politician, a member of the Sam Rainsy Party
Asko is a male given name common in Finland and Estonia.
It originates from the Arabic language, meaning chosen.
Antoine is a French given name that could mean beyond praise or highly praise-worthy.
It also occurs as a surname in England.
Arvo Viitanen, Finnish cross-country skier and Olympic medalist
It is common in the English-speaking world.
SANAE is the South African National Antarctic Expedition.
Dove  is a given name in the English language.
Although similar to Adrian, a name of Latin origin, the Albanian name Ardian is a derivation of Ardiaei, the name of an ancient Illyrian people.
In 2014, it came in at No.
Adolfas Tautavičius, Lithuanian archaeologist and Habilitated Doctor
These Germanic names made reference to either the god Ing or to the tribe of the Ingvaeones.
For the meaning and history of the Sanskrit word, see the article Aryan.
Marcos Joaquim dos Santos, Brazilian central defender
In Sanskrit, it means "ocean", "sea", "limit" or "boundary" In Hebrew, it is a derivative of Miriam or the female equivalent of Meir, meaning light.
Carlos Alberto Gomes de Jesus, Brazilian midfielder for Vasco da Gama;
The longer version is "Asa Mpete" also used as a title salutation for titled women.
Lynn or Lynne is a surname and given name in English speaking countries.
Manjirō is a Japanese given name, spelt 満次郎 or 万次郎, and may refer to:
Ludwig Minkus, an Austrian composer and violin virtuoso
Radul or Radule is a Slavic given name, derived from the word rad, meaning "work, care ".
St. Aaron's day is on July 1 and is celebrated in French speaking countries and Poland.
The singer hitomi writes her stage name using the Latin alphabet.
Kim Bum-soo, South Korean football goalkeeper and coach
Léopold Clément Charles, Hereditary Prince of Lorraine, son of the above
It is also an Arabic given name meaning "evening conversations including Arabic music and poetry".
Jere Wood, longtime mayor of Roswell, Georgia, United States
Therefore, it is also in use as a feminine form of the Greek diminutive form Cyril.
It comes from the Latin name Sebastianus meaning "from Sebastia", the ancient name of the city of Sivas, in modern Turkey.
The name was the 634th most common given name for males in the United States in the 1910 census.
Joselito Atienza, Filipino politician, former city mayor of Manila
Shizuo is a masculine Japanese given name.
Hirotomo is a masculine Japanese given name.
Maki can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
Marko Marin, Slovenian theatre director and art historian
Is a name quite popular in the Portuguese speaking countries and communities.
The Arabic "Bin" or "Ibn" or "Ben" meaning "son of".
Hannah Van Buren, wife of the 8th president of the United States, Martin Van Buren
The French form is Béatrice, and the Spanish and Portuguese form is Beatriz.
It is often short for "Giovanni Paolo".
Alasdair is a Scottish Gaelic given name.
Hidetaka is a masculine Japanese given name.
The name is rare, but usually used by Gaelic-speaking families and generally amazing people from the Mackenzie or Macrae clan.
Harper is a Scottish family name that is also commonly used as a given name in the USA.
Mihails Arhipovs, Latvian bobsledder and Olympic competitor
Notable persons with either of these names include:
In Mongolian, similar to Turkish, it means goodness, music and "melody".
Katheryn K. Russell, associate professor of criminology and criminal justice at the University of Maryland
Kathryn McGuire, American silent-film actress and dancer
In Turkish, "Ay" means Moon, and the suffix, "-tek" originally comes from Old Turkic suffix "-teg", which gives the meaning of "-like".
It was in use in medieval France, Latinized as Adamarus, and in modern times has been popular in French, Spanish and Portuguese-speaking countries.
Its use is rare and, can be mostly found in Sweden, Finland, Norway, Denmark and Germany.
Parisa Bakhtavar, Iranian film and television director
The name, in both the forms Stephen and Steven, is commonly shortened to Steve or Stevie.
Ryūsuke, Ryusuke or Ryuusuke is a masculine Japanese given name.
Anna is a Latin form of the Greek name Ἅννα and the Hebrew name Hannah (Hebrew: חַנָּה Ḥannāh‎‎, meaning "favor" or "grace" or "beautiful".
Aritomo is a masculine Japanese given name.
Dan Andriano, bassist in American punk band Alkaline Trio
In Arabic Jana, short-form for Jannah is both the Islamic and Christian concept of paradise.
In the United States, it first entered the top 1,000 list of most popular names in 1973.
Nuno is a Portuguese male name, derived either from Latin Nunnus or from Nonnus.
Penelope Mortimer, British journalist, biographer and novelist
The name has ranked in the top 1,000 most popular names for girls in the United States since 1970.
Just 20 American girls were given the variant name Dorothea in 2010.
Clementine Deymann,, a German-American priest and prison chaplain
Toomas Nipernaadi, main character from August Gailit's 1929 novel Toomas Nipernaadi.
It is also used in Urdu, Persian and Sindhi meaning "complete".
The name is most common in England and not so common in Wales, Scotland, or Ireland.
In some cases it is an Anglicised form of the Irish Ó Bruadair, meaning "descendant of Bruadar".
It can also be used as a form of the name Galen, a name derived from that of the ancient Greek physician, meaning "tranquil."
It became a popular name because of the influence of the Puritans in the 17th century.
Meaning: A gift of god born under the sunrise
Mikio Hasemoto, American soldier and Medal of Honor recipient
Slobodan Uzelac, Croatian politician representing Serbs of Croatia, member of Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor's cabinet
Sibel is a Turkish female given name.
Ilmārs is a Latvian masculine given name and may refer to:
Tadayoshi Okura, Japanese idol, singer and actor
Kanae Yoshii, Japanese idol, singer and actress
An old English form is Hacon as in Haconby, Hacon's Village.
Name days: Bulgaria, Poland, Czech Republic, Greece and France – July 11, Slovakia – July 23, Russia – July 24, Hungary – July 27.
Thus, "Doğukan" can mean "sovereign/ruler of the east".
In the United States it is used for both boys and girls, typically with the alternative phonetic spellings Skylar and Skyler.
Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, 21st-century president of Brazil
Gelena Topilina, Russian competitor in synchronized swimming
Linnéa or Linnea is a female given name of Swedish origin.
Karl-Heinz Florenz, German Member of the European Parliament
Yasujirō, Yasujiro or Yasujirou is a masculine Japanese given name.
In English it is, precisely, Hope, in Spanish, Esperanza, in Catalan and Portuguese, Esperança, in French, Espérance, in Italian, Speranza, etc.
Hiëronymus Emiliani, better known as St. Jerome Emiliani
Nazanin is a common Persian female given name in Iran, Azerbaijan, Afghanistan, Turkey, and Tajikistan.
Mario Jean, stand-up comedian and film and television actor from Quebec
Kaspars is a Latvian masculine given name.
Endel Tulving, Estonian-born Canadian experimental psychologist and cognitive neuroscientist
Heydar is sometimes transliterated as Gaidar or Geidar, from the Cyrillic spelling Гейдар.
11 is the natural number following 10 and preceding 12.
Toshihisa is a masculine Japanese given name.
Suketsugu is a masculine Japanese given name.
The equivalent Greek male name is Theophanes, commonly shortened to Phanis and the female is Theophania or Theophano, colloquially Phani.
The name came into occasional use along with other gem names during the late Victorian era.
Natsumi is a feminine Japanese given name which is occasionally used as a surname.
Lester Les Tremayne, British radio, film, and television actor
Sadaharu is a masculine Japanese given name.
Shigeri is a unisex Japanese given name.
Helge or Helgi is a German, Dutch, and Scandinavian mostly male name.
Shōsuke, Shosuke or Shousuke is a masculine Japanese given name.
Yekaterina Budanova, also known as Katya, female Soviet fighter ace in the Second World War
The Afshins of Ošrūsana were an Iranian princedom in Central Asia of whom the later Abbasid general Afšin Ḵayḏar bin Kāvus is the most famous.
The associated name day is December 2.
Cyrus is the given name of a number of Persian kings.
Miloš is a Slavic masculine given name common in Serbia and Montenegro, and to a lesser degree in the Czech Republic.
It most likely originated from the hypocorism Rob, short for Robert.
Aileen Quinn, American actress who played the title role in the film Annie
The name is of old Slavic origin and is mainly used in Poland.
Hiromichi Shinohara, Japanese World War II flying ace
Aksel Agerby, Danish composer, organist, and music administrator
Ganesh Hegde, Indian singer and Bollywood choreographer, from Karnataka
Laima is a Latvian and Lithuanian female given name, which means "luck" or "beginning".
Julien Tiersot, a French musicologist and composer
It also means means han of the hans i.e.
The name is also used as a surname.
Guntis Ulmanis, Latvian politician, fifth President of Latvia
Nobuaki Iwatake, American Imperial Japanese Army personnel
In modern Turkish "z" is not the plural suffix anymore.
Oskars Bārtulis, Latvian professional ice hockey defenceman
In Arabic language it literally means "grouchy face" or "frown" referring to a Mean-spirited or a Stern person mainly male.
St. Valentine's Day was named for a third-century martyr.
AMIT is an American Jewish religious Zionist volunteer organization, dedicated to education in Israel.
The associated name day is March 10.
In the tales, the character is also usually a successful housekeeper, which helps her win the love of the prince.
The male variant Dara means "weathly" or "prosperous".
Notable persons whose names include "Gendün" include:
In Egypt the name is pronounced [ɡæˈmæːl] and so is normally spelled Gamal .
Yaw Osafo-Marfo, Ghanaian politician and former minister for Education and Finance
The first name Konstantin is a derivation from the Latin name Constantinus in some European languages, such as Russian and German.
Brittany is a female given name, after the Brittany region of France, first given in the United States in the 1970s.
Calvin Johnson, frontman of Beat Happening and owner of indie label K Records
The diminutive form Naïs was also used in a novel by Marcel Pagnol.
Miervaldis is a Latvian masculine given name, borne by some 600 men in Latvia.
Linas Tadas Karosas, Lithuanian businessman and entrepreneur
Demetrius I of Georgia, son of David IV of Georgia the Great,
Aitor López Rekarte, Spanish retired footballer who mainly played for Real Sociedad
Hideto is a masculine Japanese given name.
The name may also be related to the Irish Gaelic names Arleen and Arlene, which mean "the pledge".
It is a Persian male given name and a variant of Babak, which is derived from the Old Persian Papak, meaning "young father".
Like many other early Germanic names, it is dithematic, consisting of two meaningful constituents put together.
Milivoj or Milivoje is an old Slavic origin given name derived from elements: milo + voj.
Katsutoshi is a masculine Japanese given name.
It is a feminine form of the Hebrew name Michael, which means "Who is like God?"
Meredith has many derivatives which have become personal names and surnames as well.
"Selçuk" was the name of the eponymous medieval leader of the Seljuq Turks, who founded Seljuk dynasty.
In 2002, it was ranked first before Sigurður and Guðmundur.
Athanasius or Athanasios is a Greek male name which means immortal.
It is a common male name in the Netherlands, and is sometimes short for Alexander, Alexandra, Alexandria or Lexington.
In Russian, the corresponding name is Полина.
It is a common masculine Japanese given name.
It means "One who has the lamp in his hands".
The Irish Nóra is likewise probably an Irish form of Honora.
Martin may either be a surname or given name.
Tomoya is a masculine Japanese given name.
In Chamoru, Kai is a nativized version of the Spanish name Francisca.
Julien Malzieu, a French rugby union and sevens player
Tonguç is a male name of Turkish origin.
It originates in the ancient Greek name Helen/Helene.
A person with this name can also be referred to as "Zelda" or "Selda".
Shigemitsu is a masculine Japanese given name.
2) Ella means "goddess" in modern Hebrew.
It is also one of the names of Gautama Buddha, and Hanuman.
Ernő Kolczonay, Hungarian fencer and Olympic medalist
Sarah is a Hebrew feminine given name found in many different areas of the world.
Tormod is a masculine Norwegian and Scottish Gaelic given name, derived from the Old Norse personal name Þórmóðr.
It could also mean "cloud", "passionate" or "avid"
Opal is a feminine given name derived from the name of the gemstone opal.
Jūshirō, Jushiro or Juushirou is a masculine Japanese given name.
Lazarus is a given name and surname.
Alicia Rickter, US model, actress and Playboy playmate
This makes it the 5th most common masculine name in Norway.
Notable people with the name Philippa include:
Ayame, a female character in the Tenchu video games
Though people from other cultures may bear the name.
The Russian word голова, "head" as in "headman" has been suggested, but is linguistically anachronistic.
The personal name Alasdair is often Anglicised as Alistair, Alastair, and Alaster.
Jeannie Ortega, American Christian singer, songwriter, dancer and actress
Yūto, Yuto or Yuuto is a masculine Japanese given name.
Jorge Nuno Pinto da Costa, Portuguese chairman of FC Porto
Adriano Correia de Oliveira, Portuguese singer and composer
Mac Raghnaill is masculine surname in the Irish language.
Jacinto is a Spanish and Portuguese name meaning Hyacinth, which can refer to Saint Hyacinth, a Roman martyr, or the Hyacinth flower itself.
Takahiko is a masculine Japanese given name.
It is commonly used in Nordic countries as a short form for Adolf, and in Muslim countries as an alternative transliteration of the name Adil.
It is a cogante of the German given name Ewald and may refer to the following individuals:
Rex Allen, an American actor and singer
Katalin Szili Speakers of the National Assembly of Hungary.
Pet forms of the given name include Dougie and Duggie.
Due the Tamil tradition of using patronymic surnames it may also be a surname for males and females.
Kristjan Glibo, German football defender and manager
Morio is a masculine Japanese given name.
It means "my God is alive" or "my father lives."
Reiko Omori, a Japanese voice actress and J-pop idol
Somlek Sakdikul, also known as Somchai, Thai film actor
Jeanette is a female name, a diminutive form of the name Jeanne.
Alessandro Lindblad, Swedish musician, DJ and producer
Artemy of Verkola, feast days on July 6 and November 2 [1]
From March 16, 2005 to August 16, 2005, 1,087 boys were named Maxim, behind Alexander at 1,390.
Julien Raimond, an indigo planter in the French colony of Saint-Domingue
It is a common female given name but also can be a male one.
Stephan Klapproth, a Swiss journalist and television presenter
Rex Hobcroft, Australian pianist and music administrator
It was popularized by a fifth-century saint Maël who lived in Wales.
In some Persian sources the forms Ḥosayn, Hosayn, or Hossein are used.
Milica has been the most popular name for girls born in Serbia since 1991, and is overall the most common female given name in the country.
It is the Latvian cognate of the English name Edgar and may refer to:
Luboš - is a Slavic male given name meaning love or wolf and used mostly in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
Later, their students created a simpler and graphically usable alphabet, which is known as the Cyrilic alphabet and is still used by millions of people.
Shizue Abe, Japanese idol, actress and singer
Vilis is a Latvian masculine given name and may refer to:
Its popularity is attributed to the Belgian Saint Amalberga of Maubeuge.
Chieko Higuchi, Japanese voice actress and singer
Marinus van Rekum, Dutch tug of war competitor
Anneliese Dørum, Norwegian politician for the Labour Party
Toshinobu Kubota, Japanese singer-songwriter, musician, music producer, and radio personality
Vitomir "Vito" Nikolić, a Montenegrin poet and journalist
Geir is also rarely given in Sweden and Denmark.
Shervin is thought to be the shortened form of Anushirvan.
Valdis Zatlers, Latvian politician, President of Latvia
Etsuji is a masculine Japanese given name.
Arianna and Ariane are the two most common variations.
It may also derive from the Latin word mare meaning "sea", the plural of which is maria.
the Brahman splits into male and female and manifests as the universe.
The name Vaibhav meaning is moral or ethical or right path in Sanskrit.One of the names of Lord Vishnu in Hindu mythology.
Aurélien Marie Lugné aka Lugné-Poe, French actor, theatre director and scenic designer
Bertha "Chippie" Hill, American blues and vaudeville singer and dancer
From this, the family expanded into other segments of industry and committees.
When new schools are admitted to the network, this balance is maintained.
Thereafter, the name steadily gained popularity, entering the top 100 most commonly given girls names in 1956 and breaking through into the top 10 in 1966.
Adamo is both a masculine given name and a surname.
Axel is a French, German, Dutch and Scandinavian masculine given name.
It can also be related to the name Sonia, which means "wisdom".
Leopold Mozart, an 18th-century composer and father of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
Rytis Daukantas, Lithuanian architect and editorial cartoonist
Kōsaku, Kosaku or Kousaku is a masculine Japanese given name.
The Assyrian community heavily used the name "T(h)alia," which, in Neo-Aramaic, means "boy."
Ila Loetscher, early 20th century women's aviation pioneer and explorer
It was the 344th most common name for females in the United States in the 1990 census.
Reynold  is an English masculine given name derived from an Old High German personal name made up of the elements "ragin" and "wald".
In other languages there are similar surnames derived from Adam, such as Adamo, Adamov, Adamowicz, Adamski etc.
Like many given names, it has multiple origins, including:
Shoichi Arai, Japanese professional wrestling announcer and executive
Ieuan or Ifan in Welsh, anglicized as "Evan".
Payton is a given name in use in English speaking countries.
There is no feminine form of Cathal unlike names such as Adrian.
It is a well used phrase in religious text of Jewish tradition.
Lech Szczucki, Polish historian of philosophy and culture
Haris Pašović, Bosnian theatre and film director
Masashi is a Japanese given name, usually used for male.
Althea is an English female personal name.
Per Bronken, Norwegian poet, novelist, actor, and stage producer
It did not become a common English given name until the 19th century.
The name Yoko is almost always written with the kanji 子, meaning "child".
Leslie Les Palmer, American National Football League player
Miłosz is a Slavic masculine given name found in Poland, a variant of the name Miloš.
The closer to the Spanish language, this name has a very similar form.
Chiho Kobayashi, Japanese video game music composer best known for her work on Virtua Tennis and The Key of Avalon
A single instance of the name Norma is recorded 1203, where it perhaps derives from the Latin word norma, meaning "precept".
Nicknames: Sławek, Slavko, Slavka, Sławka, Slava, Mirko, Mirek, Mira.
There was, however, an antecedent in Maximilianus, and several other prominent early Christians.
The spelling with "h" is not found until the 16th century when William Camden incorrectly claimed that the name derived from the Greek ἄνθος.
Yūsuke, also written as Yusuke, or Yuusuke is a Japanese given name for males.
It comes from the Byzantine Greek pronunciation of the vocative of the Greek Elias.
Ellen Albertini Dow, American actress and drama coach
It was placed in the Swedish calendar in the 1750s after king Adolf Fredericks marriage to Lovisa Ulrika of Prussia in 1744.
Ryota Aoki, Japanese footballer who plays for JEF United Ichihara Chiba
In Persian, Yahya is a title of address for a senior village or community elder; it is also a common nickname for the 12th Imam.
Kiyotaka Ishimaru , a fictional character from the Danganronpa series.
Kira kira also means "glittery, shiny" in Japanese.
Atomu Shimojō, Japanese actor and voice actor
Variant spellings in English include: Maimoonah, Maymoonah, Maymuna(h), Maimouna and Mehmoona.
Tom Chaplin, British singer of band Keane
Henrikas Juškevičius, Lithuanian electrical engineer and journalist
Abed Azrie, Syrian singer of Arab classical music
Paula Radcliffe, British long distance runner and olympian
Praveen is a male name of Sanskrit origin.
Hushang, a character in the Persian epic Shahnameh.
Hideo Kuze, character from the anime, Ghost in the Shell: S.A.C.
In Hebrew, the name Dana means "arbiter" or "God is my judge".
Faiza is derived from its root word Fa'iz which means successful.
Raizo Ichikawa, Japanese film and kabuki actor
Jan is a variant of John in various languages and is a short version of Johannes.
The name is translated to mean "friend", "friendly" or "allies" in the Yankton-Yanktonai and Santee dialects of the Lakota Sioux language.
Lindokuhle and its short form Lindo are related South African-American names.
The name is also used in Ukraine, Belarus, Slovakia, and Serbia, with a number of occurrences in non-Slavic countries.
India is a popular feminine given name derived from the name of the country India, which takes its name from the Indus River.
Toshinaga is a masculine Japanese given name.
Konstantin Chernenko, Soviet politician, General Secretary of the Communist Party
Eero Mäntyranta, Finnish skier and Olympic medalist
Shun'ya or Shunya is a masculine Japanese given name.
"Aaronic" is an adjective referring to their traditional priestly attributes such as attention to detail, respect for tradition, and religious dogmatising.
Mindaugas Timinskas, Lithuanian basketball small forward and Olympic competitor
Katsuhiko Sasaki, Japanese actor and voice actor
Hannes Androsch, Austrian entrepreneur, consultant, politician and former Austrian Vice Chancellor
Mizuno Tadayuki, Japanese daimyo of the Edo period
It is related to the names John, Jane, Jean, Jeanne, Johan, Joanna, Juan, João, Ivana, Jovan, Jovana, Ioan, Ioana, Jan, Jann, Yanne, Jouan, Ioan, and Siobhán.
Cliff Wiley, American track and field athlete
In Turkish, "İlk" means "first", and/or "prime", whereas "ay" means "moon".
Contrary to popular belief, Florence Nightingale was not the first person to be given this name.
Aleksa Simić, Serbian politician and member of the Ustavobranioci
They are venerated as saints in the Oriental Orthodox Church and their feast day is 10 December.
The etymology of Selene is uncertain, but if the word is of Greek origin, it is likely connected to the word selas, meaning "brightness".
Eerik Kumari, Estonian biologist, founder of ornithology and nature conservation in Estonia.
It was used as both a male and female name in the Middle Ages, but is now almost exclusively female.
The name is compose of two elements; the first element is each, meaning "horse".
In 1980 Jackson was the 24th most popular surname in England and Wales.
Daniel Boone, American pioneer, fur trader, explorer, adventurer and hunter
Predrag Marković, Serbian politician, author, and historian.
Johnny is an English language personal name.
In Latvia, the associated name day is February 1.
It is also a pet form of Frances, and the Yiddish name Faiga also a form of Myfanwy.
Christofer Rutger Ludvig Manderström, Swedish - Norwegian Minister of State for Foreign Affairs
It is composed of the Germanic elements arn "eagle" and ulf "wolf".
Ainārs Podziņš, a Latvian ice hockey player.
Yusha, is a masculine given name, the Arabic form of Joshua which is of Hebrew origin, meaning "God is salvation".
The name means "noble", "respected" or "reckoner".
It is composed of Celtic elements meaning "one", and "choice".
Arthur is a common masculine given name.
The earliest meaning found in the Upanishads is "conqueror of all miseries".
Daniel Prenn, German & British world-top-ten tennis player
Ülo Voitka, freedom fighter, forest brother, and pro-anarchist
Its name-day is celebrated on 8 January.
Gabrielle is the French feminine form of Gabriel, which means "hero of god" or "God is my might" in Hebrew.
Ar-Rashid is one of the 99 Names of Allah meaning The Guide.
San Joaquín is the Spanish Language of the name of Saint Joachim, the traditional name for the father of Mary.
According to the register of the General Directorate of Moscow, "Maxim" was the second most popular male name for children born in Moscow.
Hirotaka Chiba, Japanese actor and voice actor
In Estonia, the variant Anti is more common.
In this manner we could translate the Old Persian proper name Farshid/Farsheed as Sunshine or the splendor or the pomp of the sun.
Tatsuo is a masculine Japanese given name.
There is a related adjective, seldom used but found in the Oxford English Dictionary, which is "Mirandous", a synonym to miraculous.
Rex Cherryman, an American stage and screen actor
Every year since and including 1989 it has fallen in popularity, but it remained the 30th most popular name for newborn girls in 2010.
The name Shervin also exists in Dutch, spelled 'Shirwin'.
Sadayoshi Fukuda, Japanese philosopher, writer and critic
Hannes Fuchs, Austrian badminton player and Olympic competitor
A related name with a similar meaning is Vinod.
Forrest Baugher, American politician, former Washington state representative
Yoshimasa is a masculine Japanese given name.
Oreste Lionello, Italian actor and voice dubbing artist
Kaspars Dumpis, Latvian luger and Olympic competitor
Constance Gordon-Cumming, British travel writer and painter
As a given name, the English form is unisex, but other languages have feminine forms.
The English Nigel is commonly found in records dating from the Middle Ages; however, it was not used much before being revived by 19th-century antiquarians.
In the United States, the name Ciara is also sometimes pronounced .
Saiichi is a masculine Japanese given name.
It is derived from the name Frīdrihs and the associated name day is November 14.
Enric Valor i Vives, Valencian narrator and grammarian
It can also be used as a surname.
Muriel  is a feminine given name in the English language.
Marko Stanković, Austrian football player of Serbian descent
Yoshifumi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Philippa is a given name meaning "lover of horses" or "horses' friend".
Motohiro is a masculine Japanese given name.
Winona, a character in the Pokémon universe
It also rose to #1 in England and Wales in 2005, dropping to #3 in 2006.
Alternative spellings include Fahiem, Fahim and Fehim.
Ryūzō, Ryuzo or Ryuuzou is a masculine Japanese given name.
Kenta Kobayashi, Japanese professional wrestler known in WWE as Hideo Itami
Kumi is a feminine given name common in Japan.
Eimantas is a Lithuanian masculine given name.
In English the meaning of the name Kadia is 'rhyming, or 'pure'.
Andris Reiss, Latvian cyclist and Olympic competitor
It was last popular at the turn of the 20th century, when it was among the 25 most popular names for girls.
Motosuke is a masculine Japanese given name.
Heinz, is a German given name, a diminutive of Heinrich and cognate of the given name Henry.
In any case, the English Arnulf would have been known as Earnulf, and his relics were venerated in Earnulfesbyrig.
Kirsten Bishop, voice actress best known for her roles as Zoycite and Kaori Knight in the English version of Sailor Moon
June was a very popular girls name and somewhat popular boys name in the early to mid 20th century.
Isabelle Charest, a Canadian short track speed skater
Constant Vanden Stock, honorary president and former president and player of Belgian football club R.S.C.
It first appeared among the 1,000 most popular names for American girls in 1981.
Toni is a given unisex name, used for both males and females.
It became popular in the United States later in the 20th century, reaching the top 100 names for girls in the late 1990s.
Son of Kai Kobad, a legendary character in Shahnameh, belonging to the mythical Kianian Dynasty in Persian literature and mythology
Dubh Essa was a medieval Gaelic feminine given name, fairly common in 13th- and 14th-century Ireland.
Juanfran, Spanish football defender, born Juan Francisco García García
Variants include Eugénia, Eugénie, Eugènia, Uxía, Evgenia, Eugenija and Yevgeniya or Yevgenia.
Appropriate Turkish reading of "Mo - du" is "Baghatur".
Ignacio Bolívar y Urrutia, 19th-20th-century Spanish naturalist and entomologist
Luke, who is credited with the authorship of the Gospel of Luke, was a physician who lived around 30 to 130 AD.
This is also the origin of Jennifer, another name that sounds similar to Juniper.
Gëzim Alpion, Albanian sociologist, philosopher and educator
Hisato is a masculine Japanese given name.
Milivoje Novakovič, a Slovenian football player of Serbian
Forrest Reid, Irish novelist, literary critic, and translator
Sabrina is a feminine given name found primarily in Western European cultures and to a lesser extent in the Arabic world.
Abdulrahman Ibrahim Ibn Sori, African prince enslaved in the United States
Taishi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Ippei Kuri, Japanese manga artist and anime producer
It is derived from the adjective rad which means 'willing', 'eager', 'keen'.
Ilya, Illia, Illya, Iliya, Ilja, Ilija, or Ilia is the East Slavic form of the male Hebrew name Eliyahu, meaning "My god is Yahu".
Amos is both a given name and a surname.
Toshiaki is a masculine Japanese given name.
It is a cross-cultural name found all over the world.
Mattias Öhlund, Swedish defenceman for Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League
Miqdad ibn Aswad, companion of the Islamic prophet, Muhammad
Alexandre is the French, Portuguese, Catalan and Galician form of the masculine given name Alexander.
Ayumi is a feminine Japanese given name.
"Wiesław" is sometimes transliterated as "Wieslaw", in the absence of L with stroke.
Its Estonian meaning is "grow" or "nourishment", whereas the Old Norse version of the name means "Willing warrior".
Common forms of the name are Gerard; Gerrard; Gerardo; Gherardo; Gherardi; Gérard; Gearóid; Gerhardt and Gerhart/Gerhard/Gerhardus; Gellért; Gerardas and Gerards/Ģirts; Γεράρδης.
Masatomo is a masculine Japanese given name.
The letter A of the al- is unstressed, and can be transliterated by almost any vowel, often by u.
Arantxa or Arancha is a Basque feminine given name, meaning "thornbush".
George Yaw Boakye, Ghanaian airman and politician
Mikalojus Daukša, Lithuanian religious writer, translator and Catholic church official
Ayumu Nishizawa, character in the manga series Hayate the Combat Butler
It is generally a short form for the given name Rebecca; however, it is also a name in its own accord.
In the Japanese traditional martial arts such as karate, judo, aikido and kendo, it is a verbal command to "begin".
Mikalojus Konstantinas Čiurlionis, Lithuanian painter, composer and writer
Portuguese: Jerónimo, Brazilian Jerônimo, or Jeronymo as an Azorian family name
As is obvious from the list below, the name was in medieval times most popular in Ireland's two western provinces, Munster and Connacht.
Some suggest it is derived from Anahita, the name of the Persian goddess of fertility and healing.
Tróndur Patursson, Faroese painter, sculptor, glass artist and adventurer
The Gospel of Luke was written around 70 to 90 AD, and was from here that the name was first popularized.
Various spellings of the name exist, although some attest that "Corinne" is the most appropriate and age-old spelling.
Rex Wilson, a New Zealand long-distance runner
Helena, niece of Empress Sophia of the Byzantine Empire
Initially a popular name in the Muslim World and the name later became popular among the Muslims of the other countries.
Other common variants are Alena; Alenka; Alyona; Elene; Helen; Hélène; Helena; Eliana; Elena; Ilona; Olena; and Elena/Yelena.
Fumihiko Sori, Japanese film director and producer
The term "kai" also means "probably" in Finnish.
It is also in occasional use in other English-speaking countries, including the United Kingdom.
For example, عبد الحميد, ʿAbd el-Ḥamīd, usually spelled Abdel Hamid, Abdelhamid, Abd El Hamid or Abdul Hamid, which means "servant of The Praised".
Another theory makes derivation from Hebrew by combination of "נֵס" [nes] - "miracle", and "תּוֹרָה" [tora] - Torah.
The name has long been popular in Poland where the legend of Princess Wanda has been circulating since at least the 12th century.
The Roman Catholic "St. Marius", is San Mario in Italian, and St. Mario in English.
So the first part can appear as Abdel, without spacing and hyphenation.
Danny Van Zandt, fictional character in Degrassi: The Next Generation
Mikalojus Akelaitis, Lithuanian writer, publicist and linguist
Popular nicknames for Harriet include Hattie, Hatty, Hetty, Hettie, Hennie, Harry, Harri, Harrie, and Etta or Ettie.
The name is also sometimes used as a male name.
Hiroyuki Kobayashi, Japanese video game and anime producer
Anzu, a genus of theropod dinosaur containing the species Anzu wyliei
Mitsuharu is a masculine Japanese given name.
Geir is a maculine name commonly given in Norway and Iceland.
Rex D. Davis, a federal law enforcement officer in the United States
Hild, a Nordic-German Bellona, was a Valkyrie who conveyed fallen warriors to Valhalla.
Étienne, a French equivalent of Stephen/Steven/Steve, is a given name.
Shogo Makishima, a fictional character appearing as the antagonist of the first season of the Production I.G anime Psycho-Pass
The Worst Witch#Drusilla Paddock, in The Worst Witch children's novel series
Notable people with the name Stig include:
Mihály Horváth, Hungarian Roman Catholic bishop, historian, and politician
Madis is an Estonian masculine given name, a version of Matthew.
People using it in their patronymic include:
Mihaela Carpo, Romanian/Canadian sous chef and comedian
It is also an Anglicisation of the Irish Gaelic name O’Brolachán from County Tyrone in Ireland.
Its variants are also widely used around the world.
Calvin, the titular alien in the 2017 film Life
Chad is a masculine given name of Anglo-Saxon/Welsh origins.
Dave is a given name, a shortened form of the name David, Davey, etc.
The name Arne originates from the old Norse word for "eagle" – arni.
Lex Schoenmaker, Dutch former football player and manager
This was the name of several saints, including the third bishop of Antioch and Saint Ignatius of Loyola.
The Scottish Gaelic surname MacEachainn is a patronymic form of the given name.
Trygve Lie, Norwegian politician and first United Nations Secretary General
Due the Tamil tradition of using patronymic surnames it may also be a surname for males and females.
It was the 203rd-most popular name for American boys in 2007, having ranked in the top 100 most popular names from 1995 to 2000.
Eduards is a Latvian masculine given name, which is a cognate of the English name Edward, meaning "rich guard".
Griselda Álvarez, first female governor in Mexico
Lajos Dinnyés, Prime Minister of Hungary from 1947 to 1948
Hilde Frafjord Johnson, Norwegian Christian Democratic Party politician
Prince Daniel, Duke of Västergötland, Swedish prince
Chisato is a common feminine Japanese given name.
It was the 79th most popular name for girls in Scotland in 2010.
Otria Moyo Jere, Malawian politician, Deputy Minister of Education, Science and Technology beginning 2009
Maurizio is an Italian masculine given name, derived from the Roman name Mauritius.
Laurentius Petri, Swedish clergyman and the first Evangelical Lutheran Archbishop of Sweden
Tiit Tikerpe, sprint canoer and Olympic competitor
Suleiman is the main transliteration of the Arabic سليمان Sulaymān / Silimān.
The name is also occasionally given to females, as with actress Evan Rachel Wood.
Jawed is a masculine given name of Persian origin, with a meaning of "eternal".
Ramūnas Navardauskas, Lithuanian professional road racing cyclist
It originated from the old German Hedwig.
Filippo Inzaghi, Italian and former A.C. Milan footballer, currently manager of Venezia F.C.
Emory is a common English language masculine given name variant of Emery, of Old German origin.
The element slav is very common in Slavic anthroponyms.
Rani, sometimes spelled Ranee, is a Hindu/Sanskrit feminine given name, which means "duchess," "queen", or "sovereign".
Jean Baptiste Julien d'Omalius d'Halloy, a Belgian geologist
Haruhi Suzumiya, the title character of the series
Ragnall, Raghnall, Raonall, and Raonull are masculine personal names or given names in several Gaelic languages.
The Old High German name is recorded from the 8th century, in the variants Haimirich, Haimerich, Heimerich, Hemirih.
Lech Mackiewicz, Polish actor, director and playwright
Yasuaki is a masculine Japanese given name.
Hylton Murray-Philipson, Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom
Charis was also known as Cale or Aglaea.
Imperial Prince Fushimi-no-miya Yoshihito, first son of Emperor Sukō, Fushimi-no-miya house
Regis Fernandes Silva, Brazilian association football player
Les Paul, stage name of American jazz guitarist and inventor Lester William Polsfuss
Đurađ, is a Serbian masculine given name, derived from Greek Georgios.
The name translates into English as "raven".
Carmelo Mifsud Bonnici, better known as Karmenu Mifsud Bonnici, a former Prime Minister of Malta
Prince Kaya Tsunenori, Japanese prince and general
Teiji Ōmiya, Japanese voice actor and actor
The female name may also be spelled "Sandi" or "Sandie".
A contracted form of the name is Muiris.
Caterina Assandra, Italian composer and Benedictine nun
It is derived from the Gaelic name Breandán, which is in turn derived from the earlier Old Irish Brénainn.
Birger is primarily a masculine given name, but can also be found as a surname.
Diana or Diane is a feminine given name probably derived from an Indo-European root word referring to the divine.
Jacob is a common male first name and a less well-known surname.
Dobromir - is a Slavic origin given name built of two elements: dobro "good" + mir "world, peace".
The word is present in hundreds of German names.
Roberts Pakalns, Latvian football player and manager
Donald is a masculine given name derived from the Gaelic name Domhnall.
Summer Smith, a main character in the adult animated sitcom Rick and Morty
Ally MacLeod, Scottish football player, and manager
Hristo Silyanov, Bulgarian revolutionary, historian and memoirist
Cormac is a masculine given name in the Irish and English languages.
However, during the Trojan War, Menelaus promised her to Neoptolemus, also known as Pyrrhus, son of Achilles.
King Haakon II of Norway, Haakon Herdebrei
Richardis of Bavaria, wife of Otto I, Count of Guelders
It is a cognate of the name Peter and may refer to:
Bob is a male given name or hypocorism, usually of Robert.
Alternate spellings of the name are also in use.
Variants include Alexis with the Russian Aleksey and its Ukrainian counterpart Oleksa/Oleksiy deriving from this form.
The oldest recorded use is from the year 1396, but the name did not find widespread use until the 19th century.
Enn Soosaar, Estonian translator, critic, columnist and publicist
Jānis Vinters, Latvian rally racing motorcycle rider
Bertha von Suttner, Austrian novelist and pacifist
Ludwig Mestler, an Austrian artist noted for his watercolor painting
Aurélien is a French masculine given name and may refer to:
Isla Sitwell, author of Poppy and In Far Japan.
Siri is a Scandinavian female given name.
Vidyā is also a popular Indian unisex given name.
Ludmila or Ludmilla is a female given name of Slavic origin and consists of two elements: lud and mila.
Gabija is the goddess of fire and of the hearth of homes in Lithuanian mythology.
Nuri is a name which may refer to:
Yoshisada Sakaguchi, Japanese actor and voice actor
The related name Clair was traditionally considered male, especially when spelled without an 'e', but Clare and Claire are usually female.
Shervin, also spelled Sherveen or Sherwin, is a Persian given name.
Shiloh is a Biblical place, mentioned in Genesis 49:10, meaning "peace".
Ludwig IV, Grand Duke of Hesse and by Rhine
Ludvig is a Scandinavian given name, the equivalent of English Lewis or Louis, and may refer to:
Bri is a common nickname and/or derivative name.
Kazushige Nagashima, Japanese baseball player and television personality
Toshiki Kaifu, Japanese politician and Prime Minister of Japan
Thus, "Kutalmış" means "who received happines", ""who received life force".
Due the Tamil tradition of using patronymic surnames it may also be a surname for males and females.
Seiichi Iwao, Japanese academic, historian and writer
Princess Charlotte, several women with the name
Ufuk is a unisex Turkish given name meaning "horizon".
In Greece, the name is celebrated on 10 July in honour of Saint Amalia.
Riku Heini, Finnish footballer for FC Lahti
June Harding, a child and teen actress who appeared in several 1960s TV shows
Mikako, a member of a four-girl J-pop idol group Faky
Isabelle is a French feminine given name.
Seijirō, Seijiro or Seijirou is a masculine Japanese given name.
Another opinion is that the Gaelic Donnchadh is composed of the elements donn, meaning "brown"; and chadh, meaning "chief" or "noble".
The surname Brian is sometimes an English and Irish variant spelling of the surname Bryan.
Bojana Stamenov, a Serbian singer and musician
Chaudhry Abid Sher Ali, Pakistani politician and businessman
Jason is the most common spelling; however, there are many variant spellings such as Jaison and Jayson.
Ekrem Boyalı, Turkish taekwondo practitioner and coach
Ethan is a male given name of Hebrew origin that means firm, strong and long-lived.
The name is Déborah in French, Débora in Portuguese and Spanish, Debora in Italian and Czech)
In the United Kingdom, the name became fashionable due to the character Chardonnay Lane-Pascoe in the television series Footballers' Wives that started broadcasting in 2002.
According to the New Testament, Jesus gave Saint Peter the name Kephas or Cephas meaning "stone" in Aramaic.
Somchai is a Thai given name used by males.
The word may also be transliterated as Sulaiman, Suleman, Soliman, Sulayman, Sulaymaan, Suleyman,Sulaman, Süleyman, Sulejman, Sleiman, Sleman, Sliman, Slimane, Soleman, Solyman, Souleymane or Seleman.
As of 2008, it was 357th in rank for newborn girls in the United States, and 325th in England and Wales.
Johan Bruyneel, Belgian cyclist and team manager
Justinus was the name borne by various early saints, notably a 2nd-century Christian apologist and a boy martyr of the 3rd century.
Gwyneth Jones, a British science fiction and fantasy writer and critic
Kelsey was ranked among the top 100 names for girls born in Scotland in 2007.
Isidora sometimes spelled Isadora is a female given name of Greek origin, derived from Ἰσίδωρος, Isídōros.
Milorad Trbic, a former Assistant Commander for Security of the Republika Srpska Army
Jadwiga of Greater Poland, Queen of Poland and mother of Casimir III of Poland
Forrest Gander, American poet, essayist, novelist, critic, and translator
Adolfas Valeška, Lithuanian stained glass artist, painter, stage designer, and museum director
Jorge Luis Ochoa Vázquez, Colombian drug trafficker
Geert is a Dutch forename of Germanic origin, equivalent to German Gerd and English Gerry.
The given name and surname originate from the Old High German Leonhard containing the prefix levon and the suffix hardu.
Bettina is a female name of Latin origins predominantly found in the Italian and German languages.
Griselda Tessio, vice-governor of the Argentine province of Santa Fe
Albin Stenroos, Finnish, Olympic winner of the marathon race
Alyssa is a currently popular feminine given name with multiple origins.
Benedictus Aretius, Swiss Protestant theologian and natural philosopher
Masuzō, Masuzo or Masuzou is a masculine Japanese given name.
Modestas is a Lithuanian masculine given name.
Enn Kokk, Estonian-born Swedish journalist and writer
Julien Nitzberg, an American film director, script writer and theatre director
Göta is a Swedish given name, which is the female equivalent of Göte.
It is a diminutive of the name Vaidotas.
Väinö Kokkinen, Finnish wrestler and Olympic medalist
Lucius has been translated into Italian, Spanish and Portuguese, as Lucio.
The name derives from Antonius, a well known Latin family name, probably of Etruscan origin.
Juanfran, Spanish football defender, born Juan Francisco Torres Belén
Marine Hedge, American murder victim of serial killer Dennis Rader, the BTK Strangler
Andrejs Krūkliņš, Latvian track and field athlete and Olympic competitor
Dagmar Lahlum, Norwegian resistance fighter during World War II
Ida was at its height of popularity in the United States in the 1880s, when it ranked among the top ten names for girls.
Since its cancellation, he has appeared on CNN's news program The Situation Room.
The associated name day is June 1.
Nobuyuki Katsube, Japanese actor and voice actor
Aygül is a common feminine Turkish given name, meaning moon rose in Turkish.
Trygve is derived from the Old Norse tryggr, meaning "true, trustworthy", cognate with Old English treowe, Old High German triuwe.
Ansgar is a Germanic given name, composed of the elements ans "god", and gar "spear".
In 2010, the name was given to six newborn American girls and to 22 American boys.
It is a compound form of "Anna" and "Liese", a short form of "Elisabeth".
Actually, it is not a suffix, in general, in modern Turkish.
Pearl came into popular use along with other gemstone names during the late Victorian Era.
Aksel Berget Skjølsvik, Norwegian professional football player
Aurélien Tigalekou aka Auréli1 aka TIGA, Gabonese hip hop and R&B producer
Ikuo is a masculine Japanese given name.
Rafe, variant form which is a relatively rare male first name; it is pronounced /reɪf/.
The form Haydn was generally considered a masculine given name up until the mid 20th century.
Bertil is a first name of German origin most commonly found among Swedish men.
Desiree or Desirée  is a female given name.
The name entered the French language as Gauthier, Spanish as Gutierre and Italian as Gualtiero.
The name is a form of Ganesha, a widely worshipped deity in the Hindu pantheon.
Luis is the Spanish, Portuguese, Galician, Aragonese form of the Germanic given name Hludowig and Chlodovech.
The Old Norse form of the name was Eyvǫr.
For more information on the name's origin, see the article on Joanna.
Many people have had this name, including:
Ayano is both a feminine Japanese given name and a surname.
Eachann has often been Anglicised as Hector.
Junko is a feminine Japanese given name.
Although the name is attested in ancient inscriptions, the best known historical use of the name is in the New Testament.
Tauno Käyhkö Finnish ski jumper and Olympic competitor
It has ranked in the top 100 names given to baby girls in Slovenia and in Catalonia during the past decade.
Masao Maruyama, Japanese political scientist and historian
The name evolved during the 16th century to Jöran or Göran, and the original name became uncommon.
Taneli is a Finnish masculine given name and surname and may refer to:
Shunkichi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Tetsutarō, Tetsutaro or Tetsutarou is a masculine Japanese given name.
Aksel Gürcan Demirtaş, Turkish track and field athlete
Marinus Damen, Dutch co-founder of the Damen Shipyards Group
Elemér Gergátz, Hungarian politician, former Minister of Agriculture
It is the name of the Roman goddess Diana, the goddess of the hunt, forests, and childbirth.
The explanation by the Biblical name Šim’ōn is less convincing.
Bunji is a masculine Japanese given name.
Its nameday is celebrated on 1 July.
Henrik Horn, Swedish nobleman, field marshal, admiral and member of the Privy Council of Sweden
The name's origin, Yonatan, is a popular masculine Israeli name, appearing in the Hebrew Bible.
Art Donovan, US American football player, NFL Hall of Famer
Daniel de los Reyes, Percussionist in American country music band Zac Brown Band
People using it in their patronymic include:
Felipe is also widely used in Portuguese-speaking Brazil alongside Filipe, the form commonly used in Portugal.
The Old English form of the name is *Hræfn.
Gökçen is a Turkish given name, which means "beautiful woman" and/or "blue-eyed woman," and may refer to:
Fumika Shimizu, Japanese actress and gravure idol
The Irish name Tracey is derived from the native Irish O'Treasaigh septs.
Miroslav is a Slavic masculine name meaning 'peace and glory, peace glorifier or even a person praising the land / area'.
Velta is both a surname and a given name.
Isabelle Pasquet, a member of the Senate of France
1) A tree indigenous to the middle east from the pistachio family.
Naganori is a masculine Japanese given name.
Ilmari Keinänen, Finnish gymnast and Olympic medalist
When written in English, Abdul is subject to variable spacing, spelling, and hyphenation.
Gofraid is an Irish masculine given name, arising in the Old Irish and Middle Irish/Middle Gaelic languages, as Gofhraidh, and later partially Anglicised as Goffraid.
Aigars Kriķis, Latvian luger and Olympic medalist
Īśāna signifies the subtle and ethereal form of Shiva that represents transcendental knowledge.
Isabelle Mercier, a Canadian professional poker player
The meaning is "possessor of the world, people".
Sīmanis is a Latvian masculine given name.
Franklin is a masculine English given name.
Frederick ranked among the top 100 names in the United States between 1880 and 1957 and has declined thereafter.
Samad or Samed is a male given name.
Julien Le Blant, a French painter of military subjects
Tiffany  is an English form of the Greek Theophania.
Farhad, from Middle Persian Frahād), with variants Farhat, Ferhad, Ferhat, or Farkhad is a Persian name meaning "elation" or "happiness", and may refer to:
The name was the 10th most popular name given to girls born in Sweden in 2009.
Algirdas Butkevičius, Lithuanian politician and Prime Minister
Juana is a Spanish female first name.
Lembitu of Lehola, Estonian elder of Sakala County
Johan Cruyff Dutch football manager and retired player
Kunihiro is a masculine Japanese given name.
Etxeberria, Echeverría, Echevarría, Etxebarri, Chávarri are Basque surnames related to the name by etymology.
Juan Francisco "Juanfran " Guevara, Spanish motorcycle racer
Hillar Mets, Estonian cartoonist, illustrator and animator
Like many English surnames Bradley can also be used as a given name and as such has become popular.
A selection of people carrying the name:
Diego is a Spanish masculine given name.
It is said to mean "born of the yew" and is also associated loosely with the Scottish god of the glen.
Mohit Ray, Indian environmental and human rights activist
Use may possibly indicate an ancestor who was a page.
"Richard" is a common name in many Germanic languages, including English, German, Norwegian, Danish, Swedish, Icelandic, and Dutch.
Ishizuka Tomoji, pen name of Ishizuka Tomoji, Japanese poet and writer
Kęstutis Bartkėnas, Lithuanian track and field athlete and Paralympic medalist
Jock is a Scottish diminutive form of the forename "John"; it corresponds to Jack in England.
Nagamasa is a masculine Japanese given name.
Mihály Ivanicsics, Hungarian football player and referee
Munetoki is a masculine Japanese given name.
"Rinus" Peijnenburg, Dutch politician, minister without portfolio
Namio is a masculine Japanese given name.
Kosuke Kindaichi, fictional Japanese detective created by Seishi Yokomizo
Ugochukwu is an African name of Igbo origin.
A variant form of Ó Tormaigh is Ó Tormadha.
Matteo is the Italian form of the given name Matthew.
Leonard or Leo is a common English, German, Irish, and Dutch masculine given name and a surname.
The word's origin comes from Proto-Tibeto-Burman ’ay meaning "mother".
Kikue is a feminine Japanese given name.
In Persian, the word Dānā literally means "knowledgeable", and some speculate that the name is first used as a first name in Shahnameh.
The three-syllable alternative spelling Jeffery is sometimes used as a variant given name.
Kuniko Asagi, Japanese actress and television presenter
Mitxel which is also an equivalent of Michael.
Daniil Kharms, early Soviet-era surrealist and absurdist poet, writer and dramatist
Navaratnam is a given name for a male Tamils.
Eden McCain, a character from the American television series, Heroes
The Latinized form of the Greek name is Hagnes, the feminine form of Hagnos, meaning "chaste" or "sacred".
It was the 528th most common name for women in the United States in the 1990 census.
Alexa is a female form of Alexander, and is sometimes also a short form of Alexandra, both of which come from the Greek, Alexandros.
HRM Oba Osungbelola 1 was the Grandson of Oba Odunola Ojagodolokun "Osemawe of Ondo Kingdom 1814 - 1817"
Tadayuki Okada, Japanese professional Grand Prix motorcycle road racer
Grete or Grethe is a feminine given name, a derivate of Margaret.
Ayane is the romanization of a feminine Japanese given name.
Katsuhiko is a masculine Japanese given name.
Reiko Kuroda, a Japanese chemist and professor at University of Tokyo
Anita is a common given name for women, which is derived from Sanskrit and mostly used in India and United States.
According to historian Alex Woolf, the early Gaelic form of the name, Oengus, was borrowed from the British Pictish Onuist, which appears in British as Ungust.
Morihiko is a masculine Japanese given name.
Tokuko is a feminine Japanese given name.
Takahiro is a masculine Japanese given name.
Itsuki is a give name in Japan.
Teodora-Evdokija, daughter of Stefan Dečanski, wife of Dejan
Prince Takeda Tsunehisa, Japanese prince and general
Voldemārs Veiss, Latvian soldier and Nazi collaborator
Bernard Ebbers, Canadian businessman, founder and former chief executive officer of WorldCom
Ambrogio is a given name, and may refer to:
Holly is an English-language surname and given name.
Gangubai, meaning beautiful, is a female name on the Indian subcontinent.
Jelle is a Dutch male given name.
The Scottish surname Douglas was borne by one of the most powerful families of the Kingdom of Scotland.
It is a variation of the Greek name Althaea, which may be related to Greek ἀλθος althos.
The given name Jubal may also refer to:
Adriano Banchieri, Italian composer, music theorist, organist and poet
Hiroyuki Kinoshita, Japanese actor and voice actor
Friedrich is a German given name and the origin of the English Frederick.
modern form of Arminius, who defeated a Roman army in the Battle of the Teutoburg Forest
Birgitta is the Swedish and Icelandic form of the Irish Gaelic female name Brighid.
Ze'ev is a masculine given name relatively common among Ashkenazi Jews, especially those living in the State of Israel.
It began gaining popularity in the United Kingdom during the 1960s.
Dobroslav Jevđević, Bosnian Serb politician and Chetnik commander
Brenton is now also used as a given name in English speaking countries.
Several years of crop failures, resulting from drought followed by floods, led to famine.
Sniedze is a Latvian feminine given name.
Terumasa is a masculine Japanese given name.
Gert is a mainly masculine given name with some female bearers.
Isla Phillips, great-granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II
Hannah Pingree, former majority leader and Speaker of the House in the Maine House of Representatives
Constantin is a Romanian and French male given name.
Jacek is a Polish given name of Greek origin coming from Hyacinth, through the archaic form of Jacenty.
It is among the most popular names given to baby girls born in Azerbaijan, in 2007.
Teresa, Theresa, and Therese are feminine given names.
Pari means "fairy" and is used as a name of its own right as well.
Its widespread use and popularity has roots in its Jewish and Christian origins.
André Luiz de Oliveira Regatieri, Brazilian footballer
Michiaki is a masculine Japanese given name.
Feed him chips and he is happy!
In Sweden and Finland it is often used as a nickname for people with related names such as Jan, Jean or Johan.
Travis Maddox, protagonist of the novel Beautiful Disaster by Jamie McGuire
Yevgeniya Rudneva, Soviet World War II female combat pilot
Dmitry is one of the most popular names in Russia.
Constant Nieuwenhuys, Dutch painter, generally known simply as Constant
Christa is a female given name, which derives potentially from Greek word, "Christos", meaning "anointed" or "chosen one".
It is also considered a male name in Sri Lanka.
In Cantabria it is the feminine form of Jano, a Celtic god based on the Roman Janus.
Gale as a man's name is from an English surname, ultimately from Middle English gaile "jovial".
Ants Antson, Estonian speed skater and Olympic medalist
Darrell is a given name derived from an English surname, which was derived from Norman-French d'Airelle, originally denoting one who came from Airelle in France.
Taryn is a unisex name of various meanings and origins.
Nehal also means beautiful, handsome, and intelligent.
It is mainly a North American name, and may be derived from either the English county Devon, or from the surname Devon.
Takatoshi Goto, Japanese haiku poet and medical doctor
Another possible derivation is from Greek Σελήνη Selene, meaning 'moon'.
Akhil is an Indian masculine given name.
Ellen Burka, Dutch and Canadian figure skater and coach
Manabu is a masculine Japanese given name.
Aileen O'Toole, the managing director of the Irish consultancy AMAS Ltd
First recorded in medieval Spain, it is likely of Germanic origin.
In Gaelic etymology, Euan implies a plethoric individual.
Example : Shanzay Ali D/o Hasan Raza Awan
It is also the diminutive of Jeanne or Jane.
Futoshi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Ketty or Ketti is a feminine given name.
Arya is a Persian and North Indian given name.
Isabelle Redford, an American artist, entrepreneur and philanthropist
It is often given in reference to the Christian concept of divine grace and used as a virtue name.
Lech was the name of the legendary founder of Poland.
Adolfas Večerskis, Lithuanian movie and stage actor, director and translator
Sarah ranked among the top 10 names from 1978 to 2002, reaching a plateau of popularity from the early 1980s to 1988.
The spelling Skyler was the 271st most common name for boys born in the United States in 2007 and the 374th most popular name for girls.
Kirill is a male given name, deriving from the Greek name Κύριλλος which in turn derives from Greek κύριος "lord".
Pierluigi is an Italian masculine given name meaning "Peter Louis".
Tawfik can be used as a given name or surname.
Calvin Murphy, former National Basketball Association player
Maaya is a feminine Japanese given name.
Akinobu is a masculine Japanese given name.
For example, the ancestors of today's lee, loch, etc.
Johann, typically a male given name, is the Germanized form of the originally Hebrew language name יוחנן.
The name is rarely used as surname but it is common as first name or middle name.
Isla Paschal Richardson, writer, author of "To Those I Love"
Rowan is an Irish given name and surname.
Paul  is a common masculine given name in countries and ethnicities with a Christian heritage and, beyond Europe, in Christian religious communities throughout the world.
Luke  is a male given name, and less commonly, a surname.
The name is occasionally given the phonetic spelling Militza in English speaking countries.
Beom-soo, also spelled Bum-soo or Beom-su, is a Korean given name, that is a masculine name.
Ryūichi Tamura, Japanese poet, writer and translator
Raff, variant form which is a very rare male first name
Žygimantas II of Lithuania, King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania
The Irish name is derived from the Irish donn; the name can either mean "brown", or "chief", "noble".
Oreste Biancoli, Italian screenwriter and film director
Marie Léonie Martin, sister of Therese of Lisieux
Mario Lanza, Italian American singer and actor
Vittorio is an Italian male given name taken from the male name Victor.
The name Nina may originate from the old Slavic word Ninati, meaning "dreamer" or "dream".
The name is borne by more than 6,250 men in Latvia.
The origin of the Quranic Isa is complex and is detailed below.
Seizō, Seizo or Seizou is a masculine Japanese given name.
Mikio Naruse, Japanese film director, screenwriter and producer
Demetrius, a main character in William Shakespeare's play, A Midsummer Night's Dream; Demetrius is also a villainous character in Shakespeare's revenge tragedy, Titus Andronicus
The name was coined in modern times.
Reed may be either a surname or given name.
Jiichirō, Jiichiro, Jiichiroh or Jiichirou is a masculine Japanese given name.
Eino Kaila, Finnish philosopher, critic and teacher
Hiroyo is a feminine Japanese given name.
Achim is a male forename and a surname.
Yoshirō, Yoshiro or Yoshirou is a masculine Japanese given name.
Prince Yamashina Takehiko, Japanese prince and Imperial Japanese Navy officer
Kehinde is a given name of Yoruba origin meaning "the second-born of the twins" or the one who comes after Taiwo.
Guillermo is the Spanish form of the male given name William.
Cliff Parisi, British actor and EastEnders star
Variants Iva and Ivanka are diminutives derived from Ivana, and the name can also be spelled as Ivanna.
Alicia Machado, former Miss Universe 1996 from Venezuela
Hannes Võrno, Estonian comedian, politician and fashion designer
Shigeaki is a masculine Japanese given name.
They are cognates of the French Raoul.
Vilis Olavs, Latvian political theorist, writer, and humanitarian
Colm can be pronounced "Collum" or "Chullum".
Among other names in use in English speaking countries that include the -linda suffix are Melinda, Belinda, Celinda, and Rosalinda.
Emanuele Severino, one of the most important contemporary Italian philosophers
In Korean, it means the number one.
The spelling of the name usually indicates where in Ghana the person is from and with which clan they are associated.
Doralice in Antonio Salieri's opera Il ricco d'un giorno in 1784
It is sometimes transliterated in English as Hērō.
Aleksandrs Vanags, Latvian footballer and basketball player
Leila is a feminine given name in the Iranian, Hebrew and Arabic languages.
Other forms include "Grissy", "Gris", "Grisel", "Grizel", "Grissel", "Grizzel", "Grisell", "Grizell", "Grissell", "Grizzell", "Grisleys" and "Criselda".
It is a cognate of the name Oswald.
It is the Irish version of the Old French name Kateline [katlin], which comes from Catherine, which in turn comes from the Ancient Greek Αἰκατερίνη.
It derives from the Germanic elements helm and muot.
Hild, a Nordic-German Bellona, was a Valkyrie who conveyed fallen warriors to Valhalla.
Petras Karla, Lithuanian rower and Olympic competitor
The fourth surah aka chapter in "The Quran" is also names "Al-Nissa" meaning "THE WOMEN", chapter dedicated to women and their rights per Islam.
Pavlos Melas, an officer of the Hellenic Army and hero in the Greek Struggle for Macedonia
Michirō, Michiro or Michirou is a masculine Japanese given name.
During sound change phoneme S became š.
These women are usually identified as Charlotte with an appended title rather than a surname:
Miyako is a feminine Japanese given name.
However, the common nicknames for Elizabeth and Benedetta such as Betty, Bette and Beth are also used for Bettina.
The name day for individuals named Wojciech is April 23.
It has come to mean "one who is ever new" or "eternally new".
Chiemi Chiba, a Japanese voice actress, singer and model
Ričardas Gavelis, Lithuanian writer, playwright and journalist
Høgni is a Faroese male given name, which means "protector" or "patron" in Old Norse, and is a variant of Hagen.
Prince Nashimoto Morimasa, Japanese prince and general
Mihály Mikes, Hungarian noble, Chancellor of Transylvania
Dan Beard, founder of the Sons of Daniel Boone
Ole is a Danish and Norwegian masculine given name, derived from the Old Norse name Óláfr, meaning "ancestor's descendant".
It was the most popular given name for baby girls born in Lithuania in 2005.
Mario Puzo, author known chiefly for his novel The Godfather
The literal meaning of Miervaldis is "peace-ruler": mier from miers and the element -valdis as above.
Jinichi Kawakami, Japanese academic and ninjutsu practitioner
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.
In Germany, Ida is a female name derived from a Germanic word id, meaning "labor, work".
Kelsey Grammer, American actor, director, and writer
The name has been in use in the United States since at least the late 19th century, according to Social Security Administration records.
Adele is a feminine given name meaning "manifesting".
Carlos Alberto Alves Garcia, Portuguese winger for Hannover 96 nicknamed Carlitos;
Naruhito Noda, representative of the Aum Shinrikyo sect
The meaning of the name is "knowledgeable", "skillful", or "proficient".
Aghora - south aspect that rejuvenates manifest Brahman - associated with Rudra - represents fire
Tadayoshi is a masculine Japanese given name.
Julien Absalon, a French cross-country mountain biker
In North America, the name is used for girls more often than boys.
Jaanus is an Estonian masculine given name, a version of John.
Yuya Tegoshi, Japanese idol, actor and singer
Caelan is an Irish or Gaelic name of origin meaning many things but most commonly "slender", "child", and "powerful warrior".
It is often an abbreviation of "Giovanni Luigi".
Gitanjali or Geetanjali is and Indian feminine given name.
Deepali is a Hindu/Sanskrit Indian popular feminine given name, which means "joy", "happiness into one's life"
Yaw Danso, Ghanaian footballer playing in Puerto Rico
Masatake is a masculine Japanese given name.
Jógvan Heinason, first Minister of the Faroe Islands
Djibo is a common masculine name in Muslim countries, and is a diminutive form of Djibril, the Arabic name for Gabriel.
Kathryn Grayson, American lead actress and operatic soprano singer with MGM and Warner Brothers
The characters used for "taro" mean "first son", which is why the name is seen only for males.
Hidehito is a masculine Japanese given name.
Les Stroud, Canadian filmmaker and survival expert, creator, writer, producer, director, cameraman and host of the television series Survivorman
Masao Sasakibara, Japanese World War II flying ace
Hamad refers to two different but related Arabic given names, both of which come from the Arabic triconsonantal root of Ḥ-M-D:
Tammie is a feminine given name, an abbreviation of Thomasina and Tamara.
Maodhóg, anglicized Mogue, and the Welsh form Madog are formed from the affectionate prefix mo- and the separate diminutive -og.
This dimension is reinforced by which says that Ishanya-disha represents Prosperity and Knowledge.
It is widespread in Portuguese-speaking countries and therefore also the name of several notable people and places:
The name belongs to several religious figures known as Saint Cyril.
Caesar Cardini, Italian hotel owner, restaurateur, and chef in Tijuana, Mexico
Lajos Batthyány, first Prime Minister of Hungary
Oreste Carpi, Italian painter, engraver and ceramist
Arvo Aaltonen, Finnish swimmer and Olympic medalist
Joana is a feminine name, the equivalent of Joanna in Catalan and Portuguese.
The name Ramanathan is given to the Hindu god Shiva at Rameshwaram, one of the southernmost towns in India.
Arvīds Pelše, Latvian Soviet politician, functionary, and historian
Ramūnas Butautas, Lithuanian basketball player and coach
It is one of many Arabic theophoric names, meaning "conquest of Allah".
Faith, Hope and Charity, the three theological virtues, are names traditionally given to triplet girls, just as Faith and Hope remain common names for twin girls.
