National Security Service of the Republic of Armenia is a state agency of Armenia, responsible for national security and intelligence.
It also accounted for the resulting debt and more recently, provides administrative and IT services to federal agencies.
Its head office is in the Harbour Building in Central, Hong Kong.
Mossad, short for HaMossad leModiʿin uleTafkidim Meyuḥadim, is the national intelligence agency of Israel.
As of 2016, NIWA had 634 staff spread across 16 sites in New Zealand and one in Perth, Australia.
Sixth Central Pay Commission, unlike the earlier Central Pay Commissions(CPC), was given wide remit.
DEVELOP is a training and development program sponsored by NASA's Earth Science Applied Sciences Program.
As of January 2017, CalSTRS is the largest teachers' retirement fund in the United States.
The Department of the Arts, Sport, the Environment and Territories was an Australian government department that existed between December 1991 and March 1993.
The eastern one-third of the CDP is in the western part of Genesee Township.
The Myanmar National Human Rights Commission is Burma's independent national human rights commission, consisting of 11 retired bureaucrats and academics.
Named after cryptoanalyst and mathematician W. T. Tutte, it is based in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
The ministry is headed by the Minister for States and Frontier Regions.
The Ministry of Culture of Estonia is a Cabinet-level governmental agency in Estonia in charge of conducting and organising the country's cultural affairs and policies.
The Oklahoma State Banking Department is an agency of the state of Oklahoma.
Chairwoman from 2012 until 2016 was Lefterije Lleshi.
The board operates under Ghana's Ministry of Interior.
The commission also identifies Recorded Texas Historic Landmarks and recognizes them with Official Texas Historical Marker medallions and descriptive plaques.
It was also responsible for managing the import and export of goods and services into the UK.
The current Commissioner of ConnDOT is James P. Redeker.
Under the law, the Secretariat was subordinated to the Presidency and is ruled by secret decrees and laws.
Its Headquarters is located at Building 3 and 52, Nay Pyi Taw, in Myanmar.
The ministry offices are located at the old Nordiska Handelsbanken building in Stockholm.
Since 2004, the Director of LIAA is Andris Ozols.
The New Jersey State Planning Commission is responsible for oversight of planning issues affecting the U.S. state of New Jersey.
The Oklahoma Military Department is an agency of the state of Oklahoma that serves as the administrative agency for all matters concerning the Oklahoma National Guard.
Despite its name, it no longer regulates railroads.
The Authority operates under the purview of the Ministry of Infrastructure Development.
Commercial launches are bought also by non-European companies.
President Harry S. Truman created the BLM in 1946 by combining two existing agencies: the General Land Office and the Grazing Service.
From 1871 to 1919, the Foreign Office was led by a Foreign Secretary, and since 1919, it has been led by the Foreign Minister of Germany.
In October 2001, TRICARE benefits were extended to retirees and their dependents aged 65 and over.
The European Systemic Risk Board was established on 16 December 2010 in response to the ongoing financial crisis.
The agency was created under Governor Jerry Brown in 2013 after the previous Business, Transportation and Housing Agency's portfolio underwent reorganization.
Its functions also extend to overseeing airport facilities, air traffic services and carriage of passengers and goods by air.
It manages the government's foreign relations and trade policies.
The functions and powers of the office are set out in Part 28 of the Education Act 1989.
The Oklahoma Secretary of Veterans Affairs is a member of the Oklahoma Governor's Cabinet.
The department has been accredited by the Commission for Accreditation of Park and Recreation Agencies.
The ministry is also responsible for issuing passports and personal identification to citizens.
The two bodies were established against a background of strengthened Hong Kong-Taiwan links and trade, which match improved China-Taiwan relations.
The current commander is U.S. Air Force Lt. Gen. Samuel A. Greaves.
The ministry awards the Lithuanian National Prize for achievements in the arts and culture, and the Martynas Mažvydas Award for scholarly research.
The Alamo Regional Mobility Authority is an independent government agency created in 2003 to improve the transportation system in Bexar County in the U.S. state Texas.
The ministry is composed of several subordinate bodies including the Directorate of Hajj, the Council of Islamic Ideology, and the Madrassah Education Board.
The Department of Transport was an Australian government department that existed between June 1941 and March 1950.
The current Architect of the Capitol is Stephen T. Ayers.
The agency is responsible for all bus terminals with seven or more bus stops, and those in conjunction with railway stations.
It was superseded by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development by the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1965.
The groundwater basin provides a water supply to 19 municipal water agencies and special districts that serve more than 2.4 million Orange County residents.
It was renamed on July 23, 2007 when tourism was placed under ministry authority.
Rob Klee has served as Commissioner of the Department since January, 2014.
As of 1 December 2010, the General Director is Air Mshl Jaime Alarcón Pérez.
The Somali Disaster Management Agency is the national emergency management agency of the Federal Republic of Somalia.
The ministry is headed by Huseingulu Bagirov.
The IID was formed as a public agency, acquiring 13 mutual water companies in the valley which had developed and operated water distribution canals.
A seven-year contract enabling the Post Office to continue to process car tax applications was agreed in November 2012, with the option of a three-year extension.
Land and Property Services maintain records for Northern Ireland.
The General Directorate for Internal Security is a French intelligence agency.
The National Indian Gaming Commission is a United States independent federal regulatory agency within the Department of the Interior.
During wartime, units of the State Border Guard Service of Ukraine fall under the command of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
Until recently the board reported to the Minister of Consumer Services but as of 1 October 2015, the board is overseen by the Ontario Film Authority.
It is best known for its parks and parkways.
The AAIB is a branch of the Department for Transport and is based in the grounds of Farnborough Airport, Hampshire.
collect, analyse and publish workplace HSE statistics.
The later offers certain state owned properties for free to filmmakers.
All profits from Virginia Lottery ticket sales go to K-12 public education.
The ministry is mandated to empower the youths statewide and engage in activities that aim to assist them to develop, identify and pursue their goals.
Bancoldex also repurchase Andorran Banking Giant Andbank in 2014, that have left the family for 30 years.
Regulating and monitoring the use of nuclear energy and ionized radiation.
It plays an important role in identifying the deserving candidates for providing relief and adequate benefits to them as per regulations.
Until Rutledge took office, Democrats had held the office since Reconstruction.
The jurisdiction does not cover the cocoa, coffee or forestry sectors.
The EPA is not a Cabinet department, but the Administrator is normally given cabinet rank.
It functions as a landlord in the government system of internal rent—a commercially based model for managing government real estate.
The Ministry of Cities is a cabinet-level federal ministry in Brazil.
In fiscal year 2016, CRS was appropriated a budget of roughly $106.9 million by Congress.
Historian Raul Hilberg estimates that between 1941 and 1945 the Einsatzgruppen and related auxiliary troops killed more than two million people, including 1.3 million Jews.
The Lagos State Ministry of Justice is the state government ministry, concerned with the administration of justice.
It was established in February 2013 and the Crown Research Institute Industrial Research Limited was merged into it.
The Agency was absorbed into the Inland Revenue in 1999 and ceased to be an Executive Agency at this time.
Planning particular insurance system for widows, old women and self-dependent women;
The BIA was formed on 27 July 2002 from its predecessor, the State Security Service.
The agency has its origins in the Strategic Defense Initiative which was established in 1983 and was headed by Lt. General James Alan Abrahamson.
The European Securities and Markets Authority is a European Union financial regulatory institution and European Supervisory Authority, located in Paris.
Following passage of the Facilities Protection Service Reform Law, the Ministry absorbed FPS personnel previously spread among other ministries.
He also serves as an ex officio member of governing boards of the state's higher education system.
The Special Administrative Unit of Civil Aeronautics is a government agency of the Colombian Ministry of Transport.
The Department for Education is a department of Her Majesty's Government responsible for child protection, education, apprenticeships and wider skills in England.
The Office is part of Land Information New Zealand, the New Zealand Government Agency responsible for survey, land valuation, land titles and mapping.
The agency will be within the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.
3 of 1978 and implemented by two Executive Orders on April 1, 1979.
Other projects in the pipeline involve the extension of the NLEX that would connect it to the existing SLEX.
Its regulations are compiled in title 14 of the New York Codes, Rules and Regulations.
In the 2014 national budget, the department received an appropriation of R6,178 billion rand, and had 5,924 employees as of 2010.
The headquarters of ASIS is within DFAT's headquarters in Canberra.
The NSA was granted the power to make arrests by a 2008 Royal Decree, and lost this power in 2011, again by Royal Decree.
Former U.S. Secretary of Transportation Mary Peters had previously been a Director of ADOT.
It has field offices in Adelaide, Brisbane, and Perth.
The Department of Housing of Puerto Rico is responsible for homeownership, affordable housing, and community assistance programs in Puerto Rico.
Currently, there are 26 local emergency management offices in Maryland – all 23 counties, along with Annapolis, Baltimore and Ocean City.
In 1993, the positions of treasurer and minister of economics were formally combined and renamed the minister of finance.
The International Trade Administration is an agency in the United States Department of Commerce that promotes United States exports of nonagricultural U.S. services and goods.
In June 1939, President Roosevelt appointed Leland Olds to the FPC, who served as chairman from January 1940 until 1949.
The ministry is coordinated by the Federal Minister for Science and Technology, and is headquartered in Islamabad.
This directorate investigates aviation accidents and incidents.
"The Military Department includes the office of the Adjutant General, the California National Guard, the State Military Reserve, the California Cadet Corps, and the Naval Militia."
The ministry is currently headed by Elguja Khokrishvili.
Membership in the social security system is compulsory for all employees.
Its headquarters is in the Sejong Government Office in Sejong City.
The NESA Center is located at Fort Lesley J. McNair in Washington, DC.
The Commission, in turn, appoints the Director of Rehabilitation Services to serve as the chief executive officer of the Department.
MSI became fully operational on 1 February 2011, at which point MoRST and the Foundation for Research, Science and Technology were disestablished.
Kuwait News Agency is an official state news wire service based in Kuwait.
It was established by an act of Congress on October 15, 1966, and began operation on April 1, 1967.
The Department of Trade and Customs was an Australian government department that existed between 1901 and 1956.
It was the second so-named Australian Government department.
Since May 2014, the Minister for Road Transport and Highways is Nitin Gadkari.
With more than 240,000 employees, DHS is the third largest Cabinet department, after the Departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs.
During the Ancien Régime, the Council of State advised the king about international policy.
Archived from the original on 19 December 2013.
The Ministry of Home Affairs or Home Ministry is a ministry of the Government of Bangladesh.
The New Zealand Companies Office is a government agency that provides business registry services in relation to corporate entities, personal property and capital market securities.
Prior to this, documents from the three counties were stored at the Regional State Archives in Oslo.
Indiana took Congress up on its offer and created the Indiana State Highway Commission in 1919.
The ministry closely operates with the Albanian police.
In return, he received an annual grant known as the Civil list.
The Middle Rio Grande Conservancy District was formed in 1925 to manage the irrigation systems and control floods in the Albuquerque Basin.
The Finnish Environment Institute is a research institute and government agency under the Ministry of the Environment, located in Helsinki, Finland.
The AEB is best known for its long-running slogan, "The Incredible, Edible Egg".
Workforce Singapore, formerly known as Singapore Workforce Development Agency, is a statutory board under the Ministry of Manpower of the Singapore Government.
The NRA was responsible for making major improvements to key roads, especially the Major Inter-Urban Routes.
The department was subsequently merged into the Home Office, before transferring to the DCMS on 4 September 2012 following a Cabinet reshuffle.
The Service for Research and Documentation was the foreign intelligence agency of Serbia.
Investigating complaints or suspected contraventions of workplace laws; and
The department is run by the Secretary of State for Transport, currently Chris Grayling.
The NSA is also tasked with the protection of U.S. communications networks and information systems.
The Department of Justice is the department responsible for the laws of Hong Kong headed by the Secretary for Justice.
The Institut de veille sanitaire is a French public establishment of the Health minister.
The Commission was set up after the large-scale civil strife that followed the Drumcree conflict over an Orange Order parade in Portadown.
It was initially administered by the Department of Science and Technology from 2012 to 2017, but is now managed by the University of the Philippines.
It is a legal requirement in the UK for regulated activity employers to refer safeguarding concerns to the DBS.
The Directorate of General Security also called Internal State Security, secret police or some variation thereof was a domestic Iraqi intelligence agency.
The Council has 13 regional human rights commissions, established with the aim to closely monitor the situation of human rights in the different regions of Morocco.
Similarly the Western Aeronautical Test Range at the facility was renamed the NASA Hugh L. Dryden Aeronautical Test Range.
The current Attorney General is Néstor Humberto Martínez.
Corrective Services NSW is headed by a Commissioner, presently Peter Severin, who reports to the Minister for Corrections, presently the Hon.
Before 1997, the names of the department and the position was the Legal Department and Attorney General respectively.
The Board of Investment accompanies investors looking at opportunities in Africa.
The BIA reviews the decisions of the U.S. immigration courts, some decisions of U.S.
Currently, Public Service Hall endeavors to provide up to 400 services at the main location in Tbilisi.
The Ministry of Labour and Social Security is a government ministry office of the Republic of Turkey, responsible for labour and social security affairs in Turkey.
There were four centers which were officially inaugurated by the NCCA and these are centers in Phnom Penh, Jakarta, Seoul and Yangon.
The Ministry of Tourism of Ghana is the government ministry responsible for the development and promotion of tourism-related activities in the country.
The CEPD acted in an advisory role to the central government in formulating economic policies.
WYDOT headquarters are located in northwest Cheyenne adjacent to the Central Avenue Interchange on I-25.
Beecher is an unincorporated community in Genesee County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
It consists of the Parliament of Andalusia, the President of the Government of Andalusia and the Government Council.
The body is organised into a Directorate Council -which is in turn sub-divided into five Directorates and three Cabinets-, a Consultant Council, and a Finance Council.
The Ministry of Liberation War Affairs is the ministry responsible for the preservation of war memorials and the welfare of Freedom Fighters.
President Dwight D. Eisenhower established NASA in 1958 with a distinctly civilian orientation encouraging peaceful applications in space science.
Muhammad Sharif Abid Secretary, Mr. Najeeb Ashraf Warraich Estate Officer, Mr. Abdul Sattar Rashid Security Officer and Mr. Fazal Karim Engineer.
It allows enrollees to compare health insurance plans and provides those who qualify with access to tax credits.
The Assessment and Evaluation Commission is a commission in the Republic of the Sudan that monitors and supports the implementation of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement.
Ambulance Victoria, an agency of the Department of Health & Human Services, is the statutory provider of pre-hospital emergency care and ambulance services in Victoria.
It is the supreme audit institution of the federal government of the United States.
Lyon took office on January 15, 1915.
The ministry offices are located at Jakobsgatan 26 in central Stockholm.
He was appointed by Governor Rick Scott in December 2010.
Nippon Export and Investment Insurance or NEXI, is an incorporated administrative agency of the Japanese government.
It also served as a member of the ICC Sub-Committee on Accreditation.
She assumed office on 24 May 2016.
The Minister of Defence is appointed and removed from the post by the Prime Minister of Georgia.
Callaghan Innovation, a Crown entity of New Zealand, has the task of making New Zealand business more innovative.
The United States Sentencing Commission is an independent agency of the judicial branch of the federal government of the United States.
As per the Constitution, the Commission is appointed every five years and consists of a chairman and four other members.
The ORD was re-titled the ISS in 1987.
The MRA is responsible for the assessment of liability, the collection and the accountability for Tax and the management, operation and enforcement of Revenue Laws.
MoDOT director Kevin Keith stepped down from the position for an undisclosed medical reason on March 21, 2013, and will retire effective July 1.
Each bank serves a separate, non-overlapping district within the United States.
Florida Lakewatch has in its history obtained funding from a number of sources, but currently is mostly funded by the state of Florida.
The Michigan Department of Transportation is a constitutional government principal department of the US state of Michigan.
Design and maintenance of furniture, furnishings and fittings for the Commonwealth Government.
IDA Ireland is the agency responsible for the attraction and development of foreign direct investment in Ireland.
The Jet Propulsion Laboratory Science Division investigates physical and chemical processes on the Earth, in the Solar System, and throughout the universe.
The Department of Fire and Emergency Services is a government department that is responsible for fire and emergency services in Western Australia.
The FBI began investigating the failed development of the website in March 2014.
Her Majesty's Passport Office is a division of the Home Office in the United Kingdom.
However, the federal government has jurisdiction over off-shore resources, trade and commerce in natural resources, statistics, international relations, and boundaries.
MoFALD is the only ministry with direct linkage with the country's local bodies, namely city and village municipalities and their wards.
The Office of the President of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar is a ministry-level body that serves the President of Myanmar.
It is still the name of the German foreign ministry today.
It increased the Council members from seven to nine to accommodate the new members from the Postal Authority.
West Region: La Paz, Mohave and Yavapai counties
Monitor, evaluate, and recommend improvements in serving those experiencing homelessness and disseminate best practices;
The main function of the ministry is to regulate the media of Saudi Arabia and the communications between Saudi Arabia and other countries.
The United States Congress passes a budget detailing where Federal tax money is to be spent in the upcoming year.
The Military Security Agency is the Serbian military security and counterintelligence agency under the Ministry of Defence.
It is headed by the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Minister of Minerals Development, who is a member of the Chief Minister's Cabinet.
The AIDS Activities Coordinating Office is a part of the Philadelphia Department of Public Health.
It is also responsible for all government programs relating to family planning in Bangladesh.
These are some of the aspects they focus on:
Since 1995 the organisation has constructed two houses every day.
He was succeeded by Andrew Saul, who named Gary Amelio executive director in 2002, replacing Mehle.
These appear in various scales both as map series and as regional maps.
The CHRB has committees which oversee the assorted duties of the Board.
It has been named the 9th best place to work in the U.S. federal government.
The Ministry was disbanded on 16 November 2015 based on the regulation of the Council of Ministers, and partially superseded by the Ministry of Digital Affairs.
CDI has over 1,300 employees charged with the responsibility of protecting consumer interests.
The MoD political head is the Defence Minister of Ghana, and its offices are located in Accra, Greater Accra.
DFAS is responsible for all payments to servicemembers, employees, vendors, and contractors.
PennDOT also supports the Ports of Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, and Erie.
The Cabinet also functioned as the naval cabinet of Prussia.
CSLB's Statewide Investigative Fraud Team focuses on the underground economy and on unlicensed contractors.
Other international treaties which AMSA administers include the Navigation Act 2012 and the Protection of the Sea Act 1983.
Since then, Dr. Sarwar Danish functioned as acting minister, even when he was formally presented to the National Assembly and rejected on 26 June, 2010.
That led in March 1928 to the Shakhty Trial, which saw the prosecution of a group of supposed industrial saboteurs allegedly involved in a hostile conspiracy.
According to the present structure, the members of the Royal Society of Thailand are of three types: associate fellows, fellows, and honorary fellows.
The law abolished the Information Technology Investment Board and replaced it with a new Information Technology Advisory Council.
The Chicago Housing Authority is a municipal corporation that oversees public housing within the city of Chicago.
The department's offices are located at 30 Mary Street, Brisbane.
The state budget is supported by the motor vehicle fuels tax which is dedicated solely to transportation issues.
It also has a loan servicing operation, for student loans that it owns and for lenders under contract.
NHS Sustainable Development Unit' is a British Government Agency with a mission to promote sustainable development for the National Health Service.
It was dissolved and replaced by the National Infrastructure Agency in 2011.
The Ministry of Counter Narcotics is a ministry within the government of Afghanistan.
The Contributions Agency was a former executive agency of the United Kingdom.
The Texas A&M Transportation Institute in College Station, Texas is the largest transportation research agency in the United States.
The National Center for Biotechnology forms part of the Spanish National Research Council(CSIC), the largest public research institution in Spain.
The Central Office of Information closed on 30 December 2011.
Both commissions are currently chaired by Xi Jinping, who is the General Secretary of the Communist Party of China as well as Paramount leader.
The NRO's federal workforce consists primarily of Air Force, CIA, NGA, NSA, and Navy personnel.
The Ordnance Survey Board remain accountable to the Secretary of State for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy.
The Changhua County Government is the local government of the Republic of China that governs Changhua County.
It was abolished as a non-departmental public body on 1 April 2014, when it was merged into Citizens Advice.
The Oklahoma State Department of Health is a department of the government of Oklahoma under the supervision of the Oklahoma Secretary of Health.
In addition to being subdivided into functional departments, the ministry supervises the federal service for veterinary and phytosanitary surveillance.
The Colorado Department of Higher Education is the principal department of the Colorado state government responsible for implementing the policies of the CCHE.
The MoIB has jurisdiction for administrating the rules and regulations and laws relating to information, broadcasting and the press media in Pakistan.
Covered California is the health insurance marketplace in the U.S. state of California.
Manufacturing and commerce including industry and market development
The Unit is supported by the Research and Analytics Unit.
The vector control district's mission is to promote community health, comfort and welfare through effective and responsive vector control.
The Delaware River Joint Toll Bridge Commission is a bistate, public agency charged with providing safe, dependable and efficient river crossings between Pennsylvania and New Jersey.
CEPA was the central piece of Canada's environmental legislation but was replaced when budget implementation bill entered into effect in June 2012.
Board is also responsible for providing an estimate of all revenue that will be available for appropriation by the Oklahoma Legislature for the coming fiscal year.
Estonian Weather Service is a department part of the Estonian Environment Agency, which in turn is under the responsibility of the Ministry of Environment.
DVLA introduced Electronic Vehicle Licensing in 2004, allowing customers to pay vehicle excise duty online and by telephone.
ARS research focuses on solving problems affecting Americans every day.
Maurice Bridgeman, Principal Assistant Secretary in the Petroleum Division.
The Cabinet Secretariat is an agency in the Japanese government, headed by the Chief Cabinet Secretary.
MSI assumed responsibility for the science and innovation policy and investment functions of both agencies.
Its former functions are now incorporated within the Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment.
A section 6(7) offence has a maximum punishment of six months imprisonment or level five on the standard scale.
The Oklahoma Criminal Justice Resource Center was an agency of the State of Oklahoma.
The department has undergone numerous name changes and reorganisations in recent years.
After 2006, when there was a major cabinet reshuffle, the minister of Commerce became more and more referred to as the minister of Commerce and Industries.
Usually SSLC Examination is taken place in March and results are announced on April or May.
The Department of Aboriginal Affairs was an Australian government department that existed between December 1972 and March 1990.
It is assigned with the task of equipping the German Armed Forces with modern weapon systems considering cost efficiency aspects.
The plan currently has completed the Equitable Resources building and the Del Monte Building.
The Department of the Army was an Australian federal government department.
The IDEAM also serves as the Colombian institute of meteorology and studies the climate of Colombia.
The Philadelphia Water Department provides integrated potable water, wastewater, and stormwater services for Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and some communities in Bucks, Delaware and Montgomery counties.
Izabella Teixeira, a career employee of IBAMA, has served as the Minister of Environment since her appointment in May 2010.
The Armaments Bureau is the affiliated authority of the Ministry of National Defense of the Republic of China.
Pennsylvania State Ethics Commission is the main ethics commission for the Government of Pennsylvania.
Previously, the Illinois Department of Corrections managed Illinois' juvenile facilities.
The Department of Family and Community Services was an Australian government department that existed between October 1998 and January 2006.
Apitong is a barangay of Boac, Marinduque, Philippines whose present captain is Pedro Palmero who defeated Eric J. Madrigal in the 2007 national and barangay election.
In May 2015, the BMEL announced the new ‘Renewable Resources’ funding programme.
Among the Paperclip dossiers were those of Magnus von Braun, Georg Rickhey, Arthur Rudolph, and Walter Schreiber.
PTC was established to develop an integrated public transport network, by assuring quality services and by surveying the fares suitable for the public.
The board conducts environmental assessments and research.
It is owned by Government of Haryana and its headquarters is located in Hisar city of Haryana, India.
The organisation believes whether New Zealanders are playing, coaching, refereeing, volunteering, managing or supporting – the power of sport helps bind communities and the nation together.
DCA licenses or certifies practitioners in more than 255 professions.
Although its agents can be armed for their protection, the agency does not have prosecutorial and detention powers.
“drafts government bills, makes prosecution decisions, and promotes the rule of law”.
Established by the Texas Legislature in 1891, it is the state's oldest regulatory agency and began as part of the Efficiency Movement of the Progressive Era.
Ministry of Information, Posts and Telecommunication was the ministry that was responsible for governmental communication in Somalia.
This department is also responsible for quarantine control on all plants, soil and animal products brought into the state.
The head of the office is the Clerk of the Privy Council.
The main areas covered were essentially those previously covered by the DTI: company law, trade, energy, business growth, employment law, regional economic development and consumer law.
The Oregon Youth Development Division is an agency of the government of the U.S. state of Oregon.
The CFPB was established as an independent agency, but this status is being reviewed by the US Court of Appeals.
Moreover, when the CIOS was disbanded, the JIOA assumed much of its work.
The service is provided free to Tasmanian residents.
The NBACC is the principal U.S. biodefense research institution engaged in laboratory-based threat assessment and bioforensics.
The Servicio Meteorológico Nacional is Mexico's national weather organization.
Precision fabrication facilities, development of transducers and integration of satellite propulsion systems are carried out at Bangalore.
Provide leadership, with other central agencies, to develop a high-performing State sector.
coordinate matters of protocolary nature that concern the government of Puerto Rico
It also has in its fold an educational society that provides educational facilities for children of DAE employees.
The current Cabinet Secretary is Dave Martin.
Frostating Court of Appeal is a court of appeal located in Trondheim, Norway.
Initially, it was formed as the Office of Labour and Labourers within the Ministry of Economy upon Act of Parliament No.
DC Health Link is the health insurance marketplace for the District of Columbia, created pursuant to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.
The New York City Housing Authority provides housing for low- and moderate-income residents throughout the five boroughs of New York City.
It is responsible for the judicial system, correctional services, household, property and corporate registrations.
The FHFB provided regulatory oversight of the nation's Federal Home Loan Banks.
It currently owns the West General Robinson Street Garage and surface parking lots near PNC Park and Heinz Field.
The ministers are assisted by the Assistant Minister for Disability Services, currently the Hon.
These terminals are managed by the Philadelphia Regional Port Authority, PhilaPort, an agency of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Its primary components are the Connecticut Army National Guard, the Connecticut Air National Guard, and four companies of the state militia.
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is an independent agency of the United States federal government.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is a Dutch Ministry responsible for foreign relations and international development.
The boundaries also extend into small portions of Imperial and San Diego counties.
It reported directly to the Minister of State for Employment.
The Ministry of Justice is an Algerian government ministry.
Controversies have been drawn towards how the accounts of the Radio Television Hong Kong have been audited.
The Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change is an Indian government ministry.
To prevent and end homelessness for families, youth, and children by 2020.
"The militia of the State shall consist of the National Guard, State Military Reserve and the Naval Militia--which constitute the active militia--and the unorganized militia."
It was announced by Prime Minister Bob Hawke as a new agency on his first day in the leadership position.
It is under the authority of the Ministry of Ecology, Sustainable Development, Transport and Housing.
The Ministry of Defence is a Bangladeshi government ministry.
The agency is ascribed to the Department of Transportation and Public Works and was established by Act No.
The Office of Administration is an entity within the Executive Office of the President tasked with overseeing the general administration of the entire Executive Office.
The Ministry of Health and Population has its headquarters in Cairo.
It has also received attention from national media, and was even recognized by United States President Barack Obama.
These include government documents since the May Fourth Movement.
The Department of Community, Culture and Leisure was one of nine departments of the Isle of Man Government.
The current Director of Corrections is Joe Allbaugh.
The Department of Public Safety's headquarters is located in Columbus, Ohio.
Peter Dutton MP and the Assistant Minister for Immigration and Border Protection, currently MP the Hon.
The Office of Export Enforcement detects, prevents, investigates and assists in the sanctioning of illegal exports of such items.
It supports eligible Scottish students by paying their tuition fees, as well as offering bursaries and supplementary grants.
The Department of Immigration and Ethnic Affairs was an Australian government department that existed between March 1993 and March 1996.
The Social Security Advisory Board is an independent, bipartisan board of the United States federal government.
The Hyderabad Urban Development Authority was created in 1975, vide an act of the State Assembly of Andhra Pradesh.
The agencies main responsibilities are controlling the telecom market, issuing frequency concessions and telephone numbers.
Each Minister of Justice between 1990 and 2010 was also Public Prosecutor General.
Under the State Election Board are the county election boards and precinct election boards.
Infrastructure Australia was established in July 2008 to provide advice to the Australian Government under the Infrastructure Australia Act 2008.
CHIN was the first national organization to participate in the Virtual Library museums pages online museums directory, now supported by ICOM.
The agency is located in Oslo and is under the supervision of the Ministry of Finance.
The agency also provide legal information on-line, via a Government website.
The purpose of Estyn is to inspect and report on the quality and standards of education and training provided in Wales, including:
The total amount of budget funds allocated to the combined Ministry Construction and the Ministry of the Environment was 699 million HRK as of 2014.
USCIS is headed by a director, currently James McCament, who reports directly to the Secretary of Homeland Security.
The current Federal Highway Administrator, Victor Mendez, was also previously a Director of ADOT.
The Flemish Government must receive and keep the confidence of the Flemish Parliament.
The responsibilities of the Ministry includes censorship of anti-Russian films.
The ministry provides the support, services and organization aimed at guiding higher education sector in Jordan.
Their central organization was named Suojeluskuntajärjestö, and the organization consisted of local chapters in municipalities.
The Agency’s charter capital makes RUR 30 billion.
After a review of the organisation in the late 1990s, it was relaunched as an NDPB.
The clearance is often required for government jobs and some private-sector jobs.
The bureau has the role of administrating tax collection and the customs of Brazil.
The department's regulations are compiled in title 46 of the Rules.
The Presidency of Civil Aviation was among others also in charge of the Saudi Arabian Airlines and the Meteorology Department.
The current Comptroller General is Jo Whelan.
The Met Office is the United Kingdom's national weather service.
Najib Balala a jubilee government principle was appointed as the first Cabinet Secretary to run the newly formed ministry.
She succeeded Rahul N. Merchant, who succeeded Carole Post.
IIP is one of three bureaus that report to the Undersecretary for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs.
The USGS is a fact-finding research organization with no regulatory responsibility.
NDOW's eleven state-owned wildlife management areas provide approximately 117,000 acres of wildlife habitat.
Additionally, the NSRRC also operates two beamlines at SPring-8 in Japan.
The city government is headquartered at New Taipei City Hall in Banqiao District.
Tualatin Hills Park & Recreation District is a special parks district located in the eastern part of Washington County in the U.S. state of Oregon.
The board oversee compliance with the "Code of Bank's Commitment to Customers".
In January 2016, after executions of Nimr Baqir al-Nimr, leader Shia in Saudi Arabia's Eastern Province, Iranian protesters stormed Saudi Arabia embassy in Tehran.
The New Jersey Legislature passed the Public Advocate Restoration Act in 2005, which was signed into law on July 12, 2005, by Governor Richard Codey.
DISIP was an intelligence and Counter-intelligence agency inside and outside of Venezuela between 1969 and 2009 when SEBIN was created by former President Hugo Chavez.
The National Archive of Catalonia, is a body created by the Generalitat of Catalonia by decree the 28th November 1980.
The department was established in 1930 under the Merchant Shipping Act, 1923, which was repealed and replaced with Merchant Shipping Ordinance No.
New York State Office of General Services
The total number of Jews murdered during the Holocaust is estimated at 5.5 to 6 million people.
It was established in 2000 under the Postal Services Act 2000.
This service-provider relationship with its customers has resulted in a continuous innovation and improvement in the quality of services DFAS provides.
HealthSource RI is the health insurance marketplace for the U.S. state of Rhode Island.
The body was founded in 1933 with the name Deposit Protection Act.
National Statistics and Censuses Institute is the Argentine government agency responsible for the collection and processing of statistical data.
The Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs and Disaster Management is a ministry of the Government of South Sudan.
It also works in the observation and surveillance of the country’s natural resources.
Department of Chemicals and Petro-Chemicals is an agency of the Indian government established in 1991.
From 1927 to 1929 the OGPU engaged in intensive investigations of an opposition coup.
Ordnance Survey Ireland is the national mapping agency of Ireland.
The Ministry of Regional Development was a ministerial department within the government of Poland.
It was renamed the Ballistic Missile Defense Organization in 1993, and then renamed the Missile Defense Agency in 2002.
The organization was created in 1904 as the Iowa State Highway Commission, an extension of Iowa State College in Ames.
Serious breaches are referred to the Human Rights Review Tribunal.
adopt new or more effective methods for administering the law and dispensing justice, and
That ministry was split into the Ministry of Power, Ministry of Coal, and Ministry of Non-Conventional Energy Sources.
An interior ministry, it is mainly responsible for the maintenance of internal security and domestic policy.
The General Staff of the Armed Forces of Azerbaijan Republic is the military staff of the Azerbaijani Armed Forces.
The administrator reports to the Presidential Assistant for Food Security and Agricultural Modernization.
On 26 March 2016, this Act was notified in the Gazette of India.
The President must nominate both civilian and Armed Services personnel into the Council membership.
The Ministry of Culture is the Indian government ministry charged with preservation and promotion of art and culture.
The original intent was to find a way to distribute tax revenue to individual counties in New York State.
The current Highway Safety Representative is Michael C. Thompson and the current Highway Safety Director is Toby Taylor.
Its main objective is to serve as a cultural, education, economic and informational exchanges organization between Taiwan and the overseas communities.
The chief of the SB has the rank of Additional Inspector General who comes from Bangladesh Police, and directly reports to the Prime Minister of Bangladesh.
The Colorado Department of Personnel and Administration is the principal department of the Colorado state government responsible for statewide human resources and other support functions.
Diverse biodiversity-related information and data are currently generated, stored and updated by different organisations and individuals.
The Department of Supply and Shipping was an Australian government department that existed between October 1942 and April 1948.
Formerly, the Ministry directly controlled the Ukrainian national law enforcement agency, termed the militsiya.
It was formerly known as the Gauteng Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Environment.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is a ministry of the Government of Haiti.
NHS Scotland, sometimes styled NHSScotland is the publicly funded healthcare system in Scotland.
Cabinet Office is headed by the Secretary of the Cabinet, currently Steve Orsini, who is also head of the public service.
The Ministry of Community Development, Gender and Children is a government ministry of Tanzania.
Due to the increasing restrictions upon the public use of the Estonian language in Estonia, the extinction of the Estonian language had become a real possibility.
This organization is the second oldest national agency of such a type.
provide guidance on workplace health and safety
It is located in Hancock County, Mississippi, on the banks of the Pearl River at the Mississippi–Louisiana border.
Greater Mohali Area Development Authority, shortly known as GMADA, is state development authority of Punjab State, India.
The Assistant Minister to the Deputy Prime Minister is the Hon Luke Hartsuyker MP.
He had attended a meeting on youth crime prevention and stated he would work to lower youth crime rates in the country.
Its policy-making body is the Board of Directors, composed of seven members including the Postmaster General who serves simultaneously as the Chief executive officer.
A 15-member board appoints CSLB's executive officer, or registrar of contractors, and directs administrative policy for the agency's operations.
Harold Wilson, Director of Economics and Statistics and later Prime Minister.
To create conditions for the development of construction business and the provision of residents with housing;
The division into Departments reflects the scope of the matters it audits, and thus NIK includes the following Departments:
Its headquarters are located in the U.S. state of California's capital city, Sacramento.
Generate collaboration platforms to raise awareness and agenda setting
It employs about 250 staff and its headquarters are in Wellington, New Zealand.
The Ministry of Environment of the Republic of Lithuania oversees the environment and natural resources in Lithuania.
The institute offers a range of courses primarily for MFA employees.
It, additionally, encourages and facilitates private and foreign government restoration and preservation projects.
The headquarters of office is located on Istiglaliyyat Street of the capital city, Baku.
It was established in 1984 with initial mandate of designing and developing digital exchanges.
Administering and managing the movement of people at authorised entry and exit points.
The FSIS also acts as a national health department and is responsible for the safety of public food-related establishments as well as business investigation.
The cultural and natural heritage of New Jersey is reflected in the diversity of its public parks, forests, and historic sites.
Most often, however, the term applies to the publicly-owned marine terminals located within Philadelphia city limits along the Philadelphia side of the Delaware River.
Willamalane offers hundreds of recreation programs to more than 60,000 patrons.
NDSC was formed on 31 March 2011.
At the time, the DRA was Britain's largest science and technology organisation.
Along with the state itself, it was dissolved on 23 October 1989.
The Department of the Environment and Heritage was an Australian government department that existed between October 1998 and December 2007.
OHFA is a public trust with the State of Oklahoma as the beneficiary.
The ‘bundled’ services are inclusive of hardware, software, maintenance and support.
The Office is headed by a Director of Homeland Security who is appointed by the Governor of Oklahoma.
Generally, ASIO operations requiring police powers are co-ordinated with the Australian Federal Police and/or with state and territory police forces.
Derbyshire County Council has been collecting records since 1889, but it was not until 1962 the Derbyshire Record Office was opened.
In March 2010, the organization was renamed to 'Iranian National Center for Oceanography'.
Through IRRC’s efforts, the entire process of a regulation’s evolution is made transparent and accessible to all parties.
The following are Government of Tamil Nadu Departments
The Department of Employment and Workplace Relations was an Australian government department that existed between November 2001 and December 2007.
It was created on 1 April 2010, taking on the health services and public health functions of the former Department of Health and Social Security.
DCA's stated mission is to serve the interests of California's consumers by ensuring a standard of professionalism in key industries and promoting informed consumer practices.
Some of the companies that failed under OTS supervision during the financial crisis of 2007–2010 include American International Group, Washington Mutual, and IndyMac.
Assess and test other Government agencies’ advice and proposals that have economic and financial implications.
By tradition, each subsequent monarch agreed to this arrangement upon his or her accession.
The center also contains the Huntsville Operations Support Center, a facility that supports ISS launch, payload and experiment activities at the Kennedy Space Center.
Civil servants, the regular military, law enforcement agencies, and the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, Iran’s second major military organization, have their own pension systems.
The American Egg Board is a United States checkoff marketing organization, which focuses on marketing and promotion of eggs for human consumption.
The present day department goes by the name, the "Ministry of Education, Culture and Sport".
main customs offices:Berlin, Frankfurt an der Oder, Potsdam, Dresden, Hanover, Magdeburg, Braunschweig, Bielefeld and Osnabrück.
The Revenue Commissioners, usually referred to simply as Revenue, is the Irish Government agency responsible for customs, excise, taxation and related matters.
Tourist resorts and facilities between about 1922 and 1958
It forms a part of the UK's intelligence machinery alongside GCHQ, MI5 and Defence Intelligence.
The Kerala State Pollution Control Board is a body of the Department of Health and Family Welfare, Government of the State of Kerala, India.
These were: Street Department, Sanitation Department, Building Maintenance, and Fleet Services.
ASI's main headquarters are located in Rome, Italy, and the agency also has direct control over three operational centres.
Tanzania Government Flight Agency is one of the executive agencies of Tanzania.
The Office of the Industrial Tribunals and Fair Employment Tribunal is a Government body in Northern Ireland which is responsible for the facilitation of employment tribunals.
The objective of this department is to manage and distribute state and federal funds used to oversee alcohol and drug prevention, intervention and treatment services.
LaRC has focused primarily on aeronautical research, but the Apollo lunar lander was flight-tested at the facility.
The executive head of the department is the Director-General of Trade and Industry; as of 21 April 2011 this is Lionel October.
The ministry is headed by the Minister of Justice, Suwaphan Tanyuvardhana.
DER focuses on environmental regulation, approvals and appeals processes, and pollution prevention.
The agency also maintains boating infrastructure including harbours and channels.
The Foreign Intelligence Service of the Russian Federation or SVR RF is Russia's external intelligence agency, mainly for civilian affairs.
The King Abdullah II Design and Development Bureau is a Jordanian defence company.
The Oregon State Board of Education sets standards and policies for public schools, from kindergarten through grade twelve, in the U.S. state of Oregon.
The major office of the Ministry of Defence is located within the ancient Hanoi Citadel.
The office works with the Office of Intergovernmental Affairs and the Center for Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships to form the Secretary's Outreach Team.
San Diego County's MPO is the San Diego Association of Governments, which is an unrelated agency.
ABC has the exclusive power, in accordance with laws enacted, to license and regulate the manufacture, importation and sale of alcoholic beverages in California.
The agency’s investigators visited construction sites across Australia to ensure all building industry participants are complying with federal law.
It has its headquarters in Norrköping, Sweden.
Temasek Polytechnic has approximately 15,000 full-time students and more than 1,200 academic and administrative staff.
Within the civil service community the service is colloquially known as Box 500.
ECGD derives its powers from the Export and Investment Guarantees Act 1991 and undertakes its activities in accordance with a specific consent from HM Treasury.
Together they adopted a collaborative approach to promoting the emirate as an up-market destination with a focus on sustaining and preserving its natural environment and heritage.
With online access to millions of commercial products and services, GSA Advantage!
Tulsa is in charge of weather forecasts, warnings and local statements as well as aviation weather and NOAA Weather Radio broadcasts in its service area.
Currently, there are over 2.4 million practitioners licensed by the DCA.
Information on CSA is available at www.csa.gov.sg.
He is a member of the Al Khalifa royal family and a cousin of King Hamad.
Statistics Estonia is the Estonian government agency responsible for producing official statistics regarding Estonia.
Geospatial Information Agency is the National Mapping Agency of Indonesia.
It is responsible for food hygiene and environmental hygiene.
Currently, the DAITC meets in conjunction with the Military Education Coordination Council's Distance Learning Coordination Council and the MECC's Library working group.
The department is responsible for providing management oversight and administrative support to the Florida National Guard.
Its regulations are compiled in title 24 of the New York City Rules.
The National Cybersecurity Center of Excellence is a US government organization that builds and publicly shares solutions to cybersecurity problems faced by U.S. businesses.
Twice yearly the Honours Committee submits formal recommendations for the British monarch's New Years and Birthday Honours.
The Ministry of Child, Youth and Family Services is a provincial government department in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Of the 1,300 schools of nursing in the country, 1,125 participated in the program.
Its counterpart body in the EU is the Taipei Representative Office in the EU and Belgium.
Clapper was confirmed by the Senate on August 5, 2010, and replaced acting Director David C. Gompert.
The Authority was the responsibility of the Department of Premier and Cabinet.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs in the Government of Slovenia is the chief foreign policy and foreign relations ministry in Slovenia, located in the capital Ljubljana.
The Berlin Chancellery is one of the largest government headquarters buildings in the world.
The Iraq National Library and Archive, is the national library and national archives of Iraq.
It was created by the Yongle Emperor.
The headquarters are located at 7th Floor, State Secretariat building, Port Harcourt.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs conducts Brazil's foreign relations with other countries.
Since 2008, YRRP has served more than 1.4 million Service members and their families.
The Ministry describes itself as a dynamic Ministry with expertise, focusing on leading the development of Turkey in a holistic manner by strategy making and co-ordinating.
Brayton is the largest firefighting training facility in the United States that also contains a mock city for conducting training operations for emergency responders.
Prior to 2004, it was known as the European Agency for the Evaluation of Medicinal Products.
Additional Director oversees the functions of Web and Media Relations, Advertisement and Marketing, Field Publicity and Cultural Affairs, Publications and Advertisement.
It also is the department with the largest number of buildings.
Also, the AASB contributes to the development of global financial reporting standards and facilitates the participation of the Australian community in global standard setting.
Researchers must obtain a permit from CAPMAS prior to doing research in the country, but CAPMAS regularly denies these requests.
Adolphe Onusumba Yemba, 3 January 2005-February 2007
Secretary Cohan replaces Shailen Bhatt who stepped down to become the Executive Director for the Colorado Department of Transportation.
The Department also has a law enforcement division, the New York State Office of Tax Enforcement.
The State Agency is headed by Akim Badalov.
The department is headed by Commissioner Charles Richman, who replaced Richard E. Constable III in 2015.
The position is held since 14 July 2016 by Priti Patel.
Pennsylvania Office of General Counsel is a cabinet-level agency in Pennsylvania providing legal services to all agencies, boards, and commissions of the Government of Pennsylvania.
The ministry's headquarters was opened in 1938 and reflects pure European architectural style.
Singapore's clean and drinkable tap water fits the drinking water standards set by the World Health Organisation and is widely available everywhere across the island.
The District has had more success than the states' health insurance exchanges in signing up young people.
Mr. Shaukat Ali Yousafzai was appointed as Minister of Industries by Chief Minister of KP Pervez Khattak on April 01, 2014.
Aviation weather forecasts are produced separately by the two offices of the Canadian Meteorological Aviation Centre.
promotion of shows, in all their forms
The Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency is a government agency of the Swedish Ministry for Foreign Affairs.
The SVR RF is the successor of the First Chief Directorate of the KGB since December 1991.
The Council is formed by the President, who appoints members based on constitutional requirements.
The department's vision is a strong NSW economy building resilient communities.
Former Secretaries of Agriculture have included Sam Brownback, Foster Dwight Coburn, Alfred Gray, Adrian Polansky, and Joshua Svaty.
The social security scheme is contributory, with 2.5% of contributions coming from the employer, 1.5% by the employee, and a capital investment by the government.
Its main aim was to clean up endemic corruption in the many departments of the Hong Kong Government through law enforcement, prevention and community education.
Since 2008, the name Likestillingssenteret has been used by an unrelated, private organisation.
Their vision is "a democratic society where communities and individuals thrive with broad public access to knowledge, cultural heritage, and lifelong learning."
Its equivalent agencies are Disclosure Scotland in Scotland and Access Northern Ireland in Northern Ireland.
The SNCA does not hold any powers over these courts.
The Taxation and Revenue Department collects taxes within the state and also distributes revenue to support schools and state and local government operations.
The KBP provides broadcast media regulations and guidelines for news, public affairs and commentaries, political broadcasts, children’s shows, religious programming, and including advertising to its members.
NYC Health + Hospitals, officially the New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation, operates the public hospitals and clinics in New York City.
SE, Washington, D.C., with over 30 regional, sub-regional, and residential offices throughout the U.S.
The BCDA Charter was as amended by RA 7917 in 1995, and further amended by RA 9400 in 2007.
The Department of Conservation is the public service department of New Zealand charged with the conservation of New Zealand's natural and historical heritage.
The Department of Services and Property was an Australian government department that existed between December 1972 and October 1975.
The current Commissioner is Marguerite Salazar by Governor John Hickenlooper.
The GID is part of the Egyptian intelligence community, together with the Office of Military Intelligence Services and Reconnaissance and Homeland Security.
The Laboratory and Environmental Assessment Division operates an environmental laboratory in Hillsboro.
The Department of Local Government and Administrative Services was an Australian government department that existed between December 1984 and July 1987.
The agency also has 223 field offices and 13 laboratories located throughout the 50 states, the United States Virgin Islands, and Puerto Rico.
At the time of its dissolution, there were eight NDOR district offices located across the state.
By deciding on their director and chairs, ACER took a step forward towards becoming fully operational.
On 17 June 2003 the Asian Development Bank agreed to give a loan of $50 million to the Afghan Ministry of Energy and Water.
Coverage under the schemes is given to all permanent residents of Finland.
The Washington State Department of Natural Resources manages over 3,000,000 acres of forest, range, agricultural, and commercial lands in the U.S. state of Washington.
The Federal Institute for Geosciences and Natural Resources is a German agency within the Federal Ministry of Economics and Technology.
VDOT's revised annual budget for Fiscal Year 2017 is $5.35 billion.
Created in 1963 by the Pennsylvania General Assembly.
Under the Communications Regulation Act, 2002 the Minister for Communications, Marine, and Natural Resources appoints the chairperson and up to two other commissioners of ComReg.
Summer day camps and no-school day care
Governor William T. Cahill appointed Richard J. Sullivan as the first commissioner.
The executive agency promotes industrial and economic policies which allows economic activity and growth, increased employment and investments in sector which are critical to Taiwan's economy.
Fahd bin Abdullah was appointed to this post in November 2011.
The Congressional Budget Office provides Congress with budget-related information, reports on fiscal, budgetary, and programmatic issues, and analyses of budget policy options, costs, and effects.
It also advises the Board on generic safety issues.
Its mission is to supply effectively and efficiently regular services to maintain the health and well-being of people in Hong Kong.
A number of education functions of the former DfES were taken over by the Department for Children, Schools and Families.
Military Intelligence is a constituent part of Defence Forces Headquarters and is the intelligence section of all Defence Forces branches.
The New Jersey Lottery is headquartered in the One Lawrence Park Complex in Lawrence Township, Mercer County.
It was established by legislation to collect revenue and ensure compliance with tax law.
Dr Mary Quin became the first CEO of Callaghan Innovation in May 2013.. She stepped down from the post in July 2017.
The Office is headed by the Chief of Staff to the Vice President of the United States, currently Josh Pitcock.
The current Assistant Secretary of Labor for Employee Benefits and head of the Employee Benefits Security Administration is the Hon.
The Department of Communications, Information Technology and the Arts was an Australian government department that existed between October 1998 and December 2007.
The Department of Innovation, Industry, Science and Research was a department of the Australian Government that existed between December 2007 and December 2011.
Its chairman as of 2011 was Arben Ristani, while his predecessor was Çlirim Gjata.
The minister responsible for the agency is Michael Keenan, Minister for Justice.
The current secretary is Preston Doerflinger, who was appointed by Governor Mary Fallin on January 19, 2011.
On August 23, 1944 a separate division, GNR Division Etna, was formed in Brescia under the command of General Violente, to perform anti-paratrooper and anti-aircraft duties.
The scheme provides financial compensation and support to citizens, residents, and temporary visitors who have suffered personal injuries.
It is concerned with regulating some economic policy, especially with regard to the industrial and energy sectors.
It is referred in this last way in the article 293rd of Portuguese Constitution, which states the criminalization and judgment of its former officers.
Currently there are an estimated 45,000 landlines and about 10,400,000 cellphone subscribers.
In 1979 a document called the Strategic Work Plan, by Khalil al-Azzawi, who was head of operations for the Estikhbarat, was leaked.
The Federal Ministry for Food and Agriculture, abbreviated BMEL, is a cabinet-level ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany.
Formed in 2007, it is controlled by the state government under the Department of Health through the SA Ambulance Service and provides emergency medical retrieval services.
The Department of Tourism was an Australian government department that existed between December 1991 and March 1996.
The European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control is an independent agency of the European Union whose mission is to strengthen Europe's defences against infectious diseases.
The AO implements and executes Judicial Conference policies, as well as applicable federal statutes and regulations.
The Financial Crimes Investigation Division is the law enforcement agency of the Sri Lankan government.
It is responsible for agricultural affairs, environmental protection and nature conservation within Gauteng.
It reports to the Home Affairs Bureau, headed by the Secretary for Home Affairs.
This was for the centralization of power towards the then-emperor, Gojong of the Korean Empire.
The current Commissioner is Okey C. Amadi.
It oversees universities and other post-secondary education in South Africa.
The current Minister for Home Affairs is Bill Malarkey MHK.
The 610 Office is a security agency in the People's Republic of China.
NARA was established in 2000, and was headquartered in the City of Karachi.
It covers the academic free zones in Dubai, such as Dubai International Academic City and Dubai Knowledge Village.
SA Lotteries operates under Tatts Group's master brand the Lott.
The institution became operational in January 2011 upon the recess appointment of outgoing Treasury Secretary Juan Carlos Puig as Puerto Rico's first Inspector General.
CSIRO works with leading organisations around the world, and CSIRO Publishing issues journals with the latest research by leading scientists on a broad range of subjects.
The Department of Business and Consumer Affairs was an Australian government department that existed between December 1975 and May 1982.
The National Commission of Propaganda, Agitation and Communication is a Venezuelan propaganda organization belonging to PSUV, the ruling party of the Government of Venezuela.
WMATA provides rapid transit service under the Metrorail name, fixed-route bus service under the Metrobus brand, and paratransit service under the MetroAccess brand.
The term of authority of the Prosecutor is six years.
The Government Operations Agency is the California government agency responsible for administering state operations including procurement, real estate, information technology, and human resources.
The ministry was established on February 1, 2009 in accordance with The Law of Georgia on Structure, Proxy and Activity Rule of the Government of Georgia.
It was the second established irrigation district in California, using the resources of the Tuolumne River.
The Department of Transport was an Australian government department that existed between April 1930 and April 1932.
In 1974, the highway commission was folded into a larger transportation department with other modes of transportation.
Changing the first- and second-grade textbook titles from Guowen to Guoyu, on January 24, 1920
It was one of seven inaugural government departments of Australia established at federation.
It was established in the year 1965 as Agricultural Prices Commission and renamed to Commission for Agricultural Costs and Prices in the year 1985.
The agency is led by its Administrator, who is appointed by the President and approved by Congress.
It was the second so-named Australian Government department.
The Regional Somali Language Academy is an intergovernmental regulating body for the Somali language in the Horn region.
It is a federal research institute and a higher federal authority divided into 15 specialized institutes.
Careers New Zealand is a New Zealand Crown agent which offers advice and support to help New Zealanders make decisions about their career.
providing support to the government regular emergency forces on counter disaster activities, mountain search and rescue, flood rescue, countryside fire protection duties;
Similar agencies were constituted in each of the republics of the Soviet Union aside from Russia and consisted of many ministries, state committees, and state commissions.
The Ministry was created by the Coalition Provisional Authority when the Iraqi Governning Council was formed after the invasion of Iraq.
Anne Héritier Lachat was Chairwoman of the Board of Directors from 2011 until 1 January 2016 when Thomas Bauer, former Ernst & Young partner became Chairman.
Operational since 1968, it is particularly suitable as a location for a spaceport as it fulfills the two major geographical requirements of such a site:
To collect and disseminate information relating to pollution and the prevention, control or abatement thereof,
Like its predecessor the FSA, the FCA is structured as a company limited by guarantee.
The Ministry of Planning and Investment, formerly the State Planning Commission, is a governmental ministry charged with the role of state management over planning and investment.
Its operations are authorized by the Constitution of the Republic of Lithuania, decrees issued by the president and prime minister, and laws passed by the Seimas.
The Wisconsin Department of Transportation is a governmental agency of the U.S. state of Wisconsin responsible for planning, building and maintaining the state's highways.
It is responsible for the national education curriculum, primarily instituted by Ghana Education Services, which is part of the Ministry.
CTIIC was formally announced by Lisa Monaco February 10, 2015 at the Wilson Center.
In 2004 the Commission was abolished, with the Department of Housing taking over its role under the Housing Act 2003.
The Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement is a branch of the United States Department of the Interior.
In May 12, 2016, Sarney Filho was appointed by Michel Temer as Minister of Environment.
The CMA is a government organization applying full financial, legal, and administrative independence, and has direct links with the Prime Minister.
This involves developing innovative, internationally competitive bio-based products, as well as processes and technologies for their production.
The California Film Commission was founded in 1985 by then California Governor George Deukmejian to act in an economic development capacity for the state.
The Principal Deputy Director serves directly under the Director as do the Deputy Directors.
The list of organizations housed in the complex adjoining The Hague Central Station are:
The Inaugural Commissioner of the Department of Public Safety was Colonel Brendan Doherty.
Fujimori later pleaded guilty to charges stemming from the scandal.
Until 9 May 2016, the Department was previously called the Department of Health, Social Services and Public Safety.
The Central Office of Information was the UK government's marketing and communications agency.
The Health Sciences Authority; Malay: Penguasa Sains Kesihatan) is a statutory board under the Ministry of Health of the Singapore Government.
The Central Pollution Control Board of India is a statutory organisation under the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change.
The Department is led by the Minister for Health who is assisted by four Ministers of State.
The Department of Environment, Water and Natural Resources is a department of the Government of South Australia.
The Nuclear Decommissioning Authority is a non-departmental public body of the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy, formed by the Energy Act 2004.
In 2006, the sport portfolio was reassigned to the new Dipartimento per le Politiche Giovanili e le Attività Sportive.
It is headquartered in Bonn with a branch office in Berlin.
Earlier, Davis had also been Oregon's Public Utility Commissioner under Gov.
Shannon Development was an important regional development body for the Shannon Region of Ireland.
FERA was established as a result of the Federal Emergency Relief Act and was replaced in 1935 by the Works Progress Administration.
It holds archives and local studies material for the County of Derbyshire and the City of Derby and Diocese of Derby.
The Croatian Bureau of Statistics is the Croatian national statistics bureau.
The Oregon Department of Human Services is the principal human services agency of the government of the U.S. state of Oregon.
JMA is also designated one of the Regional Specialized Meteorological Centers of the World Meteorological Organization.
Ministry of Environment of the Republic of Poland was formed in 1973 to administer issues related to environment protection of Poland.
Headquartered in Islamabad, the NCMC is responsible for electronic monitoring and aerial surveillance to enforce the law, order and security situation throughout the country.
The GPU/OGPU achieved perhaps its most spectacular success with the Trust Operation of 1924–1925.
The SST-1 mission has been chaired by eminent Indian plasma physicists like Prof. Y.C.
It has offices in Tokyo, in Taipei and in Kaohsiung.
The ministry was formed in 2001 from the sub-cabinet level Environmental Agency established in 1971.
Prior to that volunteer drivers from the Transport Section of the Department of the Interior drove the ambulance, a Model "T" Ford.
It is part of the New Zealand Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment.
The National Assessment and Accreditation Council is an organisation that assesses and accredits higher education Institutions in India.
Established as the State Department of Agriculture in 1931 by an act of the Oregon Legislative Assembly which consolidated a patchwork of state programs and bureaus.
Ministry of Communication and Technology is ministry of Ghana responsible for the development of communication and technology in the country .
As of present, Justice Sardar Muhammad Raza is the current Chief Election Commissioner.
CDOT's Mission is "To provide the best multi-modal transportation system for Colorado that most effectively moves people, goods, and information."
The Galician Healthcare Service is the publicly funded healthcare system of Galicia, Spain.
The society's headquarters are located in Madison, Wisconsin, on the campus of the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
The Ministry of Petroleum and Mining is a ministry of the Government of South Sudan.
This mandate includes political, economic, and social/cultural relations.
Its operations are authorized by the Constitution of the Republic of Lithuania, decrees issued by the President and Prime Minister, and laws passed by the Seimas.
The Ministry was founded by the government of Germán Busch during his first brief appearance as president.
The exploits of the Uskoks contributed to a renewal of war between Venice and the Ottoman Empire.
It was created on January 25, 1983 by presidential decree of Miguel de la Madrid.
The second most senior judge is the Lord Justice Clerk, and the other judges are called of the College of Justice are called Senators.
The current Chancellor of the Higher Education System is Dr. Glen D. Johnson, Jr..
The prison is staff are under the administration of the Secretariat for Security.
In April 2012 it was merged into the newly formed Ministry for Primary Industries.
It specialises in preventing security threats and participates in protecting the parliamentary democracy as well as protecting the nation's security interests.
PHLPost is based in the Philippines' primary post office, the Manila Central Post Office, which overlooks the Pasig River.
During World War II compulsory service also included young women and the RAD developed to an auxiliary formation which provided support for the Wehrmacht armed forces.
The Department of Transport and Construction was an Australian government department that existed between May 1982 and March 1983.
The Department of Home Affairs was an Australian government department that existed between 1901 and 1916.
The Ministry of Transport of the Czech Republic is a government ministry, which was established in 1969.
The Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources is an agency of the state of Wisconsin.
The Office frequently instructs barristers with regard to civil matters.
The Department of Industries of state of Tamil Nadu is one of the Department of Government of Tamil Nadu
There are times when citizens, State agencies and our governmental leaders must have a collective conscience to remedy our social failings.
The Ministry of Railways is the ministry responsible for the Railways and Train services in Bangladesh.
Revenue NSW is an administrative division of the Government of New South Wales that has responsibility for collecting New South Wales taxes.
The following are also parts of the Ministry, but operate with a degree of autonomy:
ANA provides community-based project funding to improve the lives of native children and families thereby reducing long-term dependency on public assistance.
Russian Foundation for Advanced Research Projects is an advanced military research agency.
It issued a list of security guidelines to all critical departments.
The HSE is sponsored by the Department for Work and Pensions.
This law is the law that has brought Hong Kong the success of being known as the world’s international financial centre.
Sentro Rizal is a Philippine government-sponsored organization whose main objective is the global promotion of Filipino art, culture and language.
The Delaware Department of Transportation is an agency of the U.S. state of Delaware.
The Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs works under the overall direction of Cabinet Committee on Parliamentary Affairs.
The MAH received financial support from the CIA.
After the agency was closed responsibility for some programs and project was transferred.
The Oklahoma Turnpike Authority is a government agency of Oklahoma that deals with issues regarding the Oklahoma turnpike system.
The department is a section of the Ministry of Home Affairs.
The Department of Environment and Conservation was an Australian government department that existed between December 1972 and April 1975.
Finally, it is responsible for issuing passports and travel documents to Lebanese citizens.
It supports research activities in a wide variety of disciplines, ranging from mathematical and physical sciences, to life sciences, and to humanities and social sciences.
The Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance is the ministry of Culture of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
MCS was established under the Act of June 9, 2006 and is subordinate to the Ministry of National Defence.
Several portfolios, such as Youth Development and Sports would be shifted to another new Ministry — the Ministry of Culture, Community and Youth.
Its Main Directorate for Reconnaissance was responsible for both espionage and for conducting covert operations in foreign countries.
The Aeronautical Development Agency of India's Ministry of Defence was established at Bangalore, in 1984 to oversee the development of the nation's Light Combat Aircraft programme.
The current Minister of Transport is Maurício Quintella Lessa.
It is divided into an Internal Security Department and an External Security Department.
1/1998, "the state body specialized in foreign intelligence concerning the national security and the safeguarding of Romania and its interests".
The Authority is governed by a three-member Board.
The DA's office prosecutes felony and misdemeanor crimes that occur within the county.
The museum opened to the public in 2008.
It also adjudicates in disciplinary proceedings against judges and state prosecutors.
After breaking away from the Republic of Georgia in the early 1990s with Russian help, the self-proclaimed Republic of South Ossetia established its own KGB.
The RRB's headquarters are in Chicago, Illinois, with field offices throughout the country.
Trade Investigations: comprises investigators who ensure industry compliance with the laws and regulations administered by the TTB.
DST has an annual budget of approximately $440 million and employs over 2500 staff, predominantly scientists, engineers, IT specialists and technicians.
Features of interest include an old gunpowder factory, the Victoria lilies in the Lago Frei Leandro pond, the Japanese Garden, and many sculptures and fountains.
The NIPRCC hosts representatives from multiple government agencies that run in the center’s activities.
The ministry is headed by Mehmet Müezzinoğlu.
The Oklahoma State Pension Commission is an Oklahoma state agency responsible for analyzing the performance of the State's public pension systems.
The Wittgenstein Centre is governed by founding director Wolfgang Lutz, Jesús Crespo Cuaresma, Alexia Fürnkranz-Prskawetz and Sergei Scherbov.
The Great Lakes Water Authority is a regional water authority in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Ministry of Transport, Government of Haryana was established.
In other words, evaluation means to give something a value based on approved standards.
The Chief Executive was Archie Hughes, formerly from DARA.
It is a non-governmental organization that regulates member brokerage firms and exchange markets.
It was dissolved on 1 April 2014.
The Special Review is due to be completed by 30 June 2016.
The committee's work also assists the CDC and the Departments of Commerce and Defense.
It is headed by the Minister of Defence and Internal Order.
Sources do not always make clear if they refer to the whole of the NHS or only to England.
It was established in 1973 under Chhattisgarh Nagar Tatha Gram Nivesh Adhiniyam, 1973.
Known as the Ministry of Commerce until 2000, it was replaced with the Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment on 1 July 2012.
Fiona Nash, and the Minister for Territories, Local Government and Major Projects, currently the Hon.
Governor Rick Scott named Chad Poppell as the agency's secretary, effective December 16, 2014.
EPA aspires to create a healthy environment that supports a liveable and prosperous Victoria.
It also provides information on transport services and industry and salary details and electricity rates.
The Gauteng Department of Agriculture and Rural Development is a department of the Gauteng provincial government in South Africa.
The majority of its staff work in the Engineering Group located within the King Hussein Main Workshops.
The inquiry was the first comprehensive review of the EPA since it commenced operations in 1971.
TransAdelaide operated local bus services in Adelaide until 22 April 2000.
The program was open to all women between the ages of 17 and 35, in good health, who had graduated from an accredited high school.
The Executive was established by the Health Act, 2004 and came into official operation on 1 January 2005.
DANE is responsible for conducting the National Population and Housing census every ten years, among several other studies.
As of 2012, the Minister of Public Security is Guo Shengkun.
The Secretary is appointed by the Governor, with the consent of the Oklahoma Senate, to serve at the pleasure of the Governor.
Ministry of Labour and Employment is ministry of Nepal that governs the development polices of labour and employment in the country.
The Government of National Accord has 17 ministers and is led by Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj.
The Treasury prints and mints all paper currency and coins in circulation through the Bureau of Engraving and Printing and the United States Mint.
As of July 2016, Minister of Youth Affairs and Sports is the Minister of State Vijay Goel.
He is also the vice-president of the Mint Directors Conference.
It also offers media organizations opportunities to report on government activities.
The agency's role encompasses the collection and analysis of military-related foreign political, economic, industrial, geographic, and medical and health intelligence.
The Department of Health, Housing, Local Government and Community Services was an Australian government department that existed between March and December 1993.
Tbaytel's CDMA network shut down on October 1, 2014.
The Wage and Hour Division of the United States Department of Labor is the federal office responsible for enforcing federal labor laws.
They work in conjunction with the Defence Forces Directorate of Military Intelligence – Ireland's national intelligence service – on internal matters.
It resulted from the merger of two former agencies, the Portuguese International Police and the Political and Social Defense Police.
They work with and support the Fish and Game Department on projects and events which otherwise could not be funded.
Special Telecommunication Service is the Romanian institution that coordinates the activities in the field of special communications.
Currently, the Minister of Trade is Enggartiasto Lukita.
On 31 October 1959 plans were announced to create the Civil Aeromedical Research Institute which was established in 1961.
Financial Services Authority of Indonesia is an Indonesian government agency which regulates and supervises the financial services sector.
Originally called the Office of State Finance, the agency was renamed to its current name in 2012.
The authority receives water from the Quabbin and Wachusett Reservoirs and the Ware River in central and western Massachusetts.
The offices were shifted during December 1992 to March 1993. .
The Ministry of Public Health, is a Thai governmental body responsible for the oversight of public health in Thailand.
The Hong Kong Trade Development Council is a statutory body established in 1966 as the international marketing arm for Hong Kong-based manufacturers, traders and service providers.
The Ministry of Transport is the national executive ministry of the Government of Colombia responsible for regulating transportation in Colombia.
It organises one-week business missions to Japan, Korea, Singapore, Malaysia, Vietnam, Thailand, Indonesia, Philippines and China, encouraging the establishment of long-lasting business collaborations with local companies.
The ministry is headquartered in the Paseo del Prado in Madrid, opposite the Prado Museum.
There are currently four active coin-producing mints: Philadelphia, Denver, San Francisco, and West Point.
Deputy CEO Ragnar Haflidason succeeded Jónas Fr Jónsson in October 2008 and Gunnar T Andersen took over as CEO in April 2009.
These companies come from many industry sectors, including financial services, bio-pharmaceuticals, MedTech, engineering, and technology.
Department of Economic and Statistical Ananlysis, Haryana is a Ministry and department of the Government of Haryana in India.
It is responsible for overseeing and supporting South Africa's agricultural sector, as well as ensuring access to sufficient, safe and nutritious food by the country's population.
The Post Office Department was the predecessor of the United States Postal Service, in the form of a Cabinet department officially from 1872 to 1971.
The Ghana Space Science and Technology Centre was opened officially on 2 May 2012 as Ghana’s first space science, space exploration, astronomy and technology space agency.
The department oversees solid waste and recyclables collection, street cleaning, parking enforcement, and governmental vehicle procurement, maintenance, and fueling.
The DDIS gathers, analyses, and disseminates information concerning conditions of importance to Denmark’s security, and to the security of Danish military units deployed on international missions.
The Ministry of Public Education was the government body of the Italian Republic devoted to the administration of the national education system in three separate periods.
The Mobility Authority is headquartered in Downtown San Antonio.
As of February 2015, it is based in Djibouti City.
The Ministry of Interior Affairs is headquartered in Kabul, Afghanistan, and is responsible for law enforcement in Afghanistan.
The Oregon Public Utility Commission is the chief electric, gas and telephone utility regulatory agency of the government of the U.S. state of Oregon.
The ministry is headed by Fizuli Alakbarov.
The NSA currently conducts worldwide mass data collection and has been known to physically bug electronic systems as one method to this end.
Create and maintain secure sharable National Databases on crimes and criminals for law enforcement agencies and promote their use for public service delivery.
The Council has counterparts in the national security councils of many other nations.
Inspectors use a four-point scale to express their judgements.
The commission's website lists the latest accounts submitted by charities in England and Wales.
Bangladesh Planning Commission is a financial and public policy development institution of the Government of Bangladesh.
It is the agency in charge of regulating civil aviation, the aviation industry, and of managing the Colombian airspace.
The Director is Grant Levi, and the central office is located on the North Dakota State Capitol grounds in Bismarck.
Russian Bureau of Philately) was a special organisation under the People's Commissariat for Posts and Telegraphs of the RSFSR in 1921–1924.
The Georgia Department of Education is an American agency that governs public education in the state of Georgia.
From March 2012, the Acting Secretary for Business, Transportation and Housing was Brian P. Kelly.
The polytechnic also offers diplomas, post-diplomas, earn & learn programmes, short courses and silver programmes for adult learners through the CET Academy.
The Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers serves as an interagency law enforcement training body for 91 United States government federal law enforcement agencies.
As of 2016, it is headed by Federal Chancellor Walter Thurnherr of the Christian Democratic People's Party of Switzerland.
NHS SDU staff are based in Cambridge.
The following are Government of Tamil Nadu Departments
The government realized that the mining industry had the potential to spur the countries economic growth .
The Commission, in turn, appoints an Executive Director and administrative law judges to hear disputes.
The remaining workers receive coverage through a self-insurance program for large, financially stable employers who retain the financial risk for their companies’ workers’ compensation claims.
The department attracts new businesses, encourages the expansion and retention of existing facilities, provides financial assistance and training, and promotes biotechnology.
Prior to his appointment, he had been serving as a deputy minister since March 2011.
Several other missions, such as auditing of grants for schools and reviews of test results, is also conducted by the agency.
Thuli Madonsela's budget and strategic presentation, the advocate was requested to present progress reports before parliament on a quarterly basis.
NDDOT also is responsible for the issuance of state driver's licenses.
By law, the State Superintendent has general supervision of the K-12 public schools and districts.
It has been announced that Wikipedia will get user rights over a large number of photos from these archives.
The Legislature created DIS in 1987 from the consolidation of the state's four independent data processing and communications systems.
The department is also responsible for international environmental issues.
The Bureau of Police Research and Development is responsible for research and development of the police force in India.
Courts within their jurisdiction include the San Diego Superior Court, the California Court of Appeal for the Fourth District, and the California Supreme Court.
Emergency Management BC used to be known as the Provincial Emergency Program and is a division of the Ministry of Transportation and Infrastructure British Columbia, Canada.
The Department is headed by the Corporation Counsel.
It was created by an act of the California Legislature in 1928, primarily to build and operate the Colorado River Aqueduct.
The China MSA was the only maritime administrative agency that was not merged into the new China Coast Guard[4] in June 2013.
Commissioners are elected to six-year terms in staggered elections, with special elections should vacancies arise.
Its operations are authorized by the Constitution of the Republic of Lithuania, decrees issued by the President and Prime Minister, and laws passed by the Seimas.
Citizenship and Immigration Services, and immigration violation arrests by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
The U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York has jurisdiction over all cases prosecuted by the U.S. Attorney.
Through staff and stakeholder commitment and creativity, we will provide:
FedLoan Servicing is one of a limited number of organizations approved by the Department to service these loans.
Its regulations are compiled in title 67 of the New York City Rules.
The Romanian Intelligence Service is Romania's main domestic intelligence service.
The chief administrator of NARA is the Archivist of the United States.
The minister with overall responsibility for the department is the Minister for Infrastructure.
The KBP was organized on April 27, 1973 in order to promote professional and ethical standards in Philippine broadcasting both in radio and television.
The Tennessee Emergency Management Agency, and the Tennessee State Guard are the other major components of the Military Department.
It is an independent agency separate from the State Department and USAID.
Along with the state itself, it was dissolved on 23 October 1989.
The Ministry of Railways is a cabinet-level ministry of the Government of Pakistan.
The Chief of the General Staff is appointed by the President of Azerbaijan, who is the supreme commander-in-chief of the armed forces.
The Department released a major White Paper in July 2009, setting out its purpose and plans.
The Department of Labour and National Service was an Australian government department that existed between October 1940 and December 1972.
It was created in 1979 when the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978 went into effect under President Jimmy Carter.
While a government agency, CNCS acts much like a foundation and is the nation’s largest annual grant maker supporting service and volunteering.
The Scottish Prison Service is an executive agency of the Scottish Government tasked with managing prisons and Young Offender Institutions.
It is an extra-constitutional and non-statutory body.
Revenue Scotland is a non-ministerial department of the Scottish Government responsible for the administration and collection of devolved taxes in Scotland.
It was succeeded by the Electricity Authority in November 2010.
The agency has also, since the time of Abdul Nasser, conducted an internal mission to detect anti-regime elements within the military.
Prior to 1954, it was known as the Ministry of Public Security of the Central People's Government.
The PPSN was known as the Revenue and Social Insurance Number until 1998.
The Ministry of Justice of the Republic of Lithuania was established in 1918.
On a user pays basis it produces geospatial products such as topographic maps and satellite imagery.
It was set up alongside a 'sister' organisation, Postwatch, an independent watchdog for postal services.
In 1962-1963 this office was transferred to the Manned Spacecraft Center in Houston, Texas.
The Afghan Ministry of Higher Education is the Government ministry that is in charge of regulating, expanding and developing Afghanistan's institutions of higher education.
The DCA operates within the New Jersey Department of Law and Public Safety in the office of the New Jersey Attorney General.
Its predecessor organisation was called the Deuxième Bureau.
Ministry headquarters are located at State Secretariat building, Port Harcourt.
The head of the department was the Secretary of the Department of Agriculture, initially Paul Grimes and then Daryl Quinlivan.
The Service is an independent third service provider.
Its functions now operate within a divisional context in the NCAT.
It was established to promote competition, efficiency and economy in the power sector.
The Challenge has raised over $100 million for over 500 beneficiaries since its establishment in 2000.
JMA is responsible for gathering and reporting weather data and forecasts for the general public, as well as providing aviation and marine weather.
As of May 1, 2017, the FDIC provided deposit insurance at 5,844 institutions.
The ministry regulates foreign trade, defense and civil industries, metrology, technical standardization, and aviation technology development.
These reforms were instituted by former Puntland President Abdirahman Farole.
The CDC is a United States federal agency under the Department of Health and Human Services, headquartered near Atlanta, Georgia.
Its main office is located in the MOFA Building in Jongno District, Seoul.
The Federal Biomedical Agency or FMBA is the national public health institute of the Russian Federation.
It is run by the Ministry of Communications and has an equal mission to promote Internet usage in that country.
FWBC was replaced by the Australian Building and Construction Commission on 2 December 2016.
The NJSEA facilities are home to the New York Giants and Jets, which also serves as major venues for concerts and family shows.
The Electoral Act 1992 requires the Commission to consist of a chairperson, electoral commissioner and one other commissioner.
State Police was the predecessor of the Finnish Security Intelligence Service.
The headquarters of the authority is 7, Race Course Road, Indore.
Its current commissioner, Nancy Berryhill, was appointed January 19, 2017, and will serve until the true Presidential appointment takes office.
The organisation was formerly the Indian Standards Institution, set up under the Resolution of the then Department of Industries and Supplies No.
The decisions reached by the Council include:
The judges, magistrates, and registrars of the State Courts are all legal service officers and serve under the supervision and control of Singapore's Legal Service Commission.
It is subordinated to the Federal Ministry of the Interior.
It is responsible for all non-military foreign intelligence and for counterintelligence within the Service itself.
A mint was established in 1779, before Argentina became independent.
Rivers State is one of the county's leading agricultural-producing states.
PennDOT has extensive traffic cameras set up throughout various parts of major cities in the state, such as Philadelphia, Harrisburg, Allentown, and Luzerne County.
The foundation also initiated a project "Aufbruch 1989" in which 17 organisations cooperated, including the Rosa-Luxemburg-Stiftung which is affiliated with the SED successor party, Die Linke.
The departments coordinating policy for the state's 28 public colleges and universities as well as many more private schools.
The current Minister of Housing and Construction and Deputy Minister of Housing and Construction are Sajith Premadasa and Indika Bandaranaike respectively.
It was created in response to the September 11 attacks, and is also currently the youngest U.S. cabinet department.
The Australian Customs and Border Protection Service employed over 5,800 people around Australia and overseas and was headquartered in Canberra.
OSEP is supervised by the Office of the Deputy Secretary of Education through the Office of Special Education and Rehabilitative Services.
The Department of Infrastructure, Transport, Regional Development and Local Government was an Australian Government department that existed between December 2007 and September 2010.
The British Columbia Securities Commission is a regulatory agency which administers and enforces securities legislation in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
Producing and coordinating audio-visual products and services in the U.S. and abroad for the public, the press, the Secretary of State, and Department bureaus and offices;
The Department is under the control of the Mining Commission.
Military Administration in Serbia was the Austro-Hungarian military administration in the Kingdom of Serbia from 1915 to 1918.
The Department for Communities and Local Government is the UK Government department for communities and local government in England.
Plant & Food Research is a New Zealand Crown Research Institute.
As one present judge has suggested, the commission has actually improved and safe-guarded independence of the courts.
The agency is responsible for formulating foreign policies, decisions, foreign affairs documents, and statements in regard to the PRC.
It administers the various statutes pertaining to money, banking, insurance, securities and the financial sector in general, as well as currency issuance.
Since 1 August 2012, the agency has been headed by Hans-Georg Maaßen.
Its role is to enhance consumer welfare and empower consumers to protect themselves.
The agency is subordinate to the Norwegian Ministry of Education and Research and is managed by the University of Oslo.
The State Board of Elections is an independent agency of the U.S. state of Illinois.
The board employs the Superintendent of Public Instruction, who runs the department.
The Ministry of Land and Property Relations is a Cabinet department in the Executive branch of the Republic of Bashkortostan government.
A 5,000 mile rail network, carrying over 42 million short tons of equipment, raw materials, manufactured goods and produce each year.
The Queensland Housing Commission was a Queensland Government agency which was established in 1945 under the State Housing Act 1945.
The Stasi was headquartered in East Berlin, with an extensive complex in Berlin-Lichtenberg and several smaller facilities throughout the city.
Its main name and its acronym are expressed in English so as to avoid the semblance of favouring any one of Switzerland's linguistic regions.
It is responsible for the administration of the national parks of India.
Currently it is known as the Domestic Branch of the State Security Agency.
The Department of Community Services was an Australian government department that existed between December 1984 and July 1987.
The Ministry has the largest budget among the federal departments of India and currently maintains fifth in military expenditure among countries of the world.
The Board also does not rate literature.
It is located in Longueuil, Quebec, Canada, in the borough of Saint-Hubert.
regulate the use of the flag and coat of arms of Puerto Rico;
It maintains relations with the archbishops, the bishop's conference and with the various monastic orders.
The Commission transacts its business by holding meetings.
It is currently led by Minister for Law K Shanmugam.
The agency is overseen by the Ministry of Economics of the Republic of Latvia.
The Danish Maritime Authority is a government agency of Denmark that regulates maritime affairs.
The members of the council included bureaucrats from other agencies.
The Selective Service System is an independent agency of the United States government that maintains information on those potentially subject to military conscription.
It is tasked within Sri Lanka for financial crime investigations and law enforcement, It is a subsidiary agency of Sri Lanka Police Service.
It is tasked with and responsible for providing information, as well as representing and protecting the interests of the Republic of Serbia abroad.
The Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore is Singapore's national aviation authority and a statutory board under the Ministry of Transport of the Government of Singapore.
The company was established in 1902, when Thunder Bay Telephone was formed to connect the then-independent communities of Port Arthur and Fort William.
It provides VIP flight services to government officials.
The Committee was revived in 1983 as the Mandarin Promotion Council based on Taiwan.
The New York State Department of Family Assistance, also known as the Department of Family Services, is the department of the New York state government.
Its central objective is to ensure fair treatment for all shareholders in takeover bids.
It was the second so-named Australian Government department.
Its office is in Watson Building, San Miguel, Manila.
The PBC was funded partially by the US government until 1998.
Its headquarters are located in central Paris and the scientific and technical center is at Orleans.
The CAA has its headquarters in the Asteron Centre in Featherston Street, Wellington.
The current Minister of Interior is Khaled Al Jarrah Al Sabah.
The WPA's initial appropriation in 1935 was for $4.9 billion.
The department is led by the Secretary of Health, nominated by the President of the Philippines and confirmed by the Commission on Appointments.
It is in charge of producing and managing the scientific and technical information on the environment of Colombia, and its territorial composition.
South Australian Lotteries, is a lottery company that operates in the Australian state of South Australia.
Medicare Australia is one of the Master Programs of the Australian Government Department of Human Services(DHS).
It administers all state parks, forests, trails, wildlife areas, and natural areas.
It began in 1933 as the NSDAP Office for Enlightenment on Population Policy and Racial Welfare.
The Federal Ministry of Justice devotes itself to creating and changing law in the classic core areas related to Constitutional law.
Dubai Sports Council is the official sports governing body of the Government of Dubai.
DTIC's mission statement is "To provide essential, technical research, development, testing and evaluation information rapidly, accurately and reliably to support our DoD customers' needs."
Its mission is to develop positive legal and economic environment for economic development and ensure public welfare and employment.
Ever since, the General National Congress has criticized the unity government on multiple fronts as biased in favor of its rivals, the House of Representatives.
The Ministry of Food, Agriculture and Livestock is a government ministry office of the Republic of Turkey, responsible for food, agriculture and livestock in Turkey.
The Oklahoma Secretary of Finance is a member of the Oklahoma Governor's Cabinet.
Participants work with advisers and mentors to learn about the application of NASA Earth Science and remote sensing during three 10-week terms each year.
The body is organised into four departments, namely Airworthy, Operations, Flight Operations, and Administration.
The Hawaii Department of Transportation is a state government organization which oversees transportation in the U.S. state of Hawaii.
Disaster Healthcare Volunteers is California’s initiative to pre-register, verify licensure and credentials, and mobilize professional healthcare volunteers.
Hence even if not participating one may still find out that one would have won had one played.
The Federal Ministry of Justice and Consumer Protection, abbreviated BMJV, is a cabinet-level ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany.
Elections Nunavut is an independent agency that oversees elections and plebiscites in Nunavut, including:
The section is engaged in scrutinizing news items appearing in various Medias.
Hang Chuon Naron Ministry main offices are in Phnom Penh.
Its headquarters are in London, opposite Holborn tube station, with national offices in Wales and Northern Ireland.
This will likely include 1,100-1,200 housing units, 200,000 square feet of retail, 600,000 square feet of office space, and will likely be LEED N-D certified.
"Complexity in Quality Assurance in a Rapidly Growing Free Economic Environment: A UAE Case Study".
The CEO appoints a returning officer and assistant returning officer in each Nunavut constituency to oversee the election process in that constituency.
The Office of Management and Enterprise Services was created in 2012 during the term of Governor of Oklahoma Mary Fallin.
The two parts are connected to form one large building.
Other states may choose to follow CARB or federal standards but may not set their own.
The General Intelligence Directorate is the most important civil intelligence service of Syria and plays an important role in quelling internal dissent.
Salvesen, Ola Brynjelsen, Klaus Sunnanå, Knut Vartdal, Hallstein Rasmussen, Viggo Jan Olsen and Peter Gullestad and Liv Holmefjord.
The New Jersey Commission on Holocaust Education is a government agency of the U.S. state of New Jersey.
The United Kingdom Hydrographic Office is located in Taunton, Somerset on Admiralty Way and has a workforce of approximately 1,000 staff.
The ministry is concerned with various aspects of Polish agriculture and improving its rural areas.
It was formed under the Punjab Food Authority Act 2011.
Not to be confused with the North American Aerospace Defense Command, also abbreviated NORAD.
It was formed in the year to 1978.
This Ministry is responsible for curriculum and guidelines for all officially recognized elementary and secondary schools in the province and some outside of the province.
The Alabama State Department of Education is the state education agency of Alabama.
It is based on former Ministries of Healthcare.
The State of South Carolina has a group of protected areas managed by the South Carolina State Park Service.
It is a subsidiary of Emirates Post Group Holding.
In late 2016 UPAC began investigating two Montreal School Boards, the English Montreal School Board and the Lester B. Pearson School Board, over allegations of irregularities.
The Upper Yoder Township Authority was formed under the terms of the Municipality Authorities Act of 1945, to provide a sewage collection system in the township.
Major divisions of the agency include the National Forest System, State and Private Forestry, Business Operations, and the Research and Development branch.
A large portion of the archive was destroyed during World War II in 1939 and in 1944.
It has its headquarters in Oklahoma City, across the street from the headquarters of the Oklahoma Department of Public Safety.
The committee is headed by Ramiz Hasanov.
IDA Ireland is responsible for the attraction and development of FDI in Ireland and collaborates with existing foreign investors to expand their businesses in Ireland.
In 2001, the PAEC was integrated with the National Command Authority which is now under Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
The Georgia Department of Revenue is the principal tax collection agency in the U.S. state of Georgia.
OLMS also enforces standards on officers of unions representing U.S. government workers defined by the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978.
It was constituted in 1967 with Chief Minister as Chairman and a non-official as part-time Vice-Chairman.
The vision of the CHP is to be a centre of excellence in disease prevention and control.
^ A detour with Kurdish secret police | The Agonist
The Ministry of Culture is a Cabinet department in the Executive branch of the Republic of Bashkortostan government.
The service was established in 2006, based on the dissolved Department of Special Telecommunication Systems and Information Protection of the Security Service of Ukraine.
It is responsible to the president, and is led by the Minister of Law and Human Rights, Yasonna Laoly, since 27 October 2014.
The NSRL's leaders were Hans von Tschammer und Osten, Arno Breitmeyer and Karl Ritter von Halt.
Navi Mumbai 21st century city which is one of largest planned city in the world is developed and owned by CIDCO.
The Ministry of Steel, a branch of Government of India, is the apex body for formulating all policies regarding steel production, distribution and pricing in India.
The Ministry, at the all-Union level, was established in 1953, after existing as a State Committee of the Council of Ministers for several years.
These palms all descended from a single tree, the Palma Mater, long since destroyed by lightning.
It is responsible for the review of regulations from nearly all state agencies, boards and commissions before they go into effect.
NJDEP now has a staff of approximately 2,850.
It is located in the government chancellery Rosenbad in Stockholm.
They may also assist foreign investigation authorities at their request.
The Postal Service Act signed by President George Washington on February 20, 1792, established the Department.
The Ministry of Interior is a government agency of Italy, headquartered in Rome.
FEDSIM contracts with large and small private sector companies for these systems and services.
They implement the programs and projects that the Council designs for the promotion of human rights, in cooperation with the local stakeholders.
The Korean Academy of Science and Technology is South Korea's highest academy of science and serves as an integrated think-tank for the country's science and technology.
Led by eight Board members, the ERCB's team of engineers, geologists, technicians, economists, and other professionals served Albertans from thirteen locations across the province.
Researchers study the factors that influence human performance in the aerospace environment, find ways to understand them, and communicate that understanding to the aviation community.
It is one of five mosquito and vector control districts in Los Angeles County.
It oversees 900 acres of parks and 68 recreational facilities.
Academia Sinica, headquartered in Nangang District, Taipei, is the national academy of Taiwan.
MARKA is active in EU & International relations and vigorously strives to promote those of Regional stakeholders.
This fire destroyed almost all the records in the Colony.
The Chairperson of the Council is the President of South Korea and the Executive Vice-Chairperson is a minister-levelled officer.
Currently, INESPRE is directed by Jorge Radhamés Zorrilla Ozuna, who was designated by President Danilo Medina on August 20, 2012 by the decree No.
Participants in states with a minimum wage higher than the federal are paid at the higher rate.
The information below pertains to the former WorkCover NSW.
A new postal coding and number system for each of Somalia's 18 administrative regions was also developed in October 2014.
The exchange enables individuals and small businesses to purchase health insurance at federally subsidized rates.
In the 2011/12 budget the department had a budget of R22,578 million and a staff complement of 609 civil servants.
Only one of the two positions can be held by a military officer at any given time.
The New Zealand Department of Education was, prior to 1989, the public service department of the New Zealand Government that was responsible for pre-tertiary education.
With the reform of the Italian Intelligence Services approved on 1 August 2007, SISMI was replaced by Agenzia Informazioni e Sicurezza Esterna.
The agency also administers lands and waters set aside as potential national parklands, including eight National Park Reserves and one National Marine Conservation Area Reserve.
It was established on 1 April 2008 by the merger of Defence Aviation Repair Agency and the Army Base Repair Organisation.
On 1 January 2005, the health boards were replaced by the Health Service Executive.
The agency is headed by Atakhan Pashayev.
With the establishment in 2009 of direct flights between Taiwan and the mainland, Hong Kong’s role as a transit point was eliminated.
The Department of Customs and Excise was an Australian government department that existed between January 1956 and March 1975.
Prince Mohammad bin Abdulaziz International Airport in Medina
The legislation allocated $2.9 billion for 31 special-needs districts, known as SDA Districts and previously called Abbott districts.
Since 1995, its director is Ilmar Tomusk.
Statistics is a federal responsibility in Canada and Statistics Canada produces statistics for all the provinces as well as the federal government.
The purpose of its establishment is to fairly manage elections.
That legislation established a state boating agency dedicated to all aspects of recreational boating and a special fund to fund the division’s activities.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kenya is the Kenyan government ministry which oversees the foreign relations of Kenya.
Nearly all civilian airports in Pakistan are owned and operated by the CAA.
Like the GPU before it, the OGPU operated - in theory - with more restraint than the original Bolshevik secret police, the Cheka of 1917-1922.
This is broken down into Php12.292 billion for the AFP modernization program and Php9.496 billion for military replication expenses.
It aimed to plan and prepare for disasters as well as rescue and protect persons, property and the environment from disaster and emergency.
CHIN is based in Gatineau, in Quebec.
The Minister of Information is Hasanul Haq Inu as of 2015.
Tamil Nadu Electricity Licensing Board is an organisation of the state Government of Tamil Nadu in India.
It oversees four public television channels, two public radio services, and an Internet video on demand service.
In recent years, PennDOT has focused on intermodal transportation.
The Machilipatnam Area Development Authority is a special urban planning authority.
The FSA is famous for its small but highly influential photography program, 1935–44, that portrayed the challenges of rural poverty.
FWBC was responsible for enforcing industrial relations laws in Australia’s building and construction industry through the provision of education, assistance and advice.
To support critical wireless telecommunications operational requirements of Government of Canada departments and agencies, such as National Defence and Public Safety;
The present Director-General and Socioeconomic Planning Secretary is Sec.
The SPS employs over 4,000 staff, with its headquarters in Calton House, located in South Gyle, Edinburgh.
The Board membership as set out in the 1945 Regulations consisted of:
The Observatory forecasts the weather and issues warnings on weather-related hazards.
It is headed by the Minister for Foreign Affairs, the office currently held by Dr Vivian Balakrishnan.
The transformation of the NRC into an RTO that focuses on "business-led research" was part of the federal government's Economic Action Plan.
Since 2009, the council is headquartered within the Singapore Islamic Hub, located along Braddell Road.
MTDC initiates & supports various cultural activities across Maharashtra with the objective to improve tourism in the state.
It has established computerized and electronic facilities, through an electronic system, in all four provinces.
the South African National Space Agency, which covers space-related research and development initiatives;
building skills through workforce planning and skills development programs
The NARA also transmits votes of the Electoral College to Congress.
The Ministry of Transport is a ministry in the Burmese government responsible for the country's transport infrastructure.
The Ministry of Internal Affairs of Georgia, abbreviated MIA, is a state law enforcement agency of Georgia.
Metro is the regional government for the Oregon portion of the Portland metropolitan area.
Federal Communications Agency is the federal agency, controlled by the Ministry of Communications and Mass Media of Russia.
In 2017, The Jerusalem Post and the Mossad's Libertad website announced that the Mossad has established an additional arm to its technological research and development efforts.
It employed embassy personnel, especially the military attaché and his office within the embassy.
CYFS had been established in 1999 from the former Children and Young Persons Service.
The first patent was issued to James H. Van Houten of Savannah, Georgia on August 1, 1861 for a "breech-loading gun".
Although its roots began in 1884, the department came to be recognized as the Department of Commerce in 2015.
Industrial training, apprenticeship and other skill development responsibilities were transferred from the Ministry of Labour and Employment to this newly-made Ministry on 16 April 2015.
The Ministry of Communication and Information Technology was an Indian government ministry.
Commissioners serve two-year terms and receive no salary, but commissions do receive funds for the general purpose of improving their area and hiring staff.
Its responsibilities include oversight over banking, capital markets, insurance, pension scheme and electronic money institutions.
The Office of Health Affairs is a component within the United States Department of Homeland Security.
The Pennsylvania Department of Education is the executive department of the state charged with publicly funded preschool, K-12 and adult educational budgeting, management and guidelines.
The Ministry of Transport is a ministry in the Government of Singapore that administers and regulates land, sea and air transportation within the republic’s jurisdiction.
They are managed by Afghan Post, the national public postal service under the direction of Afghan Ministry of Communications and Information Technology.
The Overseas Workers Welfare Administration is an agency of the Department of Labor and Employment of the Philippines.
At Intermediate level the Board awards six certificates:
From 1949 to 2001 it was known as the Ministry for Food, Agriculture and Forests.
In accordance with the Old Georgetown Act, the CFA appoints the Old Georgetown Board.
DTRA employ approximately 2,000 civilians and uniformed service members at more than a dozen permanent locations around the world.
It is led by the Minister for Jobs, Enterprise and Innovation who is assisted by two Ministers of State.
The ACMA was formed on 1 July 2005 by a merger of the Australian Broadcasting Authority and the Australian Communications Authority.
The Ministry of Justice is one of the ministries of the Lebanese government.
The responsibility for regulating the non electronic communications industry in China falls on the General Administration of Press and Publication.
50% of education spending is devoted to secondary education and 21% of the annual state education budget is devoted to the provision of tertiary education.
Then after services of a famous consultant M/s Elire H.N.
Its headquarters are located in Quezon City.
Its seat is in Patras, Western Greece, and it is currently headed by Acting Secretary-General Dionysios Panagiotopoulos.
The organisation was created by the passing of the Public Services Reform Act 2010 
In the First Congress, the party had 344,226 members.
ADF&G manages approximately 750 active fisheries, 26 game management units, and 32 special areas.
The Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh is a scientific centre for the study of plants, their diversity and conservation, as well as a popular tourist attraction.
The ministry is headed by Garib Mammadov.
The Department of the Special Minister of State was an Australian government department that existed between March 1983 and July 1987.
The Directorate-General for the External Relations was a Directorate-General of the European Commission, responsible for the external policy.
Mauritius capitalized on the sale of strategic coastal land to foreigners through the Property Development Scheme programmes of the Board of Investment.
To assist in accomplishing the many diverse missions of the Coast Guard, senior leadership and operational commanders rely on Coast Guard Intelligence.
encouraging best practice in governance and use of resources
The Department of External Affairs was an Australian government department that existed between December 1921 and November 1970.
The focus of OCTIP's mandate is human rights, specifically those of the victims of human trafficking.
Monitor has been a part of NHS Improvement since 1 April 2016.
The ministry is headed by a Minister of Agriculture and Cooperatives.
PTC regulates the public bus and rapid transit network in areas such as fares and service standards.
presently, the SCBMA oversees maintenance and tap-ins of existing locations within South Connellsville Borough.
The Badan Pengawas Tenaga Nuklir is the Nuclear Energy Regulatory Agency of Indonesia.
Its headquarters were located in Petaling Jaya, Selangor.
The agency has been headquartered in the Dewitt C. Greer Building at 125 East 11th Street in downtown Austin, Texas, since 1933.
It is staffed by 59 personnel responsible for the administration and organisation of the tribunals.
The term of the present Council is up to 29 February 2012.
The Arkansas Department of Environmental Quality is a department of the government of Arkansas under the Governor of Arkansas.
CHP deals with various health related issues including:
It was designed to lend money to the states or communities for low-cost construction.
GPU brigades led Soviet forces in the 1934 Soviet invasion of Xinjiang.
The National Water Commission was an independent statutory authority within the Department of Sustainability, Environment, Water, Population and Communities portfolio in Australia.
The Trinidad and Tobago Securities and Exchange Commission is the sole regulator of the securities industry in the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago.
The Ministry also houses the Secretariat of the Cabinet of the Netherlands.
Haryana Urban Development Authority, also known as HUDA, is the urban planning agency of the state of Haryana in India.
They are sometimes ignored, for instance in the foreshore and seabed dispute.
TANAPA is a parastatal corporation and all its income is reinvested into the organization.
The Department oversees the securities business in Oklahoma.
The Department of Agriculture and Food is a Western Australian government department responsible for regulating and advancing agricultural and food industries within the state.
It was dissolved on 1 August 2014 when Forfas’ policy functions were integrated with the Department of Jobs, Enterprise and Innovation.
The current Minister of Labor is Ronaldo Nogueira.
The Commission works to improve the financial capability of all New Zealanders throughout their lives through education, information and promotion.
The department oversees the natural resources and environment of the state, as well as regulating public utilities and energy policy.
Department of Labour & Employment, Haryana is a Ministry and department of the Government of Haryana in India.
The missions of the CEA are equivalent to those of the United States Department of Energy.
William Richard Motherwell was the first Saskatchewan Minister of Agriculture from 1906-1917.
The current, Minister of Development of North Eastern Region is Jitendra Singh.
Brian Cowen, the former Taoiseach referred to it as "Angola" clarifying "just when you've cleared one land mine another goes off".
The Ministry of Citizenship, Immigration and International Trade is responsible for citizenship, immigration and international trade issues in the Canadian province of Ontario.
It is the successor to the former Ordnance Survey of Ireland.
The Central Institution for Meteorology and Geodynamics is the national meteorological and geophysical service of Austria.
The Directorate of Military Intelligence is the military intelligence branch of the Defence Forces, the Irish armed forces, and the national intelligence service of Ireland.
The Planning Commission is a financial and public policy development institution of the Government of Pakistan.
The ministry is one of the three "sovereign" ministerial bodies of Iran due to nature of its work at home and abroad.
The ministry offices were located at Fredsgatan 8 in central Stockholm.
It oversees the National Tax Tribunal and the Financial Intelligence Unit.
It was created in 2014 by merging Wine Australia and the Grape and Wine Research and Development Corporation.
The Ministry of Energy, Industry and Mineral Resources is one of the governmental bodies of Saudi Arabia and part of the cabinet.
This ministry is responsible for workplace standards on behalf of employees and is part of the Prime Minister's Cabinet.
Commissioners were sworn in and began meeting in July 1991.
The General Administration of Customs is a ministry-level administrative agency within the government of the People's Republic of China.
Registers of Scotland is the non-ministerial department of the Scottish Government responsible for compiling and maintaining records relating to property and other legal documents.
The OTS was implicated in a backdating scandal regarding the balance sheet of IndyMac.
The Commission staff are split between two geographical offices:
The New Zealand Film Commission, Creative New Zealand, and Sport New Zealand are major recipients of lottery funding.
Since 2015, the Minister of Education, Culture and Sport is Íñigo Méndez de Vigo y Montojo.
The first was designated on 1918, and by the summer of 1925, sixteen highways were numbered.
The Transport 21 element of the NDP involved improvements to Ireland's transport networks including its roads.
The Swedish Coast Guard is a Swedish civilian government agency tasked with:
ECGD continues to check that the proposed borrowing is sustainable.
Various modifications to the structure and duties of the Board of War continued to be made throughout the war.
The Government Flying Service is a disciplined unit of the Government of Hong Kong.
In 1999, the agency assumed its current name.
The Commission's offices are located in Mary Street, Brisbane.
The INS was established on June 10, 1933, merging these previously separate areas of administration.
In the United States Government, the Bureau of Administration is part of the U.S. Department of State.
The Bureau of Consular Affairs is a bureau of the U.S. Department of State reporting to the Under Secretary of State for Management.
The agency provides emergency medical, fire prevention, firefighting and disaster rescue service as well as protecting civilian lives, property and safety.
It is also empowered to undertake broader activities that promote national water reform objectives.
The National Archives is a non-ministerial government department.
Supporting those divisions are seven support sections: Accounting, Diversity and Recruiting, Engineering, Information and Education, Information Technology, Legal, and Personnel and Payroll.
Members of the Policy Unit in 2010 were  Gavin Lockhart-Mirams, Sean Worth, Chris Brown, Richard Freer, Tim Luke, Michael Lynas and Ben Moxham.
The predecessor of the ministry is the Environmental Protection Committee attached to the Council of Ministers and established on 19 June 1976.
The Ministry of Trade, Industry and Cooperatives is a cabinet level ministry of the government of Uganda.
Driver's licenses and motor vehicle registrations are the responsibility of the R.I. Division of Motor Vehicles, an office of the Rhode Island Department of Revenue.
The FTA oversees grants to state and local transit providers, primarily through its ten regional offices.
It provides over $1.5 billion USD in supplemental economic resources to help just over 1 million impoverished residents cope with their nutritional needs.
CHIN is a Special Operating Agency within the Citizenship and Heritage sector of the Department of Canadian Heritage.
The head office is located in the daba of Tskneti, Tbilisi.
Late in the 20th century, it was known as the Climate Analysis Center for a time, before evolving into CPC in 1995.
Additionally, the service monitors dissidents of the government outside Syria.
The Federal Office for Economic Affairs and Export Control is a German federal agency.
The PSA has regulatory responsibility for safety, emergency preparedness and the working environment in petroleum-industry activities in Norway, both on land and offshore.
The nursing schools were required to compress the traditional nursing program of 36 months to 30 months.
The United States Department of Transportation is a federal Cabinet department of the U.S. government concerned with transportation.
Advice on investment-related issues including investment risk management strategies, and on project and enterprise risk; and
The Commission holds regular hearings and roundtables, produces an annual report on its findings, and provides recommendations to Congress on legislative actions related to China.
It is actively involved in the coordination of civil works, budget, fixation and recovery of rents from Government owned / hired and requisitioned buildings.
It is headed by the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Minister of Industries, who is a member of the Chief Minister's Cabinet.
It had its origins in "Special Branch" a department of the national police that was created in 1952 under the British administration.
The Ministry of Tourism is a ministry of the Government of Haiti.
The full Commission generally meets monthly, and approved meeting summaries of Commission meetings are posted online.
In 2009, the Eritrean Postal Service delivered 1.8 million letters.
It currently works at the Libertador Building, at Paseo Colón 250, Buenos Aires.
From that moment the number of meteorological stations is rapidly decreasing.
The Survey currently has 5 sections and a geochemical laboratory.
Upon dissolution, responsibility for rail services transferred to the State Rail Authority and responsibility for bus and ferry services to the Urban Transit Authority.
The mission of ANA is to promote economic and social self-sufficiency for American Indians, Alaska Natives, Native Hawaiians, and other Native Pacific Islanders.
It is also illegal for an employer to knowingly employ a barred person in the sector from which they are barred.
Captain Gustav Freiherr von Senden-Bibran, appointed as its first head, remained in office until 1906.
The Department of Home Affairs was an Australian government department that existed between 1928 and 1932.
The Office of Intelligence and Analysis is an agency of the United States Department of Homeland Security.
It is responsible for ensuring that South Australia's natural resources are managed productively and sustainably, while improving the condition and resilience of the state's natural environment.
The Department of Corrections is the public service department of New Zealand charged with managing the New Zealand corrections system.
The New Zealand Blood Service is the provider of blood services for New Zealand.
Managed $479 billion in Foreign Military Sales
It is governed by a board of trustees appointed by the minister responsible for wildlife.
OSEP provides leadership and support for professionals working with children with disabilities.
The Illinois Municipal Retirement Fund is the second largest and best-funded public pension system in the U.S. state of Illinois.
The ministry was established in 2008 and it was known as the State Ministry for Reintegration until 2014.
The Productivity Commission is the Australian Government's principal review and advisory body on microeconomic policy, regulation and a range of other social and environmental issues.
It is responsible for civil registration, the census in Scotland, demography and statistics, family history and the national archives and historical records.
VDOT has a workforce of about 7,500 full-time employees.
The Institute of Diplomacy and International Affairs is the agency of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of China.
It provides the administrative and institutional framework for the exercise of the duties, responsibilities and powers vested in the President by the Constitution.
The office monitors extremist activities by the far-right, the far-left, as well as "foreigner extremism" including Islamism, and espionage activities.
Estonian Weather Service's webpage offers you 4day forecast, week forecast and month forecast.
While the Puerto Rican version features country inns usually located in rural areas, the program borrows from the state-run enterprise of paradors of Spain.
To ensure its independent status it is legally separated from all branches of the Government of Korea.
It was established in 1980 to develop tourism in the state.
The Centre for Health Protection is an agency under the Department of Health in Hong Kong and responsible for health and safety.
Its regulations are compiled in title 28 of the New York City Rules.
The ISS is known to have offices in Qurum and Salalah in Dhofar.
It is a subordinate agency of the Austrian Federal Ministry for Science and Research.
The Department of Civil Rights attempts to prevent discrimination through educational programs that promote voluntary compliance with civil rights laws and investigates and resolves discrimination complaints.
In the Ross Sea region of Antarctica it has named many geographical features.
The department of Public Expenditure and Reform is responsible for overseeing the reform of the Public Sector.
The Department of Agriculture of state of Tamil Nadu is one of the Department of Government of Tamil Nadu
This also includes, air quality, noise control, monitoring and inspection of environment, solid waste, recycling, sustainable development and international cooperation.
DIMDI also develops and operates database-supported information systems for drugs and medical devices and is responsible for a program of health technology assessment.
Myanmar Posts and Telecommunications, abbreviated MPT) is a state owned enterprise in Myanmar under the supervision of Ministry of Transport and Communications .
The Health Board system of Ireland was created by the 1970 Health Act.
The National Reconnaissance Office is a member of the United States Intelligence Community and an agency of the United States Department of Defense.
The Department of Immigration was an Australian government department that existed between July 1945 and June 1974.
The group advocates the use of information technology resources to advance the educational mission of the U.S. Department of Defense and other federal agencies.
The Ministry was dissolved in 2015, when rural affairs was transferred to the Ministry of Enterprise.
The Department of Works and Housing was an Australian government department that existed between July 1945 and June 1952.
It was formed on 26 March 2004, and commenced operations on 14 April 2004.
The agency was created on 13 July 1917, taking over archives from the two counties from the Regional State Archives in Oslo.
In 2013, the Perry Center was the only federal office to receive an Alfred P. Sloan Award for Workplace Flexibility.
The Bureau is governed by a seven-member Commission, who members are appointed by the Governor of Oklahoma, with the approval of the Oklahoma Senate.
The Ministry of Agriculture and Land Reclamation of Egypt is a ministerial body in charge of agriculture and land reclamation in Egypt.
The Scottish Arts Council was a Scottish public body responsible for the funding, development and promotion of the arts in Scotland.
Each member is limited to serving three terms of two years.
The Marine Institute is headquartered at Rinville, near Oranmore, County Galway on the west coast of Ireland.
It is under the administrative control of the Ministry of Defence, Government of India.
This restructuring and integration of the disparate agencies was ongoing as of 2011.
The collection includes ten shelf-kilometers of material from the 16th century to the 1990s.
The objective of the Department is to shape a digital future for West Bengal.
PAEC scientists regularly pay visits to CERN while taking part in projects led by CERN.
The Home Office is a ministerial department of Her Majesty's Government of the United Kingdom, responsible for immigration, security and law and order.
^ Marine and Coastal Access Act 2009
They are headquartered at Trenchard Lines, Upavon, Wiltshire.
The ministry was also in charge of the operations of China Railways which manages the railway bureaux and companies in mainland China.
It is headed by the Director of Public Prosecutions.
BEREC includes national regulatory authorities on its board and an administrative staff including Community officials.
The Ministry is also responsible for the coordination of recovery functions including disaster welfare services.
It is the largest state civil rights agency in the United States.
PRTC is headquartered at the building that housed the old La Princesa jail.
The predecessor to today's MDOT was the Michigan State Highway Department that was formed on July 1, 1905 after a constitutional amendment was approved that year.
The system handles inmates who have violated, or are accused of violating, federal law.
The mission of MIOSHA is to help protect the safety, health, earned wages and fringe benefits of Michigan workers.
The BND acts as an early warning system to alert the German government to threats to German interests from abroad.
Historically, Crown Estate properties were administered by the reigning monarch to help fund the business of governing the country.
It also advises other Ministries and State Governments when the latter have dealings with foreign governments or institutions.
On 28 September 2015 the FMC was merged with the Securities and Exchange Board of India.
The provinces and territories with the highest rate of licensing are Yukon, Newfoundland and Labrador, Northwest Territories and New Brunswick.
The political head of the department is the Minister of Higher Education and Training; as of May 2009 this is Blade Nzimande.
domestic and international trade fairs and exhibitions.
The sources of intelligence, the ways and means its mission is carried out cannot be disclosed to anyone, under whatever circumstances.
The Explosives Division is a division of the Science and Technology Directorate of the United States Department of Homeland Security.
Headquartered in Kirkuk, its boundaries extend from the northern borders to the 32.5 degree parallel, just south of Baghdad.
ARS scientists at these centers study the role of food and dietary components in human health from conception to advanced old age.
Unlike usual in other countries, the Portuguese Minister of Justice does not have any kind of hierarchic authority over the public prosecutors.
Shooter's MP Robert Brown was instrumental in the formation of the legislation.
The polytechnic opened its doors to the first intake of students in 2003 before moving to the current Woodlands campus in 2007.
It allows enrollees to compare health insurance plans and provides those who qualify with access to tax credits.
CLM was a consortium of CH2M Hill, Laing O'Rourke and Mace.
The Department of Industry, Science and Resources was an Australian government department that existed between October 1998 and November 2001.
Besides the Jordan Academy of Arabic, there are 10 other Arabic language and literature regulators in the world.
The ORR regulates Network Rail’s activities and funding requirements, regulates access to the railway network, licenses the operators of railway assets and publishes rail statistics.
55 driver examination centres & 37 travel points DES, as DriveTest Centres)
Major benefits include Veterans’ compensation, Veterans’ pension, survivors’ benefits, rehabilitation and employment assistance, education assistance, home loan guaranties, and life insurance coverage.
Health in Ghana includes the healthcare systems on prevention, care and treatment of diseases and other maladies.
The South Korean science minister Ahn Byung-man later told reporters that the rocket was believed to have exploded.
It is administered by the Central Provident Fund Board, a statutory board operating under the Ministry of Manpower which is responsible for investing contributions.
CAS is funded by the Hong Kong Government and its members wear uniforms.
The Military Department headquarters is located in Nashville, Tennessee.
The organization was founded in 1933, making it the first housing authority in the United States.
The Ministry of Agriculture is responsible for government programs associated with agriculture in the province of Saskatchewan, Canada.
The Institute supports and promotes best practice.
The Orpo was under the administration of the Interior Ministry but headed by members of the SS until the end of World War II.
It was structured as a company limited by guarantee and was funded entirely by fees charged to the financial services industry.
MCIT is led by the Minister of Communications and Information Technology, who is nominated by the Prime Minister and is a member of the cabinet.
As the state's SAC, OCJRC is a member of the Justice Research and Statistics Association.
Only the Secretary of Defense has the authority to approve transfer of forces between Combatant Commands.
Activities of the current ministry are coordinated by the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine.
Finally, the Initiative provides staffing to support and coordinate the mission of a President's Advisory Commission on Educational Excellence for Hispanics.
To educate and guide the entrepreneurs in improving environment by suggesting appropriate pollution control technologies and techniques
In 1988 he was reappointed and served continuously until January 31, 1994.
The FBI was established in 1908 as the Bureau of Investigation, the BOI or BI for short.
It was founded in 1887 as the "Instituto Central Meteorológico", and has been renamed several times.
Tamar Sanikidze's resignation was announced on 3 June 2016.
Language Inspectorate is a governmental body under the Ministry of Education of Estonia.
The National Institute of Information and Communications Technology is Japan's primary national research institute for information and communications.
Commission members may be reappointed to one additional term, also with the advice and consent of the Senate.
The current Minister of State for National Health Services Regulation and Coordination is Saira Afzal Tarar.
In addition, the IDOT Division of Highways has offices in nine locations throughout the state.
the Incoming Committee on Government Transition, composed of aides and assistants of the upcoming governor-elect.
The California Department of Rehabilitation is a California state department which administers vocational rehabilitation services and provides support to independent living centers throughout the state.
Support can be given for contracts as low as £1,000, but some of the projects ECGD backs go well beyond the £1 billion mark.
The agency administers the MIOSH Act, Act 154 of 1974, as amended.
24 students graduated the first language class for beginner level dubbed as “Masayang Matuto ng Filipino”.
By 1981, BSPP had 1.5 million members.
The Swedish Security Service is a Swedish government agency organised under the Ministry of Justice.
The National Security Council was re-created by then-President and former General Pervez Musharraf in April 2004 under the National Security Council Act.
The Bureau of Ocean Energy Management is an agency within the United States Department of the Interior, established in 2010 by Secretarial Order.
Some misdemeanor crimes are prosecuted by local city attorneys.
The Ministry of Wildlife Conservation and Tourism is a ministry of the Government of South Sudan.
It monitors the work of universities and allocates their budgets.
the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, which acts as a quasi-privatised research and development agency with a specific focus on research of application to industry;
The Colorado Department of Corrections is the principal department of the Colorado state government that operates the state prisons.
The Chemical Propulsion Information Analysis Center is one of several United States Department of Defense sponsored Information Analysis Centers, administered by the Defense Technical Information Center.
IDAL was established in 1994 with the aim of promoting Lebanon as a key investment destination, and attracting facilitating, and retaining investments in the country.
The Huygens Institute for the History of the Netherlands
It was formed under the 2013 Anti-Corruption Law, which was enacted in September 2013.
General Directorate of Work, Hygiene, and Occupational Safety
Ministry of Forests and Soil Conservation is governmental body of Nepal that is responsible for the conservation of forests and soil in the country.
The South Carolina Department of Transportation is a government agency in the US state of South Carolina.
NHS England is an executive non-departmental public body of the Department of Health.
The Ministry of Digital Economy and Society, formerly known as the Ministry of Information and Communication Technology, Thai: กระทรวงเทคโนโลยีสารสนเทศและการสื่อสาร, is a cabinet ministry of Thailand.
In conjunction with the Alabama Agricultural Experiment Station, the system also staffs six extension and research centers located in the state’s principal geographic regions.
The Tennessee Emergency Management Agency provides state-level emergency management, coordinating federal assistance through FEMA, tasking state agencies for resources, and supporting local government emergency management agencies.
TEMA has staff and facilities located across the state.
The NIO' research and studies are funded by the Federal Government of Pakistan while the facilities are provided by Sindh Government.
The Department manages nearly 4,000 acres of park land.
Attempts to achieve a balance between production factors, in keeping with the appropriate legal regulations.
The Department of the Northern Territory was an Australian government department that existed between December 1975 and September 1978.
It organized a census in March 2008, 24 years after the last one.
The Transport Department of the Government of Hong Kong is a department of the civil service responsible for transportation-related policy in Hong Kong.
The ministry is headed by the Minister of Railways, a cabinet-level minister who presents the rail budget every year in parliament.
The Department of the Northern Territory was an Australian government department that existed between December 1972 and June 1975.
Days 2 and 3, as well as 4–8 use a probabilistic scale, determining the probability for a severe weather event in percentage categories.
This ministry is responsible for Economy and Finance along with providing support to the Prime Minister.
It is responsible for handling the day-to-day affairs of the Cabinet.
The Ministry of Livestock and Fisheries Development is a government ministry in Tanzania.
The work is generally related to social and economic development.
The New Jersey Historical Commission is a government agency of the U.S. state of New Jersey.
The Department is led by its Secretary, presently Blair Comley PSM, who reports to the Premier, presently The Hon.
The Commandant also is responsible for the operation of the Marine Corps material support system."
The Ministry of Economic Development was a New Zealand public sector organisation tasked with promoting development of New Zealand's economy.
The FCA is headquartered in McLean, Virginia, near Washington, DC.
When Solberg's Cabinet assumed office in October 2013, Jan Tore Sanner took over the ministry, pending its discontinuation from 2014.
The Ministry of Health is a ministry of the Government of South Sudan.
The Ministry of Power was a United Kingdom government ministry dealing with issues concerning energy.
The Department of State Development is a department of the Government of South Australia.
In brief, the CIO looks after whole of government ICT policy while the CTO looks after whole of government ICT services and procurement.
The Pennsylvania Department of Revenue is an agency of the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
The Foreign and Commonwealth Office, commonly called the Foreign Office, is a department of the Government of the United Kingdom.
The Ministry of Labour and Social Protection of the Russian Federation is the federal ministry responsible for social protection and labor.
The Orange County Water District is a California special district that manages the groundwater basin beneath central and northern Orange County, California.
It has as its mission the prevention of potential conflicts between the public administration and the individual.
As of 2014, the bureau is headed by the Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs, Michele T. Bond.
Colorado Division of Reclamation, Mining, and Safety
The Lottery's slogan is "Take a chance on education.
The Subdivided Lands Act is codified in Sections 11000 et seq.
NParks also monitors and coordinates measures to enhance the presence of biodiversity in Singapore’s urban landscape.
The Ministry was converted into Petroleum Division in August 2017 and the division was merged into Ministry of Energy.
It provides businesses with infrastructure such as land, roads, water supply, drainage facilities and street lights.
TTI researchers serve as objective transportation experts, providing an important resource to local, state and national agencies and groups.
It has its headquarters in Lisbon Portela Airport.
The SB has twelve different wings through which it carries out the directives of the Government.
The company was founded in 1974 by the government of Sudan to be the national port operator and port authority.
The court is administrated by the Norwegian National Courts Administration.
NOS is a scientific and technical organization of 1,700 scientists, natural resource managers, and specialists in many different fields.
The New Zealand Commerce and Industry Office represents New Zealand interests in Taiwan in the absence of formal diplomatic relations, functioning as a de facto embassy.
It was created in 1968 by merging the Foreign Office and the Commonwealth Office.
It can also refer to the British Mountain Bike Federation.
Some of its current transit expansion projects include Line 5 Eglinton in Toronto, the Mississauga Transitway, and the BLAST network in Hamilton.
As of December 2015, the Canadian Firearms Program recorded a total of 2,026,011 valid firearms licences, which is roughly 5.6% of the Canadian population.
protect and enhance the natural and cultural heritage of the foreshore area
David Elliott MP, who is ultimately responsible to the Parliament of New South Wales.
The Oklahoma Secretary of Health is a member of the Oklahoma Governor's Cabinet.
In March 2017, General Tony Saliba was appointed as director of the State Security.
The organisation is responsible for various programmes to assist a disaster-free built environment in the future.
The Secretary serves as the chief advisor to the Governor on public health and public assistance.
This organisational change in the federal financial administration aims to evenly allocate the workload between the Bundesfinanzdirektionen.
The MAC counterpart body by the PRC is the Taiwan Affairs Office.
The establishment of the Commission recognized that the population of the United States is mostly immigrants and their descendents.
WisDCF's main office is located in Madison, and it maintains regional offices throughout the state.
Dr Karen Poutasi has previously been the Director General of Health and worked in senior management roles across the health sector.
Its ExCom is made up of 20 high-ranking local administrators from East Marmara provinces including governors and mayors.
Information Technology Authority is a governmental authority in Oman that is responsible for establishing and running the e-governance services in Oman.
From 2010, governmental spending on marketing fell considerably.
The directorate also has responsibilities under the Norwegian Planning and Building Law.
The agency publishes three magazines: Arkivmagasinet, Nytt fra Statsarkivet i Oslo and Bergensposten.
In 2012, a new Ministry of Tourism and Culture was created, however, the functions and roles of Seychelles Tourism Board remained unchanged.
The Secretary serves as the chief advisor to the Governor on public health issues and needs.
The local archives are located in Bergen, Hamar, Kongsberg, Kristiansand, Oslo, Stavanger, Tromsø and Trondheim.
The Virginia Housing Development Authority is a self-supporting, not-for-profit organization created by the Commonwealth of Virginia in 1972, to help Virginians attain quality affordable housing.
The decision to render assistance is taken in co-counsel with the Danish Foreign Ministry.
The Department of Industries is a key government department that oversees industrial activity in the Indian state of Kerala.
It has its headquarters in Providencia, Santiago.
One trustee is appointed by the governor from the three higher education active member candidates nominated by employees of institutions of higher education.
The agency operates 49 offices and works in tandem with the similar county agencies that manage the cases of individuals convicted of less severe crimes.
In May 2008, Postcomm called for the part-privatisation of Royal Mail to safeguard the universal service.
The Oklahoma Health Care Authority is an agency of the government of Oklahoma responsible for providing health insurance benefits for the state's SoonerCare members.
all plebiscites conducted according to Nunavut’s Plebiscites Act.
Under the Australian Constitution, Western Australia ceded legislative and judicial supremacy to the Commonwealth, but retained powers in all matters not in conflict with the Commonwealth.
The National Intelligence Organization is the governmental intelligence organization of Turkey.
However, it continued carrying out security tasks behind the lines and provided aid to German forces.
It is cabinet-level ministry of the Italian Republic.
It is the newest cabinet level department, having been broken off from the West Virginia Department of Military Affairs and Public Safety in 2011.
They are commanded by Maj. Gen. Tarek Al Hasan and include all Ministry of Interior field units responsible for maintaining order and security in Bahrain.
In Northern Ireland, its functions were carried out by the Health and Safety Executive for Northern Ireland.
The ministry manages the country's Byzantine administrative service including District Secretaries, Divisional Secretaries and Grama Niladhari.
The Department of Forest and Waters was created by the General Assembly in 1901.
The Kansas Turnpike Authority is the organization that owns and maintains the Kansas Turnpike.
Trade marks, plant breeders’ rights and patents of inventions and designs
Isabella Lövin as Minister for International Development Cooperation
The system has several levels of "restricted" categories, prohibiting sale, exhibition or use of some materials to those who are under a prescribed age.
The ultimate goal of 'measuring' something is to assess ourselves in comparison to everything else in the world.
However, the YCDC is also responsible for duties stipulated in the 1922 Rangoon Municipal Act
Sustainable Development Technology Canada is an arm’s-length foundation created by the Government of Canada to fund new clean technologies.
One of CARB's responsibilities is to define vehicle emissions standards.
The system comprises 29 technology center districts and 390 comprehensive school districts.
It is not part of the military operations, but is instead directly subordinate to the Norwegian Ministry of Defence, and established on January 1, 2002.
A decision of MSPB is binding unless set aside on appeal to federal court.
The Commission, headed by Justice B.N.Srikrishna.The Other members of the commission were Prof. Ravindra Dholakia, Mr. J.S.Mathur and Member-Secretary Ms Sushama Nath, IAS.
It is the operational arm of the Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs and Disaster Management.
It is headed by the office of the Minister of Health, Gan Kim Yong.
Under state law, the Secretary of State must have at least one office in each of Michigan's 83 counties.
Its regulations are compiled in title 17 of the New York Codes, Rules and Regulations.
Ohio EPA establishes and enforces standards for air, water, waste management and cleanup of sites contaminated with hazardous substances.
The Chairman of the NDMA is the Prime Minister.
The LRA provides impartial and confidential employment relations advice to employers, employees and trade unions.
The Gibraltar Archives were established in 1969 following Gibraltar's first constitution.
The Authority is also charged with providing an integrated transportation system to Puerto Rico and its people.
The remarks of Sir John Sawers primarily focused on the relationship between the need for secrecy and the goal of maintaining security within the UK.
The current counsel, Ralph V. Seep, was appointed by Speaker John Boehner, effective June 2, 2011.
From 1946 to 1991 under the authority of The Ministry of Internal Affairs of the USSR.
It is an attached office of the Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare, Government of India.
The department was abolished in 1987, with all major functions taken up by the newly created Ministry of Housing and Construction.
The current Finance Minister is Moshe Kahlon.
The Members are appointed for three-year terms, although they continue to serve until they are replaced.
The Fiscal Information Agency is the agency of the Ministry of Finance of the Taiwan.
Central Organization for Standardization and Quality Control is an agency of the Government of Iraq which promotes standardization and quality control.
The Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission is an independent regulatory agency that was founded in 2011 by the Constitution of Kenya.
It is an attached department of the Ministry of Post and Telecommunication.
Transport Canada has its offices in Ottawa, Ontario.
It is one of the 27 component organizations of the NIH, which is in turn part of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
The Minister of Industry and Trade is Abdallah Kigoda.
The NACTA 2013 Act sets up the framework of the organization.
Its present administration is headed by Dr. Denizon P. Domingo as acting city schools division superintendent of DepEd Ilagan City.
When authorized by the President, he shall also represent government owned or controlled corporations.
Te Puni Kōkiri is the public service department of New Zealand charged with advising the government on policies and issues affecting the Māori community.
Part of the DNR's management responsibility includes monitoring of mining cleanup, environmental restoration, providing scientific information about earthquakes, landslides, and ecologically sensitive areas.
The department is currently led by the Secretary of Agriculture, nominated by the President of the Philippines and confirmed by the Commission on Appointments.
The agency used to report to the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology.
USAID operates in Africa, Asia, Latin America, the Middle East, and Eastern Europe.
Key insurance industries it regulates include health insurance, auto insurance, homeowners insurance, and life insurance.
The Ministry and its political executive, the Communications Minister, are headquartered in the Cabinet Secretariat, Islamabad Capital Venue.
The Ministry of Higher Education, Science and Technology is a ministry of the Government of South Sudan.
At least three of the commissioners must be federal judges, and no more than four may belong to the same political party.
The Marine Department acts as the port authority.
The fund is intended to the develop the halal industry and Bumiputera entrepreneurs in Malaysia for international markets.
Flood control and watershed management services are provided to all of the county except the Antelope Valley.
The LBDC maintains the Legislative Retrieval System containing the full record of Legislature activity, for which it charges $2500 per session for access.
Its main responsibilities are counter-intelligence, internal and border security, counter-terrorism, and surveillance.
The agency is responsible for formulating foreign policies, decisions, foreign affairs documents, and statements in regard to the FRS.
The Commission consists of 17 members representing State government, local government and the public.
Since 2011, NASA has been criticized for low cost efficiency, achieving little results in return for high development costs.
In addition, a number of the earliest high-profile space missions were planned and designed on-site.
The ministry is primarily concerned with promoting economic growth and activities throughout Pakistan.
The Office of the President of Azerbaijan is the executive administration of President of Azerbaijan.
It was originally created by the Arkansas General Assembly in 1899 and limited to regulating the railroad.
The unit operates under the Crime & Security Branch, based at Garda Headquarters in the Phoenix Park, Dublin, and also works from Harcourt Street, Dublin.
the Secretary, Department of Supply and Shipping who was Chairman of the Board;
The Metal-Nonmetal Mine Safety and Health division covers six regions of the United States.
collect revenue that may be imposed under any other legislation, as agreed on between SARS and an organ of state or institution entitled to the revenue;
had the biggest intelligence gathering capabilities in Argentina, as it counts with numerous delegations within Argentina as well as foreign operational bases and delegations.
In 1965 the foundation provided for two operating federal agencies: the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities.
Financial Services and the Treasury Bureau or FSTB is a part of the twelve policy bureaux for the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.
The rest of the board is made up of experienced trade unionists and industry and employment law specialists.
Appeared in 2010 under President Rustem Khamitov.
The Boston Housing Authority is a public agency of the city of Boston, Massachusetts that provides subsidized public housing to low- and moderate-income families and individuals.
It oversees environmental stewardship, species at risk, forestry, and related matters.
Pursuing media outreach, enabling Americans everywhere to hear directly from key Department officials through local, regional and national media interviews;
All investigations aim to find underlying causes and to improve safety; criminal investigation is not part of AIBN's mandate.
The Department is the lead agency for economic development in the state.
The Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Industry the Hon Bob Baldwin
APRA's authority and scope is determined pursuant to the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority Act, 1998.
North Region: Apache, Coconino and Navajo counties
It was created in 2014 after the Construction and Establishments Service was reorganized, due to the Defence Agreement 2013-17.
The Ministry of Cultural Heritage and Activities and Tourism is the culture ministry of the Italian Republic.
The Nature Conservation Act 1992 and Marine Parks Act 2004 provide guiding legislation for the service.
Ashish Bahuguna is the current Chairperson for FSSAI and Pawan Kumar Agarwal is the current Chief Executive Officer for FSSAI.
Although often called a monopoly, it was actually a monopsony since it was the only buyer of wheat and barley.
The Central Board of Film Certification is the other important functionary under this ministry being responsible for the regulation of motion pictures broadcast in India.
The Irish Maritime Development Office is located in Harcourt Street, Dublin.
The incumbent minister is Cirino Hiteng Ofuho.
Serving as an intelligence and counter-intelligence agency, it dealt with any activity that could possibly be considered anti-state or western influence.
HHC facilities treat nearly one-fifth of all general hospital discharges and more than one third of emergency room and hospital-based clinic visits in New York City.
The DGE operates within the New Jersey Department of Law and Public Safety in the office of the New Jersey Attorney General.
In 2009-10 the Commission cost the central government £28m to run, with the remainder of its income coming from audit fees charged to local public bodies.
Successful applicants were eligible for a government subsidy, paying for tuition, books, uniforms, and a stipend.
The DNR has about 1,400 permanent employees, and over 1,600 seasonal employees.
The ministry were renamed the Ministry of Economics in 1956 and the minister became known as Minister in charge of Economics instead of treasurer.
In addition to enforcing regulations and sponsoring ecological research, the Ministry manages the national parks of South Korea.
The mandate of the ministry is "To meet the energy needs of the Rivers State population and maximize their participation in the upstream/downstream sectors."
It is a division within the Communities Cohesion Group of the Department for Communities.
The Ministry has developed a self-assessment mechanism, the Performance Contact, to facilitate delivery of services within predetermined targets.
The Board, in turn, appoints an Executive Director to administer the agency.
The agency does not manage customs which is managed by the Ministry of Finance.
Counter-terrorism branches of the police are tasked with anti-terrorist operations and high profile apprehensions.
The minister with overall responsibility for the department is the Minister of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs.
The ATO has responsibility for administering the Australian federal taxation system, superannuation legislation, and other associated matters.
The law also opposes the militarization of space.
Capuchin monkeys and tufted-eared marmosets are also frequently seen in the Botanical Gardens.
The Department of Telecommunications and Postal Services is one of the departments of the South African government.
The agency also dispatches foreign affairs representatives to other countries.
The Ministry of Science and Technology administers Burma's science and technology research and development affairs.
The Office was created in 1974 when the provisions of Title II, sec.
General Department of Civil Aviation of Armenia is a government agency of Armenia.
Scotland’s sheriffs deal with most civil and criminal cases.
The department is headed by a senior minister who has cabinet ranking as per Indian Cabinet Protocol Laws.
The Imperial Naval Office was a government agency of the German Empire.
Today KUFPEC operates in several locations of Australia, Africa, Asia, and Middle East.
The current agency was created by the Constitution of Puerto Rico in 1952.
The Ministry of Economy and Planning is one of the governmental bodies of Saudi Arabia and part of the cabinet.
Risk Management: develops, implements, and maintains monitoring programs for collecting the revenue due the Federal Government and protecting the public, and ensures resources are effectively used.
Several enterprises were thought to be administered by its predecessor COSTIND:
In turn, it was supplanted by the Department of Information and Communications Technology.
The ISOO is a component of the National Archives and Records Administration and receives policy and program guidance from the National Security Council.
The CSLB licenses and regulates contractors in 44 classifications that constitute the construction industry.
DPIPWE's responsibilities also include maintaining the security of land tenure, administration of much of the state's Crown lands and delivery of government services through Service Tasmania.
The Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics is the official
The New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development is a governmental agency of the U.S. state of New Jersey.
It also manages Lahore's parks and green areas.
The department is led by the Director of Marine, Mr HP Liu, who reports to the Secretary for Economic Development and Labour.
The Department was created in 1937, simultaneous with the new Constitution replacing the Irish Free State's 1922 Constitution.
The independent agency investigates accidents and makes safety recommendations in four modes of transportation: aviation, rail, marine and pipelines.
It falls under the Ministry of Health and Social Affairs and works to promote public health and to prevent illness and injuries through education.
Under the Australian Constitution, South Australia ceded legislative and judicial supremacy to the Commonwealth, but retained powers in all matters not in conflict with the Commonwealth.
The Department is managed by the State Superintendent of Schools, a publicly elected position currently held by Richard Woods.
The former undersecretary, Emre Taner, says that this is no longer the case.
14 referral laboratories notified by FSSAI, 72 State/UT laboratories located throughout India and 112 laboratories are NABL accredited private laboratories notified by FSSAI.
The Strategic Plan sets out what the Ministry is and what it does.
In its role as regulator, it regulates Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and the 11 Federal Home Loan Banks.
Its offices are located in Dar es Salaam.
The Ministry of Justice is the ministry that is responsible for the Judiciary of Somalia.
"The Authority’s head offices are currently situated at KAA Complex, JKIA in Nairobi."
It has its headquarters in Bucharest and produces the coins in circulation in Romania, commemorative medals, and the civil and military orders.
The gaming commission is also overseen by the department and is responsible for monitoring bingo and riverboat gambling operations.
Among other things it provided intelligence during the Mau Mau Uprising.
The Central Election Commission is the permanent statutory agency responsible for managing local and national elections in the Republic of China.
It was also referred to as Project 908.
Administered under the Department of National Defence, it is responsible for foreign signals intelligence and protecting Canadian government electronic information and communication networks.
The Small and Medium Enterprise Administration is the administrative agency of the Ministry of Economic Affairs of the Taiwan responsible for small and medium-sized enterprises-related affairs.
The ministry was in charge of all Soviet military forces reorganization on the territory of Ukrainian jurisdiction.
In addition to regulating financial and ancillary services, the DFSA is responsible for supervising and enforcing anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing requirements applicable in the DIFC.
The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Department of Minerals Development is concerned with Minerals Development in the Pakistan province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
The Department is also responsible for the reclamation of land disturbed by mining operations.
Épargne Placements Québec is an administrative unit of the Ministère des Finances du Québec.
Recently the government has established the National Mission on Libraries India under this ministry.
Its focus is on health, education, drinking water, housing and roads.
The various collections housed at the Library Commission are used to serve librarians, state employees, seekers of government information, and visually handicapped Nebraskans.
The Queensland Ambulance Service provides emergency response services, pre-hospital patient care, specialised transport services, coordination of aero-medical services and inter-hospital transfers.
Andrew is a former Liberal member of the Australian House of Representatives from March 1983 to October 2004.
The State Investigation and Protection Agency is the official state police agency of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The then Federal Government wanted to combine environmental authority under a new minister in order to face new environmental challenges more effectively.
It is presided over by the County Board President, currently Toni Preckwinkle.
Until October 2006, the Commission was known as the State Electoral Office.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is the Andorran government ministry which oversees the foreign relations of Andorra.
It is headed by the President of the Philippines as chairman of the NEDA board, with the Secretary of Socio-Economic Planning, concurrently NEDA Director-General, as vice-chairman.
The primary aim of the Swedish Schools Inspectorate is to contribute to school improvement and development.
It is the administrative and executive body of the Spanish Armed Forces.
The Ministry of Irrigation and Water Resources is a ministry of the Government of South Sudan.
As of 2014, the Commissioner of NTA is Mitsutaka Inagaki.
NCPC works with the Intelligence Community to identify critical intelligence gaps in counter-proliferation collection or analysis and then develops solutions to help close those gaps.
The ministry was formed in May 2007 when some functions of the Home Secretary were combined with the Department for Constitutional Affairs.
EMBC is administered under the Emergency Program Act.
DCA licenses more than 81,000 businesses in more than 50 industries and enforces key consumer protection, licensing, and workplace laws that apply to countless more.
The Attorney General is the chief law enforcement/legal officer and lawyer for Arkansas.
It is a tax-exempt, government-owned and government-controlled corporation of the Philippines, and is attached to the Department of Health.
under the Ministry of Industry and Energy mandated by the Cabinet of Ministers.
Arthur Vining "Art" Davis was an American industrialist and philanthropist.
Launched on 1 April 2013, the SAC works for the advancement of Singapore accountancy’s sector and provides for the registration of Chartered Accountants of Singapore.
The agency is also charged with enforcing a variety of whistleblower statutes and regulations.
This work involves ensuring access to the universal service in both electronic communications and postal services.
Justices of the peace handle minor criminal matters.
The Ministry was set up in 1993 and is backed by the Civil Service Law, 1993.
On September 9, 1950, President Truman signed the Executive Order 10161, thus creating the ESA.
Funds are used for informational, educational, and promotional activities in support of the industry’s products, and may not be used for advocacy or lobbying.
The awards are constituted by the State government for the best photography, general reporting and development reporting.
The authority also has 6 regional offices located in Delhi, Guwahati, Mumbai, Kolkata, Cochin, and Chennai.
The Election Commission falls under the purview of the Prime Minister's Department.
IMD is headquartered in New Delhi and operates hundreds of observation stations across India and Antarctica.
The Secretariat of Communications and Transportation of Mexico is the national federal entity that regulates commercial road traffic and broadcasting.
The Minister for the Treasury is Alfred Cannan MHK.
DEQ is chiefly responsible for the environmental policy of Oklahoma.
The head of the Dutch Foreign Ministry is the Minister of Foreign Affairs, currently Bert Koenders.
The Ministry of Social Welfare, Relief and Resettlement is currently led by Win Myat Aye, who was appointed by President Htin Kyaw on 30 March 2016.
Mountjoy House was also the headquarters, until 1922, of the Irish section of the British Ordnance Survey.
Suspicious transactions are financial transactions that there are reasonable grounds to suspect are related to the commission of a money laundering offence.
Efic’s role is to support the growth of Australian companies in their international activities by providing tailored financial solutions when the private market faces constraints.
The Institute is under the supervision of the Ministero della Salute.
Monitor and manage the financial affairs of the Crown.
The ministry is headed by a Minister of Industry, Mrs Atchaka Sibunruang.
The department was established in July 2011.
The Aeronautical Research Council was disbanded in 1979.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is located in the government complex in Givat Ram, Jerusalem.
The beta version of the service was rolled out in February 2015, and launched by the Prime Minister on 1 July 2015.
Its revenue was US$251.94 billion in 2014.
One day later, he formed an interim government called the Croatian State Leadership.
The Philippine Postal Corporation,, abbreviated as PHLPost, is a government-owned and controlled corporation responsible for providing postal services in the Philippines.
The California Department of Conservation is a department within the government of California, belonging to the California Natural Resources Agency.
Property leasing and licensing of surplus railway land
The changes were part of reforms to improve the workers compensation system for employers and injured workers.
It is led by the Minister for Agriculture, Food and the Marine who is assisted by one Minister of State.
The Australian Government Postmaster-General's Department was established at Australia's Federation tasked with responsibility for postal and telegraphic services.
The ZAMG headquarters are located in Vienna, with regional offices in Salzburg, Innsbruck, Graz and Klagenfurt.
In 1913, the commission was spun off from the college and became a government organization.
The Ministry of Justice of the Czech Republic is a government ministry of the Czech Republic.
The National Arts Council of Singapore was established in September 1991 "to nurture the arts and make it an integral part of life in Singapore."
The Malaysian Highway Authority is a statutory body under the Malaysian Ministry of Works.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs coordinates the activities of the executive power bodies of the Republic in international arena.
The agency is headed by a Chairman, who is appointed by, and continues to hold office at the discretion of, the President.
The Danish Defence Estates and Infrastructure Organisation, is a Level.I authority, directly under the Danish Ministry of Defence.
Its headquarters are in the Seoul Government Complex in Jongno District, Seoul.
to win up to $1 million of research and development services, receiving over 100 entries.
The Assistant Minister for Agriculture and Water Resources is Senator the Hon Anne Ruston.
The current director general is Jon Lomøy.
The Authority also promotes education, training and research in the field.
The result is that various parties, e.g., the State, other businesses and consumers, have borne the cost of this misbehaviour and the associated business risks.
It operates the Illinois Century Network, a network to provide internet access to state agencies, schools, universities, public libraries, and museums.
Temporary Assistance for Needy Families is one of the United States of America's federal assistance programs.
The Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation is an independent state law enforcement agency of the government of Oklahoma.
State Organization for Marketing of Oil is an Iraqi national company responsible for marketing Iraq's oil.
The Office of Nuclear Reactor Regulation, usually known by the acronym NRR, is a subordinate part of the United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
The marketplace operates a web site for small business owners.
The High Council of Justice is a constitutional authority in Albania headed by the President.
The main sources of funds for the department's activities are forestry and geoduck harvesting, rather than taxes.
AGS is the official provincial geological survey of Alberta.
It is currently part of the Cabinet-level California Labor and Workforce Development Agency.
The State Planning Committee, commonly known as Gosplan, was the agency responsible for central economic planning in the Soviet Union.
The General Intelligence Presidency; , also known as the General Intelligence Directorate is the primary intelligence agency of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
The Mandalay City Development Committee is the administrative body of Mandalay, the second largest city in Myanmar.
The ministry is currently headed by Sozar Subari.
VicTrack also carries out a range of commercial activities on railway land including:
The current Minister for the Interior is Wolfgang Sobotka.
The Ministry of Works is a government ministry of Tanzania.
95% of activities are funded by the supervised entities and the remainder by the Bank of Finland.
The department manages Queensland's approximately 33,000 km state-controlled road network, which includes more than 6,500 bridges and major culverts.
The first Basque Government was created in 1936, upon the approval of its first Statute of Autonomy on October 1.
The Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Larkana is an educational board in Sindh.
The Department of Commerce was established in 1987 during the term of Governor Henry Bellmon.
The department manages funding and testing for local educational agencies accountable for student achievement.
The ministry has its own building called Wisma Putra.
It performs many of the same functions as the Texas Department of Transportation, but is limited solely to facilities that it operates for revenue.
CalBRE is in the California Department of Consumer Affairs, itself within the California Business, Consumer Services, and Housing Agency.
Its official motto is "Independence, Neutrality, Truthfulness, Justice, and Transparency".
Define problems and guide public health action.
Its name was changed in 1994 during the presidency of Bill Clinton to reflect its broader mission.
RTÜK, short for, is the Turkish state agency for monitoring, regulating, and sanctioning radio and television broadcasts.
The Bureau of Intelligence and Research is part of the U.S. Intelligence Community.
Jim Belles is the Meteorologist-In-Charge of this office.
The National Mine Map Repository[1] is part of the United States Department of the Interior, Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement.
The day-to-day administration of the service is the responsibility of the Chief Executive and the Executive Directors of the Service.
The headquarters of the authority are located in Panchkula, Haryana.
The Liberia Institute of Statistics and Geo-Information Services is an agency of the Liberian government.
It also manages irrigation projects in Egypt, such as the Aswan Dam and Al-Salam Canal.
The Department of Water and Sanitation was established in May 2014 by President Jacob Zuma with former Gauteng Premier Nomvula Mokonyane becoming the first Minister.
The Defense Information School, or DINFOS, is a United States Department of Defense school located at Fort George G. Meade, Maryland.
It is led by the Minister for Housing, Planning, Community and Local Government who is assisted by two Ministers of State.
These meetings provide the public an opportunity to testify on agenda items and other issues.
The ministry is located in Monrovia, Liberia's capital.
This includes ongoing operations and maintenance as well as planning for future needs of the state and its citizens.
These include Brazil’s largest botanical library and collections of dried fruits, rare Brazilian plants, and many photographs.
TRIDA was constituted in the year 1980 under the Travancore Town Planning Act.
The facility consists of a series or connected buildings surrounded by a white wall with barbed wire.
There is a consensus among economists that "the CBO has historically issued credible forecasts of the effects of both Democratic and Republican legislative proposals."
Department of Land Records & Consolidation, Haryana is a Ministry and department of the Government of Haryana in India.
The Ministry of Health and Social Welfare is a government ministry of Tanzania.
The Office for Health Standards and Compliance was established in 2014.
"The stated goal of public building programs was to end the depression or, at least, alleviate its worst effects," sociologist Robert D. Leighninger asserted.
Establish a public health presence in city neighborhoods.
There is an important research center, which includes the most complete library in the country specializing in botany with over 32,000 volumes.
It has the responsibility of maintaining and enforcing national standards under a variety of environmental laws, in consultation with state, tribal, and local governments.
Housefed has built housing societies in Mohali, Bathinda, Ludhiana, SBS Nagar, Banur and Jalandhar.
It was created in 2010 and is responsible for "formulation, monitoring[,] and evaluation of labour, labour market, social security[,] and employment policies."
The Development Bureau is an agency of the Government of Hong Kong responsible for urban planning and renewal, land administration, housing, infrastructure development and heritage conservation.
The New York City Department of Consumer Affairs is an agency of the Government of New York City.
County jailers and public security officers are also regulated by TCOLE.
It does not produce paper money; that responsibility belongs to the Bureau of Engraving and Printing.
The Air Accidents Investigation Branch investigates air accidents in the United Kingdom.
Administrative law judges and agency staff adjudicate most cases, with the five-member Board serving as a final arbiter.
The 33 member countries include the 28 European Union Member States together with Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, Switzerland and Turkey.
The main office of the NHDOT is located in the J.O.
The Maryland Emergency Management Agency is a state of Maryland agency organized within the Maryland Military Department.
As of 2014 that Minister is Sikandar Bosan and the Parliamentary Secretary For National Food Security & Research is Mr. Rajab Ali Khan Baloch.
The Office of Insular Affairs is a unit of the United States Department of the Interior that oversees federal administration of several United States possessions.
In addition, it is responsible for oversight of all executive branch agencies.
The ministry was formally renamed the Bundesministerium der Justiz in 1949.
Prior to this responsibilities for environmental issues were distributed among the ministries of the Interior, Agriculture and Health.
The DGSI is headed by General Director Patrick Calvar.
The company is headquartered in Dnipro, and reports to the State Space Agency of Ukraine.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation is the foreign ministry of the government of the Republic of Italy.
The only minister to head the ministry was Nyamko Sabuni who served as Minister for Gender Equality and as Minister for Integration.
CSLB's headquarters office receives and processes applications for new licenses, additional classifications, changes of license records, and license renewals.
The Marine Department is also responsible for co-ordinating search and rescue operations in the waters around Hong Kong:
It is a letter issued on 28 January 1189 by Pope Clement III to all clergymen in Norway.
Today, Israel is the smallest country with indigenous launch capabilities.
It is responsible for financing, management and operations of public ports throughout the Philippines, except the port of Cebu, which is under the Cebu Ports Authority.
The department has grown to an authorized strength of 266 officers and 10 civilians.
12 of 2003, is an independent Authority for the postal, broadcasting and electronic communications industries in the United Republic of Tanzania.
The legislation governing company registration matters is the Companies Act 2006.
ITSA ceased to exist in 2000, following the outsourcing of the majority of its functions and staff to Electronic Data Systems.
Ecma is a standards organization for information and communication systems.
At the time of its disestablishment, the Ministry served seven ministerial portfolios and two associate ministerial portfolios.
The Forward Markets Commission is the chief regulator of commodity futures markets in India.
It formed on July 22, 1952 by Decree No.
Diplomas in a specialized area of study, for example Biomedical Science, are awarded after completing 3 years of studies.
The Pittsburgh Parking Authority is a municipal authority that owns and operates public parking facilities in Pittsburgh.
The Intelligence Bureau, is a civilian intelligence agency in Pakistan.
The space center is currently controlled by the SUPARCO.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is the principal governmental department in charge of foreign relations in Thailand.
The logo connected to this scheme is used at home and abroad.
The Scrutiny wing is entrusted with the feedback activities.
In matters regarding Norway’s International Climate and Forest Initiative, Norad reports to the Norwegian Ministry of Climate and Environment.
Tax Centres cover the entire country but Danish citizens can in principle apply to any tax center.
The Board administers the University Entrance Examination.
The Commissariat, and later the Ministry, prepared the state budget in a joint process with its republican and local branches.
The Mangere Refugee Resettlement Centre is the central processing and assessment location for all refugees who arrive in New Zealand.
The Postal Reorganization Act was signed by President Richard Nixon on August 12, 1970.
improve the quality of life of cancer patients and their carers
It moved to its current location at Lille Strandgt.
DfE was renamed in 2016; it was previously called the Department for Enterprise, Trade and Investment.
Royal Canadian Mounted Police External Review Committee
The head of the Department is the Secretary of Commerce, who is appointed by the Governor, with the approval of the Kansas Senate.
Since then, safety has been an important concern.
Over 280 scientists, physicians, educators, pilots, technicians, and administrative personnel work at CAMI.
ARS also has six major human nutrition research centers that focus on solving a wide spectrum of human nutrition questions by providing authoritative, peer-reviewed, science-based evidence.
The archive is part of the Ministry of Culture.
The Corps was supervised by the United States Public Health Service, whose duty was to train young women as nurses during the war.
In 1997 it deployed six times as many agents in foreign countries as the SVR, the successor of the KGB's foreign operations directorate.
The Generalitat had responsibility for an annual budget of €24 billion in 2006, rising to €33 billion in 2010.
It is involved in connecting with citizens and gathering feedback on major issues.
The authority was established pursuant to the Sydney Water Catchment Management Act, 1998.
Key initiatives include FedRAMP, Cloud.gov, the USAGov platform, Data.gov, Performance.gov, and Challenge.gov.
It was the second so-named Australian Government department.
Corrections Victoria works in partnership with other government and non-government justice and human services agencies in regard to inmates in custody and offenders in the community.
The function of the CHRB is to watch over authorized California horse races to protect the public from fraudulent operations.
It is responsible for restricting access to any media of which the government in Tehran does not approve.
Slovenská informačná služba is an intelligence agency of the government of Slovakia.
Implementation of Conference recommendations may be accomplished by direct action on the part of the affected agencies or through legislative changes.
The institution was founded in 2000 and adopted its current legal mandate on 1 July 2016.
the Human Sciences Research Council, which focuses its research on human health and disease.
The Majlis is headed by a Council, in which members are appointed by the President of Singapore.
The Philippine Department of Agriculture, is the executive department of the Philippine government responsible for the promotion of agricultural and fisheries development and growth.
The North East Texas Regional Mobility Authority is a Regional Mobility Authority covering several counties in the U.S. state of Texas.
IIS often worked closely with the Iraqi General Security Directorate when conducting domestic activities.
Provincial CNTA offices in each Chinese province report to the central office in Beijing.
The Group's other role is to help Filipinos understand government policies and programs, and to shore up support for them.
The agency owns more than 2200 buildings including high, mid, and low-rise apartments, townhomes and houses.
The present Commissioner is Richard T. Hammer, who was appointed in October 2015.
The Commission is governed by a Board of Directors and its Chairman reports to the Council of Ministers.
In 2014 SSLC results are announced on April.
The force was first established as a centralized organisation uniting the municipal, city, and rural uniformed police that had been organised on a state-by-state basis.
It was created on February 29, 2008.
IER aim is to rehabilitate the victims, and pay compensation for state outrages against them.
Their service uniform and beret color is Khaki and wear black combat boots.
DIA has a tradition of marking unclassified deaths of its employees on the organization's Memorial Wall.
The Ministry of Posts, Telecommunications and Information Technology is a Bangladeshi government ministry.
It regulates the province's financial markets and provides assistance to consumers of financial products and services.
As Thailand is an agricultural country with a strong agrarian tradition, the ministry is one of the most important departments in the government.
In fiscal year 2015, PBGC paid $5.6 billion in benefits to participants of failed single-employer pension plans.
Frostating has 18 judges, and stems back to the tradition thing of Frostating created in the mid 10th century.
The campaign was supported by some Labour Party councillors and the Palestine Solidarity Campaign
For the Admiralty Board of Imperial Russia, see Admiralty Board.
The Legislature created the service in 1915.
The Department of Territories was an Australian government department that existed between May 1951 and February 1968.
It was built and leased to NASA by Joseph L. Smith & Associates, Inc.
Part of the ministry are the police, fire brigade, and prison services.
Another of NHTSA's major activities is the creation and maintenance of the data files maintained by the National Center for Statistics and Analysis.
Recreation is also important, with several outdoor activities being actively promoted.
Vocational Education is controlled by the Ministry of Labour, Invalids, and Social Affairs.
The Comptroller and Auditor General or C&AG is an office established by the States of Jersey, under the Public Finances Law 2005.
It is located in College Park, Maryland.
Within the Homeland Security Advanced Research Projects Agency, BMD develops tools and technologies that improve the security of the United States's land borders and waterways.
It was the body responsible for telecommunications regulation, antitrust enforcement and allocation of the radio frequency portion of the electromagnetic spectrum.
It was created from the merging of Revenue Canada with Canada Customs.
Ministry of Agriculture is ministry that oversee the development of agriculture in Indonesia.
Provisions to achieve this were contained in the Serious Crime Act 2007.
The current Director General of the Lebanese Civil Defence is General Khattar.
The EEA is responsible for developing the network and coordinating its activities.
In 1973, the Commission was integrated into the Department of Economic Security.
It had its headquarters in Álvaro Obregón, Mexico City.
There is no set term limit; the Secretary serves at the pleasure of the Governor.
It is a member of the Port Management Association of Eastern and Southern Africa.
The department is headed by the Principal Officer who is also Registrar of Ships and Superintendent of Light Houses in Pakistan.
It is appointed by law to preserve the national interests overseas and to be part of the National Security System.
In these instances, OEA may provide technical and financial assistance to State and local governments to achieve compatible land use and development activities near Defense facilities.
The position of minister has been held by Tareq Qabil since 19 September 2015.
There has been some controversy surrounding the methods of the parole board following the Michael Ballard murders.
The Allentown Parking Authority is responsible for both off and on-street parking within the City of Allentown, Pennsylvania.
The Economics and Statistics Administration is an agency within the United States Department of Commerce that analyzes, disseminates, and reports on national economic and demographic data.
The oldest and most popular draw is the twice-weekly Lotto draw which boasts a top prize pool of NZ$1 million.
The Office is responsible for collecting, processing, presenting and analysing statistical information concerning the topics economy, society and environment.
The Privacy Commissioner oversees personal information held by agencies in both the public and private sectors.
In total there are nine sites all over Germany: Berlin, Bonn, Dresden, Göttingen, Magdeburg, Munich, Rostock / Greifswald, Tübingen and Witten.
The ministry is a dependent entity directly under the President of Venezuela.
On 11 March 2016, the Aadhaar Act, 2016 was passed in the Lok Sabha.
The RSD had the power to request assistance from any other SS organisations and take command of all Ordnungspolizei in its role protecting the Nazi functionaries.
Charter schools are overseen by the District of Columbia Public Charter School Board.
The Department of Employment and Industrial Relations was an Australian government department that existed between December 1975 and December 1978.
Its headquarters are in Chaoyang District, Beijing.
The company is responsible to the Ministry of Communications and Information Technology.
Its main mission, however, is to prevent crime, and not to investigate them.
The Chancellor of Justice is a Swedish government agency charged with representing the Government of Sweden in various legal matters as the government's ombudsman.
Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada is the department of the government of Canada with responsibility for matters dealing with immigration to Canada, refugees, and Canadian citizenship.
The SEQ Water Grid Manager, a former statutory authority of the Government of Queensland, was in operation between 2008 and 2012.
Iraqi State Company for Maritime Transport is the Iraqi national maritime transportation company.
USICH is made up of a small team headquartered in Washington, DC, led by Executive Director Matthew Doherty.
Land & Water Australia has a legacy of innovative, high impact and important research.
It conducts its own scientific research through its Intramural Research Program and provides major biomedical research funding to non-NIH research facilities through its Extramural Research Program.
NBI Headquarters has been situated in the city of Vantaa since 1994 with field offices in Tampere, Joensuu, Oulu, Turku and Rovaniemi.
The ministry was created in 2006 by Government Notice No.
The agency also has an expert advisory role when the Government prepares new statutory provisions.
Mussolini's secret police were assigned to stop any anti-Fascist activity or sentiment.
The National Civil Aviation Administration, otherwise known by its local initialism ANAC, is the civil aviation authority of Argentina.
Saurabh Chandra, IAS is the Secretary of the Ministry.
The New Zealand Parliament also fully funds its AM Network, for the broadcast of Parliamentary proceedings.
The Oklahoma Water Resources Board is an agency in the government of Oklahoma under the Governor of Oklahoma.
New York State Division of Housing and Community
This mission supports counter-terrorism, counter-insurgency and other related mission areas including Counter-IED.
The Australian Customs Service, was an Australian Government agency responsible for Australian border protection, duties and taxes between 1985 and 2009.
EPA will soon open an additional office in Exhibition Street, Melbourne.
As of June 2012 the Minister of Economic Development is Ebrahim Patel and his deputy is Madala Masuku.
Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam, also known as DHBVN Limited is an Indian state owned electric utility company.
Bòrd na Gàidhlig is the executive non-departmental public body of the Scottish Government with responsibility for Gaelic.
The National Physical Laboratory of India, situated in New Delhi, is the measurement standards laboratory of India.
The Ministry of Labour, Solidarity and Social Security is a Portuguese government ministry.
Mike Morath, a member of the Dallas Independent School District's board of trustees, was appointed commissioner of education by Texas Gov.
The military affairs espionage counterpart is the GRU.
The Office of the Auditor General is an independent government body that serves as the auditor of the Government of Burma.
The American Hospital Association credited the cadet student nurses with helping to prevent the collapse of civilian nursing during the war.
NBI's main tasks are to counter organized crime, investigate offences thereto, provide expert services, and develop methods for criminal investigation.
SEBIN is an internal security force subordinate to the Ministry of Popular Power for Interior, Justice and Peace.
Its elected President till August 2012 was Prof Syed Sibtul Hasnain and Registrar is Dr. Ahmad Nadeem Akbar.
The head of the agency was changed from President to Executive Director.
Among its primary missions is ensuring adequate public funding for non-profit cultural organizations, both large and small, throughout the five boroughs.
In 1977, ERDA was combined with the Federal Energy Administration to form the United States Department of Energy.
The agency's broad powers allowed it to actively intervene in politics.
The Department works to develop and sustain diverse, profitable food and fibre industries, and ensures best practice management of natural resources.
Its role had previously been performed by the Office of Road Inquiry, Office of Public Roads and the Bureau of Public Roads.
It also distributes federal/state redevelopment and housing grants.
The CEQ website was removed upon President Trump's inauguration.
DMH's headquarters is located on Vermont Avenue in Koreatown, Los Angeles, California.
It is under the supervision of the MESR.
There were four HPA centres – at Porton Down in Salisbury, Chilton in Didcot, South Mimms in Hertfordshire, and Colindale in NW London.
The Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute is the Dutch national weather forecasting service, which has its headquarters in De Bilt, in the province of Utrecht, Netherlands.
The duration of a project may vastly exceed the prime mission, and money spent on a project during its lifetime may vastly exceed the original budget.
The hospital is located on a 90-acre campus on New Castle Road in Butler Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania.
Iran ranks third in the world in oil reserves and second in gas reserves.
Services operate on Sydney Harbour and the Parramatta River.
The organisation was established to construct and manage non-profit housing for serving and retired employees of the Union Government of India and their families.
It was established on 14 October 2003.
In March of 2017, a proposal to eliminate all federal funding for the program was put forward by the Trump administration.
From 1991 to January 2017, Investors in People was owned by the UK government.
It is currently headed by two Ministers – Ng Chee Meng and Ong Ye Kung – overseeing education from Primary 1 to tertiary institutions.
Irish Aid is a division of the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade and is managed by its Development Co-Operation Division.
The Singapore Examinations and Assessment Board is a statutory board under the Ministry of Education of Singapore.
The Ministry of Roads and Highways is the Government of Ghana ministry responsible for road construction and road maintenance in Ghana.
The Moroccan Airports Authority is the Moroccan airport operator and administrator.
The Ministry of Health is a government ministry which organise public health affairs within the Indonesian government.
The service is directed to protect British parliamentary democracy and economic interests, and counter terrorism and espionage within the UK.
Goddard Space Flight Center is NASA's first, and oldest, space center.
The holder of the title was equivalent to the supreme commander of the Army.
It also advises the Governments of Union Territories on industrial and other sources of water and air pollution.
To date, the Minister of Oil and Mineral Resources of Turkmenistan is Muhammetnur Halylov.
The Health Minister of the State of Palestine is Dr. Hani Abdeen.
The head of the is the Egyptian Minister of Foreign Affairs while its director general is ambassador Ahmed Darwish who is considered the real manager.
The word sinchi, is a word in Quechua that means "strong" or "fierce".
It is one of only a handful of converged communications regulators in the world.
It was created under Presidential Decree nº 9/96, of August 28, 1996.
It was designed by the famous Bulgarian architectural team Vasilyov-Tsolov and completed in the period 1939–45.
This service is part of a nationwide network of cooperating libraries headed by the National Library Service, a division of the Library of Congress.
The Defence Science and Technology Laboratory is an executive agency of the Ministry of Defence of the United Kingdom.
The Constitutional and Mainland Affairs Bureau is an agency of the Government of Hong Kong responsible for the implementation of the Basic Law.
Made up of seven members, its independence is guaranteed by the 1992 Ghana constitution.
Elections New Brunswick reports annually to the legislative assembly and is charged with implementing the Election Act, Municipal Elections Act, and the Political Process Financing Act.
The Department of Rural Development and Panchayat Raj of state of Tamil Nadu is one of the Department of Government of Tamil Nadu
The 2011 budget was 31.7 billion euros.
Its chief executive is Jim Mackey and its Chair is Ed Smith.
The APU holds annual conferences in order to further its goals and also organizes parliamentary meetings in cooperation with International Organizations or Institutions.
NAP is also responsible for the facilitation of important state documents and collections of dated files.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare holds cabinet rank as a member of the Council of Ministers.
The Administrative Office of the United States Courts is the administrative agency of the United States federal court system.
In recent years, many countries and regions have created industrial development authorities modeled on IDA Ireland to encourage FDI and economic growth.
DHS-ST serves as the research and development arm of the Department as it fulfills its national security mission.
The AIHW values objectivity, responsiveness, accessibility, privacy, expertise, and innovation.
The United States Office of Personnel Management is an independent agency of the United States government that manages the civil service of the federal government.
ECGD was established in 1919 to promote UK exports lost during the submarine blockade of World War I.
The department was initially known as the Department of Higher and Further Education, Training and Employment, between 1999 and 2001.
Attrition rates for cadets were comparable to those reported for other nursing schools in the same period.
The Department's powers are principally drawn from the Education Act, 1990.
The current minister is Milena Harito of the Socialist Party of Albania.
ATF's other functions, dealing with tax collection and regulation of legitimate trade, remained within the Treasury Department and became part of the new TTB.
In addition, other modes of transportation are supervised or supported by PennDOT.
The Department of Defence is the department of the Government of Ireland that is responsible for preserving peace and security in Ireland.
The Minister of Internal Affairs of Azerbaijan is appointed and removed from the post by the Commander-in-chief of the Azerbaijani Armed Forces, the President of Azerbaijan.
The Department of Transport was an Australian government department that existed between December 1993 and March 1996.
The MOH is also involved in the control of illness and disease, coordinating the utilisation of resources and expertise where necessary.
It also does not handle regulation of the money markets or interest rates.
Don Harwin MLC, who is ultimately responsible to the Parliament of New South Wales.
It was the chief government agency of "union-republican jurisdiction", acting as internal security, intelligence, and secret police.
RTÜK was founded in 1994 and is composed of nine members elected by the Grand National Assembly of Turkey.
The head of the department was the Secretary of the Department of Education, Lisa Paul AO PSM, who reported to the Minister for Education, the Hon.
The Holocaust and 45 years of atheistic, Communist governments created a critical need that led to the Commission’s establishment.
The Florida Department of Health is responsible for protecting the public health and safety of the residents and visitors of the state of Florida.
The agency formed part of the Safety, Return to Work and Support Division established pursuant to the Safety, Return to Work and Support Board Act, 2012.
ORD performs intramural research in association with the VA hospitals, and over 70% of its investigators also provide direct patient care.
The Malaysian Meteorological Department is an agency of the Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation.
The BEP does not produce coins; all coinage is produced by the United States Mint.
The Academy is the promotion and development agency for Singapore’s legal industry.
It has approximately 4,400 employees and an annual budget of $68 billion.
Fees paid by these licensees fund DCA operations almost exclusively.
The Ukrainian government also employs the National Agency for Prevention of Corruption which works to prevent corruption by monitoring government officials' lifestyles.
It oversees the South African National Defence Force, the armed forces responsible for defending South Africa.
Iran's annual oil and gas revenues will reach $250 billion by 2015.
The Australian Department of Finance and Deregulation was a Federal Government department that existed between December 2007 and September 2013.
Thirteen interchanges provide access to arterial routes, including the Garden State Parkway, and seven toll barriers control the collection of toll revenues.
The cabinet posted used to be called the Treasurer of Ontario and was changed to be in line with other post in other Canadian provinces.
Michael Huebsch is the current Secretary of Administration.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is responsible for maintaining the Republic of Latvia's external relations and the management of its international diplomatic missions.
The second Minister of International Trade and Industry is Ong Ka Chuan.
It is chaired by the premier and includes the heads of each governmental department and agency.
OEE's mission is to keep the most sensitive goods out of the most dangerous hands.
The former tribunal was established pursuant to Guardianship Act, 1987 and commenced operations on 1 August 1989.
The Centre for Development of Telematics is an Indian Government owned telecommunications technology development centre.
The Department of the Interior was an Australian government department that existed between April 1932 and April 1939.
The agency was dismantled in 2004 in the aftermath of corruption allegations and litigation.
The Uganda Wildlife Authority is one of the governing bodies that regulate wildlife conservation in Uganda.
The current minister is Sim Chol-ho, who was appointed to the post on February 2012.
Currently its Acting minister is Ali Nikzad.
CPIAC also performs research in support of its publication of a series of recurrent technology reviews and state-of-the-art reports in selected technical areas.
The Oklahoma State Election Board is the governing body regarding elections in the state of Oklahoma.
The agency is headquartered in the Macdonald Block in Toronto.
The Oklahoma Secretary of Education is a member of the Oklahoma Governor's Cabinet.
GSA is member of the Procurement G6, an informal group leading the use of framework agreements and e-procurement instruments in public procurement.
The Securities Commission was an independent Crown Entity of the government of New Zealand and the main regulator of investments.
To date, Statistics South Africa has produced three censuses, in 1996, 2001 as well as the results of the 2011 Census were released.
The MDHHS also licenses adult foster care, child day care and child welfare facilities.
The Department of Employment, Education and Training was an Australian government department that existed between July 1987 and March 1996.
The Lieutenant Governor of Oklahoma is the second-highest executive official of the state government of Oklahoma.
The Board's jurisdiction has been confined to the districts of Lahore, Kasur, Okara, Sheikhupura and Nankana Sahib.
On December 7, 2010 Mayor Michael Bloomberg signed legislation officially merging the Department of Juvenile Justice into the Administration for Children's Services.
The annual budget of the Helmholtz Association amounts to more than 3.4 billion euros, of which about 70% is raised from public funds.
State affairs were managed by the Government's Presidency or certain ministries.
           Ernakulam - Ernakulam and Alappuzha
Since 2007 it has managed the eToll toll payment interoperability system operated by Egis Projects.
It is housed in Government House in the capital of Macedonia, Thessaloniki.
With the formation of the Soviet Union in December 1922, a unified organization was required to exercise control over state security throughout the new union.
The department's regulations are contained in the 200 series of the Code of Colorado Regulations.
It is headed by the Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs, who reports to the Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs.
The Ministry of People’s Security gathers information from local informers in social units about irregular acts.
Members of the CCC are referred to as "corpsmembers" or "corpies."
Sudan News Agency, also known as SUNA, is the official news agency of Sudan.
The Drug Control Agency, also called the National Drug Enforcement Agency, is the drug control service of Tajikistan.
Established in 1965, the Ministry now has 50 overseas missions including 7 High Commissions, 21 Embassies, 4 Permanent Missions to the United Nations, and 17 consulates.
It is currently headed by Army General Sérgio Etchegoyen.
The Director is appointed by the Governor of Florida, and serves as an agency head.
The NRA was created by the National Industrial Recovery Act and allowed industries to get together and write "codes of fair competition."
As an investigative unit, all members are experienced investigators, and include trained financial, legal and computer specialists, such as forensic accountants.
The first Chief of the Naval Cabinet was Admiral Baron Gustav von Senden-Bibran.
The current State Superintendent of Public Instruction is Joy Hofmeister.
The Ministry of Finance is a portfolio in the Executive Council of Ontario commonly known as the cabinet.
Law enforcement in Montenegro is primarily the responsibility of the Police Administration.
Archived from the original on 19 November 2013.
Initially located in London, some functions transferred to offices in Birmingham and Nottingham during 2009.
Its mission is to "provide science-based solutions through collaborative partnerships to address evolving economic, environmental, and social pressures on our oceans and coasts."
CSB maintain the National Intelligence Database, which collates intelligence received from all its sources, and is linked to that of G2.
The Ministry of Public Health provides an annual report to inform the public of advancements in Afghanistan's health sector.
The barangay is composed of more or less 300 households in a subsistence agricultural area.
GSA employs about 12,000 federal workers and has an annual operating budget of roughly $26.3 billion.
The Somali Civil Aviation and Meteorology Authority is the national civil aviation authority body of Somalia.
Water from Imperial Dam serves the Yuma, Ariz. region as well as the Imperial Valley.
It was the third so-named Australian Government department.
DTIC acquires approximately 25,000 new documents each year.
The Land Consolidation Engineering Bureau is the agency of the Ministry of the Interior of Republic of China responsible for land rezoning.
The Ministry of Rail Transportation is the Myanmar government ministry which oversees railways in Myanmar.
The Ministry of Education is the governmental body in the Sultanate of Oman responsible for the educational system preceding university education.
The Ministry of Finance also oversees financial legislation and regulation.
The CDC director also serves as the ATSDR administrator, and ATSDR has a joint Office of the Director with the National Center for Environmental Health.
Each jurisdiction also appoints two alternate representatives.
The most directly relevant function to an ordinary civilian is that Supo conducts background checks and gives security clearances to job applicants.
Patricia Howard Fitzgerald is a Judge and Vice Chair and Colleen D. Kiko is a Judge.
The current board chairman is David House, president of Jireh Resources, LLC in Tulsa, OK.
It was formed on 14 July 1964 under the chairmanship of Daulat Singh Kothari, then chairman of the University Grants Commission.
Postal code for Nangarhar are as below:
The System is overseen by a 13-member Board of Trustees, which is responsible for governing the System and appointing the Executive Director to run the System.
The People's Advocate is the Albanian office of the ombudsman, a justice-advising entity for the public.
Good - The expected level for every school in Dubai.
The database was created by the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health.
The MWD headquarters is located at 700 North Alameda Street in downtown Los Angeles, adjacent to historic Union Station.
It also acts as the Philippines' financial intelligence unit and anti-money laundering/counter-terrorism financing regulator.
The Afghan Ministry of Defense is an organ of the Government of Afghanistan, overseeing the Afghan Armed Forces.
The Department of Transportation was formerly known as the South Dakota Department of Highways.
New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation
The OSBI is governed by a seven-member commission, with each member of the commission appointed by the Governor of Oklahoma.
The Ministry of Social Affairs of Lebanon is part of the cabinet.
They provide schools and educational support services from Foundation Stage through to sixth form.
It monitors political dissent and all media outlets, and registered parties are surveilled, too.
The Ministry of Telecommunication and Digital Infrastructure is the central government ministry of Sri Lanka responsible for telecommunication and digital infrastructure.
The organisation's minister, as of June 2014, is Venkaiah Naidu.
The ministry is headed by Mikayil Jabbarov.
The ministry is the employer of over 1,476 employees diversified amongst 105 communities in Saskatchewan.
The collection includes 15 shelf-kilometers of material.
The AO is the central support entity for the federal judicial branch.
:99 It is funded by an obligatory annual contribution from overseas workers and their employers.
The Cancer Institute NSW was established under the Cancer Institute Act, 2003 to lessen the impact of cancer in NSW.
The subcommittee in charge of reappointment was stacked against Leland and coached by Johnson.
Disclosures were required to be made by 20 October each year.
The Special Security Force Command is a paramilitary law enforcement body in Bahrain under the command of the Ministry of the Interior.
Its regulations are compiled in title 4 of the New York Codes, Rules and Regulations.
The Pennsylvania Office of Open Records is a governmental agency in Pennsylvania that administers the Pennsylvania Right to Know Law.
It is the government's over-all technical authority on health.
The NBT is the only institution in Tuvalu that provides foreign exchange transactions.
This model supports interaction and collaboration among clinical researchers.
The Dalian Institute of Chemical Physics, also called Huàwùsuǒ, is a research centre of mainly chemical physics, belonging to the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
The current office in Memphis maintains a WSR-88D radar system, and Advanced Weather Interactive Processing System that greatly improve forecasting in the region.
The site has been primarily designed to meet the needs of small to medium-sized businesses.
The Office lies within the Office of the Governor.
The Secretariat for Human Rights of the Presidency of the Republic is an office attached to the Presidency of Brazil.
The Department of Environment and Forests of State of Tamil Nadu is one of the departments of Government of Tamil Nadu.
Its regulations are compiled in title 42 of the New York City Rules.
Its mandate is to regulate the accounting profession for the protection of the public by establishing and maintaining standards of qualification and conduct within the profession.
The ministry is responsible for agriculture, rural development, food safety and consumer protection, fisheries and aquaculture, and waters administration.
The current director is Lieutenant Governor Mary Taylor.
As of 2016, approximately 15% of the Force is firearms trained which will increase by 2020 to less than 25%.
The Service was, in its present form, founded in 1989, as part of the National Police Board and became an autonomous police agency January 1, 2015.
The minimum age to buy tickets is 18; however, video lottery players must be at least 21.
It is an autonomous Commonwealth agency within the portfolio of the Minister for Foreign Affairs.
The committee consists of 14 people's deputies in the parliament's 8th convocation.
The Oklahoma Office of Educational Quality and Accountability is an agency of the government of Oklahoma.
Hon Lily D’Ambrosio, Minister for Energy, Environment, Climate Change and Suburban Development
Health services have been developed by the ministry of health and its facilities.
It was commonly known by its acronym, "MAF".
Unlike subsistence farming, subsistence homesteading is based on a family member or members having part-time, paid employment.
According to the Administrative Arrangements Order made on 15 December 1993, the Department dealt with:
Specific responsibilities include developing long-range plans for an evolving state system of higher education:
working closely with the cotton industry to eliminate pesticide contamination of waterways
The current Minister of Development, Industry and Foreign Trade is Marcos Pereira.
It was set up in 1968 and is charged with the administration of the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is one of the governmental bodies of Kuwait and part of the cabinet.
The Oklahoma Department of Securities is an agency of the state of Oklahoma.
The ministry supervises the Zakład Ubezpieczeń Społecznych.
Maritime Safety Queensland is a Queensland government agency of the Department of Transport and Main Roads.
The Defense Finance and Accounting Service is an agency of the United States Department of Defense, headquartered in Indianapolis, IN.
Ministry of Urban Development is ministry of Nepal responsible for the development of urban areas in the country.
Its purpose is to benefit the community by distributing the profits from state lotteries run by the New Zealand Lotteries Commission.
In March 2014, CERT-In reported a critical flaw in Android Jelly bean's VPN implementation.
Arts NSW is led by its Executive Director, Mary Darwell, who reports to the Secretary of the Department of Justice, Andrew Cappie-Wood.
In 1969 the GPO was abolished and the assets transferred to The Post Office, changing it from a Department of State to a statutory corporation.
The current higher education trustee position on the board will become an “open” seat at that time.
The ministry's secretary is P. H. L. Wimalasiri Perera.
The institute is managed to integrate scientific and engineering knowledge to address socio-economic needs.
He resigned from the position in September 2015.
The order establishing the EPA was ratified by committee hearings in the House and Senate.
The Ontario Cabinet Office is a ministry of the Government of Ontario.
As of 2011, Gurbanmammet Ylyasov is the minister.
State code requires separation of the five commissioners and an investigatory division.
The agency's mission is to advance California through the arts and creativity.
Prairie and Arctic Storm Prediction Centre, split between an office in Edmonton, Alberta and Winnipeg, Manitoba
In Fiscal Year 2016, net program costs for the department were $273 billion, which includes VBA Actuarial Cost of $106.5 billion for compensation benefits.
The System receives its funding from employer and member contributions, a portion of the state insurance premium tax and returns on investments.
Its main goal is to protect public health and safety through the control and prevention of disease, injury, and disability in the US and internationally.
The office is an independent department in the executive branch of Thailand and is not subject to any other agency.
The agency functions as the landlord for the Swedish Armed Forces, managing various types of military installations.
The office operates two Doppler radars, one in Tulsa, and the other in Fort Smith, Arkansas.
CRS Australia - a DHS business unit providing disability employment services
Carson also created a Division of History and Archaeology within the State Commission of Conservation and Development and started a historical marker program.
The Tribunal is not a court of law; therefore, the Tribunal's recommendations and findings are not binding on the Crown.
The Secretary is appointed by the Governor, with the consent of the Oklahoma Senate, to serve at the pleasure of the Governor.
The ‘custom’ services are inclusive of the individual computing services required to process customer applications.
It is formally part of the Business, Consumer Services and Housing Agency.
It was created by the merger of the National Customs and Tax Administration and the municipal tax administrations.
MIC also manages the 1988 Foreign Investment Law.
The current Minister of Natural Resources is Derrick Dalley.
The agency is responsible for the supply of materiel to the Swedish defence organisation.
The Department of Home Affairs and Environment was an Australian government department that existed between November 1980 and December 1984.
The Ministry of Heritage and Culture is the governmental body in the Sultanate of Oman responsible for promoting and preserving Omani heritage and culture.
The People's Commissariat for Internal Affairs, abbreviated NKVD, was the leading Soviet secret police organization from 1934 to 1946.
He was the highest-ranking unpictured person in the U.S. Army most-wanted Iraqi playing cards.
On January 19, 2010 Bret Schundler was named the Acting Commissioner, and confirmed by the State Senate on March 11, 2010.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Cooperation and Communities is a ministry of the Government of São Tomé and Príncipe.
Keeping People Healthy: Supporting people to live healthier, more active lives and reducing the burden of chronic disease
By the late 1940s, OSSA had induced communities along the river to install sewage treatment plants.
The unorganized militia are subject to call of the Governor under CA Military & Veteran's Code § 128.
The Ministry of Science, Technology, Innovation and Communications is a cabinet-level federal ministry in Brazil.
CYF facilitated the exchange of identifying information for parties to past adoptions.
It was founded on 30 August 1948, with help from the Soviet NKVD.
The Director of the DPC is titled the Assistant to the President and Director of the Domestic Policy Council.
The Vermont Agency of Human Services is a Vermont executive agency.
The Ministry of Defence is the Iraq government agency responsible for defence of Iraq.
overseeing the Government’s investment in science and innovation, and in infrastructure that supports science and innovation
BRIT operates three radiation facilities, one of them a spice and allied products irradiation facility in Vashi and another a "Krushak" radiation processing plant at Nashik.
BERR had a wide range of responsibilities.
This Commission was established on November 25, 2001 under the National Human Rights Commission Act.
However, the IER has also come under attack from parts of the human rights-community, since:
The agency has offices in Sydney, Brisbane, Adelaide, Canberra, Hobart, Darwin and Perth, with its head office located in Melbourne.
It is located adjacent to the University of Guelph campus.
Taiwan's main exports are electronics, computers, telecommunications equipment, industrial design services and creative industries/culture.
Farrow was paid more than $100,000 a year by the Commission while still lobbying for Puerto Rico and Palau, creating a conflict of interest.
The Oklahoma Secretary of Environment is a member of the Oklahoma Governor's Cabinet.
The ministry is responsible for the infrastructural development and service delivery in Ghana's transport industry.
Director General wears the uniform and badges of rank of an army three-star general.
When conducting an inquiry, the ALRC also monitors overseas legal systems to ensure Australia compares favourably with international best practice.
The role of the department is officially given as:
The Ministry of Education provides a semi-annual report to inform the public of advancements in Afghanistan's education sector.
This institute is composed of research scientists, specialists, statisticians, technicians, management, and administrative staff.
The Commission is composed of three members appointed by the Governor of Oklahoma with the approval of the Oklahoma Senate.
Ministry of Economic and Finance accounts for the administration of financial and economic policy and affair in the Kingdom of Cambodia.
As of 2012, the department is administered by Secretary Kitty Rhoades.
The Institute was created by orders of the Colombian government in 1942.
The state has had a veterans affairs function under various names and at various levels of the government structure since 1945.
OFCCP is responsible for ensuring that employers doing business with the Federal government comply with the laws and regulations requiring nondiscrimination.
In the 2010 national budget, it received an appropriation of 4,824.4 million rand, and had 4,533 employees.
The Israeli Ministry of Education is the branch of government charged with overseeing public education institutions in Israel.
Brisbane Water operated the city's reticulated sewerage network and associated treatment plants.
TÜBİTAK develops scientific and technological policies and manages R&D institutes, carrying on research, technology and development studies in line with "national priorities".
The Commission is similar to the Federal Election Commission in its campaign finance responsibilities.
OTDC's Tourist Bungalows are called as Panthanivas.
The Department of Northern Australia was an Australian government department that existed between June and December 1975.
Norad finances NGOs and does its own research and projects.
The head of the Public Health Agency is the Chief Public Health Officer of Canada.
The Lebanese Civil Aviation Authority is the civil aviation authority of Lebanon.
The Sindh Archives are the main repository for the provincial government of Sindh, Pakistan.
The service is aimed towards reducing the need to carry physical documents, and is part of the Narendra Modi-led government's Digital India initiative.
They introduce themselves an organisation that “has been serving the community of Hong Kong by redressing grievances and addressing issues of maladministration in the public sector.”
“The functions of the Clerk of the House of Representatives shall be—
It provided independent, evidence-based advice to the Council of Australian Governments and the Australian Government on national water issues.
Protests from the general public and conservation groups accompanied attempts to privatise the organisation in 1993 and 2010.
These services provide a key safety net for those who are most vulnerable or who are at a difficult place in their life.
The Ministry of Social Security is a cabinet-level federal ministry in Brazil.
Current Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Czech Republic is Lubomír Zaorálek.
Small-scale mapping for leisure use includes the 1:25,000 "Explorer" series, the 1:50,000 "Landranger" series and the 1:250,000 road maps.
It has been located at its present premises at Jakobsgatan 9 at Gustaf Adolfs torg, Stockholm, since 1966.
It is the lead entity tasked with developing a holistic sports culture for the Emirate.
DFID is responsible for the majority of UK ODA; projected to total £11.7bn in 2014/15 and £12.2bn in 2015/16.
Based in Stavanger, it is to ensure that the petroleum resources are allocated in an optimal at the same time as they incur minimal environmental impact.
Currently the official buy/sell exchange rate is fixed at Bs.F.
The Department of State announced the creation of the bureau on November 22, 2011, replacing the Office of the Coordinator for Reconstruction and Stabilization.
As of October 2011, the MIVDF is commanded by COL William Ewald, a retired United States Army colonel.
The Ministry liaises with ASEAN law enforcement offices and with Interpol.
Shares advanced technologies with the transportation system
Enhancing competencies of the industry will support Singapore’s vision of being a City in a Garden.
Madrigal had been barangay treasurer before deciding to run for barangay captain.
The State Security Agency is the department of the South African government with overall responsibility for civilian intelligence operations.
The Stadium Authority also leases parking facilities north of PNC Park.
Kriminalpolizei  is the standard term for the criminal investigation agency within the police forces of Germany, Austria and the German-speaking cantons of Switzerland.
The KPWiG also continuously monitors the functioning of all investment funds.
The original book value of the acquired NPLs was ₦4.02trillion at a price of ₦1.76trillion with a commensurate issue of Zero Bond for the NPL acquired.
The incumbent minister is Ezekiel Lul Gatkuoth, while Elizabeth James Bol serves as deputy minister.
The ministry is headquartered at the Hardthöhe district in Bonn and has a second office in the Bendlerblock building in Berlin.
Manitoba Aboriginal and Northern Affairs was a department of the Government of Manitoba.
The Department of the Environment was an Australian government department that existed between April and December 1975.
Non-observance of the Language Act may result in warnings, written orders or fines.
The Government of Catalonia or the Generalitat de Catalunya is the institution under which the autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain is politically organised.
CEREBIEM was previously known as Unidad de Rescate del Patrimonio Cultural which was established in 1976.
After Nazi Germany's defeat, the SS and the NSDAP were judged by the International Military Tribunal at Nuremberg to be criminal organizations.
Under Australian law any person who gives "immigration assistance" must usually be a Registered Migration Agent.
The Act also designates the Secretary of the Treasury as Chairperson.
It was formerly known as the California Department of Health Services, which was reorganized into the DHCS and the California Department of Public Health.
Ministry for Development of the Russian Far East is a federal ministry in Dmitry Medvedev's government which was established in May 21, 2012.
To assist affected communities, OEA manages and directs the Defense Economic Adjustment Program, and coordinates the involvement of other Federal Agencies.
Subordinate to the Ministry of Transport and Communications, the agency is located on the premises of Kjeller Airport in Skedsmo.
It was established on January 7, 1975 through Presidential Decree No.
It was a part of the Department of Health and Ageing portfolio until mid-2007 when it became a self-governing statutory authority.
The Ministry of Botanical Gardens and Public Recreation is the Sri Lankan government ministry.
It is the third polytechnic established in the country.
The ODA appointed a delivery company, CLM, to manage the delivery of the Olympic Park and its associated infrastructure.
Asayesh coordinates and shares information with Parastin and Zanyari, the investigative arms and intelligence gatherers operating in the Kurdistan region in Iraq.
DPS has the duty to provide for the protection and security of the Governor and Lieutenant Governor.
The USGS employs approximately 8,670 people and is headquartered in Reston, Virginia.
The court has 21 judges and 13 administrative staff, including a director.
Dato' Seri Jamil Bidin serves as HDC Chief Executive Officer.
The Air Force Board of the Defence Council is responsible for the management of the Royal Air Force.
The Kapisanan ng mga Brodkaster ng Pilipinas is a broadcast media organization in the Philippines which provides its members broadcasting standards.
Business.govt.nz is managed and maintained by the New Zealand Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment.
Its current Secretary is Nery E. Adames-Soto.
The Ministry of Finance also oversees financial legislation and regulation.
CHHS was created from a reorganization of other California agencies, including the California Health and Welfare Agency which included the California Department of Health Services.
The first ticket was sold on September 20, 1988.
The Telangana State Election Commission is an autonomous, independent Constitutional and Statutory authority of Telangana.
Very little is known on its activities in publications and the archives and PID employees are no longer with us to provide information.
The titular mention of 'the Regions' referred to the government's pledge to create regional government.
The Basic Law of Hong Kong stipulates that the ICAC shall function independently and be directly accountable to the Chief Executive of Hong Kong.
The members of the KBP are composed of the owners and operators of radio and television stations including the radio and television stations themselves.
The Ministry of Defence has three major components under its command structure - the Army Command, the Navy Command, and the Air Force Command.
The Eritrean Postal Service is the government organisation responsible for the postal service in Eritrea.
Suspects questioned by the SFO have no right to silence and must answer questions and produce requested evidence, even if it incriminates them.
It also advises the Government in matters related to research, and is subordinate to the Norwegian Ministry of Education and Research.
Services are made available at public service halls throughout the country.
It is located in Thiruvananthapuram, in the Indian state of Kerala.
However, customers still have the option to tax their vehicles via the Post Office.
Howard Backer, MD, MPH, FACEP is the current Director, and was appointed by Governor Jerry Brown on July 26, 2011.
The headquarters is in the Sejong Government Complex in Sejong City.
In FY15, BWC paid $1,648,599,923 in benefits covering 791,638 open claims, including 93,936 new claims approved in FY15.
The Federal Agency for Civic Education, FACE is a German federal government agency responsible for promoting civic education.
However, it is able to offer general information and help with regard to the adoption process in over 60 countries.
The agency is led by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, who—being a cabinet member—is appointed by the President with the advice and consent of the Senate.
This plan is reviewed and updated every five years, with the most recent version of the plan published in 2017.
In it, it has several branches which operate as a whole throughout the country such as law enforcement, counter-terrorism, anti-corruption, narcotics, and disaster relief.
The Department of Housing and Urban Development of state of Tamil Nadu is one of the Department of Government of Tamil Nadu
Although the law prescribes that any competent person may be appointed as Director General.
Since 1946, NPRST or its predecessors have served as a personnel policy laboratory for the Navy.
It is subordinated the Finnish Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry.
Geoscience Australia is an agency of the Australian Government.
It is known for its role in political repression and carrying out the Great Purge under Joseph Stalin.
On June 22, 2012, the MCS was given the standard.
The Lottery was created by the Pennsylvania General Assembly on August 26, 1971; two months later, Henry Kaplan was appointed as its first executive director.
The MVD operates 32 field offices across the state, along with 39 contracted offices through local municipalities.
ADPR is in charge of Kerala pavilion at IITF.
It also conducts research and development into atomic technologies.
It was created by the Plan for Restructuring the State Council passed by the First Session of the Eleventh National People's Congress in 2008.
Publishing the Guoyin Zidian edited by Woo Tsin-hang, on December 24, 1920.
It operates under the umbrella of the State Affairs Commission.
The FHFB was headquartered in Washington, D.C. and led by a five-member board.
Simon Birmingham, and the Minister for Vocational Education and Skills, currently Senator the Hon.
The CMVM derives its income from supervision fees charged for services and not the General State Budget.
The Secret Intelligence Service, commonly known as MI6, is the foreign intelligence agency of the Government of the United Kingdom.
National Weather Service – Topeka, Kansas is a local National Weather Service forecast office based in Topeka, the state capital of Kansas.
It is a criminal offence for anyone barred by the DBS to work or apply to work in the sector from which they are barred.
Its role was modified and its powers changed with the Enterprise Act 2002.
It is headquartered at University Town Center in Hyattsville, Maryland, just outside Washington, D.C.
Its first location is on Wilhelmstrasse in Berlin, the second in Bonn.
The MWRA was created in 1985 and assumed sewage and wastewater treatment functions from the former MDC, now the DCR, which still maintains the watershed lands.
The department coordinates the functions and services of the state relating to the safety and convenience of its citizens.
Founded in 1976, the Agency is independent of Government and funded by a grant from the Department for the Economy.
The Ministry of Culture was established in March 1952 as the Ministry of Union Cultures, and later renamed the Ministry of Culture on 15 March 1972.
In July 2011 the agency was reorganized into an independent body with a special status.
The New Hampshire Liquor Commission regulates the sale of alcoholic beverages in the U.S. state of New Hampshire, one of eighteen alcoholic beverage control states.
Since 1998, the state has saved $857 million by adopting policy options and recommendations presented in OPPAGA reports.
As such, new buildings have been built for the Canadian Coast Guard as well as Environment Canada in recent years.
He formally replaced Lakshmanan Sathyavagiswaran, who served 21 years as the Coroner, in August 2013.
The Мinistry for Regional Development, Building and Housing of Ukraine is the Ukrainian government ministry responsible for housing infrastructure development.
The Ministry of Trade merged with the Ministry of Industry in 2007 to form the Ministry of Industry and trade.
The Natural Resources arm of the DANR was finally spun off on May 17, 1974 as the Ministry of Natural Resources.
OGP was created by virtue of Act 147 of 1980.
In Europe, there are CNTO offices in London and Paris.
Its current headquarters is at 2nd Floor, State Secretariat Complex, Port Harcourt.
The reserves represent different biogeographic regions of the United States.
It serves as a field formation and also provides technical services to the Ministry of Environment and Forests under the provisions of the Environment Act, 1986.
The Board consists of five members appointed by the Governor of Oklahoma, with the approval of the Oklahoma Senate.
Its functions were later folded into the National Energy Administration.
The Secretary of Finance and Public Credit is a member of the federal executive cabinet and is appointed by the President of the Republic.
TAA main offices are located in Dar es Salaam and at Julius Nyerere International Airport.
The Committee for National Language Romanization under the Council selects and modifies Romanization Systems.
The Bureau of Narcotics was created in 1975 during the term of Governor David L. Boren.
The organisation also believes sport enriches the economy, improves wellbeing, helps children’s bodies and minds develop, and it makes people more resilient as communities and individuals.
Trusts and trust-busting were significant political concerns during the Progressive Era.
During the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, QC, the department was called the Department of National Revenue Customs and Excise.
The Supreme Council of Justice is a state body in Ukraine which nominates judges to be appointed by the President of Ukraine.
The Department of Industry, Innovation, Science, Research and Tertiary Education was an Australian government department that existed between December 2011 and March 2013.
The FIRB is independent but is assisted by the executive to the treasury."
The commission maintains the official Michigan Governor's Summer Residence on Mackinac Island and distributes photographs, media kits, brochures and other promotional material.
WSTF is located in the western foothills of the Organ Mountains, eleven miles east of Las Cruces, New Mexico.
The Kenosha County Division of Health is the local agency tasked with monitoring and improving the health and wellbeing of the citizens of Kenosha County, Wisconsin.
The ministry is led by a Coordinating Minister for Economics Affairs, who is Darmin Nasution since 12 August 2015.
The investigative and enforcement functions of the INS were combined with the U.S. Customs investigators to create U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
The ancient headquarters are currently the Museo Nacional de las Culturas in Mexico City.
It oversees all aspects of civil aviation operations and infrastructure within the country.
Another 235,000 receive subsidized rental assistance in private homes through the NYCHA-administered Section 8 Leased Housing Program.
Its name was changed from Oregon Government Standards and Practices Commission to Oregon Government Ethics Commission in July 2007, by the Oregon Legislature.
The ministry is in charge of the criminal justice system in the kingdom.
The Department is also charged with centrally leading New Zealand's "national security planning, which includes civil defence."
FCHA oversees 1,323 public housing units as well as 1,104 Section 8 rentals.
It was created out of its current parent agency, the Federal Ministry of Finance, on 1 January 2006 and has approximately 1,350 employees.
Judges and magistrates are appointed by the President upon the recommendation of the Chief Justice.
The Ministry of Economic Development, Tourism, Trade and Enterprise is part of the Albanian government responsible for the Economy, Tourism and Enterprise in Albania.
The Ministry of Macedonia and Thrace is a former government department of Greece.
Most volunteers from the US come in groups organized by a US-based non-profit organization Volunteers for Israel.
Approximately $71 million of ARRA funds have been applied to Major Moves new construction, allowing for accelerated and adjusted Major Moves projects.
The agency was founded in 1949 as the Industrial Development Authority and placed on a statutory footing a year later.
As of 2016, the Chair is Kay Kendall and the Executive Director is Arthur Espinoza, Jr.
Landcare Research is one of New Zealand's Crown Research Institutes.
The ASADA Advisory Group is relied upon by the Chief Executive Officer as a consultative forum on matter related to the agency's purpose.
The ministry traces its roots back over a century to the 1890s, when the province began training Provincial Road Building Instructors.
In the 1990s tourism was a directorate, not a ministry.
The United States Children's Bureau is a federal agency organized under the United States Department of Health and Human Services' Administration for Children and Families.
Chairman of Public Construction Commission, Executive Yuan
C-DOT has expanded to develop intelligent computer software applications.
The agency publishes data regarding statistics gathered from the roughly fifty-thousand agencies that comprise the U.S. justice system on its Web site.
The Ministry of Innovation, Business and Rural Development is a provincial government department in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
The Borstal Institute for juveniles now called The Senior Correctional Centre is a juvenile correction institute under the Ghana Prisons Service.
The Highway Safety Office was created in 1967 during the term of Governor Dewey F. Bartlett.
It was established in 2004 and is located in Solna, Sweden.
In April 2012, it became part of the newly formed Ministry for Primary Industries.
MSS's mission is to observe and understand the weather and climate affecting Singapore and to provide services in support of national needs and international co-operation.
The Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Faisalabad is the intermediate education governmental body in Faisalabad Division.
The 16th Lieutenant Governor of Oklahoma is Todd Lamb.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Federal Republic of Somalia is the Somali government ministry which oversees the foreign relations of Somalia.
The Maryland Department of Planning is a cabinet-level agency in the government of the State of Maryland.
It is one of the largest government database institution, employing more than 11,000 people in more than 800 domestic offices and five international offices.
The Tuvalu Meteorological Service is the principal meteorological observatory of Tuvalu and is responsible for providing weather services to the islands of Tuvalu.
Details of the northern operations centre in Greater Manchester were revealed by the firm who built it.
It was created as a semi-autonomous corporation through the National Forestry and Tree Planting Act of 2003 to replace the prior Forestry Department.
The agency's motto is We Serve Those Who Serve Florida.
Support Services Division The three-winged structure merges the management support services of Finance, Administration, Research of the erstwhile agencies under one Support Services Division.
This Council comprises the Commonwealth Minister for Agriculture and Water Resources and one minister from each of the basin states and the Australian Capital Territory.
The lottery in Thailand is hugely popular despite the low odds of winning and the unfavourable payout ratio.
Since the original construction of fourteen reservoirs and dams in the 1930s, more than $7 billion worth of property damage has been saved from flooding.
Originally BLM holdings were described as "land nobody wanted" because homesteaders had passed them by.
MSQ investigated the collision of Jessica Watson's boat with Chinese bulk carrier, the Silver Yang, at the start of her round the world trip.
The ministry works with five regional health authorities and one province-wide health authority which is responsible for specialized health services.
On March 21, 2011, Cleon Cauley, who had been appointed Deputy Secretary two months earlier, was appointed Acting Secretary.
The National Disasters Management Institute is the disaster relief agency of Mozambique.
96-466 in October 1980, to replace the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Veterans' Employment position created by P.L.
It serves as a point of reference for mine maps and other information for both surface and underground mines throughout the United States.
The Peace Corps is a volunteer program run by the United States government.
The Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution and Counterterrorism is an Austrian police organization that acts as a domestic intelligence agency.
The Examination Yuan is in charge of validating the qualification of civil servants in the Taiwan.
The National Statistics Office is an agency in charge of national statistics and responsible for carrying out population, agricultural and other censuses in Georgia.
One trustee is appointed by the governor from the three retired member candidates who are nominated by retired TRS members.
Range of sealed radiation sources include Co-60 irradiator and radiography sources, Ir-192 radiography sources and brachytherapy sources.
It is commonly referred to in Brazilian media and diplomatic jargon as Itamaraty, after the palace which houses the ministry.
These documents are released to the public between 60 and 100 years after the date of publishing.
The headquarters are located at Machilipatnam in the Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
The Ministry of Defence in Pakistan is a Cabinet-level federal ministry.
Declining revenues and staff led the OTS to market itself to companies as a lax regulator in order to get revenue.
The last election for the House of Assembly was the 2014 state election.
During the Soviet occupation, an intensive program of Russification had been undertaken.
The Ministry of Defence of Bulgaria is the ministry charged with regulating the Bulgarian Armed Forces.
The board members collectively establish the policies under which the TSP operates and furnish general oversight.
The branch is responsible for up to 500 Garda officers in other units, who are mainly detectives with investigative duties.
The Egyptian Ministry of Defence is the ministry responsible for the Egyptian Armed Forces organization and manages its affairs and maintains its facilities.
^ "Directorate of Cooperative and State Programs - State Plans".
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is the central government institution charged with leading the foreign affairs of Vietnam.
The founders of the paramilitary groups were nationalist intellectuals, former army officers and young landowners opposing peasants' and country labourers' unions.
It is headed by the Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs.
Its head office is in New Delhi.
It and the Ordnance Survey of Northern Ireland are the ultimate successors to the Irish operations of the British Ordnance Survey.
As of 2011, the organization has raised more than $72 million towards these goals.
SS-Totenkopfverbände, rendered in English as Death's Head Units, was the SS organization responsible for administering the Nazi concentration camps for the Third Reich, among similar duties.
The erstwhile Ministry of Education now functions under these two departments, as of 26 September 1985.
The Cabinet Office is a department of the Government of the United Kingdom responsible for supporting the Prime Minister and Cabinet of the United Kingdom.
The BBG supervised Voice of America, Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, Radio y Television Marti, Radio Free Asia, and the Middle East Broadcast Networks.
As part of its work HSE investigates industrial accidents, small and large, including major incidents such as the explosion and fire at Buncefield in 2005.
Division of Marketing, Merchandising, and Warehousing – Operates the retail and wholesale business part of the Commission.
The Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries a cabinet ministry in the government of Japan responsible for oversight of the agriculture, forestry and fishing industries.
Formed at the Federation of Australia, The Treasury is one of the oldest continuous departments of the Australian Government.
As of April 2017, a Constitution Bench of the Supreme Court of India is considering the legal validity of Aadhaar on right to privacy grounds.
The current head of the service is Davit Sujashvili, appointed in 2013.
The Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990 required annual, audited financial statements for the United States Government and its federal reporting entities.
The police force, prisons service, immigration service, fire and rescue force, refugees service, and community service are departments of the ministry.
The board currently has 125,612 physician licenses in effect, and issued 4,787 new physician licenses in 2008.
CNI's official budget for 2017 is approximately 261 million euros.
The Bureau of Meteorology is an Executive Agency of the Australian Government responsible for providing weather services to Australia and surrounding areas.
In the 2015/16 financial year, the service handled over 946,000 cases, answered 737,803 triple zero calls and had an overall patient satisfaction rating of 98%.
The treasurer provides for the safe and efficient operation of state government through effective banking, investment, and cash management.
The New Zealand Geographic Board secretariat is part of LINZ and provides the Board with administrative and research assistance and advice.
The Commission for Financial Capability, is a Crown Entity under the New Zealand Crown Entities Act 2004.
OSC's primary mission is the safeguarding of the merit system in federal employment by protecting employees and applicants from prohibited personnel practices, especially reprisal for "whistleblowing."
This resulted in the introduction of the Leap card on 12 December 2011.
These include 3,300 lane miles of state roads and highways, 1,162 bridges, 777 traffic signals, and five rail stations.
Estonian de-mining personnel have deployed to Afghanistan, and to Georgia, after the South Ossetia War of 2008.
The current Polish Minister of State Treasury, since November 2015, is Dawid Jackiewicz.
The Rural Payments Agency is an executive agency of the UK Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs.
This program, which began in 1993, continues to inform management of Australian landscapes and reduce costs to agriculture.
It was previously an executive agency of the MoD, but this status was removed on 31 March 2013 following the reduction of service personnel based abroad.
The current Acting Assistant Secretary of State for Educational and Cultural Affairs is Mark Taplin.
As of July 1, 2013, the CalBRE had 336 authorized positions and there are approximately 408,496 total real estate licensees in California as of October 2013.
In July 2016, DigiLocker recorded 20.13 lakh users with a repository of 24.13 lakh documents.
The Department of International Relations and Cooperation is the foreign ministry of the South African government.
The present head is Justice D K Jain, former judge of the Supreme Court of India.
This force is under the auspices of the Ministry of Home Affairs.
MCDC raises its own revenues through tax collection, fees, licenses and property development.
The Kenya Vision 2030 is to be implemented in successive five-year plans, with the first such plan covering the period 2008–2012.
This centralized the DoD's Combating Weapons of Mass Destruction operations, a move recommended in the 2010 Quadrennial Defense Review.
The Kansas Historical Society is the official state historical society of Kansas.
SCB's predecessor, the Tabellverket, was set up in 1749, and the current name was adopted in 1858.
Since that time the presence of the National Weather Service greatly increased with the instillation of new weather radars, stations and forecast offices.
Formed in April, 1990, the Agency manages the government properties which were distributed among Government Secretariat, Lands Department, and Rating and Valuation Department.
Department of Revenue and Disaster Management, Haryana is a Ministry and department of the Government of Haryana in India.
The Public Works Department is the oldest department in Tamil Nadu, and was founded during British Raj during 1800.
The agency maintains its headquarters in the Aviation Building at the Junction entry to Jomo Kenyatta International Airport.
Currently, Ventura County does not meet the federal air quality standard for ozone and exceeds the state standard for ozone and particulate matter.
It is also responsible for operating NASA's Deep Space Network.
The ministry offices are located at Drottninggatan 16 in central Stockholm.
The department is responsible for the provinces energy, mines, forestry and agrifoods sectors.
It is the only service provider permitted to service Medical emergency calls in the City of Ottawa.
It is also charged with improving the election legal system, improve the quality of service, reinforce impartiality and independence.
The JNRC utilizes the IAEA safety standards and works closely with the IAEA in addition to the EU, USDOE, CNSC, IRSN and KINS.
In addition to the types of sites specified in the law, the Commission also seeks the preservation of similar types of properties, including related archival material.
There is concern that this substantial investment in knowledge to inform Australia's long-term social, environmental and economic well-being could be lost.
The Nebraska Department of Roads officially dissolved on June 30, 2017, and the new Department of Transportation began operation the next day.
It is also Sweden's de facto border guard.
The ministry's prerogatives include setting educational standards and youth activities.
There are in excess of one hundred such plants in the United States, some of which are subject to litigation before the panel.
Establish and maintain effective, coordinated, and supportive relationships with every federal agency;
The Bureau manages the government's accounting, central payment systems, and public debt.
The Ministry of Economy of the Republic of Lithuania is a government department of the Republic of Lithuania.
The Main Directorate of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defence of Ukraine or HUR MOU, is Ukraine's military intelligence intelligence service.
The Department of Children and Youth Affairs is a department of the Government of Ireland.
Cynthia Harding, MPH, is the Interim Director for the Los Angeles County Department of Public Health.
The Kazakh Foreign Intelligence Service is Kazakhstan's primary external intelligence agency.
Statistics Finland develops and maintains the Findicator statistical service jointly with the Finnish Prime Minister's Office.
OCWD's administrative offices and the Groundwater Replenishment System facilities are located in Fountain Valley, while OCWD operates various groundwater recharge facilities located in Anaheim and Orange.
It was the first so-named Australian Government department to be created, and was replaced by the Department of the Interior.
The NPO plan was classified Top Secret, codeword Pegasus.
The State Regents is a nine-member board, with the members are appointed by the Governor of Oklahoma with approval of the Oklahoma Senate.
The conventional wisdom is that the Attorney General cannot be removed from office except "for cause" by the Governor or by way of legislative impeachment.
The Australian Customs and Border Protection Service was the Australian federal government agency responsible for managing the security and integrity of the Australian border.
The Korea Transport Institute is a think tank under the Prime Minister's Office in South Korea.
The service can radically improve the ease and speed with which employers can apply for criminal record checks and potentially create significant savings.
Assisting the disadvantaged and welfare-to-work recipients to become self-sufficient.
(b) promoting understanding, appreciation and enjoyment of the arts and culture,
AUSTRAC was established in 1989 under the Financial Transaction Reports Act 1988 and continued in existence under the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006.
Yuzhmash is the main manufacturer of the models developed by Yuzhnoye Design Office.
Between 1958 and 1963, when NASA started Project Mercury, LaRC served as the main office of the Space Task Group.
Before Mikhail Gorbachev became General Secretary, the organisational structure of the MER mostly stayed the same.
Its creation meant that the conservation and commercial interests of the state in respect of forestry were separated, thus removing a perceived conflict of interest.
It was briefly revived for World War II to hold agencies such as National Defense Research Committee.
The highest-ranking military officer in the department is the Chief of Staff of the Army, who is also a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
It is Australia's second largest government-funded science organisation after the CSIRO.
One of its largest divisions, the Information Operations Center, has shifted focus from counter-terrorism to offensive cyber-operations.
The Civil Engineering and Development Department is a department of the Hong Kong government that reports to the Development Bureau.
The Director reports to the Chief Executive, not the Legislative Council.
It is tasked with the protection of constitutional organs of the Republic of Austria and their ability to function.
The chief executive officer, called Secretary, of the department is Andrew Cappie-Wood.
The Department of Arts, Heritage and Environment was an Australian government department that existed between December 1984 and July 1987.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Eritrea is a government ministry which oversees the foreign relations of Eritrea.
The department was one of a handful of government agencies in Queensland with a permanent public museum.
And this figure is increasing around 10% yearly.
The National Bank of Tuvalu is the sole provider of banking services in Tuvalu related to taking deposits, making loans and engaging in foreign exchange transactions.
Located in Ames, Iowas DOT is also responsible for licensing drivers and programming and planning for aviation, rail, and public transit.
NITDA is also mandated with the implementation of policies guideline for driving ICT in Nigeria.
The Public Health Agency of Sweden is a Swedish government agency with national responsibility for public health.
It is governed by the Commonwealth Attorneys Act of 1980.
Among other matters, the Ministry oversees the work of the Helmand and Arghandab Valley Authority.
To this end, Statistics South Africa produces official demographic, economic, and social censuses and surveys.
The VHA is distinct from the U.S. Department of Defense Military Health System of which it is not a part.
CareerTech also has skills centers that serve state correctional facilities and a juvenile detention facility.
Under educational laws, schools in Michigan must start after Labor Day unless granted a waiver.
Bureaus, programs, divisions, and offices are under the full control of DCA.
Until late 2001, EMA was an agency within the former Australian Defence Force Support Command and then the Department of Defence Corporate Support Group.
For this reason it was referred to as a "Next Steps Agency."
In 2010 the NSRC was mandated to be accredited and mobilized for the delivery of disaster risk reduction programs and activities.
It was established by the Social Security Institution Law No:5502, which was published in the Official Gazette No: 26173 on June 20, 2006.
Helping to bring the benefits of advanced telecommunications technologies to millions of Americans in rural and underserved urban areas through its information infrastructure grants.
The ministry is in charge of managing the tourist industry and sports both in schools and other institutions.
This includes stock exchanges, public companies, financial intermediaries and investors.
ADOT's publications division publishes Arizona Highways magazine.
CIMAS enables AOML and university scientists to collaborate on research areas of mutual interest and facilitates the participation of students and visiting scientists.
The members of the government are the President of Uzbekistan, Prime Minister of Uzbekistan, Ministers, and deputy ministers.
The two councils, both with participation by high-ranking ministers, are incorporated as legal entities but will be authorised by the two governments to sign pacts.
More than half of EPA's employees are engineers, scientists, and environmental protection specialists; other employees include legal, public affairs, financial, and information technologists.
It does not belong to any of the legislative, judiciary, and executive branches of the Korean government.
The ASC also oversees the Natural Gas Exchange, Inc., the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada, and the Mutual Fund Dealers Association of Canada.
After 24 months of service, volunteers can request an extension of service.
The ministry was formed from the former and short-lived Ministry of Social Affairs and still existing, but reduced Ministry of Economy.
It was established in 1990 as an Advisory Council on Human Rights.
The Fiscal Service replaced the Bureau of the Public Debt and the Financial Management Service effective October 7, 2012 per directive of Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner.
The department is the largest probation department in the world.
Kerala Forest and Wildlife Department is a law enforcement agency for the state of Kerala, India.
• La Dirección Nacional de Estupefacientes DNE.
The Maryland Department of Transportation is an organization comprising five business units and one Authority.
SIS is bound by the Intelligence Services Act 1994.
The first Department was established in 1937, to regulate and subsidise existing private, non-governmental welfare services, while providing some additional services.
It was formerly known as the People's Commissariat for Health.
There are more than 5,400 lakes in Florida and a number of rivers.
The DOI is a senior cabinet department led by a senior minister and team of 15 secretaries.
Offices of the TRA are located in Dar es Salaam.
The Department of Defence was an Australian government department that existed between December 1921 and November 1939.
Control of the body was transferred to the Republic of Zambia when Northern Rhodesia gained its independence in 1963.
It also handles fiscal policy, economic regulations and government expenditure for the state.
Many partners of the President's Challenge come from schools, private organisations, ministries and government bodies.
ODL also provides an extensive catalogue of books and other print materials for public use.
Its organisation and functioning are set out in the Constitution of the Republic of Poland and the NIK Act of 23 December 1994.
The Commission is provided administrative support by the Office of the State Auditor and Inspector.
In 2013 the Ministry changed the name to Ministry of General Education and Instruction.
Hyderabad Airport Development Authority or HADA is an organisation which looks into development around the Rajiv Gandhi International Airport, Hyderabad.
Yılmaz took over the Ministry for a second time from November 2015 to May 2016 before being succeeded by Lütfi Elvan.
He succeeded Félix Rojas in the position.
These cameras are primarily installed for ITS purposes, not for law enforcement.
The program also has one and two week service periods.
Established in 1992, NIWA conducts commercial and non-commercial research across a broad range of disciplines in the environmental sciences.
The Revenue Commissioners are responsible to the Minister for Finance.
National School of Government also managed Sunningdale Institute – a virtual academy of leading thinkers on management, organisation and governance.
Office of Child Development and Early Learning
The committee's chairman also acts as the city's mayor.
Its FY2017 budget is 10,410.4 million baht.
The DCFS Office of the Inspector General reports to the Governor and General Assembly annually regarding DCFS.
It used to be known as the Danish Defence Material Service.
It also oversaw the following authorities: -
The boundary wall was completed during the tenure of Prof. Muhammad Amin, Chairman and under his supervision of a team composed of Ch.
The report specifically cited what the accused wrongdoers had already done to two national security whistleblowers.
The presidency conducts pre-incident work, such as preparedness, mitigation and risk management, during-incident work such as response, and post-incident work such as recovery and reconstruction.
The National Assembly Budget Office supports the Korean National Assembly by analyzing and evaluating issues related to the national budget, fund and fiscal operations.
Sriharikota Launching Range was renamed in 2002 after ISRO's former chairman Satish Dhawan.
The SFO is based upon its UK counterpart as established by the Serious Fraud Office Act 1990.
It was established in 2010 and has its seat in Ljubljana, Slovenia.
The ministry was established on 6 June 1986 in response to the Chernobyl disaster.
To evaluate, modernize and promote automation in State Crime Records Bureaux and State Finger Print Bureaux .
The European Economic and Trade Office is the representative office of European Union in the Republic of China.
Much of the DOE information at this level requires access to Critical Nuclear Weapon Design Information.
It was created in 1995 by amalgamating the now-defunct Departments of Energy, Mines and Resources and Forestry.
Innovation and commercialization are the heart of these facilities, which have given life to hundreds of products, processes and technologies.
The junta also authorized it to help provincial authorities in marketing OTOP products.
The Ministry of National Defense is Lebanon's service section for the Lebanese Armed Forces.
Work to improve and maintain farm income; and
The office was relatively unknown until the enactment of the Prohibition Act when CGI grew to a cadre of 45 investigators.
Arthur Sinodinos, and the Minister for Resources and Northern Australia, the Hon.
The Hong Kong Observatory is a weather forecast agency of the government of Hong Kong.
It is headquartered in Beijing, with branch institutes all over mainland China.
Soviet agents finally succeeded in luring one of the leading anticommunist operators, Sidney Reilly, into Russia to meet with the Trust.
The Ministry of the Interior is the Interior Ministry of the Kingdom of Cambodia.
The Library for the Blind and Physically Handicapped is located on Capital Boulevard.
By 1935, it had been renamed NSDAP Office of Racial Policy.
It was formally established on 31 July 1974.
The bureau is the intermediary between the HKSAR Government and the Central People's Government and other Mainland authorities under the principles of "One Country, Two Systems".
PHMC Vision: The PHMC enriches people's lives by helping them to understand Pennsylvania's past, to appreciate the present, and to embrace the future.
Under Nagy's first government from 1953 to 1955, the ÁVH was gradually reined in.
As of March 2012, the Director-General was Jorge Fernández Chacón, seconded by the Deputy Director-General, Alvaro Vargas Segura.
It is led by a board appointed to act in the public interest.
Along with the Oklahoma Department of Transportation, the Authority is the primary infrastructure construction and maintenance agency of the State.
The CHP is headed by the Controller for the Centre for Health Protection and reports to the Director of the Department of Health.
It is an agency of the City of Toronto, funded by Toronto and the Government of Ontario.
After the establishment of the board, the power of the military authorities were handed to the Emperor.
It also gave housing assistance to low income families.
The Nevada Department of Transportation is a government agency in the U.S. state of Nevada.
As the central administrative authority for elections, the Election Authority has an instrumental role in all public elections in Sweden.
The Board monitors utility service and responds to consumer complaints.
Pakistan Telecommunication Authority is Pakistani government agency responsible for the establishment, operation and maintenance of telecommunications in Pakistan.
Its headquarters is at "Edifício Palácio do Desenvolvimento" at Brasília, Federal District.
Established in 1975, Cedefop is located in Thessaloniki, Greece.
During the Atlantic and northeast Pacific hurricane seasons, the Hurricane Specialists Unit issues routine tropical weather outlooks for the northeast Pacific and northern Atlantic oceans.
K Radhakrishnan was the last Chairman of Thrissur Development Authority.
The current Acting Secretary of the Interior and Local Government is Catalino Cuy, who served as an officer-in-charge.
During the first month of operation 16,404 enrolled in health plans offered through New York’s health insurance marketplace.
Lance Allen Robertson was confirmed in August 2017.
Bureau of special investigation is call also BSI.
New York State Division of Veterans' Affairs
Natural Resources Canada works to ensure the responsible development of Canada's natural resources, including energy, forests, minerals and metals.
While it is affiliated with the State of Oklahoma, OHFA does not operate using legislative funds.
The Federal Public Service Commission is a federal agency of Government of Pakistan that is responsible for recruiting civil servants and bureaucrats in Government of Pakistan.
BCNL is under the guidance of the International Center for Not-for-Profit Law under an Affiliation Agreement.
The Maryland Historical Trust is an agency of Maryland Department of Planning and serves as the Maryland State Historic Preservation Office.
Accelerate the commercial exploitation of creativity and knowledge, through innovation and research, to create wealth, grow the economy, build successful businesses and improve quality of life.
Congress appointed both men and named former Commissary General Joseph Trumbull to replace Harrison.
Presently, the State of Rhode Island has one of the highest proportion of structurally deficient bridges in the United States.
The Cabinet's principal newspaper is Minju Choson.
The Board’s cases arise upon appeal from decisions of Department of Labor Administrative Law Judges or the Administrator of the Department’s Wage and Hour Division.
Mahmoud Mohamed ElSarawy has been a contributing statistician for CAPMAS.
The CNI is the successor of the Centro Superior de Información de la Defensa, Higher Centre for Defense Intelligence.
The Ministry of Culture is a ministry of the Croatian government in charge of preserving the country's natural and cultural heritage and overseeing its development.
As of 2017, 3/4th of the FDA budget is funded by the pharmaceutical companies due to the Prescription Drug User Fee Act.
The Ministry's budget was increased to 150 million United States dollars for 2004, compared to USD 1 million under the recent government of Saddam Hussein.
The Vietnam News Agency, a governmental agency, is the official state news provider of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam.
Its headquarters are on the 18th floor of 25 Grosvenor Street in Toronto.
Usually the local sponsor provided land and often trucks and supplies, with the WPA responsible for wages.
The Ministry of States and Frontier Regions is a federal ministry in Pakistan.
The agency was managed by a minister and four vice ministers.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Relations is a governmental agency in Lesotho in charge of conducting and designing the foreign policy of the state.
It publishes a monthly report on the national economy, known as the "Green Book."
Presently, Mark Hammond serves as the Secretary of State since 2003, and the Co-Chairman of International Relations Committee on Business Services.
The Capital Markets Authority of Uganda is a semi-autonomous government body responsible for the financial regulation of the capital markets industry in Uganda.
All activities are carried out in view of the Constitution of Afghanistan, the Afghan Drug Law and Afghanistan's National Drug Control Strategy.
It was formed in 1973 through an Act passed by the Parliament of Pakistan.
The Minnesota Department of Transportation oversees transportation by land, water, and air in the U.S. state of Minnesota.
The Kuwait National Petroleum Company is the national oil refining company of Kuwait.
The agency has Havnelageret in Oslo as its headquarters.
Additional mandates exist at the state level
The focus of the Forest Products Laboratory is to promote healthy forests and forest-based economies through the efficient, sustainable use of the Nation's wood resources.
The goal of the department is "to promote sustainable development and eliminate world poverty".
From 2004 until 2013, RailCorp operated passenger train services in New South Wales and maintained rail infrastructure within the New South Wales Metropolitan Rail Area.
NZQA administers the National Certificates of Educational Achievement and the New Zealand Scholarship for secondary school students.
IRRC is statutorily required to ensure proposed regulatory provisions are in the public interest.
Protecting and improving biodiversity across Britain's forests are both part of the Forestry Commission's remit.
This includes the supervision of banks, insurance companies, stock exchanges and securities dealers, as well as other financial intermediaries in Switzerland.
NYCHA also administers a citywide Section 8 Leased Housing Program in rental apartments.
GMADA works in Mohali, Banur, Zirakpur, Derabassi, Kharar, Mullanpur, Fatehgarh Sahib, Mandi Gobindgarh & Roopnagar
The Security Information Service, is the primary domestic national intelligence agency of the Czech Republic.
Planning and Development comes directly under Additional Director and the section deals with the data compilation for state budget and Governor's address to the assembly.
The OSDH serves as the primary public health protection agency in the state.
The Election Assistance Commission is an independent agency of the United States government created by the Help America Vote Act of 2002.
Headquartered in Sacramento, park administration is divided into 25 districts.
The collection includes nine shelf-kilometers of material.
The Ministry of Transport of the Government of the People's Republic of China is an agency responsible for railway, road, air and water transportation regulations.
As part of the organizational changes that followed the FAA Act of 1958, an Office of the Civil Air Surgeon was established.
Communication can be relayed via Telenor Maritime Radio and Avinor's air traffic control.
DSG was one of the largest defence engineering service providers in the UK.
The Ministry of Economy, Planning and Development of the Dominican Republic is a ministry created in 2006 through Law No.
It is responsible for regulating all financial market participants, exchanges and the setting and enforcing of financial regulations.
The Board of Equalization no longer has any responsibility in liquor control matters except as a taxing authority.
The National Board of Antiquities of Finland is attached to the Ministry of Education.
In addition, visa-free entry acceptance regulations into Hong Kong for passport holders of some 170 countries remain unchanged before and after 1997.
It was renamed in 1876 to become the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
The institute is an independent research center with strong links to the University of Innsbruck and the University of Vienna.
It is subordinate to the Ministry of Transport.
It was established under the Act No.
For the current Iraqi domestic intelligence agency, see General Security Directorate.
The MOI has approximately 380,430 employees, and the Ministry of Finance approved US$3.8 billion for its 2008 budget, representing a 21% growth over the previous year.
The New Mexico Department of Public Safety is a Cabinet Department under the Governor of New Mexico.
The status of licensure also is made available.
It was made up by the combined forces of the Gestapo and the Kripo between 1936 and 1939.
Preservation of historic buildings until 1973, with preservation of historic government buildings continuing until 1983
It mobilizes private capital to help solve critical development challenges and, in doing so, advances the foreign policy of the United States and national security objectives.
The Interstate Commerce Commission was a regulatory agency in the United States created by the Interstate Commerce Act of 1887.
Its headquarters occupy 24 floors of the Simcoe Place skyscraper in downtown Toronto.
The agency has two types of assignments.
The Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs is a ministry of the Government of South Sudan.
The Office of the Vice President includes personnel who directly support or advise the Vice President of the United States.
The United States Office on Violence Against Women was created following the Violence Against Women Act of 1994.
The ombudsman, or People's Defender, is an official appointed by the President, and elected by the Chamber of Representatives of Colombia, to head this agency.
Aviation accidents and major rail accidents were investigated by ad hoc commissions.
The New Zealand Food Safety Authority, or Te Pou Oranga Kai O Aotearoa, was the New Zealand government body responsible for food safety.
The Secretary is appointed by the Governor, with the consent of the Oklahoma Senate, to serve at the pleasure of the Governor.
It is divided into zonal offices which do pre-licensing and post-licensing inspections, post-market surveillance, and recalls when needed.
Eurojust also co-operates with third states and other EU bodies such as the European Judicial Network, Europol, and OLAF.
These militias remained in existence until World War II, evolving somewhat into home guard militias.
The Department of the Special Minister of State was an Australian government department that existed between December 1972 and December 1975.
Some of its services include King County Medic One, trans fat and menu-labeling regulation, online restaurant inspections, emergency preparedness, family planning and reproductive health services.
The Department of Employment and Industrial Relations was an Australian government department that existed between December 1975 and December 1978.
Finally, OSC protects the civilian employment and reemployment rights of military service members under USERRA.
The political head of the department is the Minister of Telecommunications and Postal Services.
Located on the east coast of Florida, KSC is adjacent to Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Ultimately the minister is responsible to the Parliament of New South Wales.
The Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry is the state sector organisation of Equatorial Guinea that deals with matters relating to agriculture, forestry and biosecurity.
The Economic Stabilization Agency was an agency of the United States Government that existed from 1950 to 1953.
The Jordan Nuclear Regulatory Commission was established in 2007 as a successor to the former Jordan Nuclear Energy Commission, established in 2001.
Ministry of Defence of the Czech Republic is the primary agency of the Czech Republic responsible for the planning and carrying-out of defense policy.
DOC is responsible for the administration of the state prison system.
The government continues to have oversight of the newly appointed SA Lotteries through the retention of the Lotteries Commission of SA.
The current Minister of Foreign Affairs is Mohammad Javad Zarif, who was approved by the Parliament on 15 August 2013 after being nominated by the President.
ASD's role within UKUSA Agreement is to monitor SIGINT in South Asia and East Asia.
It also offers partial subsidies for private housing, assisting another 32,000 people, and administers federal Section 8 vouchers.
The California Environmental Protection Agency, or CalEPA, is a state cabinet-level agency within the government of California.
Each member serves a fixed three-year term.
The ministry is responsible for the promotion and regulation of industries.
The All-American Canal also delivers water from the dam to the Coachella turnout—a section east of Yuma that diverts water to the Coachella Valley Water District.
The Pingtung County Government is the local government of the Republic of China that governs Pingtung County.
The Board is composed of nine trustees who are appointed to staggered terms of six years.
In Nazi Germany during 1936, the Kripo became the Criminal Police Department for the entire Reich.
It reports to the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy
In 1968, it hosted the INCOSAI VI, the sixth triennial convention of the International Organization of Supreme Audit Institutions.
The State System consists of all institutions of higher education in Oklahoma that are supported by direct legislative appropriations from the Oklahoma Legislature.
The ministry is led by a minister and responsible to President.
MEXT is one of three ministries that run the JET Programme.
The current head of the Ministry is Dainius Pavalkis.
Advice on the pension aspects of staff transfers from the public sector;
In practice, access to Restricted Data is granted, on a need-to-know basis, to personnel with appropriate clearances.
The California Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control is an agency of the government of the state of California charged with regulation of alcoholic beverages.
Not to be confused with the Autorité des marchés financiers
The New Zealand Film Commission is a New Zealand government agency formed to assist with creating and promoting New Zealand films.
The Abia State Ministry of Housing is an Abia State Government ministry responsible for policies on public housing and spatial planning in Abia State.
The KIA also engages in covert activities at the request of the Prime Minister of the Kosovo.
The Ministry of Defence of the Russian Federation exercises administrative and operational leadership of the Russian Armed Forces.
All other felony and misdemeanors within Los Angeles County are prosecuted by the district attorney's office.
It also manages the import of grain, seeds and construction materials.
The Ministry was known as the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, or MFA, from 1946 to 1991.
It was formerly responsible for Her Majesty's Prison Service and the National Probation Service, but these have been transferred to the Ministry of Justice.
The minister of Equipment, Transport and Logistics is the chairman of the Supervisory Board of Société d'Exploitation des Ports
The organisation was re-branded as NHS Digital on 1 August 2016.
DEMA is capable of deploying abroad on request from another state or an international organisation.
Founded in 1890 as the private Oregon Bar Association, it became a public entity in 1935 that regulates the legal profession.
The Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research is the Iraq government agency responsible for higher education and scientific research.
The department also provides support to Albanian citizens residing abroad.
The Michigan Department of Environmental Quality is the agency of the U.S. state of Michigan.
Invest Lithuania is a non-profit organization owned by the Ministry of Economy of the Republic of Lithuania.
The Department of Air is a former Australian federal government department.
The agency covered securities issuance, trading, supervision of exchanges, issuers, professional market participants and their Self-Regulatory Organisations; the Russian Federation Pension Fund; the State management company.
The ministry is headed by Augustine Mahiga, and its offices are located at Kivukoni in Dar es Salaam.
The Department for Employment and Learning,, was a devolved Northern Ireland government department in the Northern Ireland Executive.
Part of the Spanish National Health System.
Its regulations are compiled in title 12 of the New York Codes, Rules and Regulations.
In addition, it is also involved in the control of illness and disease in the country, coordinating the utilisation of resources and expertise where necessary.
The Australian Prudential Regulation Authority is a statutory authority of the Australian Government and the prudential regulator of the Australian financial services industry.
The department is currently led by the Secretary of Education, nominated by the President of the Philippines and confirmed by the Commission on Appointments.
DAHP reviews an impressive number of projects.
The mission of TDOT is to provide a safe and reliable transportation system for people, goods, and services that supports economic prosperity in Tennessee.
In addition to that there are RTO offices in each of the districts and are normally located at the District Magistrates office precincts.
It is a semi-autonomous body that operates in conjunction with the Ministry of Finance and Economic Affairs.
Yelena Borisovna Skrynnik was the first female minister of agriculture in Russia, when she was minister from 2009 until 2012.
The Coachella Valley Water District is an independent special district formed in 1918, specifically to protect and conserve local water sources in the Coachella Valley.
The Clean Energy Regulator is an Australian independent statutory authority responsible for administering legislation that will reduce carbon emissions and increase the use of clean energy.
The head of the ministry is the Minister of Finance.
The Canadian Wheat Board changed its name to simply CWB, reflecting its changed status.
The Ministry of Finance of Denmark, paying government employees and improving efficiency in government administration.
It was administered by the Ministry of Social Development until February 2011, when it became part of the Department of Internal Affairs.
It has operated under the name Superu since December 2014.
In that, more than 200 exporters are based in Kollam.
It is owned by the Republic of Austria, represented by the Federal Ministry for Europe, Integration and Foreign Affairs.
Enterprise Ireland is an Irish state economic development agency focused on helping Irish-owned business deliver new export sales.
It was created under The Defence Support Group Trading Fund Order 2008.
The Commission is composed of five members appointed by the Governor-General.
Consisting of some 250 white and 800 black Ovambo operators, it has also been held responsible for committing human rights violations against civilians.
In addition, road construction and maintenance operations are divided among five field districts, headquartered in Basin, Casper, Laramie, Rock Springs and Sheridan.
The Acoustics Research Institute is a non-university research institution of the Austrian Academy of Sciences in Vienna.
Each year new audit areas are selected according to which specific themes for planned audits are programmed.
Two-Axle cars will be $3.00 with EZPass / $4.00 cash.
The outcome in 2008 was 32 license revocations, 70 license surrenders, 14 probations with suspension, 91 probations, 87 public reprimands, and 29 criminal referrals.
The only time the combined organisations were on high alert in the Cold War was during Cuban Missile Crisis in October and November 1962.
The following are Government of Tamil Nadu Departments
Its headquarters is on the third floor of the terminal building at BWI Airport, located in unincorporated Anne Arundel County.
It carries out investigations into crimes, including terrorism, murders and organized crime.
It is located on channel 24.3 in Digital Terrestrial Television in Venezuela.
The Danish Accreditation Institution was established by Danish law as an independent institution in 2007.
The ministry offices are located at Fredsgatan 8 in central Stockholm.
Rossotrudnichestvo operates in Central Asia, Latin America and Eastern Europe.
Prior to statehood in 1907, the office was preceded by a Presidential appointed Governor of Oklahoma Territory with similar powers.
DIA produces approximately one-fourth of all intelligence content that goes into the President's Daily Brief.
Since 1 April 2015 it has operated as Ordnance Survey Ltd, a government-owned company, 100% in public ownership.
Governance of the agency is carried out by a five-person, part-time board of presidential appointees and by a full-time executive director selected by those appointees.
The organization was expanded to Austria after that country's annexation by Nazi Germany.
It also oversees pupil transportation services and directs education programs for adults and for persons who are handicapped, disadvantaged or foreign-born.
The operation of the Luas is contracted out to Transdev, and the RPA were responsible for monitoring their performance.
In early 2006, Corrections officially adopted the Māori name Ara Poutama Aotearoa.
MSI was then subsequently merged with other ministries into the Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment.
Destination NSW run two consumer-facing websites, Sydney.com and VisitNSW to promote travel to Sydney and NSW both Internationally and Domestically.
This includes the regulation of the Italian stock exchange, the Borsa Italiana.
Its counterpart body in Mainland China by the Republic of China is the Taiwan Strait Tourism Association.
It also provides training to state, local, campus, tribal, and international law enforcement agencies.
The polytechnic will see its twelve batch of students graduating in 2017, also the fifteenth anniversary of the polytechnic.
According to the leaked documents, the NSA intercepts and stores the communications of over a billion people worldwide, including United States citizens.
The department's headquarters are at 1William Street in the Brisbane CBD.
Of these, 3,230 work in Bonn while around 500 work in the Bendlerblock building in Berlin.
In the 1950s, the agency was renamed the Internal Revenue Service and significantly reorganized.
Jordan Atomic Energy Commission was established in place of the Jordan Nuclear Energy Commission.
It belongs to a new generation of tokamaks with the major objective being steady state operation of an advanced configuration plasma.
Secretariat of Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine is a constantly acting body that ensures activities of the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine.
The harbour authority is part of the City of Cardiff Council and is the statutory navigation authority for Cardiff Bay.
The Estonian Internal Security Service is a central national security institution of Republic of Estonia.
providing crowd control and management services in major public functions;
Its headquarters are at Paris–Le Bourget Airport in Le Bourget, near Paris.
The Department of Local Government and Administrative Services was an Australian government department that existed between December 1972 and March 1983.
It acts purely as an umbrella organization to provide economy of scale for service, and is responsible for the overall coordination of the courts.
In the 2010/11 financial year, the department had 1,651 employees and a budget of R3,686,548,000.
The OHRC's mandate under the Code includes: preventing discrimination through public education and public policy; and looking into situations where discriminatory behaviour exists.
The department was originally created in 1974 by Governor Brendan Byrne, The first Public Advocate was Stanley Van Ness.
The Commission consists of 21 Members appointed by the President.
Academia Sinica is ranked 144th in Nature Publishing Index - 2014 Global Top 200 and 22nd in Reuters World's Most Innovative Research Institutions.
Health and social care policy and funding are the responsibility of the Health and Social Care Directorates of the Scottish Government.
It is an executive agency of the Ministry of Justice.
The Ministry is headed by the Minister of Finance, currently Jeroen Dijsselbloem.
There are eight separate defined-benefit pension plans administered by URS, as well as various retirement savings plans.
They have been created to replace the Royal Brunei Police's Special Branch division, which had been disbanded.
The Ministry of Education is the Myanmar government agency responsible for education in Myanmar.
The Department of Foreign Affairs was an Australian government department that existed between November 1970 and July 1987.
It was founded in 1959 by president Adolfo López Mateos.
The agency is based in Vigo, Spain.
The Ministry currently operates from Tashichho Dzong.
The ministry is considered one of the three "sovereign" ministerial bodies of Iran due to nature of its work at home and abroad.
Presently, NICA is in close coordination with the CIA, Mossad, Secret Intelligence Service and intelligence services of ASEAN countries to counter the threat of terrorism.
(a) to note all proceedings of the House of Representatives and of any committee of the House:
It is with hope of a collective conscientious response that I submit this year’s annual report.
The CER is also the economic regulator of the Irish public water and wastewater sector.
MRAM works in concert with other government agencies with all environmental matters related to mining.
The Oklahoma Office of Management and Enterprise Services's Capital Asset Management Division is responsible for providing staff support services to the Authority.
In 2016 DFID was taken to task with accusations of misappropriation of funding in the British Overseas Territory of Montserrat.
Helping unemployed and disabled workers by administering the Unemployment Insurance and Disability Insurance programs.
It was established under the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 to reduce crime by confiscating the proceeds of any crime.
Its current CEO is Dr Peggy Brown, who was appointed in 2016.
As a last resort, the authority may withdraw the authorization for independent schools, adopt measures on the municipal local principal's expense, or to close a school.
Amnesty International has published a detailed critique of the work of the Commission and its follow-up.
The headquarters of Kerala Forest Department is located at Vazhuthacaud, in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala.
Although autonomous, the EDC operates under governmental directive.
Its predecessor was the U.S. Disarmament Administration, part of the Department of State.
It was created in 2009 after the election of President Jacob Zuma, when the former Department of Education was divided.
The Ministry of Gender, Social Welfare and Religious Affairs is a ministry of the Government of South Sudan.
Palestine Post is the company responsible for postal service in the State of Palestine.
In 2007, more than 141 million cars and trucks used the DRJTBC's network of Delaware River bridge crossings.
The NJSEA also contributed to the construction of the Meadowlands Environment Center in Lyndhurst, just across Berry's Creek from the Sports Complex.
It also popularizes touristic potential of the region on an international level and favors implementation of various innovations in tourism sphere.
The CalEPA Unified Program coordinates, and makes consistent the administrative requirements, permits, inspections, and enforcement activities of six environmental and emergency response programs.
On 3 March 2016, a money bill was introduced in the Parliament to give legislative backing to Aadhaar.
The BORSTAR national headquarters is in El Paso, Texas, and units are stationed in each southwest Border Patrol sector.
He has since been reappointed by Governors Frank Keating, Brad Henry and Mary Fallin in 1996, 2000, 2004, 2008 and 2012.
^ "Michigan Legislature - Act 154 of 1974".
A new uniform was introduced and following the transition there was increase in the number of officers authorised to carry firearms.
The Ministry of Justice of Ukraine is the main body in the system of central government that regulates state legal policy.
The ministry oversees information policy in Ukraine.
The Security Police, is the Japanese close protection unit mandated with the responsibility of protecting domestic and foreign VIPs on Japanese soil and abroad.
It works under the following pieces of legislation and regulation of the Government of Pakistan: Plant Quarantine Act 1976 Agricultural Pesticide Rules and Agricultural Pesticide Ordinance.
The Australian Financial Security Authority is the Australian Government agency responsible for administering the Australian PPS Register.
The Australian Patent Office is a division of IP Australia which is an agency of the Department of Industry, Innovation and Science.
The Tribunal was superseded by the New South Wales Civil and Administrative Tribunal which came into effect from 1 January 2014.
The minutes of all Authority meetings are subject to approval by the Governor.
            Organising press conferences for ministers and officials;
The Canadian Nuclear Safety Commission is the federal regulator of nuclear power and materials in Canada.
One of the well known Directors was Rafi' Dahham Mejwel Al-Tikriti the former Iraqi Ambassador to Turkey and the last Chief of the Iraqi Intelligence Service.
The Government's response is expected mid 2016.
The first governor Croat Johan Salis-Seewis took office at the start of 1916.
The Commission now oversees all regulatory responsibilities previously handled by the government through the Financial Services Department.
It was created in 2002 from the reform and split of Urząd Ochrony Państwa, which was split into Agencja Wywiadu and Agencja Bezpieczeństwa Wewnętrznego.
The Agency for Renewable Resources has been entrusted with managing the programme.
The Media Development Authority was a statutory board of the Singapore Government, under the Ministry of Communications and Information.
Bureau personnel participate regularly as Special Verification Advisors to, and as members of, delegations to ongoing bilateral and multilateral agreements.
Civilian Review and Complaints Commission for the Royal Canadian Mounted Police
It owns the Hollywood Bowl and the John Anson Ford Amphitheatre.
In addition, the Initiative serves as a resource for information related to closing the educational achievement gap for Hispanic Americans.
The Attorney General's Department is a non-ministerial government department in Sri Lanka that supports the Attorney General and his/her deputy the Solicitor General.
The agency was founded in 1977 as the Welfare and Training Fund for Overseas Workers.
The Naval Supply Systems Command is a command of the United States Navy.
Darren Chester MP, the Minister for Regional Development, Senator the Hon.
APRA was established on 1 July 1998 in response to the recommendations of the Wallis Inquiry.
It has responsibilities to conduct monitoring of water and air quality, and maintains monitoring data.
The authority was established by the London Olympic Games and Paralympic Games Act 2006.
The Department of Works and Railways was an Australian government department that existed between November 1916 and April 1932.
It was replaced by the Ministry of Transport, Construction and Maritime Economy, and the Ministry of Administration and Digitization.
The agency had record lending volumes in late 2010.
SCS collection tactics allegedly encompass "close surveillance, burglary, wiretapping, [and] breaking and entering".
Hong Kong is a major cargo port—175 million tonnes of cargo went through its port and 18.1 million TEU in 2000.
By 1974, the AEC's regulatory programs had come under such strong attack that Congress decided to abolish the agency.
Other OSS functions included the use of propaganda, subversion, and post-war planning.
On 13 August 2010, it was leaked to the media, ahead of an official announcement, that the Commission was to be scrapped.
The Northern Ireland Office is a UK government department responsible for Northern Ireland affairs.
The current Chairman is Judge Christopher James Godfrey.
The Agency focuses national attention on developing and applying disease control and prevention.
FINTRAC was established under the Proceeds of Crime Act, which was amended in December, 2001 to become the Proceeds of Crime and Terrorist Financing Act.
The name Federal Ministry for Food, Agriculture and Consumer Protection was adopted on 22 November 2005 simply to alphabetize its functional parts in the German language.
The Mexican Geological Survey is an agency of the Mexican government.
The Colorado Department of Revenue is the principal department of the Colorado state government responsible for collecting governmental revenue and taxes within the state.
The current minister is Dr. Tawfiq Al-Rabiah.
The Ministry of Electricity of Iraq is the federal government ministry concerned with electricity.
The agency participated in World Statistics Day, with activities honoring senior statisticians, holding workshops, and with the launching of their new website.
The current Minister of the Interior is Abdi Farah Juxa
MSC also monitors and conducts research on climate, atmospheric science, air quality, water quantities, ice and other environmental issues.
The Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research is a ministry of the government in the United Arab Emirates.
The agency was established pursuant to the Housing Act 2001.
The military intelligence service, or the Mukhabarat in Arabic, is very influential in Syrian politics and is controlled by the President.
A Targeted Review of Qualifications at levels 1-6 on New Zealand’s ten-level qualifications framework commenced in 2008.
PBS compiles statistics from many sources and produces global updates, including the Statistical Yearbook, Pakistan Statistics Handbook and yearbooks in specialized fields of statistics.
It was formed in 2007 and absorbed the former Department of Families, Community Services and Indigenous Affairs.
To help develop sound policies and good workplace practices, the Authority works with various Advisory Committees and Task Forces etc.
It is headquartered in the state capital of Springfield.
By now the word “Delegation” still appears in the official English name for the Russian Trade Representative’s Office to the UK.
The committee included The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, FBI Director William H. Webster, Attorney General Edwin Meese III and other top cabinet officials.
It is headquartered in Dongcheng District, Beijing.
The foundation is tasked with informing the country’s leadership on projects that can ensure Russian superiority in defense technology.
In July 2014, it was transferred to the Department for Education in that Cabinet reshuffle.
It does so by assisting with planning strategies, formulating policies, and programs for development.
Financing Geothermal projects in Myanmar use an estimated break even power cost of 5.3-8.6 U.S cents/kWh or in Myanmar Kyat 53-86K per kWh.
VITA provides computing and telecommunication services, which it groups as ‘custom infrastructure services’ and ‘bundled infrastructure services’.
There is also material from private institutions and individuals with an association to the Dutch government or the political or social history of the Netherlands.
organization, financing, development and upgrading of the upbringing, education and science
The Social Security Administration was established by a law codified at 42 U.S.C.
The central issue in the case was whether appropriative water rights must consider the public trust doctrine, requiring protection of natural resources by the state.
Its current Director is Carlos Rivas Quiñones.
The Office of the Secretary of Defense is a headquarters-level staff of the Department of Defense of the United States of America.
It was named Ministry of Labour and Social Policy until late 2015 when it was renamed to Ministry of Family, Labour and Social Policy.
The Central Intelligence Organisation is the national intelligence agency or "secret police" of Zimbabwe.
CONABIO performs its functions via an operative group that, since its inception, has been led by José Sarukhán Kermez as National Coordinator.
In 1987, the Department of Health was merged with the Department of Community Services to form the Department of Community Services and Health.
AACO administers federal, state and city funded HIV/AIDS core treatment and prevention programs in Philadelphia.
The Office of the Advocate General for Scotland is a ministerial department of the United Kingdom government.
The ministry oversees 63 downstream agencies and authorities where around 25,000 people work
In 2010, RIMA underwent a restructuring process which was aimed at improving its overall performance.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare contains two divisions:>
Fulfilling an election pledge of then-President and 2000 Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Kim Dae-Jung, the Commission was launched as an independent governmental body.
The Ministry of Minority Affairs & Madrassah Education of West Bengal is a Bengal government ministry.
The GNECB is headed by an officer of Detective Chief Superintendent rank, who reports to the Assistant Commissioner of Special Crime Operations.
The Ohio Lottery is run by the Ohio Lottery Commission.
In the United States, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. is a private corporation that acts as a self-regulatory organization.
In 1990, the fraction of military personnel was 35%.
The Ministry of Petroleum manages the oil industry, the producer of oil and petrochemical products.
Students in the Hurunui and Kaikoura districts were unable to attend their exams as their schools were closed, meaning they had to use their derived grades.
North Oil Company is situated in Kirkuk, Iraq.
The Commission replaced an association which met informally to consider matters related to higher education.
It is a member of the Multi-State Lottery Association.
The Ordnungspolizei encompassed virtually all of Nazi Germany's law-enforcement and emergency response organizations, including fire brigades, coast guard, civil defense, and even night watchmen.
The Ministry of the Environment is a ministry of the Government of Haiti.
The agency was led by Genrikh Yagoda, Nikolai Yezhov and Lavrentiy Beria.
Los Angeles World Airports is the airport oversight and operations department for the city of Los Angeles, California.
It is the official provider of data, statistics, and reports.
The Administration directorate provides agency support, technology support, and grants management.
The customs and consumption tax directorates of the Oberfinanzdirektionen Chemnitz, Karlsruhe, Koblenz, Cottbus, Hamburg, Cologne and Nuremberg are closed.
The current BMVI originated by renaming the BMVBS through an organizational decree by the Merkel III Cabinet on December 17, 2013.
The Ministry of Worship is a ministry of the Government of Haiti.
HDC focuses on the development of halal standards; branding and promotion; and commercial development of halal products and services.
The level of authority in budget and policy approval and implementation are based on the primary and secondary ranks of the administrative figures.
The Oregon State Bar is a government agency in the U.S. state of Oregon.
It is overseen by the Minister of Justice and Attorney General, James Allum.
Prize winners are the lot owners whose postal code, a code that forms part of the winners' residential address, has been drawn.
Developing and administering the Electricity Industry Participation Code
The Library Commission is a clearinghouse for state government publications and makes many documents accessible online.
The Kansas Department of Revenue is a cabinet-level department of the state government of Kansas.
Robin Pike was the executive director before her position was eliminated.
This facility is also equipped to operate as a Statewide Transportation Emergency Operations Center.
assistance to other New Zealand government agencies
Lotterywest established in 1932, runs the lottery in Western Australia.
Connellsville Municipal Authority provides sewage treatment to Connellsville, South Connellsville, and Connellsville Township in Fayette County, Pennsylvania.
Ministry of Finance is one of the governmental bodies of Kuwait and part of the cabinet.
The five Guard components have over 16,000 officers and enlisted personnel with a $450+ million dollar budget.
The section has the responsibility of codifying responses from the public on policy matters and to report it to the concerned Ministers.
The Office of the Secretary is located in Topeka, the state capital of Kansas.
The government claimed the same jurisdiction over Ukraine as the General Secretariat.
Water supply and sewerage between 1855 and 1891
Office of Mental Health and Substance Abuse Services
The FSSAI has its headquarters at New Delhi.
The total cargo moved by the inland waterway was just 0.1% of the total inland traffic in India, compared to the 21% figure for United States.
It is also the national standards and conformance body.
Its ongoing responsibility is to ensure that Canadians can exercise their choices in federal elections and referendums through an open and impartial process.
Daily press summary sent to all Ministers Office.
The Colorado Department of Regulatory Agencies is the principal department of the Colorado state government responsible for professional licensing and consumer protection.
In addition to the department there are five agencies and three review bodies within the Public Safety portfolio headed by the Minister of Public Safety.
The Ministry of Labour, Public Service and Human Resource Development is a ministry of the Government of South Sudan.
It is called the Technological Innovation Fund, known as Libertad.
Assistant Deputy Minister, Community Safety and Countering Crime Branch
At first, the Statistics Division was established under the technical directions Scientist Emeritus of PAEC, dr. Asghar Qadir.
The body was part of the Department for Communities and Local Government  and was abolished in the 2010 UK quango reforms.
It has a wide range of investments in various tourist resources and tourism industry projects.
The Manitoba Human Rights Commission is a quasi-judicial arms-length agency of the Government of Manitoba that is responsible for enforcing The Human Rights Code.
The headquarters of the ministry is the Diwan Fort in Manama, colloquially referred to as "al-gal'aa".
Queensland Health had 64,192 employees and a budget of $11.05 billion in the 2012–2013 fiscal year.
It also supervises the General Directorate of Prisons and Detention Centers.
The Oklahoma Secretary of Agriculture is a member of the Oklahoma Governor's Cabinet.
The Ministry governs and regulates the activity of medical professionals, hospitals and clinics in the country.
The ministry was established by an Act of parliament bearing No 41 of 1978.
Child Support - a departmental master program providing support to separated parents
The spaceport is located about 485 km south of Seoul.
In November 1999, it was renamed to its current name.
It was the first Russian trade representation abroad  and it began the history of trade representations of Russia in foreign countries.
Fish and Wildlife Service Daniel M. Ashe, of Maryland, who was confirmed on June 30, 2011, succeeding Sam Hamilton.
Ministry of Industry and Trade is the ministry that is responsible for industry and trade in Somalia.
Its head office is located on the fourth storey of Singapore Changi Airport's Terminal 2.
ensure compliance with international and marine laws
Temasek Polytechnic is an institution of higher learning located in Tampines, Singapore.
Currently, Community Centres provides more than 200 services.
According to NHRC's chairman Win Mra, the commission was formed under the Paris Principles, as an independent body, to investigate complaints of possible human rights violations.
The NOAA Central Library is the flagship library of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s network of over 20 research libraries.
The agency publishes daily solar ultraviolet radiation levels for many locations in Australia.
DFO is responsible for several organizations, including the Canadian Coast Guard and the Canadian Hydrographic Service.
The HSE is Ireland's largest employer with over 67,000 direct employees, and another 40,000 in funded health care organisations.
The most well-known hospital in the HHC system is Bellevue Hospital, the oldest public hospital in the United States.
The Commission came into being as a result of the proclamation of the Securities Industry Act in 1997.
The authority is also responsible for issuing guidelines to allow the liberalization of the retirement sector in the country.
Talk of its demise, however, was somewhat premature.
Afghanistan first established a postal service in 1870, where it received international recognition.
The Australian Department of Industry was a department of the Australian Government charged with shaping Australia's future economy through skills, discovery and innovation.
37 Wildlife Refuges, including Hamoon and Miandasht Wildlife Refuges, and
The South African Secret Service was the previous name of a South African intelligence agency.
The CSSF is the competent authority for the public auditor oversight.
The Afghanistan-Pakistan Center of Excellence is an internal think tank at the United States Central Command focused on Afghanistan, Pakistan, and the Central Asian States.
MEMA operates the Maryland Joint Operations Center, the agency's twenty-four-hour warning point and communications / operations center.
The Climate Change Authority is an Australian statutory agency established under the Climate Change Authority Act 2011.
For a list of other uses see ITA
Citizen militias were formed as a response, but soon these would be transformed along political lines.
In January 2017, Deputy Director Nadine M. Neufville became Acting Director.
34/2011 by President Thein Sein with 15 commissioners.
BIN is responsible both for co-ordinating information sharing and operations between Indonesia's other intelligence agencies and for mounting operations on its own.
All members are either independent oil or natural gas producers or representatives of major oil companies that do business in Oklahoma.
The Justice Management Division is a division of the United States Department of Justice.
The Record Office contains more than four miles of original Derbyshire records.
The body was established on 1 April 2011 under the Housing Act 2010.
Nothing was subtracted from the farmer’s share except the cost of marketing and delivery."
The organisation sits within the Attorney-General's Department, reporting to the Attorney-General George Brandis.
RIVM performs tasks to promote public health and a safe living environment by conducting research and collecting knowledge worldwide.
They operate via a risk-based approach towards their supervision of licensees, following a program known as PRISM.
It has responsibility for geographical and hydrographic names within New Zealand and its territorial waters.
These trunklines were signed in 1919, making Michigan the second state to post numbers on its highways.
The People's Secretariat of Ukraine was the executive body of the Provisional Central Executive Committee of Soviets in Ukraine.
Lincoln is in charge of weather forecasts, warnings and local statements as well as aviation weather.
The current Minister of Advanced Education and Skills is Gery Byrne.
Alleged federal law violations by indigent defendants are prosecuted and defended in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana.
The ministry is led by the minister, Abdul Rahman Mohammed Al Oweis.
Kansas State Department Board of Education is Kansas's Board of Education, headquartered in Topeka.
It is the only directly elected regional government and metropolitan planning organization in the United States.
The current Director is Ed Lake, who was appointed by Governor Mary Fallin on November 1, 2012.
The National Blood Centre Of Malaysia also known as National Blood Bank is a Malaysia’s premiere blood centre.
The Department of Orang Asli Development, abbreviated JAKOA, is the Malaysian government agency entrusted to oversee the affairs of the Orang Asli.
On 1 April 2011 it merged with the Tribunals Service to form Her Majesty's Courts and Tribunals Service.
The service was replaced by Egyptian Homeland Security.
The Office québécois de la langue française is a public organization established on March 24, 1961 by the Liberal government of Jean Lesage.
IPART is responsible to the Premier of New South Wales, presently Gladys Berejiklian MP.
The director oversees the day-to-day operations of the agency, including direct supervision of the functional areas tasked with Preparedness, Response, Recovery, Mitigation, and Finance and Administration.
The Ministry interested of human rights propaganda, Saddam regime victims, victims of terrorism rights, martyrs rights, prisoners rights and mass graves in Iraq.
The Ministry of Social Development is the public service department of New Zealand charged with advising the government on social policy, and providing social services.
Ministry of Planning and Finance is currently led by Kyaw Win, who was appointed by President Htin Kyaw on 30 March 2016.
The California Office of Administrative Law is the California agency responsible for carrying out the rulemaking part of the California Administrative Procedure Act.
The Department of Health, Food and Environmental Hygiene Department, Agriculture, Fisheries and Conservation Department, and the Government Laboratory report to the Bureau.
Its purpose is to preserve, protect, manage, and maintain the natural resources of the state.
ACL’s Principal Deputy Administrator serves as Senior Advisor to the HHS Secretary for Disability Policy.
the Office of Children and Family Services
The Department of Education and Children is a department of the Isle of Man Government.
After the reelection of President Karzai he formed a second administration.
During emergency events EPA provides expert advice to emergency services.
The vision of MIOSHA is to enhance the quality of life and contribute to the economic vitality in Michigan.
It was previously known as the "Ministry of Economy".
He said the population grows at an alarming 1 million Egyptians every six months and called this type of growth "a virus" that must be addressed.
The Arts and Humanities Research Council [5]
On 1 July 2012, the management of the national immunisation schedule, and assessment of new vaccines, transferred to Pharmac from the Ministry of Health.
It enforces and directs regulations concerning transport, from roads and railways to ports and aviation.
It was constituted in 2008 by an Act of the Andhra Pradesh legislature.
In carrying out this mission, the Department of Labor administers and enforces more than 180 federal laws and thousands of federal regulations.
This ministry is responsible for Agriculture, Natural Resources and Rural Development along with playing an integral role in the Prime Minister's Cabinet.
The Ministry of Finance is a cabinet ministry in the Government of Thailand.
It was the first of 17 new Australian Government departments to be established during the war, and was responsible for both censorship and disseminating government propaganda.
The purview of the Ministry includes forestry, aquaculture, irrigation and the salt industry; it is also involved in water management and flood control.
A result of this agreement is that it relieves MdSHA of some of the additional resource cost of the regular duties with regards to signals.
Subordinate to the Norwegian Ministry of the Environment, it manages the Cultural Heritage Act of June 9, 1978.
Some of its key projects include small business development, online services, and large-scale investment from high-tech businesses such as Boeing.
Ministry of Agricultural Development is governmental body of Nepal responsible for the growth and development of agriculture sector in the country.
It also plays direct role in implementing various eServices in the local bodies.
The Virginia Lottery also offers numerous scratchers.
The Department of Public Enterprises is one of the ministries of the South African government.
Current communications minister is Abdul Raziq Wahidi.
The Department of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries is one of the departments of the South African government.
Based in Edinburgh, it is an executive non-departmental public body of the Scottish Government.
The Federal Foundation for the Reappraisal of the SED Dictatorship is a government-funded organisation established in 1998 by the German parliament.
The Office of Educational Quality and Accountability is overseen by the seven-member Commission for Educational Quality and Accountability, which is the agency's governing body.
It was accredited in 2004 with an “A status” in the ICC.
which focus on specific occupations and hazards.
Policy questions are outside its legal jurisdiction when approving or disapproving budgets."
It describes itself as providing "Actuarial analysis - For the public sector - From the public sector".
The incumbent minister is David Deng Athorbei, while Rhoda David Alak serves as deputy minister.
According to Executive Order 9332 Establishing the Solid Fuels Administration for War,
Ambulance Tasmania, formerly known as the Tasmanian Ambulance Service, provides ambulance services in the state of Tasmania, Australia.
FGIS also establishes standard testing methodologies to accurately and consistently measure grain quality.
The Ministry of Finance of Ukraine was created in 1991 soon after Ukraine gained independence from the Soviet Union.
It is also ASADA’s role to inform the sporting community of drugs and related safety issues.
The Commission in turn appoints a Director, who serves as the executive head of the Department.
The Arms Control Bureau, a predecessor to the AVC Bureau, was established on April 1, 1999 by Secretary Madeleine Albright.
James G. Watt was another prominent FPC commissioner, who conducted prayer meetings prior to the FPC sessions.
As part of its risk management process, ECGD has to make a judgement on the ability of a country to meet its debt obligations.
The Israeli Ministry of Finance is a part of the Israeli political system.
As a governmental ministry, it was established on June 22, 1945 with the Act of Parliament No.
NIMH is the largest research organization in the world specializing in mental illness.
The drafting of the most central laws, the functioning of the judicial system and the enforcement of sentences also belong to the jurisdiction of the ministry.
It performs many administrative functions formerly carried out by the former United States Immigration and Naturalization Service, which was part of the Department of Justice.
The ministry is headed by a Minister of Agriculture, who is responsible to President.
The ACIC Board includes representatives of Commonwealth, State and Territory law enforcement and key national security and regulatory agencies.
As of June 30, 2015, the System had nearly 260,000 active members with an estimated annual active payroll of $12.7 billion.
The Ministry of Finance is the Iraq government agency responsible for finance of Iraq and banks.
The Bundesfinanzdirektionen replaced the federal parts of the Oberfinanzdirektionen in Germany.
In the 2011/12 budget the department had a budget of R595 million and a staff complement of 45 civil servants.
The executive and political head of authority at the ministry is the Minister of Finance who must be an elected member of the Parliament of Pakistan.
The Department of Civil Aviation is subordinate to this ministry.
The incumbent minister is Gier Chuang Aluong, while Simon Majok Majak serves as deputy minister.
With a market share of nearly 100%, it controls all major functions of electricity generation, transmission, distribution and retailing in Sri Lanka.
The Department of Space is an Indian government department responsible for administration of the Indian space program.
Established by the Taiwan government in 1995, NHRI is under the supervision of the Ministry of Health and Welfare.
The January 2016 edition reviews 96 children's deaths and opens with an introduction from the Inspector General, Denise Kane:
It also provides programs and coordinates events to memorialize The Holocaust.
Today, JSC is one of ten major NASA field centers.
Enabling rapid adoption of proven practices, helping reduce unwanted variation, and improving the coordination of care across time and treatment venues;
The review aimed to ensure that New Zealand qualifications are useful and relevant to current and future learners, employers and other stakeholders.
The base of the municipal police are stationed in the local state government offices.
The Department of Health and Social Care is the largest of the seven departments of the Isle of Man Government.
It is responsible for managing the business support for all other state agencies, boards, and commissions.
The Department of Law of state of Tamil Nadu is one of the Department of Government of Tamil Nadu
The Ministry of Power was created on 11 June 1942 from functions separated from the Board of Trade.
It soon developed a reputation for brutality, participating in war crimes such as the Le Paradis massacre in 1940 during the Fall of France.
SECA is also tasked to monitor and analyse economic crime trends, initiate joint action between authorities and propose legislative changes designed curb economic crime.
The lieutenant governor also serves as the president of the Oklahoma Senate, and may cast a vote to break ties in that chamber.
GCAA or Ghana Civil Aviation Authority is the national aviation authority and regulatory agency of the Republic of Ghana for air transportation in the country.
The DAE is under the direct charge of the Prime Minister.
The Department of Water is the department of the Government of Western Australia that is responsible for management of Western Australia's water resources.
The National Recovery Administration was a prime New Deal agency established by U.S. president Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1933.
The MHS has a $50 billion budget and serves about 10 million beneficiaries, including active duty personnel and their families and retirees and their families.
The counsel is appointed by the Speaker of the House and must
Both local and national governments allocate funds to subsidize the indigent.
The incumbent minister is Martin Elia Lomuro, while Nadia Arop Dudi serves as deputy minister.
The ministry is responsible to President and led by a minister.
VA employs 377,805 people at hundreds of Veterans Affairs medical facilities, clinics, benefits offices, and cemeteries.
It serves the counties of Hedmark, Oppland and northern Akershus.
Its operation is governed by the Pennsylvania Housing and Assistance Law of 1949 as well as the Urban Redevelopment Law of 1956.
The National Endowment for the Arts is an independent agency of the United States federal government that offers support and funding for projects exhibiting artistic excellence.
business community and entrepreneurs, for the creation of wealth and employment.
The DCGI is advised by the Drug Technical Advisory Board and the Drug Consultative Committee.
Courts within their jurisdiction include the Los Angeles County Superior Court, the California Court of Appeal for the Second District, and the California Supreme Court.
First founded as the North Carolina Historical Commission in 1903, the State Archives has undergone multiple changes in organization, title, and relation to other state agencies.
It is headed by the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Minister of Excise & Taxation, who is a member of the Chief Minister's Cabinet.
The agency includes 10 regional offices, 8 processing centers, approximately 1300 field offices, and 37 Teleservice Centers.
For example, the hydrogeology section was moved to the Waters and Rivers Commission in 1996.
It regulates the capital markets in Brazil and all of its participant.
25 October] 1917 from the Russian Ministry of Posts and Telegraphs and retained its organisational structure.
The strategy was launched in June 2012 with the two main goals of Accelerated Māori learner success and advanced use of mātauranga Māori.
Page also has a radar, model forecast and warnings.
The Singapore Land Authority is a statutory board under the Ministry of Law of the Singapore Government.
FAPSI or Federal Agency of Government Communications and Information was a Russian government agency, which was responsible for signal intelligence and security of governmental communications.
As of 2006, it was the largest administrative agency of the state of Illinois in terms of state employee headcount, with 14,057 employees.
The district now supplies irrigation water to 3,100 agricultural customers, electrical service to over 110,000 customers, and drinking water to the city of Modesto.
It has a subsidiary radio station known as the Voice of Palestine and a satellite channel known as Palestinian Satellite Channel.
Amid his varied responsibilities, the Commissioner administers a complaint system and issues Codes of Practice or rules for particular industries, contexts and sectors.
The Department is headquartered in Madison, Wisconsin.
It celebrated its 100th anniversary in 2005, and its 35th as the Ohio Department of Transportation in 2007.
The California Department of Public Health is the state department responsible for public health in California.
The committee consists of 15 people's deputies in the parliament's 8th convocation.
Revenue NSW administers state taxation and revenue programs for and on behalf of the people of NSW.
On May 16, 2017, Heather Wilson was sworn in as the next Secretary of the Air Force.
MCMC is also charged with overseeing the new regulatory framework for the converging telecommunications and broadcasting industries and online activities.
The Ministry of Defense of Argentina is a ministry of the national executive power that deals with everything related to the country's national defense.
A comprehensive economic review of the state is prepared by the board every year.
The organisation had a civilian and military workforce of around 29,000, in the UK and abroad.
Since January 2017, Sigmar Gabriel has served as Foreign Minister, succeeding Frank-Walter Steinmeier.
Encourage better use of science in Government, foster public service innovation, and support other Government objectives which depend on DIUS’ expertise and remit.
Its principal governing act today is the Accident Compensation Act 2001.
The Building and Construction Authority is a statutory board under the Ministry of National Development of the Singapore Government.
The agency funds and indirectly administers the Straits Exchange Foundation which is the official intermediary with the PRC.
Freight transportation by waterways is highly under-utilised in India compared to other large countries and geographic areas like the United States, China and the European Union.
In 2009, Metrolinx was transferred ownership of GO Transit, which operates regional commuter rail and coach services in the region.
The Public Records Act 2005 greatly expanded the role of Archives New Zealand and the powers of the Chief Archivist.
The South Dakota Department of Corrections is the agency that operates state prisons in South Dakota.
The ministry offices are in Phnom Penh.
It is subordinate to the Norwegian Ministry of Trade and Industry.
The Province of Quebec immediately filed a request for an injunction to prevent the destruction of the data.
representing properties in numerical terms based on certain rules.
GSA Advantage is an online shopping and ordering service created within the GSA organization.
The ten members of the Board of Education are each elected to four-year terms.
The literal translation of Openbaar Ministerie, "Public Ministry", can lead to a misunderstanding, as the OM is not a ministry like the Ministry of Finance.
The Ministry is headed by the Minister of Health, Welfare and Sport, currently Edith Schippers.
The State Government was responsible to the Poglavnik, who appointed members of the government, and he or the President or Vice President, led government sessions.
It has its main office at Quedlinburg and centres at Berlin, Braunschweig, Darmstadt, Dossenheim, Dresden-Pillnitz, Elsdorf, Groß Lüsewitz, Kleinmachnow, Münster and Siebeldingen.
Manitoba Conservation is a department of the Government of Manitoba.
The institute is named after Alexander von Humboldt, a German naturalist who conducted research on the biodiversity of Colombia and Latin America.
Managing state properties/wealth that fall within its responsibilities;
Since 1983, coins are only produced in San Luis Potosí.
The Department of Transport was an Australian government department that existed between March 1983 and July 1987.
Department for Climate, Energy, Environment and Research
It formerly conducted research, but the Institute of Marine Research was split out in 1989.
The Ministry of Agriculture and Fishers is the governmental body in the Sultanate of Oman responsible for all matters relating to agriculture and fisheries.
With the exception of Saskatchewan, conservation rules for freshwater fisheries are enacted under the Fisheries Act; six provinces administer these regulations in their own fisheries.
It was formed on 28 October 2010 in accordance with the 2010 State Peace and Development Council Law.
A landmark case on this matter is in the 2002 case of Sagong bin Tasi & Ors v Kerajaan Negeri Selangor.
The Department of Trade and Resources was an Australian government department that existed between December 1977 and March 1983.
The current minister is Thawar Chand Gehlot, who is assisted by a Minister of State, Vijay Sampla, Krishan Pal Gujjar and Ramdas Athavale.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is the national ministry of foreign affairs of Mauritania.
promote, coordinate, manage, undertake and secure the orderly and economic development and use of the foreshore area, including the provision of infrastructure, and
The Comisión Nacional de la Competencia is a Spanish competition regulator responsible for enforcing competition law.
In 2008, it was combined with another ministry and renamed the Ministry of Education, Science and Technology.
Wilson chose to appoint Frank Cousins, General Secretary of the Transport and General Workers Union, who had not previously sat in Parliament.
Such information bears the page marking TOP SECRET//RD-CNWDI and the paragraph marking.
The Investment Development Authority of Lebanon is the national investment promotion agency of Lebanon.
The authority is overseen by a fifteen-member board of directors, made up of residents throughout Cambria County.
Mexico also has permanent observer mission status to the AU, CAN, CE, Mercosur, NAM and Unasur.
Operations directorate focuses on response and recovery.
It is commonly known as Kōrō-shō in Japan.
On February 10, 2011, Governor Mary Fallin appointed Kim Edd Carter as the second Director of OKOHS.
The agency's primary purpose is to coordinate the response to any disaster that has occurred in South Korea which overwhelms the resources of local government authorities.
Housing New Zealand Corporation is a Crown agency that provides housing services for New Zealanders in need.
It does not investigate road accidents except where they affect the safety of aviation, marine, or rail
The Veterans Benefits Administration is "an organizational element of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs".
Statistics Iceland is the main official institute providing statistics on the nation of Iceland.
New Zealand Trade and Enterprise is New Zealand’s economic development and trade promotion agency.
General Renato Ricci appointed as its commandant.
America’s first successful flight was in 1903, but amazingly, five years would pass before the first fatal aviation accident.
It provides legal assistance to individuals charged with a crime in state court who are financially unable to retain private counsel.
The Ministry's organizational structure was last set by Chapter XV of Supreme Decree 29894, issued by President Evo Morales on 7 February 2009.
The Prime Minister's Department was an Australian government department that existed between July 1911 and March 1971.
While this has taken longer than we would have preferred, we want to ensure that appropriate consideration is given."
These include aviation, rail traffic, mass transit, intrastate highway shipping traffic, motor vehicle safety & licensing, and driver licensing.
The Department of Housing, Planning, Community and Local Government is a department of the Government of Ireland.
Local Government Officials Development Institute is a training institute under the Ministry of the Interior and Safety in the Republic of Korea.
Mitch Fifield, who is currently the Minister for Communications and Minister for the Arts
184, s. 1936, as the first government agency to foster the development of the Philippine national language.
The Ministry of Higher Education is one of the governmental bodies of Egypt and part of the cabinet.
It is the apex organisation in country in the field of pollution control, as a technical wing of MoEF.
The Consellería's principal role is the management of the relationship between the Xunta and the local authorities, as well as the legal system.
SHR is the successor to the previous Scottish Housing Regulator agency, which exercised Scottish Ministers' powers under the Housing Act 2001.
Formed in 1954, as a direct successor of such preceding agencies as the Cheka, NKGB, and MGB, the committee was attached to the Council of Ministers.
Implementing State planning and smart growth policies also is the responsibility of the Department of Planning.
The ETF offers these countries insight, know-how and experience in training people for new jobs and in developing lifelong learning programmes.
Today's Packers and Stockyards Program is the progeny of the Packers and Stockyards Administration, which was established in 1921 under the Packers and Stockyards Act.
The name SMERSH was coined by Joseph Stalin.
Howe Building at 235 Queen Street in Ottawa, Ontario.
These, together with other aspects of monetary policy, are governed by the People's Bank of China, China's central bank.
Those reforms resulted in more than $77 million in savings.
As a non-ministerial government department it is operationally independent of central government.
The Florida Department of Transportation is a decentralized agency charged with the establishment, maintenance, and regulation of public transportation in the state of Florida.
The bureau is managed by the Secretary for the Environment.
The phrase is a metaphor for the way science and technology can open up new opportunities for New Zealand businesses.
The agency was created in 1914 as the Regional State Archives in Kristiania, and initially covered all of Eastern Norway and Agder.
A 750 m line of 134 palms forms the Avenue of Royal Palms leading from the entrance into the gardens.
The Ministry of Defence of Brazil, is the civilian cabinet organization responsible for managing the Military of Brazil.
The Board of Investment has been awarded the prestigious ISO 9001:2008 Quality Management Certification on 3 December 2013.
The National Counterterrorism Center is a United States government organization responsible for national and international counterterrorism efforts.
Its mission is to build and maintain roads and bridges and administer mass transit services.
It allows enrollees to compare health insurance plans and provides those who qualify with access to tax credits.
The 4th and current Secretary of Agriculture is Jim Reese, who was appointed by Governor Mary Fallin in 2011.
Collect and process crime statistics at the national level and clearing house of information on crime and criminals both at National and International levels.
The broad aim of the ministry is to develop and deploy new and renewable energy for supplementing the energy requirements of India.
Its customers are commercial and private aviation and the military, and it employs more than 35,000 controllers, technicians, engineers and support workers.
FBR has two major wings: the Inland Revenue & Customs.
It was created by an amendment to article VI of the California Constitution in 1926.
The National Anti-Poverty Commission is a government agency of the Republic of the Philippines.
In Iran, this organization is subset of Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance.
The department falls under the purview of the Development Bureau.
IDA Ireland has a global network of offices in USA, Europe, and Asia-Pacific.
Provincial governments have enacted provincial fisheries legislation, for the licensing of their fisheries.
The ACT Fire and Rescue is the urban fire and rescue service for the Australian Capital Territory.
Assist and facilitate development and generation of ARE to achieve sustainable economic growth
It was established under the Private Security Services Act 2004.
The Ministry of Health of the Russian Federation is an agency of the government of Russia, headquartered in Moscow.
In fiscal year 2011-12, CSLB obtained more than $36 million in ordered restitution for consumers.
The Vojnoobaveštajna agencija or VOA is the military intelligence agency of the Serbian Ministry of Defence.
Since its inception under Harry S. Truman, the function of the Council has been to advise and assist the president on national security and foreign policies.
The National Research Council is the primary national research and technology organization of the Government of Canada, in science and technology research and development.
DGFI is regarded as one of the most dreaded intelligence agencies in the world due to its aggressive techniques.
It does not concern with ordinary criminal activities.
From 2014 this department is under Transport minister Nitin Gadkari.
In 1972, the Department of Highways was reorganized as the Ministry of Transportation and Communications, which then became the Ministry of Transportation in 1987.
Oman News Agency or ONA was established by Royal decree in 1997 and the official news agency of the government of Oman.
Assistant Deputy Minister, Emergency Management and Programs Branch
GSA Advantage is an online government purchasing service run by the General Services Administration or GSA.
ESO functions as a centre for technology and business competence alongside Tartu Observatory which has responsibility for space science, space exploration and remote sensing.
The headquarters are in Jongno District, Seoul.
In August 2013, its debts totalled $73.1 billion.
The Department of Civil Aviation, Myanmar is an agency of the government of Burma.
The agency specializes in collection and analysis of human-source intelligence, both overt and clandestine, while also handling American military-diplomatic relations abroad.
Wilfredo Caraballo served as Public Advocate from 1990 to 1992, resigning in protest of Republican Party efforts in the legislature to reduce his powers.
It was formerly known as the Telecommunications Authority).
It is governed by the United States Secretary of Transportation.
The committee is headquartered in Yakimanka District, Central Administrative Okrug, Moscow, Russia.
Investors in People assessments are conducted locally through local Delivery Centres across the UK and internationally.
The current Minister of Northern Development and Mines is Michael Gravelle.
This article is about the South Vietnamese police.
The budget includes funding for NASA, sometimes with explicit instructions on how to allocate money to the project level, based on NASA's recommendations.
The Department was created in 1969 during the term of Governor Dewey F. Bartlett.
The Ministry's structure went through few changes due to the Soviet government's conservative approaches to change.
It was formed in 2013 from the section of the UK Border Agency that had administered the visa system.
Rosfinmonitoring is considered as Russia's main body for financial intelligence.
The Pakistan Science Foundation also operates and administrates the Pakistan Museum of Natural History, and the Pakistan Scientific and Technological Information Center.
Its head office was based at Kingsgate House, 66-74 Victoria Street, London SW1, which has now been demolished.
In Spain, in the interim, a preautonomic body was created in 1978, the Basque General Council.
On March 13, she formally took office as Director after being nominated by President Barack Obama and confirmed by the U.S. Senate.
The Lagos State Ministry of Transport is the state government ministry, charged with the responsibility to plan, devise and implement the state policies on transportation.
The last minister responsible for the department was Andrzej Adamczyk.
The LBDC also publishes the Laws of New York.
The OGPU was reincorporated into the newly created all-union People's Commissariat for Internal Affairs in July 1934, becoming its Main Directorate of State Security.
The NTEC was established on 15 March 2004, by the Electoral Act 2004.
The Ministry of Health of the Czech Republic is a government ministry of the Czech Republic.
The department provides information to industry, technical support and professional guidance to government on geology, mining and petroleum resources.
The DGS also "maintains and protects" buildings owned by the state government.
I&A disseminates intelligence throughout DHS, to the other members of the United States Intelligence Community, and to first responders at the state, local, and tribal level.
There are three liquor commissioners, each with a term of four years.
Having complete and up-to-date information is crucial for many decision-making processes involving biodiversity.
For the Kampala soccer team please see Uganda Revenue Authority SC.
The American Council on Education recommends college credit for most DINFOS courses.
It is headed by the Assistant Secretary of State for Administration.
The Office of Program Policy Analysis and Government Accountability is the research arm of the Florida Legislature.
It was the second so-named Commonwealth department.
It has also created hundreds of commercial enterprises, with Lenovo being one of the most famous.
The Ministry of Industry of the Kingdom of Thailand is a cabinet ministry in the Government of Thailand.
HPB undertakes the aforementioned programmes in Singapore with the goal of "increasing the quality and years of healthy life and preventing illnesses, disability and premature death."
It is headquartered in the Development Services Building at the intersection of 17th Street and Chester Ave, in the Civic Center, downtown.
In 2013 and 2014 there has been significant investment in Victoria's prisons which has seen a resulting recruitment drive www.cvcareers.com.au
The legislation also reduces the six-year Board term to four years.
The Oklahoma Housing Finance Agency is a non-profit organization which serves the people of Oklahoma by offering affordable housing resources, including loans and rent assistance.
The Agenzia Informazioni e Sicurezza Esterna, commonly known as AISE and formerly known as SISMI, is the foreign intelligence service of Italy.
It was founded on April 1, 2013.
The Department of Archaeology and Historic Preservation is an independent government agency in Washington state which serves several functions, including regulatory functions.
Palestine TV first began broadcasting in 1996 in Gaza.
Safe and healthy work environments are achieved through a combination of enforcement, outreach, and collaborative partnerships.
Indore Development Authority, also known as IDA is the urban planning agency serving Indore Metropolitan Region of the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.
The Capital Markets Authority provides regulation for the financial services sector by providing guidelines for the asset allocation.
The Ministry of Energy and Minerals is the government ministry of Tanzania that is responsible for facilitating the development of the energy and mineral sectors.
Metropolitan foreshores until 1956 and between 1974 and 1983
It is responsible for providing services and expertise that promote and protect Kansas' food supply and natural resources while stimulating economic growth.
^ Mr Mike Taylor AO, Bushfire CRC, archived from the original on 16 April 2012 
The Ministry of Trade and Industry has its headquarters located in Cairo.
Local 610 Offices are also established at provincial, district, municipal and neighborhood levels, and are estimated to number approximately 1,000 across the country.
The current Minister of Justice is Torquato Jardim.
The Securities and Exchange Commission is the agency of the Government of the Philippines responsible for regulating the securities industry in the Philippines.
The former reports directly to the president.
The Department of Industry, Technology and Commerce was an Australian government department that existed between December 1984 and March 1993.
Ministry of the Interior and Administration is an administration structure controlling main administration and security branches of the Polish government.
Its members are the senior officers of the police.
The Maryland Aviation Administration is a state agency of Maryland and an airport authority under the jurisdiction of the Maryland Department of Transportation.
The Secretary is responsible to the Minister for Regional New South Wales, Minister for Skills and Minister for Small Business, currently the Hon.
The Helmholtz Association of German Research Centres is the largest scientific organisation in Germany.
The commission identifies State Archeological Landmarks and Historic Texas Cemeteries.
It was elevated to a Ministry of Environment in 1990 and has its current structure since 1997.
Decisions issued by the BIA are by made up of three-member panels in limited circumstances.
It is headed by the Assistant Secretary for the Bureau of African Affairs who reports to the Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs.
The company was created during Governor Luis A. Ferré's administration to coordinate the marketing and growth of Puerto Rico's tourism sector.
The Pay Commission submitted its report to Finance Minister P. Chidambaram on 24 March 2008.
The Bureau of Energy, Ministry of Economic Affairs is the administrative agency of the Ministry of Economic Affairs of the Taiwan responsible for energy-related affairs.
The MAA office developed the Maryland Aid to Private Airports Program, and Airport Equipment Loan Program.
Tourism and Events Queensland is the Queensland Government's lead marketing, experience development and major events agency, representing the state's tourism and events industries.
Large quantities of sugar cane are also grown in joint ventures between a Chinese company and the Malian state.
In 2012, Prof. Dr. Maamoun Abdulkarim was appointed as director-general up to date.
The Director Generals of NDRF are IPS officers on deputation from Indian police organisations.
In 1947, a reorganization act changed the DAC back to the Department of Agriculture and Natural Resources.
Instead, they are covered by the Social Security System.
The bureau is headed by the Secretary for Education and oversees the Secretariat, University Grants Committee and Student Financial Assistance Agencies.
Notable IARPA investments include quantum computing, superconducting computing, and forecasting tournaments.
WMATA has its own police force, the Metro Transit Police Department.
The California State Transportation Agency is a state cabinet-level agency responsible for transportation-related departments within the state.
The Minister of Justice of the Islamic Republic of Iran is responsible for prosecuting government cases.
The current Commissioner of HRA is Stephen Banks, who was appointed to the position in April, 2014 by Mayor Bill de Blasio.
It is widely accepted that in addition to its domestic operations, the NISS has operations and agents throughout the Middle East, North Africa and Western Europe.
It is registered in the Central Registry at the Ministry of Justice of Bulgaria.
The current director of the department, also known as the chief information officer of the state, is Amy Tong.
Regulatory duties include investigating complaints against licensees and disciplining violators.
In a 2010 report, the authority reported 80,557 drinking water service connections and 107,151 sewage connections.
The Ministry is headed by the Minister of Defence, currently Jeanine Hennis-Plasschaert.
The Authority is obligated to maintain a balance of interests between consumers, the Electric Corporation, electricity manufacturers, and the state.
The ministry is responsible for the economic and social development of the Russian Far East.
Licensure and accreditation are achieved through submission of supporting documentation and site visits by a commissioner and a visiting committee of experienced academics with appropriate expertise.
The current Director of the California Film Commission is Amy Lemisch.
Its counterpart in Australia is the Taipei Economic and Cultural Office in Australia in Canberra.
Its headquarters are located in Cairo and Mostafa Madbouli has served as minister since 2014.
The Mexican Space Agency is the national space agency of Mexico, established in July 2010.
After a series of incidents that escalated into the Uskok War, the Uskok activity in their stronghold of Senj mostly ceased.
The office also established several overseas branches, which launched a large-scale information and propaganda campaign abroad.
The Seychelles Tourism Marketing Authority ceased to exist as legal entity.
The ministry has a staff of 490, of whom only 20 are political appointees.
The department enforces the city's building codes and land use policies.
Coordinate with the President in declaring a state of emergency
The Ministry of Information Technology and Telecommunication is a Cabinet-level ministry of the Government of Pakistan, concerned with Information Technology and Telecommunications.
The Director-General reports directly to both the Prime Minister and the Army Chief.
The equivalent division of the Norwegian Police is known as Kripos, derived from a similar acronym in Norwegian.
The USGS is a bureau of the United States Department of the Interior; it is that department's sole scientific agency.
Under this 103 area level hospitals, 8 district level hospitals, 233 Ayurvedic and 260 Unani hospitals spread over state.
The DfES only had jurisdiction over England as education was devolved to regional legislatures in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
In exchange, they were required to pledge to actively serve in essential civilian or federal government services for the duration of World War II.
The Secretary serves as the chief advisor to the Governor on the impact of science and technology on the State's economic development.
Prior to the reforms of 2007 they were armed with thin wooden canes to strike miscreants.
There have been numerous attempts to pass legislation requiring all reports to be made available online, most recently in 2017, but none have been enacted.
The Housing & Development Board is the statutory board of the Ministry of National Development responsible for public housing in Singapore.
The Puc keep track of the Do Not Call Registry.
The Gibraltar Archives is a department of the Government of Gibraltar under the responsibility of the Ministry of Sports, Culture, Heritage and Youth.
FWBC commenced operations on 1 June 2012, replacing its predecessor, the Office of the Australian Building and Construction Commissioner.
It also cooperates and keeps in touch with other health ministries and departments, including those of the special administrative regions, and the World Health Organization.
The NJBPU regulates natural gas, electricity, water, telecommunications and cable television services.
It also provides administrative and legal framework for the same.
This ministry is responsible for tourist attractions and accommodations for travelers, along with playing an integral role in the Prime Minister's Cabinet.
281 privately owned Driver and Vehicle Licence Issuing Offices across the province
The Federal Office of Sport is a service, education and training centre for elite, professional and amateur sports.
It will also deal with national security strategy, crisis management, and links with foreign national security agencies.
The Ministry of Social Welfare, Relief and Resettlement administers Burma's social welfare, social relief and resettlement affairs.
The Liquid Propulsion Systems Centre is a research and development centre functioning under Indian Space Research Organisation.
Cleveland Public Power is a publicly owned electricity generation and distribution company in Ohio.
She succeeded former Law Reform Commissioner and advocate, Thuli Madonsela who took up the post in October 2009.
ECHA is the driving force among regulatory authorities in implementing the EU's chemicals legislation.
Over the years, it has taken over several tourism-related government functions, such as the regulation and supervision of hotel casinos and of taxis.
The Department was established by the Menzies Government in 1939, but did not become fully operative until 1941.
The ministry's current director is Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation, Ratu Inoke Kubuabola, who was appointed in August 2009.
It is the 5th largest sovereign wealth fund in the world with assets exceeding $592 billion.
Headquartered in central Amman, KADDB is organized into three divisions: the Engineering Group, the Manufacturing Group, and the Programs group.
The Border and Maritime Security Division is a division of the Science and Technology Directorate of the United States Department of Homeland Security.
DFO also maintains a large enforcement branch with peace officers used to combat poaching and foreign overfishing within Canada's Exclusive Economic Zone.
9160, also known as the “Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2001”, as amended, and Republic Act No.
The ministry's director is Prince Mohamed Bolkiah, brother of reigning sultan, Hassanal Bolkiah.
The department was originally known as the Office of the First Minister and Deputy First Minister, with the same capitalisation used in the department's logo.
Under the supervision of the Oklahoma Secretary of Safety and Security, DPS provides for the safety of Oklahomans and the administration of justice in the state.
The minister of interior is the head of the ministry.
The 2007 Act was substantially amended in 2008.
Assistant Deputy Minister,National and Cyber Security Branch
It is tasked with providing and maintaining rapid and cutting edge capabilities for both the civilian and defense sectors.
Margot Wallström Head of Office and Minister for Foreign Affairs.
The council is headquartered in Xindian District, New Taipei.
Lack of the cedula allows the local authorities to detain the citizen while the identity is verified in the government data base.
In the mid-1940s Queensland was the first state in Australia to introduce free and universal public hospital treatment, a policy that some other states followed.
The Ministry is led by the Head of Department and four Directors.
encourage and assist industries to adopt new technology and practices
Hong Kong Correctional Services is responsible for prisoners and prisons in Hong Kong.
Before the opening of the Chek Lap Kok airport in 1998, it operated from the old Kai Tak Airport.
DPR has principal authority over the construction and maintenance of city-owned parks, and over nearly all public recreation facilities in Washington, D.C.
The Drainage Services Department is a department of the Hong Kong Government responsible for drainage and sewerage.
The OYA was established as a distinct agency in 1995.
The office also processes trade mark and design applications in 23 official languages of the EU.
During its initial establishment and subsequent operationalization, the AEC played a key role in the institutional development of Ecosystem ecology.
The commission consists of three full-time commissioners that are appointed by the governor and confirmed by the Wisconsin State Senate in staggered six-year terms.
SHR also keep a Register of all the RSLs in Scotland.
WPA sometimes took over state and local relief programs that had originated in the Reconstruction Finance Corporation or Federal Emergency Relief Administration programs.
Those laws and related rules outline Ohio EPA's authority and what things the Agency can consider when making decisions about regulated activities.
The ACIC was formed to strengthen the ability to respond to crime affecting Australia.
VicTrack retains responsibility for the freight lines around the Dynon Intermodal Freight Terminal, South Dynon Locomotive Depot and in North Melbourne.
A five-member commission heads the Department with a Director of Agriculture & Rural Development to administer the day-to-day activities.
The Board is composed of nine members appointed by the Governor with the consent of the Oklahoma Senate.
The Department of Health is a devolved Northern Irish government department in the Northern Ireland Executive.
It is a political cooperation project between Catalonia, the Balearic Islands, and Occitanie.
The Office of the Ombudsman is an independent officer of Parliament appointed under Section 66 of the Antigua and Barbuda Constitution.
In September 1939, the Kripo became Amt V, the Criminal Police in the RSHA; which was also known as the Reichskriminalpolizeiamt.
The Undersecretariat of Public Order and Security of the Ministry of the Interior is the governmental intelligence organization of Turkey.
It is known locally as "the PRA."
The minister with overall responsibility for the department is the Minister for Finance.
The Ministry of Education, Science and Technology is a ministry of the Government of South Sudan.
Formally, the main roles of the PIDE were the border, immigration and emigration control and the internal and external State security.
USTDA is located in Rosslyn in Arlington County, Virginia.
The Minister for Health has overall responsibility for the Executive in Government.
Fourteen death sentences and two life sentences were handed out.
The agency was disbanded by Alberto Fujimori after its de facto chief, Vladimiro Montesinos, was caught paying bribes to major political, military and media figures.
The Board provides strategic direction to the ACIC and is responsible for determining special operations and special investigations.
It is the administrative arm of the Department of Justice.
It is also the administrator of the easternmost land in Denmark, the small archipelago, Ertholmene, whose administrator is employed by the ministry.
The directorate is led by the National Police Commissioner, who since 2012 has been Odd Reidar Humlegård.
The former campus was originally located at Prince Edward Road and was relocated to its present-day location at Dover next to Dover MRT Station in 1978.
Cooperative agreements with individual employers and employee and employer organizations.
The Airport Authority reports 314,659 people flew to or from the airport in 2016, 27 percent fewer than 2008 and a 52 percent decrease since 2000.
The National Electoral Commission is the national election commission of Tanzania.
Currently it has eight branches at Alwar, Bangalore, Trivandrum, Calicut, Coonoor, Jagdalpur, Patna, Rajahmundry and Varanasi to advise the respective state governments on public health.
The Canadian Security Intelligence Service is Canada's primary national intelligence service.
It was formed on 1 January 2009, through a merger of several government agencies, including the Civil Aviation Administration.
Once a disaster has been declared, it is responsible for the coordination of cross-sectoral disaster relief efforts.
They are a trading arm of the Ministry of Defence.
Employees of the department exercise legal powers which are vested in the corporation sole.
Within the Operations Directorate, MEMA operates a Regional Programs branch.
An examination of the records show that Kilikollur, a suburb of Kollam city, had the most cashew processing factories.
The department's responsibilities formed part of the new Education and Training portfolio under the direction of Ian Wishart.
It has also provided crucial relief to victims of natural disasters and humanitarian aid to those in need.
Its founding mandates were to protect the delicate balance of nature, provide for orderly development, and manage solid waste activities in the New Jersey Meadowlands District.
The Commissioner reports to the Secretary of Health and Human Services.
The ministry has its headquarters at the Menara Miti on Jalan Sultan Haji Ahmad Shah in Kuala Lumpur.
Any person who believes they have been discriminated against contrary to the Ontario Human Rights Code may bring an application to the Tribunal.
Today the rural committee consisted of 36 villages and 69 village representatives.
The agency is expected to coordinate with Vietnam Navy, Vietnam Coast Guard and Vietnam Border Defense Force.
To set preconditions for rational utilization, protection and restoration of natural resources;
18F is a digital services agency built on the lean startup model and based within the United States Government.
Historically, its work was much broader, as shown by the 1912 act which created and funded it:
The Interstate Aviation Committee was formed in 1991 according to the Civil Aviation and Airspace Use Treaty, signed on December 25, 1991.
Unlike the Russian Federal Security Service, the SVR is responsible for intelligence and espionage activities outside the Russian Federation.
It is headed by the Minister of Public Security.
The members were pro-German, anti-Semitic and anti-communist, and believed that Germany would win the war.
USAID's programs are authorized by Congress in the Foreign Assistance Act, which Congress supplements through directions in annual funding appropriation acts and other legislation.
The Ministry was established on December 16, 2005 by presidential decree.
The ministry is headquartered in Mantralaya, Mumbai, Mumbai.
Bekir Bozdağ is the current Miniscnter responsible.
The employee must have a security level clearance consistent with his/her assignment.
The agency also funds $539 million in grants to programs to help seniors stay in their homes through services and through help given to caregivers.
The FCC took over wire communication regulation from the Interstate Commerce Commission.
In 2012, senior services programs moved back into the Department of Human Services, and DHSS again became the Department of Health.
The Board was created by an amendment to the Oklahoma Constitution in 1944.
The Florida Department of Management Services' 1.1 million customers include: state agencies, state employees, state retirees, universities, community colleges, and local governments and their retirees.
The Provisional Electoral Council is the electoral commission of Haiti.
It is the one of the oldest ministries, created August 14, 1947.
The Department of Further Education, Employment, Science and Technology was an agency of the Government of South Australia whose responsibilities included:
It is the National Authoritative Board on building planning, estates and resources, plot allotment, and construction approvals from both public and private entities.
The office is appointed by the Governor of New Jersey, confirmed by the New Jersey Senate, and term limited.
In 2012 the Commonwealth Court challenged PUC's jurisdiction over local ordinances.
The current Minister for Economic Development is Laurence Skelly MHK.
Kuwait Foreign Petroleum Exploration Company was established in 1981 under the Kuwait Petroleum Corporation as a subsidiary company.
Since 2010, the center has worked to become a multi-user spaceport through industry partnerships, even adding a new launch pad in 2015.
These routes were the N1/M1, the N4/M4/N6/M6, the N7/M7, the N8/M8 and the N9/M9.
The Head of the New Zealand Aid Programme is Amanda Ellis, an economist specializing in international trade and development.
The Secretariat was charged with the duty of producing a complete intelligence cycle for the government.
Ontario Parks is the branch of the Ministry of Natural Resources and Forestry that administers the provincial parks in Ontario, Canada.
The agency is informally known as the "RG", a nickname formerly used for the Direction centrale des renseignements généraux which merged into it.
CONADI is overseen by the Social Development Ministry or "es:Ministerio de Desarrollo Social de Chile".
The ACMA is a 'converged' regulator, created to oversee the convergence of the four 'worlds' of telecommunications, broadcasting, radio communications and the internet.
The Acting Commissioner of the FHA is Biniam Gebre.
The Authority consults widely with employers, employees and their respective organisations.
Financial support of the Department is derived through the sale of hunting and fishing licenses, federal grants and numerous other receipts.
Cook County, which includes the City of Chicago, is the United States' second largest county with a population of 5.2 million residents.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is the government ministry of Liberia responsible for directing Liberia's external relations and the management of its international diplomatic missions.
Dr Christa Sedlatschek is the current Director of EU-OSHA, following on from Dr Jukka Takala in September 2011.
Seven of those members are voting and must be Iraqi citizens.
Water from the Niger River is diverted into a system of canals at the Markala dam 35 kilometres downstream of Ségou.
Historically it operated boatyards in Baltimore, Dingle and Killybegs.
It is responsible for related recreational, commercial, scientific, and educational uses.
The Georgia Department of Economic Development is a department of the State of Georgia.
The institute's main activities are health surveillance, research and prevention.
The National Ground Intelligence Center is part of the United States Army Intelligence and Security Command.
The National Human Rights Council is a national institution for the protection and promotion of human rights.
Officers of the service are mandated to act in accordance with the agency's code of ethics.
Waterways Ireland is one of the six all-Ireland North/South implementation bodies established under the Belfast Agreement in 1999.
It consists of members of the Bangladesh Police, Bangladesh Army, Bangladesh Navy, Bangladesh Air Force, Border Guard Bangladesh and Bangladesh Ansar.
Aime Ngoy Mukena succeeded Ntambo on December 8, 2014.
All metropolitan bus routes have since been transferred to private companies Light-City Buses, SouthLink and Torrens Transit.
Under Roman law, the air, the rivers, the sea and the seashore were incapable of private ownership; they were dedicated to the use of the public.
The Department of Commerce was an Australian government department that existed between April 1932 and December 1942.
The California Department of Corporations was a department within the former California Business, Transportation and Housing Agency in California.
The IIS was primarily concerned with international intelligence collection and analysis but also performed many activities inside Iraq.
The Ministry is headed by the cabinet-ranked Minister of Human Resources Development, a member of the Council of Ministers.
The Assets Recovery Agency was a non-ministerial government department in the United Kingdom.
It owns two airports, Stewart International Airport near Newburgh, and Republic Airport on Long Island.
The U.S. Mail traces its roots to 1775 during the Second Continental Congress, when Benjamin Franklin was appointed the first postmaster general.
The stated aim for NITI Aayog's creation is to foster involvement and participation in the economic policy-making process by the State Governments of India.
The Office of the State Fire Marshal was created in 1965 during the term of Governor Henry Bellmon.
The Philippine Constitution requires that a majority of the Commission’s members must be lawyers.
As of December 31, 2014, the URS was managing over $31 billion in its pension trust funds, for nearly 200,000 members.
The ministry manages the country's railways, public bus transport system and civil aviation.
The Policy Planning and International Co-operation Division was retained under a newly formed Department of Tourism and Transport which fell under the vice-president’s office.
The governor of the State of Oklahoma is the head of state for the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
The department serves over 740,000 public schools in 136 school systems.
Dr. Thomas R. Bice was appointed State Superintendent of Education in 2011, and assumed the position on January 1, 2012.
It also programs and plans economic management mechanisms and policies for the national economy, for specific sectors as well as for domestic and foreign investments.
The Ministry of Defence provides policy framework and resources to the Armed Forces to discharge their responsibility in the context of the defence of the country.
The current minister of defense is Mohammad Al Khalid Al Sabah.
There are also 3 directors general: Tshewang Tandin, Chencho Dorji, and Karma Yeshey.
Specifically, BOEM activities involve resource evaluation, planning, and leasing.
COSQC is part of the Ministry of Planning of Iraq.
ARS disseminates much of its research results through scientific journals, technical publications, Agricultural Research magazine, and other forums.
It oversees the Virtual Museum of Canada, and the VMC Investment Programs.
HDC is the world's first Government-backed halal industry development corporation to coordinate a comprehensive development of the halal industry.
Afghan Post is the national post office of Afghanistan.
The Prime Minister of the GNA, Fayez al-Sarraj, and six other members of the Presidential Council and proposed cabinet arrived in Tripoli on 30 March 2016.
Ron Chippindale, who investigated the Mount Erebus Disaster, was Chief Inspector of Accidents from 1990 to 31 October 1998.
IARPA transfers successful research results and technologies to other government agencies.
Personnel attached to this wing essentially work in plain clothes.
It became an independent office from 1987 and the facility opened the following year.
The Rivers State Ministry of Chieftaincy and Community Affairs is the government ministry that administers issues related to chieftaincy and community in Rivers State, Nigeria.
In addition to managing and protecting Utah's wildlife, UDWR manages hunting and fishing opportunities within the state.
The Ministry of Culture is a government ministry of Lebanon.
Its purposes are centered on enforcing constitutional order.
The facility is also known as Mashhood Test Firing Range.
The new west wing of Discovery House was officially opened on 31 October 2007 by the Governor-General, Major General Michael Jeffery AC CVO MC.
The agency was founded on 24 October 1980 by the Highway Authority of Malaysia Act 1980 to monitor the works and administration of expressways.
The state agencies responsible for these programs set the standards for their program while local governments implement the standards.
It governs public education and manages funding and testing for local educational agencies.
The agency supervises all non-banking financial transactions and markets including capital markets, derivative markets, commodities, insurance, mortgage finance, financial leasing, factoring and securitization.
The Ministry of Planning, Budget, and Management is a cabinet-level federal ministry in Brazil.
The Performance Management Division, Cabinet Secretariat was set up by the Government of India in January 2009.
NIWA maintains a fleet of about 30 vessels for freshwater, marine, and atmospheric research.
Afghan Telecom, an Afghan government telecom company, was incorporated in September 2006; an 80% stake of the company is being privatize from 2008.
The current commission was established by the Electoral Commission Act of 1993.
The JIOA comprised one representative from each member agency of the JIC, and an operational staff of military intelligence officers from each military service.
The well-known Hong Kong Cultural Centre and Hong Kong Space Museum are among several museums also managed by the department.
The ministry was formed in 1995 and has its current headquarters in the city of Port Harcourt.
It was founded on May 7, 1946.
The National Parks Board is a statutory board of the Government of Singapore.
The Office of Inspector General is maintained within the agency, but functions as a separate, independent entity reporting directly to the governor's office.
In 2011, the Commission was delegated additional functions under the Carbon Credits Regulations 2011.
Reagan was a vocal critic of the doctrine of mutual assured destruction, which he described a "suicide pact".
The information and knowledge responsibility of the Board included the collection, storage, analysis, appraisal, dissemination and stakeholder awareness of information.
The Lord Advocate is assisted by the Solicitor General for Scotland, both Law Officers.
The Ohio State Board of Education is the governing body of the department and is responsible for overseeing the department.
The Department of Trade and Industry was a United Kingdom government department formed on 19 October 1970.
It was merged with the Ministry of Economic Development to form the Ministry of Commerce, Industry and Tourism.
The Overseas Community Affairs Council is a cabinet-level council of the Executive Yuan of the Taiwan.
Kerala Police Academy is situated in Ramavarmapuram in Thrissur city which began functioning in May, 2004.
The two main tasks of FRA are signals intelligence, and support to government authorities and state-owned companies regarding computer security.
The Mexican Secretary of Tourism is the government department in charge of the nation's tourism promotion and development.
The agency is headed by Salim Muslumov.
There is a full-time chief commissioner and a varying number of part-time commissioners, appointed by Order in Council.
On December 7, 2016, President-elect Donald Trump selected Pruitt to be his nominee as the next Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.
Much of the Department's work is ultimately carried out through various quasi-independent agencies including:
He is assisted in his administration of the department by the Assistant Minister for Finance and Assistant Cabinet Secretary, presently Dr Peter Hendy MP.
The Ministry of Strategy & Finance oversees the financial policies of the South Korean government.
Functions that were performed by the Commission, but which are undertaken by agencies other than the Authority include:
The Swedish Defence Materiel Administration is a Swedish government agency that reports to the Ministry of Defence.
It provides insurance coverage to assets and properties which have government insurable interests.
It was created by the Bureau of Special Investigations for the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico Act, Act No.
The project went online in October 2008 and by November 2008 parts of the region were receiving a diversified supply of water for the first time.
The Ministry is located on Vojkova 55 in Ljubljana.
Its three primary missions are the following:
Its stated mission is to provide leadership, assistance, oversight, and resources so that every Californian has access to a good education.
The ministry was responsible for centralized departments, which applied to all subsidiaries.
The agency conducts environmental assessment, research, and education.
The focus of the research at this company is the environment, biodiversity, and sustainability.
The Alberta Securities Commission is a regulatory agency which administers and enforces securities legislation in the Canadian province of Alberta.
The current Secretary of Agriculture, Russell Redding, was appointed by Governor Tom Wolf in January 2015 and confirmed in May 2015.
The government response commits to a once-in-a-generation transformation of the EPA to equip it for the future.
Immigration Enforcement is a division of the Home Office responsible for enforcing immigration law in the United Kingdom.
The Ministry of Maritime Affairs, formerly Ministry of Navy is a Portuguese government ministry.
7- Preparation and publication of statistical booklets and material at the Emirate level.
The Language Inspectorate was thus established to supervise the implementation of the Language Act.
The Department's executive is the Administrator of Securities who is appointed by the Commission.
Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Abbottabad is the Intermediate Education Governmental body in Pakistan.
ensuring just and reasonable rates, terms, and conditions;
It is not to be confused with Comunn na Gàidhlig or An Comunn Gaidhealach, which are much older.
It is subordinate to the Works Branch of the Development Bureau and the current director is Leung Koon-kee.
The Singapore Aviation Academy is based in Singapore and is the primary training facility of the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore.
The Department is the lead agency in the Planning and Environment cluster, led by Secretary, presently Carolyn McNally.
It has often been affected by losses resulting from warfare.
It is the duty of the Commission to conserve Oklahoma's land and water.
:99 Its head office is at F.B.
The current Minister of Innovation, Business and Rural Development is Charlene Johnson.
The division currently manages the 42 state parks and 307 wildlife areas of Colorado.
The State Fire Marshal is responsible for preventing and investigating fires.
The ministry is headed by Berat Albayrak.
It was founded in 1972 as 'Kommission für Schallforschung', became a 'Forschungsstelle' in 1994 and since 2000 has the rank of an institute.
The Department of Education and Youth Affairs was an Australian government department that existed between March 1983 and December 1984.
The ministry is headed by Fazil Mammadov.
President Richard Nixon proposed the establishment of EPA and it began operation on December 2, 1970, after Nixon signed an executive order.
Emergency Management Queensland was the emergency division of the Department of Community Safety.
As of September 2010 it has assets of $61.6bn with a net position of $3.8bn.
To ensure provision of information about the state of environment and its forecasts to the public;
NIH was established in this premises in 1965.
The first secretary general of the SNSC was Prince Bandar bin Sultan, the former Saudi Ambassador to the United States.
The first CEO was Pall Gunnar Palsson, who directed from 1999 to 2005.
The Ministry of Education, Culture and Sport of Spain was created in December 2011 by Royal Decree.
The meeting is open to the public and features presentations by both professional and avocational archaeologists.
The government headquarter is located at Jincheng Township, Kinmen County.
QNRF was established in 2006 to advance knowledge and education by acting as a support system for researchers.
The National Protection and Programs Directorate is a component within the United States Department of Homeland Security.
Upon its completion, INIOAS will have the Khalije Fars sea explorer at its disposal to conduct oceanographic research.
By mid-July, the Germans had decided that the Aćimović regime was incompetent and unable to deal with the uprising, and began looking for a replacement.
The creation of NIFA strengthened USDA's competitive research portfolio by replacing the National Research Initiative with the Agriculture and Food Research Initiative.
The Bureau of Verification and Compliance was split off on February 1, 2000.
The Department of Works was an Australian government department that existed between February and July 1945.
The Department of Education and Skills is a department of the Government of Ireland.
This position is analogous to the Secretary of the Treasury in the United States of America or to the finance ministers of other nations.
The agency has no executive powers, and its officials are not entitled to conduct investigations in the member states or to arrest suspects.
The office is managed by the a director who ranks at the same level as a cabinet minister.
It was bifurcated into Ministry of Communications and Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology in July 2016.
The agency is self-financing and covers its costs through fees based on the services provided.
The director is required to be a physician with substantial experience in emergency medicine.
In 2012, LACERA’s net assets were worth US$38.3 billion.
The National Property Administration is the agency of the Ministry of Finance of Taiwan responsible for the management of national property.
The helipad is located near the foot of Cheung Yip Street.
Since 2009, however, the agency has generally been led by five commissioners, one of which servers as chairman.
The Nova Scotia Human Rights Commission was established in Nova Scotia, Canada in 1967 to administer the Nova Scotia Human Rights Act.
The HSA monitors compliance with legislation at the workplace and can take enforcement action.
The rest of the country is covered by the Joint Rescue Coordination Centre of Southern Norway.
The agency is headquartered in Fort Belvoir, Virginia.
For the Slovenian government commission, see Commission for the Prevention of Corruption of the Republic of Slovenia.
The Italian National Institute of Statistics is the main producer of official statistics in Italy.
Destination NSW is a New South Wales state government organisation established in 2011 to support growth of tourism and events in New South Wales, Australia.
It provides the evidence on which to base European vocational education and training policy and identifies trends in and challenges for VET.
It is headed by the Assistant Secretary for Children and Families.
Together with other national hydrographic offices and the International Hydrographic Organisation, they work to set and raise global standards of hydrography, cartography and navigation.
Previously all marine life and biodiversity was under the Ministry of Livestock and Fisheries.
The Armed Forces and Indian Coast Guard under the Defence Ministry are primarily responsible for ensuring the territorial integrity of the nation.
BOI has an important role of policy advocacy to continuously improve the competitiveness of Mauritius.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of China is a cabinet level policy-making body, governed under the Executive Yuan of the Republic of China.
The current Minister of Foreign Affairs is Tedros Adhanom, since December 29, 2012.
It reports to the Secretary for Health, Welfare and Food and Secretary for the Environment, Transport and Works.
It was created by the Telecoms Package which was passed in September 2009.
The Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer is Ipalibo W. Sogules.
The Canadian Wheat Board was a marketing board for wheat and barley in Western Canada.
BAPETEN is a non-Department Government Institution which is under and responsible to the President.
Transport Scotland was created on 1 January 2006 as the national transport agency of Scotland.
The current California Insurance Commissioner is Dave Jones.
The funds are supplemented with federal matching funds.
As of December 2015 the minister of Defense is Julio Martínez.
ISOC was implicated in a plot to assassinate Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra.
The Afghan Ministry of Energy and Water is a ministry of the government of Afghanistan.
The office has its headquarters in the Capital View Office Park in Rensselaer.
The Bangladesh Institute of Development Studies) is an autonomous multi-disciplinary public research organization that conducts policy research on development issues for Bangladesh.
Offers transportation statistics and analysis for decision-making
The Information Affairs Authority refers to Bahrain's ministry of information.
The bureau is under the purview of the Under Secretary of State for Management.
The USGS operates as a fact-finding research organization with no regulatory responsibility.
The agency's Fiscal Year 2009 budget is $29,000,000.
The governing body of the Land Office is the Commissioners.
For later log-ins, the user can set their own password it link the account to Facebook or Google logins.
The Ministry of Health is the public service department of New Zealand responsible for healthcare in New Zealand.
During 2015-2016, Ambulance Victoria responded to 843,051 cases.
The acronym is a play on words, as "mas" means "gold" in Malay.
The department is responsible for delivering safe drinking water to more than 1.7 million people in Philadelphia and Lower Bucks County.
WYDOT’s stated mission is “to provide a safe, high quality, and efficient transportation system.”
The Ministry of Transport and Civil Aviation is the central government ministry of Sri Lanka responsible for transport.
The military components are the Michigan National Guard and Michigan Volunteer Defense Force.
The Ministry of Commerce and Industry is a ministry of the Government of Haiti.
The Immigration Department of the Government of Hong Kong is responsible for immigration control of Hong Kong.
Following the 2007 election of Civic Platform under Donald Tusk, the ministry was again reorganized into the Ministry of Infrastructure.
The parent department of the Commission is the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet.
Annual turnover was in excess of £200 million.
The ministry is also in charge of urban reorientation and enforcement, regional rural planning, land provision and the approval of building plans.
It is headquartered at the national government complex in Gwacheon, Gyeonggi Province.
It is governed by a number of instruments including the National Parks Act, Chapter 282 of the 2002 and the Wildlife Conservation Act No.
On April 29, 2010 all documents relating to the commission's work were unsealed from secrecy.
The Bureau of Arms Control, Verification and Compliance is a bureau within the United States Department of State.
Ministry of Energy is the governmental body that utilizes and manages of water resources in Nepal.
NZQA is funded from the central government as well as fees, with the budget being about $70 million each year.
The Act bestowed upon AEDB the authorities and the responsibilities for the promotion and development of AREs.
It operates under the Ministry of Finance.
The Ministry of Commerce & Industries of West Bengal is a Bengal government ministry.
The Tax and Customs Administration is the tax collection and customs service of the government of the Netherlands.
The department forms part of the Australian Defence Organisation along with the Australian Defence Force.
The surface water is not used directly as it requires more cleaning than groundwater.
The Ministry of Labour and Employment is a government ministry of Tanzania.
It is headquartered in Sacramento and has district offices in Oakland, Fresno, Los Angeles, and San Diego.
As of 2013 the Minister of Education, Youth and Sport is Dr.
GCHQ was originally established after the First World War as the Government Code and Cypher School and was known under that name until 1946.
Its mission is to "Serve the public through responsive public health actions to promote healthy and safe environments and prevent harmful exposures."
Thus it became responsible for construction, territorial planning, and housing.
Though membership to the NRA was voluntary, businesses that did not display the eagle were very often boycotted, making it seem mandatory for survival to many.
32 National Natural Monuments, including Mounts Damavand, Sabalan, Taftan, and Alam-Kuh,
It was established in 2003 and took over all responsibilities of the former GeoScience Division of the National Energy Authority of Iceland.
The ministry was founded as the Ministry of State Cooperative and Commodity Distribution on 5 April 1951.
The International Financial Services Commission is the Belize government agency responsible for financial regulation.
Ministry of Panchayati Raj looks into all matters relating of Panchayati Raj and Panchayati Raj Institutions.
The Department's were split during the formative stages of the employment and training programs."
Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is a regulatory authority, which oversees and regulates all aspects of civil aviation in Pakistan.
It is funded and administered by the Ministry of Interior and Municipalities.
Banking Agency of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina is a state agency of Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina responsible for banking.
econdary Education, Dera Ghazi Khan is a government body located in the Chowk Sarwar Wali.
The Oklahoma Insurance Department is an agency of the government of Oklahoma under the Oklahoma Insurance Commissioner, a statewide elected official.
The report also includes policy and disciplinary recommendations by the OIG which are occasionally rejected in the publication by DCFS.
Local Express Myanmar Postal Parcel Service was introduced in Yangon and Mandalay on 1 April 1992 and its services are now extended to 129 townships.
The department existed between November 1976 and November 1980, operating under the Fraser Government.
The service has offices across the United Kingdom including an HQ in Northern Ireland.
The current Minister of Information is Khieu Kanharith.
The New York State Department of Labor is the department of the New York state government that enforces labor law and administers unemployment benefits.
The DNR also manages 2,600,000 acres of aquatic areas which include shorelines, tidelands, lands under Puget Sound and the coast, and navigable lakes and rivers.
The division was made an independent regional state archive in 1970.
The Public Works Department is the oldest department in Tamil Nadu, and was founded during British Raj during 1800.
The Superintendent serves as the state's chief spokesperson for public schools, and provides education policy and direction to local school districts.
"Many employees did want to remain anonymous for fear of retribution" by senior staff, it said.
Inland Waterways Authority of India is the statutory authority in charge of the waterways in India.
MDT received its current name in 1992; prior to that, the agency was known as the Montana Highway Department.
The NYC Civilian Complaint Review Board is the nation's largest independent oversight agency of the largest police force in the country.
TANF was created by the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Act instituted under President Bill Clinton in 1996.
In 1903, the organization was transferred to the newly formed United States Department of Commerce and Labor.
Usually the Admissions are announced as follows:
The establishment of the CFIA consolidated the delivery of all federal food safety, animal health, and plant health regulatory programs.
IER is composed of a president and 16 members of various institutions and establishments, half of them from CCDH.
The name changed due to the new law about State Ministry of 2008.
Texas AgriLife Research serves all 254 Texas counties and operates 15 research centers throughout the state.
It was created on the initiative of the Head of State, Józef Piłsudski.
The Oklahoma Tax Commission is the Oklahoma state government agency that collects taxes and enforces the taxation and revenue laws of the state.
Mauritania Postal Service became a regular member of the Universal Postal Union.
The MOD was established when the British Mandate of Palestine ended, and the British Army departed Palestine and the State of Israel was formed.
It allows enrollees to compare health insurance plans and provides those who qualify with access to tax credits.
It is housed at Kastellet in Copenhagen.
The Treaty of Waitangi is on display in the Constitution Room at the head office in Wellington.
The JACC is an agency within Australia's Department of Infrastructure and Regional Development, headed by Judith Zielke.
The ministry is headed by the politically appointed Minister of Defence, currently Ine Marie Eriksen Søreide.
The Government of Ghana was created as a parliamentary democracy, followed by alternating military and civilian governments.
The ministry is responsible for formulating and implementing national policy on power and renewable energy and other subjects which come under its purview.
It is also responsible for conducting Population Census and By-census in Hong Kong since 1971.
The first minister of the newly established ministry became Hayati Yazıcı, who served as the undersecretary before.
The Government Service Insurance System is a government-owned and controlled corporation of the Philippines.
In 2013/14, Pharmac has a subsidy budget of approximately $795 million, which was used to subsidise 43.1 million prescriptions issued to 3.5 million New Zealanders.
It employs 5 permanent staff and collects information regarding to Nauru.
bring the law into line with current conditions and needs
The current Minister of Social Development is Bathabile Dlamini.
Rajiv Jain is the current director of IB, holding the position since January 1, 2017.
The Sistema de Informações da República Portuguesa is the coordinating structure of the Portuguese intelligence.
It was formed under the Articles 243-K and 243-ZA of Constitution of India.
The Fujian Provincial Government is the government that governs Fujian Province of the Republic of China.
She has previously been employed - for five years - within the Public Protector's House.
The authority is also part of a public-private partnership that operates the DC Circulator bus system.
The Bank was established by Law No.
It coordinates all U.S. Government efforts to improve counter-terrorism cooperation with foreign governments and participates in the development, coordination, and implementation of American counterterrorism policy.
BOI also assists investors in the growth, nurturing and diversification of their business.
The Solicitor General is Robert Buckland QC MP.
It also carries out other administrative functions such as:
The BAI is the regulator of both public and commercial broadcasting sector in Ireland.
The Department regulates the consumer lending business in Oklahoma by overseeing non-commercial credit, small loans, installment sales and usury.
Landscaping, park development and tourism are also overseen by the municipality.
For short it is better known as the Derzhkomteleradio.
The Secretary of State for the Environment was a UK cabinet position, responsible for the Department of the Environment.
The California Department of Pesticide Regulation, also known as DPR or CDPR, is one of six boards and departments of the California Environmental Protection Agency.
The Ministry of Commerce was also in charge of managing the process of accession to the WTO.
On June 1, 2014, the commission dropped its Malay abbreviation, SKMM from its corporate name while its English abbreviation MCMC were remained in use.
As of February 15, 2017, President Donald Trump is considering William Happer or David Gelernter to fill the position.
The department publishes a number of financial reports throughout the year designed to allow the government to fulfill its public accountability role as dictated by legislation.
The Oklahoma State Board of Equalization is an agency of the state of Oklahoma that is responsible for tax administration.
Compiles fortnightly report on people's reaction collected from the districts and forwarded to the Government.
Its mission is to "facilitate the provision of basic health services that are good, quality, equitable, accessible, affordable, sustainable[,] and gender sensitive."
The Department of Civil Aviation is the governing body which oversees aviation activities in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
There is judicial recognition of this, dictating that certain rights of the public are key to individual common law rights.
The director of Ohio EPA is appointed by the governor and serves as a cabinet member.
The Iraqi Directorate of General Military Intelligence was the military intelligence service of Iraq from 1932 to 2003.
In theory the Executive Committee was not answerable to the House of Commons but held their positions "during the pleasure of the Lord Lieutenant".
The organization provided mobile radio, Teletype, telephone and cryptographic aides in the White House and at "Shangri-La".
Goddard scientists can develop and support a mission, and Goddard engineers and technicians can design and build the spacecraft for that mission.
The Tanzania Communications Regulatory Authority, established by the TCRA Act No.
Some of the provisions under Environmental Act, 1986 and the rules framed under this like:
The Organization and Guidance Department is an agency of the Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea.
The Cuyahoga Metropolitan Housing Authority is a governmental organization responsible for the ownership and management of low-income housing property in Cuyahoga County, Ohio.
The Georgia Department of Revenue is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia
The Greek National Tourism Organization, often appreviated as GNTO is the governmental department for the promotion of tourism in Greece.
Its mission is to prosecute state social security and labour branch ruling functions and realize state policy in these branches.
Work relief was preferred over public assistance because it maintained self-respect, reinforced the work ethic, and kept skills sharp."
Parliament's Statutory Officers Committee would begin looking for her replacement "soon", no timeframe has been given.
It is assigned to the Michigan Department of Natural Resources.
The Agency also resolves disputes through conciliation, mediation and arbitration services.
The DCCAH has its office is located in the Navy Yard neighborhood of southeast Washington, D.C.
The Ministry of Emergency Situations is the government agency overseeing emergency services in Uzbekistan.
Ames was founded to conduct wind-tunnel research on the aerodynamics of propeller-driven aircraft; however, its role has expanded to encompass spaceflight and information technology.
As of 2013, Anrijs Matīss is the minister.
AGS assisted the ERCB by providing data, information, knowledge and advice about the geology of Alberta.
Statistics Indonesia also assists data processing divisions in other public offices to support and to promote standard statistical methods.
The Ministry of Cultural Affairs is part of the Albanian government responsible for implementation of government tourism, cultural affairs, youth and sports policy.
OSI is part of the Irish public service.
It acts as a central authority of the state administration for prisons; the Prison Service of the Czech Republic is its subsidiary.
The Laboratory is a member of a unique community of marine research and educational institutions located on Virginia Key in Miami, Florida.
Its entire composition was approved on December 4, 2014.
The board also works with private land owners and the Federal Government to promote consistent forest management policies throughout the state.
It conducts statistical activities in support of the research, analysis, and evaluation of programs to meet the needs of an aging population.
In addition, the Oregon Arts Commission receives administrative support from the agency, and the semi-privatized Oregon Film and Video Office receives direct monetary support.
It is responsible for protecting human health and for safeguarding the natural environment: air, water, and land.
DCA also conducts research and advocates for public policy that furthers its work to support New York City’s communities.
The NSI's headquarters is in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Ministry of Security and Public Administration, formerly Ministry of Public Administration and Security, is a ministry of the national government of South Korea.
Acquire and build armaments, ammunition, and all kinds of materials and elements for the use of Army and Air Force.
Telecommunications and information technology sectors fall under another state agency, the Information and Communication Technologies Authority.
The Chicago Department of Public Health is a government department of the City of Chicago.
In 2012, it managed defined benefit pension plans for 156,563 civil servants, including 56,752 retirees, making it the largest county retirement system in the United States.
These aides oversee the political and policy interests of the president and do not require Senate confirmation for appointment.
The equivalent office in Scotland is the Registers of Scotland.
The candidate for the minister of the MPS is nominated by the Premier of the People's Republic of China and approved by the National People's Congress.
The Office for Kosovo and Metohija of the Republic of Serbia is a coordination body of the Government of Serbia.
Formerly the Crime and Misconduct Commission 2002-2014.
Republic Polytechnic's project team began operating in the premises of Data Storage Institute, National University of Singapore in January 2002.
The Department of Education was an Australian government department that existed between December 1972 and March 1983.
Sharjah Museums Department is member of the Global Cultural Districts Network.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Arab Republic of Egypt is the Egyptian government ministry which oversees the foreign relations of Egypt.
Al-Istikhbarat is divided into a Special, Political and Administrative Bureau."
The board's activities are based on the Film Classification Act, 2005.
Prior to the Constitution, according to law 60 of April 25, 1940, it was known as Department of Agriculture.Its purpose is to:
local and state governments of the United States, and
In Singapore, there are 70 resident foreign Embassies and High Commissions, 43 foreign Consulates, and 11 International Organisations based in Singapore.
The National Socialist League of the Reich for Physical Exercise, was the umbrella organization for sports and physical education in Nazi Germany.
enable industries to adapt to compete in a fast-changing international and economic environment
It is headed by the Prime Minister and their top political staff.
It is often abbreviated as "Мinijust" [of Ukraine].
Over time, the FTC has been delegated with the enforcement of additional business regulation statutes and has promulgated a number of regulations.
Cal Remington is the current Interim Chief Probation Officer.
The 3rd and current Secretary is Stephen W. S. McKeever, who was appointed by Governor Mary Fallin on January 10, 2011.
All operational matters including navigational safety and the smooth running of the Port are overseen by the Captain of the Port.
DBS started operating on 1 December 2012.
The Ministry of Communications and Information is a ministry of the Government of Singapore.
He is the fast friend of Abdul Majeed Bhatti.
CAA is also responsible for managing civilian pilot, aerodrome and aircraft licensing in New Zealand.
The USGS Library has major branches in Lakewood, Colorado, and Menlo Park, California and smaller, focused research libraries in Flagstaff, Arizona and Lafayette, Louisiana.
Mahesh Sharma is the current Minister of Culture.
It also inspects nuclear safety activities and regulate the approval mechanism.
It main focus is activities which threaten national security and therefore, the purpose is much similar to Special Branchs of British and Commonwealth police forces.
Ministry of Industry is governmental body of Nepal to monitor and manage industries of the country.
The minister responsible for the department is Steven Miles.The department's head office is at 400 George Street in the Brisbane CBD.
If a case is believed to be of a political nature, it is instead handed over to the State Security Department for investigation.
About 20 of these are political appointees and 180 non-politically appointed officials.
Obviously the work of that PID was largely a case that took place in the seclusion.
The current Controller is Dr TH LEUNG, JP.
The ministers are drawn from the political parties which, in practice, form the governing coalition.
In the 2012/13 financial year the Department of Justice had 23,780 employees and the Department of Correctional Services had 40,165.
Although Labor's Sydney Metro proposals were not revived, an alternative rapid transit system was proposed by the Liberal/Nationals government elected in 2011.
The Ministry of Sports is a cabinet-level federal ministry in Brazil.
The Department of Corrections is governed by the seven-member Board of Corrections.
The Agency managing more than 40 schemes, the largest of which the Basic Payment Scheme paying more than £1.5 billion to around 105,000 claimants a year.
The plan set goals of the overseas branches of the agency, e.g.
The ministry has the largest share of the national budget among all government ministries, with a budget of $2.289 billion USD in 2013.
The Secretary serves as the chief advisor to the Governor on veterans healthcare and benefits.
The Department of the Media was an Australian government department that existed between December 1972 and December 1975.
The Los Angeles County Department of Public Health provides public health services to Los Angeles County residents.
Developing tourism as a sustainable economic activity with a relevant role for the generation of jobs and foreign currency and providing social inclusion.
The Government Actuary’s Department is a department of the Government of the United Kingdom responsible for providing actuarial advice to public sector clients.
The Defence Intelligence Agency, is the primary military intelligence agency of Nigeria.
The KCAA offers training in the aviation professions through its affiliated East African School of Aviation.
The governor is the ex officio Commander-in-Chief of the Oklahoma National Guard when not called into federal use.
co-ordinate the civilian needs for maritime surveillance and maritime information.
Your Health Idaho, sometimes known as the Idaho Health Insurance Exchange, is the health insurance marketplace for the U.S. state of Idaho.
It operates from eight offices across Ireland: the Dublin headquarters and offices in Kilkenny, Athlone, Cork, Galway, Limerick, Sligo and Waterford.
The Security Intelligence Agency is a national intelligence agency of Serbia.
Anthony Roberts MP and the Minister for the Environment, the Minister for Heritage, and the Minister for Local Government, presently the Hon.
The Department was created in 1789 and was the first executive department established.
It works to advance the secretary's mission by building partnerships with faith-based groups, community organizations, and neighborhood leaders.
The Board of Juvenile Affairs is the governing body of OJA.
The ABCC provided education, investigated workplace complaints and enforced compliance with national workplace laws in the industry.
The Ombudsman’s Office is funded through the Inspector General’s Office, but it operates independently in administration and budget.
One commissioner is a designated Chairman, elected by the Commission for a two-year term.
The SSC's official responsibilities, as defined by the State Sector Act 1988, include:
            Kollam DD - Kollam , Thiruvananthapuram,
The Federal Crop Insurance Corporation is a wholly owned government corporation managed by the Risk Management Agency of the United States Department of Agriculture.
The current OMES Director is Preston Doerflinger, who was appointed by Governor Mary Fallin in 2011.
In addition to its complaint-handling role, the Ombudsman is the national human rights institution, accredited with A status by the ICC.
The agency is currently led by Chief Kenneth Green.
On 1 April 2012, TELA merged with Hong Kong Broadcasting Authority and Office of the Telecommunications Authority to create a new authority, the Communications Authority.
It is responsible for the maintenance of the city's lands which include: parks, natural preserves, and streetscapes.
The Paul Ehrlich Institute is a German research institution and medical regulatory body, and is the German federal institute for vaccines and biomedicines.
The director of Washington State Gambling Commission is Rick Day, who has been the director since 2001.
The department's head office is at 41 George Street in the Brisbane CBD.
NGA was known as the National Imagery and Mapping Agency until 2003.
The Utah Department of Transportation is an agency of the state government of Utah, United States; it is usually referred to by its initials UDOT.
Western Australian Government Railways was the operator of railway services in the state of Western Australia between October 1890 and June 2003.
One of the more important findings, by the agency, has been the type of population growth occurring in Egypt.
The public broadcasting fee was abolished in 1999 and NZ on Air now receives its funds through the Ministry for Culture and Heritage.
main customs offices: Erfurt, Landshut, Munich, Nuremberg, Regensburg, Rosenheim, Schweinfurt and Augsburg
NIBIB programs accelerate the development and application of biomedical imaging and bioengineering technologies to study, diagnose, and treat human diseases.
It has its headquarters in the Seoul Government Complex.
The Federal Bureau of Prisons, is a United States federal law enforcement agency.
The political head of the department is the Minister of Justice and Correctional Services, who is supported by two deputy ministers.
Her last day of work was July 29.
The Department of Workplace Relations and Small Business was an Australian government department that existed between July 1997 and October 1998.
It along with the ACT Ambulance Service, ACT State Emergency Service and ACT Rural Fire Service are part of the Australian Capital Territory Emergency Services Agency.
The current Attorney-General and Commissioner of Justice is Emmanuel C. Aguma, appointed in 2015.
In July 1998, the SEA developed the "Destination Financing Plan" to encourage Pittsburgh's image as a travel destination.
Unsatisfactory - Quality not yet at the level acceptable for schools in Dubai.
The Minister for Livestock Development and Fisheries is David Mathayo David.
It had the stated mission of "investing for results from research, science and technology to deliver greater prosperity, security and opportunities to all New Zealanders".
It has a budget of $9.7 billion, employs over 14,000 people, and serves over 3 million New Yorkers.
Since its founding in 1912, the Ohio Bureau of Workers' Compensation has provided medical and compensation benefits for work-related injuries, diseases and deaths.
BEREC will issue opinions on market definitions and remedies proposed by NRAs.
The State Regents are the statewide coordinating board of control for the state’s twenty-five colleges and universities, ten constituent agencies, and two higher education programs.
Among its responsibilities, it grants recognized status to indigenous tribes of Taiwan.
The two main constituent groups were the Allgemeine SS and Waffen-SS.
It was constituted on 1 February 2016, under Andhra Pradesh Urban Areas Act 1975.
It was established under the New Zealand Film Commission Act 1978.
It is one of the world's largest producers of maps.
The Veterans Benefits Administration is responsible for administering the Department’s programs that provide financial and other forms of assistance to Veterans, their dependents, and survivors.
The Department, created by Prime Minister William McMahon, was a grab-bag of three areas in which the McMahon Government had very little interest.
Unaizah Municipality is the headquarters of the Metropolitan area of Unaizah, Saudi Arabia.
The main responsibilities of MIRA include execution of tax laws, implementation of tax policies and providing technical advice to the Government in determining tax policies.
Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission is a governing body to control certain regulatory and safety functions  in Maharashtra based in Mumbai.
1st & 2nd year during January/February every year
However, as an inter-services organisation it is overseen by the Joint Services Headquarters, and works closely with the Strategic Plans Division.
Incorporated within the Prime Minister's Office, the Bureau is headed by a director who reports directly to the Prime Minister.
The marketplace is offered to individuals and families who are not covered by their employer.
The Ministry of Justice is the justice ministry of the government of Egypt.
Since many of the biggest polluters were along the Willamette, OSSA focused its efforts there.
It is the Iranian representative to International Organization for Standardization.
Originally bodyguards for Adolf Hitler, it later provided men for the protection of other high-ranking leaders of the Nazi regime.
It was created by the State of California's IT Manager's Academy, part of the CTA.
It is a statutory body funded by, but operating independently of, the Australian Government.
The Environmental Protection Administration of the Republic of China is a cabinet-level executive agency responsible for protecting and conserving the environment in the Republic of China.
Despite being an executive branch official, the governor also holds legislative and judicial powers.
The Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission was created in 1937 to construct, finance, operate, and maintain the Pennsylvania Turnpike.
The agency conducts investigations of shipping accidents and incidents.
It has, however, been controversial throughout its existence.
IMLS is located at 955 L’Enfant Plaza North, SW, Suite 4000, Washington, D.C. 20024-2135.
Shashi Sekhar Vembati is the current chairperson of Prasar Bharati and Jawhar Sircar was the CEO till November,2016.
The current Minister of State for National Health Services Regulation and Coordination is Saira Afzal Tarar.
In 2005, video and computer games became subject to the same classification ratings and restrictions as films, in response to confusion by parents.
It has existed under many different names since the establishment of government in Queensland.
The primary goal of the institute is to educate and develop the professional skills of Polish Foreign Service officers.
It falls under the government portfolio of Gaming and Racing and is governed by the Public Lotteries Act 1996.
Acceptable - The minimum level of acceptability required for Dubai.
The Seychelles Tourism Board is a statutory body that came into existence on 1 April 2005 when the Seychelles Tourism Board Act, 2005, came into force.
The National Intelligence Service is the chief intelligence agency of South Korea.
uncovering the myriad ways Australia farmers are adapting to our notoriously variable climate
The Ministry of Health, is an Angolan government ministry.
It is also known as State Council General Office or "State Office".
The Puerto Rico Energy Commission is the government agency that regulates the energy industry in Puerto Rico.
In 2004 the department had operating costs of $215,000,000 approx with $120,000,000 provided directly by the state government.
Singapore maintains diplomatic relations with 188 countries.
It operates under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Economic Affairs.
The NIK is subordinate to the Sejm and it acts in accordance with the principle of collegiate responsibility.
The main functions of TERM Cells are vigilance, monitoring and security of the network.
At about the same time FAS, the national training and employment authority established in 1987, was also dissolved.
The Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare is a cabinet level ministry of the Japanese government.
The New York State Department of Environmental Conservation is a department of the New York state government.
It was formed on 9 December 2010 through the reorganization of the Ministry of Agrarian Policy.
Prior to 2010, the Los Angeles County Office of Public Safety and its predecessor agencies were responsible for law enforcement in the county parks.
The agency also operates hotels, resorts, and tourist rest houses in key locations in the state.
ACHP is the only entity with the legal responsibility to encourage Federal agencies to factor historic preservation into Federal project requirements.
The Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs and the Bureau of Public Affairs are the sister bureaus.
The Ministry of Defence is a department of the Government of Spain.
Its activities include issual of licences and permits.
The National Archive is also responsible for control.
The Board is the mainstream of education throughout the country.
It also ensures that gaming in a casino is conducted honestly, and that casinos do not cause harm to minors, vulnerable persons and society at large.
For example, provincial governments have primary authority for resource management including permitting industrial waste discharges.
At that location, they monitor traffic conditions, operate traffic lights, and broadcast on 1380 AM via WTMC radio.
The Directorate of State Security, commonly called the Sigurimi, was the state security, intelligence and secret police service of the People's Socialist Republic of Albania.
• The Instituto Nacional Penitenciario y Carcelario INPEC • The Agencia Nacional para la Defensa Jurídica del Estado ANDJE.
The head of the department is the Minister for Communications, Climate Change and Natural Resources who is assisted by one Minister of State.
The previous Public Advocate was Zulima Farber, who served as state Public Advocate from 1992 to 1994 in the Cabinet of former Governor James Florio.
The agency was allocated A$6.2 million in the 2012-13 financial year.
He or she is elected by members of the Assembly on a three-fifths majority for a period of 5 years with the right for reelection.
The Atomic Energy Council is an independent government agency of the Executive Yuan of the Taiwan which is responsible for atomic safety, development and regulations.
Founded in 2002, it was the first school system in Singapore to use Problem-based learning pedagogy for all its diploma programmes.
Its mandate is set out in the Further Education and Training Act 2013.
It is run by the Egyptian government.
The Pennsylvania Department of State is a cabinet-level agency in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
There are several industries and organisations that fall under the purview of the ministry which may or may not be entirely associated with the Pakistan Railways.
The child protection staff are supported by the provincial office of the Child Protection Division.
The autonomy plan is opposed by the Polisario Front, which demands that the United Nations resolutions calling for a referendum be implemented.
Of particular concern were sulfite process mills that discharged plumes of waste that were deadly to many aquatic plants and animals.
The Director of the NEC is titled the Assistant to the President for Economic Policy and Director of the National Economic Council.
The name Sol Plaatje House is now used for the new Department of Basic Education building.
It was established in 2009 after the election of President Jacob Zuma.
Its political head is the Defense Minister of Israel, and its offices are located in HaKirya, Tel Aviv.
It was the second so-named Australian Government department.
DAE has been engaged in the development of nuclear power technology, applications of radiation technologies in the fields of agriculture, medicine, industry and basic research.
The New York City Department of Finance is the revenue service, taxation agency and recorder of deeds of the government of New York City.
BIM headquarters is currently located in Dún Laoghaire, County Dublin.
It strengthens security-related defence of the Indian Internet domain.
The Special Branch or SB is the prime intelligence agency of Bangladesh, being an important agency in the Bangladeshi intelligence community.
The current campus size is 33.6 hectares located in Clementi Road, Singapore.
Cap Digital provides members with essential information, networks, and resources.
The stated priorities of USCIS are to promote national security, to eliminate immigration case backlogs, and to improve customer services.
Bureau staff plan, build, manage and maintain a transportation system with the goal of providing people and businesses access and mobility.
NDOT is responsible for maintaining and improving Nevada's highway system, which includes U.S. highways and Interstate highways within the state's boundaries.
Since 2007, the office-holder is Prof. Dr. Veysel Eroğlu of the Justice and Development Party.
The police are under the direct control of the MUP RS.
Meteorological Service of New Zealand Limited was established as a state-owned enterprise in 1992.
The CHRB has seven members who are appointed by the Governor of California.
"G2" works closely with the Garda Síochána Special Detective Unit, the national police counter-terrorism and counter-espionage unit.
The institution was initially overseen by the Central Bank of Turkey, however, it later became attached to the Prime Minister's office.
As of 2010, the agency regulated more than 1,100 electric, natural gas, telephone, water, and water/sewer utilities.
supporting the development of an all-of-government Work Programme and the governance structures set up as part of the New Zealand Geospatial Strategy
The Ontario Securities Commission is a regulatory agency which administers and enforces securities legislation in the Canadian province of Ontario.
There are over 30 local, state, national, international, private, and public companies and agencies using SSC for their rocket testing facilities.
The Oklahoma Secretary of Health was a member of the Oklahoma Governor's Cabinet.
Charities Services, formerly known as the Charities Commission, was established by the Charities Act 2005.
The Department's brand new headquarters complex is located in Santurce on the banks of the Martín Peña Channel in Santurce, Puerto Rico.
The Commission is responsible for appointing the State Director of Aeronautics to serve at its pleasure.
The Federal Department of Defence, Civil Protection and Sport is one of the seven departments of the Swiss federal government.
EMBC has its headquarters in Victoria, British Columbia, and incorporates six regional offices throughout the province in Surrey, Kamloops, Nelson, Terrace, Prince George and Victoria.
Arun Jaitley is the current Finance Minister of India.
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission is a federal agency that administers and enforces civil rights laws against workplace discrimination.
The German Gestapo were the equivalent of the OVRA.
The New Zealand Security Intelligence Service is New Zealand's primary national intelligence agency, responsible for national security and foreign intelligence.
The ministry was created in 2003 to coordinate services for families with children.
The DIA promotes Nigeria's Defence Policy, enhances military cooperation with other countries, protects the lives of Nigerian citizens, and maintains the territorial integrity of Nigeria.
The building was constructed on the waters of the inner basin of Grand Canal Dock.
The current Under Secretary is Dr. Reginald Brothers.
Specifically, the Act transferred ATF and its law enforcement functions from the Department of the Treasury to the Department of Justice.
Governor Mary Fallin appointed Cline to served as the Oklahoma Secretary of Health and Human Services in 2011 in addition to his duties as Health Commissioner.
Troy Grant MP; and the Minister for Counter Terrorism and the Minister for Corrections, currently the Hon.
During World War II, CGI was concerned with internal and domestic intelligence and counterintelligence.
With a staff of over 150,000 people, the Australian Public Service is one of Australia's largest employers.
It was formed by the merger of the Office of Electricity Regulation and Office of Gas Supply.
The Pyrenees–Mediterranean Euroregion) is a Euroregion founded on the 29 October 2004.
The main objective of the JAEC is to promote and develop peaceful utilization of atomic energy.
