Today, the Thomas Goode Jones School of Law at Faulkner University, in Montgomery, Alabama, is named for him.
He got enrolled in the Mexican Revolution while working at a factory in the municipality of Río Blanco in his native Veracruz.
Terhune commanded the USS Annapolis, which landed hundreds of troops to quell the violence and protect American civilians and property.
He is a former governor of Chihuahua and former secretary in the cabinet of President Vicente Fox.
John Anthony Notte Jr. was an American politician, a Democrat, best known for serving as the 65th Governor of Rhode Island.
He then became Military Administrator of Ondo State in August 1998, handing over power to the civilian governor Adebayo Adefarati in May 1999.
He and his family journeyed to Minnesota in 1853, settling first in St. Paul then St. Peter.
He implemented the first "dula" for the distribution of river waters and granted lands to retired soldiers and military widows.
Sir Danvers Osborne, 3rd Baronet was colonial governor of New York province briefly in 1753.
In 1839, Johnson was appointed a judge in the 3rd Judicial Court.
Dr. Ahmad Yusuf Nuristani is a well-known and highly respected politician in Afghanistan.
He served as an assistant minority leader from 1981 to 1982.
Alberto Andrés Alvarado Arámburo was a Mexican politician who served as the Governor of Baja California Sur from 1981 to 1987.
Bibit Waluyo is the governor of Indonesia's Central Java province for 2008-2013 term.
He became a merchant, in 1836 and moved to Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Symington is also known as a witness to the infamous Phoenix Lights, a mass UFO sighting which occurred in Phoenix, Arizona on March 13, 1997.
From 1832 to 1834, he was a State Senator, serving as President pro tempore of the State Senate in 1832.
Following the return to democracy, as a former military administrator he was required to retire from the army.
Arnoldus Vanderhorst was a general of the South Carolina militia during the Revolutionary War and the 38th Governor of South Carolina from 1794 to 1796.
Upon the recommendation of the Duke of Wellington, with whom he had served, he was appointed governor of New South Wales from 1821 to 1825.
Bowdoin College in Maine was named in his honor after a bequest by his son James III.
José Antonio de Mendoza Caamaño y Sotomayor, 3rd Marquis of Villagarcía de Arousa was a Spanish colonial administrator in the Americas.
James M. Stevens was a Republican politician from Idaho.
His father was Minnesota Attorney General Robert W. Mattson Sr.
Dummer was born into a wealthy Massachusetts merchant family, traveling to England as a young man to participate in the business.
William Lowe "Bill" Waller, Sr. was an American politician.
Orman was born in Muscatine, Iowa and grew up on his family's farm there.
In this function he served between January 2, 1933 and January 7, 1935.
He was chairman of the board of Sapporo University.
The coup of September 1955 dissolved the Senate.
James Grubbs "Jim" Martin is a retired American politician who served as the 70th Governor of North Carolina.
He has served as Mexico's Ambassador to Cuba since 2016.
White's son Edward Douglass White Jr. was elected by the state legislature as a United States senator from Louisiana.
He won the Sahitya Akademi Award for his book Vaazhum Valluvam.
He also served as a United States Representative and as a United States Senator.
Stephen Ernest Merrill is an American lawyer and Republican politician from Manchester, New Hampshire.
Abdul Karim Burjas al-Rawi was the first post-invasion Governor of Iraq's Al Anbar province, serving until July 2004, when he resigned.
Samuel Ogle was the 16th, 18th and 20th Proprietary Governor of Maryland from 1731 to 1732, 1733 to 1742, and 1746/1747 to 1752.
Olafemi was elected to the Kogi State house of assembly for the Mopamuro Constituency in April 2007 on the People's Democratic Party platform.
He agreed to either send the men, or some comparable assistance.
Roger Wolcott was a Republican lawyer and politician from Massachusetts.
For that reason he was held in preventive custody on January 26, 2017.
He officially commissioned the Anambra State University of Technology Teaching Hospital, since renamed the Nnamdi Azikiwe University Teaching Hospital, on 19 July 1991.
He helped bring an end to extreme violence between Korean and Chinese fisherman in Samoan waters.
He also served as alcalde ordinario in Mexico City.
He was devoted to the Hansen's Disease-afflicted residents of Kalaupapa on the island of Molokaʻi.
He is listed as one of the few politicians to be an adherent of Swedenborgianism.
He used to be Governor of Ghor Province.
He is a member of the 4th Assembly of Experts from the West Azerbaijan electorate.
However, because Daggett was a brigadier general by brevet rank only, Ames was the last full-ranked Civil War general to die.
Leedy died in Edmonton, Alberta on March 24, 1935, with almost no money or other assets.
When the city asked for help, he suppressed the white rioting with use of federal troops.
She has worked nine years in the Swedish Government Offices.
As the Queen's representative, Léger was credited for modernising the office and fostering Canadian unity.
Joseph Bloomfield was the fourth Governor of New Jersey.
She did not join the Civic Coalition block either, however, sitting in an ARI block.
He was the spokesperson for President Hamid Karzai, and Chief of Presidential Media, Office of the President, during the interim administration.
In November 1982 he became seriously ill due to a blood infection that required dialysis.
He served in the United States House of Representatives as a Jacksonian from 1829 to 1831.
Daniel Dunklin was the fifth Governor of Missouri, serving from 1832 to 1836.
As part of his speculation, he owned enormous tracts of land in strategic areas.
He was 6th Duke of Veragua, 6th Marquis of Jamaica and 6th Count of Gelves.
He would earn a Bronze Star and a Purple Heart.
Walter Welford was born in Bellerby, Yorkshire, England.
In 1896, Watts was the Democratic party candidate for Governor of West Virginia.
Albert Edson Sleeper was an American politician and served as the 29th Governor of Michigan from 1917 to 1921.
Hill also held several offices in the Democratic Party of Idaho.
William Livingston served as the Governor of New Jersey during the American Revolutionary War and was a signer of the United States Constitution.
A Republican, he was the 14th Governor of Idaho, serving from 1927 until 1931.
Meredith Miles Marmaduke was an American politician who served as the 8th Governor of Missouri in 1844, following the suicide of Governor Thomas Reynolds.
In November 2000, Rasheed Raji declared for the ruling People's Democratic Party.
Elected in 1872, and reelected in 1874, he was Governor of Kansas from 1873 to 1877.
Derick Milton Latibeaudiere, OJ is the former governor of Jamaica's central bank, the Bank of Jamaica.
He was appointed to the Interstate Commerce Commission by President William McKinley in 1899.
Benjamin Ogle was the ninth Governor of Maryland from 1798 to 1801.
He is a member of the Democratic Party.
A Yale graduate, Washburn parlayed early business success in furniture manufacture into banking and railroads, based in the Connecticut River valley town of Greenfield.
George Tobey Anthony was seventh Governor of Kansas, and was a second cousin of suffragette Susan B. Anthony.
Edward C. Shannon was the 15th Lieutenant Governor of Pennsylvania from 1931 to 1935.
Branch served in the North Carolina Senate from 1811 to 1817 and was the state's Governor from 1817 to 1820.
He was the first Lieutenant Governor in the history of South Dakota to move into the Governor's office.
Harvey Parnell was the 29th governor of Arkansas, and served from 1928 to 1933.
Thomas McKee Bayne was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
After Slaton's term as governor ended, he and his wife left the state for a decade.
Yates restricted prison industries, but vetoed a bill calling for a centralized audit of all state agencies.
Entering politics, he founded the Renewal Crusade party.
In March 1964 he attended a marine engineering course with the Royal Naval Ships in Rotterdam, Holland.
In 1993, his wife Chinyere Nwosu established the Abia Less Privileged Organisation, to assist women in gaining accommodation and skills.
Claflin was educated at Brown University, and worked in his father's shoe manufacturing business before becoming a partner in it.
Ralph Waldo Hungerford was a United States Navy Captain, and the 33rd Governor of American Samoa from January 27, 1945 to September 3, 1945.
He holds a national award of CFR.
In 1944 he made a brief unsuccessful bid for the Democratic presidential nomination.
He was married to Parmelia Thompson from 1809 to his death in 1839.
He served as the chief of General Independent Administration of Anti Corruption since January 2007.
He served as the 36th Governor of Connecticut from 1850 to 1853 and as Minister to Russia from 1853 to 1858.
He was sworn into office along with his deputy governor, Muslim Kasim by the Minister of Home Affairs Gamawan Fauzi on 15 August 2010.
He attended Brown University but did not graduate.
Mohammad Asif Nang was appointed as the governor of Farah Province of Afghanistan on January 22, 2015.
Heyward wrote the book "Seed from Madagascar" in 1937.
He became the first Oklahoma governor to be convicted of criminal acts committed during his tenure.
On April 9, 2014, Hawkins announced his second campaign for Governor of New York.
During his administration of Osun State he commissioned a water corporation office in Ifetedo, but did not provide adequate water supplies.
As governor of Bauchi State, Raji’s tenure was relatively uneventful.
Nathaniel Boileau was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and served as speaker in 1808.
Blasco Núñez Vela y Villalba was the first Spanish viceroy of Peru.
As governor, he was noted for establishing South Carolina College, and for championing the removal of property restrictions on the franchise.
As of November 16, 2016, he is in jail.
James Wilson Henderson was the fourth Governor of Texas from November 23, 1853 to December 21, 1853.
In the 1896 gubernatorial election, he won the Democratic primary and convincingly won in the general election to become the 86th governor of South Carolina.
Hugh McVay was the ninth governor of the U.S. state of Alabama from July 17 to November 30, 1837.
Mimiko contested this decision at the election tribunal and was adjudged winner at the tribunal and the Court of Appeal on February 23, 2009.
Landenberger commanded many ships during his naval career, as well as two naval yards.
Lozano was sworn into office on December 1, 2010.
Under the treaties, Chihuahua agreed to improve free trade, tourism, and economic links between the border states.
He was Michigan's only three-term governor in the 19th century.
On title-page he is described as "Anglus ex Carolina."
He also served as the state's third Lieutenant Governor.
He also introduced tussock grass into Great Britain from Falkland, for which he received the gold medal of the Royal Agricultural Society.
He served as Chief Justice of the Vermont Supreme Court from 1834 to 1846 and as Governor of Vermont from 1850 to 1852.
He previously served as the director of information and culture in Ghazni province, and as a sub-governor in two districts of Ghazni province.
William Christian Bouck was an American politician from New York.
Colonel Herbert Obi-Eze was appointed Military Administrator of Anambra State in Nigeria in August 1990 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida.
In 1994 he was elected to the Chamber of Deputies for Chihuahua's Fifth District to serve during the 56th Congress.
He continued to work as a politically powerful editor in Parkerburg until 1889.
He died in 1934 of complications of diabetes.
Julius Converse was the 34th Governor of Vermont, from 1872 to 1874 and the 16th Lieutenant Governor of Vermont from 1850 to 1852.
His collection of fine porcelain was donated to the state after his death and was placed in Bridges House - the Governor's mansion.
Immediately after the coup, he was appointed Governor of East Central State.
His mansion is one of only four remaining original antebellum houses in the city of Atlanta.
Hardin Richard Runnels was a U.S. political figure.
He died in the late hours of May 29, 2013.
He is a member of 5th Assembly of Experts from Ardabil Province electorate.
He held the longest term of any American governor appointed over the territory by the United States Government.
Port Moody in British Columbia, and Moody Park and Moody square in New Westminster, are named after him.
As governor, Brown embarked on massive projects, building important infrastructure and redefined the state's higher education system.
Despite this, he remained politically active after independence, continuing to serve in the state government.
The Liberal candidate, Allen G. Campbell – with 1357 votes – lost resoundingly to Mormon General Authority George Q. Cannon who had 18,567 votes.
He was thereafter a United States federal judge.
The state of emergency was illegal under Russian law, but allowed Gorbenko to consolidate his hold on power.
However, before Governor Murray certified the election, a protest on behalf of Campbell was filed.
By 1872 Warmoth had allied with anti-Grant Republicans and some Democrats, supporting election of Democratic candidate John McEnery.
Giustiniani was a National Deputy from 1997 to 2003, when he was elected senator for the minority.
He also served as Interim Governor of Coahuila y Tejas between 1834 and 1835.
He interrupted his fourth consecutive term to leave Washington and run for governor.
He served as Governor of Chihuahua from 1985 to 1986.
Gatewood Sanders Lincoln was a United States Navy officer who served as the 19th and 22nd Governor of American Samoa.
He was later reinstated by the Ibrahim Badamasi Babangida regime after being cleared of all charges, and was given his full benefits and retirement rank.
He promoted functional literacy for women in the state, as a means to improve health and economic development.
Eduardo Ignacio Verano de la Rosa is a Colombian politician, businessman, and active member of the Colombian Liberal Party.
While he took the oath of office on September 1, 2000, he died nearly two months later, on October 30.
Malakouti won his membership with 688,700 votes.
Brumbaugh, as is common in the Brumbaugh family.
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1836 to the Twenty-fifth Congress.
Adebayo Adefarati was a Nigerian politician who was Governor of Ondo State in Nigeria from 1999 to 2003.
Gifford Pinchot was an American forester and politician.
Edmund Fanning was a British North American colonial administrator and military leader.
He was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-sixth Congress and did not seek renomination in 1900.
Navy Captain Anthony Udofia served as Administrator of Osun State, Nigeria from December 1993 to August 1996 during the military regime of General Sani Abacha.
Before becoming governor, Elvidge had been an attorney in Seattle, Washington.
A member of the Democratic Party, he served as the 42nd Governor of Pennsylvania from 1987 to 1995.
Peter Tali Coleman was the first person of Samoan descent to be appointed Governor of American Samoa and later became the territory's first popularly elected governor.
Francisco Antonio García Carrasco Díaz was a Spanish soldier and Royal Governor of Chile.
Gage was also the U.S. Minister to Portugal for several months in 1910.
Another significant move of the administration, was the signing of a bill permitting municipal ownership of street railways.
Currently he is director at Gujarat State Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited.
Joe Frank Harris is an American Democratic politician who served as the 78th Governor of the U.S. state of Georgia from 1983 to 1991.
He was the third military Governor and first naval Governor of Guam following the United States recapture of the island from the Japanese.
Manuitt won the gubernatorial elections in 1998, 1999 and 2004 as a PPT candidate.
He was replaced by Mohammad Akram Khpalwak in April 2012.
Before entering politics, he was a dentist.
He was president of a successful leathergoods business in Norwood, Massachusetts, and active in local and state politics.
On October 7, 1998, he was named Substitute Governor of Baja California upon the death of governor Héctor Terán Terán.
Yarrington sought nomination for the presidential elections for the PRI in 2005.
In September 2006 he took office as Senator of the LX and part of the LXI Legislatures of the Mexican Congress.
A native of Ohio, he served in World War I before becoming an attorney in Oregon.
Ernest Linwood Parker was a Democratic politician from Idaho.
Jorge Tibiriçá Piratininga was a freemason, and the seventh "president" of the State of São Paulo and its second governor.
He is currently serving as Governor of Kandahar Province, a position he holds since December 2008 after replacing Rahmatullah Raufi.
Pastika was elected to a second five-year term as Governor of Bali in May 2013.
Counseling "progress under law", he took a moderate course during the civil rights movement and is remembered as a voice for civil rights.
The Louisiana State Legislature confirmed his election over the other three candidates.
He served as speaker of the Pennsylvania House 1794–1798.
He was re-elected in 1942, but lost in 1944.
Also he was MP from electoral district Tabriz, Osku and Azarshahr for 3rd and 5th terms.
In 1871, Henry's older brother, William, married Helen Barnum, a daughter of P. T. Barnum.
Alexandre Mouton was a United States Senator and the 11th Governor of Louisiana.
Spannaus married Marjorie Clarkson and had three children: Christine, David, and Laura.
He was also the Executive Governor of Edo State between 1992 and 1993, during the aborted Nigerian Third Republic.
Then, in 1974, he was elected governor of Alaska.
Diego de Quiroga y Losada was the acting Governor of Spanish Florida between 1687 and 1693.
From 1977 to 1981, he was the U.S.
Gaxiola taught in superior-level institutions of law in the Estado de México.
The expedition set sail from Portsmouth on 25 May 1664, and arrived in New Amsterdam on 27 August 1664.
He was a member of the First and Second Provincial Congresses, the First and Second General Assemblies, and the First and Second Councils of Safety.
In 1998, Gorbenko declared a state of emergency in Kalinigrad following the 1998 Russian financial crisis.
John Judson Bagley was a politician from the US state of Michigan, as well as its 16th Governor.
He also briefly served as the Mayor of Belém from 1964 to 1965 before leaving the office to successfully pursue his candidacy for Governor of Pará.
Howell gave his family's silver to make the first U. S. Currency.
Based on his father's introductions, he was soon mingling with the upper levels of British society.
Percival Proctor Baxter was the 53rd Governor of the U.S. state of Maine who served from 1921 to 1925.
He served as the first President of Minot State University, and served in World War I during that time.
In 1780 he was appointed lieutenant governor of the Province of New York.
He reduced the resources going to the construction of new ships, while increasing those applied to keeping existing vessels in good repair.
After he left office, Mitchell returned to Hillsborough County, where he was elected as clerk of the circuit court and subsequently county treasurer there.
Vice Admiral Murtala Nyako, GCON, CFR: rcds, D.Agric.
He was a member of the Maine House of Representatives 1862–65, 1868, and again in 1873, serving as speaker in 1863 and 1864.
He served in this role for ten years, from 1742 to 1752.
After leaving the War Department, Cummings recruited the Nineteenth Regiment of Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry.
Avelín considered running again for the governorship in 2007 against the incumbent, José Luis Gioja.
Rose was born in the Connecticut Colony and graduated from Yale University in 1791.
Rafael Corrales Ayala Espinoza was a Mexican lawyer and politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party who served as Governor of Guanajuato from 1985 to 1991.
He also served several years on the Seattle City Council, and in the Washington House of Representatives.
Orman was married to Nellie Martin from 1877 until her death in 1917.
But Roland Cotton received his Ph.D. at the University of Harderwijk on October 8, 1697.
Martínez served as the Governor of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico, from 1998 until 2004.
He also served as Senator during the LX and LXI.
He was National Secretary of the ruling political party, the Peoples Democratic Party.
President Grant and Secretary Cox were at odds over the fraudulent McGarahan Claims and the Dominican Republic annexation treaty.
She was denied candidacy for both the 9th Iranian presidential election and the 10th Iranian presidential election by the Guardian Council.
In August 2002, he was an aspirant to be a governorship candidate for Enugu State for All Nigeria Peoples Party.
Matthew Harvey was an American lawyer and politician from New Hampshire.
He entered the United States Naval Academy in 1874, but was not commissioned as an ensign until 1883.
He was sentenced to time served, 3 years Probation and forfeiture of $50,000.
He was the Governor of Cebu, Philippines from 1988 to 1992.
From 1998 to 2000 he was a member of the Venezuelan Senate.
He had chest pains that caused difficulty sleeping and indigestion.
He is a member of the present Islamic Consultative Assembly from the electorate of Shabestar.
Marshall Frank Moore was an American Civil War Veteran, an attorney, and the 7th Governor of Washington Territory.
Deane was elevated to the High Court in 1982, and during his tenure was generally considered to fall on the court's progressive side.
Sir Donald Charles Cameron, GCMG KBE was a British colonial governor.
A Republican, Mr. O'Brien was elected to the Ohio House in November 1980 and took office Jan. 3, 2001.
Pierce is also the namesake of the United States Supreme Court case of Pierce v. Society of Sisters on compulsory public education.
Hunter's name is commemorated in historic locations such as Hunter Valley and Hunter Street, Sydney.
Serving two terms in the turbulent period after Reconstruction, Miller's four-year administration marked the beginnings of New Departure Democrats in Arkansas.
They had five children, who in turn have left many descendants, before she died on 28 December 1838.
He served as viceroy from September 16, 1635 to August 27, 1640.
Henry Louis Bellmon was an American Republican politician from the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
In 1882, Jeter was appointed to the South Carolina Railroad Commission and served until his death on May 20, 1883.
McCarty was elected to the Florida House of Representatives, and served as its speaker, and was later elected the 31st Governor of Florida.
In the end Both Holgersson and Reepalu were acquitted.
Ambassador to Trinidad and Tobago, and his cousin Stuart Symington was a U.S.
Andrew Jackson Hamilton was a United States politician during the third quarter of the 19th century.
His funeral was held in Saltillo, the capital of Coahuila.
He was a member of the Committee of Safety in 1774 and served as a lieutenant in the New Jersey militia in 1775.
On April 10, 1912, he was appointed official referee by the appellate division of the state Supreme Court, where he served until his death.
William Irwin was a California politician from the Democratic Party who served as the 13th governor of California between 1875 and 1880.
He died at his home in Northfield on December 20, 1990, aged 77, having been ill with a heart condition.
He was appointed governor of Hidalgo to the resignation of Jesús Murillo Karam.
Nash was born in Prince Edward County in the Colony of Virginia.
Charles Miller Floyd was an American merchant, and manufacturer, and Republican politician from Manchester, New Hampshire who served two years as Governor of New Hampshire.
In December 2014 he emerged as the governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress for the March 2015 elections.
Aaron Ogden was a United States Senator and the fifth Governor of New Jersey.
He was appointed Spanish acting governor of Texas in 1798, but he never assumed the position.
Abiola, candidate of the rival Social Democratic Party came to his state.
The keys to Frémont's character and personality may lie in his being born illegitimately, his ambitious drive for success, self-justification, and passive-aggressive behavior.
Gore entered politics in 1788, serving briefly in the Massachusetts legislature before being appointed U.S. District Attorney for Massachusetts.
He studied law, and established a successful legal career, serving as county attorney and the Asheville city corporation counsel.
Thomas Hutchinson was a businessman, historian, and a prominent Loyalist politician of the Province of Massachusetts Bay in the years before the American Revolution.
Opponents of his lieutenant governor, Gabriel Slaughter, mounted a popular but unsuccessful challenge to Slaughter's succeeding Madison in office.
He was further elected to the Chamber of Deputies of Mexico in 1997, serving during the LVII meeting of the federal congress.
Huntley Nowel Spaulding was an American manufacturer and Republican politician from Rochester, New Hampshire.
There was as yet no "civil" to govern in the new settlements, just military and missionary - each of which governed their own affairs.
V C Kulandaiswamy was an Indian academic and author.
Barka was elected to the Adamawa Assembly for the Hong constituency.
Both the Peking University and the Beijing Normal University respect him as a founder and president.
However, Massey was later, as a former Governor General of Canada, entitled to be styled for life with the superior form of The Right Honourable.
Even Republican New Hampshire voted for Roosevelt, so much ticket splitting was necessary for Murphy to win.
In 1994, the Tappan Zee Bridge was renamed in Wilson's honor.
William Haselden Ellerbe was the 86th Governor of South Carolina from 1897 to 1899.
He was born in Broome County, New York, on April 28, 1817.
Crane was an advisor to Presidents Theodore Roosevelt and William Howard Taft, and served as a political mentor to Calvin Coolidge.
In 1862 he left VMI with the rest of his classmates to serve in the Confederate Army under Stonewall Jackson.
Lord Dunrossil was British High Commissioner to Fiji, Nauru and Tuvalu and later to Barbados.
He attended Washington and Lee University and the West Virginia University Law School.
John Potts was a physician and Colonial Governor of Virginia at the Jamestown settlement in the Virginia Colony in the early 17th century.
Both are nephews of Benjamín Andrés Menéndez, an Argentine general who led an unsuccessful putsch against Perón in 1951.
Mosavi was born in Germi, Ardabil Province.
Ben Wilson Olcott was the 16th Governor of Oregon, U.S.
He was Field Commander in Liberia of the ECOMOG West African multinational force from September 1991 to December 1992.
Gainford P. "Gub" Mix was a Democratic politician and farmer from Idaho.
Dame Virginia Ngozi Etiaba was the Governor of Anambra State, a state in south-east Nigeria, from November 2006 to February 2007.
He was praised for completing the tourism master plan.
He was born in Hudsonville in 1908.
He was born in 1864 in Iowa.
John Letcher was an American lawyer, journalist, and politician.
Sarobi was born in Sorab, Ghazni Province and spent her youth traveling around the country with her father.
He later worked as an investment counselor.
Tasman sent a party ashore at Blackman Bay, on the Tasman Peninsula, who planted a flag and encountered a few Tasmanian people.
Vali Dadashi known as Hamed Dadashi is an Iranian politician and academic.
On January 9, 1877, federal troops were withdrawn from New Orleans, as Grant gave up on the state, leaving it to its own devices.
A Republican, he served as a U.S.
Damián de Vega Castro y Pardo was the governor of the Spanish province of La Florida from November 26, 1639 to April 10, 1645.
Theodore "Ted" Schwinden is an American politician.
Adelbert Althouse was a United States Navy Captain who served as the 27th and 29th Naval Governor of Guam.
He is married to Beatriz Rojkés de Alperovich, who has served as National Senator and president of the Justicialist Party in his province.
From December 2001 until December 2004, she served as part of the directorate of the provincial institute of social security.
When the Silver Republicans and populists endorsed Orman, he was elected easily.
Ricardo Obregón Cano was an Argentine Justicialist Party politician.
He received his higher education at the College of William and Mary.
In 1991 he was re-elected as Governor for the 1991–1995 period, and from 1995 to 2001, he again served as a Senator.
Their children included Edward Douglass White Jr.
Charles Henry Martin was an American Army officer and later politician in the state of Oregon.
He served as the Governor of Pennsylvania during the Civil War.
In recent years, his party has leached support back to the mainstream of the PJ.
Isaacs was also Australia's first Jewish governor-general, and in retirement became known for his strident anti-Zionism.
The city of Murray, Utah was named for him.
He then spent his time studying agriculture, geography and military strategy.
Horace Eaton was an American Whig politician, a medical doctor, the twelfth lieutenant governor of Vermont, and the eighteenth governor of Vermont.
He founded Radio Voice of New Hampshire, Inc. and opened WMUR, he returned to his business interests.
He reportedly has a good reputation in Paktia, and Wolesi Jirga members from Badghis Province were positive about his role during his tenure as governor.
Garber was born in Logan County, Ohio.
Fathipour was born in Kaleybar, East Azerbaijan.
Russell was elected to the Mississippi House of Representatives in 1907 and to the Mississippi State Senate in 1909.
In 1994 Akintonde renamed the Ogun State College of Education to the Tai Solarin College of Education in honor of the late doctor Tai Solarin.
James Orman moved to Pueblo, Colorado in 1874, and soon entered politics.
He also earned a MBA from the same school in 1965.
Eventually, he became commanding officer of the Guam flagship, and soon after, governor.
In 1974 Washington was elected as the first mayor of the District of Columbia, serving from 1975 to 1979.
A member of Social and Democratic Power Fernández was Prefect of the northern Bolivian department of Pando from 2006 to 2008.
Delia Norma Pinchetti de Sierra Morales is an Argentine politician and a former member of the Republican Force Tucumán.
He enlisted in an Iowa regiment, but since he was underage, he was discharged.
In 2013, she won the Ramon Magsaysay Award.
Imam Sahib is situated on the border with Tajikistan.
Ezra A. Burrell was a Republican politician from Idaho.
A native of Ōe, Yamagata, she worked at a help-wanted advertising company before becoming a notary public for the city government of Yamagata.
He graduated from the Colegio Militar military academy in 1947 and joined the Institutional Revolutionary Party in 1950.
His term also saw the US declare war on the Republic of Mexico.
He received 147,482 votes on a ticket with William Daniel.
Merriam defeated the Alliance candidate in 1890, but the upstart party significantly eroded his plurality.
His eloquent defense concluded with saying that the press has "a liberty both of exposing and opposing tyrannical power by speaking and writing truth."
Not to be confused with Newton's Cannon or Newton's cannonball.
Adelbert Ames was an American sailor, soldier, and politician.
He initially gained fame and influence as a wealthy merchant.
He served as a highly respected Union officer, reaching the ranks of Lieutenant, Captain, Major, and eventually was appointed as Brevet Major.
He served as the Governor of Paktia province from 2006 to 2007.
In April 2009, protests erupted over Governor Majid's alleged abuse of power, and he was removed from his post.
He had previously served as the sheriff of Duval County, Florida, and in the Florida House of Representatives.
In 1997, Taylor helped raise money for the reconstruction of Montserrat following the eruption of the Soufrière Hills volcano which left most of the island uninhabitable.
After the return to democracy in 1999, Ogar was required to retire, as were all other former military administrators.
He then made his way north overland, and was received in Portsmouth with pomp and ceremony on June 13, 1767.
He unsuccessfully ran for governor in 1939 but was elected in 1943.
Ossian Bingley Hart was the tenth Governor of the U.S. state of Florida, and the first governor of Florida who was born in the state.
He is currently head of Imam Khomeini Relief Foundation.
He handed over to the elected civilian governor Jolly Nyame in January 1992 at the start of the Nigerian Third Republic.
Blanchard attended the public schools in Ferndale, Michigan.
His administration of Quebec was at times harsh, with the detention of numerous political dissidents and agitators.
Murphy successfully ran as a Republican for Cambria County District Attorney in 1892, despite the overwhelming Democratic majority in terms of party registration.
He was administrator of Ekiti State from October 8, 2006 until April 27, 2007.
He also worked in commercial real estate.
He died on April 13, 2001 in San Marino, California.
He is described as a "portly man of military demeanour" and as "a gentleman and gallant soldier".
Turning to public service, he was elected state's attorney of Kankakee County in 1936.
Olubukola Abubakar "Bukola" Saraki is a Nigerian politician who has been President of the Senate of Nigeria since 2015.
Vernon Huber was a United States Navy Rear admiral, and the 36th Governor of American Samoa from April 22, 1947 to June 15, 1949.
He served as lieutenant governor of the province from 1692 until his death in 1701, acting as governor for about six years.
Daniel Russell Brown was an American politician and the 43rd Governor of Rhode Island.
Chamberlain's men withheld repeated assaults from the 15th Regiment Alabama Infantry and finally drove the Confederates away with a bayonet charge.
He is a member of the 2000 and present Islamic Consultative Assembly from the electorate of Germi.
He was the 34th Governor of Maine in 1874 and a delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1876 and 1880.
In his inaugural speech, Johnson called for moving the state capital from New Orleans to Baton Rouge and stressed the importance of public schools.
He was the only Royal Governor of the Thirteen Colonies to regain control of his colony during the American Revolutionary War.
Usman Faruk was awarded Commander of the Order of the Niger by the Olusegun Obasanjo administration in September 2006.
He instituted the Oklahoma State Board of Affairs, which provided central purchasing services to state agencies.
Affiliated with the PP, she was the governor of the state of Rio Grande do Norte.
William Preston Graves, is a former American politician who was the 43rd Governor of Kansas from 1995 until 2003.
When Ulysses S. Grant became President he nominated Cox Secretary of Interior and Cox immediately accepted.
Harrison served as Virginia's fifth governor from 1781 to 1784.
During Perkins' term as governor, former Civil War general John Mansfield served as his lieutenant governor.
He became Chief Justice in 1982, a position he held until his retirement in 1988.
In addition, his two executive officers sympathized with the Mau, leading his first to file a complaint with the Secretary of the Navy.
Mohammed Sani Sami was born in Zuru in Kebbi State.
Samuel Emerson Smith was an American politician from Maine.
He was Governor of New Mexico Territory from 1869 to 1871.
He was an avid proponent of the notion of soul-liberty that was included in the Rhode Island charter—and later in the United States Constitution.
He may well have become a Puritan in his university years.
"In twenty years under Dr. Buchtel's guidance, $1,750,000 was raised on his personal appeal for its development and it stands today backed by 20,000 subscribers .
He began his practice in Springfield and served as Abraham Lincoln's personal physician.
Henry Frederick Schricker was the 36th and 38th Governor of the American state of Indiana from 1941 to 1945 and from 1949 to 1953.
Ninian Edwards was a founding political figure of the state of Illinois.
Through his lawyer, Moreira attempted to have his name removed from the list.
Rodrigo Medina de la Cruz is Mexican politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party.
In 1986 he ran for the U.S. House in Maine's First Congressional District and won with 53% of the vote.
He became a lawyer and continued his political activities.
James Henderson "Jim" Duff was an American lawyer and politician.
After the war's end Hubbard returned to Red Wing, where he simultaneously engaged in milling and railroading.
He was the tenth Governor of North Dakota.
In 1860 he was elected governor as a Republican.
He died in Providence in 1785 at the age of 78, and is buried in the North Burial Ground there.
Little was done to realize this plan by his successors.
Because of his cantor and honest disposition, Meadows became one of the most respected politicians in the state.
He was defeated in a bid for reelection in 1934.
During the Texas secession convention in 1861, he was one of only eight delegates to vote against secession from the United States.
He settled in Jacksonville, where he died on September 26, 1900.
He died in 1933 in Los Angeles, California, and was buried in Ardmore, Oklahoma.
In 1946, he ran for Governor of Vermont and defeated the incumbent in the Republican primary, the only time this has ever occurred in Vermont.
Fidai an independent politician, the youngest among the 34 governors of Afghanistan.
In 2013, the people of East Nusa Tenggara elected him for a second term.
The following year, Governor Johnson did not run for reelection.
Railroad mileage increased across West Texas, and the frontier became more secure.
Lutfullah Mashal is a politician in Afghanistan who last served as spokesman for the National Directorate of Security.
McCarthy believed Republicans were promoting immigration of Oriental laborers to manipulate Hawaii’s demographics to their advantage and served their own business interests, McCarthy was ardently anti-Asian.
In his youth, Owen was the first premier of the British Columbia Older Boys' Parliament, which later became the British Columbia Youth Parliament.
Hammond was born in Troy, New York and served as a Marine Corps fighter pilot in World War II with the Black Sheep Squadron.
He was released on bail a month later and his travel documents were returned so he could travel to the United Kingdom for medical treatment.
Ayatollah Seyed Esmaeil Mousavi Zanjani is an Iranian Shiite cleric and politician.
William Tailer was a military officer and politician in the Province of Massachusetts Bay.
The same year Frémont was a presidential candidate for the Radical Democracy Party, but he resigned before the election.
Katherine Fernandez Rundle is the current State Attorney for Miami-Dade County in Florida.
William Nelson Runyon was an American politician from the Republican Party who served as Acting Governor of New Jersey from 1919 to 1920.
He later graduated from the University of South Carolina and the University of South Carolina School of Law.
He is a member of the 9th Islamic Consultative Assembly from the electorate of Bonab.
Umaru Tafidan Argungu was elected Senator for Kebbi North constituency of Kebbi State, Nigeria, taking office on 29 May 2007.
John Cummins Edwards was a Democratic politician from the state of Missouri.
Moreno Valle is the grandson of Rafael Moreno Valle, a doctor and politician who also served as the Governor of Puebla from 1969 to 1972.
He supervised a complex system of civil defense and statewide services on the homefront during the war.
David Lloyd Johnston CC CMM COM CD FRSC(hon) FRCPSC(hon) is a Canadian academic, author, statesman and Governor General of Canada, the 28th since Canadian Confederation.
Patrick Noble was the 57th Governor of South Carolina from 1838 until his death in 1840.
In 1873, McGill was appointed insurance commissioner of the state, a position he held for thirteen years.
He inherited problems in Osun State with conflict between the Ife and Modakeke people, which periodically erupted into violence.
Ewang is one of the leaders of the National Democratic Movement.
During his term, he resolved the problem of street ambulantes, street vendors.
In addition, Buchtel Boulevard in Denver was built and named to honor Dr. Buchtel.
In 1868, Florida enacted a new constitution and Reed was elected governor by the people.
Jahanghirzadeh was born in Urmia, West Azerbaijan.
Before he returned to North America he was awarded a Doctorate of Common Law by Oxford University.
He was also the 11th Governor of Hong Kong.
Much later, Mamudu became governor of Gongola State and a Commander of the Nigerian Army Signals Corps.
He is a member of the Abu Alwani clan, part of the Dulaim tribe.
He was the first Italian-American governor of the state, and an active promoter of community colleges.
In 1850, he was elected as a Whig to the United States House of Representatives where he was the youngest member of the Thirty-second Congress.
In recognition of his significant contributions over the years Mr Lucas was awarded the Public Service Medal in 1995 for outstanding public service to local government.
He was also the Commander of the Order of Niger.
She was the daughter of Keʻeaumoku Pāpaʻiahiahi, and her sisters Kaʻahumanu and Kalākua Kaheiheimālie were also Kamehameha's wives.
John William Bricker was a United States Senator and the 54th Governor of Ohio.
A South Carolina native, Crockett moved to Texas in 1847.
A Republican, he was known as a strong supporter of conservative political values.
Robert Francis Withers Allston was the 67th Governor of South Carolina.
After serving in the New Hampshire House of Representatives, he won two terms as Governor.
Elisha Baxter was the tenth Governor of the State of Arkansas.
Upon the completion of his term as governor in 1903, McSweeney returned to Hampton and continued as editor of the Hampton County Guardian.
Robert W. O'Donnell is an American politician who is a former Speaker of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
He was appointed to the office by President Franklin D. Roosevelt.
After his return, Rolvaag became the head of Minnesota's DFL Party.
Samuel Edgerton Lumpkin was a United States politician from Tupelo, Lee County, Mississippi.
Hutchins Gordon Burton was the 22nd Governor of the U.S. state of North Carolina from 1824 to 1827.
After his term ended, Olson worked for the United States Department of Transportation.
However, he is well commended by majority of the people of Ogun State who believe his government was people friendly.
In October 2009, Omehia asked the supreme court to review their opinion.
David Wallace was the sixth Governor of the US state of Indiana.
He began his campaign in a "dark horse" capacity under the cloak of neutrality, which won him support from Senator Shelby Moore Cullom's "federal crowd".
From 1816 to 1818, Richardson was a member of the state House of Representatives for a third and final time.
He was also appointed as Mexico's Ambassador to Ecuador from 1994 to 1998.
He was heavily questioned regarding his involvement in the 1999 bankruptcy of the credit union "UNICRER", where his competence was seriously scrutinized.
He returned to New York City after the British reoccupation.
John Arthur Eaves, Jr. is an American personal injury lawyer and politician.
During his tenure, he had to deal with violent protests over ritual killings.
Rip Van Dam was the acting governor of the Province of New York from 1731 to 1732.
Nicolai Esmit was governor of St. Thomas in the Danish West Indies from 4 July 1680 - November 1682.
Abdul Latif Ibrahimi is the former Governor of the Afghan Provinces Kunduz, Samangan, Faryab and Takhar.
While he was treasurer, his uncle William Wanton was the governor of the colony and his uncle John Wanton was the deputy governor.
David Johnson was the 62nd Governor of South Carolina from 1846 to 1848.
Domingo Cabello y Robles was a Spanish military officer who served as the governor of Nicaragua, Texas and Cuba.
Gunvor Engström, born December 29, 1950 in Betul, India, is Swedish business personality and civil servant.
John Jacob Cornwell was a Democratic politician from Romney in Hampshire County, West Virginia.
He served as the 23rd Governor of North Dakota from 1945 to 1951 and as a U.S. Representative from 1951 to 1953.
Herman Guy Kump was the Democratic Governor of West Virginia from 1933 to 1937.
Arnold Williams, served as the 21st Governor of Idaho from 1945 until 1947.
He has called himself Argentina’s first Jewish governor; but that distinction belongs to Néstor Perl, who was governor of Chubut Province from 1987 to 1990.
In October, 1993 he was posted back to NAF Headquarters Lagos as Director of Armament.
He studied at Gaylord Institute in Platte City and graduated from law school at the University of Missouri in 1896.
In 1783 he was part of the delegation that met with George Washington.
Ulises Ruiz Ortiz is a Mexican politician and former governor of the State of Oaxaca.
Only the galleon that held Admiral Garcia Alvarez de Figueroa and the cosmographer Diego Ramirez de Arellano stayed afloat.
Ezequiel Cabeza De Baca was the first Hispano elected for office as Lieutenant Governor in New Mexico's first election.
He is buried in the King family plot in Johnston near the intersection of US Route 6A and Killingly Street.
He resigned that post in 1975 in order to seek treatment for alcoholism.
Sir Daniel Charles Williams GCMG was a Governor-General of Grenada, from August 8, 1996 until November 27, 2008.
Bisutti was elected a deputy for ARI in the October 2005 elections.
He served in the far north-western frontier of New Spain, in The Californias, participating in several early overland explorations.
Hernández is also the person who has run for governor the most times, a total of five.
Coke Robert Stevenson was the 35th Governor of Texas from 1941 to 1947.
Henry Alexander Wise was an American lawyer and politician from Virginia.
He is noted for having called the first representative legislature in New York, and for granting the province's Charter of Liberties.
He became governor after the death of Governor Winfield Scott Hammond.
Harvey Lowell Wollman was the 26th Governor of South Dakota.
Rivals besmirched his reputation and the British Secretary of State for the Colonies, Lord Bathurst, recalled Brisbane and his colonial secretary Frederick Goulburn.
Jester was the son of George Taylor Jester.
Robert Charles Wickliffe was Lieutenant Governor and the 15th Governor of Louisiana from 1856 to 1860.
In 2013, she was appointed Regional Director of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Region Five.
Born in 1789 in Frankfort, Kentucky, Carlin moved from Kentucky to Madison County, Illinois in 1812.
Born in Bangor, Maine, McKernan attended Dartmouth College and then the University of Maine School of Law.
From May 2007 to October 2010, he served as regional representative of the Mexican Social Security Institute in Baja California Sur.
He was an Ministry of Rural Rehabilitation and Development official for Urban Rainwater Harvesting and the Regional Coordinator for Southern Region of Afghanistan.
Avelín was born in San Juan Province to parents of Lebanese descent.
He attended public school until the age of 15, when he began work with Plauche and Company.
He served as a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives and as the 39th Governor of New Hampshire.
Although he was initially supportive of the royal governors, he opposed British colonial policy and eventually became an influential advocate of independence.
José Gregorio Briceño Torrealba is a Venezuelan politician.
Before his appointment as the head of the NDS in September 2012, Khalid served as the Minister of Tribal and Border Affairs.
He was a contender for the Governorship of Katsina State in 2003.
In 1960, Palacios was elected again as Senator, and as Deputy in 1963.
Hujjat al-IslamAsghar Dirbaz is an Iranian Shiite cleric, author and politician.
Etiebet was born in Ikot Ekpene in Akwa Ibom State, of Annang origins.
William Atchison O'Neill was an American politician and member of the Democratic Party who served as the 84th Governor of Connecticut from 1980 to 1991.
George Whitman Hendee was a Vermont lawyer, banker, and politician who served as President of the Vermont State Senate, Lieutenant Governor, Governor, and a U.S. Representative.
After four years in the Navy, including two years as a legal officer, Earl made his way to Wisconsin in 1965.
He then attended the Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, Nigeria, from where he graduated in 1963 with Bachelor of Science Honors.
Kennedy was in failing health, however, and Boyle took over many of the president's duties.
From 2005 to 2010, Jean was Governor General of Canada, the 27th since Canadian Confederation.
In 1953, Terry escaped a two-car accident, sustaining minor injuries, between Pierre and Fort Pierre that left his car "almost a total wreck".
He was a nephew of Pedro Menéndez de Avilés, who had been appointed adelantado of La Florida by King Philip II.
He ran under a fusion ticket between the Populist and the Democratic Party.
Major General Muhammad Gado Nasko was the military governor of Sokoto State, Nigeria between 1978-1979.
He participated in the Battle of Santiago de Cuba during the Spanish–American War.
A severe rainstorm in September 1994 destroyed 400 school buildings across the state.
Born in Rutledge, Tennessee, he was a civil engineer and participated in the construction of the Panama Canal.
During Suswam's administration, the state witnessed very poor management of public infrastructure, leading to an outright decay and abandon.
Smith's command was attached to George H. Thomas' army outside Nashville.
Next he returned to Vancouver and he joined his family real estate company, Bell-Irving Insurance Agencies, which later merged with A.E.
His book India First is a compilation of several of his articles over the years.
From 1972 until 1974 he was the mayor of the Bristol Bay Borough.
In 1984 he served as Puebla's Secretary of the Interior, and has represented Puebla in both the Chamber of Deputies and the Senate.
During Roméu's tenure as governor, two missions were founded: Mission Santa Cruz and Mission Nuestra Señora de la Soledad.
John C. Elliott was an American politician appointed as the 39th Governor of American Samoa.
Ayatollah Seyed Ali Akbar Ghoreishi is an Iranian Shiite cleric, author and politician.
William Titcomb Cobb was an American politician and the 46th Governor of Maine.
He succeeded Abdul Sattar Murad, who was dismissed after critical comments in Newsweek regarding the central government's ineffectiveness in remote areas of the province.
He worked as executive engineer in the Ministry of Works and Housing of North-Eastern State.
The famous Charter Oak stood on the property.
María Laura Leguizamón is an Argentine Front for Victory politician, a senator for Buenos Aires and formerly a National Deputy.
Congressman and the Governor of South Carolina when the state seceded from the Union in 1860.
O'Donnell is a graduate of Temple University and earned a juris doctor.
He won the election, defeating the incumbent party's candidate by over 370,000 votes.
John Eugene Osborne was an American physician, farmer, banker and Democratic politician.
Freeman-Thomas was born in England and educated at Eton College and then the University of Cambridge before serving for 15 years in the Sussex Artillery.
George Lemuel Woods was an American lawyer, judge, and politician.
Pickering was an active member of St. John's Episcopal Church, serving in a leadership role in its founding as a parish in 1866.
degree from New York Law School in 1902.
He was Chief of staff in the Ministry of Defense under Mohammed Fahim between 2002 and December 2004.
Born in 1934 in Portland, Maine, Brennan lived on Kellogg Street on Munjoy Hill.
His political service included two further Missouri State Constitutional Conventions in 1943 and 1944.
María Alicia Lemme is an Argentine Peronist politician.
Cox resigned as Secretary of Interior having been unable to gain Grant's support over civil service reform.
Stowe helped found the women's suffrage movement in Canada and campaigned for the country's first medical college for women.
As President Pro-Tempore, Gray filled in as Lieutenant Governor upon N. B. Willey's resignation in 1890.
The Legislature adjourned without bringing him to trial, which he construed as tantamount to acquittal.
Prior to his election as governor, he served as mayor of Pagsanjan, Laguna.
Marcus Morton was an American lawyer, jurist, and politician from Taunton, Massachusetts.
He served three terms as the Governor of Wisconsin and helped create the Wisconsin Progressive Party.
In October 2005 he was awarded fellowship of the Kogi State Polytechnic.
After the crash, it was very diminished and finally closed in the 1940s.
Badger served as Associate Justice, Court of Common Pleas, and as High Sheriff of Strafford County, New Hampshire.
Virendra Kataria was the Lieutenant Governor of Puducherry, India.
Leopoldo Fernández Ferreira is a Bolivian politician.
Johnston died in 1965 and is buried in Perry, Oklahoma.
John Selden Roane was an American politician who served as the 4th Governor of Arkansas from 1849 to 1852.
He died in 1905 in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Jan Graham was Utah State Attorney General from 1993 to 2001.
He was recognized by U.S. President Andrew Jackson as Major-General, and was authorized to make treaties with the Indians.
After capturing Hangzhou from the Taiping rebels in 1864, he was enfeoffed as a first class count.
She subsequently founded and worked with the Sauvé Foundation until her death, caused by Hodgkin's lymphoma, on January 26, 1993.
Newton Cannon was an American politician who served as Governor of Tennessee from 1835 to 1839.
After serving in the United States Army during World War II, Aspinall earned his Bachelor of Laws from American University.
Later, he was vindicated by the Mexican Inquisition and held a number of other senior posts in the Spanish imperial administration.
He then joined forces with Benjamin Rush Milam and invaded the Yucatan.
After finishing his term as governor, he worked in the private sector and made an unsuccessful bid for the United States Senate.
He was named again in 2003 and deemed a, "power broker in Central Pennsylvania."
He died on 22 October 2006 in the city of Chihuahua.
Abdul Karim Brahui is a politician in Afghanistan.
His most extensive work was a volume series titled The Political Relations of Iran and Britain in the 19th Century.
Clarence Olafemi was appointed acting Governor of Kogi State, Nigeria in February 2008 after the election of governor Ibrahim Idris was annulled.
He died in London after a brief illness.
He served as the first commanding officer of the USS Livermore upon its launch in 1940.
He served as the sixth Governor of Ohio.
He served one term as governor of the Massachusetts Bay Colony and was the first governor of Connecticut, ultimately serving eight separate terms.
One of the earliest and most outspoken advocates of family planning, Sadikin showed that Muslim groups would support these policies.
During his tenure as governor, he overturned many of the unpopular policies of William Gilmer.
He was educated in public schools, and studied law at the Frederick Tallmadge office in New York and the G.W.
Clyde K. Tingley was an American lawyer and Democratic politician who served as the 11th Governor of the State of New Mexico.
He was one of the architects of the Massachusetts Body of Liberties, a document embodying many sentiments also found in the United States Bill of Rights.
He resigned as Speaker on March 1, 1803, to take the office of Pennsylvania Treasurer, at that time an office elected by the General Assembly.
He had earlier been elected as mayor of Savannah and was appointed as state attorney general.
He was admitted to the bar in 1857 and practiced law for several years before the outbreak of the American Civil War.
Wilson is a member of the Democratic Party.
He spent much of his wealth in supporting these papers.
He has been described by The Economist as being "immensely wealthy."
On March 13, 1941, Wild ordered the construction of an airfield on the main island.
He was a distinguished member of the Generation of 1928 and co-founder of several well-known magazines such as El Ingenioso Hidalgo and Válvula.
William Anderson Pile was a nineteenth-century politician and minister from Missouri, as well as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Sir Andrew Benjamin Cohen KCMG KCVO OBE was Governor of Uganda from 1952 to 1957.
On June 1, 1979, Léger was sworn into the Queen's Privy Council for Canada, giving him the accordant style of The Honourable.
He attended the Nigerian Defence Academy, Kaduna, and had further training in West Germany and the United States of America.
After this, he retired to "Forest Retreat", his estate in Nicholas County, where he died of cholera in 1855.
Garrey Edward Carruthers is an American politician, academic, and former Governor of New Mexico who currently serves as president of New Mexico State University.
His ideas on suburban planning resulted in the construction of Greenbelt, Maryland, with low-cost rents for relief families.
He attended the Mons Officer Cadet School, Aldershot, and was commissioned on July 25, 1963.
Samuel Adams was an American statesman, political philosopher, and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States.
In the gubernatorial elections on August 29, 2004 he won with 40% of the votes.
Francis Williams Sargent was an American politician who served as the 64th Governor of Massachusetts from 1969 to 1975.
Johns became the Senate President in April 1953, a position Markley Johns, his brother, had been elected to.
George Speaker Mickelson was an American politician from the U.S. state of South Dakota.
His successor Dr. Samuel Ortom said the Suswam-led government mismanaged state treasury, leaving an empty coffers with a whooping N90 billion naira debt profile.
Martínez Villicaña served as Governor of Michoacán from February 15, 1986, until December 3, 1988.
In 1846 he moved to Key West where he resumed his law practice.
Air Marshal Sir Colin Thomas Hannah, KCMG, KCVO, KBE, CB was a senior commander in the Royal Australian Air Force and a Governor of Queensland.
His wife, Ida remained in Wichita while he was in the capitol and his daughter, Jesse, acted as his official hostess.
In 1989 he established the Anambra State Oil Palm Development Agency.
There is a college named after him called the Hiram G. Andrews Center in Johnstown.[1].
Ali Malakouti is an Iranian Shiite cleric and politician.
Head died on February 2, 2011, from natural causes at his home in Minneapolis.
He also attempted to assemble a bull-mounted Guam Cavalry, but the initiative failed.
He was also the third Jew ever elected governor of any state, after Washington Bartlett of California and Moses Alexander of Idaho.
León Aillaud Barreiro was an Interim Governor of the Mexican State of Veracruz in the period from June 22, 1911, to December 12, 1911.
He liked to be in the thick of the action—Winston Churchill called him "the Salamander" due to his ability to pass through fire unharmed.
Schreyer was born and educated in Manitoba prior to being elected in 1958 to the province's legislative assembly.
Hannett came to Gallup, New Mexico in 1911, where he began to practice law.
He defended the rights of the Pueblo Indians, clashed with the Franciscan missionaries, and was tried and found guilty of heresy by the Mexican Inquisition.
Prior to the passage of this bill, Alaska was spread over four time zones.
He was Attorney General of California during the Civil War, and the 49th Governor of Vermont from 1902 to 1904.
Clarence Joseph Morley was the 24th Governor of Colorado from 1925 to 1927, serving one two-year term.
John Tyler Sr. was a Virginia planter, judge, 15th Governor of Virginia and the father of the tenth President of the United States, John Tyler.
Kris Cox was the running mate of Maryland Governor Robert L. Ehrlich in the Maryland 2006 gubernatorial election.
David Tod was a politician and industrialist from the U.S. state of Ohio.
Namazi won his membership with 360,952 votes.
Oleg Anatolyevich Chirkunov b. November 15, 1958 in Kirovsk, Murmansk Oblast, Russia is the former governor of Perm Krai.
He was governor of New Jersey from 1929 through 1932.
During this time there was a total of five presidents in Indonesia.
During his tenure, the Washington State economy suffered due to the early 1980s recession.
In 1983 Pérez Vivas was elected a deputy of the Asamblea Legislativa of Táchira State, a kind of state legislature.
He was a delegate to the Continental Congress from 1778 to 1781 where he endorsed the Articles of Confederation on behalf of South Carolina.
While in prison, Fernández was a candidate for Vice President with the Plan Progress for Bolivia – National Convergence alliance.
His achievements while governor of Ogun State included building the legislative quarters and the road network in Abeokuta, the state capital.
Penn lived in Philadelphia for five years after the Revolution, from 1783 to 1788, building a country house just outside the city.
He was elected the lieutenant governor in November 1946 and took office in January 1947.
William Charles Cole Claiborne was a United States politician, best known as the first non-colonial Governor of Louisiana.
In 2007 He contested the Gubernatorial Primaries Election under PDP in Enugu State.
He also distinguished himself in the battle of Mühlberg, where the army of Emperor Charles defeated the German Protestant princes.
Willian Rainey Marshall was an American politician.
Following his resignation he retired from public service.
The Jukun had generally voted for the Nigerian Peoples Party.
He also served as one of the first members of the Kansas Legislature.
Alami studied economics and law and hold a M.A.
In April 2010, he was being considered a possible candidate for governor in the April 2011 elections.
During the American Revolution he remained a Loyalist.
In 1954 he ran successfully for the office of lieutenant governor.
In 1922 Murphy and two partners organized the J.F.
He was buried in the garden of his home in Chapel Hill, but was later reinterred in the Historic Oakwood Cemetery in Raleigh, N.C.
He is the son of Héctor N. Acevedo and Toñita, both public servants.
He was subsequently appointed as Irish High Commissioner to the Court of St. James's, meaning the United Kingdom.
Oni replaced Navy Commander Okoh Ebitu Ukiwe.
His administration successfully prevented French incursions into the middle colonies.
Spannaus joined the Minneapolis-based law firm of Dorsey & Whitney and is now retired.
Othniel Looker was a Democratic-Republican politician from Ohio.
He served in the U.S. Medical Corps 1917-1919, leaving the service a lieutenant-colonel with decorations from both Britain and France.
Rawlins Lowndes was an American lawyer and politician, and president/governor of South Carolina.
Erastus Fairbanks was an American manufacturer, Whig politician, a founder of the Republican Party, and the 21st and 26th Governor of Vermont.
Ireland is credited with the selection of local pink granite as the construction material.
His vice governor was Pedro Luca Luja.
He has remained general secretary and subsequently President of the Indian National Congress in Punjab.
Although populist themes were in the forefront, Jones also dealt with other concerns as governor.
Francis Moore Dimond was an American politician and the 23rd Governor of Rhode Island.
On August 12, 1819, Burton was elected to the United States House of Representatives for the term 1819–1821.
He was also a Sargento mayor of the presidio of San Agustín, and alcayde of the San Salvador de la Punta Fortress in Havana, Cuba.
Paul Dillingham, Jr. was an American lawyer and politician.
In the 2010 election his share of the vote was 2.7%.
He was the 26th Governor of New York from 1877 to 1879.
General Ishaya Bakut was Military Governor of Benue State in Nigeria from September 1986 to December 1987 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida.
Manuel Velasco Coello is a Mexican politician and a member of PVEM.
Collectively they were four Colonels, one General, one Lt.
He was the founding president of the Massachusetts Historical Society, and held membership in a variety of other charitable organizations.
Wilson Shannon was a Democratic politician from Ohio and Kansas.
Following the Civil War, Lewelling graduated from Whittier College in 1868 and became a teacher at the college in Salem, Iowa.
from the University of Minnesota Law School in 1968 and was admitted to the Michigan bar in the same year.
Kennon failed to win a second non-consecutive term in the 1963 Democratic primary election, having lost a runoff berth, with the position going to John McKeithen.
His last overseas post was as Ambassador to the Dominican Republic under the rule of Rafael Trujillo.
In March 2005 he urged financial institutions to provide special services to assist small-scale businesses.
In December 2012 he became Governor of Kaduna State after the death of Patrick Ibrahim Yakowa in a helicopter crash.
Roberts eventually returned to Gilmer, Texas, where he opened a law school in 1868.
Chinwoke Mbadinuju was Governor of Anambra State in Nigeria from 29 May 1999 to 29 May 2003, elected on the People's Democratic Party platform.
Charles Poletti was an American lawyer and politician.
He served the shortest term of any Governor of Oklahoma, being the first Governor in the state’s history to be removed from office.
He was sworn into office as Governor of Mendoza on May 1, 1958, when he was 36 years old, and served until 1961.
He served until 1831, but did not seek re-election that year.
He was previously a member of the All Progressives Congress.
Abdulkadir Kure was a Nigerian politician who served as Governor of Niger State in Nigeria from 29 May 1999 to 29 May 2007.
Juan Antonio Garretón was a Spanish army officer who served as Royal Governor of Chiloé from 1761 to 1765.
Zapata died due to cancer on 15 December 2014.
Spessard Lindsey Holland was an American lawyer and politician.
A native of Massachusetts, he grew up there and in Central Oregon before attending the University of Oregon.
older brother's, Noraladin was former MP of the Ardabil constituency.
Marshall and his regiment were transferred to Andrew Jackson Smith's command in Missouri and took part in the pursuit of Sterling Price.
He previously served as the 13th Vice-Chancellor of the Jamia Millia Islamia, from 2009 to 2013.
Nathaniel Mervin Haskell was a Maine Republican politician.
A native of California, Benson also served as educator, a land office clerk, and was twice elected as Oregon Secretary of State.
He grew up in a political family and his father Roy Blunt served in a variety of political offices.
Jesús Emilio Martínez Álvarez is a Mexican politician affiliated with the Citizens' Movement.
Trapp served as the first state auditor and third lieutenant governor of Oklahoma.
Dingley had been reelected to the 56th Congress and was succeeded by Charles E. Littlefield upon his death in Washington, D.C. on January 13, 1899.
In 1976, he went back to Africa where he became chief executive of Booker in Malawi and later Zambia.
Federal troops restored order for a time, but in January 1875 the Democrats started meeting separately as a legislature at the Odd Fellows Hall.
Ramón Bautista Mestre, an Argentine politician, was Governor of Córdoba from July 12, 1995 to July 12, 1999.
Archibong is survived by his wife, six children and 12 grand children.
Prior to this, he served as the Attorney General of Montana from 1957 to 1969.
Hamock, the only African-American undertaker in town.
In 1813, he graduated from South Carolina College, where he had been president of the Clariosophic Society.
He was the first person designated "Governor of American Samoa", rather than the previous "Governor of Tutuila".
Following Henry S. Johnston’s impeachment and removal from office, Holloway became the eighth governor of Oklahoma.
Pope was an unpopular figure in Kentucky and, after his appointment, some in the General Assembly began to call for a special election to replace Slaughter.
He was only able to briefly attend school during a few winters.
McGill was appointed postmaster of St. Paul while concurrently serving as senator.
Lieutenant General Sir Andrew Clarke, GCMG CB CIE was a British soldier and governor, as well as a surveyor and politician in Australia.
His wife, Benedicta Tinuade Ikpeme, died aged 73 in March 2009.
He served as the Governor of Coahuila from December 1, 1981, to November 1, 1987.
He worked as a railroad conductor and insurance agent before being elected to the State Senate as a Democrat in 1947.
Sarobi has been instrumental in promoting women's rights and representation and environment issues.
A member of the Democratic Party, he served as a United States Senator from Rhode Island from 1950 to 1976.
Talbot ran a major textile business, involving chemical dyeworks and the weaving of fabric, in Billerica that was a major local employer.
Justo Pastor Páez Molina was an Argentine politician.
He served as Attorney General from 1810 until his resignation in 1816.
Ada Rosa del Valle Itúrrez de Cappellini is an Argentine Justicialist Party politician.
He then took a turn at farming.
Nunes graduated from the Academia Militar das Agulhas Negras in Rio de Janeiro and the Federal University of Pará.
Gartin was an attorney; he practiced law with Republican Charles W.
LaFortune was mayor of Tulsa, Oklahoma from 1970 to 1978.
Seguín assisted Stephen F. Austin in choosing land for the first colony of American settlers to immigrate to Texas.
He served as governor for a period of only ten days from July 30, 1940 to August 8, 1940.
His main focus as governor was public health.
In 1794, he and his wife retired to Red Hill Plantation, comprising 520 acres in Charlotte County, which was also a functioning tobacco plantation.
Toranozo Fernandez attended Instituto Carlos Gómez for elementary school.
In 1993 Leguizamón was elected to the Argentine Chamber of Deputies, serving until 1997.
Ahmed Muhammad Daku was born in Katsina.
Simeon Olasukanmi Oduoye was a Nigerian police officer and administrator of Niger State and Ebonyi State.
He was principal staff officer to the Chief of General Staff when he died on 11 March 1990 in a car accident on the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway.
In railroads he served as a laborer, chief engineer, speculator and executive all over the South.
From 2009 to 2012 he served as Deputy of the LXI Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing the State of Mexico.
William Moultrie was a planter and politician who became a general from South Carolina in the American Revolutionary War.
He has announced his intention to run for President in 2019.
In 2005, President Olusegun Obasanjo appointed him as the chairman governing council of the Federal Polytechnic, Mubi
Swift County, Minnesota was named after him in 1870.
His term in office coincided with the American Civil War.
The following year, the Kentucky Court of Appeals upheld Clark's ruling.
He was the son of William Lewelling, an abolitionist and Quaker minister who died soon after making an empassioned speech in Indiana.
In 1826, he was elected a member of the Illinois House of Representatives for the first time, serving until 1830.
He served as the ninth Governor of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, a Commonwealth of the United States, from 2005 to 2009.
Temi Ejoor was born in Ughelli in Delta State.
Magoffin agreed to resign the governorship, provided he could select his successor.
The governor, however, refused to resign, leading the Lords of Trade to consider his recall.
Marcos Covarrubias Villaseñor was a deputy in the Chamber of Deputies of Mexico prior to being elected Governor in 2011.
In 1856, he moved to Tampa, Florida.
His tenure as Governor of North Sulawesi was abruptly terminated after only 16 months in office.
George Hartshorn Hodges was an American politician and the 19th Governor of Kansas.
James Fielding Hinkle was an American politician and the sixth Governor of New Mexico.
Alexander Cameron Hunt was born in New York, New York on January 12, 1825.
Shortly after he left office the state was split into Niger State and Sokoto State.
Leandro Rovirosa Wade was a Mexican politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party who served as Governor of Tabasco during the 1977–82 period.
Bell-Irving met his wife, Nancy, while attending UBC and was married in April 1937.
Cunningham served in the Alabama House of Representatives 1880-1881.
After his departure from Goldman Sachs, he earned what has been estimated to be $400 million during the 1999 initial public offering of the company.
Reyniersz was born in Amsterdam in 1604.
David Brydie Mitchell was an American politician in Georgia who was elected in 1809 as governor of the state, serving two terms.
He taught school during his young years and studied law in Maryville, Tennessee; then moved to Alabama in 1819 where he continued his studies.
Rhodes is tied for the fourth longest gubernatorial tenure in post-Constitutional U.S. history at 5,840 days.
Rafael Rodríguez Barrera was a Mexican politician, lawyer and ambassador.
Ichabod Goodwin was the 27th governor of the state of New Hampshire from 1859 to 1861.
During his term as Acting Governor, Johns promoted highway construction, eliminating tolls on the Overseas Highway between Miami and Key West.
In 1968 he created the Kwara State Ministry of Education, with a department to handle Scholarship/Bursary matters.
A native New Mexican, Doug owns and operates DW Turner, a public relations firm in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Benjamin Tasker Sr. was the 21st Proprietary Governor of Maryland from 1752 to 1753.
A member of the Democratic Party he served as the 53rd Governor of Missouri from 2001 to 2005.
José Guadalupe Cervantes Corona was a Mexican politician and academic.
In 1997, he was one of the owners of Bailey Bridges Nigeria, which was proposing to operate a pontoon ferry across the Kwale River.
Roberto Mamangon Pagdanganan is a Filipino politician.
Despite 12 years in the Florida Legislature, Chiles was relatively unknown when he decided to bid for United States Senate in 1970.
Haghighatpour was born in Tehran to parents from Ardabil.
The battle was short and surrender was secured after the firing of just one artillery round at the governor's residence.
Swain died on August 11, 1868 after being injured in a bizarre buggy accident.
Thomas Carlin was the seventh Governor of Illinois, serving from 1838 to 1842.
He was the ninth Governor of Colorado from 1895 to 1897.
During this same time an oyster crisis in New England caused the oyster industry in Maryland's Chesapeake Bay to surge.
In 2009 he fled to Peru after being charged with corruption allegedly committed while Governor.
García Hurtado de Mendoza y Manrique, 5th Marquis of Cañete was a Spanish soldier, governor of Chile, and later viceroy of Peru.
He also served as Deputy of the LVIII and LIX Legislatures of the Mexican Congress representing Nuevo León.
He was the 53rd Governor of Ohio.
As of January 2014, Hassani had two living wives and came instead Mehdi Ghoreyshi.
of the Newark firm McCarter and English, was appointed Receiver for Bergrin's law practice.
He served as a U.S. Representative from 1971 to 1973 and as the 27th Governor of North Dakota from 1973 to 1981.
On December 20, 1866, Jones married Georgene Caroline Bird of Montgomery.
Willis Joshua Bailey was a Republican United States Representative from Kansas and the 16th Governor of Kansas.
Between 1996 and 2000, Closs headed the Radical Youth movement and in 2002 he was elected president of the Misiones national committee of the UCR.
The Party of the Democratic Revolution had held the state's governorship since 1999 at the time.
From 1991 to 1994, he held a seat in the Chamber of Deputies, representing Quintana Roo's First District.
Rafael Eduardo Isea Romero is a Venezuelan politician, and Governor of Aragua State from 2008 to 2012.
Fred Herbert Brown was an American lawyer and Democratic politician from Somersworth, New Hampshire.
He suffered a stroke in 1771 and died in 1779, leaving a large family.
his son Mehdi Ghoreishi is representative of the Supreme Leader in West Azerbaijan and Imam Jumu'ah Friday prayer of Urmia.
Frank served New Hampshire in the state's Senate and as governor.
Juan Galo Lavalle was an Argentine military and political figure.
He was not nominated a second time.
His solution; use government policy to push African Americans in the bay and replace them with, "White Labor, at reasonable rates wherever needed."
The Sam Mbakwe International Cargo Airport, which is located in Owerri, the state capital, was renamed after him.
John Gilbert Winant OM was an American politician with the Republican party after a brief career as a teacher in Concord, New Hampshire.
However, he sold the house in the late 1930s as he largely lived in Britain.
Lawrence is buried at Ye Olde Yellow Meeting House in Imlaystown, New Jersey.
George served as the Governor and Commander-in-Chief of Anguilla from July 2006 to March 2009.
He served for a period as the royal governor of the Province of Georgia from 1754-1757.
He was the last mayor of Washington to be appointed by the President.
Downey was also the first man from Southern California to be elected as governor.
During the 2006 campaign Whitney received endorsements from several newspapers, including the Rockford Register Star, Southwest News-Herald, and State School News Service.
Joseph McMinn was an American politician who served as Governor of Tennessee from 1815 to 1821.
He was the last British person to be governor of either state.
Willis Arnold Gorman was an American lawyer, soldier, politician, and a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
The Republican politician was in office when the legislature adopted the "Oregon System", Oregon's system of initiative and referendum.
Group Captain Usman Jibrin was a Military Governor of North Central State from July 1975 to 1977 during the military regime of General Murtala Mohammed.
He led operations in the Balkh area.
He had previously been chief of police for Paris.
They were poor, and brought up their children to habits of manual industry.
Johnson's campaign was buoyed by outgoing Governor Ross Barnett and Democratic state chairman Bidwell Adam.
He was last reported as a commandeur of Veere in 1695.
Richard Dickerson Gholson was the 3rd Territorial Governor of Washington.
He was the PSUV candidate for the Venezuelan regional elections, 2008, and won comfortably.
Due to his advanced age Cotton Mather referred to him as the "Nestor of New England".
In 1986, was elected Governor of Chihuahua defeating Francisco Barrio National Action Party in a controversial gubernatorial election allegedly marred by voting irregularities..
With his partners in the St. Peter Land Company, he campaigned, unsuccessfully, to relocate the state capital in their burgeoning Minnesota River town.
McDonald entered politics as mayor of Leadville, a position he held from 1899 to 1905.
He is an influential figure in Kogi State politics.
Bennett served as Acting Governor of New Jersey for four days in January 2002.
Cushman Kellogg Davis was an American Republican politician who served as the seventh Governor of Minnesota and as a U.S.
He has held various positions both in public administration as well as in the private sector.
He became Commander of the Fleet Maintenance Corps before his retirement in June 1999.
He was appointed to the US Senate by Governor Caleb Strong in 1813, where he led opposition to the War of 1812.
He returned to England in 1658, the year of Oliver Cromwell's death.
He was a state senator from 1973 to 1983.
He constructed Hertford Castle in England and stood for election to the British Parliament.
A proponent of education, he bequeathed funds for the establishment of a preparatory school in Massachusetts, and donated his Byfield estate for its use.
Arthur Capper was an American politician from Kansas.
Mohammad Bagheri is an Iranian Shiite cleric and politician.
Elisha Peyre Ferry was the first Governor of the U.S. State of Washington.
José Eduardo Robinson Bours Castelo is a Mexican businessman who served as Governor of Sonora under the Institutional Revolutionary Party, PRI.
She was nominated as a candidate for President on the Proyecto Sur ticket for the 2011 general elections.
Garrard County, Kentucky, created during his first term, was named in his honor.
Previously, he served as advisor to President Hamid Karzai on tribal affairs.
Elected as a Democrat, he was unopposed in the primary and won the governorship without ever making a single public campaign speech.
He served as the Governor of Morelos for a full six-year term from 1988 until 1994.
Dassonville was awarded the French National Order of Merit.
Harvey County, Kansas was named for him.
He is close to fellow Hezb-e-Islami member Juma Khan Hamdard.
During a temporary return to democracy, he handed over to Chukwuemeka Ezeife, the elected executive governor, on 2 January 1992.
“Private Joe” Fifer was born at Staunton, Virginia on October 28, 1840.
His father, a great fan of Walt Disney, Henry Etim Duke is the second indigenous and longest ever serving Comptroller Generalof the Nigeria Customs service.
He was elected attorney general in 1970 and assumed office on January 4, 1971.
In 1728 Shute was replaced by William Burnet, whose 1 1/2 years in office were consumed by a vitriolic fight over his salary.
Paul Johnson's campaign staff charged that during the 1960 presidential campaign Coleman had allowed U.S.
After George Leland Dyer became governor, Stone became a judge on the Supreme Court of Guam before returning to the mainland.
Brooks died in 1944 in Casper, Wyoming, and is interred in Highland Cemetery.
He was elected to the United States Senate in 1972 and served one term.
Charles Herbert Allen was an American politician and businessman.
Born in rural Bowen, Mendoza Province, Zamora's family moved to Santiago del Estero in 1968.
Both of these interpretations have been challenged by some modern scholars, who argue that these traditional depictions of Adams are myths contradicted by the historical record.
Young Burton went on to practice law, serve in the North Carolina General Assembly, and be elected by that body as North Carolina Attorney General.
He was the first American governor ever successfully recalled from office.
The measure did not pass, but Slaughter was never able to shed the title of "acting governor."
He is a former federal deputy and former governor of Nuevo León He is also married to Cristina Maiz
Charles Malcolm Wilson was the 50th Governor of New York from December 18, 1973 to December 31, 1974.
William Wallace Thayer, was an American Democratic politician active in U.S. states of Idaho and Oregon.
He was the third longest-serving senator in California history, after Hiram Johnson and Alan Cranston, serving 22 years.
Metcalfe County, Kentucky was named in his honor.
Emory Washburn was a United States lawyer, politician, and historian.
Hugh J. Gallen was an American automobile dealer and Democratic politician from Littleton, New Hampshire.
James Edward Ferguson Jr., known as Pa Ferguson, was an American Democratic politician and the 26th Governor of Texas, in office from 1915 to 1917.
Louis Benjamin Hanna was the 11th Governor of North Dakota.
After leaving office on January 4, 1955, he returned to the Florida Senate, serving until 1966.
He became the bank's first vice president and served as a director.
He briefly returned to private practice in Louisiana at that time, where he was appointed Attorney General of Louisiana from 1819 to 1820.
Fakhraddin Mousavi Naneh Karani is an Iranian judge and politician.
After Mexico achieved independence from Spain, Seguín was named the sole representative from Texas to the constitutional convention.
He occupied the post until his death in 1940.
John Whitnah Leedy was the 14th Governor of Kansas.
He aligned with the state's industrial leaders against public health advocates, and banned discrimination in the issuance of life insurance policies.
His legislation in Texas was widely criticized.
He became a member of the Niger Delta Committee, tasked with solving the endemic violence in the oil-producing region, in September 2008.
The colonels who managed the coup included Abdullahi Mohammed, Shehu Musa Yar'Adua, Joseph Nanven Garba, Ibrahim Badamosi Babangida and Muhammadu Buhari as well as Ochefu.
He is a member of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party.
As Sokoto Governor in 1999, Rufai Garba approved a settlement of Dasuki's entitlements and provided him with a welfare package.
On April 13, 1882, he married Martha Alice Brinson in Mills County, Iowa.
Appointed State Attorney General in 1975, Brennan ran for governor again in 1978, winning the primary and general elections.
Thomas Fountain Terrell was a Democratic politician from Idaho.
Born in 1860 in Macon County, North Carolina, he is perhaps best remembered for ordering National Guard troops into Ludlow, Colorado during the Ludlow Massacre.
Hickey was an unsuccessful candidate in 1962 for election to the vacancy and resumed the practice of law.
Upon his death, the bachelor governor left a large portion of his estate to local orphans.
He retired from the army in 1998, and after the return to democracy in May 1999 with the Nigerian Fourth Republic entered into politics.
He died in 1886 in San Francisco, California and was interred in the Sacramento Historic City Cemetery in Sacramento, California.
In 1906, he was valedictorian when he graduated with a BA from Loyola College, one of Concordia University's founding institutions.
As the 25th Governor of Ohio, Tod gained recognition for his forceful and energetic leadership during the American Civil War.
Dr. Habiba Sarobi is a hematologist, politician, and reformer of the post-Taliban reconstruction of Afghanistan.
He served on a commission that resolved claims emanating from the Yazoo land scandal in Georgia, and advised Jefferson on matters related to the Louisiana Purchase.
Shiri Aliabad was born in Hashtrud, East Azerbaijan.
During that year, he also made a tour of Europe with his wife and introduced the noted Mormon Prophet, Joseph Smith to President Martin Van Buren.
Four years later, he suffered another stroke and, within a few days, died at his home in Denver on Wednesday, October 22, 1924.
Gabriel Cano de Aponte was a Spanish soldier who served as Royal Governor of Chile from 1717 to 1733.
He would serve there the rest of his life, as he died at a session in New York City.
Alberto Maynez was a lieutenant colonel who served as Governor of Santa Fe de Nuevo Mexico between 1807 and 1808 and between 1814 and 1816.
Colonel Bzigu Lassa Afakirya was the Military Administrator of Kogi State, Nigeria from August 1996 to August 1998 during the military regime of General Sani Abacha.
Melgares was, like most of the officials of the Spanish crown in his time, a member of the Spanish upper class.
Gul Agha Sherzai, also known as Mohammad Shafiq, is a politician in Afghanistan.
Lemuel Pratt Grant was an American engineer and businessman.
Burton died in 1836 while visiting relatives in Iredell County, North Carolina and is buried at Unity Presbyterian Church in Lincoln County, North Carolina.
He was associate professor at Tokyo University of Agriculture.
In 1900 the redoubtable railroad magnate James J. Hill urged Clough to establish a lumber operation near Puget Sound.
Haskell was sworn in as Governor to fill the five-day period until the inauguration of Clinton Clauson.
In the same year he moved to California, where he temporarily engaged in the wholesale grocery business at Sacramento.
According to American officials, relations between the coalition and Jamaluddin Badar broke down over allegations of corruption and months of unpaid police salaries.
Charles Calvin Moore was the 13th Governor of Idaho, serving from 1923 until 1927.
Melitón Pérez del Camino was a squad leader of the Royal Spanish Navy.
He was the second governor of the British mandate of Tanganyika, and later the governor of Nigeria.
As governor, he established a strong charter for the former Bank of American Samoa and reworked Samoan fiscal law.
Elected to the Kansas State Legislature in 1862, he served for 14 of the next 18 years and was Speaker pro tempore in 1876.
This conflict of opinions came to a head in the Kentucky gubernatorial election of 1899.
Mohammad Feyzi is an Iranian politician and academic.
Mohammad Mojtahed Shabestari is an Iranian philosopher, theologian, hermeneutist and former professor at University of Tehran.
Colonel, three Majors, and one Judge and US Senator.
Milne commanded a number of ships, but his last one was the battleship USS Arizona.
He is a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party.
From 1878 to 1891, he served as Texas State Treasurer.
He was a member of the ruling People's Democratic Party.
He is a member of the 9th Islamic Consultative Assembly from the electorate of Kowsar and Khalkhal.
Smith was elected to the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1944 and served through 1956.
He then moved to Pakistan and received a degree in economics from the International Islamic University.
From 1971 until 1979 he served in various technical roles at the health department of the province.
Born Spencer Bennett, he was adopted by Massachusetts Governor Sir William Phips, whose name he legally took.
Then he moved on to be President of the University of Wyoming from 1922 to 1941.
He served in the Florida Territorial Legislature and the Florida State House of Representatives.
He became a merchant in Boston and served as both Deputy to the General Court and selectman.
He served in the North Carolina General Assembly for several sessions and was the first governor inaugurated in the new State Capitol.
He is also Chairman of Distance Education Council of India  Aslam has spent about 21 years as professor at Indira Gandhi National Open University.
In 1844, President John Tyler appointed him Florida's territorial governor until the 1845 election of a governor under the state constitution.
He was to be buried at his Felele residence according to Islamic rites.
By the end of the war his politics had moderated, and he came to support Andrew Johnson's Reconstruction agenda.
He is a member of the People's Democratic Party.
He sided with the westernizers in the Kazakh political scene who were promoting the idea of the Western culture into the Kazakh steppe.
He helped to build the state capitol building that he would later occupy as governor.
Xicoténcatl Leyva Mortera is a Mexican politician, member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party, who was Governor of Baja California.
He was elected to the state legislature, and to Governor Winant's Executive Council.
In December 1853 he was reburied in the Butler Family Cemetery, in the graveyard of what is now Butler Methodist Church in Saluda County.
He was the co-founder of the party La Causa Radical and represented it in the Venezuelan Congress.
He was nominated by the National Action Party.
Marcos Covarrubias Villaseñor won the gubernatorial election with more than 40% of the vote.
He handed over to the elected civilian governor Isiaka Adetunji Adeleke in January 1992 at the start of the Nigerian Third Republic.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly from 1939 to 1958.
After his appointment, he advocated the diversification of the American Samoan economy.
Frank Williams Hunt was the fifth Governor of Idaho from 1901 until 1903.
He is a member of the 9th Islamic Consultative Assembly from the electorate of Bostanabad.
Robert Stone was the Speaker of the Kansas House of Representatives and a prominent attorney and civic leader in Kansas.
He went on to be a civil engineer, and real estate dealer before settling in Punta Gorda, Florida to become an orange grower.
In both occasions, Rochas defeated his closest rival, incumbent governor Ikedi Ohakim and serving Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon.
He is a member of 4th and 5th Assembly of Experts from Ardabil Province electorate.
He is buried in Roselawn Cemetery in Lakeland, Florida.
They had thirteen children, four of whom died in infancy.
He was Governor of Ebonyi State in Nigeria from 29 May 1999 to 29 May 2007.
He was appointed in 1805, as governor of the Isle of Portland.
He was elected to the National Assembly in 2000 and was its President from 2000 to 2002.
William James Samford was an American Democratic politician who was the 31st Governor of Alabama from 1900 to 1901.
He served a single term as governor.
From March 1, 2010 to October 3, 2011 Mitchell served as Interim Executive Director of the institution.
He advocated modest reforms during his three years as governor, which were relatively uneventful.
Godwin Osagie Abbe in Benin City, Edo State, Nigeria is a retired Nigerian Army Major General and former Defence Minister of Nigeria from 2009 to 2010.
He served as the seventh Lieutenant Governor of Idaho.
After graduating from the College of William and Mary in 1795, he read law to enter the bar in 1806 and briefly practiced in Petersburg.
Burroughs beat sitting Governor Mechem by less than one percent of the vote.
Douglas Michael Head was an American politician from the Republican Party and a former Attorney General of Minnesota.
Gideon Wanton was a governor of the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations who served for two separate one-year terms.
Hobson was one of the co-authors of the Treaty of Waitangi.
He took office on January 4, 1921.
William Wirt Gilmer was a United States Navy Captain who served as both the 22nd and 24th Naval Governor of Guam.
Elisa María Avelina "Lilita" Carrió is an Argentine lawyer, professor and politician, who is an Argentine National Deputy for Buenos Aires.
On 1 December 2008 Judge Paul Barbadoro determined that 15 of those charges were based on a flawed theory, leaving him with only nine charges.
While in April 2010, the trial was scheduled for June of that year, it did not get under way until 2015.
However, he died the next day, 6 May 1709.
Born in Decherd, Tennessee, Moeur was a doctor before running for public office.
Wood was a founder and the first settler of Quincy, Illinois.
Angus Wilton McLean was a lawyer and banker who was the 56th Governor of the U.S. state of North Carolina from 1925 to 1929.
He served as the City Attorney of Bloomington, Illinois and as a state’s attorney as well.
He negotiated a treaty with the Abenakis which formed the basis for a succession of later treaties.
The next year Dupré married Théotiste Roy of Pointe Coupée Parish, in Opelousas.
He is considered the best general of his generation by some historians and one of the best generals ever.
He is to date the last Mayor of Chicago to be elected Governor of Illinois.
Thomas Paul Salmon is a U.S. Democratic Party politician who served as the 75th Governor of Vermont from 1973 to 1977.
During his term as Imperial Commissioner in Gansu, he participated in the suppression of the Nian Rebellion.
They had three children before she died in 1629.
He was captain of his high school football team and an Eagle Scout.
Hutchinson had a deep interest in colonial history, collecting a large number of historical documents.
He quickly became caught up in the growing rivalry between Sevier and Andrew Jackson, and was soundly defeated by Sevier after just one term.
Ashe's grandson, William Ashe, was a Confederate soldier in the American Civil War, and a son of John B. and the former Eliza Hay.
The bandits just wanted to snatch the corporal's gun.
Colonel Muhammad Abu Ali who was killed by Boko Haram troops at Mallam Fatori, Borno State, North Eastern Nigeria.
He was born in Palembang, South Sumatra.
Manuel Velasco Suárez was a Mexican neurologist, neurosurgeon and politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party who acted as Governor of Chiapas from 1970 to 1976.
He subsequently organized a press conference, where he claimed that he is innocent of all charges presented against him.
Rakeei was born in Zanjan, Zanjan Province.
Shadrach Bond was a representative from the Illinois Territory to the United States Congress.
Francisco Garrido Patrón is a Mexican politician, who was governor of the State of Querétaro from 2003 to 2009, and member of the National Action Party.
He served as Captain General of Galicia and Viceroy of Peru from December 18, 1639 to September 20, 1648.
As a lawyer, Shapiro practiced in Kankakee, Illinois.
He earned a medical degree at the University of Córdoba, and later founded the Colegio Médico de la Provincia.
When Vermont was an independent country, he was its first chief justice and served a one-year term as governor.
He is a member of the 1s, 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th Assembly of Experts from the East Azerbaijan electorate.
Head was an unsuccessful candidate for Governor of Minnesota in 1970, losing to the DFL nominee, Wendell Anderson.
Shen Baozhen or Shen Pao-chen was an official during the Qing dynasty.
He studied in Nigeria and the United Kingdom.
In November 2009, Nasir EL-Rufai stated plans to come back home to Nigeria despite the high level of risk he will be under.
He was first elected to Congress in 1946, the youngest man to be elected U.S. Representative from Mississippi.
She led Företagarna, a Swedish association of primarily small- and medium-sized businesses and employers, between June, 2002 and December, 2006.
Chester Harding was Governor of the Panama Canal Zone from 1917 to 1921.
Clinton believed that infrastructure improvements could transform American life, drive economic growth, and encourage political participation.
The autobiography he wrote in 1939 was published in serial form by the Cody Enterprise in the months following his death.
George F. Shafer was born in Mandan, Dakota Territory and was the 17th Governor of North Dakota, serving from 1929 to 1932.
John Rankin Rogers was the third Governor of the state of Washington.
After reading law, he entered the bar in 1818 and opened a private practice.
Arthur Griswold Crane was an American teacher and politician.
The city turned over his body for a pauper's burial to his friend A.Z.
Pavate was a Cambridge Mathematical Tripos wrangler.
Another was to declare that PODEMOS would support Chavez' candidacy in the October 2012 elections.
Alva Adams won the 1904 gubernatorial election, and took office in January 1905.
Andrew Gordon Magrath was the last Confederate Governor of South Carolina from 1864 to 1865, having previously been a United States federal judge.
Donald Grant Nutter was an American politician.
He took up the study of law, reading in the office of John S. Blackwell, of Lexington, Missouri.
In retaliation, the legislature attempted to abolish the court and create a new one more sympathetic to their views.
He joined the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party in 1963.
However, Imo State University acquired a new campus in Owerri and still exist.
He became in turn an anti-Nebraska Democrat, a Republican, a Liberal Republican, returned to being a Democrat, then ended as a Bourbon Democrat.
He was elected Governor of New Hampshire in 1914, where he served one term.
He campaigned unsuccessfully in 2006 for California Attorney General, losing to former Governor Jerry Brown in the November general election.
To date, the Mickelsons are the only father-son duo to have ever held that office.
In 1942, he accepted an appointment as a judge for the state's Tenth Judicial Circuit.
He is most noted for being one of the founders of both Northwestern University and the University of Denver.
Sweetser also served in the Idaho Legislature.
While working in Europe, Knisely covered the Good Friday Peace Agreement Talks and Announcement and additionally the Serbian unilateral cease-fire and partial retreat from Kosovo.
In 1898 he was engaged to Marguerite Fowler Richmond of Meadville, Pennsylvania.
He died on October 1, 1946, in Jefferson City, Missouri.
Oliver Ames was an American businessman, financier and politician from Massachusetts.
During the 1952 presidential election he endorsed Republican nominee, General Dwight D. Eisenhower and led so-called "eisencrats" faction in Mississippi.
Lee Maurice Russell was a Mississippi politician.
His nephew, Clifford P. Case represented New Jersey in the United States House of Representatives and United States Senate.
Albert Oscar Brown was a lawyer, banker, and Republican politician from Manchester, New Hampshire.
Sode was awarded the Commander of the Order of the Niger in 1998.
As the 1983 elections drew closer, Barde left the GNPP for NPP, but was not reelected.
He was best known for his major project to drain the Everglades to recover land for agricultural cultivation.
A moderate Republican, Washburn only partially supported the Radical Republican agenda during the American Civil War and the Reconstruction Era that followed.
He returned to Ohio, earned a law degree, and began a career in business and government service.
Mir Ghesmat Mosavi Asl is an Iranian shiite cleric and politician.
Admiral Lawal held the position of Lagos State Military Governor until 1977, when he was transferred to become governor of Imo State in 1977.
Stephen Watts Kearny, was one of the foremost antebellum frontier officers of the United States Army.
Joseph F. Flores was the fourth civilian appointed Governor of Guam, and was the first Chamorro to hold the office.
In 2011, Holden was posthumously pardoned by the North Carolina Senate.
Commodore Emmanuel A. Acholonu was Administrator of Katsina State in Nigeria from December 1993 to August 1996 during the military regime of General Sani Abacha.
He died in Tampa on October 14, 1903 and was buried at Oaklawn Cemetery.
During his first tenure as acting governor he authorized the erection of Boston Light, the earliest lighthouse in what is now the United States.
He has a Bachelor of Law from University of Lagos.
Dalton had previously served as Lieutenant Governor of Virginia.
Group Captain Abubakar Salihu is a retired Nigerian air force officer who was appointed Military Governor of Gongola State in December 1989 by General Ibrahim Babangida.
After General Mohammadu Buhari took power after the 31 December 1983 coup, Barde was arrested and imprisoned.
He was elected Governor of New Jersey in 1928.
He succeeded the recently elected Richard J. Oglesby, who resigned to accept a Senate seat.
He practiced law in Manchester and served in the New Hampshire House of Representatives.
He was then forced into house arrest with his family in their farm nearby El Calafate.
Surjit Singh Barnala was an Indian politician who served as the Chief Minister of Punjab state from 1985 to 1987.
Enrique Martinez y Martinez is a Mexican politician affiliated with the Revolutionary Institutional Party.
During the American Civil War Clifford supported the Union cause, and was involved in unsuccessful maneuvers to prosecute Confederate President Jefferson Davis after the war.
In 1923, he was sued for seduction and breach of promise by his former secretary Frances Birkhead.
Joseph Bradford Lancaster was an American lawyer and a Whig politician who served on the Florida Supreme Court from 1848 to 1850.
In 1690, during King William's War, Phips was commissioned as a major general the same day he was first allowed to vote.
Cushing represented Massachusetts in the First and Second Continental Congresses, but was voted out when he opposed independence.
In 1876 Cox returned to politics and was elected to and served one term as United States Congressman of Ohio.
On June 20, 1918, Wallace was appointed to the United States Naval Academy from Illinois.
Murray was elected as the first Speaker of the Oklahoma House of Representatives after statehood, as U.S. Representative, and as the ninth Governor of Oklahoma.
Warren Winslow was the 33rd Governor of the U.S. state of North Carolina from 1854 to 1855.
This will lead to a coup of 1955.
The United States Senate, then dominated by the so-called Radical faction of the Republican party, refused to seat Spofford.
Melquiades Morales Flores is a Mexican lawyer and politician, affiliated with the Partido Revolucionario Institucional.
He was the brother of José María Viesca, also a governor of Coahuila y Tejas during 1827-1831.
He was relieved from active duty as a captain in 1946.
Major General George Randolph Pearkes, VC PC CC CB DSO MC CD was a Canadian politician and soldier.
Willis was elected in 1893 along with Governor William J. McConnell.
In June 2006, the work was still not complete, and the contractor was suing for payment to cover costs to date.
Aifili Paulo Lauvao, was twice governor of American Samoa.
He died of cancer in 1936, one year after retiring from military service.
He served as the 63rd Governor of Vermont from 1935 to 1937, and as the 58th Lieutenant Governor of Vermont from 1933 to 1935.
William Channing Gibbs was the tenth Governor of Rhode Island from 1821 to 1824.
Miguel Ángel Ferrer Deheza was de facto Federal Interventor of Córdoba, Argentina, from July 27, 1966 to September 13, 1966.
She belongs to the ethnic Hazara people of Afghanistan.
As governor, he commissioned the 100 bed Osina Community hospital in 1991.
Pierre Augustin Charles Bourguignon Derbigny was the sixth Governor of Louisiana.
The conservative Kennon grew disillusioned with his national party and endorsed Republican presidential nominees Dwight D. Eisenhower, Barry Goldwater, Gerald Ford, and Ronald Reagan.
Mohammad Halim Fidai was appointed as the Governor of Wardak Province in Central Afghanistan on July 24, 2008.
He read law and was admitted to the bar in Virginia.
Eyo Ita was a Nigerian politician from Creek Town, who was the leader of the Eastern Government of Nigerian in 1951.
He was well regarded in the Western world and well received in Hong Kong.
Many people during his lifetime believed his court martial by General Kearny in 1848 was unjustified.
He is an ethnic Pashtun from Baghlan Province.
Head served as a member of the House of Representatives, Adjutant General of the New Hampshire Militia, State Senator, and Governor.
In 1979, Nunes was appointed to his old position of Governor of Pará.
Andrew's mother, Angeline Martin, was the eldest of Armand and Mary Martin's nine children.
He was an anti-Soviet insurgent who fled to Pakistan during the Taliban's rule of Afghanistan.
He subsequently served as Speaker pro Tempore of the Kansas House of Representatives.
John Stewart Barry was the fourth and eighth Governor of the U.S. state of Michigan.
With opponents active against him, he was condemned and executed in New York City for treason against the English monarchs William and Mary.
He was made a Queen's Counsel in 1984, and was Solicitor General of the Northern Territory from 1988 to 2007.
The son of a planter family, he became a member of the Democratic Party.
Ferouza Quraishi, the deputy of the Provincial Council of Jowzjan has accused Governor Zare of Wasting Foreign Aid.
Marshall first settled in Illinois and Wisconsin, where he mined for lead and surveyed land.
Andrew Franklin Hilyer was an accomplished Washington D.C. lawyer, businessman, real estate investor, activist and inventor.
James Brooks Ayers Robertson, sometimes called J.
On 27 June 1988 Akonobi reconstituted the board of Nigeria Mineral Water Industries, empowering it turn the company into a profitable private venture.
Lasut died in 2003 and was buried in the Kalibata Heroes Cemetery in Jakarta.
William Judson Holloway was an American principal, lawyer, and politician who served as the fourth Lieutenant Governor of Oklahoma.
William Maximillian Stone, 3rd Proprietary Governor of Province of Maryland was an early, English settler in Maryland.
Both Fleming and Goff were sworn in as governor on March 4, 1889.
From 1993 to 1999 he served as the fourth governor of the state of Quintana Roo.
In later years, Sir George served as Deputy Prime Minister and was responsible for numerous government ministries including Foreign Affairs, Home Affairs and CARICOM Affairs.
He was arrested in 1663 and died a prisoner in 1664.
William Badger was an American manufacturer and mill owner from Gilmanton, New Hampshire.
Navy Commodore Anthony E. Oguguo was appointed military governor of Imo State in Nigeria from 1990 to 1992 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida.
During World War I, he first commanded the USS Supply and captured German Corvette Captain Adalbert Zuckschwerdt off the coast of Guam.
In September 2008 he was chairman of the National Sourcing In-Coverage Global Technocom Ltd, a private initiative that was issuing educational scholarships especially for Nigerian youths.
Ahmadi has been accused of human rights violations by Human Rights Watch due to his actions in the post-Soviet conflict.
The city of St. John, Kansas, is named after him.
In the December 2009 election, his slate placed second, winning 26.59% of the vote.
William Henry Avery was an American Republican Party politician who served as the 37th Governor of Kansas from 1965 until 1967.
Francisco de Santillán y Argote was later made a Knight of the Order of Santiago.
Izzatullah WasifiJuly 15, 1958) is a politician in Afghanistan.
When Goodluck Jonathan became Acting President, he replaced Attorney General Mike Aondoakaa with Kayode on 10 February, but on 17 March dismissed his entire cabinet.
Air Commodore Ibrahim Alkali was a Military Governor of Kwara State from October 1987 to December 1989 during the military regime of Major General Ibrahim Babangida.
Alejandro Gertz Manero is a Mexican lawyer and politician from the Citizens' Movement who served as Secretary of Public Security during part of Vicente Fox's government.
His next post was as Governor for the Lagos Colony where he negotiated treaties with the local chiefs which protected Christian missionaries and ending human sacrifies.
He currently serves as Governor of Querétaro.
When Martínez was named Commissioner, Sisto quickly staged a coup d'état and claimed the position as the highest ranking Spanish official on the island.
He served as the 69th Governor of Maine from 1975 to 1979, and was the first Independent to hold the office.
Rodríguez also served as the President of the Institutional Revolutionary Party from 1992 to 1993.
Born in Pennsylvania and educated at Dartmouth, he settled in Massachusetts, where he entered local politics on a progressive reform agenda.
Stevenson served in the State Senate from 1863 until 1868, and during the last three years he was its President.
He was president of Juniata College and the first education commissioner for Puerto Rico.
Born in Santuc, South Carolina, five miles north of Carlisle in Union County, Jeter attended and graduated from South Carolina College in 1846.
He was Presidio Inspector and Governor of Texas between 1814 and 1817.
He previously served as Military administrator of Kaduna state and Chief of Air Staff for the Nigerian Air force.
He imprisoned Sheikh Zakzaky of the Islamic movement in Nigeria, along with some of his close disciples, and was said to have intended to execute him.
In 2003, Martínez was elected to the provincial legislature, serving until 2007.
Richard Barnes Mason was a career officer in the United States Army and the fourth military governor of California before it became a U.S. state.
He also served Pennsylvania as a judge and wrote on aspects of Pennsylvania history.
Otto Carl Dowling was a United States Navy Captain, and the 25th Governor of American Samoa from April 17, 1934 to January 15, 1936.
He served as the 56th Lieutenant Governor of Vermont from 1929 to 1931 and the 62nd Governor of Vermont from 1931 to 1935.
He wrote a number of books, two of them while in England and several others following his return.
Albert Wills McIntire was an American Republican politician.
James Engle fought in the American Revolutionary War, was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from Philadelphia County and served as speaker in 1809.
He was supported both by the Federalists, who were strong in Halifax Town, and also by the Democratic-Republican Party.
He also served as a Democratic United States Senator from 1969 until 1975.
Dr Pavate died in Banglore on 17 January 1978 and was cremated in Mamdapur, which was his birthplace.
Edward Joseph "Ed" King was the 66th Governor of the U.S. state of Massachusetts from 1979 to 1983.
Carruthers was replaced by former Democratic governor Bruce King.
He graduated from Shaw's Business College in Kansas City, Missouri in 1884.
Previously, he was the County Executive of Prince George's County, Maryland from 1982 to 1994.
There is also a park in Yonkers, New York named for him.
He was elected to Congress in 1830, where he supported the conservative Whig agenda, serving on the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
There, he had to negotiate land sales between the two governments and respond to citizen's anger when possible assassinations on United States soil ordered by Trujillo.
George Elbridge Hill was a Democratic politician from Idaho.
Lee Earl Emerson was the 69th Governor of Vermont.
Samuel Hitt Elbert was born in Logan County, Ohio.
Born in 1906 in Newport, Vermont, he served in and led both houses of the New Hampshire legislature before his two terms as governor.
Bryant Butler Brooks was an American businessman, rancher and politician.
The militants responsible were believed to be members of al-Qaeda in Iraq.
In January 1998 he had to deal with protests over an oil spill from a Mobil pipeline.
Holgersson was involved in a corruption scandal in April 2006.
James Shaibu Barka was elected a member of the Adamawa State, Nigeria House of Assembly, and was appointed Speaker.
The movement built on the small scale revolts and uprisings of the 19th century, and grew powerful during the period 1940-1961.
Guillermo Padrés Elías is a Mexican politician and a member of the Partido Acción Nacional.
Joaquín del Pino Sánchez de Rojas Romero y Negrete, was a Spanish military engineer and politician, who held various positions in the South American colonial administration.
Hanaway was born in Stevens Point, Wisconsin.
The mobilization was partly an embarrassment, as the troops arrived via an antiquated steamboat, which became stranded.
George Allen Ramsdell was an American lawyer, businessman, and Republican politician from Nashua, New Hampshire.
Colonel Daniel Akintonde was appointed Military Governor of Ogun State, Nigeria from December 1993 to August 1996 during the military regime of General Sani Abacha.
McKay served four terms in the state senate, also fought in World War II, and was then elected as the twenty-fifth governor of Oregon in 1948.
Benjamin Harrison Eaton's sister, Mary Jane Eaton, married William S. Dickerson, also from Coshocton County, Ohio.
Carl Elias Milliken was an American politician, and business executive.
Francisco de la Guerra y de la Vega was the governor of Florida between December 30, 1664 and July 6, 1671.
In 1879, two years after Eliza's death, Andrew married Mary E. Wilson, daughter of Margaret Maleena and Joseph Carlton Wilson, a prominent physician of Edinboro, Pennsylvania.
Ole H. Olson was the 16th Lieutenant Governor and the 18th Governor of North Dakota.
George Bertram Landenberger was a United States Navy Captain and the 23rd Governor of American Samoa, from May 12, 1932 to April 10, 1934.
This proved controversial in ARI ranks and several national legislators formed a separate block called the Autonomous ARI in Congress.
Brigadier General Samaila Bature Chamah died at the IBB Golf club in Abuja in 2007.
He was the second Governor of American Samoa to die in office.
As colonel leading a state militia, in 1776 he prevented the British from taking Charleston, and Fort Moultrie was named in his honor.
He was born in Meridian in eastern Mississippi.
From 2009-2016 he was the Governor of Bangkok.
He is a graduate of Evening Faculty of Moscow Institute of Electronic Technology in 1984.
Henry Howard was an American lawyer and politician.
Spearheading the incumbent debt of Nigeria, Duke pushed for democracy and against military control.
Martinez served as the General Director of Administration for the state of Chihuahua from 1991 to 1992.
Juan Carlos Reyes was de facto Federal Interventor of Córdoba, Argentina from April 9, 1970 to June 17, 1970.
Alfred Mossman Landon was an American Republican politician, who served as the twenty-sixth Governor of Kansas from 1933 to 1937.
Currier served as a fellow at Bates College from 1882 to 1889.
Generally forward-looking in his outlook, he hired Frank Lloyd Wright to design his home in Wichita, Kansas.
Maria Norrfalk, is a Swedish civil servant and the incumbent Governor of Dalarna County in Sweden.
He also served a short term as Secretary of National Defense under President Benito Juárez.
Oscar Raúl Aguad is an Argentine UCR politician.
Sheffield's term in the governor's mansion was marked by controversy including attempts to have him impeached.
In Massachusetts, Andrew opposed the Know Nothing movement and the state's strict alcohol prohibition laws, and oversaw the state takeover of the Hoosac Tunnel construction project.
John Sullivan was an American General in the Revolutionary War, a delegate in the Continental Congress, Governor of New Hampshire and a United States federal judge.
Andrew Elliot took over from James Robertson as acting colonial governor of the Province of New York in 1783.
Thomas Bothwell Jeter was the 79th Governor of South Carolina from September 1, 1880 to November 30, 1880.
Details of his demise appeared in the New York Post giving details of the last week of his life.
His assassination on February 11, 1986 was one of the causes of the People Power Revolution that overthrew Marcos.
After retiring from active politics in 1996, Mallet served as Governor-General between 1 June 1996 and 31 August 1997.
Aníbal Salvador Acevedo Vilá is a Puerto Rican politician and lawyer.
Little is known of Madison's early life.
He was the 13th Governor of New York from 1843 to 1844.
Kamehameha and Kaʻahumanu later arranged Piʻia to marry Gideon Peleioholani Laanui, who was ten years her junior.
The letter was never sent, because Reynier had already written to the Seventeen Lords asking to be relieved of his office on health grounds.
He was also honoured with the traditional title of Shettima of Igbaja Land by Oba Ahmed Awuni Arepo the third.
He served in both houses of the New Hampshire legislature and two terms as governor.
Osman Osmani was appointed as the governor of Ghazni Province, Afghanistan in June 2008.
He was governor during the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill.
Miller, a native of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, served in that position from March 24, 2003, after being confirmed by the Pennsylvania State Senate, until August 8, 2008.
He is a member of the tenth Islamic Consultative Assembly from the electorate of Ardabil, Nir, Namin and Sareyn.
He spoke in favor of a new cabotage law that would confine local shipping between Nigerian ports to locally owned ships.
Glick died in 1911 in Atchison, Kansas.
Andrew W. Hockenhull was the tenth Governor of New Mexico.
In 2004, Brahui was appointed Minister of Borders and Tribal Affairs.
He was the younger brother of Richard Lovelace, the Cavalier poet.
Clough's first business venture, a logging operation he founded at 20, lifted him from poverty and launched him on a path toward wealth and political prominence.
Mohammad Bashir Qant Chah Abi served as the Governor of Sar-e Pol from August 2008 until 25 May 2010.
He is the only North Carolina governor to have been impeached.
He currently serves as Governor of Guanajuato, a position he has held since 2012.
Roy Rudolf Romer was the 39th Governor of Colorado and served as the superintendent of the Los Angeles Unified School District from 2001 to 2006.
Javier himself was elected to one term as Antique governor, serving from 1998 to 2001.
When the American Revolutionary War broke out, he was driven from his home in New York, and joined the British Army, recruiting other Loyalists.
William Calhoun McDonald was an American politician, and the first Governor of the State of New Mexico.
Nigh served on the board of directors of JC Penney and as President of the University of Central Oklahoma after leaving the office of governor.
Mom Rajawongse Sukhumbhand Paripatra is a Thai politician belonging to the Democrat Party.
Fuller Warren was an American attorney and politician who served as the 30th Governor of Florida.
Henderson was elected as a Federalist to the Fourth Congress, serving from March 4, 1795 to March 3, 1797.
The next year, he remarried Ida Mason Christy, with whom he had one son and three daughters.
Palacios helped create many laws including the "Palacios Law" against sexual exploitation, and others regulating child and women labor, working hours and Sunday rest.
After the outbreak of the War of 1812 he returned to New Orleans and enlisted in the Louisiana State Militia.
His son, Bob Casey Jr. is the senior United States Senator from Pennsylvania.
He served as the sixth Governor of Illinois from 1834 to 1838, the only Whig to ever govern the state.
Previously he was Governor of Kwara State from 2003 to 2011.
Deolindo Bittel was a prominent Argentine politician.
In October 2002, Saleh Michika was a strong contender to become the All Nigeria People's Party candidate for the Adamawa governorship.
Lê Lương Minh is a Vietnamese politician and diplomat and the current Secretary General of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
He was the fifth governor of Massachusetts, serving from 1797 to 1799.
He was married to Rosella Dana, and then to Lyra C. Wheeler.
He was raised in Mahaica in British Guiana and was educated at Mount St Mary's College in England.
He was later appointed Minister of the Environment in the Cabinet of President Olusegun Obasanjo.
"The men will brook no further retreat in the face of the enemy."
Kulandaiswamy created an eponymous mathematical model for the rainfall-runoff relationship based on a general equation developed by him.
Robert Brent was the first mayor of Washington, D.C., the federal capital of the United States of America.
His two gubernatorial terms were marked by a reduction in state expenditures.
Trapp died in 1951 and is buried in Fairlawn Cemetery in Oklahoma City.
Senator, chairman of the Democratic National Committee, and Attorney General of the United States.
He was also the first British Governor of the Falkland Islands, whose settlements he planned and built whose and infrastructure he established.
Perón offered Sabattini the Vice-Presidential slot on his Labor Party ticket, ahead of the February 1946 elections.
He died, aged 67, in Paris, France.
However Irwandi lost his 2012 re-election campaign to Zaini Abdullah following a strong challenge and intensive campaigning by other local political rivals.
Marshall won the 1865 and 1867 gubernatorial elections.
Prior to his first term as governor, he served in the Florida House of Representatives.
John Alsop King was an American politician who was Governor of New York from 1857 to 1858.
Gabriel Slaughter was the seventh Governor of Kentucky and was the first person to ascend to that office upon the death of the sitting governor.
Since 2005 he anchored Diálogos Políticos, a political analysis and commentary program in Televisión Mexiquense.
Mónica Troadello is an Argentine politician and a member of the Justicialist Party.
He served as the 20th Lieutenant Governor of Idaho.
Gilmer was removed for a short time before serving a second term.
Mohammad Reza Khanmohammadi Khorrami is an Iranian academic and politician.
Daura was retired from the police force.
After completing his education in Ohio's public school system, he studied civil engineering and surveying.
Zhang proposed to reopen the Imperial Capital University founded in 1898.
She served as an economist at the International Monetary Fund from 1988 to 1990.
In 1856, Governor Ritner was a delegate to the first Republican National Convention in Philadelphia.
He served as the fourteenth Governor of New Hampshire and as a member of the United States House of Representatives.
As a Christian, he played an important role in involving middle-belt officers in the planned coup.
Noel was elected to the state house, as a district attorney, and to the state senate before winning election as governor.
Garretón had difficult relation with indigenous peoples and the Jesuits of Chiloé.
Maintaining Loyalist sympathies, Wanton was officially deposed as governor in November 1775, and Cooke was then named to succeed him.
Tailer held the post until his death, and was interred in the tomb of his uncle, William Stoughton.
Jeremy Clarke was an early colonial settler and President of the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations.
His wife, Elsa Hernández Salazar, died in 1984.
To date he is the only governor of Kansas to be impeached.
Stevenson remained an advocate of labor and also became a supporter for continuing the union.
In 2007, after stepping down as governor, he once again became national deputy for his Province by the Front for Victory.
He formerly served as the Health Secretary of San Luis Potosi.
In 1973 Angeloz was elected a national Senator.
A supporter of Woodrow Wilson, he was a delegate to Democratic National Conventions and sat on the Democratic National Committee.
Edwards returned to private life when his term ended in 1830 and died of cholera two years later.
He took office in 2004 as a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party.
Edge also served as United States Senator representing New Jersey from 1919 to 1929 and as United States Ambassador to France from 1929 to 1933.
His campaign was marked by racist appeal and he supported Jim Crow laws.
In 1878, he graduated from Marietta College.
Because of his actions, no deaths occurred in American Samoa, and he received the Navy Cross.
He became governor of Massachusetts in 1757 after helping engineer the recall of longtime Governor William Shirley.
Thomas Welles is the only man in Connecticut's history to hold all four top offices: governor, deputy governor, treasurer, and secretary.
In 1928, he was elected to the United States Senate as a Republican, and served from March 4, 1929 to January 3, 1935.
However, by 1798 he supported President John Adams and the Federalists.
At other times, Andros served as governor of the provinces of New York, East and West Jersey, Virginia, and Maryland.
Annoyed by the policies of his Democratic administration, McCarthy was gently nudged out of politics by Republicans.
He was elected in 2003, and reelected in 2007 and 2011.
He succeeded Roman Arkadyevich Abramovich in July 2008.
A Republican, he served in several elected and appointed positions in state government.
He was interred in Uniondale Cemetery, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
He married Sarah White and they had one child.
Spaight was finally successful in 1835, becoming the last governor elected by the General Assembly under the North Carolina Constitution of 1776.
Matin went to Gazi High School and studied at Kabul University.
William Wallace "Wally" Barron was a Democratic politician in West Virginia.
The Patrick Dan Archibong Barracks - Calabar was named after him, but later reverted to its location name.
He is a member of the Robinson Bours family which immigrated from the United States in the 19th century.
He was serving as president of the Louisiana Senate, to which he had been elected as a Whig, when Governor Pierre Derbigny was killed.
Richard Dobbs Spaight Jr. was the 27th governor of the U.S. state of North Carolina from 1835 to 1836.
The car, driven by himself, landed in the river.
He was released on bail in mid May 2010.
He served as 29th Governor of South Dakota from 1993 to 1995, having assumed the office upon the death of George S. Mickelson.
According to the 1860 United States Slave Census Schedule John Manning owned 670 enslaved African-Americans, making him the 6th largest American slave owner at the time.
During the Battle of Antietam, the 20th Maine was held in reserve on a hill near the Pry Farm.
His parents, Franklin E. Mix and Mary Grimes Mix, settled in the Palouse region, near Moscow.
Ahmad Heryawan is the current Governor of West Java Province.
After serving again in the state Assembly, Tilden was elected Governor of New York in 1874.
Juan Antonio Bustillo y Ceballos was a soldier and politician who served as governor of Province of Texas and Coahuila, New Spain.
He served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1780 to 1784, and was a master in chancery in 1790.
He was presented the Royal Victorian Order by Queen Victoria.
After leaving the position of Governor, Sheffield served as Chairman of the Board of Directors for Alaska Railroad from 1985 to 1997.
Reed was appointed to a post office position by Benjamin Harrison in 1890.
Harvey became a civil engineer and headed west as a prospector to Pike's Peak in 1859 as a Fifty-Niner.
He was initially considered a heavy underdog, but emerged a narrow victor over Indianapolis Mayor Stephen Goldsmith.
He lost to Republican Harold LeVander in the general election in November.
He was accused of planning a coup against General Sani Abacha in 1995, for which he was jailed, tortured and convicted of treason.
Endecott used some of his properties to propagate fruit trees; a pear tree he planted still lives in Danvers, Massachusetts.
Roberto Gustavo Basualdo is an Argentine politician, formerly of the Justicialist Party.
Born in the small town of Esperanza, Puebla, Morales studied law at the Autonomous University of Puebla, where he also later taught.
He assumed senior status on May 31, 1981.
Tell Magazine stated that Omehia may have been under pressure to settle "election liabilities".
He sits in the Argentine Senate representing La Pampa Province.
Prof. V. N. Rajasekharan Pillai is President of Mewar University, Chiittorgarh, Rajasthan, India.
Washington Ellsworth Lindsey was an American politician and the third Governor of New Mexico.
A. Robertson, was an American lawyer, judge and the fourth governor of Oklahoma.
Pinchot coined the term conservation ethic as applied to natural resources.
In the latter election he was placed third behind the eventual winner, Jânio Quadros who defeated him in the 1954 gubernatorial election by less than 1%.
During his term, the Wisconsin Constitution was amended so that the lieutenant governor was no longer the president of the state senate.
Thomas Hutchinson, in his history of Massachusetts, described Shute's tenure as governor as the most contentious since the Antinomian Controversy of the 1630s.
Alejandro González Alcocer is a Mexican politician and lawyer, belonging to the National Action Party.
Robert B. Smith was a Democratic politician.
Amid both family and political acrimony, the latter won the election in the second round, and Arturo Colombi left office without attending his successor's inaugural.
He served as Governor of Tehran, Member of Parliament, and Minister of Post and Telegraph.
Ralph Owen Brewster was an American politician from Maine.
Saúl González was elected to the Senate for the period 1988–94, representing Chihuahua for the PRI.
John Joseph Dempsey was a United States Representative from New Mexico who also served as the 13th Governor of New Mexico.
Charles R. Nesbitt was an Oklahoma attorney and politician.
In the position, he helped rebuild the naval tactics and education of the country, and stayed there for many years.
Bachelder became Master of the local Grange for Merrimack County.
This document convinced the House of Representatives clerk to enter Cannon's name on the roll, so Cannon began drawing delegate's salary.
General Adolfo Sigwald was de facto Governor of Córdoba, Argentina from March 8, 1979 to January 20, 1982.
He started one of the state's political dynasties: both his son, Perkins Bass, and grandson, Charles F. Bass, were elected to the U.S. House of Representatives.
He was a graduate of Rumfa College, Kano.
Speaker O’Donnell also introduced the first charter schools legislation in the Commonwealth, a version of which was passed later during Governor Tom Ridge's tenure.
Leguizamón's brother, Aníbal Leguizamón, also became a Deputy in 2007, opposed to the Kirchner bloc.
Peter George Underwood AC was an Australian jurist and the Governor of Tasmania from 2008 until his death in 2014.
Robert Willis Warren was a United States federal judge and politician from Wisconsin.
Group Captain Iyam reportedly sacked 8,000 Edo state workers.
He died in office during his second term.
He was a member of the Rajya Sabha from 1994 to 2000.
Andrew Ryan McGill was an American politician of the United States Republican Party.
William "Bill" Dougherty was an American businessman, lobbyist, and Democratic politician who was the 31st Lieutenant Governor of South Dakota from 1971 to 1975.
Juan Valdez was Gobernor of Texas and Coahuila, lieutenant general and alcalde of the presidio and villa of Bexar in 1714 and 1716.
Additionally in 2007 and 2008 KMSP-TV became one of the most successful FOX Affiliates in the country.
Merriam never returned to Minnesota, but retired instead to Florida, where he died in Port Sewall at age 81.
He studied law at the University of Buenos Aires and the National University of the Littoral.
Turner was defeated in the June 1, 2010 primary election by Susana Martinez.
He was arrested in Florence, Italy, on 9 April 2017.
He was elected Governor in 1882 and served until 1885.
De Lima accused his successor as governor, Tarek Saab, of using his position for political persecution, after Saab's wife accused De Lima of mismanagement.
Disputed election results caused the U.S. House of Representatives to challenge the Whig candidates certified by Governor William Pennington.
His family arrived in San Antonio from the Canary Islands in 1731 with other Canarian families in order to populate this region.
He was a brother of the previous governor of Spanish Florida, Hernando de Miranda, and brother-in-law of the next governor, Pedro Menéndez Márquez.
He ran for governor four years later, but was defeated when the state Democratic political machine decided not to support him.
Brigadier General Ibrahim Aliyu was the Military Administrator of Jigawa State from December 1993 to August 1996 during the military regime of General Sani Abacha.
John Bell was governor of the U.S. state of New Hampshire for one year.
He was twice an unsuccessful candidate for the United States Senate.
La Follette was the unsuccessful Democratic candidate for governor of Wisconsin in 1968.
During his term, the state adopted constitutional amendments that reapportioned the legislature and prohibited the levying of state income and inheritance taxes.
Served as a City Councilor for Mexico City, federal congressman, Minister of Justice, Minister of Finance and was elected thrice Governor of the State of Mexico.
He served as the 14th and 16th Governor of Ohio, and was the first governor of Ohio born in the state.
Following the campaign, he fell ill with pneumonia and died in Jacksonville.
Phelps' parents divorced in 1899 and he later took his mother's maiden name as his last name, even though it was already also his first name.
Sam Ominyi Egwu is a member of the ruling People's Democratic Party in Nigeria.
His additional professional naval designations include FSS and PSC.
As governor, he promoted the passage of civil service reform legislation and labor-friendly wage and dispute-resolution laws.
As a child, Stephen Hopkins was a voracious reader, becoming a serious student of the sciences, mathematics, and literature.
In 1820 he was prosecuted for being involved in smuggling of American slaves from Spanish Florida.
Dexter was a Baptist and, following his presidency, he renewed his association with the Baptist church in Providence, becoming the pastor of the congregation in 1669.
Charles Benjamin Ross was the first Idaho-born Governor of Idaho and an important Idaho political figure throughout the 1930s.
Eugene Noble Foss, was an American politician and businessman from Massachusetts.
James Hamilton Peabody was the 13th and 15th Governor of Colorado, and is noted for his public service in Cañon City.
A graduate of the United States Naval Academy, he commanded the USS South Carolina during World War I, for which he received the Navy Cross.
In 1880, he was elected to the state senate where he served for seven years.
A few weeks later, he became the first Kentucky governor to die in office.
John Cromwell Bell Jr. was an American lawyer, politician, and judge.
He is buried in Grove City Cemetery in Blackfoot, Idaho.
The greatest problem during his administration was a dispute between miners and a mining company.
As a lawyer, he gained notoriety for Borden's defense, and was criticized for defending fraudulent fraternal benefit societies.
Herdman served as the Deputy Governor of Bermuda from 1983 to 1986 and the Governor of the British Virgin Islands from 1986 until 1991.
After spending a decade in the state legislature, Slaughter was elected the fourth Lieutenant Governor, serving under Charles Scott.
He was considered by the Democrats for their presidential nomination in 1880 and 1884, but was not an active candidate.
Abdullahi was born in Hadejia, Kano State.
He died in Holmes Beach, Florida, age 86.
After the Civil War, Leedy moved to Princeton, Indiana where he served as a clerk in a store for three years.
He is buried in Rosario Cemetery, Santa Fe, New Mexico.
From 1973 to 1975, he held a seat in the Chamber of Deputies, representing Quintana Roo's First District.
In the politically chaotic climate that resulted, Goebel was assassinated.
His publications, in addition to his history of the SJC, include a history of his hometown of Leicester and numerous treatises on legal subjects.
Following his two terms as governor, Briscoe returned to the ranching and banking business in Uvalde.
He was a national leader of the moderate wing of the Republican Party in the late 1960s.
He was a major philanthropist, especially in his hometown of Easton, which is graced by a number of architecturally significant works by H.H.
His tenure as governor ended on February 24, 2017.
Ogbonnaya Onu is presently the Minister of Science and Technology of the Federal Republic of Nigeria.
His uncle, George Franklin Fort, was a Democratic Governor of New Jersey from 1851–1854.
his speech at Friday Prayers had many reflections in Azerbaijani media.
He returned to Massachusetts in 1804 and reentered state politics, running unsuccessfully for governor several times before winning in 1809.
John Calhoun Sheppard was the 82nd Governor of South Carolina from July 10, 1886, to November 30, 1886.
Henry Brewer Quinby was an American physician, businessman, and Republican politician in the U.S. state of New Hampshire.
Oswaldo Álvarez Paz is a Venezuelan politician.
While governor, Sheffield pushed an unpopular bill through the state legislature to consolidate Alaska's time zones.
Charles Paine was an American Whig politician, woolen mill owner, merchant, railroad builder, and the fifteenth Governor of Vermont.
This term was brief as he died shortly after taking office.
Dempsey served as a member of the United States Maritime Commission in 1941.
So it required a state level referendum in Maryland to end slavery.
Navy Captain Adetoye Sode was posted to Oyo State as Military Administrator on 9 December 1993.
He is married to his wife Funmilayo; they have five children.
Del Sesto was nominated by the Republicans as their candidate for Governor for the first time in 1956.
Michael Adekunle Ajasin was a Nigerian politician who was elected Governor of Ondo State on the Unity Party of Nigeria platform during the Nigerian Second Republic.
Elias Nelson Conway was an American politician and the fifth Governor of Arkansas.
With author Richard Carter, Mr. Bookhammer wrote a book in 2009: "Gene Bookhammer and His World."
He served as the third Governor of Dakota Territory.
William Henry Gist was the 68th Governor of South Carolina from 1858 to 1860 and a leader of the secession movement in South Carolina.
Shortly after his death, Breathitt County, Kentucky was created and named in his honor.
Abraham Andrews Barker served as a soldier during the American Civil War, and was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
He was born September 6, 1783, in Pointe Coupee Parish, Louisiana.
Outside of criminal law, he specialized in irrigation and mining cases.
He died in New Orleans and was buried at St. Joseph's Catholic Cemetery in Thibodaux, Louisiana.
The new chancellor began fundraising immediately, and managed to retire the debts by August 1903 although the university's finances remained precarious for many years afterward.
A successful Northampton lawyer prior to 1774, Strong was politically active in the rebel cause during the American Revolutionary War.
He served five non-consecutive terms in Congress, as an adherent of Henry Clay of Kentucky and the Whig Party.
Williams played a role in the drafting of the Oklahoma Constitution and served as the first Oklahoma Supreme Court chief justice.
After his service in the war, Greenup helped settle the trans-Appalachian regions of Virginia.
At the same time he joined several other business companies and led them to success.
He served two terms as the 48th Governor of Alabama, from 1979 to 1983 as a Democrat, and again from 1995 to 1999 as a Republican.
Taylor left the islands in 1987, but returned the next year to act as interim chief executive for eight months.
Garba Nadama left office after the 1983 military coup in which Major General Muhammadu Buhari took power.
Hardee left office on January 6, 1925.
Following the Confederacy's military collapse Lubbock fled from Richmond, Virginia with Davis.
Lovelace proceeded to convict several of Cornbury's supporters, members of the corrupt Cornbury Ring, including former Governor Jeremiah Basse.
Luis Martínez Villicaña died in Houston, Texas, on March 2, 2011, at the age of 71.
He did initiate a project to establish the Gongola Television Corporation in 1982, but this was abandoned when the military took power in December 1983.
Agustín Viesca was a governor of the Mexican state of Coahuila y Tejas in 1835.
Derbigny was thrown from his carriage on October 6, 1829, ten months into his term as governor.
His son Teller Ammons was also governor of Colorado.
Walter Edward Washington was an American civil servant and politician.
Félix Arturo González Canto is a politician and Mexican economist, affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party.
He was born on a farm near Craftsbury, Vermont.
He served as a United States district judge in South Carolina from 1812 until his death.
The trouble spread to Bauchi and other towns.
Charles James McCarthy was the fifth Territorial Governor of Hawaii and served from 1918 to 1921.
Lord Neill Campbell was a Scottish nobleman who served as Deputy Governor of East New Jersey during 1686, succeeding Gawen Lawrie.
As of 2013 he served as Deputy of both the LIX and LXII Legislatures of the Mexican Congress representing Campeche.
Merriam also served as the State Auditor of Iowa from 1900 to 1903, and served in both the Iowa and California state legislatures.
Charles Porter was Speaker of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1805–1806.
Parsons fought as a Confederate lieutenant at the brief Battle of Munford near Talladega in April, 1865.
He had been charged with corruption, and said that he feared he would not receive a fair trial.
Francisco de Córcoles y Martínez was a Spanish soldier who served as Governor of Spanish Florida, a charge he occupied between 1706 and 1716.
His term ended in 2009 and Fernando Toranzo Fernandez became governor of San Luis Potosi.
He was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for twenty years, having served as Speaker of the House, Majority Leader, Whip and Caucus Chairman.
He was called "Os West" by Oregon writer Stewart Holbrook, who described him as "by all odds the most brilliant governor Oregon ever had."
His daughter, Joanne, was the first wife of Marshall Field IV; heir to the Marshall Field's fortune & publishing mogul.
He is consistently considered one of the greatest governors in Minnesota history and one of the most influential American politicians of his era.
He was the 52nd Governor of New Hampshire and served in the New Hampshire House of Representatives and the New Hampshire Senate.
Ameli said abouth 2016 Armenian–Azerbaijani clashes: We have wish presence in Karabakh war, Karabakh is the territory of Islam.
Bailey was elected to the Mississippi House of Representatives as a Democratic candidate in 1915 and served from 1916 to 1940.
Moses Robinson was a prominent Vermont political figure.
Born into a wealthy Massachusetts merchant family, Belcher attended Harvard College and then entered into the family business and local politics.
In November 1962, Kennedy became too ill to continue his duties and Boyle was named acting president.
Charles Armington Robins was a physician and the 22nd Governor of Idaho.
Active in the temperance movement, he successfully promoted a prohibition amendment to that state's constitution.
Goebel remains the only state governor in the United States to be assassinated while in office.
Charles C. Smith was a Speaker of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
Chase Salmon Osborn was an American politician, newspaper reporter and publisher, and explorer.
In 1998, she joined the Afghan Institute of Learning and eventually became the General Manager of the entire organization.
In June 1999 he was required to retire, as were all other former military administrators.
Iglesias stood to be governor of Mendoza once again but came fourth with less than 10% of the vote.
He later became a power in the People's Democratic Party in Oyo State.
As an adult, Randolph developed alcoholism, and he and his wife separated for some time before his death.
He was one of eleven children born to Carmen Fernandez de Toranzo and Manuel Contreras.
After some initial hesitation by Commander Ludin, most of his forces entered the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration program in 2003.
After serving as governor he was appointed as an ambassador to Argentina in South America and later helped to codify Oregon’s laws.
He served his first two terms from 1952 to 1960 under fellow Democrats, Governors Hugh L. White and James P. Coleman.
He manumitted 19 slaves in 1819, and acquired land for them.
Born in England, he came to Massachusetts as a teenager.
Heyward won in the runoff election against W. Jasper Talbert and became the 88th governor of South Carolina after running unopposed in the general election.
Daniel James Moody, Jr., was a Democratic political figure, originally from Taylor, Texas, USA.
Darden served on and commanded warships, and then in the 1940s was appointed head of the "Special Programs Unit".
Three years after attaining the rank of field marshal, Byng died at his home on 6 June.
He later served briefly as Commissioner of the U. S. Bureau of Reclamation.
The Government offices were mostly rented at first.
During his political administration in New Spain, Bonavía promoted the liberalization of trade and commerce under the orders of Charles III, King of Spain.
Hossein Hashemi is an Iranian politician who currently serves as Governor of Tehran Province since 8 September 2013.
The opium poppy cultivation zones were reduced to 200 hectares, whereas they had reached 15,607 hectares in 2004.
In May 2009 he switched positions with Mohammad Ashraf Naseri.
He never was able to meet with Brown.
Braulio Maldonado Sandez was a Mexican politician who served as the first Governor of Baja California from 1953 until 1959.
Ewang alleged that prominent Ibibio people were being targeted.
The oldest child died in infancy, leaving Herman and Florence.
He was a Southern Unionist and a general in the Union Army in the American Civil War.
On 18 July 2010, Jorge died in his house in Río Gallegos after a long illness at the age of 95.
In 1997 he was awarded "Lawyer of the Year" by the National Law Journal.
The North Carolina state legislature elected Burton the Governor of the state in 1824 and re-elected him in 1825 and 1826.
He was confirmed in this position on 22 August 1998, after a cabinet reshuffle in the interim government of General Abdulsalam Abubakar.
In that year, there were many troubles.
LaFayette "Fayette" McMullen was a 19th-century politician, driver, teamster and banker from the U.S. state of Virginia and the second appointed Governor of Washington Territory.
He married Sarah Jane Boyd in 1874 and had three children: Clara Romaine, Alice May, and John Boyd.
He attended Corydon Central High School and then Indiana University, where he met his wife Judy.
Juan Manso de Contreras was the Governor of New Mexico between 1656 and 1659.
Hazrat Din Noor, who died in a car accident only a few months after he was installed.
He dismissed six government-employed journalists for failing to join his entourage because their car was out of fuel.
In 1898, Stanley won the Republican gubernatorial nomination and upon winning the election, he was sworn in on January 9, 1899.
In the fall of 1818 he was elected an associate justice of the Illinois Supreme Court by the Illinois General Assembly.
He inherited a backward and ethnically divided state, but did little to improve the situation.
His political career began when he was elected as Comptroller of South Carolina in 1890, serving until 1894.
Subsequently, he was appointed as a Minister of Irrigation, Water Resources, and Environment during the transitional period of Afghan government.
A keen astronomer, he built the colony's second observatory and encouraged scientific and agricultural training.
Prosecutors presented indictments against 26 people, including Fernández, for the Porvenir Massacre before the Sixth Sentencing Tribunal on 12 October 2009.
Jacques Marc, Jacques-Marc, James Marcus or Mark Prevost was a British Army officer of French-Swiss origin.
He is credited with saving the school from closure, and his tenure saw a large expansion in college facilities and the birth of many school traditions.
John Butler Smith was an American manufacturer and Republican politician from Hillsborough, New Hampshire who served as governor for two years and owned Contoocook Mills Company.
He served as Ambassador to Cuba and as Governor of Veracruz.
Passing the bar in 1957, he was elected to the Minnesota House of Representatives and served from 1961 to 1964.
Days after leaving office, he became president of the Agricultural and Mechanical College of Texas.
During his term as governor, Mitchell was paid $3500 per year.
Gildo Insfrán is an Argentine Justicialist Party politician, who has been governor of Formosa Province since 1995.
He served as the sixth Governor of Florida, at the end of the American Civil War.
An ethnic Pashtun from Paktia Province, Naseri separated from the Ittihad-e Islami under Abdul Rasul Sayyaf in 1992 or 1993 and is now politically unaffiliated.
Abdul Latif Ibrahimi is member of the Ibrahims Clan, a predominant family in the Imam Sahib district in Kunduz.
Frank Bartlett Willis was a Republican politician from Ohio.
He also represented Illinois in the United States House of Representatives, 1851–1855 and as a U.S.
He served a brief term of less than a month as the 19th Governor of North Dakota in 1935.
He became a member of the Knights of Pythias and served as a captain of a cavalry company in Colleton County.
In 1812, Salcedo led the Spanish army in Texas against the filibusters calling themselves the Republican Army of the North.
Aliyu Magatakarda Wamakko was elected governor of Sokoto State, Nigeria in April 2007, representing the People's Democratic Party.
William Pickering was a Republican and the fifth governor of Washington territory, from.
Mohammad Esmaeil Saeidi is an Iranian retired Revolutionary Guards commander and politician affiliated with the Front of Islamic Revolution Stability.
John Isaac "Ike" Moore was a member of the Arkansas Senate and Acting Governor of the U.S. state of Arkansas.
Juan Bautista de Anza Bezerra Nieto was a New-Spanish explorer of Basque descent, and Governor of New Mexico for the Spanish Empire.
on January 10, 1833 held the office of inspector general and commander of Chihuahua, leaving the army on December 15, 1834.
As the Radical Republicans influence began to wane in the mid-1870s, Throckmorton was elected to Congress representing Texas's 3rd Congressional District.
He promoted the oil storage facilities on the island and attracted new airlines to Pago Pago International Airport in an attempt to make up lost revenue.
Gill was a significant benefactor and founder of Leicester Academy, and supported the congregational church in Princeton, where the family had a large estate.
John Gary Evans was the 85th Governor of South Carolina from 1894 to 1897.
He served two terms as Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts, acting as Governor for the remainder of Governor James Sullivan's term after his death in December 1808.
As governor, Vroom supported the establishment of the Camden and Amboy Railroad and the Delaware and Raritan Canal.
This greatly increased the livelihoods of local producers, but angered those outside of the province who were receiving "dividends" from clove sales.
She had been third on the list for the Justicialists in the 2005 elections.
He died in Fargo, North Dakota in 1934 and was buried in Riverside Cemetery.
Lord Bessborough is remembered for promoting new communication technologies as well as giving support to the Canadian population during the Great Depression.
In 1833 he was elected Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts as a Whig, and served three consecutive annual terms.
Hunt was also an opponent of capital punishment and a supporter of organized labor.
Tomé Domínguez de Mendoza was a Spanish soldier who served as acting Governor of New Mexico in 1664.
He is the governor of Herat Province, appointed by President Hamid Karzai on July 02, 2013.
He died in the famous Irma Hotel in Cody in 1941 at the age of 86, and was interred in Cody Cemetery.
During the Karzai administration, he was appointed as the governor of Afghanistan's central bank.
Robert Lee Holden Jr. is an American politician.
Kontagora was appointed Minister of Works and Housing in the Babangida government.
His predecessor Irwandi Yusuf, who was elected in 2006 for the period 2007-2012, was the first governor chosen in the province by direct elections.
Edward "Ed" Martin was an American lawyer and Republican party politician from Waynesburg, Pennsylvania.
Richard Nicolls was the first English colonial governor of New York province.
Despite this he served with distinction and retired in March 2001.
He was subsequently re-elected in 2003 for another four year term.
He later became Principal Staff Officer to General Sani Abacha, before being arrested for alleged involvement in a coup attempt.
From August 20, 1806 to July 7, 1816 he was viceroy of Peru, during the Spanish American wars of independence.
He also permitted the Pueblos Native Americans to perform their religious dances.
James Benton Grant was an American mining engineer and the third Governor of Colorado from 1883 to 1885.
Stanley Calef Wilson was an American politician from Vermont.
Allen served from April 1, 1929 to November 30, 1930.
He also served as Municipal President of Tepic between 2008 and 2011.
Mason was "an aristocratic Virginian, a large portly man, six feet in height.
During this time, he served as a delegate to the Republican National Convention and made his final runs for governor and for the U.S. Senate.
He held office as the Mayor of Matamoros from 1993 to 1995, and the Governor of Tamaulipas from 1999 to 2005.
He was elected on the National Party of Nigeria platform.
Simon Davis was one of the eight board members who made that decision to 'go pro' on September 9, 1868.
Every election since 1868 had had increasing levels of political violence.
During the 1931-1935 administration of Gifford Pinchot, he was the Secretary of Highways and spearheaded the governor's ambitious rural transportation initiative.
Ejercito and also popularly known by his official on-screen names Jorge Estregan, George Estregan Jr. and Jeorge "E.R."
Hassannejad was born in Jolfa, East Azerbaijan.
He was twice wounded in the Northwest Indian War, and in the War of 1812 he was taken prisoner following the Battle of Frenchtown in Michigan.
However, he lost his entire fortune, so left again, this time aboard the Salamander, for India on 24 April 1645.
During his years as a South Carolina political leader, Lowndes was a guiding force in South Carolina’s revolutionary government.
Andrew Gregg Curtin was a U.S. lawyer and politician.
He was elected to the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1933 and served as the House Speaker in 1936.
He was Governor of Oaxaca and is a Diputado Federal elected from the ranks of Alliance for Mexico of Institutional Revolutionary Party-Ecologist Green Party of Mexico.
He was chosen as a delegate to five of the ten statehood conventions that secured Kentucky's separation from Virginia and helped write the state's first constitution.
He is buried in the North Burial Ground in Providence.
Amado Espino Jr. is a Filipino politician and the incumbent Representative of Pangasinan's 5th District in the Philippine House of Representatives.
He was reelected in 2011 with almost 60% of the vote, and in 2015 with 51% of the vote.
John Milton was an American politician who was the fifth Governor of Florida.
Jesús T. Piñero was the first and only native Puerto Rican to be appointed governor of Puerto Rico by the Government of the United States.
At the end of his senatorial period, he returned to his private practice as a notary public.
He was director of the Hokkaidō-Kitami University.
Bagindo Azizchan, is the Mayor of Padang second after independence, which was inaugurated on August 15, 1946 replacing Mr. Abubakar Jaar.
Nehemiah Green was the fourth Governor of Kansas, serving in that position on an interim basis from November 1868 to January 1869.
Felisa Rincón de Gautier was the first woman to be elected as the Mayor of a capital city in The Americas.
He also served more than once in the West Indies and died in Jamaica of wounds suffered earlier in the war.
His father was Joseph Wanton, a shipbuilder in Tiverton, and his mother was Sarah Freeborn, the daughter of Gideon and Sarah Freeborn.
He was a presidential candidate and Governor of Córdoba from December 11, 1983 to December 11, 1995.
In 1876 he was the Democratic nominee for President of the United States.
He served as the 24th Governor of Oregon for just over one year.
In February 1998, a fire of unexplained cause burnt down the governor's office in Anambra State Government House.
In 1956, Owen and business partner Frank Griffiths purchased New Westminster radio station CKNW and co-founded Western International Communications Ltd..
He was born on 5 December 1799 in Blount County, Tennessee.
In 1878 he was elected governor of Texas and served two terms.
He also served as the acting president of the Pennsylvania State University from 1906 to 1908.
He was the unsuccessful Democratic Party nominee in the 2007 general election for Governor of Mississippi.
The government played down the incident, claiming only 25 had died.
George W. Emery was the eleventh governor of Utah Territory.
After his term as Governor of New Hampshire, he served as the Master of the National Grange.
Richard Howell was the third Governor of New Jersey from 1794 to 1801.
Andrew Frank Schoeppel was an American politician and a member of the Republican Party.
He was 25 when he moved to Minnesota and began practicing law in St. Peter.
Frederick "Fred" Lee Hall was a Republican lawyer and politician who served as Lieutenant Governor of Kansas, 1951–55 and the 33rd Governor of Kansas, 1955-57.
In 1702, Lovelace married Charlotte, the daughter of Sir John Clayton, but her poor dowry little improved his financial situation.
He was leader and founder of the Alash Orda national liberation movement.
Washington Hunt was an American lawyer and politician.
He fell out with Colazo, however, and there were public rows between them.
He also served as alternate deputy of Coahuila, Vice Governor of Texas and Senator in the Mexican Congress.
He was elected for two additional terms as governor, the last time following the devastation of King Philip's War.
Because of his actions in British Guiana, his appointment was initially opposed by the student body but he soon won them over.
Hugo Omar Cóccaro is an Argentine Justicialist Party politician, former governor of Tierra del Fuego Province.
He served in both houses of the state legislature.
He did not run for re-election in 1950, and was defeated by Jânio Quadros in 1954, before winning in 1962.
He was appointed U.S. Pension Agent in 1869 for four years and served three terms as mayor of Springfield beginning in 1876.
He practiced law in Jacksonville and was city attorney of Jacksonville 1885–1890 and county judge of Morgan County 1894–1897.
William King was an American army officer who was military governor of West Florida from May 26, 1818 to February 4, 1819.
The article describes the assassin William H. Weldon being wounded in the attempt against Packard.
He later held office as Governor of New South Wales from 1981 to 1989, and was Chancellor of the University of Sydney from 1990 to 1991.
LeBlanc was born and educated in New Brunswick, and also studied in France prior to becoming a teacher and then a reporter for Radio-Canada.
In 1865, he opened the largest sawmill in Florida in Ellaville.
He was elected to the Senate in 2007.
Robert William Straub was an American politician and businessman from the state of Oregon.
In February 1976 North-Western State was split into Niger State and Sokoto State.
Three living children, Andrew, Mary and Thomas, Junior.
As governor, he promoted social reform legislation and reductions in working hours.
He died on 19 June 1678 while still in office, and was buried in the Arnold Burying Ground, located on Pelham Street in Newport.
After the American Civil War began in 1861, Padelford won two consecutive elections for Lieutenant Governor, serving from 1863 to 1865.
He was survived by his wife and three children.
McCarthy also proposed that the military replace self-government in order to negate possible bloc voting by the large Japanese population in Hawaii.
During each of these times he was briefly acting governor.
During his tenure as Governor of Kansas, a state schoolbook commission was organized and four state regiments were organized for service in the Spanish–American War.
Raufu Olaiya Bakare was part of his active councilors represents Itire Ikate area now called Itire Ikate Local Government
Thomas Kennedy was a miner and president of the United Mine Workers of America from 1960 to 1963.
He served until 1937, having lost the 1936 race to former governor William Langer.
Benjamin Franklin Prescott was an American lawyer, newspaper editor, and politician from Epping, New Hampshire, who served two terms as a governor of New Hampshire.
William John Bulow was an American politician and a lawyer.
Born in Lexington and educated at Harvard, Robinson taught high school before becoming a lawyer.
Matías de Armona arrived in Loreto in June 1769, from Spain, along with his brother Francisco de Armona.
Rolvaag was one of only four Minnesota Democrats to win a gubernatorial election with a Democrat in the White House.
Secretary of Interior Cox implemented the first civil service reform in a federal government department, including examinations for most clerks.
He is buried at Lakewood Memorial Park in Jackson.
He later served as Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs under President John F. Kennedy and Chief Justice of the Michigan Supreme Court.
Named after Elias Petty, the brother of his grandmother, Naomi Seeley.
He was the 39th Governor of New York and a long-serving congressman from the same state.
He is an alumnus of Hussey College Warri.
He first came to fame as the focus of hatred of the Regulators, and led anti-Regulator militia in the War of the Regulation.
In 1928, he was re-elected as circuit court judge, but resigned in 1932 to pursue a gubernatorial nomination.
He served as Comptroller General of the United States from 1939 to 1940.
Both Holgersson and municipal commissioner Ilmar Reepalu were tried for corruption regarding a trip to South Africa which they had accepted from Sigma AB.
He also built the new Centro de Convenciones, which is one of the biggest in Mexico.
Andros was recalled to England from Virginia in 1698, and resumed the title of Bailiff of Guernsey.
Benjamin Harrison V, from Charles City County, Virginia, was an American politician, planter, and merchant, a revolutionary leader and a Founding Father of the United States.
Moeur left office in 1937 and died 71 days later in Tempe, where he is buried at the Double Butte Cemetery.
Ariyoshi is now considered an elder statesman of the Democratic Party of Hawaiʻi.
Despite his controversial retreat at Monterrey, Ampudia remained popular in Mexican folklore as "the only man who could defeat Taylor."
He served as the 17th Lieutenant Governor of Idaho for eight months in 1929 during the administration of Governor H. C. Baldridge.
In 1934, he was an unsuccessful candidate for U.S.
He then attended the Nigeria Defence Academy, Kaduna before becoming a pilot officer with the Nigerian Air Force in 1972.
As a former military administrator, he was required to retire from the navy in June 1999 at the start of the Nigerian Fourth Republic.
Lincoln was unsuccessful in his bid to be elected governor in his own right in 1809.
Osborn is also the second native-born governor of Arizona, preceded by Thomas Edward Campbell.
In 1962, he was the Democratic nominee for governor and defeated incumbent Edwin L. Mechem 130,933 to 116,184.
Alvarado also oversaw California's brief rejoining with Mexico as a state.
Bashir retired on 1 October 2014, and was succeeded as governor by General David Hurley.
James Wright Gordon, usually referred to as J. Wright Gordon, was a Whig politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.
Lemuel Hastings Arnold was an American politician from the U.S. state of Rhode Island.
He was primarily a political appointee within the federal government's various departments, which at the time included U.S. territories.
He received his undergraduate education at the University of Sydney, and later studied international law at the Hague Academy of International Law in the Netherlands.
From 1673 to 1674, Dutch naval Captain Anthony Colve acted as military governor-general until England recovered the colony under the terms of the Treaty of Westminster.
During his tenure U.S. Route 66 was rerouted to avoid Santa Fe and instead passed through Albuquerque, New Mexico.
As Governor, Kellogg asserted the authority of the United States over the tribal chiefs of the islands.
Theodore Thurston Geer was the tenth Governor of Oregon, serving from January 9, 1899 to January 14, 1903.
Miguel Ángel Yunes Linares is a Mexican politician and the current Governor of Veracruz since 2016.
Armando Calidonio Alvarado is a Honduran politician from the National Party of Honduras who since 2014 serves as Mayor of San Pedro Sula.
Manuel de Cendoya was a Spanish soldier who served as governor of Florida from mid-1671 to mid-1673.
He was married to Luz Garayzar with whom he had three children: Guadalupe, Carlos and Cesar Angel.
He devoted his considerable fortune to philanthropy, especially to the benefit of UNC-Chapel Hill.
Adetokunbo hails from Ikaram-Akoko in Ondo State and holds the traditional title Omoba as a Yoruba prince.
Owen Stuart Aspinall was an American attorney and politician who served as the 45th Governor of American Samoa from August 1, 1967, to July 31, 1969.
Yves Dassonville is a French civil servant and statistician.
William A. Jayne was an American politician and physician.
He also ran for the position of Vice President and running-mate of Fidel Ramos in the 1992 Elections but lost to Joseph Estrada.
He is a member of the Democratic Party.
Searle's fleet had already captured St. Augustine's own frigate near Havana, as well as the situado ship from Vera Cruz carrying flour to St. Augustine.
Eventually, a lower-ranking officer, William P. Cronan, placed Maxwell on the sick list, despite his protest, and removed him from power, taking the office himself.
He became Mayor of the provincial capital, San Juan, in 1958, and at the age of 31.
John McClannahan Crockett was a Texan lawyer, mayor of Dallas, and the eighth Lieutenant Governor of Texas.
Park defeated opponent Edward Winter by over 300,000 votes.
He served two non-consecutive terms as Governor of Mississippi.
After retiring from politics, Crane returned to his roots, remaining active in the field of education.
U.S. President Andrew Johnson appointed Hunt as the new Governor of the Territory of Colorado on April 24, 1867.
He was succeeded by Chief Ikedi Ohakim on May 29, 2007.
Harrison was one of eight Reed children.
As governor, Turner helped establish the state turnpike system and college board of regents and oversaw the end of segregation in Oklahoma's higher education system.
In 2010, he left Lakas-Kampi-CMD and joined the Liberal Party and became the party's Bicol regional chair.
The country house was largely built in the 1740s for the 1st Earl.
He was indicted by the Inquisition on thirty-three counts of malfeasance and the practice of Judaism in 1660.
Sullivan was a political partisan, supporting the Democratic-Republican Party and subscribing to Jeffersonian republican ideals.
He was the first Deputy Governor of Rivers State, serving from 1979 to 1983 under Governor Melford Okilo.
14, elected May 1, 1732, son-in-law Peter Stretch II, member No.
In 1672 he moved with his troops to Veere.
Arthur Fenner served as the fourth Governor of Rhode Island from 1790 until his death in 1805.
Let's make it better for all of us.
He served as the 27th Governor of Michigan from 1911 to 1913.
He later earned a doctorate in criminal law.
José de Gálvez, on tour of the missions, had ordered such harsh punishment to the native neophytes that Armona had Loreto locked down at the news.
William Wyatt Bibb was a United States Senator from Georgia and the first Governor of the U.S. state of Alabama.
Dudley was a devout Puritan who was opposed to religious views not conforming with his.
He was the Vice-President of the Bharatiya Janata Party from 1991 to 1994.
He also played a leading role in the passage of the Judiciary Act of 1789, which established the federal court system.
He was re-elected to the 81st Congress and served from September 9, 1947, to January 3, 1951.
Archibald Yell was an American politician who served as the U.S. Representative from Arkansas from 1836 to 1839, and 1845 to 1846.
He was appointed to this post by U.S. President George W. Bush.
The Museo Laberinto de las Ciencias y de las Artes, an interactive museum for children and teens, was also built during his governorship.
She was appointed deputy governor in 1992.
Albin Walter Norblad, Sr., was a prominent citizen of Astoria, Oregon, United States, and the 19th Governor of Oregon from 1929 to 1931.
Sir Arthur Leonard Williams GCMG was a British politician who was General Secretary of the Labour Party during the 1960s.
While governor, Mecham became known for statements and actions that were widely perceived as insensitive to minorities.
At the end of a long life of service, he became admiral shortly before his death.
Briggs died of an accidental gunshot wound at his home in Pittsfield, Massachusetts.
He played parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball for the Boston Beaneaters in 1901 and 1902.
By 1960, Nunes was the commander of the Zona Militar Norte, based in Recife.
Later, political opponents would mock his trade, giving him the nickname "Old Stone Hammer."
Leche was the first Louisiana chief executive to be imprisoned.
Kewalram Ratanmal Malkani was a journalist, historian and politician associated with the Bharatiya Janata Party.
He served as the 43rd Governor of Vermont and a United States Senator.
His mother was Ann Carroll, whose brother John Carroll was the first Catholic Bishop appointed for the United States.
He was appointed a judge on the United States Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals in 1966 and served until his death in 1970 in Cheyenne, Wyoming.
Levi Knight Fuller was the 44th Governor of Vermont from 1892 to 1894.
In August 1998 he said that citizens of Anambra State feared the anti-crime task force as much as they feared criminals.
He died September 19, 1830 and was buried in his family's cemetery.
Pickens was the son of the well-known American Revolutionary general Andrew Pickens.
They were the parents of seven children.
A member of the Democratic Party, he served as governor from 1951 to 1955.
On its second day in session, the Illinois General Assembly elected Edwards to the U.S. Senate, where conflict with rivals damaged him politically.
He served as the 37th Governor of Michigan from 1939 to 1941.
In November 2007, the ANPP declared that the purported suspension of Ewang, its governorship candidate for Akwa Ibom State in the 2007 general elections, was illegal.
He served as the 42nd Governor of Massachusetts from 1905 until 1906.
John Taylor Gilman was a farmer, shipbuilder and statesman from Exeter, New Hampshire.
Jacob Leisler was a German-born colonist in the Province of New York.
Landelino Rafael Bandeira Arze was appointed his interim successor by President Evo Morales and assumed office as prefect on 20 September 2008.
Arthur Lloyd Thomas was Governor of Utah Territory from 1889 to 1893.
His projects were influential in helping turn the South Platte River valley into an important agricultural region in the state's economy.
He graduated in 1929 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Animal Husbandry, and later took some graduate courses at Colorado State University.
In the fall of 1812 he was admitted to the bar at Kaskaskia.
Omeruo dealt unsuccessfully with major challenges, and was subject to considerable criticism during his term in office.
I will try to bring unity to all tribes.
Thomas Penn's mother was his father's second wife, Hannah Callowhill Penn, daughter of Thomas Callowhill.
The village of Matteson, Illinois is named in his honor.
Because of his role as speaker, his signature was affixed to many documents protesting British policies, leading officials in London to consider him a dangerous radical.
Sir Ferdinando Gorges was a naval and military commander and governor of the important port of Plymouth in England.
During his term as Territorial Governor, he was an alleged member of the infamous Montana Vigilantes, and was reputedly among its founders.
Eduardo Alfredo Fellner is an Argentine Justicialist Party politician, currently President of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies and governor of Jujuy Province for two terms.
He was a deputy national president of the National Council of Nigeria and the Cameroons in the late 1940s and early 1950s.
John Motley Morehead was the 29th Governor of the U.S. state of North Carolina from 1841 to 1845.
Julio León Heredia is a Venezuelan politician and the current governor of Yaracuy.
When he was elected, Ariyoshi became the first American of Asian descent to be elected governor of a state of the United States.
He was the federal interventor in the state of São Paulo nominated by Brazilian dictator Getúlio Vargas, serving between 1938 and 1941.
Latibeaudiere also serves as Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Bank of Jamaica and is Jamaica's Alternate Governor to the International Monetary Fund.
In September 2009 he was appointed chairman of the board of the Federal Psychiatric Hospital, Calabar.
However, he never practiced law and instead became proprietor and editor of the Lewiston, Maine Journal, holding this post for more than twenty years.
Alonso de Sotomayor y Valmediano was a Spanish conquistador from Extremadura, and a Royal Governor of Chile.
After a career in public housing in Washington, DC and New York City, he was appointed as chief executive of Washington, D.C. in 1967.
Born in Dorchester, Gardner was a dry goods merchant from Boston active in the local Whig Party in the early 1850s.
He was the 24th governor of Oklahoma from 1991 to 1995.
He completed his secondary education in Ihdad High school located in Rodat distract, Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan
When television came, he set up WMUR-TV in 1954.
O'Brien also unsuccessfully sought the office of Minnesota Secretary of State.
He enjoyed success running many publications before being appointed Governor by President Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1960.
He was President of the Chamber of Deputies of Mexico from 2008 to 2009, and he was Governor of Chihuahua for the period 2010 to 2016.
He was the 86th Governor of Connecticut from 1995 to 2004; as a politician, he was a member of the Republican Party.
James Bernard Longley, Sr. was an American politician.
Jean-Paul Mascarene was a Lieutenant-Governor of Nova Scotia and commander of the 40th Regiment of Foot from 1740 to 1749.
Mojtahed Shabestari is a member of Ahl Al-Bayt World Assembly.
George Morton Pitt was a Madras-born British politician and administrator who served as the President of Fort St George from 1730 to 1735.
The case was referred to the Attorney General and Badr was sentenced to prison for two months.
Lucky holds a BSc from University of Wyoming, Laramie and an MBA from The Jackson State University, Mississippi in the United States of America.
Frank Leroy Farrar is an American politician who was the 24th Governor of South Dakota.
Rodríguez Barrera began his career as a lawyer.
Baldwin, a conservative Republican, was elected governor of Connecticut in 1938 during a Republican landslide.
Foster McGowan Voorhees was an American Republican Party politician, who served as the 30th Governor of New Jersey from 1899 to 1902.
Murgas was also appointed Governor of the Department of Cesar between August 22, 1970 and June 17, 1971.
The settlement presented to coal operators by Hatfield and the UMWA was staunchly opposed by local Socialists.
He was elected National Deputy for Córdoba Province for second non-sequent term in 2011.
José Marín de Velasco was a Governor of Chiloé in the early 18th century.
Lloyd H. Wood was the 20th Lieutenant Governor of Pennsylvania from 1951 to 1955.
From 1951 through 1953, he was Governor John S. Fine's Secretary of Forests & Water.
He was also the Governor of Benue State from 29 May 1999 to 29 May 2007.
Don Martín García Óñez de Loyola was a Spanish Basque soldier and Royal Governor of the Captaincy General of Chile.
Born in 1831 in Canterbury, Connecticut, the son of a prosperous Connecticut farmer and graduate of a private academy, Austin taught school briefly before studying law.
Continued resistance to British policy resulted in the 1773 Boston Tea Party and the coming of the American Revolution.
On 1 May 1777 he was appointed the head of the military court of police and on 17 July the superintendent of all imports and exports.
Howell became a member of the Schuylkill Fishing Company, member No.
Both Alperovich and Rojkés have been close allies of presidents Nestor Kirchner and Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner.
He served as Professor of Fortifications at Royal Military Academy, Woolwich, Commanding Royal Engineer of Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Commanding Royal Engineer at Chatham Dockyard.
In 1919 George Hill was involved in the organization of the Jefferson County National Bank.
He received his law degree from the Southern Methodist College of Law in 1940.
His leadership put conservation of forests high on America's priority list.
After completing his term, Craig retired from public service.
Edmund Montague was the Acting Governor of Fort St George from 17 October 1709 to 18 November 1709.
He also gave the University the Morehead Planetarium, later renamed the Morehead Planetarium and Science Center.
Alfred Walton Hinds was a United States Navy captain who served as the 17th Naval Governor of Guam.
Following the Confederate secession in 1861, Lubbock won the governorship of Texas.
He was given additional responsibility of the administration of Puducherry from July 2014 to May 2016.
In 1872, he was elected mayor but could not take office until January 1873 because of the refusal of the Republican mayor to vacate the office.
Ortega Martinez was previously director of the Autonomous University of Guerrero.
In April 2009 he went into hiding after being charged with corruption allegedly committed while Governor.
Henry Bertrand Price was a United States Navy Captain who served as the 30th Naval Governor of Guam.
A Whig, he was elected the state's 21st governor, serving a single term from 1853 to 1854.
From 1973 she was a student activist and from 1976, following the military coup, she was detained without trial until 1978.
After the war, he went to Norway to learn about politics before returning home to Minnesota.
He served as the 77th Governor of New Hampshire from 1993 to 1997.
Vilma Santos-Recto, commonly known as Ate Vi, is a Filipino actress and politician.
Samuel Aaron Baker was an American teacher and Republican politician from Missouri.
Mohammad Jan Abdullah Wardak was an Afghan politician and former Mujahideen commander.
He is a member of 4th and 5th Assembly of Experts from the West Azerbaijan electorate.
Following his removal from office, Mecham remained active in politics for nearly a decade.
This played out with the results of the third ballot never being announced; Yates was then nominated on the fourth.
He was arrested and accused of arrogant behavior.
Before election to the Senate, he was General Manager, Special Duties, Nigerian Ports Authority and a Company Chairman.
Richard Yates Jr. was the 22nd Governor of Illinois from 1901 to 1905 — the first native-born governor of the state.
He entered public service in 1983, when he was named Public Health Secretary to the Mayor of Lanús, Manuel Quindimil.
His son Javad Mojtahed Shabestari is member of the Assembly of Experts from the West Azerbaijan.
It is one of only two geographical locations in New Zealand to have the name Tasman gave them.
Emanuel Willis Wilson was the seventh Governor of West Virginia in 1884.
He served more than two years in the Continental Congress in Philadelphia, and as president of Congress, was the first to sign the Declaration of Independence.
Before he has been Governor of Faryab, Governor of Sar-e Pol and Governor of Samangan.
Zamora was re-elected governor in 2008 with 85% of the vote.
Delia Beatriz Bisutti is an Argentine centre-left politician, currently a member of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies representing Buenos Aires.
In March 2009 he became chairman of the Council of municipal formations of Kaliningrad Oblast.
He earned bachelor's and master's degrees from Dartmouth College and, upon moving to Mankato at age 21, became principal of its high school.
George Sewall Boutwell was an American politician, lawyer, and statesman from Massachusetts.
Edwards won an unlikely 1826 election to become Governor of Illinois.
He was appointed to the position by the government on 1 July 2006.
He was a major financial sponsor of William Kidd, whose privateering was later deemed to have descended into piracy.
He was the last Spanish viceroy of Peru to exercise effective power.
He was a Chilean creole and had a career as a soldier under the Spanish Empire after he amassed a fortune in commerce.
Tarisa was an assistant governor of the BoT and is the first female governor in the bank's 64-year history.
He used his influence to ensure that Massachusetts ratified the United States Constitution in 1788.
Benjamin Smith was the 16th Governor of the U.S. state of North Carolina from 1810 to 1811.
His final act of service was to cast a vote in 1933, against repeal of the 18th Amendment.
As governor, Kibbey was a leader in the effort to prevent Arizona and New Mexico territories from being combined into a single U.S. state.
He died in 1929 in Honolulu, Hawaii.
Augustus Williamson Bradford, a Democrat, was the 32nd Governor of Maryland in the United States from 1862 to 1866.
He was born in Newfoundland prior to its becoming a Canadian province.
He stated; "What got the military out of power was not democracy but the dreadful state of the economy.
He is a member of the ruling People's Democratic Party.
During Oklahoma's constitutional convention, Haskell succeeded in pushing for the inclusion of prohibition and blocking the inclusion of women's suffrage in the Oklahoma Constitution.
Narciso Agúndez Montaño is a former Mexican politician and former governor of Baja California Sur.
Allen Ingvar Olson is an American Republican politician and attorney who served as the 28th Governor of North Dakota from 1981 to 1985.
He died in Los Angeles in 1944.
While there, he was elected student president of the law school.
During his first year in office, Del Sesto set a record by vetoing ninety-eight pieces of legislation passed by a Democratic-controlled state legislature.
He died of a heart attack in the United States on 25 November 2008.
A native of Indiana, he joined the Army during the Mexican-American War and then prospected during the California Gold Rush.
Joseph Elvin "J. Ebb" Duncan was an American politician from the U.S. state of Georgia.
Mamman Bello Ali was Nigerian Senator for Yobe South senatorial district.
In 1974 he joined the law firm of Beer and Boltz, in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan.
Trumbull College at Yale, the town of Trumbull, Connecticut and Trumbull County, Ohio, once part of the Connecticut Western Reserve, are named after him.
Pickens championed the construction of roads and canals.
A member of the Oklahoma Legislature, he went on to become both the 18th and 23rd governor of Oklahoma and a two-term United States Senator.
Despite his involvement in challenging increasingly harsh British measures leading up to the American Revolution, Lowndes opposed armed rebellion and independence from Britain.
On September 14, 1846, Dupré died and was buried in Opelousas.
Albert Edward Mead was the fifth Governor of Washington, serving in that position from 1905 to 1909.
He was governor of Chile, viceroy of Río de la Plata, and viceroy of Peru.
His official portrait was painted by artist Michele Rushworth and hangs in the state capitol in Cheyenne, Wyoming.
He officially took office in Wallis and Futuna on September 8, 2008.
In his defense, Garba Nadama said that N500,000 of the money had been donated to a mosque appeal fund.
He was the fourth Governor of Oregon, represented Oregon in the United States House of Representatives, and served one term in the United States Senate.
Moore heads Mike Moore Law Firm LLC in Jackson, Mississippi.
Miles Benjamin McSweeney was the 87th Governor of South Carolina from June 2, 1899, to January 20, 1903.
Sauvé was born in Saskatchewan and educated in Ottawa and Paris, prior to working as a journalist for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
Juan Ponce de León II was the first person to be born in Puerto Rico who served as acting governor of the island.
Pedro Gutiérrez de Valdivia or Valdiva was a Spanish conquistador and the first royal governor of Chile.
As part of the reform movement in state politics stemming from the Sharpstown scandal, Briscoe won election as governor in 1972.
His father, Edward H. Rollins, had represented New Hampshire in the United States Senate.
Mauricio de Zuñiga was a Spanish military officer who served as governor of West Florida from 1812 to 1813, and again in 1816.
Colquitt defended the actions of the Texas Rangers who allegedly crossed into Mexico in pursuit of the body of Clemente Vergara in March 1914.
For most of the last term he was acting governor after Governor John Davis resigned to take a seat in the United States Senate.
LeRoy S. Zimmerman is a former Pennsylvania Attorney General.
He had also been a commissioner of Fort Pierre.
Rogelio Montemayor Seguy is a Mexican politician and economist who served as the Governor of Coahuila from December 1, 1993, to November 30, 1999.
With the failure of the conference and the secession of North Carolina, Morehead served in the Confederate Congress.
Franklin Herbert Lichtenwalter was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
He was a member of the now-defunct Social Democratic Party and served as governor from January 1992 until November 1993.
Omehia was declared the winner of the Rivers State gubernatorial election of 2007, held on 14 April 2007, despite wide scale vote rigging and violence.
His former home in the Gramercy Park Historic District in New York City houses now the National Arts Club.
Lin's forceful opposition to the opium trade was a primary catalyst for the First Opium War.
He was elected as a delegate to the Continental Congress, November 17, 1779, but declined to serve on December 25, 1779.
Pierre Derbigny also led a movement to establish the College of Orleans and served as Regent.
Carrillo was a Californio, one of the first children born at the Presidio of Santa Barbara.
Born in Darien, Georgia he attended private schools in Georgia and Connecticut, and served briefly in the Confederate Army.
Mariano Riva Palacio was a prominent Mexican politician and lawyer during most of the 19th century.
He served as a United States Senator from 1971 to 1989 and as Governor of Florida from 1991 to 1998.
He was succeeded by Robert L. Williams.
There he opened the first general store and started the first Sunday school.
Abdul Qadir Fitrat  was governor of Da Afghanistan Bank who fled to the United States and is now wanted by the Afghani government.
Other than this he will always be remembered for introducing Chartered Aircraft from Chennai, Kolkata on regular basis.
Aaron Peña, Jr., is a former member of the Texas House of Representatives.
In 1862, he was recommended by Zeng Guofan to serve as the provincial governor of Zhejiang Province.
Miguel Angel Marini was de facto Governor of Córdoba, Argentina from February 2, 1979 to March 8, 1979.
He left for the Indies in 1627 as Upperbuyer on the Dutch Coromandel.
Governor Elbert served until June 19, 1874, when his predecessor, Edward Moody McCook, was reappointed Governor.
Metcalfe's predecessor, Joseph Desha was so stunned by his party's loss that he threatened not to vacate the governor's mansion.
In May 2000, he introduced Sharia law in Niger State.
After giving up his post, he was found to have misappropriated public funds, arrested, and exiled to Manila.
He was the first and so far only New York governor to be impeached.
He was transferred in 1961 to the Federal Territory of Amapá as the territory's Security Secretary.
Gayle served in the United States House of Representatives from 1847 to 1849.
Enrique de Olavide y Michelena was the Governor of New Mexico and the island of Guam.
He is an Iranian politician, a former member of the Iranian parliament.
The Red Guards destroyed his tomb in 1966 during the Cultural Revolution; his remains were later rediscovered in 2007.
He also went on to serve in three different companies during that battle, resulting in him being mustered out on July 16, 1865.
He was an excellent golf player, winning several tournaments.
Colonel Anthony Ochefu was provost-marshal in 1975 when he was one of the leaders of the coup that overthrew General Yakubu Gowon on 29 July 1975.
He is a member of the 7th and 9th Islamic Consultative Assembly from the electorate of Meyaneh with Mohammad Ali Madadi.
Green Clay Smith was a United States soldier and politician.
Omar completed two years of a four-year engineering program at Polytechnical University of Kabul.
Hiland Hall was an American lawyer and politician who served as Governor of Vermont and a United States Representative.
George Akume is a Nigerian politician who is a Senator of the Federal Republic of Nigeria.
He was the seventeenth governor of Colorado.
He was the first gubernatorial candidate in the state's history to be chosen by a nominating convention rather than a caucus.
When the American Civil War began, Mitchell resigned from his post as Florida Attorney General and enlisted in the Confederate States Army.
Afterward, he was elected to the US Congress again, serving two more terms from 1839 until 1843.
Humberto Moreira Valdés is a Mexican politician who served as President of the Institutional Revolutionary Party.
Hadi Gharaseyyed Romiani is an Iranian judge and politician.
He was the party's candidate for president in the April 2007 general election.
Senator and as the 23rd Governor of Wyoming, the first born in the state.
He advocated for environmentally and fiscally responsible government and individual civic responsibility.
Ejercito Estregan, is a Filipino actor and was the Governor of Laguna.
Though he originally served as an Engineering Duty Officer, he eventually stopped being a Restricted Line Officer, and retired from the Navy as a Commodore.
He supported many charitable causes, and promoted the development of the village Newtonville, where his country estate was located.
Three years later, Chiles entered politics with a successful bid for the Florida House of Representatives in 1958, as a member of Democratic Party.
She won as Representative of the Lone District of Lipa, Batangas in the 2016 elections.
Jay Bowerman was an American politician who served as the 13th Governor of Oregon.
He died in 1961 in Honolulu, Hawaiʻi and is buried at Oahu Cemetery.
He owned a boat, and in 1671 he was paid four pounds for services rendered with the craft.
Mieko Yoshimura is governor of Yamagata Prefecture, Japan.
Gen. Mason is especially important to the history of California, because as military governor, he wrote the official report that led to the California Gold Rush.
Mohammed Abdullahi Abubakar is the present governor of Bauchi State, Nigeria.
He also served as Director and Vice President of the First National Bank of Springfield.
Henry Hastings Sibley was the first Governor of the U.S. state of Minnesota and a U.S. Representative of the Minnesota Territory and the Wisconsin Territory.
Kim Doo-kwan is a South Korean Democratic United Party politician and former civil servant, the present governor of South Gyeongsang Province.
Finally winning the Democratic nomination, he was elected governor in the 1912 general election.
Parker was elected in 1917 along with Governor Moses Alexander.
He was killed outside his home by gunmen on 21 November 2010.
After the Boxer Rebellion, partly because there were few surviving officials of ability and experience, he became a close advisor to the Empress Dowager.
He served as Governor from 1966 until 1971.
His first three election victories were as a representative of the Movement for Socialism.
He began his diplomatic mission Ambassador of Mexico to Italy on January 18, 2016.
He previously served as Secretary of Water Resources during the government of Luis Echeverría.
[1] During this period, an estimated 80,000 Balinese were killed, roughly 5 percent of the island's population at the time.[2].
Prior to his election as governor, he held a seat in the Senate, representing his home state.
Also a writer, he published in a variety of genres.
Rosana Andrea Bertone is an Argentine politician and the current Governor of Tierra del Fuego Province, having entered office the 10th December 2015.
Fleming was a Confederate soldier and lawyer before he became governor.
He founded San Antonio, the first Spanish civilian settlement in Texas.
The US subsequently announced it would not make concessions to hostage takers.
Arturo O'Neill de Tyrone y O'Kelly was an Irish-born Spanish colonel who served the Spanish crown as governor of several places in New Spain.
For seventeen years Hill served in various positions in this enterprise.
He moved to Minneapolis in 1872 and was elected to the city council eleven years later and then to the Minnesota Senate.
In 1856 Roberts ran for and won a position on the Texas Supreme Court.
His Minister of State is the son of late Shehu Musa Yar'Adua, Alhaji Murtala Shehu Yar'Adua.
Roberto Romero was an Argentine Justicialist Party politician and businessman.
Fanning was appointed lieutenant governor of Nova Scotia not long after his arrival, and helped oversee the resettlement of other Loyalist refugees in the province.
Shehu was Delta State Commissioner of Police, and filled in after the elected governor had been dismissed until Colonel Bassey Asuquo was appointed administrator.
He is Special Counsel to the President of Rutgers University,  and was formerly Dean of Rutgers School of Law–Newark.
Gairdner died in Nedlands, at the age of 84, and was awarded a state funeral.
Lovelace was granted £1600 by a revenue bill on 5 May 1709.
He studied medicine and practiced first in Freneau, and afterwards in Freehold, about 1765.
Marin was instrumental in the destruction of the Nationalist party and its efforts to gain independence.
Marland and his first wife Virginia did not have any children.
For many years it was known as either the Dummer Academy or the Governor Dummer Academy, but is now called The Governor's Academy.
Lee was the father of Civil War-era Confederate general Robert E. Lee.
Mónica Haydée Fein is an Argentine biochemist and Socialist Party politician elected Mayor of Rosario in 2011.
He returned to the Academy on staff before serving as the first commanding officer of USS Tingey.
He and his wife, Jo Ann, had four children.
Lydia Nāmāhāna Kekuaipiʻia was a wife of King Kamehameha I of Hawaii.
His battalion was then used as a spearhead in the seaborne landing and capture of Calabar.
In 1635, at the age of 19, he sailed from England on the ship Elizabeth and Ann with his older brother Robert.
Udofia said that N1 billion would be needed to rehabilitate the schools.
Paul Bergrin was a lawyer who practiced in Newark, New Jersey.
His term ended in 2009 without the possibility of reelection.
Lucky Nosakhare Igbinedion was the governor of Edo State in Nigeria from 29 May 1999 to 29 May 2007.
José María Clemente "Joey" Salceda is a Filipino politician and the current Representative of Albay's 2nd District in the Philippine House of Representatives.
He later became one of the nation's foremost trial lawyers, representing thousands of injured persons in precedent-setting cases and mentoring several generations of young attorneys.
Donahey was the 50th Governor of Ohio and a United States Senator from Ohio.
Jum Jainudin Akbar was a Filipino politician who had served two terms as provincial governor of Basilan.
He saved the public buildings of Santa Fe, including the governor's house, when the city was flooded.
He died in Springfield and is interred in Oak Ridge Cemetery in Springfield.
When Cullom resigned after election to the United States Senate, Hamilton became Governor of Illinois.
Charles Miller Croswell was the 17th Governor of the US state of Michigan from 1877 to 1881.
The veto is significant, in light of the Chicago press of the day.
He stayed active in public service, serving as chair of the Republican State Central Committee from 1910 to 1914, and again from 1931 to 1934.
Robert Donald Blue was the 30th Governor of Iowa from 1945 to 1949.
He was a member of 3rd and 4th Assembly of Experts of Iran.
Andrew Jackson Faulk was an American politician.
The city of Carlinville, Illinois is named in his honor.
He served as the tenth Lieutenant Governor of Idaho from 1907 to 1909 during the administration of Governor Frank R. Gooding.
He was a long serving United States federal judge.
He ran successfully for reelection on 26 April 2011.
His administration was overshadowed by corruption scandals, but no charges against him made it to trial.
He previously served as governor of Albay province in the Philippines.
He was the 57th Governor of the U.S. state of Mississippi, from 1976 to 1980.
However, Bamiyan remains one of the poorest and most under-developed provinces of Afghanistan, with a litany of problems including high rates of illiteracy and poverty.
John Brough was a War Democrat politician from Ohio.
He was sworn into office on September 15, 2010.
After leaving office, he served on the Federal Atomic Safety and Licensing Board and was president of the Federation of Rocky Mountain States, an educational foundation.
He is the first American Samoan governor to serve to two non-consecutive terms.
At the Democrats' 4th District nominating convention February 10, 2017, he narrowly lost to James Thompson.
He was the 14th Governor of New Jersey.
He was elected governor of Colorado in November and served one term from 1907 until 1909, while continuing to handle his duties as chancellor.
Lorenzo Dow Lewelling was the 12th Governor of Kansas.
He served as the third Governor of Montana from 1897 to 1901.
He studied at Yale University and New York University School of Law, and became an attorney in New York City in 1841.
She transferred her powers back to Obi three months later when an appeal court nullified the impeachment.
While serving as a Soldier in the Spanish army in 1782, José Antonio Roméu led a retaliatory action after the Quechan Yuma Massacre of 1781.
In 2006 it came to light that the Drug Enforcement Administration of the United States had considered Romero the likely head of a major drug cartel.
Dr. Aja-Nwachukwu graduated from the university of Ibadan with a B.Sc in statistics, holds an MBA Finance an M.Sc Statistics and a Ph.D in Economics.
A veteran of the American Revolution, he had previously served in the legislature of the Southwest Territory, and as Speaker of the Tennessee Senate.
The fledgling Rhode Island colony needed an agent in England, so he remained there for more than a decade handling the colony's interests.
Knighted in 1971, Hannah concluded his three-year appointment as CAS a year early, in March 1972, to become Governor of Queensland.
Two years later, Hubbard moved to St. Paul and then to Minneapolis, where he died at 77.
But, from this point forward, he became a militant anti-slavery and pro-union activist.
Gorton refused to answer a summons following the complaints of two Indian sachems about being unfairly treated in a land transaction.
Diana Beatriz Conti is an Argentine lawyer and politician.
Eben Sumner Draper was an American businessman and politician from Massachusetts.
She is the first and only woman to have been a high commissioner to French Polynesia to date.
He served as the 12th Lieutenant Governor of Idaho.
Lewis Eliphalet Parsons was the appointed provisional and 19th Governor of Alabama from June to December, 1865, following the American Civil War.
Being fiscally minded, he was elected to the office of general treasurer in 1733, to which office he continued until 1744.
Jacob Holgate was a businessman, member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, and served as speaker of the House in 1815.
Samuel Dinsmoor Jr. was an American lawyer, banker, politician, and thirtieth Governor of New Hampshire.
Frank Swett Black was an American newspaper editor, lawyer and politician.
In 2005, he created a special reserve fund for the state meant to ‘‘hedge against economic downturn, and the inevitable rainy day’’.
Williams is the only former Grenadian governor-general who was active in politics prior to his appointment.
Born in Eddyville, Kentucky, he served as the first and seventh Governor of Colorado from 1876 to 1879 and 1891 to 1893.
He was born in Maracaibo, Zulia and graduated in Law from the University of Zulia.
Sir Ronald Hibbert Cross, 1st Baronet KCMG KCVO PC was a British politician and diplomat.
He grandauted from LaSalle College, and served in the United States Marine Corps from 1916 to 1917.
Arturo Núñez Jiménez is a Mexican politician affiliated with the PRD who currently acts as Governor of Tabasco.
Duke has been praised for his contributions to the fields of agriculture, urban development, government, environment, information and communication, investment drive, and tourism.
He was declared winner of the 11 April 2015 Katsina State Governorship election, defeating his arch-rival Musa Nashuni; anointed candidate of incumbent Shema.
He occupied the charge of governor of New Mexico twice.
Clarence Alfred Bottolfsen was a politician from Idaho, a member of the Idaho Republican Party.
Ross Robert Barnett was the Governor of Mississippi from 1960 to 1964.
As Commanding Officer of 29 Battalion, he allegedly supplied arms to killer squads who eliminated other opponents of General Sani Abacha.
The Franciscans promoted a revolt of the citizens of New Mexico against him.
Lincoln Carter Almond is an American attorney, politician and member of the Republican Party.
Penelope Anne "Penny" Wensley AC is a former Australian public servant, who was the Governor of Queensland from 2008 to 2014.
Winant also served as US Ambassador to the United Kingdom during most of World War II.
Pavate went to Cambridge to study M.A in mathematics and earned Mathematical Tripos Wrangler.
He was elected three consecutive times, but died early in his third term.
She was elected Vice-Governor of the Province alongside Adolfo Rodríguez Saá in 1999.
Instead, his most notable legislation was the "county option bill," a restriction on liquor sales that pleased prohibition advocates.
He was also active on the Board of Visitors of Virginia Military Institute.
She was previously a member of the Riksdag for the Green Party from 1988 to 1991, and from 1994 to 2002.
His office challenged the legality of the Kimball State House Act and made an extremely controversial extraterritorial interpretation of the Rector Antitrust Act.
During the rule of his predecessor, Sir Edward Winter, he was imprisoned on suspicion of having made utterances against King Charles II.
Olafemi was born in the Mopa-Muro Local Government Area of Kogi State.
During his two short terms the British were fighting the French, and a good part of the war was being carried out in the American colonies.
In 1977, some properties he owned in Ilorin were seized, not to be returned until 26 years later in May 2003.
He was an ally of Ismail Khan and a member of the Jamiat-e Islami party.
He was Assassinated by People's Mujahedin of Iran, when praying in Tabriz after Mohammad-Ali Ghazi-Tabatabaei.
He held that position until 27 April 2007, when the Supreme Court ordered the reinstatement of Dariye with immediate effect.
In 1911 he was elected in the Idaho House of Representatives.
Christopher Gore was a prominent Massachusetts lawyer, Federalist politician, and U.S. diplomat.
He was a lawyer, state representative, military governor of Texas, as well as the 11th Governor of Texas during Reconstruction.
He lobbied for public education, militia and prison reforms, business subsidies, and legislation favorable to the state's large debtor class.
Oscar Kelly Allen Sr., also known as O. K. Allen, was the 42nd Governor of Louisiana from 1932 to 1936.
Marland, including components of the New Deal.
Peleg Sanford was an early governor of the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, serving three consecutive terms from 1680 to 1683.
He returned to Minnesota to complete his education, earning a degree in finance.
Marshal for the new Territory of Colorado.
He was then the first Governor of Tasmania, from 1855 until 1861.
George Craig Ludlow was an American Democratic Party politician, who served as the 25th Governor of New Jersey from 1881 to 1884.
Pablo Morillo y Morillo, Count of Cartagena and Marquess of La Puerta, a.k.a.
Burns was born in Montana and soon became a resident of Hawaii in 1923.
Case died on September 3, 1961, in Somerville, New Jersey, where he resided after retiring.
Hutchinson sailed from England to New England in 1634 with his large family.
In March 2010, the House of Assembly passed a law to award Barka a lifetime pension for his service as governor.
In April 2011 he was elected Senator for Plateau Central on the Labour Party platform.
He was elected to the state House of Commons on August 14, 1817 and served a single one-year term.
Easton's Beach and Easton's Point in Newport are named for him.
Victoria Analía Donda Pérez is an Argentine human rights activist and legislator.
He was also a member of the Supreme Military Council.
This forced retirement sparked outrage from many, and led to letters and marches of protest.
Upon his final retirement, Poyer had reached the rank of commander.
Nāmāhāna Piʻia also served as Governor of Oahu.
He was the 13th Governor of Minnesota from January 31, 1895 to January 2, 1899.
John Geddes was the 47th Governor of South Carolina from 1818 to 1820.
He returned to Santiago del Estero as President of the Supreme Justice Tribunal from 1994 to 1995.
Jamaludin Badr is the former Governor of Nuristan Province, Afghanistan.
After a lengthy fight, Vroom and the four other Democrats were seated in place of the Whigs.
Herman Henry Taylor was a Republican politician from Idaho.
Having already helped form the policies of the previous governor, Hinds continued much of the practices of the earlier administration.
During 2004 he also served as a representative of Mexico to the Central American Parliament.
Rattín still remains as one of the greatest idols of Boca Juniors, the only club where he played for 15 years, winning 5 titles.
In 1930, Meadows won in his first run for elective office, as he entered the West Virginia House of Delegates for a single term.
He began his political career serving as the county clerk of Logan County in Oklahoma Territory.
He was replaced by his alternate, Noemí Zoila Guzmán Lagunes.
He also a member of the United States House of Representatives, serving Maryland's third Congressional district from 1845 until 1849.
Before the American Revolution, Hancock was one of the wealthiest men in the Thirteen Colonies, having inherited a profitable mercantile business from his uncle.
He is a member of the 9th Islamic Consultative Assembly from the electorate of Zanjan and Tarom with Mohsen Alimardani.
William Erskine Stevenson was an American cabinet-maker, farmer, and Republican politician from Parkersburg, West Virginia.
He was a moderately progressive Republican who sought to counteract the influence of money in politics.
After he had left office, violence broke out between the Atyap and Hausa people in Zangon Kataf in 1992 which eventually led to several hundred deaths.
The letter appointing Camarena governor, dated 23 December 1637, enjoined him to observe secrecy about the massacre.
In retirement, he lived in Anna Maria, Florida.
He was married twice, but had no children.
His remains were cremated at 31 Poniente.
Finally he did the postgraduate level at Central University of Venezuela.
Juan Durán de Miranda was a soldier who served as governor of New Mexico in the 1600s.
William Haile was an American merchant, manufacturer and politician who served as Governor of New Hampshire.
At that time, the university had debts of around $175,000 and faced the possibility of foreclosure on its mortgages.
His parents moved back to Colleton County after the war, but Heyward lived with his grandmother when his parents died shortly thereafter.
Lowndes was first elected to the Royal Assembly, the colonial legislature, in 1749.
In 1644 he moved to Eastham, which he helped found, returning later to Plymouth.
Samuel Walker McCall was a Republican lawyer, politician, and writer from Massachusetts.
After several terms in the state legislature, Eustis won election to the United States Congress in 1800, serving as a moderate Democratic-Republican.
He announced that the United States should annex all of Mexico.
Enrique White was an Irish-born Spanish soldier who served as Governor of West Florida and of East Florida.
Hatfield was born in Logan County on September 15, 1875.
John Hancock was an American merchant, statesman, and prominent Patriot of the American Revolution.
Benjamin Barker Odell Jr. was an American businessman and politician who served as the 34th Governor of New York from 1901 to 1904.
Nathaniel Pitcher was an American lawyer and politician who served as the eighth Governor of New York from February 11 to December 31, 1828.
He also exemplified loyalty in an era of chaos, but is also regarded as a precursor to the rise of warlordism.
Delbar Jan Arman, also Dilbar Jan Arman Shinwari is a politician from Jaji Maidan district of Khost, Afghanistan.
Joshua Chibi Dariye assumed office as the Governor of Plateau State, Nigeria on May 29, 1999 on the platform of the People's Democratic Party.
He was also the state's first governor to be born in California and the only governor to be born in the state before statehood.
He is originally from Mohammad Agha District of Logar.
In January 2006 he chaired the 3rd Media Trust Annual Dialogue in Abuja.
William was the son of Irish immigrants, and was born in Warren, Pennsylvania.
During his six years as governor, Briscoe presided during a period of reform in state government as Texas's population and commerce boomed.
Richard Coote, 1st Earl of Bellomont, known as The Lord Coote between 1683–89, was a member of the English Parliament and a colonial governor.
Although Del Sesto won a plurality, he didn't become Governor that year.
Jacinto de Barrios Leal y Jáuregui was a Spanish soldier who served as Governor of the Province of Coahuila and Texas.
Remains of the two men were reinterred with honors at the Dutch Reformed Church in Manhattan.
Luis Alberto Ferré Aguayo was a Puerto Rican engineer, industrialist, politician, philanthropist, and a patron of the arts.
Samuel Bell, a brother, was the Governor of New Hampshire from 1819 to 1823.
Crowley ran against Como again in the 2008 special election and beat him.
Walter Dale "Walt" Miller was an American politician with the Republican Party.
Mario Das Neves is an Argentine Justicialist Party politician.
Badger also encouraged the legislature to support President Andrew Jackson's successful efforts to do away with The Second Bank of the United States.
Richard Hampton Vose was an American politician and the 14th Governor of Maine for two days in 1841.
He is the former governor of Nangarhar province in eastern Afghanistan.
Dingley was born in Durham, Maine and attended the common schools at Unity, Maine and Waterville College.
The Royal College of Phoenix was renamed Sir Abdool Raman Osman State College, in late 1996.
Elisha Marshall Pease was a Texas politician.
John Humphrey was an English Puritan and an early funder of the English colonisation of North America.
Adolphe Colrat is a French civil servant who served as the French High Commissioner of the Republic in French Polynesia from 2008 to 2011.
He was detained by the Mexican authorities on 24 May 2012 for embezzlement, and is currently under custody.
Russell also filed an antitrust suit against several fire insurance companies for their business practices.
In November 2000, Yegorov defeated Gorbenko in the election.
León's career in the Venezuelan air force was cut short when León participated in the November 1992 coup attempt against Carlos Andrés Pérez.
Richard Bishop, also known as Richard M. Bishop and Papa Richard, was an American politician from the U.S. state of Ohio.
John Catlin was an American lawyer, politician, public official, and officer within the railroad industry.
John Joseph Hickey was an American politician who served as a U.S.
Pablo Vicente de Solá,, was a Spanish officer and the twelfth and last Spanish colonial governor of Alta California, 1815-1822.
In 2002, he was named to the PoliticsPA list of politically influential individuals.
Juan José Elquezabal was a Spanish and Mexican soldier; and attached inspector of Presidios.
He is known for being kidnapped and murdered by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, and for being kidnapped and held for ransom four times.
Shortly after arriving in Baja, he set out for Sonora to see visitor-general José de Gálvez, and remained absent from Loreto for a year.
He served as the Nigerian Minister of Interior from 2007 to 2009.
He was the state's first elected Hispanic governor, and the first governor born in New Mexico after its annexation by the United States.
He served as the 17th Governor of Iowa and was a Republican candidate in the 1908 presidential election.
Carlos Bernardo Chasseing was de facto Federal Interventor of Córdoba, Argentina from April 12, 1976 to February 2, 1979.
Iglesias had supported fellow UCR member, Julio Cobos, to succeed him as governor in 2003, but they subsequently fell out in a high-profile manner.
During the intrigues leading to General Sani Abacha's assumption of power in November 1993, Brig.
William "Wild Bill" Langer was a prominent US politician from North Dakota.
Everyone charged in connection with the murder was either acquitted or eventually pardoned, and the identity of his assassin remains uncertain.
Peter Norbeck was an American politician from South Dakota.
also Madani was the member of the first term Assembly of Experts from the Hamadan Province electorate.
Chamberlain was commissioned a lieutenant colonel in the 20th Maine Volunteer Infantry Regiment in 1862 and fought at the Battle of Fredericksburg.
2.3 billion and was sentenced for one year.
He was elected as the fourth governor of California from 1856 to 1858, and later appointed justice to the Nevada Supreme Court from 1867 to 1871.
After one two-year term, Manly was defeated in the 1850 election by David S. Reid, whom Manly had defeated in 1848.
Lewelling died in Arkansas City, Kansas, and is interred at Maple Grove Cemetery in Wichita.
The following year he moved to Edwards County, Illinois, acquiring property and involving himself in various businesses in the area of Albion, Illinois.
John Mercer Patton was a nineteenth-century politician and lawyer from Virginia.
He gained a reputation as a fine Parliamentarian while serving in Congress.
She is a former Vice-Governor and Governor of San Luis Province and also former Mayor of San Luis.
He eventually wrote propaganda for the British war effort in the First World War.
At age 16, he was apprenticed to a printer, but health problems caused him to quit.
As things developed, the "Redeemers" imposed a one-party system on the defeated South which lasted for nearly a century.
David Taylor died of a lung condition in 2007.
Sir Edward Youde GCMG GCVO MBE was a British administrator, diplomat and Sinologist.
Ibrahim Hassan Dankwambo is a Nigerian politician who is the Governor of Gombe State
Bellingham is immortalized in Nathaniel Hawthorne's The Scarlet Letter and Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's The New England Tragedies, both of which fictionalize events from colonial days.
Since 19 September 2011 he acts as Governor of Nayarit.
He served in both houses of the New Hampshire General Court and was elected Governor for two terms.
John Jeremiah Jacob was also elected to the West Virginia House of Delegates from Hampshire County in 1868 and from Ohio County in 1893.
Ames was the second to last general officer of the Civil War to die, dying at age 97 in 1933.
Marcos Alberto Covarrubias Villaseñor is a Mexican politician.
He died at his home in Lewes in February 2013.
Richard Charles Dillon was an American politician and the eighth Governor of New Mexico.
Edward Harrison was a British official who served as the President of Madras from 11 July 1711 to 8 January 1717.
He also temporarily ruled the province of Louisiana in 1803.
He was also 37th Governor of the state of Wisconsin from January 4, 1965 - January 4, 1971.
In 2006 he was succeeded by Göran Tunhammar as Governor of Skåne.
In 1830, Dupré was chosen as President of the Senate when Governor Pierre Derbigny died, and Senate President Armand Beauvais assumed the duties of Acting Governor.
Ignacio Lorenzo de Armas was a Spanish politician who served as mayor of San Antonio, Texas in 1738 and 1764.
His pre-gubernatorial positions included service as the Secretary of the Board of Education for Arizona State Teacher's College in Tempe.
As Governor, Flores pushed for increased self-governance in Guam, resigning in 1961.
In the early 1990s he became a relatively successful businessman, graduating in 1999 from the Higher School of Privatization and Entrepreneurship with a specialism in law.
Due to the large debts of Massachusetts, incurred from the Revolutionary War, Bowdoin ran on a platform of fiscal responsibility.
He was a member of the Carrillo family, a Spanish noble house, and was Viceroy of Sicily in 1734–1737.
A native of Illinois, he served in the Oregon State Senate before the governorship, and again after leaving the U.S. House.
He had written that "It is indispensable to be clear about the indispensable objective.
In June 1999, all former military administrators in the Abacha and Abubakar regimes were retired by the Federal Government, including Walter Feghabo.
He was the fourth Lieutenant Governor of Montana from 1901 to 1905.
In this framework, Sabattini was elected Governor of the important Province of Córdoba in 1936.
He also bitterly opposed significant expansion plans by the state colleges and was vocal in his opposition to designating a second state research university.
His business ventures include Michelbobs Championship Ribs restaurants in Naples, Florida and Cochrane Air Service in Cochrane, Ontario, Canada.
He was elected governor in 1908, taking the oath of office on January 5, 1909.
Richard Yates was the Governor of Illinois during the American Civil War and has been considered one of the most effective war governors.
Cristóbal de la Cerda y Sotomayor,; Spanish oidor, lawyer of the Real Audiencia of Chile.
In 1631 he married again, this time to Mrs. Mary Brisbey.
She is the governor of the province of Tierra del Fuego since December 17, 2007.
He was an early owner and editor of the Milwaukee Sentinel in Milwaukee, Wisconsin from December 1837 until May 1842.
Ben Tillman did not have a favorite in the contest, but Heyward was an acceptable choice to him because Heyward favored the Dispensary.
He defeated the incumbent Governor, Jorge Escobar.
He served there until 1881, when he was elected Lieutenant Governor of Illinois on a ticket with Shelby Moore Cullom.
Cradock was a strong supporter of the Parliamentary cause in the years leading up to the English Civil War.
He left his family in the United States after the 9/11 attacks.
Lord Augustus William Frederick Spencer Loftus, GCB, PC was a British diplomat and colonial administrator.
During the war he was a commissary responsible for provisioning the military, a position he used to enrich the family merchant business.
In 1974 he was elected Chairman of the Vancouver Board of Trade.
He served as the 30th Governor of Texas between 1927 and 1931.
From 1865 through 1866 McGill was the editor and proprietor of the St. Peter Tribune.
He won the nomination and the election, serving a single, two-year term as governor.
Both of Wanton's parents were Quakers, and both were public speakers within the denomination.
He was a member of the Democratic Party and the first Catholic Governor of South Dakota.
Reportedly they then went to Lawal's favorites.
However, Vázquez Montes died in a plane crash in February 2005, for which it was necessary to call a third election, which was won by Cavazos.
A portion of the family's farm at the west end of Moscow is now the Palouse Mall.
The John Evans professorships, the highest honors bestowed on faculty members at both Northwestern University and the University of Denver, are named for him.
He was killed by soldiers while in prison.
Born in New Orleans the eldest son of Laurent Dupré de Terrebonne and Marie Joséphine Fontenot, Dupré grew up in St. Landry Parish, Louisiana.
His governorship marked the beginnings of the restoration of the Calvert family's control of Maryland.
Brigadier General Garba Mohammed was appointed member / secretary of the National Economic Intelligence Committee when it was established on 17 February 1994.
An important piece of legislation enacted during this second term in 1652 abolished the slavery of African Americans, the first such law in North America.
He was awarded the Stalin Peace Prize in 1950 and, in 1959, he received the Belisario Domínguez Medal of Honor.
He was reelected in 1924 and 1926, and served from 1923 to 1929.
An election was held in 1879, and Louis Wiltz easily defeated his Republican opponent.
He left that office before the end of his term when he was selected as the thirty-fifth U.S. Secretary of the Interior during the Eisenhower administration.
John Calloway "Jack" Walton was an American politician and the fifth Governor of Oklahoma.
Born in Jacksonville, Florida, O'Brien moved to Minnesota in his youth.
Following his graduation from Davis High School in 1931, Rampton took over his family's automobile business, due to his father's death that same year.
Braulio Maldonado Sandez , one of the most colorful leaders in the history of twentieth century Mexican Politics.
He handed over to the elected civilian governor Saidu Barda in January 1992 at the start of the Nigerian Third Republic.
Burton appears to have been born in Mecklenburg County, Virginia in 1774.
John Mattocks was an American Whig politician, a brigadier general in the War of 1812, U.S.
The Gilchrist Bridge, is also named after the governor which carries U.S. Route 41 bridge over the Peace River from Punta Gorda to Port Charlotte, Florida.
Sergio Daniel Urribarri is an Argentine Justicialist Party politician, current governor of Entre Ríos Province.
Mohammed Sani Sami was appointed governor of Bauchi State after a coup on 31 December 1983 that brought General Muhammadu Buhari to power.
He serves as the Chairman of the Board for the Partnership for a Healthy Mississippi.
In the Massachusetts House of Representatives, Brackett rose to become Speaker in 1885, and was elected Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts under Governor Oliver Ames.
He is the owner of the Nigerian Compass, a daily newspaper.
Mario Mellado García died in October 2014.
He was state's ninth Governor from 1911 to 1913, and the mayor of Boise from 1903 to 1905.
In 1994, De La Beckwith was found guilty of the murder.
In 1989, he was voted the Best Mayor in Nigeria and he received an Award for his developmental efforts.
John Foster Furcolo was a lawyer, writer, and Democratic Party politician from Massachusetts.
John S. Gray was a Republican politician from Idaho.
While a Lieutenant Commander, Wild served as a communications officer for Submarine Squadron 11.
Silas Hemenway Jennison was an American Anti-Masonic and Whig politician who served as Vermont's Lieutenant Governor and Governor — the first born in the state.
Samuel H. Huntington was an American jurist who was the third Governor of Ohio from 1808 to 1810.
Eugenio Elorduy Walther is a Mexican politician.
Arriving in Jefferson County, Kansas, in 1870, Stanley opened his practice and taught school in Perry.
He was elected on 26 April 2011 for a second term as governor.
Henry Huntly Haight was the tenth governor of California from December 5, 1867 to December 8, 1871.
He is a member of the present Islamic Consultative Assembly from the electorate of Maragheh and Ajabshir.
He served as Member of the Assembly, as Governor of Virginia, and as judge on what later became the Virginia Supreme Court.
William Lewis Douglas was a U.S. businessman and politician from Massachusetts.
James Iredell Jr. was the 23rd Governor of the U.S. state of North Carolina between 1827 and 1828.
He is of Assyrian descent, born to an Assyrian family from the village of Tel Keppe.
His allocated task was to carry out a new policy in the Indies.
Stevens was born at a home on the banks of the Snake River, in Oneida County, Idaho, near the city of Blackfoot.
He spent the rest of his life on his plantation where he died on April 28, 1836 and was interred at the Richardson Cemetery.
He was also the first Governor to implement the use of the National Guard.
He was the first governor of Massachusetts not born in the state.
Rampton served as Davis County Attorney from 1938-1940, the only other public office he would be elected to until becoming governor in 1965.
Hill lives with his wife, Margot, in Seattle.
He was assigned as the 32nd Governor of American Samoa from February 8, 1944 to January 27, 1945.
He was a member of the New Mexico House of Representatives from 1947 to 1949.
Bluett was from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and served in the House 1921–1927.
President Umaru Yar'Adua appointed Daura to the Police Service Commission in 2008 as a permanent member.
Bruce Sundlun was an American politician and member of the Democratic Party who served as 71st Governor of Rhode Island from 1991-95.
Juan José León Rubio is a former Governor of Aguascalientes.
He was an outspoken advocate for increase naval power and bases to improve American defensive networks.
He graduated from Franklin College in New Athens, Ohio.
He served as a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate, and as the 21st Governor of Wyoming.
Mehdi Davatghari is an Iranian lawyer and politician.
Elected at the age of 33, Edmondson still remains the youngest governor in the history of the state.
He was governor of Adamawa State in Nigeria from 29 May 1999 to 29 May 2007.
Colonel Lawan Gwadabe was Military Administrator of Niger State in Nigeria from December 1987 to January 1992 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida.
Covarrubias Villaseñor was sworn into office on March 5, 2011.
Wing Commander Abdul Adamu Mshelia was Administrator of Bauchi State, Nigeria from August 1998 to May 1999 during the transitional regime of General Abdulsalami Abubakar.
He died a blind man at the age of 84 in Tehran.
His actions triggered the Glorious Revolution of 1688 , a bloodless change of governments.
He served as the Attorney General of Coahuila from 1957 to 1963.
Descendants include Jean Motley Morehead Larkin, John L. Morehead, W. Harris Nelson, William H.M. Nelson III.
He was elected mayor of the city of Chihuahua, holding the office from 1992 to 1995.
Calderón, who led most opinion polls prior to the election, alleged that drug traffickers based in Michoacán had helped tip the election in Fausto Vallejo's favor.
Daud Arsala is an Afghan politician, who ran for the Afghan parliamentarian election in 2005.
Henry Porter Baldwin, a descendant of pilgrim father Nathaniel Baldwin, was the 15th Governor of Michigan and U.S.
He served a six-year prison sentence and was extradited to the United States on 8 May 2010.
Johnson's grandfather, Isaac Johnson, arrived in the area in the 1770s, and his father had a leading role in the West Florida Rebellion.
He was Chief of Material in the Nigerian Navy from 1972 to 1978 and was a member of the Supreme Military Council S.M.C.
Oscar Branch Colquitt was the 25th Governor of Texas from January 17, 1911 to January 19, 1915.
Hutchinson was elected in 1899 along with Governor Frank Steunenberg.
After serving in that capacity for eight years, Rolvaag mounted his successful campaign for governor in 1962.
As district attorney for San Francisco, he was elected Attorney General of California in 1950 before becoming the state's governor in 1959.
Ingram Macklin Stainback was the ninth Territorial Governor of Hawaii and served from 1942 to 1951.
In 1964 he was promoted to lieutenant.
He also was rector of the Universidad Michoacana de San Nicolás de Hidalgo from 2011 until 2014.
He lost an election to serve a full term as governor to former Office of Management and Budget director Mitch Daniels on November 2, 2004.
He is a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
He was formally appointed by Queen Elizabeth II on August 9, 1996 after having been nominated by Prime Minister Keith Mitchell.
Philip Matthew "Phil" Donnelly was the 41st and 43rd Governor of Missouri.
Jorge Herrera Caldera is a Mexican who has served as the Governor of Durango since September 2010.
In records of the time, historians also name him Josias Winslow, and modern writers have carried that name forward.
Yِousef Pashtun is also chairing the Kabul New City Development Authority Board.
Sir Richard was an excellent cricketer and rugby player.
On 25 October 2007, the Supreme Court annulled Omehia's election, ruling that Chibuike Amaechi, not Omehia, was the PDP's legitimate candidate.
After the death of King George I, King George II appointed Burnet governor of New Hampshire and Massachusetts.
Lemme stepped down in 2003, allowing Alberto Rodríguez Saá to stand for election to the Governorship formerly held by his brother Adolfo.
Cross was Maine's 61st and 63rd Governor.
In 1795, he sought to succeed Isaac Shelby as governor.
Andrew Ryan McGill married Eliza E. Bryant, daughter of Charles S. Bryant, a lawyer and author from St. Peter, Minnesota.
Waller handily prevailed, 601,222 to Evers' 172,762.
George Franklin Drew was the 12th Governor of the U.S. state of Florida.
Finished in the first half of 1906, the house served as Governor Buchtel's residence from 1907 until 1909 and for the remaining years of his life.
As governor, his priorities included ameliorating labor strife in the coal industry, increasing access to quality education, and improving transportation to the geographically isolated state.
He was the President of the Maine Senate from in 1822 and 1823.
He is married to two wives Fatima and Rakiya with 9 children namely: Umar, Hamza, Ibrahim, Abdulazeez, Abubakar, Aminu, Fatima, Zainab, and Maryam.
He immigrated to the United States and earned a masters from Wright State University in Dayton, Ohio.
In 1868, Ampudia died and was buried in the Panteón de San Fernando.
He successfully quieted political divisions within the province, and was able to bring about united action against New France when King George's War began in 1744.
Unlike some of the other magistrates, he never admitted to the possibility that his acceptance of such evidence was in error.
After the war he returned to medical practice, but continued to be active in the state militia, helping to put down Shays' Rebellion in 1787.
Samuel Ashe was the ninth Governor of the U.S. State of North Carolina from 1795 to 1798.
He was extradited to Mexico on July 17, 2017.
Edwin Carl Johnson was a Democrat who served as both governor and U.S. senator from the U.S. state of Colorado.
George Thompson was Attorney General of Wisconsin from 1963 to 1965.
He served as the first commanding officer of the USS Monaghan in 1911.
He was the first Governor of Arizona, serving a total of seven terms, along with President of the convention that wrote Arizona's constitution.
He completed his basic education there, then moved to Chicago, Illinois to attend business college.
During his time in the Senate, he was chairman of the Committee on Territories, the Committee on Claims, and the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He was first entombed at Trinity Episcopal Church, just across from the State House.
As governor, he was responsible for moving the state capital to Oklahoma City, establishing schools and state agencies, reforming the territorial prison system, and enforcing prohibition.
That year he was elected on the Republican ticket as Governor of West Virginia.
He was a successful trial lawyer and politically conservative Democrat, who won election as governor after his opponent, Thomas Talbot, vetoed legislation to relax alcohol controls.
Anti-war Republicans and textile interests joined Democrats to back the young William Sprague IV, the nephew of former Rhode Island Governor and Senator William Sprague III.
He served in the office from January 2006 to October 2009, when he was replaced by Brian Lacy.
A Republican, Matt Blunt was elected governor on November 2, 2004, carrying 101 of Missouri's 114 counties.
He sharply cut the state budget, producing a million dollars surplus.
Diego Velázquez de Cuéllar was a Spanish conquistador.
Six years later he reattempted it and won by a clear margin over his closest opponent, Mauricio Fernández Garza.
As governor, he repeatedly urged passage of a black suffrage amendment.
His tenure in New England was authoritarian and turbulent, as his views were decidedly pro-Anglican, a negative quality in a region home to many Puritans.
Born in Marion, South Carolina, he was raised in the Pee Dee region of South Carolina and attended Wofford College and Vanderbilt University.
He was the first Republican governor of the state since Reconstruction-era governor Adelbert Ames, who served from 1874–76.
Henry Pybus "Budge" Bell-Irving, OC DSO OBE OBC ED CD was the 23rd Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia from 1978 to 1983.
Currier married three times first to Lucretia C. Dustin then to Mary W. Kidder, and thirdly to Hannah A. Slade
Meyera E. Oberndorf was the 23rd mayor of Virginia Beach, Virginia.
Two hundred other people died, according to Santillan's report to the court.
Nestor K. Binabo is a Nigerian politician.
A Democrat, Blanchard has served in the United States House of Representatives, as the 45th Governor of Michigan, and as United States Ambassador to Canada.
David Dunn was an American Democratic politician and lawyer.
As a governor, Canales delivered mixed results.
He was reportedly in self-exile during the tenure of President Umaru Yar'Adua.
After leaving office, Taft started working for the University of Dayton beginning August 15, 2007.
John Grosvenor Rowland is an American former politician and twice convicted felon.
By January 2003, the ANPP had still not settled on their candidate.
He died in Belleville in May 1865, just after the close of the Civil War, and is interred at Walnut Hill Cemetery in Belleville.
Returning to British Guiana following World War II, the newly wed David Rose joined the colonial police force and later became Assistant Commissioner of Police.
He objected to being called a moderate by his critics, preferring to characterize himself as a 'successful segregationist'.
He served as the first Governor of Iowa Territory from 1838 to 1841.
In this position he served as President of the state senate, and directed the state's agriculture and commerce programs.
He retired from the army that year.
In that post, Branch promoted several reforms in the Navy's policies and administration, many of which were not implemented until years later.
He is depicted as one of the affluent merchants in John Greenwood's satirical painting from the 1750s entitled Sea Captains Carousing in Surinam.
During the 1890s he became increasingly active in Republican Party politics, and was for 20 years a dominating figure in Massachusetts politics.
Cummings was a newspaperman, who founded the Philadelphia Evening Bulletin and the New York World.
Governor Beauvais was then elected to the Louisiana Senate and served until 1834.
He had been endorsed by the Bangor Daily News.
On May 29, 1668, Saint Augustine was invaded by the English privateer Robert Searle of Jamaica.
He had also been Radical Cause's candidate in the 1983 election and 1988 election, gaining less than 1% of the vote.
From that, he became a Special Assistant to the Secretary of the Department of Interior.
He was the second Republican elected to the office after Reconstruction, and the fifth overall.
Yates served as a private in Company I, Fifth Infantry, Illinois National Guard from 1885 to 1890.
Troadello entered the Senate in 2007 to complete the term of Celso Jaque who had been elected Governor of Mendoza.
William Charles Arcedeckne Vanneck, 5th Baron Huntingfield, KCMG was a British Conservative Party politician, Governor of Victoria and Administrator of Australia.
His sons, Thomas and William Lowndes, both served in the U.S. Congress.
He was a member of the Mississippi State Sovereignty Commission, which was devoted to preserving racial segregation in the state.
In addition, the eradication campaign caused a worsening of the security situation in Badakhshan.
Beverley Randolph was an American politician from Virginia.
They had four children, one of whom died before the age of two.
Mohammed Abul-Salam Onuka was a Nigerian soldier who served as Military Administrator of Edo State between December 1993 and September 1994.
A 1930 graduate of Arizona State University, he also was a member of Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity.
She previously served as Afghanistan's Minister of Women's Affairs as well as Minister of Culture and Education.
Murray Delos Van Wagoner was an American politician.
Luis assumed the governorship on January 2, 1978, succeeding Governor Cyril King, who died in office.
He controversially reduced the national debt by selling Treasury gold and using greenbacks to buy up Treasury bonds, a process that created a cash shortage.
He will serve as governor until 2021.
After his term, he returned to his home, Blandwood, in Greensboro, North Carolina, designed by New York City architect Alexander Jackson Davis.
After leaving office, Heyward was appointed by President Woodrow Wilson in 1913 to be the Collector of Federal Internal Revenue Taxes for South Carolina.
He served as the 12th Governor of Colorado from 1901 to 1903.
Roy Joseph Turner was an American businessman and governor of the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
In 1837, Gayle married Clarissa Stedman Peck at Gaston, Alabama.
She was elected on January 25, 2009.
He graduated from the University of Wisconsin–Madison School of Commerce in 1958, and received his juris doctor from the University of Wisconsin Law School in 1961.
In exchange, the Louisiana electoral votes were cast for the Hayes-William Wheeler ticket.
Ottomar de Sousa Pinto was a Brazilian politician, who was Governor of the state of Roraima from November 2004 until his death in December 2007.
Juan María Vicencio, Baron de Ripperdá was the Spanish governor of Texas and Honduras.
Alvan Flanders was a Delegate from the Territory of Washington.
Sir George served as the Minister for Trade, Industry, Agriculture and Tourism in the first post-independence government of St Lucia beginning in 1979.
He served as the 61st Governor of Vermont from 1927 to 1931.
His father was Brigadier Zakariya Maimalari, a senior army officer who was murdered during the January 1966 coup that brought General Johnson Aguiyi-Ironsi to power.
He is currently the Executive Director of the Staten Island Zoo.
Although he never even visited the colony, he owned property and businesses there, and he acted on its behalf in London.
He died in Pinehurst, Moore County, North Carolina, and was interred at the Milford Cemetery, Milford, New Hampshire.
Charles Arthur Sprague was the 22nd Governor of the US state of Oregon from 1939 to 1943.
John Riley Tanner was the 21st Governor of Illinois, from 1897 until 1901.
Antonio Domingo Bussi was an Army General and politician prominent in the recent history of Tucumán Province, Argentina.
In 1636 he became Counsellor-extraordinary of the Dutch Council of the Indies.
When President Andrew Jackson vetoed funds to construct a turnpike connecting Maysville and Lexington, Metcalfe built it anyway, paying for it entirely with state funds.
David Morritz de Kretser AC is an Australian medical researcher who was the 27th Governor of Victoria from 2006 to 2011.
He was the first Connecticut governor to be elected to three terms since 1784.
from Bates College, and was admitted to the bar in 1856.
For example, at one point he owned more than 600 acres in what is now Atlanta.
Danbaba Danfulani Suntai was a Nigerian pharmacist and politician.
Fernando Toranzo Fernández is a Mexican politician who served as the Governor of San Luis Potosí on 2009-2015.
He legalized and taxed alcohol and set up a court system that would last 30 years.
After serving for seven years in the equivalent viceregal role in Western Australia, Jeffery was appointed governor-general in 2003, following the resignation of Peter Hollingworth.
Miguel Márquez Márquez is a Mexican politician affiliated with the PAN.
However, he was called back into service in 1774 as a delegate to the Continental Congress.
Metcalfe's primary concern as governor was the issue of internal improvements.
Thomas Overton Moore was an attorney and politician who was the 16th Governor of Louisiana from 1860 until 1864 during the American Civil War.
Eventually, after 12 years of imprisonment, trials and retrials, Yakubu and his co-defendants were acquitted of most charges on 21 December 2010.
In 1991 he issued regulations on pollution abatement and effluent limitations covering all industries, with heavy fines for non-compliance.
He came from a lineage that occupied prominent European positions and titles, since at least the 12th century.
José Antonio Roméu was sixth Spanish governor of Alta California, from 1791 to 1792.
James Withycombe was an American Republican politician who served as the 15th Governor of Oregon.
He served as the fourth Lieutenant Governor of Idaho.
Adenihun was born on 12 March 1939 in Aduasa in Ghana.
He achieved gains in education, child labor laws, and established a state charity hospital.
Thomas Goode Jones was an American Democratic politician who was the 28th Governor of Alabama from 1890 to 1894.
Chief Ojo Maduekwe was a Nigerian politician.
He married Ida B. Weede on June 9, 1903 and had two stepchildren.
Thomas Pownall – 25 February 1805) was a British politician and colonial official.
He advocated several measures to delay the inevitable insolvency of the state.
He served as a member of the committee under Michael Collins, the chairman of the Provisional Government, that drafted the Constitution of the Irish Free State.
He returned to the North Carolina Senate in 1821, but lost a re-election bid the following year.
He is a member of the ruling People's Democratic Party.
In 1948 he was appointed as the Hydographer of the Navy, serving until 1953, when he retired.
A Democrat, he is remembered largely for his involvement in the death of Joseph Smith, and the subsequent Illinois Mormon War.
He died on 4 January 2013 after a short illness.
Sergio Edgardo Acevedo is an Argentine Justicialist Party politician, formerly a provincial governor and secretary in the national government.
He also was a territorial senator 1907-12 and treasurer 1912-14 before becoming chief executive.
Like his ally, Vice-President Julio Cobos, Colombi became estranged from the Kirchners during the 2008 Argentine government conflict with the agricultural sector.
Talbot was a strong temperance advocate, and his veto of a popular alcohol licensing bill contributed to his loss in the 1874 gubernatorial race.
Brigadier Harris Eghagha died at the Lagos University Teaching Hospital on 19 March 2009, aged 75.
During their marriage, the Carlins had at least 12 children: Mary Ann, b.1816; Eugene, b.
Before being elected governor, he served as Senator representing his state in the Mexican Senate.
José Antonio Vaquero was de facto Federal Interventor of Córdoba, Argentina from 24 March 1976 to 12 April 1976.
Andrew was a persistent voice criticizing Abraham Lincoln's conduct of the war, and pressing him to end slavery.
During his term of office, the state capitol was moved from Tuscaloosa, Alabama to its current location in Montgomery, Alabama.
He is the grandson of the ruler Torgai son begs Yer Shokai, maternally derived from the Kazakh Khanate of Khiva.
Benjamin Williams was the 11th and 14th Governor of the U.S. state of North Carolina, from 1799 to 1802 and from 1807 to 1808.
He was also the great-grandfather of actor Leo Carillo.
Houx then went into the oil refining business in Texas, but returned to Cody in 1935.
He was Governor of the State of Coahuila from 2005 to 2011.
However, the succeeding government of Mohammed Lawal took four years to allocate the flats.
She was banished from the colony in 1638, and the three deputies who voted for her acquittal were also compelled to depart.
In Australia he is remembered as Lord Hopetoun.
In 2005 he resigned his affiliation to the PRI and announced his candidature to the Senate now with the PRD.
He was replaced by Engineer Mohammed Abba Gana, also of Borno State, in a cabinet reshuffle in February 2001.
The House refused Cannon his seat not for his dubious citizenship, but for his practice of polygamy.
Founding Fathers since he signed the Declaration of Independence as a member of the Virginia delegation.
He attempted to purchase the panhandle of Florida for Alabama which sparked rumors that he had access to unclaimed confederate gold.
Ernest William Gibson Jr. was a Vermont attorney, politician, and judge.
Between 1999 and 2005 he served as governor of the state of Quintana Roo.
Walter Jeremiah Maddock was a politician in North Dakota, USA.
The Board of Elections completed its count on December 18, 1956; Del Sesto was the apparent winner by 427 votes.
In 1880 he moved to Big Muddy, Wyoming, at the age of eighteen.
Following his term as Governor of South Carolina, he became agent to the Cherokee at Fort Gibson, a post he held until 1846.
John Franklin Fort was an American Republican Party politician, who served as the 33rd Governor of New Jersey, from 1908–1911.
John Gregory Smith, railroad tycoon, politician, and the last Governor of Vermont during the Civil War.
Later that year, Scullin nominated Isaacs as his preferred choice for governor-general.
He also served as Viceminister of Labor and Social Safety under the administration of President Julio César Turbay Ayala.
Norrfalk was educated as a forester, and served as Director General of the Swedish Forest Agency from 1994 to 2003.
He was commissioned major in the Confederate States Army and served throughout the Vicksburg Campaign.
To this line of service he added positions as Commissioner, Deputy, and Assistant, for many years serving simultaneously in multiple roles.
A few years after her death, he married Leila Duckworth Houghton.
Justo Boneo y Morales was a soldier and knight of the Order of Santiago who served as governor of Texas between 1743–1744.
IMSA is nowadays one of the leading business groups in Latin America.
As chief justice of Mauritius at the time, he assumed the position immediately after the death of Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam until a successor could be appointed.
He did not seek re-election and was defeated in a 2002 campaign for the United States Senate.
Zhang Baixi was born in Changsha County of Hunan province, where studied in the top local school, Chengnan 城南书院, under Guo Songtao.
After retiring from politics, he worked as an attorney before his death from a heart attack.
He became involved in the revolutionary movement and served in the North Carolina Provincial Congress and as a member of the North Carolina militia.
Mu'azu, a Muslim, is married and the father of nine children.
He was the first graduate of the College of Agriculture in 1901, a quarterback on the football team, and later its graduate manager.
In September 2007 the Kogi State Election Petitions Tribunal in Lokoja nullified his election.
In the early 21st century, the company is known as Domino Sugar.
The selection of an Australian was unprecedented and highly controversial.
Seyid Mehdi Ghoreishi is second representative of the Supreme Leader and imam Jumu'ah prayer after Iranian Revolution.
Seth Padelford was the 31st Governor of Rhode Island from 1869 to 1873.
Menéndez surrendered Argentine forces to Britain during the Falklands War.
The Calvin L. Rampton Complex in Taylorsville, which houses the Utah Department of Transportation and the Utah Department of Public Safety, was named in his honor.
Rose served as a member of the Maine Senate from its founding in 1820 until 1824.
Horace White was an American lawyer and politician from New York.
Foster Jr., but Mike Foster uses "Jr." even though he is technically Murphy J.
His family moved to Kentucky from Virginia when he was very young.
He previously served as the 61st Governor of Rhode Island from 1945 to 1950.
Soon after his birth his family moved to Freeport, Illinois where he grew up and later served as mayor.
In 1807 the family made another move, this time to the Goshen Settlement, at the foot of the bluffs overlooking the Mississippi River southwest of Edwardsville.
He was re-appointed in 1942, but resigned again when the board issued its "Little Steel" organizing decision.
Caleb Carr was a governor of the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, serving a very short term prior to his death.
During the long retreat south, Ampudia was appointed commander-in-chief of the Army of the North, in time to command Mexican forces at the Battle of Monterrey.
He briefly held the position of assistant secretary for new population centers Secretariat of Agrarian Reform in 1976.
He attended college at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee.
All military governors and administrators in the Babangida, Abacha and Abubakar regimes were retired by the Federal Government in June 1999, including Brigadier-General Samuel Chamah.
He died in a Maracay hospital on April 2, 2012, after being attacked by a gunman on March 24, 2012.
After handing over to the civilian governor Jolly Nyame in May 1999, as a former military administrator he was required to retire from the army.
He was the first native-born person from Montana to become a member of the state's bar and of the state's legislature.
He resigned from the mayor's office in 1965 to stand for election in the Pará gubernatorial election.
He is a former president of the Party of the Democratic Revolution.
Controversy is now on his constant trips to Europe and on state money spent on radio and TV ads of his duty.
Elias Tari was the Governor of East Nusa Tenggara from 1966 to 1978.
As a former military administrator, he was required to retire from the army in June 1999 at the start of the Nigerian Fourth Republic,
Following his term as governor, he served in the state senate, and completed the unfinished term of John J. Crittenden in the U.S. Senate in 1848.
Ita David Ikpeme obtained a Bachelor of Science Degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of London.
Politically, he is a member of the right-of-center National Action Party since 1978.
Robert Blackwell Docking was the 38th Governor of Kansas from 1967 until 1975.
He served as the 23rd Governor of Vermont from 1854 to 1856.
Thomas Kirker was a Democratic-Republican politician from Ohio.
He became Chairman of the Ila Orangun Unity Movement.
He is also the only Republican to serve two full terms as governor.
Admiral Pedro Porter y Casanate was a Spanish sailor, soldier, explorer of California and Royal Governor of Chile from 1656 to 1662.
Helm was elected to the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1941 and served through 1964.[1].
He is a member of the Argentine Senate representing Jujuy Province, elected for the Front of Jujuy.
Osborn was Minister to Chile from 1877 to 1881 and Minister to Brazil from 1881 to 1885,
Elias Milton Ammons served as the 19th Governor of Colorado from 1913 to 1915.
In December 2009 he was among northern leaders resisting the transfer of power to Vice-President Goodluck Jonathan during the incapacity of President Umaru Yar'Adua.
The party then won that year's provincial election and Schreyer went on to serve as the 16th Premier of Manitoba.
Born in Vancouver, he was educated at Shawnigan Lake School on Vancouver Island and Loretto at Musselburgh, Scotland.
The building was originally the women's activity center, later being remodeled and used as the university's admissions office.
He left the company in August 1997.
When he assumed office he dissolved and reconstituted the Local Government Service Commission.
Hailey was elected in 1926 along with Baldridge.
The populist-minded governor also changed the organization of the state's junior colleges.
With the outbreak of the American Civil War in 1861, Jeter volunteered for service in the Confederate Army and was made a captain of infantry.
In the 1990s he served as an official in the Afghan Interior Ministry; he is also known as a writer and orator in Persian and Pashto.
He also served as territorial delegate to the Republican National Committee.
Awang Faroek assumed office on December 2008.
He also worked as CEO of Goldman Sachs during the 1990s and was CEO of MF Global from 2010 to 2011.
He died in 1959 at the Naval Hospital Oakland, and was buried in Sparkill, Rockland County, New York.
President Kennedy offered Coleman various posts, including United States Secretary of the Army and United States Ambassador to Australia, but Coleman declined.
In October 1979 Adenihun handed over to the administration of the first civilian governor of Imo State in the Nigerian Second Republic, Chief Samuel Onunaka Mbakwe.
Throckmorton won the gubernatorial election of June 25, 1866, at the same time the new constitution was approved, against Elisha M. Pease.
M. Zainul Majdi is the current Governor of West Nusa Tenggara, a province of south-central Indonesia.
Upon his return in 1668 he was an officer cadet in Fort Sint-Anna until 1670, when he became a captain at Fort Lillo.
He also has the distinction of possibly being the youngest Congressman in U.S. history, though reliable sources differ about his age.
He has been accused of using his previous political positions to promote businesses in which he has personal investments.
Thomas Andrew Osborn was the sixth Governor of Kansas.
Sir Douglas Ralph Nicholls, KCVO OBE was a prominent Aboriginal Australian from the Yorta Yorta people.
He was a member of the Tohoro clan and the Plain White Banner of the Eight Banners.
He won a seat from Tabriz for parliament in Iranian legislative elections of 1992, 1996, 2000, and 2004 representing Executives of Construction Party.
Mills was elected in 1895 along with Governor William J. McConnell.
Malkani was associated with the Bharatiya Jana Sangh since its formation and was one of the founders of the Bharatiya Janata Party in 1980.
After Mary died, Ashe remarried, this time to the former Elizabeth Merrik.
He served from January 7, 1929 to January 5, 1931.
Michener proved to be a populist governor general whose tenure is considered to be a key turning point in the history of his office.
Case served on the New Jersey Supreme Court from 1929 to 1952, and was the Chief Justice from 1946 to 1948.
Ampudia began his career in the Spanish army, and emigrated to Mexico following the Mexican War of Independence.
Nasko retired from the army in 1990 after his junior then Major General Salihu Ibrahim was appointed Chuef of the Army Staff by President Ibrahim Babangida.
Jonas Galusha was the sixth and eighth Governor of Vermont for two terms in the early 19th century.
By 1864, Lubbock was promoted to aide-de-camp for Jefferson Davis.
Born at Denmark in Morrow County, he dropped out of Miami University in 1861 to join the Union Army.
Daniel Woodson was secretary of Kansas Territory and a five-time acting governor of the territory.
The convention created a Confederate shadow government for the Commonwealth, and Johnson was elected its governor.
He served as the 19th Proprietary Governor of Maryland from 1742 to 1747.
He was a major general for the Connecticut Militia in the Revolutionary War serving under George Washington.
José de las Fuentes Rodríguez served as the Governor of Coahuila from 1981 to 1978.
After conflict with the Guam Congress in 1948, Pownall replaced many Congressmen with his own appointments, whom the Guamanians refused to recognize.
He studied at Fairmont State Normal School and graduated from the West Virginia University law school in 1897.
Sir James died suddenly on 16 September 1971 while flying to Honolulu.
Charles Porter was elected to the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from Fayette County in 1800 and served through 1807.
Mohammed was Military Administrator of Niger State in Nigeria from 1986 to December 1987 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida.
Reuben Wood was a Democratic politician from the U.S. state of Ohio.
He was impeached in January 2006, but reinstated in December 2006.
Johannes Gerckens Bassøe was a Norwegian jurist and civil servant.
In 1955, he was also the chairman of the Council of State Governments.
He was knighted by the Queen in 1982 and awarded the Chevalier de la Légion d'honneur from France in 1986.
The militants responsible then released a video on 5 August 2004 showing Barjas resigning and apologizing for opposing the Iraqi insurgency.
O'Brien had four daughters and one stepdaughter; he was married twice.
Born in New York, he became a lawyer and politician in North Carolina in the 1760s.
Furman served as Lieutenant Governor of Pennsylvania from January 1955 to 1959 during Governor Leader's administration.
He has previously held the positions of mayor of his home town of Cozumel and has served as a deputy in the Federal Congress.
He was highly regarded and popular in western Massachusetts.
At Chancellorsville, under Joseph Hooker, Stoneman failed in an ambitious attempt to penetrate behind enemy lines, getting bogged down at an important river crossing.
He also devoted his time to the American Mining Congress, the Colorado Mining Association, and the State Metal Mining Fund.
During the 1980s he was a leader of the mujahideen forces in Nimroz.
Samuel Harvey Shapiro was the 34th Governor of Illinois, serving from 1968 to 1969.
John Murphy was the fourth Governor of the U.S. state of Alabama, serving two terms from 1825 to 1829.
The Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia ruled that Wilson should remain Governor.
This brought him into difficulty with the legislature.
Samuel Hitt Elbert served as Governor of the Territory of Colorado and Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the State of Colorado.
Aleksandr Bokovikov was a Russian politician and businessman who served as the Governor of the now defunct Evenk Autonomous Okrug from 1997 until 2001.
From 2002 to 2007, Pérez Vivas was the General Secretary of COPEI.
As anti-corruption chief Wasifi leads an 84-person staff.
After his term, he moved back to Illinois, where he died in 1873.
He represented North Carolina in both the Continental Congress and the United States Senate, and was the sixth Governor of North Carolina.
From 1919 to 1933, he served in the U.S. House of Representatives from Illinois.
He died at his home in 1915; his publications include a lifelong journal, a history of the Spanish–American War, and a verse translation of Virgil's Aeneid.
One of the most contentious political issues of his day was the use of paper money versus hard currency.
Francisco Antonio Marín del Valle was Governor and Captain General of New Mexico, between 1754 and 1760.
In April 2009 he transferred his allegiance to the ruling People's Democratic Party.
In April 2009, Commodore James Aneke joined the People's Democratic Party.
Wiltz was born on January 21, 1843 in New Orleans to J.B. Theophile Wiltz and the former Louise Irene Villanueva.
The federal government withdrew troops from the state and ended Reconstruction that year.
For Abidin Kusno, Sadikin was part of a modernist program to attack irrationality, criminalize poverty, and create obedient national citizens.
Hailey also served in the Idaho Legislature.
As acting governor, Chief Michael Botmang drafted both the police and the army to help return the state capital to order.
Although his military service made him extremely popular in Kentucky, he sought no higher office until the citizens insisted he run for governor in 1816.
Thomas Carney was the second Governor of Kansas.
Lieutenant Governor Samuel D. McEnery, a fellow Democrat, succeeded Wiltz.
Tucker has been married to the former Betty Allen since 1975.
Admiral Adekunle Shamusideen Lawal was born on 8 February 1934, in Lagos Nigeria.
He died in Columbus in 1946, and was buried at East Avenue Cemetery in New Philadelphia.
A Republican, he served two terms as Lieutenant Governor, and then one as the 51st Governor of Massachusetts.
Paolantoni was appointed the French Administrator Superior of Wallis and Futuna on Monday, July 28, 2008, succeeding his predecessor Richard Didier.
One was on 24 April 2007, a "mine planted near a brook" which was remotely detonated by unidentified people as Munib's car was passing by.
He served three one-year terms, the maximum constitutional limit, before retiring in 1798.
He previously served as head of the Education Department in Nangarhar Province.
The protest listed a dozen claims, chiefly that Cannon, born in Liverpool, England, was an un-naturalized alien.
He oversaw the colonial actions in King Philip's War, and expanded the colony's territories by purchasing land claims in present-day Maine.
His monument at Ampthill incorporates the cannonball that killed him.
During the years when he wasn't serving as deputy, he was an assistant, serving in this role for a total of ten years.
He was nominated for SGF, but was subsequently dropped following criticism by eastern people.
He is current governor of Misiones Province and a former senator.
He later served as the Governor for The Bahamas and Barbados and finally as the Governor for Trinidad and Tobago.
He was a delegate to the Massachusetts Constitutional Convention of 1917–1918, but died before it ended.
Madison's political experience before becoming governor consisted of a twenty-year tenure as state auditor.
A Democrat, he was a member of the conservative coalition in Congress.
Kellogg died at the National Naval Medical Center in Maryland and was buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Henry Jr. died in Denver from scarlet fever in 1901.
Miller is a member of the Homeland Security Advisory Council.
His great-granddaughter, Ann McLane Kuster, is the New Hampshire Representative in the 2nd District in the House of Representatives.
Edward Aylesworth Perry was a general under Robert E. Lee during the American Civil War and the 14th Governor of Florida.
Charles Manley Smith was an American politician from Vermont.
Simon Stevens Davis was on the Board of Directors & was a founding member of the original Cincinnati Baseball Club which was formed in 1866.
Fernando Rivera y Moncada served as third Governor of The Californias, from 1774-1777.
Oliva has served in the upper house of the Mexican Congress and served as general secretary of Governor Juan Carlos Romero.
Hughes is the only person to have served New Jersey as both Governor and Chief Justice.
In August 1766 he was commissioned as Governor and vice admiral of New Hampshire, and Surveyor General of the King's Woods in North America.
From 1807 until 1835, Seguin served as head postmaster of San Antonio, Texas.
At age 16, Metcalfe was apprenticed to his older brother and became a stonemason.
Martin died in 1856 in Tuscaloosa, Alabama at the age of 56.
He was called to the Bar at Lincoln's Inn the following year.
He was Nieman Fellow at Harvard University, USA from 1961-62.
From 1969 to 1971, Adekunle Lawal attended the Defence Naval Staff College in Wellington, India, where he received his M.Sc.Eng..
He was a member of the Democratic Party.
In spite of intense pressure from others, Lieutenant Governor David C. Coates helped to persuade Governor Orman not to send the Colorado National Guard.
He ran again in 1994, losing to Independent Angus King, but placing second, ahead of Republican Susan Collins.
His father, Raúl Alfonsín, was the President of Argentina from 1983 to 1989.
George Wyllys or Wyllis served for a year as one of the early governors of the Connecticut Colony.
Burton Melvin Cross was a Maine Republican politician.
Elected to Congress, he continued his reform activities, and opposed annexation of The Philippines.
He served as the Governor of Bangkok from April 19, 1992 until April 18, 1996.
Frémont was convicted in court martial for mutiny and insubordination over a conflict of who was the military Governor of California.
He was the grandson of Francis Lovelace, the second Governor of New York.
In 1969, a year before his appointment as Puisne Judge, the Supreme Court, he was made Queen's Counsel.
The family lived in Woodstock, which was then in Stafford County, Virginia.
In 1895, he married South Carolina "Carrie" Bronson.
In 2003 she was elected as a national deputy and in 2005 she was elected to the Argentine Senate for Jujuy.
His father Mohsen Mojtahed Shabestari is member of the Assembly of Experts from the East Azerbaijan.
He was appointed in 2004 by President Hamid Karzai.
The elder Houx served in the Confederate States Army under General Sterling Price, a distant cousin, and uncle of his wife.
John Austin Wharton was distinguished as a statesman, a lawyer, and a soldier.
As governor, he built alliances with the federal government to gain funds for this project.
Dehghani was born in Varzaqan, East Azerbaijan.
After leaving the Senate, Hatfield settled in Huntington, West Virginia and established a private medical practice, where he worked until his death in 1962.
John Ezra Rickards was a Republican politician in the Montana legislator.
Catlin served as acting governor of the Wisconsin Territory from June 23, 1848, until March 3, 1849.
During program of internal improvements was begun using public funds.
He later became commander of 3rd Armoured Division, being replaced in September 1993 during the intrigues that brought General Sani Abacha to power.
He fought in many well-known battles in Virginia, including Petersburg and Spottsylvania, and was wounded four times.
Silas Garber was the founder of Red Cloud, Nebraska and was also Nebraska's third Governor.
He served as Minority Whip in the Council till his departure.
He was chairman of Davandy Finance & Securities Ltd, a financial service company incorporated in 1997.
He took over from Andrés Rodríguez de Villegas on 1 June 1626.
In April 2001, he was a member of the steering committee of the Kaduna-based United Nigeria Development Forum.
As governor, he has attracted heavy criticisms and commendations as well.
Sumner Sewall was a U.S. Republican politician and airline executive who served as the 58th Governor of Maine from 1941 to 1945.
He also played for the Argentina national team, winning the Taça das Nações in 1964.
Blood began his political career in 1935, serving in the state's House and Senate.
He retired from politics to enter the radio broadcasting business and later started the WMUR radio and television stations in Manchester.
He was elected Attorney General in 1966 and assumed office on January 2, 1967, serving until January 4, 1971.
An expedition he led in 1636 is considered the opening offensive in the Pequot War, which practically destroyed the Pequot tribe as an entity.
Her husband was also taken and disappeared, presumed dead.
Emmerson did not seek reelection and left office on January 9, 1933, retiring from politics.
Edward Godfrey was the first governor of the Province of Maine.
He was sworn in as Governor of the oil producing state on 29 May 2007, taking over from Dr. Peter Odili.
He worked for reform of Tamil script to make learning Tamil easier.
As Governor of New South Wales, he endured significant controversy over the decision not to reside in Government House, Sydney.
Krisda Arunvongse na Ayudhya was a Thai politician and architect.
He was also known outside the realm of medicine for his studies and works on the geography and history of Colombia.
They had eleven children who survived childhood.
He served as the 25th Governor of Pennsylvania from 1911 until 1915.
Brown was elected to the Senate by narrowly defeating Republican incumbent George H. Moses in the Roosevelt landslide of 1932.
Abubakar was appointed Military Governor of Anambra State in July 1978, holding the position until October 1979.
In July 1985 he was sentenced to life imprisonment and ordered to refund N4.7 million of money obtained illegally.
After the contested election of 1876, the Democratic-backed legislature, allied with Democratic Governor Francis T. Nicholls, selected Henry M. Spofford as United States Senator.
He was reelected to Congress in 1852.
Adam McMullen was a Nebraska Republican politician and was the 21st Governor of Nebraska.
Yousef Pashtun is one of the Afghan Politicians that did not have a reputation for corruption or incompetence.
He settled in Alna, Maine and studied and practiced medicine in nearby Boothbay.
He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1895 to 1897, and the 32nd Governor of New York from 1897 to 1898.
William Henry Cabell was a Virginia politician and judge aligned with the Democratic-Republican party.
He currently serves in the Argentine Chamber of Deputies, and was Governor of San Luis from 2011 to 2015.
Beekman Winthrop was an American lawyer, government official and banker.
Benjamin Baker Moeur was the fourth Governor of Arizona, one of the United States of America.
Adekunle Lawal was appointed governor of Lagos State in 1975.
This reconquest is commemorated annually during the Fiestas de Santa Fe in the city of Santa Fe.
{{Infobox Governor |name= John Fusco |office= Member of the New York City Council
Abraham Kurkindolle Allison was a Florida businessman and politician.
Sayed Fazlullah Wahidi is a politician in Afghanistan.
He died in 1577, where he was bestowed the posthumous honour of Grand Guardian of the Heir Apparent.
Joseph Robinson Bodwell was an American politician who most notably served as the 40th Governor of Maine.
He served four terms as a Democratic-Republican, until his resignation in 1818.
Bergrin received a life sentence on Sept. 23, 2013.
It owned or controlled 98% of the sugar processing capacity in the U.S. and was known as the Sugar Trust.
Officially, he served as a district judge, later as district attorney, and as president of the Plaquemines Parish Commission Council.
He was elected to the Oklahoma Corporation Commission in 1932 and served until 1939, running for governor again in 1934 and 1938.
As of 2014 he served as Senator of the LVIII and LIX Legislatures of the Mexican Congress representing Tlaxcala and as Deputy of the LX Legislature.
Though these efforts all ultimately failed, they led to greater scrutiny of the retirement board.
James Plemon "J.P." Coleman was a politician from the state of Mississippi.
He was a senator of the state of Sinaloa from 2006 to 2010 and municipal president of Ahome Municipality from 2002 to 2004.
On December 11, 2014, O'Donovan died at his home in the Dongan Hills neighborhood on Staten Island.
He was regional governor of Bamyan Province in Afghanistan when the Buddhas of Bamyan were destroyed in 2001.
was elected Executive Governor of Adamawa State, Nigeria, taking office in May 2007.
He ran for governor again in 1932, but lost out in the Democratic primary.
He served as the 18th Governor of Maine in 1844.
After leaving office, he chaired several holding companies and became the owner of numerous banks.
Sir George William Des Vœux GCMG was a British colonial governor who served as Governor of Fiji, Governor of Newfoundland, and Governor of Hong Kong.
Prior to that, he was the mayor of Tampa from 1979 to 1986.
At the age of 23, he moved to Kansas.
Elechi ran successfully for reelection on 26 April 2011
A pragmatist, before the 1993 elections he refused to meet Bashir Tofa, the presidential candidate of his NRC party, but he was helpful when M.K.O.
Ebiye told them to contact him directly through a special complaints phone.
William Sprague IV was the 27th Governor of Rhode Island from 1860 to 1863, and U.S.
In 2015, Mateen has escaped unharmed from an armed attack from Taliban when he was visiting security check posts in the outskirts of Sharana.
In November 2002 his house in Victoria Island, Lagos was gutted and destroyed by fire.
Anson Peaslee Morrill was an American politician.
After which he returned to Marion to marry Henrietta Rogers and engage in planting and business ventures.
Nathaniel Head, also known as Natt Head, was an American construction material supplier and Republican politician from Hooksett, New Hampshire.
Also of note, the Mississippi Department of Archives and History was created and a new penitentiary at Parchman Farm was constructed during his administration.
Richard Skinner was an American politician, attorney, and jurist from the US state of Vermont, and the ninth Governor of Vermont.
He died in his home in Denver, Colorado on October 26, 1940, just shy of his 82nd birthday, and was buried in Fairmount Cemetery, Denver.
The township of Bloomfield, New Jersey is named for him.
Gordon was born in Plainfield, Connecticut and studied law.
Robert Eben Smylie was an American politician and attorney from Idaho.
He was the 46th Governor of New York in December 1942, and was the first Italian-American governor in the United States.
He was also appointed to the board of the Nigerian Port Authority as a full board member from 1972 to 1975.
John Harte McGraw was the second Governor of Washington state.
Unlike his brother Francis, his temper and poor health were poorly suited to the needs of war.
She sits in the Argentine Senate representing Tierra del Fuego Province.
Gholam Hosein Shiri Aliabad is an Iranian politician.
Frank Hughes Murkowski is an American retired politician and a member of the Republican Party.
He held several elected offices in his life.
Born in Freehold in the Province of New Jersey, he attended the public schools and was graduated from Princeton College in 1761.
Archibald Roane was the second Governor of Tennessee, serving from 1801 to 1803.
He served as the 24th governor of Minnesota, defeating Republican Martin Nelson in a landslide victory in Minnesota's 1936 gubernatorial election.
He was elected as Governor-General by the National Parliament on June 15, 2004.
In December 2010, he became the 2nd Bangkok district Member of Parliament, with 69% of the vote.
After a break caused by his service in the US Navy he retook this post.
He also served in the State House from 1973 to 1977 and was a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1976 and 1984.
Mimiko stood in that election as the Labour Party candidate for Nigeria’s Ondo State and polled the highest votes.
Johnson went on to defeat the Democrat-turned-Republican Rubel Phillips in the 1963 general election, then a new political opportunity for Mississippi voters.
Dr. Garba Nadama was the second civilian governor of Sokoto State, Nigeria in the short-lived Nigerian Second Republic, holding office from January 1982 to November 1983.
John Bell Williams was an American Democratic politician who was Governor of his native Mississippi from 1968 to 1972.
Milton was the son of Homer Virgil Milton, the grandson of Revolutionary War hero and former Georgia Secretary of State, John Milton.
Cesar Horacio Duarte Jaquez is a Mexican politician, a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party, who has twice been a federal deputy.
For this success, he was promoted to Viceroy of Min-Zhe.
Born in Louisa County, Virginia in 1794, he studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1819, practicing in Claiborne, Alabama.
He returned to the office for two years under Paul B. Johnson, Jr., but died midway in the term.
Miles Conway Moore was the 14th and last Territorial Governor of Washington Territory.
Lewis Tappan was a New York abolitionist who worked to achieve the freedom of the illegally enslaved Africans of the Amistad.
In September 2007, Celestine Omehia won approval for a supplementary state budget of N53.2 billion in addition to the approved 2007 budget of N179 billion.
He held office as the Governor of the Mexican state of Campeche from 1973 until 1979.
Fusae Ōta is a Japanese politician, a former governor of Osaka prefecture, and the country's first female prefectural governor.
James V. Allred was a United States politician who served as the 33rd Governor of Texas during the New Deal era.
José Jorge Alperovich is an Argentine Kirchnerist politician and is currently the governor of Tucumán Province.
He co-published the Wisconsin State Journal in Madison with David Atwood from 1859-1861.
Omeruo estimated that it would cost N500 million to repair the damage.
He also has served as Deputy of the LVIII and LX Legislatures of the Mexican Congress representing Michoacán.
José Camilo Uriburu was de facto Federal Interventor of Córdoba from March 2, 1971 to March 22, 1971.
Samuel Howell became a contributor to Pennsylvania Hospital in 1754, was one of its Board of Managers, 1784-9, and President of the Board 1786-9.
He died in 1938 in Seattle, Washington.
After his resignation an interim governor filled the role of Governor of Anbar.
Henry Vansittart was the English Governor of Bengal from 1759 to 1764.
Egwu was former President Olusegun Obasanjo's choice to become National Chairman of the PDP at its 2008 National Convention.
This recording was handed over to the local radio station, which made it public.
In February 2008 Akonobi's home in Enugu was destroyed by fire.
Thomas Ward Veazey was a Maryland politician that served in a variety of roles.
Kontagora was appointed Administrator of the Federal Capital Territory on 22 August 1998.
She succeeded Pridiyathorn Devakula, who was appointed finance minister in the interim government.
He is a liberal Republican, in 2006 he referred to the contemporary Republican Party as being "far too conservative".
He achieved little, in part handicapped by crippling fuel shortages.
The election took place on 24 May 2008.
His nephew was Major General Philip Kearny of American Civil War fame.
In 1882–1884, he was superintendent of public instruction of Cass County, North Dakota.
During the 1840s, when he led four expeditions into the American West, that era's penny press and admiring historians accorded Frémont the sobriquet The Pathfinder.
Chigul who is a linguist and a comedian despite her fathers insistence that she took law as her career.
John Pollard Gaines was a U.S. military and political figure.
He was Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts from 1893 to 1897, becoming Acting Governor in 1896 upon the death of Governor Frederic T. Greenhalge.
Jones had an illustrious military career during the Civil War.
He served as lieutenant governor of the province from 1711 until 1716, and again in the early 1730s.
Nikita Yurevich Belykh is a Russian politician and former leader of the Union of Rightist Forces party.
His motto in Latin was Deo patrum Nostrorum, which in English means "To the God of our fathers".
Morrill's second wife was Caroline Jenkins Nash, whom he married December 25, 1869.
In November 1998 Owoniyi suspended indefinitely the Commissioner of Agriculture Daniel Nyaa Bobzom and his Education counterpart Joseph Rishante for insubordination, negligence of duty and sabotage.
Born in Frías, Santiago del Estero Province, Barrionuevo enrolled at the National University of Tucumán, where he earned a Law degree in 1976.
William Coddington Jr.  was an early governor of the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, serving two consecutive terms from 1683 to 1685.
He then attended the School of Basic Studies at Ahmadu Bello University in Zaria and later received a Bachelor of Science degree in Quantity Surveying.
In 1960-61 he was appointed as defense officer to the Federal Government of the West Indies Federation in Trinidad.
He was the 14th Governor-general of Kermanshah Province, Iran from November 2013 to September 2015 in the Cabinet of Hassan Rouhani.
Prior to his term, he was editor of the The Honolulu Advertiser and Honolulu Star-Bulletin newspapers.
He served as the sixth Governor of the state of Washington.
In 2001 he was one of the former military governors who declared the formation of the United Nigeria Development Forum, a political lobby group.
The PSC had recently demoted Ribadu from an Assistant Inspector-General of Police to a Deputy Commissioner of Police.
The campus was located in a territory that was ceded to Abia State in 1991 and was re-christened Abia State University.
Educated at Union College, Rice was for many years involved in the paper business, and entered Boston politics in 1853.
He was also sub-lieutenant and Commandant of Galvez Town, Louisiana.
Rubén Héctor Giustiniani is an Argentine senator from Santa Fe province.
Ibrahim Dasuki Jalo-Waziri is the National Youth Leader of the All Progressives Congress, Nigeria's main opposition party.
However, he died on June 2, 1899, before he was able to finish his second term as governor and was buried in Marion.
Balogun was an infantry brigade commander at the time of the coup in July 1975 when General Yakubu Gowon was ousted by general Murtala Mohammed.
When Gonzalez left office on August 26, 2004 to join the cabinet of Vincent Fox, León Rubio was appointed acting governor.
Returning to England, in 1692 he bought the Codnor Castle estate and for the rest of his life divided his time between Derbyshire and London.
Mitchell was such a strong supporter of Southern nationalism that he had two members of his Masonic lodge expelled for fighting in the Union Army.
William Hutchinson was a judge in the Colonial era settlement at Portsmouth on the island of Aquidneck.
He was very popular amongst his constituents and never lost the Castries Central seat during his political career.
Mrs. Harrigan-Farrelly continued to work full-time as the Director of the Coastal Zone Management, while carrying out her responsibilities as First Lady.
Upon returning to Britain he was appointed Governor of Northern Ireland from 1952–64.
Murphy was the fourth of eight children born to Irish immigrant Roman Catholic parents.
After several years in the San Pedro prison in La Paz, Fernandez was released to house arrest in February 2013.
Story", and "The Sindh Story", his most popular book on history.
This earned him the enmity of the Roman Catholic friars, who were determined to Christianize native populations and exploit free Indian labor.
While losing his bid for a third term in 1966 to future President Ronald Reagan, his legacy earns him regard as the builder of modern California.
He was governor of the Province of Massachusetts Bay from 1757 to 1760, and afterward served in the British Parliament.
De las Fuentes began his career in public service at the National Company for Basic Commodities.
Holcomb was born in Gibson County, Indiana, helped on the family farm and went to the local schools in winter.
After repatriation and demobilisation, Rowland gained his engineering degree and rejoined the RAAF.
He sits in the Argentine Senate representing San Juan Province for the Front of Production and Labour.
He is a son of Gabriel Igbinedion, Esama of the Kingdom of Benin.
He later served a prison term due to his corrupt actions.
Depressed by career disappointments, a failed marriage, and heavy debts, he committed suicide in 1947.
Samuel Elbert married Josephine Evans, the daughter of his mentor, Territorial Governor John Evans.
Oswaldo Alvarez Paz obtained 22.7% of the votes, in an election where the winner, Rafael Caldera, won with 30.5%.
In February 1999, Fasanya's aides mistreated and detained fifteen journalists covering a meeting of state administrators of the Odu'a Investment Company in Akure.
He was among a number of influential southerners in the North who became known as "Confederate carpetbaggers."
Greenup County, Kentucky and its county seat were both named in his honor.
Prior to his governorship, Marquez was mayor of Purísima del Rincón.
He participated in the First Battle of Bull Run during the American Civil War.
He graduated from the University of Illinois College of Law.
He was elected governor of the Mendoza Province in the first elections after the National Reorganization Process in 1983.
Alexander Cummings was the third Governor of the Territory of Colorado from 1865–1867, serving as a member of the Republican Party.
While in office his biggest concerns were funding the ongoing war that England was fighting with France, and dealing with the disruptive French privateers.
He served in House District 40 in Deep South Texas.
Aminu Bello Masari is a Nigerian politician and current Governor of Katsina State.
Israel Smith was an American lawyer and politician.
Ana María Corradi de Beltrán is an Argentine politician.
Educated at the University of North Carolina, where he was a member of the Philanthropic Society, he occupied himself as a planter and civic leader.
Charles Francis Hurley was the 54th Governor of the U.S. state of Massachusetts and one of its first Irish-American governors.
He also competed in the 50 m pistol event at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
The military governor ruled from the Monterey Presidio, and Monterey became the new capital of Las Californias.
He was appointed a Companion of the Order of Australia in 1987.
Stainback argued for Commonwealth status similar to Puerto Rico instead of statehood, arguing that Hawaii would benefit from the federal tax exemption.
Holloway died in 1970 in Oklahoma City.
She is close to her fellow San Luis senator Adolfo Rodríguez Saá, opposing the kirchneristas of the Front for Victory.
Adekunle Shamusideen Lawal voluntarily retired from the Nigerian Navy as an admiral in 1979, and after an illness he died in November 1980.
Gill served an apparently undistinguished term as acting governor until his own death in 1800, ten days before his successor, Caleb Strong, assumed office.
During his term as governor, the state bank was expanded and the first railroad was completed in Alabama.
In later life he served as president of the White Sulfur Springs Company.
Joseph Draper Sayers was the 22nd Governor of Texas from 1899 to 1903.
Elizabeth died November 1868 at Hiawatha, Kansas.
He is married to Mrs. Anthonia Omehia and they have three children.
Masot also served as subdelegate of the Intendant and superintendent general of Florida.
In 2000, he won a seat at the National Assembly of Venezuela.
He was president of the College Board, which administers the nationally recognized SAT and AP tests, from 1999–2012.
Emblem of Research by Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, he was awarded.
On September 9, 2001, there were riots in Jos between Christians and Muslims.
Francisco Domíguez Servién is a Mexican politician affiliated with the National Action Party.
Suswam's political crush led to his fleeing the country to some undisclosed destination in Europe or North America where he is currently taking refuge.
Stephen Fowler Chadwick was an American Democratic politician who served as the fifth Governor of Oregon from 1877 to 1878.
Fernando Canales is the son of Fernando Canales Salinas and Consuelo Clariond.
Rafael Gonzales was a Tejano military leader and Governor of Coahuila and Texas from 1824 to 1826.
His parents were members of the Church of the Brethren.
In his private life, the sociable Merriam was keen on sports, owned horses, and was said to possess "good nature, gracious manners, and an attractive personality."
After handing over to civilian rule, he was required to retire, as were all previous military administrators, in June 1999.
Provincial Reconstruction Team based in Qalat and their combined efforts to quickly deploy development projects across the province.
Achike Udenwa born 1948 was the governor of Imo State in Nigeria.
Thomas Talbot was an American textile mill owner and politician from Massachusetts, United States.
Despite being the favorite among Democrats, Moore came in third in the initial round of balloting, behind Democratic state Senator Gene Taylor and Republican Tom Anderson.
Samuels was later appointed a Judge of the New South Wales Court of Appeal in 1974, serving till his mandatory retirement in 1993, aged 70.
John E. Davis was Director of the Defense Civil Preparedness Agency from 1969 to 1976.
He is also known for the brutalities during the capture of Mechelen, Zutphen, Naarden and Haarlem.
Arthur Gustave Sorlie served as the 14th Governor of North Dakota from 1925 until his unexpected death in 1928 at the age of 54.
He was renominated as a candidate for reelection to the Fifty-second Congress, but declined to accept the nomination, retiring from public life and active business pursuits.
Ralph Lawrence Carr was the 29th Governor of Colorado from 1939 to 1943.
He was municipal president of the capital, also named San Luis Potosí, from 2000 to 2003.
Wyllys Street in Hartford is named after him.
Searle's men marauded and looted the city, killing 60 of its residents.
In 1820, Derbigny resigned from the Supreme Court of Louisiana to run unsuccessfully for Governor against J. N. Destréhan, Abner L. Duncan, and Thomas B. Robertson.
Returning to Massachusetts in 1662, he chose to enter politics instead of the ministry.
In 1927 he was enveloped in the international controversy surrounding the trial and execution of Sacco and Vanzetti, Italian immigrant anarchists convicted of robbery and murder.
Returning to Australia, he was appointed Governor of Western Australia in 1974.
His service was interrupted by the War of 1812, in which he commanded a company in the defense of Fort Meigs.
Carlos Howard was an Irish military person who exerted control as Governor of West Florida, between 1792 and 1793.
Politically George Hill joined the Democratic Party.
William Stoughton was a colonial magistrate and administrator in the Province of Massachusetts Bay.
He served one term, being defeated for re-election by Jim Doyle in 1990.
A few days after the declaration of independence he left New York City for Perth Amboy for his safety.
He then became an anti-Soviet mujahideen resistance commander for the Jamiat-e Islami.
His career reached its peak when he was appointed Governor and Commander-in-Chief of Bermuda in 1983.
William Alfred Buckingham was a Republican United States Senator from Connecticut.
Admiral Garcia Álvarez de Figueroa was appointed Governor and Captain General of the Island of Margarita on 30 April 1625.
He built a new Governors Lodge for Ogun State, opened on 27 April 1999 just before the handover to the civilian governor.
Manuel Pardo was a Spanish soldier who was the Interim Governor of the Province of Texas in 1817 and of Coahuila between 1819 and 1820.
He also opened the first nationwide chain of shoe stores devoted to selling the company's products.
Nunes served as the Governor of the Brazilian state of Pará for two, nonconsecutive tenures: 1966 to 1971 and from 1979 until 1983.
Though he had Union sympathies, he was considered a moderate, opposing both fugitive slave laws and the enlistment of black soldiers.
The new governor’s primary mission was to protect the colonies during the War of the Spanish Succession.
Ada Mercedes Maza is an Argentine Justicialist Party politician.
In 1869, he moved to Colorado at the age of 20, along with his brother William.
Irwandi first won a term as Governor in the 2006 Aceh regional election as an independent candidate.
He served several times on the Republican National Committee, and was elected Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts 1896-99 and Governor of Massachusetts 1900-03.
He is a member of the ruling All Progressives Congress Party.
In October 1986 he arranged for large-scale distribution of grain to Kano State farmers whose crops had been destroyed by pests.
During his term a four-year medical school at the University of Mississippi was initiated.
He had a successful career as a politician, and after his term ended in the Territory of Montana, Edgerton returned to Ohio.
W. Stuart Helm is a former Speaker of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
He was also involved in the Scout movement.
He is regarded as one of the U.S.
Madison died a short time into his term, whereupon Slaughter became acting governor.
Donnelly and Christopher S. "Kit" Bond are the only Missouri governors to serve two non-consecutive terms.
Paul Burney Johnson Sr. was an American attorney, judge, and politician, serving as United States Representative from Mississippi, 1919–1923, and as Governor of Mississippi, 1940–1943.
The next day, January 27, 2017, a federal judge ordered his release.
George Alfred Carlson was the 20th Governor of Colorado from 1915 to 1917.
Amasa Leland Stanford was an American tycoon, industrialist, politician, and the founder of Stanford University.
Over the next twenty-six years, he served as pastor of congregations in Indiana, Colorado, New York, and New Jersey.
Aaron Thomas Bliss was a U.S. Representative from and the 25th Governor of the US state of Michigan, and was from Saginaw.
He moved to Boston to start a business building ships and soon began to embark on treasure-hunting expeditions to the West Indies.
Elmore Yocum Sarles was an American politician who was the ninth Governor of North Dakota from 1905 to 1907.
Wallace retired in 1952 and died on January 29, 1961; he was buried at the United States Naval Academy Cemetery.
Álvarez Paz defeated COPEI party leader Eduardo Fernández, resigning his position as Governor in order to run.
Colonel Garba Mohammed was appointed Governor of Sokoto State in Nigeria from August 1985 to December 1987 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida.
William Gilpin was a 19th-century US explorer, politician, land speculator, and futurist writer about the American West.
Pedro Joaquín Coldwell is a Mexican politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party.
Seymour Lane Dwinell was an American manufacturer and Republican politician from Lebanon, New Hampshire.
He left office on January 4, 1881, returning to the lumber business.
Born in Hyderabad, Sindh,, he received his education at D.G.
Eghagha was born on 8 March 1934 in Mereje, Okpe Local Government Area, Urhoboland, Delta State.
Juan Carlos Rousselot was an Argentine radio and television personality, newspaper publisher, and former mayor of the Greater Buenos Aires suburb of Morón.
On September 12, 2006, she lost the Democratic Primary for Mayor to Adrian Fenty.
He was a U.S. Representative and Governor of Virginia, and US Minister to Brazil.
He is a native of Senboku, Akita, formerly known as Kakunodate Village in Senboku District, and a graduate of Tohoku University with a B.E.
Atiqullah Ludin was the Governor of Logar Province, Afghanistan in 2008–2013.
Robert Taylor Jones was the sixth Governor of the U.S. state of Arizona and served from 1939 to 1941.
John Alden Dix was the 38th Governor of New York from January 1911 to December 1912.
Benjamin Harrison Eaton was an American politician, entrepreneur and agriculturalist in the late 19th and early 20th century.
He arrived in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and married Felicité Odile de Hault de Lassus with whom he would have five daughters and two sons.
Twelve years later he reattempted it and won, becoming the first governor of the PAN in the history of the state.
After losing the 1840 and 1841 elections, he was elected in a narrow victory in 1842.
David Howell Jerome was an American politician.
Agustín de Ahumada y Villalón was a Spanish military officer and Viceroy of New Spain from 1755 to 1760.
John P. Glass was Speaker of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1867.
Sir Richard Gordon Turnbull, GCMG was a British colonial governor and the last governor of the British mandate of Tanganyika from 1958 to 1961.
Mary and Andrew had two children: Wilson and Thomas.
He was a lawyer, state attorney, member of the Florida House of Representatives, and speaker of the Florida House before being elected governor.
Among his priorities for the university was a bureau to translate Japanese books and a compilation bureau which would publish text books of modern knowledge.
Henry Tifft Gage was an American lawyer, politician and diplomat.
Carroll Smalley Page was an American businessman and politician.
Among the connections he made was one with the Marquess of Rockingham, a distant relative and a leading Whig politician.
Fernando Pérez de Almazán, was a Spanish emissary and Governor of Texas
Falk is the only woman to serve as Dane County Executive and was the first woman to seek a major party's gubernatorial nomination in Wisconsin.
He was made governor of Western Australia in 1975, a position in which he served until 1980, later returning to England, where he died in 1988.
Sullivan was born and raised in Berwick, Maine, and studied law with his brother John.
He is Alumni NAJA University and Commander Law Enforcement Forces of Islamic Republic of Iran in East Azerbaijan and Isfahan Province.
Cristian Moreno Panezo is a Colombian politician and lawyer from the Universidad del Atlantico with a specialization in constitutional law from the National University of Colombia.
He took his oath as Governor in Pueblo de Los Angeles, present day Los Angeles, on December 6, 1836.
From 2007, Basualdo was the second vice-president of the Senate, coordinating the senators from smaller parties from the interior of the country.
His political career spanned 40 years, beginning in November 1928 and ending in January 1969.
James Thomas Blair Jr. was an American Democratic politician from the state of Missouri.
Colonel Bala Mohammed Mande is a former Military Administrator of Nasarawa State.
He was the third Governor of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, serving from 1969 to 1973.
As Anambra Governor he approved construction of a headquarters building for the State Education Commission, but nothing was done until work started in 2009.
Cecil Farris Bryant was the 34th Governor of Florida.
He was Captain General, Governor and Mayor of Santa Fe de Nuevo Mexico.
Powell was born in Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
His descendants were a major influence in Worcester for much of the 19th century.
During his administration, Imo State airport was commissioned and built and still operates today.
He established a budget of N157 million for 1979, of which N76 million was devoted to capital expenditure.
This marked the second unsuccessful assault by Confederate troops against the Union's left flank on July 2, 1863, the second day of the Battle of Gettysburg.
During his stay, Freyer collected over 1,000 works of Peruvian art, now on display as the "Frank Barrow Freyer Collection" at the Denver Art Museum.
Isaacs was often in the minority in his early years on the court, particularly with regard to federalism.
He served as Pará's appointed Governor from 1979 to 1983.
Isaac Lee "Ike" Patterson, was the 18th Governor of Oregon from 1927 to 1929.
Stephen Royce was an American lawyer, judge and politician.
Due to his direct administrative role and concentration of power, Williams counteracted the loss of executive power under Governor Lee Cruce.
He also vigorously objected against banning orders and detention without trial of students and staff who protested against apartheid.
From February 4, 1736 to December 15, 1745 he was Viceroy of Peru.
He went on to command the USS Procyon and the USS Trenton before retiring.
He served as the 13th Lieutenant Governor of Idaho.
Osagie Ize-Iyamu is a Nigerian pastor, political figure, former chief of staff and secretary to the Edo state government.
Grant initially supported Cox and civil service reform, creating America's first Civil Service Commission.
Sir Cassam Ismael Moollan was the Acting Governor-General of Mauritius from 15 December 1985 until 17 January 1986.
Founder of Stratham, Rockingham, New Hampshire, that celebrated its 300th anniversary of incorporation in 2016.
In 2012 he finally won the elections defeating incumbent Governor Henrique Salas Feo.
He is a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party.
According to one later official, Zhang's contribution to the development of Peking University was second only to that of Cai Yuanpei.
Nicolás de Aguilar a Mestizo, was a Spanish official in New Mexico.
He is a Harvard University alumnus and a graduate of the University of Puerto Rico School of Law, where he obtained his Juris Doctor degree.
Thomas Howard "Tom" Kean Sr. is an American Republican Party politician, who served as the 48th Governor of New Jersey from 1982 to 1990.
After graduating from teacher-training college and entering politics, he served as the mayor of his home town and its representative in the state Congress.
Within a year, he was a captain, and by 1865 he was a major.
Sidney Johnston Catts was an American politician and anti-Catholic spokesman.
By 1634, Wyllys had been appointed an Assistant to the General Court of the Massachusetts Bay Colony.
Samuel Demeritt Felker was an American lawyer and Democratic politician from Rochester, New Hampshire.
Richard Ingoldsby or Ingoldesby was a British army officer and lieutenant governor of both New Jersey and New York.
Once back in New England, he changed the name of Shawomet to Warwick in gratitude to his patron in England.
Rasheed Adisa Raji was born in Abeokuta in Ogun State.
He also served as a representative to the United States Congress for Alabama's 2nd district from 1835 to 1839.
He is also a winner of the British R.A.F Andover Award
Craig was personally uninvolved in the scandal but was held responsible for it by the public, ending his political career.
Taylor went on to defeat Anderson in the runoff.
John Weber was Speaker of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1810.
He served as a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives and as the 41st Governor of New Hampshire.
Born in Ireland, he was an early supporter of William and Mary, siding with them in the Glorious Revolution.
With Nathan Woodworth Post, Lincoln was one of only two American Samoan governors to serve non-consecutive terms.
He settled next in Portsmouth where he met with a similar fate, being whipped for his insubordination towards the magistrates.
Hilario Perez Davide III is the current Governor of Cebu and the son of former Chief Justice, Hilario Davide, Jr.
After leaving the Navy, he became President and Chairman of the Mackay Radio and Telegraph Company, where he aggressively expanded telegraph and radio service overseas.
Longino died at age 87 and was interred at Cedar Lawn Cemetery in Jackson, Mississippi.
He was succeeded by Musa Khan Ahmadzai in 2010.
A third candidate, Silvano Aureoles of the Party of the Democratic Revolution, placed a distant third with 29%.
Lucky Nosakhare Igbinedion was born on 13 May 1957.
After he assumed office on December 1, 1998 a series of scandals tarnished the governor's office.
He brought Khost Shikh Zayed university to Khost city and he signed the contract of Khost-Gardez Pass road for these religious people by his struggles.
In October 1984, facing a new wave of religious fanaticism, he warned that prohibitions on open air religious preaching remained in force.
He was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly in 1892, and subsequently served as solicitor-general under James Patterson and attorney-general under George Turner and Alexander Peacock.
As Governor, he discriminated against the Samoan people, believing they had little ability to plan or administer, and were generally lazy.
His actions helped lead to the anti-imperialistic Mau movement, stemming from perceived racism and a belief that the marriage law promoted anti-Christian promiscuity.
He was unsuccessful in his bid for a seat to the Lower House of Parliament in the 2005 elections.'
Pinckney was an ancestor of seven future South Carolina governors, a few of which have prominent South Carolinian names, including the Maybank and Rhett families.
Born in Narrandera, New South Wales, Bashir graduated from the University of Sydney in 1956 and held various medical positions, with a particular emphasis in psychiatry.
He was elected governor of Massachusetts three times by wide margins, but died shortly after the start of his third term.
From 1924 to 1928, he was a Republican member of the New York State Assembly.
Mohammad Omar was the Governor of Kunduz Province, Afghanistan.
Kenneth Johansson is a Swedish Centre Party politician who is the current Governor of Värmland County, in office since 2012.
He then reduced the number of guards watching the missions from three to one per mission.
In 2011, incumbent Coahuila Governor Humberto Moreira left office early to become President of the Institutional Revolutionary Party.
He served as the 39th Governor of Michigan from 1943 to 1947.
As of 2017, he is also the most recent Democrat to hold the title of South Dakota governor.
His removal from the position of Royal Governor of Chiloé was related to his violation the secrecy of correspondence of local Jesuits.
Daniel Bursk "Dan" Strickler was the 19th Lieutenant Governor of Pennsylvania from 1947 to 1950, under Governor James Duff.
The first changed the title of South Carolina’s chief executive office from president to governor.
She is the former Second Lady of the Philippines for being the wife of former Vice President Jejomar Binay.
He was also Imam of Islamic Centre Hamburg between 1970 and 1978.
He took part in the battles of Fredericksburg and Chancellorsville.
He returned to the NDA after the war and was commissioned in August 1970, with loss of seniority.
John Lyde Wilson was the 49th Governor of South Carolina from 1822 to 1824 and an ardent supporter of dueling.
He was succeeded by Lieutenant Governor Fielding L. Wright.
As a Senator, he supported the annexation of Texas.
He moved to Santa Fe, New Mexico, in 1920 and was an independent oil operator and in 1928 became president of the United States Asphalt Company.
Luis Roberto García Díaz-Granados was a Colombian politician and two time Governor of the Department of Cesar.
Jolly Tavoro Nyame was Governor of Taraba State in Nigeria from 29 May 1999 to 29 May 2007.
Swift left his commercial enterprises in 1861 for the state senate seat that propelled him into the governorship.
Bamberger retains the distinction of being the first non-Mormon, the first Democrat, as well as the first, and to date only, Jewish Governor of Utah.
Samuel Shute was an English military officer and royal governor of the provinces of Massachusetts and New Hampshire.
He retired from the Navy in 1996.
Ríos graduated as a pharmacist from the National University of Rosario.
Colonel Paul Edor Obi was Administrator of Bayelsa State, Nigeria from July 1998 to May 1999 during the transitional regime of General Abdulsalami Abubakar.
During the Spanish–American War, he participated in the Battle of Santiago de Cuba, after which he commanded a number of ships.
He married Mary Elizabeth McComas on October 29, 1845, who died in 1897; and his second was Susannah Emswiler Jameson.
He was the brother of Thomas Saltus Lubbock, for whom Lubbock County, Texas and the City of Lubbock are named.
Elbert County, Colorado; Elbert, Colorado; and Mount Elbert, the highest peak in the Rocky Mountains, are named in honor of Samuel Hitt Elbert.
He worked for Squire Gore, and within five years his health had returned and he had saved enough money to purchase his own farm.
James Thomas served as the 23rd Governor of the state of Maryland in the United States from 1833 to 1836.
He sat in support of then President Néstor Kirchner.
Roswell Pettibone Flower was the 30th Governor of New York from 1892 to 1894.
His term ended in 1987 and José Bordón succeeded him as governor.
Adams was born in Boston, brought up in a religious and politically active family.
He was a native of New Brunswick.
Nasry Juan Asfura Zablah also known as Tito Asfura is a Honduran politician of Palestinian origin.
He also removed Chief Tui Manu'a from power, resulting in widespread protest among the islands' people.
He was again a member of the State Council in 1812 and 1813, and in 1824 died in Freehold; interment was in Old Tennent Cemetery, Manalapan.
then studied at the University of Nigeria, Nsukka from 1961–1963.
He was once an assistant director NSO State House Annex, He was also the Assistant Inspector General of Police in charge of Zone 7 Abuja.
Barjas resigned in July 2004 after his 3 sons were released in Fallujah by militants who had been holding them.
He was the youngest brother of freedom fighter N. R. Malkani.
In 1982 Unisteel Ltd. presented The Shehu Kangiwa Cup in his memory, and the cup is now sponsored by Sokoto State Government.
He sold the business in 1933 and entered the University of Utah, graduating in 1936.
Previously Cox served as Maryland Secretary of Disabilities.
He regularly hosted their meetings at his home.
John Wood was the 12th Governor of Illinois, serving from March 18, 1860, to January 14, 1861.
He is married and has two children.
As a governor, he delivered mixed results and consequently the PRI regained control of the state at the end of his term.
He served as the second Governor of Michigan and a United States Senator from Michigan.
In 1984, Joe Abulu was appointed the first Chief Servant of Mighty of God Community, a Catholic organization based in Kaduna.
He served two one-year terms as the Mayor of Portland, Maine from 1889 to 1890.
He was elected to the US Congress from Kentucky in 1862 representing the Unionist Party, serving until 1866.
Gerardo Rubén Morales is an Argentine politician, leader of the Radical Civic Union.
He assumed his role as the Governor of Bayelsa State in southern Nigeria on 14 February 2012.
Matthew Mirones is a former Republican politician from New York City who represented parts of Brooklyn and Staten Island in the New York State Assembly.
He served in both branches of the Massachusetts General Court from the 1750s to the 1770s.
He held the governor's office from January 1, 1927 to January 1, 1931.
From 1822 to 1823 and again from 1829 to 1830 he was a member of the Alabama House of Representatives.
Ventidius Cumanus was the Roman procurator of Iudaea Province from AD 48 to c. AD 52.
He acted as the National Working Committee chair from 16 February 2016 until the National Convention, when he was removed and replaced by Ahmed Makarfi.
New York Magazine called Bergrin "The Baddest Lawyer in the History of Jersey - And that’s saying something".
When two factions of the union of Local Government Employees began publishing two rival newsletters, Anthony Obi banned them both.
After graduating from the United States Naval Academy, Milne served many posts in the Navy, including heading the Department of Modern Languages at the Naval Academy.
Waena was a Member of the National Parliament for Ulawa-Ugi constituency in the Makira-Ulawa Province from 1984 to 2004.
John Reynolds was a United States politician from the state of Illinois.
He was appointed to the board of directors of other companies including Intercontinental Engineering & Homes Development, ScanHomes Nigeria, Lottoj Oil and Gas and Eterna Plc.
His estate was forfeited to the Crown.
Earlier on his career, he served as governor, and expanded funding for fighting the infectious diseases running through the native population.
King George V was opposed to the idea but eventually consented, and Isaacs took office in January 1931 as the first Australian-born holder of the office.
Hubert Horatio "Skip" Humphrey III is a former Minnesota politician who served as Attorney General of the state from 1983 to 1999.
Troadello, a lawyer by profession, had served at the provincial Irrigation Department since 1997.
He was the only colonial governor at the start of the Revolution to take up the rebel cause.
Two of his sons died of yellow fever later that year.
His era as governor is recorded as witnessing massive developments in health and education sectors as well in general infrastructure and rural development.
Murphy won the Republican nomination for governor in 1936.
Dedicated to his father William Bull, King's Counsel of South Carolina.
Allen was treasurer of American Sugar Refining in 1910, its president in 1913, and in 1915 he joined its board of directors.
He also halted the practice of leasing state prisoners out to private businesses.
He died on November 12, 2002 in Charlotte, North Carolina.
In 1841, his parents Beebe and Hannah Booth moved from Salem to Terre Haute, Indiana.
Azizi is an ethnic Pashtun from the Mangal tribe.
Henry McBride was the fourth Governor of Washington state, United States from 1901 to 1905.
A Democrat, he served as the 36th Governor of Wisconsin.
Seeley represented Cumberland County in the New Jersey Legislative Council from 1829 through 1833.
Gore invested his fortune in a variety of businesses, including important infrastructure projects such as the Middlesex Canal and a bridge across the Charles River.
The board would also preserve produce for times of need, and would set up processing companies for perishable produce such as tomatoes and other vegetables.
He was also a congressman and senator for Alabama.
Colve was commissioned when the Netherlands retook New York City during the Third Anglo-Dutch War after nine years of British rule.
His first public office was City Attorney and he also served as Mayor of Gallup for four years.
William Alexander MacCorkle, was a United States teacher, lawyer, prosecutor, the ninth Governor of West Virginia and state legislator of West Virginia, and financier.
In 1969 and 1970 both he and his wife were hospitalised, in his case with a coronary occlusion.
Sergey Gerasimovich Mitin is a Russian politician.
His memoirs were published in 1939 under the title: Memoirs of Bryant B. Brooks: Cowboy, Trapper, Lumberman, Stockman, Oilman, Banker, and Governor of Wyoming.
Eric R. Dinallo is a partner at the law firm Debevoise & Plimpton LLP.
Anthony van Diemen was a Dutch colonial governor.
After being both a State and Federal prosecutor, Bergrin became a defense lawyer.
The confusion has also spread to more modern historians.
A Republican, he was elected the 27th Governor of New Mexico in 1986.
Upon his return to the Dutch Republic he was a sergeant-major under Caspar de Mauregnault in 1679 and lieutenant-colonel under Jacques-Louis Comte de Noyelles in 1683.
He is a member of the 6th and 7th Islamic Consultative Assembly from the electorate of Ardabil, Nir, Namin and Sareyn.
He served in the United States House of Representatives and was the state's 38th governor.
He also took drastic measures to control the leprosy epidemic on the island, removing the infected to Philippines.
He later became Director of the Office of Naval Intelligence.
He was a member of the House of Nobles in 1890, supporter of Liliuokalani and ironically a captain in the pro-annexation Honolulu Rifles.
He also served on the United States National Security Council and in the Office of Emergency Planning during the administration of President Lyndon B. Johnson.
Further accusations, had it that campaign work was compulsory for state employees, under Yates.
He was a Knight of St. Sylvester.
Robert Brooke was a soldier and Virginia political figure who served as the tenth Governor of Virginia.
McDonald did not seek reelection in 1906, but ran unsuccessfully in the 1908 gubernatorial election.
His descendants include his son William H. Sumner, for whom the Sumner Tunnel in Boston, Massachusetts is named, and 20th-century diplomats Sumner Welles and Sumner Gerard.
This developed as the city of New Rochelle, New York.
From February 2009 to August 2010, Brahui served as the Minister of Refugees.
He also helped found NMSU's Domenici Institute and serves as its director.
U R not my friend" after Marquez had allegedly ridiculed her while drunk at a lobbyist party.
Hungry for revenue for his projects, Sadikin legalized gambling and steambaths, much to the outrage of many Muslim groups.
The founder of the U.S territory's Democratic Party, he had a long career in the legislature and the judiciary in American Samoa.
He won election to the state senate, completing his second term in 1875.
He helped establish NMSU's economic development operation, the Arrowhead Center, and served as the university's vice president for economic development.
His father's name was Jacob Pile and his mother's name was Comfort Williams.
Sir Gilbert Thomas Carter KCMG was an administrative officer in the Royal Navy and a colonial official for the British Empire.
He attended the common schools at Westbrook Academy and learned the trade of tanning from his father.
Thomas H. Moodie was born in Winona, Minnesota.
Insurgents kidnapped Alwani's son on September 6, 2005, but he was later safely returned.
Mahmud Mahmud was an Iranian politician and historian.
He served seven months in office as governor, his two-year term ending prematurely when Washington attained statehood in November 1889.
After the fall of the Taliban he was appointed governor of Sar-e Pol Province.
Channing Harris Cox was an American Republican politician, lawyer, and businessman from Massachusetts.
He is a member of the 4th Assembly of Experts from the Zanjan Province electorate.
William Michael Crose was a United States Navy Captain and the seventh Naval Governor of American Samoa, from November 10, 1910 to March 14, 1913.
Most of his education reform took place in his first term.
Major-General Abdul Rahman Alhaji Mamudu was military Governor of Gongola State, Nigeria between July 1978 and October 1979 during the military regime of General Olusegun Obasanjo.
among the locals because he reportedly asked this question about any government project, asking how big his cut would be.
He then later served as Boston mayor, during a period which included the Great Boston Fire of 1872.
Eugene Bookhammer was an American politician who served as the 18th Lieutenant Governor of Delaware, as a Republican, from January 21, 1969 until January 18, 1977.
He was MP of Islamic Consultative Assembly in the electoral district of Tehran in the beginning of the revolution for first, second, fourth and fifth terms.
The town of Eaton, Colorado in western Weld County is named for him.
In addition to supporting community colleges, he also furthered the redevelopment of parts of Boston, supporting development of the Prudential Center and Government Center.
His son-in-law is Emmanuel Uduaghan, elected governor of Delta State in April 2007.
Before entering the gubernatorial election, Ahmad Heryawan was a member of Jakarta House of Representatives, taking position as one of the vice chairmen of the house.
He served as its lieutenant governor for fourteen years, including an extended period from 1723 to 1728 when he acted as governor.
On his return, he was elected the 33rd Governor of South Carolina, serving a single term in 1782 and 1783.
She is an attorney and former Planning Commissioner.
In 1630 he married Maria van Aelst.
Delbar Jan Arman has a military and academic background.
In 1776, he was elected to the new North Carolina Senate and was elected its first speaker.
Roberto Raúl Iglesias is an Argentine Radical Civic Union politician, a former leader of the party and formerly a deputy and governor of Mendoza Province.
Under the leadership of Territorial Governor William Pickering, state government took responsibility for the care of the mentally ill.
In a long-running border dispute between Massachusetts and New Hampshire, Belcher sided with Massachusetts interests despite openly proclaiming neutrality in the matter.
He worked in the family business and studied further at California State University and at CEPAL, in Chile.
He has authored more than 60 research reports and papers in the field of hydrology.
Prior to his election, he served as the chairman of the Borno Water Board and the chairman of the Cooperative and Commerce Bank Limited.
Park practiced law in Platte City and served as Platte City's attorney and Platte County prosecuting attorney.
He was elected to the state senate in December 1859.
Air Commodore Jonah David Jang is a Nigerian politician who was the Governor of Plateau State from 2007 to 2015.
Belcher was appointed governor of New Jersey in 1747 with support from its Quaker community.
Born in Jacksonville to Isaiah Hart, one of the city's founders, he was raised on his father's plantation along the St. Johns River.
An examination of their family trees shows that the two men were second cousins once removed.
He stepped down in 2003, being elected to the Argentine Chamber of Deputies.
Vázquez Colmenares was born in 1934 in Tuxtepec, Oaxaca.
He spent the rest of the war at various Japanese prisoner of war camps.
His term was marked by crop failures due to the boll weevil.
During the American Civil War, he entered the Union Army in July 1862 colonel of the 136th Pennsylvania Infantry.
Joseph Albree Gilmore was an American railroad superintendent from Concord, New Hampshire and the Governor of New Hampshire from 1863 to 1865.
Keramuddin Keram is a politician in Afghanistan, who has served as Governor of Panjshir Province till November 2, 2013.
María Fabiana Ríos is an Argentine politician of the party ARI.
Joshua Lawrence Chamberlain was an American college professor from the State of Maine, who volunteered during the American Civil War to join the Union Army.
His sister, Martha Reed Mitchell married banker and railroad tycoon, Alexander Mitchell.
Alexander Martin was the fourth and seventh Governor of the U.S. state of North Carolina from 1782 to 1784 and from 1789 to 1792.
Armand's brother, Lieutenant General Charles Martin, who commanded troops stationed at Fort de Boueff in the late 1790s, settled in Carlisle, Pennsylvania.
She served as the 17th State Auditor of Minnesota, from 2003 to 2007.
In 1872 he was made superintendent of the girls' department of the state reform school in Iowa, and his wife was appointed matron.
Clinton was a major candidate for the American presidency in the election of 1812, challenging incumbent James Madison.
He earned his law degree from the National University of La Plata in 1944.
He previously served as acting lieutenant governor for nine months in 1875.
He is known as "the Father of Modern North Carolina."
As governor, Martin saw to the dissolution of the state bank, which he had perceived as crooked.
Before becoming active in politics, Allen acquired ownership of newspapers throughout Kansas, beginning with the Manhattan Nationalist in Manhattan, Kansas in 1894.
Cecil Harland Underwood was an American Republican Party politician from West Virginia, known for the length of his career.
After leaving office, he returned to Wichita and his law practice.
He first became governor in 1839 when the legislature failed to grant a majority of votes to the three leading contenders.
He was inaugurated on 7 October 2007.
Piet Alexander Tallo was an Indonesian politician.
He rose rapidly in prominence, and was elected lieutenant governor in 1879 and governor in 1880.
Interment was in Highland Cemetery, Junction City.
Rafael Alejandro Moreno Cárdenas is a Mexican politician current Governor of Campeche, who is affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party.
Terry was elected to the South Dakota Senate as a Republican in 1941 to represent the 29th district.
He subsequently continued his philanthropic work and founded Massey College at the University of Toronto and the Massey Lectures before he died on December 30, 1967.
However, Meadows was instead drawn toward the stage and, after receiving a degree from Washington and Lee University, he became active in his hometown's theater troupe.
Coles corresponded with and advised both Thomas Jefferson and James Madison to free their slaves.
After the 2007 elections, President Umaru Yar'Adua appointed him Minister of Culture & Tourism.
When publisher William Allen White objected, he was arrested in a free speech battle.
After his service as governor, Haines was appointed in 1852 an Associate Justice to the New Jersey Supreme Court, an office which he held into 1866.
Carel Reyniersz was Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies from 1650 until 1653.
He entered national politics with his election to the United States House of Representatives in 1800, but was immediately tapped by Jefferson to become Attorney General.
During the Republic of Texas period, President Sam Houston appointed Lubbock to be comptroller.
He resigned as governor on 30 October 2009.
He was the first Executive Governor of Abia State, Nigeria from February 1992 to December 1993.
He was brevetted to brigadier general in March 1865.
Colonel Aina Joseph Owoniyi was Administrator of Taraba State, Nigeria from August 1998 to May 1999 during the transitional regime of General Abdulsalami Abubakar.
Born in 1907 in the Governorate of Estonia of the Russian Empire, he emigrated to the United States at an early age.
He appointed numerous non-whites to positions in state government.
In 1991 there were riots in Tafawa Balewa, where Christians and Muslims disputed a shared abattoir.
The case, where both victim and assailant were from the upper crust of Boston society, featured the first use of forensic dentistry to secure a conviction.
There is some uncertainty as to the time and place of Burton's birth.
He became a member of the Kentucky militia, serving throughout his political career.
He was the 35th Governor of New Hampshire and later represented the state in the United States Senate.
His former careers include consulate general in Peshawar, Pakistan, during the government of Burhanuddin Rabbani in early 1990s.
Carlton Skinner was the first civilian governor of Guam and a prominent advocate for the integration of the United States Armed Forces.
President Andrew Johnson appointed Parsons provisional governor of Alabama on June 21, 1865.
Thomas Burke was named to replace him.
The movement was conducted both inside and outside Goa, and was characterised by a range of tactics including nonviolent demonstrations, revolutionary methods and diplomatic efforts.
Doyle Elam Carlton, Sr. was an American politician who served as the 25th Governor of the state of Florida.
He and another brother, Dudley, migrated to Europe and served with the French army later in the 1640s.
From a prominent Rhode Island family, his father, William Greene Sr., had served 11 terms as a colonial governor of Rhode Island.
The following year, Ashe was appointed presiding judge of the state Superior Court, a post which he held until 1795.
In 1865, President Andrew Johnson appointed him the postal agent for Florida.
He refused on the grounds that as a military administrator he was not required to give an account to civilians.
A federal judge ordered his release into the general population.
However, four years later, he was victorious in his election for secretary of state, an office he held for twelve years.
He leads the Neuquén People's Movement and was a candidate for President of Argentina in 2007.
Concurrently he serves as the Honorary President of the Human Development Foundation India, a Civil Society Organisation in the National Capital Region, New Delhi.
He established the Ogun State School of Health Technology of Ilese-Ijebu, at first on a temporary site.
In May 2015, Hawkins announced he would run for City Auditor and that the election would be a "voters' audit of the city auditor," Marty Masterpole.
O'Conor was called "The Red Captain" by the Apache, both for the color of his hair and his formidable military leadership.
A Loyalist, he left the colony in 1782 when British troops were evacuated at the end of the American Revolutionary War, and died in London.
In 1870 Austin was elected governor of Minnesota and McGill was selected as his private secretary.
His son Ali Malakouti is member of the Assembly of Experts.
As a member of Congress, Sullivan worked closely with the US Ambassador the Chevalier de la Luzerne.
He is buried at the Maple Grove Cemetery in Wichita, Kansas.
In 2009, he was one of the promoters of a new Amana State to be carved out of Adamawa.
After serving in the United States Congress, he served three terms as Governor of Massachusetts, notably defeating Benjamin Franklin Butler in the 1884 election.
He served as the 18th Governor of Michigan; he was the first governor to be born in Michigan.
Dalton won the office with 55.9% of the vote, defeating Democrat Henry E. Howell, Jr and Independent Alan R. Ogden.
He was replaced in the same year and his administration ended.
Longley died of cancer on August 16, 1980, and was interred at Mount Hope Cemetery in Lewiston.
He served as a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives and the 26th Governor of Arkansas, from 1921 to 1925.
Lara's body was found several hours later.
In 1913, he was forced into retirement after not having spent a large enough portion of his service at sea.
Murray agreed and issued certification to Campbell in spite of his poor showing.
In 1829, Bell was defeated for re-election by Benjamin Pierce.
it does not possess the answer to every question in life".
Ochefu was ostensibly fired for his conduct before the coup as Commanding Officer of the Lagos Garrison.
Jean is also currently the Special Envoy for Haiti for the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization and Chancellor of the University of Ottawa.
Prior to that appointment, he served as secretary and general administrative assistant to the East Florida Governor Vicente Manuel de Céspedes y Velasco, in St. Augustine.
During this time of political activity, Ward became a founder and trustee of Rhode Island's first college, Brown University.
He participated in four separate uprisings and briefly served as Maryland's governor as the 1st Leader of the Protestant Associators.
He was the second Governor of Wyoming after that state joined the Union in 1890.
Peñalosa's administration was notable for its positive treatment of the Pueblo Indians and their religious practices.
James Henry Hawley was an American attorney and politician from Idaho.
He began practicing law in 1805 and was named North Carolina Attorney General in 1810.
In the Navy, he had numerous commands, and served in the Spanish–American War.
Previously close to former President and fellow La Rioja Senator Carlos Menem, she is now in the ranks of followers of Kirchnerism.
Following the outbreak of the Mexican-American War, he joined the 1st Texas Volunteers as a private in February 1847.
He was born April 21, 1896 in Windsor, New York, but moved to Rhode Island later in life.
But he lost his bid for re-election in 1938.
After General Ibrahim Babangida took power, he was appointed Minister of Works and Housing, and later Minister of the Federal Capital Territory.
He is also the Speaker of the Bayelsa State House of Assembly.
Pinchback as acting governor for the thirty-five days left in Warmoth's term.
Johnston Murray was an American lawyer and the 14th governor of Oklahoma.
Besides being an award winning photojournalist and team builder, Knisely has been a speaker internationally, at numerous universities, and industry conferences.
Mir-Ebrahim-Seyyed Hatami, is one of the high rank Ayatullah of Ardabil province, and a member of the Assembly of Experts.
Many projects started by the previous regime were abandoned.
Cappellini served as Mayor of Villa Ojo de Agua, a position later held by her husband.
Amaechi had won the PDP primaries, but the party had substituted Omehia at the last moment due to allegations of graft.
Lazarus Whitehead Powell was the 19th Governor of Kentucky, serving from 1851 to 1855.
In 1702, he returned to New England after being appointed governor of the provinces of Massachusetts Bay and New Hampshire, posts that he held until 1715.
He died in office of tuberculosis on February 21, 1834.
He also served as Deputy of the LXI Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Yucatán.
Colonel Joseph Olayeni Oni was the military governor of Niger State, Nigeria from July 1978 to October 1979 during the military regime of General Olusegun Obasanjo.
The future Governor grew up on his father's farm.
Haines was buried at North Hardyston Cemetery in Hardyston Township, New Jersey.
In 2003 she led the ARI block in the Buenos Aires legislature.
His involvement in the Battle of Spotsylvania Court House in Virginia, resulted in him being promoted and serious injury.
José Antonio Manso de Velasco y Sánchez de Samaniego was a Spanish soldier and politician who served as governor of Chile and viceroy of Peru.
Thomas Cushing III was an American lawyer, merchant, and statesman from Boston, Massachusetts.
His father was largely credited for the landslide victory of President Arroyo and her slate in the 2004 elections.
While governor, Aspinall dealt with a number of issues, including educational system reform and the subsequent resignation of many teachers and school personnel.
Currently he is the ambassador of Iran to the Republic of Azerbaijan.
He served as a U.S. Representative from Vermont and the seventeenth Governor of Vermont.
He was elected to the District 7 board in 1908, and as District 7 president in 1910; he served until 1925.
He promised a balanced budget, government aid to private business, and lower taxes.
General Heriberto Jara Corona was a Mexican revolutionary and politician who served as Governor of Veracruz.
She is the mother of former Makati Mayor Jejomar "Junjun" Binay, Jr. and 2nd District of Makati Representative and now Mayor Mar-Len Abigail "Abby" Binay.
Hungerford became governor on January 27, 1945, and faced the daunting task of restoring the island to a pre-Pacific War economy.
In 1900, White was the Republican nominee for Governor of West Virginia and defeated Democrat John H. Holt by 19156 votes.
John Owen was the 24th Governor of the U.S. state of North Carolina and the first Democrat NC Governor from 1828 to 1830.
His main accomplishment was to rationalize state finances after the state's internal improvements fiasco.
On 19 August 2008, he was charged with five more counts.
Pablo de Hita y Salazar was a Spanish officer who served as the governor of Spanish Florida from 1675 to 1680.
He is grandfather of incumbent Governor of Chiapas, Manuel Velasco Coello.
Martinez became the chairman of the Business Coordinating Council of Chihuahua in 1991.
Ibrahim Shehu Shema is a Nigerian lawyer and politician who was elected Governor of the northern Katsina State during the 2007 general elections.
As a youth, he showed a passion for public speaking, and his parents attempted to direct him toward a career as a Baptist minister.
Branch returned to North Carolina in the early 1850s, remaining there until his death on January 4, 1863.
In 2000 he was on a Visiting Research Professor assignment in the University of Lausanne, Switzerland.
Blount's efforts to raise funds and soldiers during the War of 1812 earned Tennessee the nickname, "Volunteer State."
Senator from Arizona from 1965 to 1977.
William Hodges Mann was an American Democratic politician.
He held several local political offices and represented the area in the Virginia House of Delegates.
Hannett married Louise Westfall, daughter of William and Estella Westfall, at Clyde, New York on August 13, 1913.
Floro Eleuterio Bogado is an Argentine Justicialist Party politician, lawyer and diplomat.
She retired from the services of the Anambra State Government in 1991 and founded the Bennet Etiaba Memorial Schools, Nnewi, of which she was the proprietress.
He was the 29th Governor of Kansas from 1943 to 1947 and a U.S.
Duilio Antonio Rafael Brunello was an Argentine Peronist politician.
In 2002, he was legal advisor to the All Nigeria People's Party ANPP.
Professor Rajasekharan Pillai is an Elected Fellow of the Indian Academy of Sciences.
He handed back to Ibrahim Idris on 29 March 2008 after Idris had won a fresh election.
It was not successful and Elisha Baxter remained in office.
Abu Ali was a down to earth military man who gave his full concentration to his work.
After the war Abdul Latif Ibrahimi became Governor of the Province.
Robert S. Murphy was the ninth Lieutenant Governor of Pennsylvania from 1907 to 1911.
He also has served as Deputy of the LIX Legislature of the Mexican Congress as a plurinominal representative.
Air Vice-Marshal Usman Mu'azu was the military governor of Kaduna State, Nigeria from January 1984 to June 1988 during the military regime of General Muhammadu Buhari.
In July 2009, his sixth son, Police Superintendent Abdulaziz Faruk, was killed during violence in Maiduguri triggered by the Boko Haram extreme Islamist sect.
He was a banker in Live Oak until his death in 1957.
Rex A. Terry was a banker and politician in the United States state of South Dakota.
He also began his political career there, serving in the House of Burgesses from 1761 to 1765, before moving to New Bern, North Carolina.
His father, George T. Mickelson, was also a governor of South Dakota, serving from 1947 to 1951.
Manuel María de Salcedo y Quiroga,, was a governor of Spanish Texas from 1808 until his execution in 1813.
Ildefonso Guajardo Villarreal is a Mexican economist and politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party who is the incumbent Secretary of Economy of Mexico.
After the Civil War, he entered the banking business and remained in that business for the rest of his life.
During his term in office, Gongola state suffered severe financial constraints.
He ran for the U.S. Senate in 1932, but was defeated in the primary by James Pope, the mayor of Boise.
Joseph B. Poindexter had allowed the military to take over the government on December 7, 1941.
He was appointed to the New York Supreme Court by then New York Governor Eliot Spitzer in 2008.
He served another term in the State Assembly, and then in the New York State Senate.
Rather than name one of themselves as leader, they handed power to General Murtala Mohammed, with General Olusegun Obasanjo as Chief of Staff.
Defeated for re-election to Congress, Spaight returned to the state legislature.
Russell McWhortor Cunningham was an American Democratic politician who was the acting Governor of Alabama from April 25, 1904 to March 5, 1905.
Upon the death of his grandfather 10 years later, Ponsonby succeeded as Earl of Bessborough and took his seat in the House of Lords.
At age 14 Tsukanov began working as a combiner's assistant, later becoming an electrical welder at the Micromotor factory in Gusev.
Jorge Aristóteles Sandoval Díaz is a Mexican politician belonging to the Institutional Revolutionary Party.
Luis de Guzmán y Figueroa was a Spanish soldier who served as governor of New Mexico from 1647 to 1649.
He served as the 32nd Governor of Rhode Island from 1873 to 1875.
Seeley was named to serve as governor after Samuel L. Southard stepped down from office to take a seat in the United States Senate.
He is the father of Philip Owen, who served three terms as the mayor of the city of Vancouver.
He was the governor of Córdoba Province from 1999 until 2007, and was reelected to the post in 2011.
On December 5, 1816, the South Carolina General Assembly elected Pickens as governor by secret ballot.
He served as the 61st Lieutenant Governor of Vermont from 1941 to 1945, and as the 66th Governor of Vermont from 1945 to 1947.
From 1944 to 1960, Blood was the New Hampshire delegate to Republican National Convention.
With a college classmate and fraternity brother, Rufus Lenoir Patterson, he donated the Morehead-Patterson Bell Tower on the campus.
A Republican, Gage was elected to a single term as the 20th governor of California from 1899 to 1903.
Bassøe was later County Governor of Troms and Vestfold.
Pat Morris Neff was the 28th Governor of Texas from 1921 to 1925 and ninth President of Baylor University from 1932 to 1947.
Born in Saladillo, Buenos Aires Province, Cóccaro relocated to Tierra del Fuego at age 20 with his brother, with whom he started a construction firm.
He served as Governor of Hong Kong between 20 May 1982 and 5 December 1986.
Houx did not complete his course, however, turning his attention to commercial interests.
Hatfield was nephew to Devil Anse Hatfield, leader of the Hatfield clan.
Colonel Anthony Aboki Ochefu was a Military Governor of East Central State from July 1975 to February 1976 during the military regime of General Murtala Mohammed.
In 1838 he was appointed Commissioner to adjust the claims of mixed-bloods and traders at Fort Snelling for the Dakota under the 1837 Dakota treaty.
He also served as a senior officer of the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War.
He held the latter position from September 21, 1621 to January 15, 1624 or November 1, 1624.
He served with distinction in three wars – the Revolutionary War, Northwest Indian War, and War of 1812.
Congressman Cox supported President Hayes's reform efforts, but his term as Congressman was unsuccessful at establishing permanent Civil Service reform.
Haynes was influential in the drafting of laws and legal frameworks in both Massachusetts and Connecticut.
In January 2009 he was named as the Mexican ambassador to Canada.
He was known as an excellent lecturer and frequently gave public recitals of poetry.
After months of convalescence and rehabilitation at the Percy Jones Army Hospital in Battle Creek, Swainson learned to walk upright and unassisted.
Stephen Bennett Packard, a native of Maine, emerged as an important Republican politician in Louisiana during the era of Reconstruction.
He was among the last to be released, after election results were declared in March 1977.
He later purchased the San Justo Estancia, a lenga beech sawmill near Río Grande.
Burnet died in office, and was eventually replaced in 1730 by Jonathan Belcher, who selected William Tailer to be his lieutenant.
She is a member of the 6th Islamic Consultative Assembly from the electorate of Tehran.
From 1988 to 1998 Pérez Vivas worked as a deputy of the Venezuelan National Congress.
Part of their responsibility is addressing Afghanistan's problems with opium.
He served as chief judge from 1975–1976, and assumed senior status on December 20, 1976, continuing in that capacity until his death.
De Lima was a member of the Movement for Socialism for 32 years, but in 2012 described MAS as "a failed project".
His district was pro-slavery and consequently he narrowly lost his bid for a third term.
He also has served as Senator of the LV Legislature of the Mexican Congress and as Deputy during the LX Legislature.
He was the acting governor from April 1783 to November.
He is the father of former U.S.
Bailey moved to Atchison, Kansas, in 1907 and engaged in the banking business.
A dormitory at Florida State University is also named after the former governor.
In addition to his political activities, Bowdoin was active in scientific pursuits, collaborating with Benjamin Franklin in his pioneering research on electricity.
James Herbert Budd was an American lawyer and Democratic politician.
He was a member of the Muhlenberg family political dynasty.
He is a member of the Republican Force Tucumán, a political party founded by former general Antonio Bussi.
Sir Geoffry Alexander Stafford Northcote, KCMG was a British colonial administrator.
Pedro Álvarez de Toledo y Zúñiga, jure uxoris Marquis of Villafranca del Bierzo was a Spanish politician.
Morehead was instrumental in raising private funds for a railroad line to accompany $2 million provided by the legislature.
Elmer John Kilroy was Speaker of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
He once referred to State legislators as "pimps".
His impact on a generation of young attorneys was symbolized by the affectionate title "Old Alcalde" bestowed upon him by his students.
His lieutenant governor, M. Jodi Rell, replaced him as governor.
He was succeeded as the Republican nominee in 1928 by W. B. Kinne, but returned to the position in October 1929 after Kinne died in office.
Earl Leroy Brewer was the Governor of Mississippi from 1912 to 1916.
Frank Barrows Freyer was a United States Navy captain who served as the 14th Naval Governor of Guam.
Leonel Godoy Rangel is a Mexican lawyer, politician, and former Governor of Michoacán.
He was killed in a road traffic accident on 7 July 2011.
She was elected Governor of Santiago del Estero Province in 2013, succeeding her husband, Gerardo Zamora, currently Provisional President of Argentine Senate.
He is known, particularly in Washington, as "The Father of Modern Washington."
Michael Vincent DiSalle was a Democratic politician from Ohio.
Born in 1883 in Somerville, Tennessee, he received his undergraduate degree from Princeton University and his Juris Doctor from the University of Chicago.
Their daughter Adda Dickerson married Thomas Grant Cullison in Windsor Colorado on September 20, 1900.
Salvador Jara Guerrero is a Mexican philosopher, physicist and professor.
Thomas Bibb was the second Governor of the U.S. state of Alabama from 1820 to 1821.
He was the first Republican Governor of Florida since Reconstruction.
He received a law degree from the National Autonomous University of Mexico in 1958.
Richard Dobbs Spaight was the eighth Governor of the American State of North Carolina from 1792 to 1795.
Lao Chongguang was a Chinese official during the Qing dynasty and a native of Changsha County, Changsha, Hunan.
In 2001, articles appeared in the English-language media about a Friday sermon he delivered that condemned the practice of owning and holding small dogs as unIslamic.
He became very impressed with Miss Merrick.
He graduated from the Whittier College in 1867.
Dr. Olusegun Mimiko competed in the gubernatorial elections on April 14, 2007, against the incumbent Olusegun Agagu.
Phillips became governor in 1929 during the Great Depression.
Hubbard forcefully urged government intervention in public health, corrections, charities, railroads, agriculture, and commerce, and the legislature complied by increasing the state's regulatory and licensing powers.
On June 15, 2009, Frank Kabui was elected to succeed Waena as Governor-General.
During the same period, he was intendant of Charleston, from September 1788 to September 1789.
The building now houses the Mars Space Flight Facility, a NASA-funded research center directed by Dr. Phil Christensen.
Francisco de Aguirre was a Spanish conquistador who participated in the conquest of Peru, Bolivia, Chile and Argentina.
Henry Drury Hatfield was a Republican politician from Logan County, West Virginia.
He was then appointed the Mexican Ambassador to Israel, based in Tel Aviv, serving from April 14, 1993, to 1995.
After returning to private practice he was offered a cabinet post by his friend, President William McKinley, in 1896.
Junius Marion Futrell was the 30th Governor of Arkansas from 1933 to 1937, and the Acting Governor for a short period in 1913.
In addition, Hunt served in both houses of the Arizona Territorial Legislature and was posted as U.S. Minister to Siam.
One of his notable early scientific discoveries was the development of an economical process for the manufacture of calcium carbide.
He served with distinction as a Union Army general during the American Civil War.
In 1930, James Scullin appointed Isaacs as Chief Justice, in succession to Sir Adrian Knox.
Alhaji Abubakar Barde was Governor of Gongola State, Nigeria between October 1979 and September 1983 during the Nigerian Second Republic.
In that year's election Whitney received 361,336 votes for 10.4% of the vote, a strong finish for a third party.
In August 2007 he warned that the government's failure to carry out any hydrographic survey since 1933 had pushed up the cost of cargo freight.
He was sworn in by the Governor-General of Australia, Michael Jeffery, on 9 November 2007.
John Smith was an early colonial settler and President of the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations.
Born in Hampshire, England, he lived in the towns of Lymington and Romsey before immigrating to New England with his two sons in 1634.
Hannah retired in March 1977, and died the following year.
He was the fifth Governor of Minnesota from January 8, 1866 to January 9, 1870 and was a member of the Republican party.
In the Venezuelan regional elections, 2008 he ran again for governor of Bolívar state, coming second with 30% of the vote.
He was also a State Minister of Population/Chairman of Planned Families National Coordinating Body in the Development Reform Cabinet under Jusuf Habibie.
He stayed in the Chamber until 1993, when he returned to the presidential administration until 1998.
He was born in the Waghaz district of southern Ghazni province.
Don Ramón Músquiz was the Governor of Coahuila and Texas from 1830 to 1831 and in 1835.
In the 2004 elections he represented For Social Democracy, a party he co-founded in 2003.
Governor Fifer lived to see his daughter, Florence Fifer Bohrer, elected as the first female State Senator of Illinois in 1924.
Johnson’s leadership was a disappointment to state Democratic leaders because he appointed Whigs to office and did not advance strict party disciplines.
He won the first election for Louisiana's state Governor and served through 1816, for a total of thirteen years as Louisiana's executive administrator.
Mellado served as the acting Governor of Puebla from March 23, 1972, until April 14, 1972, following the resignation of Governor Rafael Moreno Valle.
He was virulently anti-Catholic and is reputedly one of the most extreme governors in the state's history.
He then served as commanding officer of USS Whitney and the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard.
On his death in Hartford on March 9, 1644/5, his estate, which included slaves, was the largest in the colony until 1680.
Lee's service during the American Revolution as a cavalry officer in the Continental Army earned him the nickname by which he is best known, "Light-Horse Harry".
After serving one term as the ninth Governor of South Dakota, Norbeck was elected to three consecutive terms as a United States Senator.
He is a graduate of Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria.
In 1869, Reed decided to advance his relationship with Chloe Merrick and traveled to North Carolina where Merrick was teaching freed children and proposed.
When the war ended he returned to private practice in Hawaii.
Gonzalo Méndez de Canço y Donlebún was a Spanish admiral who served as the seventh governor of the Spanish province of La Florida.
He was a member of the Board of Trustees of the People's Democratic Party, but has since joined the All Progressives Congress.
He was re-elected for a second four-year term in 2003.
He is better known as the Marquis of Amarillas.
In 2003, he ran unsuccessfully in the Nigerian Presidential elections.
Isaac Murphy was the first Reconstruction Governor of Arkansas, and came to power under President Abraham Lincoln's conciliatory policy.
For the North Carolina congressman of the same name, see Charles H. Martin.
Sir Streynsham Master was one of the 17th century pioneers of the English East India Company.
Simeon and Susan had three children: Florence, Roger and Helen.
However, the state commissioner of police, Alhaji Muhammad Sambo, said the attack was not an assassination attempt.
Hanaway went on to serve as a Brown County Circuit Judge from 1991 until his death in 1995.
He graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1903.
During his tenure, Aguayo retook eastern Texas from New France without firing a shot.
Albert Waller Gilchrist was an American politician who served as the 20th Governor of Florida.
Usually referred to as H. Guy Kump, he served as the 19th Governor of West Virginia during the Great Depression.
He is widely considered a robber baron.
In addition, he continued studying law, a pursuit he began during the war, and was admitted to the bar in 1868.
Epaphroditus Ransom was the seventh Governor of Michigan and Michigan Supreme Court justice from the U.S. state of Michigan.
After Abacha's death he was granted a state pardon.
He was considered to be very pious, seldom smiling, and in social interaction was always ready to engage his company with a sermon.
Sweetser served as the 11th Lieutenant Governor of Idaho from 1909 to 1913 during the administrations of Governors James H. Brady and James H. Hawley.
Carl Edward Bailey was the 31st Governor of Arkansas from 1937 to 1941.
Coleman finished his career in Ackerman, where he practiced law and farmed until he suffered a severe stroke on December 11, 1990.
Robert Dolph Ray is a former American politician who served as the 38th Governor of Iowa from January 16, 1969 to January 14, 1983.
She died in an Indian hospital on 7 June 2014 after a battle with cancer.
He later broke with the MVR and lost to his MVR successor, Tarek Saab, in the 2004 elections.
He was a candidate for Vice President of Argentina on Roberto Lavagna's UNA ticket in the 2007 elections.
John Weber was elected to the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from Montgomery County in 1806 and served through 1811.
She is Davao Oriental's third female governor.
His second term lasted three years, in accordance with a state constitutional amendment to have state, county, and federal biennial elections all coincide.
He was a general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War and served as Governor of Mississippi from 1865 to 1868, during Reconstruction.
William Hawkins was the 17th Governor of the U.S. state of North Carolina from 1811 to 1814.
In addition to serving two years as mayor, Wiltz was once again elected to the Louisiana House of Representatives and served as lieutenant governor.
Daniel Oscar Giacomino is an Argentine politician elected Mayor of Córdoba in 2007.
He was also an advocate for prison reform.
Anthony Brockholls was born in England around 1656.
Between 1984 and 1987, he was chairman of the Federal Polytechnic in Idah and chairman of the Benue-Plateau Construction Company in Jos from 1986 to 1990.
Houx was born near Lexington, Missouri, the second of five children of George W. Houx and Fannie Houx.
On one of his summer breaks, he suffered severe injuries while fighting Comanches.
Following his death, he was buried in Pueblo.
Pacheco remains the only Hispanic or Latino governor in the state's history as part of the U.S.
Previously he had served as the 34th Governor of Pennsylvania from 1947 to 1951.
Fifer lost a reelection bid, and then twice refused the nomination to run again for governor.
Before becoming governor, Platter served as Interior Minister and as Minister of Defence in the cabinets of Gusenbauer and Schüssel.
of Gibbons P.C.. Robert A. Mintz, Esq.
John Henry Clifford was an American lawyer and politician from New Bedford, Massachusetts.
Morrill died March 14, 1909, in San Antonio, Texas, and is buried in Hiawatha's Mount Hope Cemetery.
The Reed family came to Milwaukee in 1836.
Madero served as the 54th Municipal President, or Mayor, of Torreón from 1976 to 1978 and the Governor of the Mexican state of Coahuila in 1981.
He is Director of the Mario Molina Center.
He is a member of the 9th Islamic Consultative Assembly from the electorate of Ardabil, Nir, Namin and Sareyn with Mansour Haghighatpour and Kamaladin Pirmoazzen.
His Boston mansion, built in the 1750s by royal governor William Shirley, is known as the Shirley-Eustis House and is a National Historic Landmark.
Rodríguez Barrera died from a heart attack at his home in Mexico City on December 3, 2011, at the age of 74.
He served as a Union soldier in the 2nd Kansas Infantry during the Civil War.
It was during his term as governor, and partly due to his influence, that the territory's capital was moved from Arkansas Post to Little Rock.
In 1812, he was selected as Secretary of the Territorial Senate.
He died less than five months after leaving office.
He resumed the office of lieutenant governor on January 2, 1951, under administration of another Democrat, Governor Dennis J. Roberts.
In 1971 he announced a decision to establish the Kwara State Polytechnic, which came into existence in 1972.
He became a lawyer, and was involved in both the Free Soil Party and the Republican Party.
William Dunnington Bloxham was an American politician.
He won a 6 February 2010 election for a second term as governor.
Domingo Jironza Pétriz de Cruzate was a Spanish soldier who was Governor of New Mexico from 1683 to 1686, and again from 1689 to 1691.
Graham attended the United States Naval Academy and served on numerous ships before being posted to the governorship.
Francisco Álvarez de Toledo was an aristocrat and soldier of the Kingdom of Spain and the fifth Viceroy of Peru.
Fernando Elizondo Barragán is a Mexican Politician, Lawyer, and Businessperson previously affiliated with the National Action Party.
In this capacity, he transcribed the Fundamental Orders into the official colony records on 14 January 1638, OS,.
He was the governor of Bolívar State from 1989 to 1995, and a member of the National Assembly of Venezuela from 2000 to 2006.
During the years prior to the American Civil War, Tilden counseled patience and compromise with the Southern states on the slavery question.
John Frederick Hartranft was a politician, the 17th Governor of Pennsylvania from 1873 to 1879.
At the turn of the 20th century, he abandoned the Republican Party, opposed the acquisition of the Philippines, and supported William Jennings Bryan for President.
Wyllys' home in Hartford was torn down in 1827.
Beginning in 1815, Dupré served as a Major in the 16th Regiment of the Louisiana Militia.
He participated in the Texas Revolution as the assistant to the Centralist Troops led by Martín Perfecto de Cos on the Mexican side.
Born in Boto, Tafawa Balewa Local Government Area of Bauchi State, Mu'azu attended primary school from 1962 to 1968.
Major General Abdullahi Sarki Mukhtar was born on July 5, 1949 in Kano State.
He retired to the Gulf Coast of Mississippi.
Thomas Felix "Tom" Bolack was a New Mexico businessman and politician, who served as the 20th Governor of New Mexico for 32 days in 1962–63.
Lieutenant General Sir Charles Henry Gairdner, GBE, KCMG, KCVO, CB was a senior British Army officer who later occupied two viceregal positions in Australia.
In 1863 he was discharged for disability.
Rodríguez Barrera succeeded outgoing Secretary Luis Martínez Villicaña, who left the Cabinet upon his election as Governor of Michoacan.
Hancock began his political career in Boston as a protégé of Samuel Adams, an influential local politician, though the two men later became estranged.
It was not until 1638 that the Wyllys family arrived in Hartford.
Abdul Haq Shafaq is the former Governor of Daikundi.
Samuel Whitaker Pennypacker was the 23rd Governor of Pennsylvania from 1903 to 1907.
He was a member of the 9th Islamic Consultative Assembly from the electorate of Astara.
Elias Petty Seeley was an American Whig Party politician who served as the 11th Governor of New Jersey in 1833.
He was twice the Royal Governor of Chile.
Salcedo was overthrown by Juan Bautista de las Casas in January 1811 and imprisoned for several months in Monclova.
He sacrificed his love for Massachusetts to his uncritical loyalty to Great Britain, where he spent his last years in unhappy exile.
He was stationed in Guam in the early 1900s, where he became aide to the governor.
He is the former district governor of Andkhoy District of Faryab Province.
He was then slated as the machine's Attorney General candidate in the 1956 election, traditionally the last step before the governorship.
Eaton was a founding officer of the Greeley Colony and was instrumental in the establishment of modern irrigation farming to Northern Colorado.
In 1890, the Legislature agreed that Fleming had defeated Nathan Goff, Jr. As a result, Fleming did not assume the office until February 6, 1890.
He was the first Oklahoma governor to be re-elected and the first to win all 77 counties in the state.
Daura led the PSC monitoring team during the February 2010 elections in Anambra State.
He retired from politics in 1811, declining nomination to the Supreme Court because of his health.
Hutchinson exemplifies the Loyalist-as-loser, paralyzed by his ideology and his dual loyalties to America and Britain.
Phillip Duane "Phil" Hardberger is an American politician, lawyer, and judge.
Mahmud Shinkafi was governor of Zamfara state, Nigeria from 2007 to 2011.
He teaches at Kansas State University and operates a website to advance civic engagement.
Gabriel Torwua Suswam is a Nigerian politician who became governor of Benue State in May 2007 until 29 May 2015.
After the hand-over, the Imo House of Assembly summoned him to give an account of his stewardship of the state.
Antonio Narciso de Santa María was a Spanish colonel and Governor of Chiloé in the mid-18th century.
He belongs to Hazara ethnic minority of Afghanistan and comes from Oruzgan Province.
Garba Ali Mohammed was Military Administrator of Niger State in Nigeria from 1986 to December 1987 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida.
He assisted the bishop of Durango, taking evidence for him in his contest with the Franciscans.
From 1985 to 1992 he hosted a television series called Jay Hammond’s Alaska.
The Morehead-Cain Scholarship is the oldest merit-based scholarship in the United States.
He was Chair of the Commonwealth Foundation for two 2-year terms, ending December 2016.
Bogado was born in Formosa, Argentina, and educated in Formosa and in San Lorenzo, Santa Fe.
Ashe became an orphan at the age of nine.
After establishing a law practice in Fairmont, Morgan enlisted in the First West Virginia Infantry during the Spanish–American War.
Boni Haruna is the current Nigerian Minister for Youth Development.
He was Founding President of the Patronage of the Symphony Orchestra of Mexico, Professor of Economics and Financial Mathematics at various academic institutions.
Alfonso Navarrete Prida is a Mexican politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party who is the incumbent Secretary of Labor of Mexico.
Francisco Gomez was a prominent Portuguese military leader who held the charge of acting governor of New Mexico between 1641 and 1642.
A member of the Democratic Party, he served as the 43rd Governor of Arkansas, the 11th Lieutenant Governor of Arkansas, Arkansas Attorney General, and U.S. Representative.
He was also the first governor of Kentucky who was not a member of the Democratic-Republican Party.
In 2002, Avelín was impeached and deposed as governor by a majority of provincial deputies following massive demonstrations.
This unit trained African Americans for accelerated promotion in the Navy; Darden himself advocated for racial integration in the Navy.
Dudley's governorship initiated a hostility in Massachusetts toward royal governance, most frequently over the issue of the salaries of crown officials.
Knute Nelson was a Norwegian-American attorney and politician active in both Wisconsin and Minnesota.
John Peter Richardson II was the 59th Governor of South Carolina from 1840 to 1842.
Olene Walker was an American politician and Utah's 15th Governor.
Harry Herbert Peterson was an American lawyer, judge and politician.
The national government declared two days of grief.
Paul Brigham was an American Revolutionary soldier and Democratic-Republican politician.
He served as the fifth Lieutenant Governor of Idaho.
Lawrence McCully Judd was a politician of the Territory of Hawaii, serving as the seventh Territorial Governor.
His name is found on a rock in Lake Winnipesaukee, carved by surveyors sent to identify the Massachusetts colony's northern border in 1652.
He then fought in World War II, rising to the rank of lieutenant and commanding a tank.
He arrived in New Orleans, then a Spanish colony, in 1797 and by 1803 had been appointed Secretary of the Legislative Council.
Campbell ran for governor again and won two terms.
John Orlando Pastore was an American lawyer and politician.
On October 17, 1931, Sheppard died and was buried at Willowbrook Cemetery in Edgefield.
He developed it for livestock breeding and worked at that for the next twenty-five years, being recognized for his success in that field.
Edmund Gerald "Pat" Brown Sr. was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 32nd Governor of California from 1959 to 1967.
In 1966, he became the first Roman Catholic elected governor of Oklahoma, defeating the Democratic nominee, Preston Moore of Oklahoma City.
He is the governor of the Argentine province of Chubut.
Lores qualified as a doctor in 1964 from the University of Buenos Aires, specialising in public health.
Cooke lived for four more years after his retirement, dying in Providence in November 1782.
During the second attempt to impeach Reed, Lieutenant Governor Samuel T. Day claimed to be Acting Governor from February 10 to May 4, 1872.
On 2008 Balinese Governor Election, Beratha has been replacing by Made Mangku Pastika.
Garba Nadama was a fierce rival of Alhaji Ibrahim Gusau for the National Party of Nigeria nomination for Sokoto deputy governor in 1979.
Andrew Parsons was a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.
Philip Fox La Follette was an American politician from the US state of Wisconsin.
He is a member of the 5thAssembly of Experts from the East Azerbaijan electorate.
He was the longest serving chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence.
William Cole Cozzens was an American politician and the 28th Governor of Rhode Island.
Calling himself the "Old Walrus", Hunt was 5 feet 9 inches tall, close to 300 pounds, bald, and had a drooping handlebar moustache.
From an early age she took an active role in trade unions, serving as a union delegate from 1970 to 1989.
He also established a residence, "Halcyon Grove," in the village of Edgefield and married Susannah Smith Wilkinson.
Fleming died on October 13, 1923 in Fairmont, West Virginia.
After completing his education in the Albion public school system, Emmerson moved to Mount Vernon, Illinois in 1883, and established a career in the mercantile business.
2002–2004 he was among other posts CEO of TA Orange and member of the Board of Directors of the Stock Exchange of Thailand.
In 1888, Mitchell was appointed to the Florida Supreme Court, serving as an associate justice until 1891, when he resigned to start campaigning for governor.
Governor Murphy supported much New Deal legislation, particularly legislation which supported labor rights.
In 1792, Richardson was elected to the South Carolina House of Representatives and served for ten years.
Despite assurances that he would be imprisoned, extremists of the filibuster forces executed him the following day.
Although a tough leader, he was respected by his troops.
He governed during a time of tremendous turmoil, including an internal revolt known as Cary's Rebellion and an American indian uprising called the Tuscarora War.
He has been described as one of the most, if not the most, conservative voices in Iran and Shia Islam world.
He served in the New Hampshire House of Representatives and on the Governor's Council before being twice elected as a Republican Governor.
His history of the early years of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court is still considered a foundational work on the subject.
Frémont's published reports and maps produced from his explorations significantly contributed to massive American emigration overland into the West starting in the 1840s.
Between 2005 and 2008, he was the Governor of Kandahar Province and prior to that as Governor of Ghazni Province.
In 1942 he entered the food processing industry.
He served as the 28th Governor of Florida from 1941 to 1945, and as a United States Senator from Florida from 1946 to 1971.
He was once the chairman of Nigeria Football Association - Nigeria's top football governing body and still regarded as its most successful Chair.
Holt resided in Grand Forks, North Dakota.
He was a co-founder of the Rose Law Firm.
In 1836, Carrillo joined the rebellious Juan Bautista Alvarado in demanding a more autonomous Alta California, but internal dissension doomed the effort.
Millard Fillmore Caldwell was an American politician.
Born in St. Mary's, Pennsylvania, Sorg received an LL.B.
Amadeo Tomás Sabattini was an Argentine politician.
Ramsay was one of six surviving children.
he Assassinated by People's Mujahedin of Iran, when praying in Tabriz.
He ran unsuccessfully for the remainder of Curtis' term, and was succeeded by George McGill.
Isaac Halstead Williamson was an American politician who served as the eighth Governor of New Jersey, from 1817 to 1829.
Jonathan Belcher, initially a political opponent, later became an ally, and selected him to serve as his lieutenant governor in 1730.
An engineer by occupation, he was also president of the Socialist Party.
John Gately Downey was an Irish-American politician and the seventh governor of California from January 14, 1860 to January 10, 1862.
John Lewis Bates was a lawyer and politician from Massachusetts.
One was national pride, to show the world that China could have a world-class university even after the Boxer debacle.
Born in 1784 in Dorchester, Massachusetts, he was a printer and bookseller in Boston, specializing in religious materials.
After his death, the Texas legislature created Sul Ross State University in his honor.
Navy Captain John Adeusi died on April 16, 2016.
He was the first Governor to occupy the Wyoming Governor's Mansion, completed in 1904.
Prior to his Governorship, he served on ships in the Navy and participated in both the Spanish–American War and World War I.
Henry Adoniram Swift was an American politician who was the third Governor of Minnesota.
He served in the state legislature from 1868 to 1872, where he was elected as speaker of the House.
He served as the 22nd Governor of Florida from 1917 to 1921.
James Guy Tucker Jr. is an American politician and attorney who is an Arkansas political figure.
Minnesota's sixth governor was determined to bring legislative power to bear against the railroad barons.
He and his cousin, John Penn held unsold property, of 24,000,000 acres, which the Pennsylvania legislature confiscated after the American Revolution.
His re-election campaign was unsuccessful and he returned to the Illinois State House, becoming Speaker of the House again.
He made a number of controversial decisions, including forbidding Korean and Samoan intermarriage.
After another period in Congress, he was elected Governor of Massachusetts in 1822.
Afterwards Frémont settled in California at Monterey while buying cheap land in the Sierra foothills.
In 1970, Sargent won election in his own right, defeating Boston Mayor Kevin White.
The younger Vroom graduated from Columbia College, New York in 1808.
William Evelyn Cameron was a soldier, lawyer, journalist, and politician.
He was identified as a Redeemer, the southern wing of the Bourbon faction.
A Whig, he served as the 12th Governor of the State of Rhode Island and a member of the U.S. House of Representatives.
Gardner won reelection in 1856 only with Republican support, given in exchange for Know Nothing support for the Republican presidential candidate, John Frémont.
Later he attended the university of Ibadan in 1971.
Kerr worked natural resources, and his legacy includes water projects that link the Arkansas River via the Gulf of Mexico.
Becoming governor in 1923, Price focused on agricultural development, particularly in the region of Mangilao, Guam.
Other Maine Governors who are seen as having a similar style are sometimes compared to Longley, such as LePage.
George Robert Salisbury was a United States Navy Commodore who served as the 15th Naval Governor of Guam.
Leslie Mortier Shaw, known as L. M. Shaw, was an American businessman, lawyer, and politician.
Largely self-educated, Stevenson began his interest in politics as a labor spokesman.
In 1901 the former governor was elected president of the Alabama Bar Association, and was a member of the Alabama Constitutional Convention.
John Albert Johnson was an American politician.
Two years later Phips was appointed as governor.
He attended Provincial Secondary School, Zaria and then the Institute of Administration, Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria.
After the restoration of the monarchy in England in 1660, it was imperative that Rhode Island receive a royal charter to protect its territorial integrity.
He is perhaps best remembered for establishing, and later over-ruling and disbanding, the court associated with the infamous Salem Witch Trials.
He was also viceroy of Sicily from 1668 to 1670.
Tugwell served in FDR's administration until he was forced out in 1936.
Brisbane, a new convict settlement, was named in his honour and is now among the largest cities in Australia.
Richard Dudley Hubbard was a United States Representative and the 48th Governor of Connecticut.
Not having the funds to purchase a locomotive, the railroad was operated by horse-power.
His parents were Fernando Gutiérrez Ferrer and Ana María Barrios.
In 1978, he was diagnosed with lung cancer and did not run for reelection that year.
Martín Ruiz de Gamboa de Berriz was a Spanish Basque conquistador, and served as a Royal Governor of Chile.
Colonel Nicholas Greenberry was the 4th Royal Governor of Maryland, and Commander of the Military Forces of Anne Arundel and Baltimore Counties.
Antonio Quintanilla was a Spanish brigadier and Governor of Chiloé from 1820-1826.
Lester Garfield Maddox, Sr. was an American politician who served as the 75th Governor of the U.S. state of Georgia from 1967 to 1971.
Lewis Hobart Sweetser was a Republican politician from Idaho.
Fenner was a prominent Country Party leader.
Colonel Ahmed Usman was a Nigerian Military Administrator of Ondo State and then of Oyo State during the military regime of General Sani Abacha.
Ochefu was shot dead at a Petrol Station in Oturkpo, Benue State on 25 November 1999.
John O. Bennett III is a former New Jersey Republican politician who served as State Senator, President of the State Senate.
Steeves served as the ninth Lieutenant Governor of Idaho from 1905 to 1907 during the administration of Governor Frank R. Gooding.
Pedro Menéndez Márquez was a Spanish military officer, conquistador, and governor of Spanish Florida.
General Musa Khan Akbarzada is a politician in Afghanistan, serving as the governor of Ghazni province from 2010 to 2015.
He was Governor of Yaracuy for the National Convergence from 1995 to 2004.
He said that widespread promotion of anti-pregnancy drugs and devices would lead to "an earthquake of moral laxity."
John and Jackie O'Brien are the parents of three adult children, John Todd O'Brien, Holly O. Saunders and Heather O. Krombholz.
He served as the first Lieutenant Governor of Montana, and the second Governor of the state of Montana.
He succeeded his cousin, Benjamín Clariond as governor of Nuevo León in 1997.
He was a supporter of the Kirchnerist candidates in his province during the campaign for the 2005 legislative elections.
Roman Kopin is the governor of Chukotka, Russia.
Gayle was born in 1792 in Sumter, South Carolina.
He was a delegate to the Republican National Convention from New Hampshire in 1900, and was elected governor in 1904.
The Coahuila State Congress selected Torres as interim Governor to fill out the remainder of Moreira's unexpired term.
He was appointed to a 15-year term, as are all Comptrollers Generals, but only served one year due to illness.
Upon the death of Elias Kane in 1835, Ewing was appointed by Joseph Duncan to serve out the rest of Kane's term in the U.S. Senate.
During his administration, there were outbreaks of religious violence.
Hassan Namazi is an Iranian Shiite cleric and politician.
His father was James Turner Morehead; his grandfather John Motley Morehead served as Governor of North Carolina.
James Miller was the first Governor of Arkansas Territory and a brigadier general in the United States Army during the War of 1812.
He ran unsuccessfully for governor several times before finally winning the office in 1807.
The Goa liberation movement was a movement which sought to end Portuguese colonial rule in Goa, India.
He also served as a judge, and in the Maryland House of Delegates from 1816 to 1817.
He was also Head of Department of Industries at the Parliament and also President of Iran's Cycling Federation from 1995 to 2005.
Senator from 1923 to 1941 and the 12th Governor of North Dakota from 1917 until being recalled in 1921.
Benjamin Meek Miller was an American Democratic politician
Moore sits on the Board of Directors for the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids, and on the Advisory Board of LegalShield.
He practiced law in Jackson for several years.
He wrote ten petitions and letters to King Charles II and negotiated for months with Connecticut over territorial boundaries.
As president of Southern Pacific Railroad and, beginning in 1861, Central Pacific, he had tremendous power in the region and a lasting impact on California.
He is interred at Edmonton Municipal Cemetery, Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
He served as Director General of Adams Oshiomhole's 2nd term Campaign Organisation.
He was appointed governor of Kaduna State in 1977, in which position he was promoted to Group Captain.
Donald William Samuelson was a Republican politician from Idaho.
Edward Douglass White Sr. was the tenth Governor of Louisiana and a member of the United States House of Representatives.
His protests resulted in the issuance in 1725 of the Explanatory Charter, essentially confirming his position in the disputes with the assembly.
Thomas Metcalfe, also known as Thomas Metcalf or as "Stonehammer", was a U.S. Representative, Senator, and the tenth Governor of Kentucky.
He served briefly as an appointed United States Senator, as the 67th Governor of Vermont, and as a federal judge.
He was born on August 14, 1858 in Georgia, and died in January 1925.
Park was born in Platte City, Missouri to Thomas Woodson and Margaret Baxter Park.
Zenas Ferry Moody was the seventh Governor of Oregon from 1882 to 1887.
Van Hollen did not seek reelection in 2014 and left office on January 5, 2015.
He was sworn into his first term on January 14, 2003.
A leading Democrat, in the 1850s he supported the popular sovereignty ideas of Senator Stephen Douglas.
He was captain general of the Kingdom of Granada and captain general of the coast of Andalusia.
Lt. General Ajay Kumar Singh is the former Lieutenant Governor of Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
The Marlands sent them to private school and gave them other advantages.
John Davis Long was an American lawyer, politician, and writer from Massachusetts.
He graduated from the University of Nebraska in 1896, and matriculated at George Washington University, where he earned a law degree in 1899.
He became a professor at various universities, with lengthy service at the University of Chicago and the University of California at Santa Barbara.
Bagby died in 1858 in Mobile, Alabama, and he is interred in Magnolia Cemetery there.
Agustín Vicente Zamorano, was a printer, soldier, and provisional Mexican Governor of Alta California.
When Portolá left Monterey in 1770, he appointed his 3rd-in-command Pedro Fages to be military governor of the new settlements.
Fiss was elected to the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1937 and served through 1948 [1].
The most notable legacy of his administration was the adoption of the Australian ballot, which allowed citizens to vote in comparative privacy.
He was the first career Australian Army officer to hold the position, and was succeeded by Quentin Bryce.
His last military successes were in the Portuguese succession crisis of 1580, winning the Battle of Alcantara and conquering that kingdom for Philip II.
Albert Clinton Horton was a Texan politician, and the first Lieutenant Governor of Texas serving under Governor James P. Henderson.
Badger was born in Gilmanton, New Hampshire.
After the restoration of democracy with the Nigerian Fourth Republic, Akonobi joined the People's Democratic Party and became a force in Anambra State politics.
John Benjamin Kendrick was an American politician and cattleman.
In 1999 was elected Vice Governor of the province, and in 2007, he was elected Governor of the province for a term ending in 2011.
William Wallace Stickney was an American lawyer and politician.
William Read Miller was the 12th Governor of the State of Arkansas.
Adekunle Lawal worked with the Ministry of Works and Survey in Kano, Nigerian.
Pinkham was the first member of the Democratic Party of Hawaii to become governor.
William Eugene Stanley was the 15th Governor of Kansas.
In his will, he left to his wife his "stone built wind mill," which still stands as an important Newport landmark.
Professor G. Ram Reddy is renowned architect of Distance Education and the father of open learning in India.
As a member of the United Workers Party, Mallet represented the Castries Central district.
He is interred in Oak Hill Cemetery, near Auburn, Maine.
He served as the third Lieutenant Governor of Idaho.
Cyrus Clay Carpenter was a Civil War officer, the eighth Governor of Iowa and U.S. Representative from Iowa's 9th congressional district.
Jacob Dolson Cox, was a statesman, lawyer, Union Army general during the American Civil War, and later a Republican politician from Ohio.
In March 2006 she resigned to assume the position of the Deputy Governor of Anambra State.
He also has served as a Deputy in the LX Legislature of the Mexican Congress, representing the state of Chihuahua.
Gutiérrez Barrios was born in Veracruz, Veracruz.
Beighi Sadr was born in Miandoab, West Azerbaijan.
From 2005 till 2009 he was the governor of Zabul Province, Afghanistan.
In 2015 he is elected as member of parliament from electoral district of Tabriz, Osku, and Azarshahr.
He is buried at the Oakwood Cemetery in Austin, Texas.
He became chairman of the board of trustees of Rigby and later he was elected to the office of the mayor of this village.
He is best known for his brief and controversial tenure as the first Governor-General of Australia.
Mitchell studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1849 at the age of 18.
McGill took the opportunity to study law under Judge Horace Austin and was admitted to the bar in 1869.
Prefecto Leopoldo Fernandez was arrested on 16 September 2008 on charges of Acts against the state of emergency.
Dummer then retired, dividing time between his farm in Byfield and his home in Boston.
First elected to the Louisiana House of Representatives in 1816, Dupré was re-elected in 1822 and 1824.
Ernest Whitworth Marland, known as E. W. Marland, was an American lawyer, oil businessman in Pennsylvania and Oklahoma, and politician who was a U.S.
On September 4, 1864, he sent the first message over a transcontinental telegraph line.
Soon after his discharge he was elected county superintendent of public schools, a position he filled for two terms.
Finally, he organized the return trip home to Africa for surviving members of the group.
He served as the 17th and 19th Governor of Idaho, from 1939 to 1941 and again from 1943 to 1945.
He served from May 27, 1861, until 1863, then as a Delegate to the House of Representatives from March 4, 1863, to June 17, 1864.
Alacid Nunes was appointed Mayor of Belém in 1964, the same year as the 1964 Brazilian coup d'état and the installation of the Brazilian military government.
Ross was raised in the Republic of Texas, which was later annexed to the United States.
He was appointed governor of Texas by the Spanish viceroy of New Spain in 1767.
Dennis Herron Murphree was a Mississippi politician.
He has received the Padma Bhushan and Padma Shri, awarded by the President of India.
One of Ajiborisha's first actions as Osun Governor was to establish the Osun State Broadcasting Corporation.
A Roman Catholic, he was married to Elizabeth St. Pierre.
Ricardo Gil Lavedra is an Argentine lawyer, magistrate, and politician.
Longley promised during his campaign that he would serve only one term, and he did not run for re-election in 1978.
Group Captain John Ibiwari Ben Kalio was Administrator of Yobe State from August 1996 to August 1998 during the military regime of General Sani Abacha.
As Abia State governor he earned the nickname "Wey my own?"
General Sir Ralph Darling, GCH was Governor of New South Wales from 1825 to 1831.
In 1995 he made a grant of about N12 million to the Anambra State Polytechnic for reconditioning and renovation of the facilities.
He is a member of the 4th, 5th and 9th Islamic Consultative Assembly from the electorate of Khodabandeh.
Forrest Smith was the 42nd Governor of Missouri.
Cóccaro entered politics in 2003, when he was elected vice-governor under Governor Jorge Colazo of the Radical Civic Union.
The son of Governor J. Gregory Smith, Edward C. Smith also served one term as governor of the state.
Thomas King Carroll served as the 21st Governor of the state of Maryland in the United States from 1830 to 1831.
James Edward Geringer is an American politician who was the 30th Governor of Wyoming, serving from 1995 to 2003.
He died in 1672, leaving an estate in present-day Chelsea, Massachusetts and a large house in Boston.
There were no witnesses and no other injuries, leading to rumors that his death was not accidental.
Osborn was appointed U. S. Marshall and held that post from 1865 to 1867.
He served as mayor of San Antonio, Texas, taking office in June, 2005.
As governor, Cruce was responsible for the establishment of the Oklahoma Department of Highways and the Oklahoma State Capitol.
He has served three times as mayor of Morelia, Michoacán.
He was then elected to the Argentine Chamber of Deputies, and two years later, to the Senate.
Samuel Howell was a Quaker who became a prominent merchant in colonial Philadelphia and a leading patriot, proponent, leader and financier for American independence.
Mir Ghaus Bakhsh Bizenjo was a prominent Baloch politician of Balochistan, Pakistan.
The election was won by Grover Cleveland of the Democratic Party.
Samuel S. "Sam" Lewis was the 17th Lieutenant Governor of Pennsylvania from 1939 to 1943.
He rose to the position of Chief Justice of the Kentucky Court of Appeals in 1808, at the time Kentucky's highest court.
Domingo Terán de los Ríos served as the first governor of Spanish Texas from 1691 to 1692.
Sprague High School in Salem, Oregon is named after him.
In 1751 he enrolled in Harvard College, receiving a BA in 1755 and an MA in 1758.
On the expansion of slavery to new territories, Johnson was a champion of State's rights.
Peter Thacher Washburn was a lawyer, politician and Adjutant and Inspector General of the State of Vermont during the American Civil War.
Subsequently, Vanier returned to Canada and remained in the military until the early 1930s, when he was posted to diplomatic missions in Europe.
George Izard was the second Governor of Arkansas Territory and a Major-General in the United States Army during the War of 1812.
The second son of Francis Lewis, a signer of the Declaration of Independence, Lewis fought in the American Revolutionary War and the War of 1812.
His younger brother is Theophilus Bamigboye, another military ruler turned politician.
Khanmohammadi Khorrami was born in Khorramdarreh, Zanjan Province.
Carlos Antonio Carrillo,  was Governor of Alta California from 1837 to 1838.
Major-General Georges-Philéas Vanier PC DSO MC CD was a Canadian soldier and diplomat who served as Governor General of Canada, the 19th since Canadian Confederation.
An ESSEC, Sciences Po and ENA alumni, Emmanuelle Mignon served as cabinet secretary for Nicolas Sarkozy.
Charles Clifton "Cliff" Finch was an American politician.
Luis de Rosas was a soldier who served as the ninth Governor of New Mexico from 1637 until 1641, when he was then imprisoned and assassinated.
On January 26, 2007, he was assassinated in Kabul on his way to prayers.
Oñate founded settlements in the province, now part of the present-day American Southwest.
He was Governor of New Hampshire from 1885 to 1887.
He had been appointed education minister eighteen months earlier.
He was said to support another former military ruler, General Ibrahim Badamosi Babangida, as presidential candidate in 2007.
The Bell Factory, the state's first textile mill, was incorporated in Madison County.
Bouquet stressed the importance of political stability as a precondition for future economic development in her final message before her departure from French Polynesia.
Tod died of a stroke in 1868, three years after the end of the war.
H. Irwandi Yusuf, M.Sc., is the Governor of Aceh province in north Sumatra.
Charles Kilbourne Williams was an American lawyer and politician.
Thomas Worthington was a Democratic-Republican politician from Ohio.
He is married to Patricia Aguirre Rodríguez, and has four children - Patricia, Patricio, César Iván, and Elisa Ivonne.
As a young man, he was apprenticed as a printer, from which he supported himself through Allegheny College.
Eliseo Francisco Mendoza Berrueto was a Mexican politician and economist.
He lost the governorship two years later following his defeat to Republican Harold Stassen in the 1938 gubernatorial election.
James Madison Wells was elected the 20th Governor of Louisiana during Reconstruction.
The title description of his thesis is: Dissertatio medica inauguralis de colica pictonum.
John Ireland was the 18th Governor of Texas from 1883 to 1887.
He is concurrent Ambassador of Mexico to Albania, Malta and San Marino.
They would nevertheless continue to support Fabiana Ríos, the ARI governor of Tierra del Fuego.
The reforms enacted during Powell's term as governor gave Kentucky one of the top educational systems in the antebellum South.
As a delegate to the Continental Congress, he signed the Declaration of Independence and the Articles of Confederation.
He was the Governor of the Bank of Thailand from 2001 to 2006.
Chiles prevailed over Bush by fewer than 64,000 votes.
After his term as governor he moved back to Pueblo and retired from politics, but was active in business.
Charles Jackson was the 18th Governor of Rhode Island from 1845 to 1846.
The people of imam saheb love the Ibrahimi, he is very hamble person .
Rawghlie Clement Stanford was the fifth Governor of Arizona and served from 1937 to 1939.
He removed several local leaders from power, and outlawed marriages between United States Navy sailors and Samoan women.
Antonio Rodriguez San Juan, is a Venezuela Politician.
This was similar to the Dawes Act of 1887, which had applied to Native American lands in the Indian Territory.
Antonio Valeriano was a colonial Mexican, Nahua scholar and politician.
Raúl Bercovich Rodriguez was Federal Interventor of Córdoba, Argentina from September 20, 1975 to March 24, 1976.
He has been imam Jumu'ah for Zanjan in northwest of Iran since 2003. to 2011.
He enforced all government programs and policies, and supported traditional institutions.
He went to live at Woodstock, Oxfordshire and died, in penury, by 22 December 1675 when administration of his estate was granted to his brother Dudley.
John Dennis Spellman was the 18th Governor of Washington between 1981 and 1985 and the first King County Executive from 1969 to 1981.
A teacher, Díaz moved to Tierra del Fuego in 1987.
In January 2003 he was reported to be supporting the presidential bid of former military ruler Major-General Muhammadu Buhari.
He was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Perm Krai, and was the governor of Kirov Oblast.
After the war, Boarman entered politics and was elected in 1866 as the mayor of Shreveport, Louisiana.
Peter Stretch was among the most prominent early American clockmakers and among the first makers of scientific instruments in America.
They raised seven children on a ranch northwest of Opelousas.
Joseph Abulu was appointed Military Administrator of Anambra State on 27 August 1991 by General Ibrahim Babangida.
Insfrán is now an intimate of Kirchner's widow and successor, Cristina Fernández de Kirchner.
Born in Macon County, Alabama, his family relocated to Polk County, Florida, where he received all of his primary education.
Not to be confused with John M. Hamilton Congressman from West Virginia
A Korean War veteran, Chiles later returned to Florida for law school and eventually opened his own private practice in 1955.
Taxpayers were granted some relief when legislation was adopted that eased penalties on overdue taxes and allowed for the issuance of emergency bonds.
He was the first Governor of American Samoa to die in office.
Akbar Alami has been a member of the 6th and 7th parliaments.
In 1971, along with former Minnesota Solicitor General Jerome D. Truhn, he co-founded the law firm of Head & Truhn.
He is currently the Secretary of Agriculture (Secretario de Agricultura, Ganadería, Desarrollo Rural, Pesca y Alimentación in the Mexican federal government since 2015.
This explains while he took to self exile at the expiration of his tenure as Executive Governor of Benue.
James Douglas McKay was a businessman and politician from the U.S. state of Oregon.
He was elected to the Senate in 2003; there, he joined the majority Front for Victory parliamentary group, supporting the national government of President Néstor Kirchner.
He was succeeded by Juan de Eulate, a former governor of New Mexico who was appointed governor of Margarita Province on 10 April 1630.
He served as a member of the South Dakota State Senate and as Lieutenant Governor of South Dakota.
Joel Aldrich Matteson was the tenth Governor of Illinois, serving from 1853 to 1857.
The Navy assigned him to many different ships, including having him participate in the Great White Fleet and its visit to Japan.
She succeeded fellow Democrat Jim Doyle when Doyle was elected Governor of Wisconsin in 2002.
After his service as governor, Docking resumed his former profession of banking in Arkansas City.
Abner Ormiel Shaw was an American physician from Maine who served in the Civil War with the 20th Maine Volunteer Infantry Regiment.
Born and raised in New Lebanon, New York, Tilden came from a family that was well off and well known as a maker of patent medicines.
Although he no longer resided entirely on Guernsey, he was appointed lieutenant governor of the island, and served in this position for four years.
Bernardino de Ceballos was Governor of New Mexico between 1614 and 1618 at a time when it was a province of New Spain.
Leguizamón was born in La Plata and graduated as a lawyer and notary from the University of La Plata.
Sadikin died in Singapore on 20 May 2008.
He appointed Jonathan Clarkson Gibbs as Florida's first African-American Secretary of State, and commissioned Gibbs as a lieutenant colonel in the Florida State Militia.
Veazey was the last Maryland governor to be elected in this fashion and also the last Whig Party member to serve as Maryland governor.
Francisco Collell was a Spanish military official and politician who served as interim governor of West Florida between October 1810 and February 1811.
Clarke was born in Westhorpe, Suffolk, England.
The only other time a gubernatorial recall has been successful was in 2003 to California Governor Gray Davis.
From 1984 until his election as state governor in 1999, Mu'azu worked as a businessman in the private sector.
Currently, Matt works for Gateway Church as their Creative Director.
William Allen Robertson was President of the Louisiana State Senate and Acting Lieutenant Governor for two and a half months in 1881.
Marín was elected governor in 1983 upon the restoration of democracy, serving until 1987.
He later served as the Secretary of the Navy from 1897 to 1902, a period that included the primarily naval Spanish–American War.
Fernández was the first elected Prefect of Pando, an office which had previously been appointed by the President.
After leaving office, he was president and CEO of the Cimarron Health Plan from 1993 to 2003.
George Johnson McMillin was a United States Navy Rear Admiral who served as the 38th and final Naval Governor of Guam.
On 20 March 2009, Acevedo Vilá was found by a jury not guilty of all the charges against him.
In an example of American politics during the Era of Good Feelings, Bond was elected to both positions without opposition.
He was reelected in 1847, and his administration concentrated on improving state schooling and government.
He was an elder of the Popolzai Pashtun tribe in Oruzgan and a close ally of Hamid Karzai.
Calvin Stewart Brice was a Democratic politician from Ohio.
Benjamin Franklin Perry was the 72nd Governor of South Carolina, appointed by President Andrew Johnson in 1865 after the end of the American Civil War.
La Fayette Grover was a Democratic politician and lawyer from the U.S. state of Oregon.
Facundo Melgares was a Spanish military officer who served as both the last Spanish Governor of New Mexico and the first Mexican Governor of New Mexico.
Dunklin was also the father-in-law of Missouri Lieutenant Governor Franklin Cannon.
