Alphonso Carreker He attended Columbus Marion Franklin High School.
McCauley was a two-time First Team All-Conference selection and two-time Conference Player of the Year.
After graduation Jim Bob signed a free agent contract with the Kansas City Chiefs.
Frederick Michael Cole was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Orvis was chosen to be inducted into the College Football Hall Of Fame on January 8, 2015.
Gerry Perry was a defensive lineman and placekicker in the National Football League.
Joseph Francis Lintzenich was a professional American football player for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League.
Korey Banks is a defensive back who is currently a free agent.
He played college football at the University of Massachusetts Amherst where he was a standout playing running back, wide receiver and defensive back.
Willie Martin is a former offensive lineman who played ten seasons in the Canadian Football League, six of them with the Edmonton Eskimos.
At the end of the 1947 season, Czarobski was selected as a first-team All-American by the Newspaper Enterprise Association and the International News Service.
while playing for the University of Kentucky.
Armstrong was released by the Tiger-Cats in May 2014.
Byron Bullock played college football for the University of South Dakota Coyotes.
His son Rory Connop played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the CFL as a defensive lineman.
In his junior and senior seasons at Michigan, he led the team to two consecutive undefeated seasons and national championships.
Clifford L. Ashburn was an American football player.
Kezarrick Montines McCorvey is a former professional football player.
However, starting in 1960, he played all 16 games for 5 out of 6 years and was a western conference all-star from 1964 to 1966.
Gregory Alexandre is a professional Canadian football defensive lineman who is currently a free agent.
's offensive line in 2 games in October of that season.
He was signed by the Los Angeles Chargers in 2017 as part of new coach Anthony Lynn's rebuilding of the team.
He coached at New Trier high school in Illinois for 20 years with an overall record of 145–47–1.
He recovered a fumble for the Saints in 1968, the only fumble recovery of his career.
Peter, who was the graduate's father, and Cosmo, Jr., the graduate's uncle.
He previously played junior football with the Ottawa Sooners.
He also had stints with the Kansas City Chiefs and the Houston Oilers.
James graduated from high school in 1911 and enrolled at Adrian College where he became a star football player.
In 2002, Cohon married Suzanne Elizabeth Lucido.
Reyna Onald Thompson is a former American football defensive back in the National Football League for the New York Giants.
He has also been a member of the Denver Broncos and Calgary Stampeders.
He is a two-time Grey Cup champion, winning in 2008 and 2014 with the Calgary Stampeders.
After his football career, Willie Evans taught in Buffalo area schools for more than 30 years.
He played college football at West Virginia State University and East Carolina University.
However, the promise he showed was unfulfilled, as his career was beset with injury.
He attended the University of Colorado Boulder where he played college football at the center position for the Colorado Buffaloes.
Steve Levantis was a Canadian professional football player who played for the Toronto Argonauts and Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
Waszczuk's professional football career began in 1975 with the Hamilton Tiger Cats when he was drafted in the first round.
Kruger was also a boxing champion for Alberta.
Terry Nelson, is a former American professional football player.
He was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in 1965.
Jason Kosec is a former professional Canadian football linebacker.
He played college football for the Nevada Wolf Pack.
He also scored 22 touchdowns and kicked 13 PATs, and his 145 career points puts him 14th on the school's all-time charts.
After retiring from athletics, Garrels worked as a chemical engineer.
His brother in law is NBA player Chris Quinn.
On returning to Oklahoma, he reported that he had gotten the "workout of his life in the film capital.
He was inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 1988.
He won the Grey Cup with the Tiger-Cats in 1963.
Giovanni "Gino" Berretta is a former award-winning kicker in the Canadian Football League.
Switzer went on to play for two seasons with the Packers before serving two years in the United States Air Force as a first lieutenant.
William White is a former American football safety who played eleven seasons in the National Football League from 1988-1998.
Brady attended Nevada-Reno from 1948 until 1951, first as a quarterback and then as a punter.
He later played for the Hamilton Wildcats from 1944 through 1948.
Bill and his brothers Annis and Frank played together in the offensive backfield of the 1938 Grey Cup champion Argonaut team.
He won the Grey Cup with Saskatchewan in 1966.
He led them to an 0–5–1 overall record in 1907—his only season.
Johnson became a free agent on February 15, 2010.
Skladany comes from a football family of note.
After eight seasons with the Roughriders, Adams was released and spent brief periods of time with the Edmonton Eskimos and Spokane Shock before retiring.
He graduated from the University of Hawaii at Manoa with a degree in Communications in December 2009.
Tony gave me that gift by callling me his friend.
Mr Hochertz is currently a Business and Finance teacher at Archbishop McCarthy High School.
He played college football at Xavier University and professionally for the American Football League's 1966 expansion team, the Miami Dolphins.
William Arnold Bevan, Sr. was an American football player and coach.
Playing his junior football in Calgary, Carter was a blacksmith's apprentice.
Both Ridgway's and McCallum's streaks ended with misses in BC Place Stadium.
He spent most of his time with the Bills bouncing back and forth from the practice squad, and played maybe 18 NFL snaps in his career.
He was inducted into the Southern Methodist University Hall of Fame in 1982.
He grew up in the Sterling, Virginia area and attended Park View High School there in the early 1980s.
Cleveland now works for Magna Electric Corporation in the safety division.
Paul Crane is a former American football center for seven seasons for the New York Jets.
Holland was born in San Antonio, Texas and grew up in Sherman, Texas.
He served as the head coach for the Staten Island Stapletons of the National Football League during the 1931 season.
Brown was engaged to Candace N. Cagle, October 23, 2010.
On October 16, 1966, Wilson led the Miami Dolphins to their first win, defeating the Denver Broncos by a score of 24–7.
He became immersed in the city's drug culture, was injured in a knife fight and became homeless at one point.
He was traded to the Philadelphia Eagles before the 1976 season in exchange for two future draft picks.
Etcheverry's jersey #92 is one of seven retired by the Alouettes.
He has since earned a starting spot as an outside linebacker for the Roughriders and was named a CFL West Division All-Star in 2009.
He died on March 11, 2012 following a lengthy illness.
Jermaine Mays is a former professional American and Canadian football cornerback.
He was drafted out of the University of Texas by the Vikings in the 1963 NFL Draft.
Jack Abendschan is a former Canadian Football League offensive lineman and placekicker who played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders from 1965 through 1975.
Coy Ernest Ruple is a former American football tackle who played two seasons in the National Football League for the Pittsburgh Steelers.
In his professional career, Blair had 310 catches for 4642 yards and 26 touchdowns.
He was the first NFL player to live to the age of 100.
He was signed by the Calgary Stampeders as an undrafted free agent in 2008.
Freddie Joe Douglas is a former National Football League wide receiver who played for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 1976.
He played with the Buffalo Bills in 1996 as a member of the team's practice squad.
Greg Scales is a former professional American football player who played tight end for five seasons for the New Orleans Saints.
He was signed by the San Francisco 49ers of the NFL as an undrafted free agent in 2011.
He played college football for the University of Colorado at Boulder from 1893 to 1895 and for the University of Michigan from 1896 to 1898.
He played high school his freshman through junior year at Peoria Heights High School.
Because his father was the U.S. Attorney General, the case received coverage in the press.
He was the Chair of Forensic Psychology, in the Psychology Department, University of Saskatchewan.
After two seasons with the Eagles, Allison contributed another three seasons with the St. Louis Cardinals and finished his NFL career with the Denver Broncos.
I probably had the best training camp since my first year playing."
He played college football with the Liberty Flames.
After the season, Melin was released and never played again.
A native of Chicago, he was Illinois state champ in the 100-yard dash.
Lusteg died on July 12, 2012 after suffering from lung cancer for three years.
He and his wife Vivian had 2 sons and a daughter.
Donald Allen Wilson is a former professional gridiron football defensive back.
Al Fredrick Smith is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League.
He played college football at New Mexico State University.
In 1973 while a member of the Pittsburgh Steelers, Adams became a Scientologist.
He won the Grey Cup with them in 1948.
Thomas Bedore is a former American football end in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.
His father, Ted Fritsch, played for the Green Bay Packers in the 1940s.
During training camp, he shared kicking duties with Luca Congi.
Hyland currently owns the Sports Page pub and Sports Page in White Plains, New York.
His younger brother, Renaldo Hill, is currently a free agent.
Donald Ross "Don" Getty, OC AOE was a Canadian politician who served as the 11th Premier of Alberta between 1985 and 1992.
Off the field Shomari owns and operates two companies designed at helping high school student athletes get exposure and opportunities to receive athletic scholarships.
Troy Stark was an American football offensive lineman.
He finished his career with the San Diego Chargers, where he played in Super Bowl XXIX.
Donald C. Popplewell is a former American football player.
Peter Kudryk was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
They traded for him, and he went to the Raiders at the preseason's end.
He was signed in 1999 as an undrafted free agent by the San Diego Chargers.
He clicked in opening holes for his backfielders.
In 1936, Mathewson was elected into the Baseball Hall of Fame, as one of its first five members.
With the Vikings, McCarty developed into a dual threat, being used heavily as a rusher and receiver.
Kammerer is a retired charter member of the federal government's Senior Executive Service.
He won the Grey Cup with them in 1964.
In 2011, he was inducted into the University of Wisconsin Athletics Hall of Fame.
He spent a season playing baseball for the Grand Forks Chiefs; a Class C minor league team in the Pittsburgh Pirates organization.
He previously played three seasons in the Canadian Football League and one in the World Football League.
He is a member of the Indiana Football Hall of Fame.
He joined the Bears in 1949, rushing for 1,366 yards and catching 135 passes in eight years.
Robertson has also been a member of the Philadelphia Eagles.
He was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the seventh round of the 1990 NFL Draft.
He played college football at North Carolina State University.
Walter Augustus Abercrombie is a former professional American football running back and kick returner that played in the National Football League.
Wilson played football at the University of Dayton, where he played both offensive tackle and fullback for the Flyers.
Alapa joined the Montreal Alouettes in 1977, playing 12 games and was part of their Grey Cup championship.
Mikawos currently resides in Los Cabos, Mexico, where he sells timeshares.
After a season with the Montreal Hornets, he joined the Montreal Alouettes in 1948 and was part of the Larks first Grey Cup championship.
Shane Clifton Curry was an American football player in the NFL.
He was a three-year letterman from 1926 to 1928.
He is the child of Wilfred R. and Faye Hultz.
He is married to the former TSN reporter Sheri Forde.
He signed to the Los Angeles Rams in 1970 for a five-game trial, but returned to Edmonton.
Oneschuk was later a renowned wood carver.
Valli was selected in the 1st round, 6th overall, by the Lions in the 2006 CFL draft.
He also played in the famed Mud Bowl, the 1950 Grey Cup but retired after a serious mid-season kidney injury in 1951.
The Minnesota Vikings picked Redwine in the second round of the 1981 NFL Draft, and he played for the Vikings from 1981 to 1983.
In 1970, he led the nation in rushing with 1,720 yards and all-purpose running with 2,021 yards.
He was drafted 42nd overall in the 2012 CFL Draft by the Montreal Alouettes and signed with the club on May 17, 2013.
Elliott Richardson is a professional Canadian football defensive back who is currently a free agent.
Although Notre Dame is highly ranked academically, it has also been called a "jock school" as it has produced a large number of athletes.
Kori Markese Dickerson is a former American football tight end in the National Football League and Canadian Football League.
He played college football at the University of Tennessee.
Keefer died in 1966 at age 66 at a Veterans Administration hospital in Dayton, Ohio.
He was also a member of the San Diego Chargers of the National Football League.
Ah You is also a member of the Arizona State Sports Hall of Fame and the Hawaii Sports Hall of Fame.
He was driving alone in his car when he was struck by an oncoming vehicle while attempted to pass another car.
Seals currently lives in Clinton, Mississippi and has served as a member of the Hinds County Sheriff's Department.
He was a member of the Pittsburgh Steelers during the 1987 NFL season.
He was drafted by the New York Jets in the 7th round of the 1996 NFL Draft.
He played college football at Howard Payne University and was drafted in the seventh round of the 1970 NFL Draft.
The Denver Broncos signed him as an undrafted free agent, and he played a singled season for Broncos in 1986.
In the game, Kmetovic rushed for 141 yards and returned a punt for a touchdown to lead the Indians to a 21-13 victory over Nebraska.
Pingel was selected by the Detroit Lions in the first round of the 1939 NFL Draft.
Jack Graf joined the Ohio State football team as quarterback and served as a backup to All-American Don Scott for two years.
Amerson won the Walter Payton Award, given to the most outstanding NCAA Division FCS offensive player, as a senior at Northern Arizona University in 1996.
Wiley died on August 18, 2011, aged 83, only four days short of his 84th birthday.
He played in the National Football League for the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1942.
Simon Shanks was a National Football League player for the Arizona Cardinals in 1995.
He died in 1932 in Jackson, Michigan and was buried in Akron, Ohio.
Cody Husband is a professional Canadian football offensive lineman for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League.
His name was put in the All-time Argos on September 19, 2010.
He played college football at the University of Oklahoma and was drafted in the first round of the 1996 NFL Draft.
Geoff Tisdale is a professional Canadian football defensive back.
As point guard, he led South Dakota State to the NCAA Division II National Championship in 1963 and was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player.
He was released by the Jets in order to reduce salary cap space when the team signed Ty Law in 2005.
The next year, he hauled in 22 catches for 324 yards.
Frederick L. Conklin was an American football player and coach, medical doctor and naval officer.
Arthur James "The Bulldog" Donovan Jr. was an American football defensive tackle who played for three National Football League teams, most notably the Baltimore Colts.
And, for the second time in his career, he won the CFL's Most Outstanding Canadian Award.
From 2009-2012, Koch played with the Edmonton Eskimos.
He played college football at the University of South Carolina.
As an official, he wears uniform number 133 and is on the officiating crew headed by referee Jeff Triplette.
Freitas is currently the Chancellor at the University of Hawaii–West Oahu.
During his college years, he coined the name "Wrecking Crew" for the Texas A&M University football team defense.
Alderman is also a certified public accountant.
He then transferred to the University of Washington,(79-80).
Robbert Lee Riddick is a former American football running back in the NFL who played for the Buffalo Bills.
Judges played his amateur football with the Scarborough Rams.
Robert Noel was a Canadian football player who played for the Regina Roughriders and Montreal Alouettes.
He currently sits on the board of directors of both the Winnipeg Blue Bomber Alumni & Winnipeg Rifles Junior Football Club.
He played college football at the University of Washington and was drafted in the first round of the 1986 NFL Draft.
Wilcher was also a running back for the Michigan Wolverines football team from 1983–1986.
In 2004, Black was inducted into the Winnipeg Blue Bombers Hall of Fame.
Gilbert Laverne "Gibby" Welch was an American football player who played college football for the University of Pittsburgh.
Scott was born in Elizabeth, New Jersey, and attended preparatory school at Mercersburg Academy.
He also played seven seasons in the Canadian Football League.
Todd Richard Burger is a former professional American football player.
He was drafted 22nd overall by the Argonauts as a defensive lineman in the 2011 CFL Draft and signed with the team on May 31, 2011.
He was drafted by the Saskatchewan Roughriders in the second round of the 2001 CFL Draft.
Edmonds currently hosts his own show "The Lunch Special" on the Hog Sports Radio Network in Northwest Arkansas.
Weiner spent most of his adult life in Greensboro, North Carolina, USA with his wife, Marion "Boots" Weiner.
He played college football at Arizona State.
Born in the Bay View section of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Comp had sight in only one eye.
In a 2012 game against the BC Lions, Jackson returned a missed field goal deep in his own end zone for a 129-yard touchdown.
He was a consensus All-American in 1976.
Nelson played college football at the University of Oklahoma and was drafted in the fourteenth round of the 1954 NFL Draft.
A 12th round drafted quarterback from Northern Illinois University, Golsteyn played in 8 NFL seasons from 1977 to 1984 for 5 different teams.
Struggling with hearing loss, Collier retired after the 1970 season, although he remained a scout and quarterbacks coach for several more years.
Lions, Hamilton Tiger Cats, and Saskatchewan Roughriders.
He also helped the Hamilton Tiger-Cats win the Grey Cup in 1957.
He played for the Baltimore Ravens from 2002–2005 and San Francisco 49ers in 2006.
Holland "Holly" Aplin was a Canadian football player who played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
He served in Vietnam from September 23, 1966 to October 18, 1967 where he received the Bronze Star and Navy Cross.
Anton Henry "Tony" Momsen, Jr. was an American football center in the National Football League for the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Washington Redskins.
Czaraobski was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1977.
Since retiring he has been a defensive line coach for the Washington State Cougars, Toronto Argonauts, Edmonton Eskimos and Saskatchewan Roughriders.
As an official, Lane was assigned to Super Bowl XXIII in 1989 and Super Bowl XXXIII in 1999 and wore the uniform number 120.
Urban Leroy Odson was an American football tackle in the National Football League who played 44 games for the Green Bay Packers.
He played CIS football at Carleton University and attended Nepean High School in Ottawa, Ontario.
His son Jerry later became the dance partner to Doris Mary Ann Kappelhoff, who is better known to audiences as actress Doris Day.
The program listed "Kahn, Edwin …Nationality, Hebrew."
He won the Grey Cup with them in 1970.
He won the Grey Cup with Calgary in 1971.
He was a consensus All-American in 1934.
He soon made Pitt's varsity squad as a freshman, playing end.
Ernest W. "Chick" Choukalos was a Canadian football player who played for the Calgary Stampeders, Saskatchewan Roughriders and BC Lions.
On June 24, 2012, Tisdale was traded to the Hamilton Tiger-Cats for Hamilton's third-round and sixth-round draft picks in 2014.
He is currently a sportscaster with Canadian sports television channel TSN as part of the CFL on TSN studio panel during the CFL season.
In 2004, he was selected as a Canada-West All-Star, 2nd Team All-Canadian, and played in the East vs West All-Star game in Windsor, Ontario.
He attended Louisiana State University, where he played college football for the LSU Tigers football team.
Malcolm "Mac" Aldrich was an American football player for the Yale Bulldogs football team of Yale University from 1919 to 1921.
The suspension was extended for the 2003 season after Anderson failed to meet the requirements for reinstatement.
Jack C. Carpenter was an American football player.
The Ticats entered the game as 12-point underdogs.
Carey enrolled at Cornell University where he played at the guard and center positions on the Cornell Big Red football team from 1924 to 1926.
In mid-2005, Andre Sommersell resigned from the National Football League to pursue his professional business career.
In 2014, he was inducted into the Canadian Colleges Athletic Association Hall of Fame.
Hargett was an honor student in electrical engineering at Texas A&M and later served as the manager of the Houston County Electric Co-op in Crockett, Texas.
He was later cut from the team.
He previously played at the University of Dayton.
He also played professionally in Europe for several teams.
He later became Defensive Coach for the UBC Thunderbirds from 1983 to 1987 and 1989 to 1990 including the Vanier Cup Championship in 1986.
Alston played college football for the East Carolina Pirates as a quarterback, running back, and wide receiver.
He played college football at the University of North Dakota.
He was a star football running back and baseball player.
He was named athletic director of the Northern Alberta Institute of Technology in 1968 and held the position until 1998.
He enrolled at the University of Michigan and played football under head coach Fritz Crisler from 1939 to 1941.
A Fighting Scot from Edinboro State College, Holmes joined the Toronto Argonauts in 1977, but played only 3 games and rushed for 151 yards with them.
Jonathan Himebauch is currently the Offensive Line Coach for the University of Nevada, Reno.
Otis Floyd is a former gridiron football linebacker.
He played professional football for the Butte, Montana football team in 1896 and 1897 and practiced law in Butte and Chicago from 1896 to 1953.
He played 12 seasons in the CFL for the Calgary Stampeders, Edmonton Eskimos, Montreal Alouettes and Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
He lived in Markham, Ontario in his later years, where he died in January 2014 of Alzheimer's disease.
He later worked as offensive line coach for the junior Victoria Rebels.
He played for the University of Michigan from 1971 to 1973.
Bob Simms is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for three seasons for the New York Giants and Pittsburgh Steelers
He played college football at the University of Wisconsin and was drafted in the sixth round of the 2001 NFL Draft.
He previously attended and played football at the University of Oklahoma, and was the quarterback of the school's first national championship team in 1950.
Injuries limited his 1972 season, catching 17 passes for 301 yards.
He enjoyed a 5,000 yard, 30 TD passing season with Ottawa.
He played for both the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and the Ottawa Rough Riders.
Kelly never missed a game in his 12 seasons in the CFL, playing 175 consecutive games.
He was a first-team All-Western lineman and the captain of Michigan's 1915 football team.
After retirement, Johnson moved his family to Atlanta, where he currently has his own business, Family Capital Management, a multi-family family office.
He enrolled at Colorado State University in 1971 and went on to set every school receiving record by the time he graduated in 1974.
Gassert was drafted by the Packers in the fourth round of the 1962 NFL Draft.
He later served overseas with the Canadian Army for three years, during World War II.
Tim Prinsen is a former professional Canadian football offensive lineman who is currently the offensive line coach for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.
Canton was later accused of throwing the championship in a betting scandal.
William Zock is a former professional Canadian football offensive lineman who played for the Toronto Argonauts and the Edmonton Eskimos from 1937 to 1954.
He graduated from Central Valley High School in Spokane, Washington in 1963.
After two years out of organized baseball Masters was president, manager and business manager of the Ottawa Senators in the Can–Am League in 1936.
As of May 9, 2011, Fletcher is a defensive co-ordinator for Paramount High School's football team.
He played college football at Alcorn State University.
Chris works for the bond investment bankers Cutwater Asset management in Armonk, NY.
Casad thereafter served for 25 years in the United States Army, attaining the rank of colonel.
From 2006 to 2008, he has played as kick coverage on special teams and as a back-up at running back.
Robert William Nelson is a retired American football nose tackle who played in the National Football League.
Gordon Judges is a former professional Canadian football defensive lineman for the Montreal Alouettes in the Canadian Football League.
He was signed by the Eskimos as an undrafted free agent in 2009.
Bob Masters is a former professional American football player who played running back for six seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles and Chicago Bears.
He retired prior to the start of the 2000 NFL season after failing a physical.
He played college football for the Houston Cougars.
Fantetti was born in Toledo, Oregon, in 1957 and played college football at the University of Wyoming from 1975 to 1978.
Although he attended FAMU on a football scholarship, Willie Irvin also played on the basketball team.
After the 1968 season, Leo decided to return to academics, attending law school in the Boston area and practicing law for many years thereafter.
He attended Ohio State and was the Vikings first round draft pick in the 1971 NFL Draft.
He played at the quarterback and fullback positions for the University of Southern California Trojans football teams from 1929–1931.
Alain Kaleta Olony T. Kashama is a former Canadian football defensive end who played in the Canadian Football League and National Football League.
Watson was chosen Most Valuable Lineman in the 1962-1963 Hula Bowl college all-star game and is a member of the All Time Gator Bowl team.
He was an All-Big Ten halfback who led the conference in scoring in 1933.
Maurer served in the Canadian Forces from 1993 to 1994.
He played three years in the National Football League, from 1968 to 1970, then returned to Nebraska to complete work on his degree.
He once said his greatest thrill was the day he kicked two field goals against Notre Dame.
He played as a linebacker for six seasons in the NFL.
Bernard "Bernie" Finn was a professional American football player who played running back for three seasons for the Newark Tornadoes, Staten Island Stapletons, and Chicago Cardinals.
Millard was born in Corunna, Michigan in 1892, the son of Frank A. Millard and Emma Millard.
His cousins, Will Lewis and Tim Lewis, also played in the NFL and currently hold management positions for professional football teams.
Gary Jeffries is the former head coach for Wilfrid Laurier University's football team, the Wilfrid Laurier Golden Hawks.
W. H. Mobberley was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
He won the Grey Cup with them in 1964.
Mickey McCarty was a former professional American football player who played tight end for one season for the Kansas City Chiefs.
He was a nominee for the Jeff Russel Memorial Trophy in 1948.
Angsman's production fell off significantly in 1950 and 1951, with 363 and 380 yards, respectively, and an average under 3.5 yards per carry.
The Redskins cut Stemke in August 2004.
In 1997, he was the first Packers' player to make the Pro Bowl for his play on kick coverage.
Henry Henderson "Hank" Allison is a former professional American football offensive tackle.
He played for the Chargers for four seasons as a defensive starter.
Bernard Terry "Bernie" Casey, is an American actor, poet, and retired professional football player.
Gordy became the California state director of Fellowship of Christian Athletes in 1999.
Matt Allen is a former American football punter in the NFL who played for the New York Giants.
Masters returned to the majors for limited duty in 1937 and 1939 then went 8–10 in 1940 for the Wilmington Blue Rocks and Portland Beavers.
He made three Pro Bowls while playing for New York and appeared in all three of Denver's Super Bowls in the 1980s.
John Alexander Woyat was a Canadian football player who played for the Edmonton Eskimos.
He was drafted in the fourth round of the 1941 NFL Draft.
Michael "Mike" O'Shea is the head coach of the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League.
He played 15 seasons in the Canadian Football League for six different teams.
In 2013, he was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.
He later became a dentist in Skokie, Illinois.
Canadian singer-songwriter Donovan Woods' song "My Cousin Has a Grey Cup Ring" was inspired by Weir, who is the cousin of Woods' father.
Ludovic Kashindi is a former professional Canadian football defensive back.
He played high school football at Dubuque Senior High School, where he was part of the 1924 Iowa State championship football team.
Smith played college football at Michigan Agricultural College, now known as Michigan State University, from 1913 to 1914.
He resides in Atlanta and is married and has 3 children.
He died of cancer on February 17, 2017, at age 38.
He played college football at Brigham Young University and attended Kahuku High & Intermediate School in Kahuku, Hawaii.
He died of lymphoma on March 3, 2002.
Nicolas Boulay is a Canadian football linebacker who is a member of the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League.
He was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the 2004 NFL Draft but never played a season game and was released after two seasons.
Loyola recorded 31 consecutive victories between 1928 and 1930.
Willie Taylor was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and BC Lions.
LaDairis G. Jackson is a former American football defensive end in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins and Cincinnati Bengals.
On October 15, 1927 he kicked a record 5 field goals, all on drop kicks.
He played professionally as a defensive back for the Eskimos from 1995 to 1999.
"Chuck" Sweeney was an American football end at the University of Notre Dame.
Lewis Oscar "Bull" Smith was a Major League Baseball outfielder.
That year, he was awarded with all-league honors as a member of the Alcee Fortier High School football team.
Later, he coached at the University of Western Ontario and was a referee from 1935 through 1940.
Frank Cosentino was a quarterback in the Canadian Football League.
He played college football at Florida State University.
Holmes started his career in the National Football League, playing three seasons, mainly for the San Francisco 49ers.
Although he also filled in at center on occasion, Vogler spent much of the next four seasons as Buffalo's starter at right guard.
His is remembered as founder of multiple sports teams and the first coach of the Edmonton Eskimos football team.
He attended Terry Sanford High School in Fayetteville, North Carolina.
The Buccaneers intended to draft him in the first round, but a broken communication resulted in their mistakenly drafting Sean Farrell.
His brother Justin plays in the National Football League as a linebacker.
Larry Uteck was a Canadian professional football athlete, university sports administrator, football coach, and municipal politician.
Todd Leslie Frain is a former American football tight end in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins and the New England Patriots.
He was selected in the fourth round of the 1983 NFL Draft to the Bengals.
He was drafted 5th overall in the 2015 CFL Draft by the BC Lions and played one season for the team before his release in 2016.
Picard assumed senior status on March 31, 1959 and remained on the bench until his death in Saginaw on February 28, 1963.
In 2006, he was selected in the fourth round by the Edmonton Eskimos in the Renegades' dispersal draft.
He was signed by the Eskimos as a street free agent in 2009.
McLaughlin was the head football coach at San Fernando Valley State College—now known as California State University, Northridge—from 1969 to 1970.
He was drafted by the Boston Patriots in the sixteenth round of the 1968 NFL Draft.
Moore was selected in the first round by the Buffalo Bills in the 1981 NFL Draft.
He played six seasons in the National Football League, the first five with the Seattle Seahawks and the final one with the Pittsburgh Steelers.
McAfee is a member of the College Football Hall of Fame and the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
Walter was re-signed by the Patriots on November 22, 2006, after Josh Miller was placed on injured reserve.
Joining the organization in 1961, he served as the general manager of the Edmonton Eskimos from 1966 to 1985.
Jermaine Reid is a professional Canadian football defensive tackle who is currently a free agent.
In announcing the selection of Toohey, Daniel wrote:
He practiced law for more than 50 years in Canton, Ohio.
During that time he played with the Shelby Blues, Elyria Athletics, Akron Indians and the Massillon Tigers.
Dingle missed the entire 1999 season due to injury.
He was originally signed by the Cleveland Browns as an undrafted free agent in 2005.
Bryan Payton is a professional Canadian football linebacker most recently for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.
He played in Super Bowl XII with the Broncos.
He played in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.
He also spent three seasons in the USFL.
Charles Leo Goodrum was a guard and offensive tackle in the National Football League for the Minnesota Vikings.
Way coached football at the University of Dayton and Virginia Tech.
He played college football at South Carolina State University and was drafted in the seventh round of the 1968 NFL Draft.
Vernon Perry is a former professional American football player who played safety for five seasons for the Houston Oilers and New Orleans Saints.
As a wide receiver, in 1964 he caught four touchdown passes from Len Dawson in a 49–6 Chiefs defeat of the San Diego Chargers.
He played college football at Brigham Young University.
He was selected to three Pro Bowls.
His brother Devin Bush is a former safety in the National Football League.
He played college football at Penn State University.
He finished that year and played another in Denver, then one more for Seattle before concluding his NFL career.
Prior to his coaching career, he played in the early NFL for the Cardinals, Green Bay Packers and Milwaukee Badgers.
He played college football as a quarterback at the University of Colorado at Boulder.
He died in 2016, a week shy of his 87th birthday.
A native of Lombard, Illinois, he attended Chicago's St. Philip High School where he played fullback for the St. Philip Gaels football team.
He played college football for the North Dakota Fighting Sioux.
Reinson played in six Grey Cups and won four with all three teams he played.
Then in 1952, while playing against the Pittsburgh Steelers, Craft was able to block three Extra points.
Dupuis played college football at the University of Notre Dame.
He died in 1972 after a long illness.
His son, Cody Ceci, is a professional hockey player who was selected by the Ottawa Senators in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
Harland Ah You is a former gridiron football defensive lineman who played 10 games with the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League in 1998.
As of 2011, he continued to be the all-time Eskimo leader in games played.
Bass was the MVP of Michigan State University, his senior season of 1979.
Born in Detroit, Michigan, he died in Brown County, Ohio at the age of 102.
Casey was the son-in-law of African American entrepreneur Samuel B. Fuller.
He played CIS football for the Acadia Axemen.
Robinson, who played college football for the Alabama Crimson Tide, was drafted by the Indianapolis Colts in the 6th round of the 1987 NFL Draft.
In 1956, Whitmire was elected into the College Football Hall of Fame.
He went to one Pro Bowl during his 13-year career.
Stacey Dwayne Bailey is a former American football wide receiver.
Terry Black was a Canadian football player who played for the Ottawa Rough Riders.
Lund was born in Rice Lake, Wisconsin and attended Rice Lake High School.
He then came to Canada for an all-star career.
He played college football for the Oregon State Beavers and Texas Southern Tigers.
This ranks him 12th at Northwestern in total wins and 24th at Northwestern in winning percentage.
Fernand Kashama is a former Canadian football defensive lineman who played in the Canadian Football League.
In 1978, he was drafted by his hometown B.C.
He represents many past NFL players in concussion related cases.
Obed Cétoute is a former Canadian football wide receiver.
At the end of the season, he had completed 267 of 459 passes for 4002 yards and 24 touchdowns.
Sitko still stands seventh on Notre Dame's career rushing charts.
Following his playing career, Rote served as the Giants backfield coach and was sports broadcaster for WNEW radio, NBC, and WNBC New York.
George Burlingame "Dygie" Dygert was an American football player and lawyer.
Received the nickname "Laptop" from Bill Parcells because of his fondness for technology.
Tucker lived in Lincroft, a neighborhood in Middletown Township, New Jersey.
Branndon Stewart is a former American football player.
Charles William "Bill" Streit, Jr. was an American football player, coach, and official.
Bob "Concrete" Zielinski was an American football end.
Under McGuirk, the Badgers had entered the league in 1922, and through 1924 they were successful in fielding a competitive team.
He graduated from Virginia Tech after playing college football at Grossmont College and Colorado State University.
He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2005.
In April 2008, Pringle was inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in his first year of eligibility.
In 1986, he was named to Concordia’s All-Ten Year Football Team.
He played college football at the University of Maryland and was drafted in the third round of the 1963 NFL Draft by the Philadelphia Eagles.
He then played for the Chicago Cardinals during the 1927 and 1928 seasons.
He was a Grey Cup champion twice as a player, and twice as special consultant to Montreal Alouettes head coach Marc Trestman in 2009 and 2010.
The doctors had failed in finding the fractured bones, until the next day when he had awoken from chronic pain in his neck.
In 1977, he played 7 games and rushed for 273 yards, but his average was a low 2.8 yards per carry.
Earl Francis "Jug" Girard was an American football player.
He played college football at Western Michigan University.
He would return to play for Hamburg during the 2006 season, this time allocated by the Cleveland Browns.
Brett MacNeil is a former professional Canadian football offensive lineman who played twelve seasons in the Canadian Football League.
He attended college at the University of Central Florida.
In 1951, he accepted a position as assistant coach at the University of Detroit under Earl "Dutch" Clark, and succeeded Clark as head coach.
Mitchell was traded to the British Columbia Lions in 1966 and scored his highest points in a season that year with 67.
He also played in the National Football League, World League and for the Birmingham Thunderbolts of the XFL.
Colquitt signed with Tennessee in 1990, but redshirted his first year.
John Sherwood Seedborg is a former American football guard and kicker in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.
He spend the majority of his professional career with the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League.
He was signed by the Austin Wranglers as a street free agent in 2009.
He also played three seasons in the National Football League.
He died of complications during surgery in Fort Myers, Florida in 2004.
Gerorge Fraser was an award winning, all-star and Grey Cup champion Canadian football player, playing from 1932 to 1945.
He earned three varsity letters at Colorado State and Mountain West Conference honorable mention.
Robert Waymon Curtis is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.
Ursella played college football for the University of Minnesota.
Thomas Frank Lynch is a former American football guard in the National Football League for the Seattle Seahawks and the Buffalo Bills.
Strifler then signed with the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League in 1965.
Born David Andrew Whitsell, he played collegiate football at Indiana University in Bloomington.
Herve Tonye-Tonye is a professional Canadian football linebacker who is currently a free agent.
In bar work the bar protrudes from the chuck, is worked upon, then cut off by a lathe tool rather than being sawn off.
He played college football at the University of California.
He was signed by the Pittsburgh Steelers as an undrafted free agent in 2002.
In 1935, Kahn tried out for the Boston Redskins, making the team as a guard and becoming the third North Carolina player to join the NFL.
He led the Lions in interceptions in 1976, 1977, and 1980.
He was arrested in May 1910 for misapplying city funds.
Williams was an All-American at the University of Miami in 1981.
He was fired three games into the 1962 season and replaced by assistant coach Nobby Wirkowski.
Power Shift - a novel about a sports reporter and a player who hate each other.
Brock Ralph is a former professional Canadian football slotback and wide receiver.
Charles Wesley "Pug" Vaughan was an American football running back.
He now lives in San Diego, California.
He retired in 1935 and died in October 1957.
He then worked with Mead Corporation for nearly 30 years before retiring in 1959.
Perhaps he is best known for having 68 receiving yards in the terrible weather that accompanied the 1971 Grey Cup.
As an anti-McKay reform candidate, Goebel was three times elected mayor of Grand Rapids in the 1950s.
Schumm spent his 14-year CFL career as an linebacker and fullback for the Eskimos and Stampeders.
His nephew, Curtis Brown, is currently a cornerback for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League.
On November 4, 1906, East was reportedly released by the Tigers after having a good game in a 33-0 victory over the Pittsburgh Lyceum.
He played college football at Boston College.
Named SEC Player of the Week vs Missouri 1968,TENNESSEE 1969 AND Kansas STATE 1970.
Andrew Bradford "Brad" Rowland is a former football player.
Went into the draft in 1957 and was drafted in the 6th round by the Baltimore Colts.
His best game was in 1948 when he had 184 yards and 3 touchdowns against Detroit.
Larry Robinson is a former defensive back and placekicker who played fifteen seasons in the Canadian Football League for the Calgary Stampeders from 1961 to 1975.
Ray Holley is a gridiron football running back who is currently a free agent.
He played in 166 career regular-season games, including a stretch of 156 in a row.
He played college football for the New Mexico State University.
Dunn later attended Marquette University, earning All-America honors while leading the Golden Avalanche in 1922 and 1923 to a 17–0–1 record.
Adolph E. Kliebhan was a quarterback in the National Football League who played one game for the Green Bay Packers in 1921 before retiring.
Flemister was then signed as a free agent by the Washington Redskins in 2000.
He was the lead singer on the Lions' 1980 recording of Another One Bites the Dust.
He died in Toronto at age 49 from pneumonia.
He won the Grey Cup with Ottawa in 1969.
He is also in the HOF of Beta Theta Pi Fraternity.
Dean Valli is an offensive lineman with the Canadian Football League's British Columbia Lions.
Edward Henry "Ted" Reeve was a multi-sport Canadian athlete and sports journalist.
For the rugby league footballer of the 1960s for Great Britain, and Huddersfield, see Kenneth Bowman
He was co-captain of a Santa Clara University football squad that defeated Bear Bryant's highly ranked University of Kentucky team in the 1950 Orange Bowl.
He spent the rest of the war hospitalized and was later awarded the French War Cross and the Distinguished Service Cross.
Brian Dobie is a former Canadian football wide receiver and the current head coach for the University of Manitoba's football team, the Manitoba Bisons.
His 1948 season was a disappointment, falling to sixth in league scoring, and 1949 was plagued by injuries, leading him to retire.
John Roland "Big John" Huard is an American business executive and a former gridiron football player and coach.
Michael Joseph Klassen is a professional Canadian football defensive lineman for the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League.
He played college football at the University of Georgia.
He caught 34 passes for 283 yards and two touchdowns, and captured the Eddie James Memorial Trophy as the Western Division’s top rusher.
John Crncich was a Grey Cup champion Canadian Football League player.
'I was the poor fool who got picked to play against the Nessers, and they pulverized me.'
He previously played for at Daniel McIntyre High School.
He played collegiately for the LSU Tigers and professionally for the New Orleans Saints and the Kansas City Chiefs in the National Football League.
In 1984, he rushed 226 times for 1083 yards, which won him an all star and CFL's Most Outstanding Rookie Award.
Dean graduated from Radnor High School and earned All-State honors for football and track, and was named to the National High School All American team.
Billy Grimes was a professional American football player who played running back for three seasons in the National Football League.
He played in 3 title games, winning the championship twice in 1932 and 1933.
Rodehutskors was also a member of the Saskatchewan Roughriders
William Stanley "Bill" Carpenter, Jr. is a retired American military officer and former college football player.
Stoudt led the Steelers to a 9–2 start, but the team melted down late in the season.
Tim Cronk is a professional Canadian football fullback who is currently a free agent.
He was born in northern Ontario and moved to Niagara-on-the-Lake from Quebec in his teens.
He played his college football at Nebraska.
He went to Fordham and Nassau Community College.
He is one of the most accurate kickers in CFL history for those who have attempted more than 150 career field goals.
Walter A. Gorinski was a professional football player in the National Football League for the Pittsburgh Steelers.
He played college football at the University of Guelph.
On July 17, 2007, Stratton was waived from the team as the Titans pared their roster for training camp.
For his first two years with the club, he was a halfback.
Keith Shologan is a Canadian football defensive tackle for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League.
LTC Tucker retired from the US Air Force after a distinguished career in 1974.
As a dependable Canadian starter, he was an indispensable part of four Grey Cup victories.
He also played one season in the WFL, with the Southern California Sun, intercepting 3 passes.
Rankin died in 2006 at the age of 87.
He had been a first-round NFL draft pick of the Cleveland Browns, the 11th player selected in the 1962 draft.
He died in Walnut Creek, California in 1971.
He played college football at Rice University and was drafted in the seventh round of the 1962 NFL Draft.
His last year was 1982, when he played 4 games for the woeful Montreal Concordes.
He enrolled at the University of Michigan, where he played football for the Michigan Wolverines.
He was previously the general manager of the BC Lions, Toronto Argonauts, Ottawa Renegades, Saskatchewan Roughriders, and Edmonton Eskimos.
Ray Snell is a former guard in the National Football League for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Pittsburgh Steelers and the Detroit Lions.
He was also a five time all star.
He played college football at the University of Washington.
He spent his first seven years punting for the Detroit Lions and the last four years with the Seattle Seahawks.
Mark Kamphaus is a retired American football quarterback.
He would play Tight end with the Philadelphia Eagles in 1987.
Farasopoulos is married, has three daughters and lives with his family in California.
Chet Hanulak is a former professional American football player who played running back for four seasons for the Cleveland Browns.
He was a key defensive contributor during the Falcons first ever winning season in 1973.
Roy Bell was a running back who played five seasons in the Canadian Football League for the Edmonton Eskimos.
He won the Grey Cup with Hamilton in 1972.
He was signed by the Jacksonville Jaguars as an undrafted free agent in 2008.
He played college football for the UCLA Bruins from 2003-2005.
Joseph Montgomery, Jr. is a former professional American football running back.
He was also an all-star in 1941, 1946 and 1947 with the Bombers and in 1949 with the Stampeders.
He was signed as an undrafted free agent in 2005 by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
He played 34 games during three seasons, 1966, 1967, and 1969, with Green Bay.
He went on to win his first championship that season, the 91st Grey Cup with the Eskimos.
Winfield played college football at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill from 1982 to 1985.
After the war, he settled in the Los Angeles, California area where he married Marie Darrieulat, and raised three daughters, Lynne, Suzanne and Kathleen.
Frank Whiting Youngfleish was a professional football player from Pottsville, Pennsylvania, who played during the early years of the National Football League.
In 1914, he was a first-team All-American playing at the center position for Washington & Jefferson College.
Heffernan played CIS football for the Western Ontario Mustangs.
After the season, his sons John, Jason and Judd, who were enrolled at Columbia, transferred to Princeton University.
He also holds the school record in the shot put for track & field.
Thomas Cyril "Tommy" Mason was an American football running back in the National Football League.
Byrd only played one season in the NFL because of a knee injury he suffered in his senior year at NC State.
Steven Albert Martin is a former American football Nose Guard and Defensive Tackle that played for seven teams in a nine-year National Football League career.
Kendall was inducted into the Kentucky State Athletics Hall of Fame in 1975.
Spencer was Montreal Alouettes Special Teams player of the year 2007.
Estes also set the NCAA record for consecutive games started and games played in 2009.
He was selected as a second-team All-American in both 1922 and 1923.
Station, who played linebacker, is Iowa's leader in career tackles and was twice named as a consensus first team All-American.
Marshall Harris is a retired professional American football player who played defensive lineman for four seasons for the Cleveland Browns and New England Patriots.
His brother, Walt Michaels, also played in the NFL.
He played college football at Michigan State University and was drafted in the seventh round of the 1950 NFL Draft.
After struggling as a player, Rickey returned to college, where he learned about administration from Philip Bartelme.
Jim Swink was an All-American halfback at Texas Christian University in Fort Worth, Texas.
He has also been a member of the Edmonton Eskimos and Toronto Argonauts.
He was previously signed as an undrafted free agent by the Montreal Alouettes in 2008.
While traveling for treatments and therapy for his back he met his wife Christine.
Coincidentally, another former Giant, Carl "Spider" Lockhart, a defensive back from 1965-75, died from lymphoma on July 9, 1986.
He won the Grey Cup in 1968, 1969, and 1973.
Prior to joining the NFL, Tucker played for several seasons in the Atlantic Coast Football League, including the Pottstown Firebirds and the Lowell Giants.
He also played in the National Football League as a tackle for the Detroit Lions, appearing in nine games during his rookie year of 1943.
He was drafted by the Rough Riders in the third round of the 1989 CFL Draft.
Edmund Elisala Stansbury is a former professional American football fullback in the National Football League.
He helped the Blue Bombers to two Grey Cup championships in 1935 and 1939.
Dave Ritchie is a former coach in the Canadian Football League.
For much of his career he played a villainous character who would arrogantly taunt both opponents and crowds.
After his time with the Rams he went to play for the Chicago Bears where he sustained a knee injury and retired from professional football.
Raymond Earl Pinney Jr. is a former NFL offensive tackle and guard who played seven seasons with the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Ricky Ray is a professional Canadian football quarterback for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.
Gordon Perry was a star football player in the Canadian Football League for the Montreal AAA Winged Wheelers.
He was posthumously inducted into Cornell's Hall of Fame in 1987.
Elam played college football at Tennessee State University and was drafted in the fourth round of the 1975 NFL Draft by the 49ers.
Mark Kosmos was an American football player in the CFL for seven years.
A durable player, he never participated in fewer than 13 games in any year.
Michael David Jones is a defensive end who played nine seasons in the National Football League for four teams.
He then enrolled at Trinity Valley Community College in Athens, Texas.
He starred as a defensive back for the Ottawa Rough Riders and Montreal Alouettes.
John Congemi is a former Canadian Football League quarterback and current college football analyst for ESPNU and the Big East Network.
Fletcher then had a brief professional playing career in the fledgling National Football League.
He was the top promoter for the sport during that time period.
In total he caught 532 passes for 8663 yards in 160 career CFL games with 63 touchdowns.
He is a member of the Blue Bombers' Hall of Fame.
Jim Silye is a Canadian politician, businessman, and former professional football player for the Canadian Football League.
Shaw played defensive back for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and Winnipeg Blue Bombers from 1975-1986.
The Detroit Lions drafted him in 1954, the same year he was drafted into the United States Army, serving there for two years.
He played in the NFL from 1940–1945.
Brown also played for the Bloomington Edge.
The LeFebvre's are a famous and well regarded baseball and football family.
He was the first person to sign a Patriots contract on December 20, 1959.
He died on July 9, 2016 in Calgary.
Nelson Lane Peterson was an American football running back in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins and the Cleveland Rams.
Ellena played offensive tackle for coach Red Sanders at UCLA from 1952 to 1954.
He played college football for Whitman College in 1893 and for the University of Michigan from 1893 to 1896.
On March 9, 2017, Foster was released by the Danger.
He is a member of the Canadian Football Hall of Fame, the B.C.
He was signed by the Chicago Bears as an undrafted free agent in 1997.
Dwayne Crutchfield is a former professional American football player who played running back for the New York Jets, Houston Oilers, and Los Angeles Rams.
Stephen Todd Franz was a safety in the National Football League.
He was drafted by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the 4th round of the 2006 NFL Draft.
In August 1938, the Redskins played and lost to a college all-star team at the Cotton Bowl in Dallas.
He played in the East-West Bowl in 2009.
Danny Banda is a retired Canadian football player who played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
Oliver married Elizabeth Ann "Betty" Trentham on June 4, 1954; settled in Texas, they have two grown children and one deceased.
Robert Lee Smith is a former American football safety National Football League.
In 1995, he rushed for over 1,000 yards and was 3rd best rusher in the league.
James Joseph Sweeney is a former American football center and guard who played 16 seasons in the National Football League.
He was transferred by his employer to Hamilton in 1939, where he joined his father's team, the Hamilton Tigers, and was once again an all-star selection.
He also played High School football at Wellington C. Mepham High School.
He played his college football at the Carlisle Indian School.
Hester had led the Raiders to the playoffs for three consecutive years and appearances in two consecutive state championship games, which they lost.
William Walter "Pudge" Heffelfinger was an American football player and coach.
Tyronne Kevin Stowe is a former American football linebacker that played for ten seasons in the National Football League.
He previously played college football at Lenoir–Rhyne University.
Jason Pottinger is an entrepreneur who specializes in commercializing cutting-edge technologies.
However, after the season Streigel, who probably still had majority ownership, sold the team to a New England-based partnership that included Maroons' standout George Kenneally.
Chris "Canuck Truck" Szarka is a former Canadian Football League fullback.
As an athlete Reeve was noted for determination and inspiring team-mates.
He won the Grey Cup with the Argonauts in 1950.
He was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Seattle Seahawks in 2014.
He led the Buffaloes to road wins over LSU and Ohio State in 1971 and a home win against Oklahoma in 1972.
He was originally signed by the Browns as an undrafted free agent in 2008, but was cut from the roster on May 6.
Bock was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1970 and retired as the CEO of Monsanto in 1972.
Hardiman Cureton, LB 1960 - 1964 Hamilton Tiger-Cats
In 2012, he was inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame.
After his CFL career, Dempsey also had a brief career in the World Football League with the Memphis Southmen and Philadelphia Bell.
Fortunato played fullback and linebacker for Mississippi State University, and made All-American in 1951.
Grgich became the head football coach at Oakdale High School, in Oakdale, California in 1957 and 1958.
Paul Swiston is a professional Canadian football offensive lineman who is currently a free agent.
He played college football at the College of William & Mary.
He played college football at the University of Kansas and attended William Fremd High School in Palatine, Illinois.
At the 2008 Canadian Junior Curling Championships, his Quebec team went 10-2 in the round robin, and beat Ontario's Travis Fanset in the final.
Robert Joseph Carpenter, Jr. is a former American football running back.
In 2003, he died of cancer at Foothills Hospital in Calgary.
Rudy was added to the Wall of Fame at McMahon Stadium on September 14, 2012.
Dudley was also selected in the 29th round of the 1962 AFL Draft by the San Diego Chargers.
He was inducted into the Oregon Sports Hall of Fame in 2008.
He played college football at Georgia Tech.
After his CFL career, he became owner of a car dealership in St Catharines, Ontario.
He began his professional coaching career in 1991 with the British Columbia Lions as a Special Teams and Receivers coach under Bob O'Billovich.
He most recently played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League.
Alexander Mathias "Babe" Weyand was an American football player, Olympian, Army officer and sports historian.
Arthur W. Renner was an American football player.
Timothy Morrison is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.
He intercepted Dan Marino twice in their 27-24 loss to the Dolphins @ Foxboro Stadium on 09-09-90.
However that school was not open until 1960 well after Glamp's high school time.
He completed 30 of 79 passes for 546 yards.
In 1980, Prather was working as a geologist and served as vice-president of Columbia Gas Development of Canada, Ltd., residing in Edmonton.
Peter Jonathan Manning was an American and Canadian football player who played for the Chicago Bears, Calgary Stampeders and Toronto Argonauts.
Allen spent most of his career as a backup safety with brief stints as a starter with the Blue Bombers and Rough Riders.
He played collegiately at the University of California, Davis.
Vogler suffered a knee injury that forced him to miss the Bills' run to the 1989 AFC Championship.
He was survived by his wife of 45 years Kay Morgan Marshall, his four daughters and many grandchildren.
Like his brothers, Chris’s talent was not limited to the football field.
That night when the Washington Redskins were born."
He was drafted by the Los Angeles Rams of the National Football League with the eleventh overall pick of the 1956 NFL Draft.
In an 11-year professional career from 1974–1984, he caught 649 passes for 10,837 yards and 88 touchdowns.
Shane Horton is an American football linebacker who is currently a free agent.
Jan Carinci is a former slotback who played ten seasons in the Canadian Football League, mainly for the Toronto Argonauts.
He played in the 1981 Super Bowl, which the Bengals lost to the San Francisco 49ers, 26-21.
He played football at the University of Notre Dame.
Tampa Bay's team performance declined during Farrell's years with the team.
He was signed by the Carolina Panthers as an undrafted free agent in 2007.
In 2 seasons with the Green Riders he had an 11-22-1 record,
Stith signed as a free agent with the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League in May 2008.
He was drafted in the fifth round of the 1997 CFL Draft by the Roughriders.
He was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in 1999.
Cvetkovic announced his retirement on February 10, 2014.
Connaughton died in 1969 ate age 64 in Braham, Minnesota.
Otis Sistrunk is a former professional football player who played seven seasons as a defensive lineman, from 1972 to 1978.
He played CIS football at Laval University.
He played college football at the University of Washington.
He most recently played for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League.
Kenneth Eugene Jones is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Buffalo Bills and the New York Jets.
The injury prevented Stevenson from taking part in Canton's two game series, against the rival Massillon Tigers, that would result in a scandal.
John Lake was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Lions Wall of Fame, and has a street named in his honor, "Al Wilson Grove," in his hometown of Duncan.
He was a football analyst on the CFL on CTV broadcasts.
in exchange for Sebastian Clovis then traded on to Edmonton on March 20 in exchange for a higher draft pick.
Mickey Maguire is a former Grey Cup champion Canadian Football League player.
Angsman was selected to the first ever Pro Bowl 1951 Pro Bowl in 1950.
He has also been a member of the Dallas Cowboys and Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.
Mirro Roder is a former American football placekicker who played three seasons in the National Football League.
He was drafted by the Montreal Alouettes in the second round of the 2009 CFL Draft.
Some of them are really positive, when people come up and say, 'Hey, I used to be a season-ticket holder and sat behind the bench.
In 1994, he returned to the CFL with the Baltimore Stallions.
Young finished his college career ranking third on the Illini all-time list with 2,382 receiving yards and 15 touchdown receptions, and sixth with 147 receptions.
Stillwagon was one of the so-called Super Sophomores of 1968, guiding the Buckeyes to an undefeated season and a consensus national championship.
He was basketball coach at Bay City through 1953 and remained athletic director at the school thereafter.
He played for the Cardinals organization from 1985 to 1993, and for the Indianapolis Colts from 1994 to 1996.
The organization had never returned a kick for a touchdown in the franchise’s 30-year history before and during Williams’ playing days.
He played college football at the University of Pittsburgh and attended Cypress Bay High School in Weston, Florida.
McDonald served three terms from the 23rd to 25th Canadian Parliaments.
His teams compiled a 27–34–5 record in the 66 games he started.
Leo Sweeney is a Canadian football player who played for the BC Lions and Calgary Stampeders.
In April 2014 he was elected as Mayor of Jackson in a special election following the death in office of Chokwe Lumumba.
He won the Grey Cup with Hamilton in 1972.
Drewrey had a monster senior campaign, ranking 3rd in punt returns, 10th in punt return yardage, and 20th in all-purpose yards.
Stacy said, "They ran us to death.
He also spent the 1983 season with the Chicago Blitz and the Denver Gold of the United States Football League USFL.
Roy Shatzko was a Canadian Football League defensive tackle who played for the BC Lions and Edmonton Eskimos.
Wimberly died on September 18, 1976 in Oak Ridge, Louisiana from injuries he received in the crash of a private Piper aircraft.
Prior to that he played for the Milwaukee Chiefs of the third American Football League.
It was during this rookie season that sports broadcaster Howard Cosell gave him the nickname Touchdown Tony.
Horween also played four seasons in the NFL, as a fullback, halfback, and blocking back for the Racine Cardinals and the Chicago Cardinals.
Ellsworth joined the Giants as an undrafted free agent in 1996 after playing college football at the University of Virginia.
Fielding H. Yost called him the "greatest lineman of the year."
He played running back for five seasons for the Green Bay Packers.
More recently, Waszczuk was selected to the all-time Hamilton Tiger Cat "Dream Team".
John Edward Koniszewski was an American football offensive tackle in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.
He won three Grey Cups for the Alouettes and was a four-time CFL All-Star.
He played college football for the Murray State Racers.
Solomon Elimimian is a Canadian football linebacker for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League.
He served as head football coach from 1961 to 1972 and again from 1994 to 1996.
Although he weighed only 145 pounds he used his incredible quickness to evade defenders.
James Zachery was an American football defensive lineman who played eight seasons in the Canadian Football League with the Montreal Alouettes, Montreal Concordes and Edmonton Eskimos.
Clendon Thomas is a former American football halfback and Defensive back who played eleven seasons in the National Football League.
He most recently played for the Canadian Football League's BC Lions.
Gavric died March 13, 2010 of complications from Parkinson's disease.
Half jokingly, Charles wife, Violet, asked Jones, "Why don't you sell the Cardinals to Charley?"
Kuzma attended the school of business administration at Michigan and was a member of Phi Gamma Delta.
Croftcheck was also selected in the seventeenth round of the 1965 AFL Draft by the Kansas City Chiefs.
Schorp caught four passes for 68 yards against the Cardinal and was named the Most Valuable Player of the Disneyland Pigskin Classic.
Ronald Adolphis Johnson is a former American football running back.
Buhler ended his working career as the manager of the municipal liquor store in Windom, Minnesota.
He signed as an undrafted free agent with the Dallas Cowboys in April 2005.
During his sophomore season of 1964, he beat out fullback Junior Coffey for the starting position.
Charles Toros Avedisian was an American football player in the National Football League and a public school administrator of athletic programs.
For other people with this name, see Patrick Heenan
He won the Grey Cup with Hamilton in 1972.
He was the co-captain of Mount Carmel's 1954 football team that won the Chicago Catholic League championship and then lost in the city championship game.
He was in the Pro Bowl twice.
He played eleven seasons for the AAFC's New York Yankees and AAFC and NFL's San Francisco 49ers.
He played college football at Stanford, where he was an All-American.
The main character is Jumbo Jr., a semi-anthropomorphic elephant who is cruelly nicknamed "Dumbo".
Bailey is perhaps best remembered for scoring the first touchdown in the history of the B.C.
Andrew Shull is a former professional American football defensive end in the National Football League.
Ellison Kelly is survived by five children, Claudette, Jude, Claire, Karen and Jerald
He attended Centennial High School in Compton, California.
He also played in the United States Football League for the Oakland Invaders and Memphis Showboats.
He played CIS football for the Western Ontario Mustangs.
He attended Kings Mountain High School before transferring to AL Brown for his senior season.
He was a consensus first-team selection on the 1920 College Football All-America Team.
Ron Estay is a former defensive lineman for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.
Anthony Joseph "Tony" Zuzzio was a professional football player for the Detroit Lions during the 1942 NFL season.
In 2016, he will be inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame.
Robert Archbald Watkins Jr. is a former American football running back who played collegiately for the Ohio State Buckeyes and later in the National Football League.
He played college football for the Montreal Carabins.
During his professional playing career he was involved in almost every major event in professional football between 1902 and 1907.
Bertrand L. Gulick, Jr. was an American football player and businessman.
He won the CFL's Most Outstanding Defensive Player Award in 1993 and was a CFL All-Star four times.
Williams was the first African-American football player at Ole Miss.
Erhard Turek was a Canadian football player for the Edmonton Eskimos and Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
He played college football at Tennessee State University in Nashville, Tennessee.
Jon Hameister-Ries is a former professional Canadian football offensive lineman who played for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League.
While playing football at Michigan, Everhardus was a teammate and fraternity brother of future U.S. President Gerald Ford.
He played with the New York Giants of the National Football League for seven seasons.
He signed with the Montreal Alouettes for 12 games in 1948.
Mel Anthony is a former American football running back.
Christopher Johnson is a Canadian football linebacker who is currently a free agent.
Warren Jones is a former quarterback in the CFL, where he played from 1989 to 1996 for two different teams.
He is currently a linebackers coach for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.
Stefan Wayne LeFors is a former quarterback in American and Canadian football who is currently a high school coach.
After briefly joining the Detroit Lions in December 2006, Yovanovits signed with the New Orleans Saints on February 16, 2007.
In addition to his 18 career interceptions, George also recovered 19 fumbles, and in 1954 scored 25 points on 13 PATs and four field goals.
He is currently a commercial and personal injury defense lawyer in Spokane.
He later played with the Los Angeles Bulldogs, Hollywood Braves and Hollywood Stars in Pacific Coast football competition.
During the 1948-1949 and 1949-1950 school years, Agase was a teacher at Paxton High School in Paxton, Illinois.
His son, John F. Kowalik, Jr., played college football as a halfback for the University of Michigan from 1960 to 1962.
Harvard, trailing 29–13 with 42 seconds remaining, rallied to tie the game, while Dowling stood helplessly on the sideline.
Henry Armand Burris Jr. is an American retired professional football quarterback, who mostly played Canadian football in the Canadian Football League from 1998 through 2016.
He played in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins in 1989 NFL season and the San Diego Chargers in the 1990 season.
Mann was asked to take a pay cut after the 1949 season and became a "holdout" when the Lions opened practice in July 1950.
T. J. Williams is an American football tight end.
He is survived by Florence "Skip" Pate, his wife of 71 years.
He also played for the Kitchener-Waterloo Dutchmen.
In 2011, he won a Grey Cup with the BC Lions.
A native Montrealer, Nower first won the Grey Cup with the champion St. Hyacinthe-Donnacona Navy team.
The Blue Bombers offered Freeman the opportunity to quarterback the team for the 1955 season under the terms of the original contract.
Frank Gerald Mestnik is a former American football fullback in the National Football League for the St. Louis Cardinals and the Green Bay Packers.
He attended UCLA, where he was a two-year starter as the teams fullback blocking for Deshaun Foster.
The final touchdown, a run up the middle like the first against Eagle coach Greasy Neale's famed 5-2-4 defense, put the game out of reach.
In Jacksonville, he played in six games, catching 15 passes for 203 yards and two touchdowns.
Alex Gauthier is a Canadian football offensive lineman who is currently retired.
He was drafted in the 1986 NFL Draft out of West Virginia.
Thomas has played professionally in Europe since the 2009 season.
Cutolo played his college football at Eastern Illinois University from 1998 to 2001.
Korchak was elected to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers Hall of Fame in 1996.
He played as a tailback until 2014, when he became the starting fullback for the Eskimos.
In 1970, he was both a player and one of the defensive backfield coaches for the Alouettes.
Ronnie Harris is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for seven seasons for the New England Patriots, Seattle Seahawks, and Atlanta Falcons.
Franklin David Turville was an award-winning and all-star Canadian football player, playing from 1928 to 1936.
He later worked in the aerospace industry following his sports career and lives in Los Angeles.
In 1981, Stief mostly played special teams but recorded 5 catches for 77 yards and one touchdown.
Hall was also a member of the Kentucky Horsemen and Calgary Stampeders.
He died in 2000 of esophageal cancer in Corbett, Oregon.
He won the Grey Cup with them in 1953.
Lee Calland was a football player, a defensive back for ten seasons in the NFL.
Eddie Lowe is currently mayor of Phenix City, Alabama.
He was forced to retire due to injuries sustained in a car accident.
He became their backup running back when Alexis Bwenge became a fullback.
Desjardins' jersey #63 is one of seven retired by the Alouettes.
His career total of 130.5 sacks is fifth best in CFL history.
Campora served as a line coach at Stockton College—now known as a San Joaquin Delta College from 1955 to 1957.
After the USFL folded, he was selected in the first round of the 1984 NFL Supplemental draft by the Washington Redskins.
Sebastian James Clovis is a Canadian home renovation guru, television personality, DIYer and former CFL player.
Robert Dale Fenimore known as the Blonde Bomber or Blonde Blizard was a halfback for the Oklahoma A&M football team from 1943 to 1946.
John Raymond Strzykalski was an American football running back for the San Francisco 49ers of the NFL.
Darren Comeaux is a former professional American football linebacker for the Denver Broncos, San Francisco 49ers and Seattle Seahawks of the NFL.
He is an alumnus of Norfolk State University, where he played college football.
However, the Flyers lost to the Evansville Crimson Giants and the Cincinnati Celts to open the season.
His jersey #44 was retired by the team, making him one of only eight players so honoured.
William Wilford "Bill" Renner was an American football player.
He was posthumously inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2002.
In 1960, the AFL's inaugural season, Glenn joined the AFL New York Titans as an offensive guard.
Calvin Armstrong is a formerAmerican football offensive lineman.
He is in a sense an obscure folk hero in Chargers lore.
He was drafted in the 1949 NFL draft by the Detroit Lions in Round 3, #22 overall.
Currently he is a scout for the Montreal Alouettes.
He played college football for the San Jose State Spartans.
After his playing career ended, Jacobs served for eight seasons as the head coach of Westminster Parsons football from 1971 to 1978.
Anderson also caught 48 passes for 433 yards and nine touchdowns.
Derek Wiggan is a Canadian football defensive lineman for the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League.
He graduated from the school in 1904.
In 2007, Battle was inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame.
William Cary Cox, sometimes listed as William Carey Cox, was an American football player.
Bright and wife, Tammy, currently reside in Volusia County, Florida.
In the 1958 NFL Draft, Thomas was selected by the Los Angeles Rams in the second round.
Lou Bruce is a retired professional Canadian football end who played for the Ottawa Rough Riders for five seasons.
He was selected by the Steelers in the second round of the 1976 NFL Draft and started for them during their Super Bowl XIII victory.
McDowell played college football at the University of Miami.
A native of Brooklyn, Schlachter attended Syracuse University where he played at the guard position for the Syracuse Orange football team from 1915 to 1916.
He was drafted in the first round of the 1996 NFL Draft by the Detroit Lions.
Fairholm starred for the Roughriders from 1988 to 1993.
He was traded to the Chicago Bears before the 1978 season.
Tim Cowan is a former American football quarterback who played two seasons in the Canadian Football League with the BC Lions and Toronto Argonauts.
Ealthon Perry Smith is a former American football defensive back who played nine seasons in the National Football League.
He started the 2015 season with the Ottawa Redblacks before he was released on August 28, 2015.
Shannon Boatman is a former Canadian football offensive tackle.
His brother is the great Makai Freitas.
He played defensive tackle at University of Wichita, and then for eleven seasons in the NFL.
He finished his NFL career with the Detroit Lions as part of their vaunted defensive line in the early 1980s.
In his later years, he worked for the Aluminum Company of America and operated a filling station north of Columbia, Missouri.
"Cap" Ryan was an early professional football player for the Latrobe Athletic Association from 1895 until 1906.
He was a part of five Grey Cup championship teams with the Eskimos.
These plays became popular in the college game of that day.
He played his high school football in the late 1950s at Calhoun High School in Calhoun, Georgia, where he grew up.
After he retired, Wittum taught driver's education classes at Grayslake Central High School in Grayslake, Illinois.
Garner Ekstran was a professional Canadian football defensive end and linebacker who played seven seasons for the Saskatchewan Roughriders and one more with the BC Lions.
Peter George Kmetovic was an American football player.
He was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in 2005.
Gordy served as president and executive director of the professional football players union, the National Football League Players Association.
He played college football at the University of Tennessee.
He was a member of the Los Angeles Dons and Baltimore Colts of the All-America Football Conference.
For the action, he was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross.
He was signed by the Jacksonville Jaguars as an undrafted free agent in 2009.
He attended and played college football at the University of Minnesota.
Wolfley played collegiately for the West Virginia Mountaineers.
He attended El Capitan High School in Lakeside, California.
He was a member of the Boston Yanks during the 1944 NFL season.
After his playing career, Coleman settled in Vancouver and ran a home renovation business for 20 years.
Chet Moeller is a retired American football player who played for the Navy Midshipmen as a defensive back.
He is a four-time CFL West Division All-Star, and three-time Eskimos nominee for Most Outstanding Canadian.
Currently Troy manages an amazing group of teammates at Under Armour.
Robert Jurasin is a former defensive lineman for the Saskatchewan Roughriders from 1986–1997 and the Toronto Argonauts in 1998.
As a true freshman, he walked on the football team at BSU under head coach Jim Criner, then in the Big Sky Conference.
In his playoff career, Nicolson averaged 69 receiving yards per game.
After two seasons in San Francisco, Lyles returned to the Colts where he remained until the end of his career in 1969.
Jacobs self-published his memoir, Autobiography of an Unknown Football Player, in 2014.
He played for the Cleveland Tigers, Akron Pros, Dayton Triangles, Oorang Indians, Buffalo Bisons, Brooklyn Dodgers and the Cleveland Indians.
Gar Baxter was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Mack C. Alston Jr. was a professional American football player.
Kelly was voted one of the CFL's top 50 players in a poll conducted by Canadian sports network TSN.
He played college football at Indiana University and was team captain All Big 10 Honorable Mention.
He moved to California where he later died.
His best year was 1970, when he was an all-star and winner of the DeMarco-Becket Memorial Trophy as best lineman in the Western Division.
Joe Yamauchi is a retired Canadian football player who played for the Edmonton Eskimos, Calgary Stampeders and BC Lions.
Samuel Tranks is a professional Canadian football wide receiver who is currently a free agent.
He was selected by the Saskatchewan Roughriders in the fourth found of the 1993 CFL Draft.
Harmon was inducted into the Cornell University Athletic Hall of Fame in 1989.
He played college football at the University of California, Los Angeles, leading the led the national championship 1954 UCLA Bruins football team in total offense.
His father was Red Storey, famed Canadian football player and sportsman.
He played wide receiver the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.
In 1993, Rivers was named the Denver Broncos' special teams Player of the Year.
Following retirement in 1993, Peterson began a career in law, and is currently a partner at law firm Gowlings, specialising in business law.
He then played 3 seasons with the Kansas City Chiefs, as a running back and kick returner, rushing for 486 total yards.
He worked as the Offensive Coordinator at New Mexico Highlands University in 2012 and 2014.
A native of Phillipsburg, New Jersey, he was recruited to Lafayette College, where he played on their football team for four years.
He played college football at Vanderbilt University and attended Phoenixville Area High School in Phoenixville, Pennsylvania.
He won the Grey Cup with the champion St. Hyacinthe-Donnacona Navy team in 1944.
After high school Anthony decided to go to a Prep School instead of CEGEP.
He won the Grey Cup with Hamilton in 1972.
His best season was in 1993, when he intercepted 7 passes and returned them for 104 yards.
He had at least one reception in each of the last 32 games of his FSU career.
He played college football for the Maryland Terrapins at the University of Maryland.
He played college football at Texas Tech.
He played college football at Georgia Tech.
At Yale, Knox played at the halfback position for Yale's football teams in 1905 and 1906.
Thomas Joseph John Higgins, Jr. is a former head coach in the Canadian Football League.
Ronald "Ron" Lancaster was an American-Canadian professional football player and coach in the Canadian Football League.
Headley was also a member of the Hartford Knights of the Atlantic Coast Football League.
He won the Grey Cup with them in 1971.
He was later selected to the 2000 Pro Bowl.
Ed Kissell is a former professional American football player who played defensive back for four seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers
In 1988 Sewell had his first son and In 1999 Sewell had fraternal twins.
Bimper is a former American football center for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League and holds a B.S.
Following his NFL stint, Rhymes went to Canada and played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League.
He played college football for the Western Illinois Leathernecks.
Campora was a native of Stockton, where he attended high school.
He died of pancreatic cancer in 2004.
Derby is also the brother of former NFL player Glenn Derby.
He played college football at the University of Nevada-Las Vegas.
Lucas was widely regarded as the Saskatchewan player at the centre of the infamous 13th Man incident that cost the club the championship in 2009.
The Colts used the gift pick to select Michigan State All-American Bubba Smith, who was a teammate of Newsome's in 1970 and 1971.
Conner played basketball for the University of the Pacific.
Offered a full football scholarship to the University of Missouri, in Columbia, Missouri, he played on the Tigers freshman team in 1973.
Zanders was inducted into the Jackson State University Sports Hall of Fame in 2004.
The Giants trailed 17-0 at halftime, but scored three touchdowns in the third quarter to win the game.
This led to Jon Cornish being selected the 2012 Most Outstanding Canadian as well as being the runner up for the Most Outstanding Player award.
Johnson was elected to College Football Hall of Fame in May 2007.
Cary Koch is an American professional football wide receiver, who is currentry a free agent.
As a member of the Bengals, he played in Super Bowl XXIII in 1989 in which Cincinnati lost to the San Francisco 49ers 20-16.
The two-time CFL All-Star played from 1964 to 1975 for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
Don Westbrook is a former wide receiver for the New England Patriots of the National Football League.
He was named CFL All-Star two times, in 1976 and 1977, and both times he won the Eddie James Memorial Trophy.
Sendlein was drafted in the second round by the Minnesota Vikings out of the University of Texas at Austin in the 1981 NFL Draft.
Breidster was raised in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and graduated from East Division High School.
James Preston Weatherall was an American football defensive tackle in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles, Washington Redskins, and the Detroit Lions.
Romel Andrews is a former American football defensive end who played eight seasons in the Canadian Football League with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Three players from the 1918 Lansing team, Harry Kipke, Ed Vandervoort, and Johns went on to play for Fielding H. Yost's Michigan Wolverines football teams.
Jay Mayo "Ink" Williams was a pioneering African-American producer of recorded blues music.
He had 20 total touchdowns in his professional career: 11 rushing and nine receiving.
Ibeh was born in Newark, New Jersey.
He won the Grey Cup with Montreal in 1970.
Fred was enshrined in the Batesville, Arkansas Area Sports Hall of Fame in 1992.
Bob Brady is a former Canadian football player who played for the BC Lions and Toronto Argonauts.
Tony Rio was an American football player.
In 1960, Branch joined the Saskatchewan Roughriders and played four seasons with them.
He joined the Ottawa Rough Riders in the 1981 CFL season as a centre and played all five years of his professional career for the Riders.
The Stampeders selected Allen in the second round of the 2010 CFL Draft.
He graduated from Illinois in 1922 receiving a BS in economics.
Earl Valiquette was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Wildcats, Edmonton Eskimos and Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
Mack was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the 10th round of the 1961 NFL Draft.
He played 7 seasons in professional football, from 1962–1968, his last five years with the AFL's Kansas City Chiefs.
Camarillo finished his career with 1,027 punts for 43,895 yards and 279 punts inside the 20.
He originally was selected in the fifth round of the 1974 NFL Draft by the Cincinnati Bengals after attending the University of Tennessee.
He played college football for the Houston Cougars.
Jeffrey Allan Chadwick, is a former professional American football player.
He was a consensus All-American in 1926.
Smale's best year as a receiver was by far 1959.
He later became a doctor after being involved in boxing, World War II, and college coaching.
Tompkins's agent Alex Balic attempted to persuade the Eskimos to release Tompkins but they refused.
Cherry's estimated release date is January 9, 2020.
However, Ball was forced to cancel the 1918 season due to World War I.
He played college football as a linebacker for the Ohio State Buckeyes.
Funeral services were held at St. Sava Serbian Orthodox Church in San Gabriel.
Mitchener resides in South Carolina and was one of the last surviving members of the 1948 Grey Cup championship team.
He was one of three 1964 San Francisco 49ers teammates who died of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, also known as Lou Gehrig's Disease.
Anthony Reddick is a defensive back who is currently a free-agent.
Hanson was signed by the Blue Bombers for $125 a game and free room and board, which was a considerable sum in the cash-strapped dirty thirties.
Visco Grgich was a professional American football lineman who played in the All-America Football Conference and the National Football League.
Riddick's oldest son Ian Riddick, is a former high school standout at West Seneca West HS and a former defensive back at the University of Pittsburgh.
He played collegiately for the Georgia Tech football team.
Duden died at his home on March 31, 2013, at the age of 88.
He is credited with "opening doors" for future black quarterbacks at Texas, such as James Brown and Vince Young.
He played for three seasons for the Saskatchewan Roughriders before playing for five seasons for the BC Lions of the CFL.
He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1979 after a solid college career at the University of Pennsylvania.
Tony played linebacker for Walt Whitman High School's varsity football team until graduation in 2011.
He later established the Grayson Hajash Athletic Award.
Goodwin played his college football at Iowa State and played professionally for 2 years with the Baltimore Stallions.
He died in 1957 of a heart attack.
Robert David Green is a former American football running back in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins, the Minnesota Vikings, and the Chicago Bears.
Paddison Wade "Pat" Preston was a professional American football player who played offensive lineman for four seasons for the Chicago Bears.
Christian Peter is a former American football defensive tackle in the National Football League.
He played college football at the University of Alberta in Edmonton.
He was a two-time letterman in 1936 and 1937.
Hack is currently the athletic director for Orchard Park High School located in Western New York.
He also played college football for the Idaho Vandals.
He later went on to be the general manager of Bethlehem Steel's Bethlehem Plant.
Hall has also been a member of the New York Jets, New York/New Jersey Hitmen and Calgary Stampeders.
Reiner Construction Company in Santa Maria, California.
He attended Cardinal Gibbons HS in Fort Lauderdale, where he primarily played as a running back.
During Mr. Agase’s tenure as an assistant, MSU's football team won the Rose Bowl in 1956.
Clinton Edward "Clint" Haslerig is a former American football player.
Askson played professional football from 1971 to 1977, most notably with the Green Bay Packers from 1975 to 1977, playing in 42 games over 3 seasons.
He played college football with the Texas A&M–Commerce Lions.
Christopher Jude Sedoris is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.
He became the president of Harcourt, Brace & Company in 1948 and held that position until his retirement in 1954.
He played college football at Baylor University.
He was chosen by the Detroit Lions in the 24th round of the 1958 NFL Draft, and appeared in 36 career games with them.
Tony Hungle was a Canadian football player who played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
He played CIS football at the University of Western Ontario and attended Waterford District High School in Waterford, Ontario.
He won the Grey Cup with Ottawa in 1960.
Jung-Yul Kim is a former Canadian football offensive tackle who played six seasons in the Canadian Football League with the Calgary Stampeders and Toronto Argonauts.
Bryce Alexander Fisher is a former American football defensive lineman.
Ray Malavasi was a football coach who served as head coach of two National Football League teams: the Denver Broncos and the Los Angeles Rams.
He played college football with the Southern Illinois Salukis, where he finished the 2007 season third in voting for the Walter Payton Award.
Jon Cornish is a former Canadian football running back who played nine seasons with the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League.
Gordon Watkins was a professional American football player who played offensive lineman for two seasons for the Minneapolis Red Jackets, Frankford Yellow Jackets, and Brooklyn Dodgers.
In 2003 Reinebold served as the Tight Ends Coach and Special Teams Coordinator at Louisiana Tech University.
Wayne Dennis was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers and BC Lions.
While Walker was a playing for the East Carolina Pirates, he was the university’s Most Valuable Defensive Player in 1985.
He currently lives in Sarasota, Florida and is retired from the National Football League.
Abramson played his college football at the University of Minnesota and played nine professional games with the Green Bay Packers in 1925.
Parratt threw the first legal forward pass in professional football history while playing for the Massillon Tigers on October 25, 1906.
Rowe attended Mira Mesa High School, where he played football and basketball for the Marauders.
Jackie Mitchell is a former American and Canadian football linebacker who played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League from 2000 to 2006.
He was born in Los Angeles and died in Mount Holly Township, New Jersey.
He played college football for the Alberta Golden Bears before transferring to Simon Fraser University.
However, after healing from his injury Michael Richardson came back to finish the season.
His show "Runt of the Litter" is now being performed in multiple cities.
On October 10, 1993, he set the Browns franchise record for the longest interception return.
Alexander Gregorieff Ketzko was an American football player.
In 1950, he finished with 11 INT and followed that up with 11 INT again in 1951.
During World War I, he fought in France while serving in the United States Army.
After receiving his military draft notice, Long enlisted in the Marines and trained as a rifleman.
Vernon Austin Graham was an award winning and all-star Canadian football player with the Calgary Stampeders.
He played college football at Grambling State University and was drafted in the 1959 NFL draft by Cleveland.
He was inducted in the Golden Hawks Hall of Fame in 1993.
He was the most successful "race records" producer of his time, breaking all previous records for sales in this genre.
He played college football at the University of Alabama.
He attended State College Area High School and was a Parade All-American selection there in 1999.
Samuel Terrill "Sam" Brandon is a former American football safety.
Jeff also coached with NFL Hall of Fame Coach George Allen at Long Beach State for the 1990 season.
He played for the Detroit Lions and the Atlanta Falcons.
Lavelli grew up in Hudson, Ohio and played football, baseball and basketball at his local high school.
He ran as a Progressive Conservative in the 2000 election in the riding of Calgary West and was defeated.
Clarence William Hockenberger was an American football player.
John F. McBride was an American football player who played the positions of halfback, fullback, and quarterback in the National Football League.
He played for several intermediate teams before playing for the Hamilton Alerts for two years where he won a Grey Cup championship in 1912.
Errol Joseph Linden is a former American football offensive tackle.
He retired after the first game of the 1972 season.
Anderson was inducted onto the Commonwealth Stadium Wall of Honour in October 1985, the 8th former player honored.
Over his 9-year career Dales played for the Calgary Stampeders, Edmonton Eskimos, and Montreal Alouettes.
Victor Stevenson is a former professional Canadian football offensive lineman who played 17 seasons in the Canadian Football League for five different teams.
He was succeeded by Dr. Daniel "Dan" Jones on June 15, 2009.
He is a part of the Calgary Stampeders 1971 Grey Cup winning team.
The Gary Lane Foundation, a youth program, has been established in his honor.
In Kaer's three years he had 36 touchdowns, a career record for the school, tied by Simpson in 1967 and 1968.
He played 78 games for the Lions.
Valli attended Simon Fraser University and played for their football team, the Simon Fraser Clan.
William McCormick was a Canadian football player who played for the Toronto Argonauts.
Joseph Robert Soboleski, Jr. was an American football guard.
Simeon Rottier is a professional Canadian football offensive lineman for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.
He became a vice president at Home Savings & Loan in Youngstown.
With the Argonauts, Schriewer was named CFL All-Star in 1957.
Edwin Raymond Bailey was a guard in the National Football League.
Benecick retired as a member of the Edmonton Eskimos in 1969.
Bill Sowalski was a Canadian football player who played for the Ottawa Rough Riders.
He played college football for the Saint Mary's Huskies in 2005 before transferring to the University of Calgary to play for the Dinos from 2007-2009.
He joined the BC Lions in 1958 and played 4 years with them.
His son, Brandon Moore, later played offensive tackle for the New England Patriots from 1993 through 1995.
Steve Myddelton is a retired professional Canadian football offensive lineman.
He was also a member of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
He finished his football career back in the CFL with the Ottawa Rough Riders, playing 5 games and intercepting 2 passes for 21 yards.
He played in the 1952 and 1953 Pro Bowls and was selected as a second-team All-Pro player in 1952 and 1953.
During his career he established many football records that lasted for over a generation and became an All-American.
Peterson played defensive back for the Calgary Stampeders from 1984 to 1992.
Matt Kirk is a Canadian football defensive tackle who is currently a free agent.
He played in 11 games for the Steelers, gaining 240 all-purpose yards and scoring one touchdown.
Rodney Dwayne Culver was an American football running back who played in the National Football League for four seasons.
After playing college football at Whitworth College, Sugarman spent his entire 9-year CFL career as an offensive lineman for the Lions.
During his career, Jones played in 129 games and recorded 52.5 official quarterback sacks.
He played CIS football for Laval Rouge et Or.
Carl Demetris Powell is a retired American football defensive tackle.
Easterling died on April 19, 2012, at the age of 62.
He later practiced medicine in Fort Worth as an orthopedic surgeon.
He later married Mary Jane Haskin Fenton in 1965; that marriage would last only 63 days.
LaDouphyous McCalla is a former American football defensive back who played six seasons with the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League.
He was undrafted during the 2001 NFL Draft, but was signed as a free agent by the Redskins.
[2] Jurasin was inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 2006.
Paul Tangora was an American football player for the Northwestern Wildcats from 1933 to 1935.
Workman played eight seasons in the NFL from 1989 to 1996 for the Packers, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, the Carolina Panthers and the Indianapolis Colts.
He was the first African-American varsity athlete in any sport at MAC.
Nardacci played one year of professional football for the Cleveland Bulldogs in the National Football League.
Thomas Leonard Shevlin was an All-American football end and coach at Yale University and a millionaire lumberman.
He started in Super Bowl XXXIII for the Atlanta Falcons.
He is a member of the Indiana Football Hall of Fame.
He was drafted as the eighth overall selection by the Calgary Stampeders in the first round of the 2009 CFL Draft.
Lunn was discovered by Saskatchewan Roughriders coach Frank Filchock in 1954 playing for the Hamilton Panthers of the ORFU Intermediate league.
Duval played college football for Auburn University, and was recognized as a consensus All-American.
In 1930, the Tornadoes moved to Newark from Orange, New Jersey.
He played college football at the University of Mississippi and was drafted in the 21st round of the 1950 NFL Draft.
Marquez Pope is a former professional American football player who was drafted by the San Diego Chargers in the 2nd round of the 1992 NFL Draft.
After graduating, Eliowitz went to Canada to play football.
Grube later played professional football for the Detroit Panthers in 1926.
He attended college at Virginia Tech and was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the eighth round of the 1990 NFL Draft.
He performed over 4,000 open-heart operations before retiring.
He played college football at the University of Kentucky.
Goods was born in Pattison, Mississippi, and played eleven seasons for two different teams.
Clifford Ellsworth "Biff" Hoffman was an American football player.
In his rookie season he averaged 23 yards on 12 punt returns, an NFL record.
In 2007, Walls played a substantial role in leading the Blue Bombers to the 95th Grey Cup, which they lost to the Saskatchewan Roughriders, 23-19.
Jerome Paul "Boomer" Groom was an American football player.
He was a National Football League halfback for the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1968 and from 1971 to 1980.
Nicholas Jon "Nick" Murphy was an American football punter with 4 years spent between the National Football League and NFL Europa.
× William Pierce Matthews is a former American football running back in the National Football League.
He was inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 2000.
He helped the Roughriders capture the Grey Cup twice, in 2007 and 2013.
Pat Curran is a retired American football tight end.
After retiring from professional football, he put his degree to work, teaching gym at Greenfield High School, in Greenfield, Massachusetts.
He started under Sid Gillman, whose ideas revolutionized the passing game in American football, and when Gillman left, Woody Hayes replaced him.
He remained there until 1996 when he became the sports director at WPRI in Providence, Rhode Island.
He was selected in the 11th round of the 1992 NFL Draft out of the University of Louisiana at Lafayette.
Harry Fouts Hazlett was a career officer in the U.S. Army.
He attended Central High School in Fort Wayne.
He played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League in 2015.
He remained with the Packers through the 1954 season.
Butch Pressley is a former Canadian football player who played for the Edmonton Eskimos and Toronto Argonauts.
In 1943, he joined the faculty of St. Paul's School in Concord, New Hampshire.
His pro career covered one year with Saskatchewan in the Canadian Football League; then four years with Detroit; and seven years with Cleveland.
Ed Buchanan was a Canadian football running back who played nine seasons in the Canadian Football League for three teams.
In college, Harkey was all-conference and all-American at College of Emporia as a fullback and averaged 8.2 yards per carry through all his college years.
After playing football at Kansas State University, Len Legault joined the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 1957 and played 9 years for them.
He died on July 31, 2011 aged 86 and donated his brain to the Krembil Neuroscience Centre Sports Concussion Project.
Frank Joseph Morze was a center in the National Football League for the San Francisco 49ers.
Doug played 2 seasons in Detroit .Doug Wyatt was inducted to the Tulsa HOF in 2006 for Football....He is still an avid Saints & Lions Fan.
Frank Williams Jr. was a gridiron football player who played for the BC Lions and Los Angeles Rams.
Williams was named consensus All-American twice at the University of Illinois, and is an inducted member of the College Football Hall of Fame.
Henry Waszczuk is a former all star offensive lineman in the Canadian Football League.
He was an All-American his senior year, and was drafted in the first round of the 1968 NFL Draft.
He started playing for them at 16 and was able to raise his academic standing to get into LSU.
He is currently the head football coach at Valley Christian High School in Chandler, Arizona.
He was released by the Texans after 24-6 loss in the 1952 season opener.
Dunn is a member of the Green Bay Packers Hall of Fame and the Wisconsin Athletic Hall of Fame.
He played college football at East Carolina University and attended Junius H. Rose High School in Greenville, North Carolina.
Billy Wilson was an American football wide receiver who played for the San Francisco 49ers from 1951 to 1960.
William Roy "Link" Lyman, also sometimes known as Roy Lyman, was an American football player and coach.
In 1922, he played tackle for the Michigan Wolverines football team.
Vogel protected Hall of Fame quarterback Johnny Unitas' blindside in Super Bowls III and V.
The 13-3 Broncos lost to Pittsburgh in the first round of the playoffs, but Watson had 11 receptions for a franchise record 177 yards.
Hoffman retired at age 30 and became the England High School football coach.
He played at the end position for Boston College from 1938 to 1940 and was selected as a consensus first-team All-American in 1940.
During his collegiate career, he was also selected Team Offensive MVP in both his junior year and senior year.
He played alongside Charlie "Choo-Choo" Justice in what became known as the Justice-Weiner era while leading UNC to three major bowls.
He played college football for the Michigan State Spartans.
He was a 2nd round draft pick of the NY Jets in 1993 and suffered a knee injury his rookie year.
Tepe moved with his family to Denver in 1967.
Willie Joseph Holman was an American football defensive end in the National Football League for the Chicago Bears and the Washington Redskins.
He was born on January 2, 1893 in Ames, Iowa and attended Davenport High School.
Michael Jon Widger was a linebacker for the Montreal Alouettes and Ottawa Rough Riders of the Canadian Football League from 1970-1978.
Perrett was the East Division nominee for the CFL's Most Outstanding Offensive Lineman Award in 2014, winning the Leo Dandurand Trophy.
Thomas was also the first Italian-American captain of the Waltham High School football team in Waltham, Massachusetts.
He also played RB in college and his first year with the Bears, LB until his last 2 years in the game, and OG also.
Morris' only game as head coach ended in an 18–17 loss to Toronto.
Elex Drummond Price is an American former defensive tackle who played eight seasons in the National Football League for the New Orleans Saints.
Walters played college football at Clemson University.
He died in 2016 at the age of 74.
Norm went to college at Notre Dame and played guard between 1929-1933.
John Nesser was a professional American football player in the "Ohio League" and the early National Football League for the Columbus Panhandles.
He played college football at Michigan State University and attended Willow Run High School in Ypsilanti, Michigan.
Andy showed extraordinary athletic abilities in high school.
Elton Taylor was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
He was part of the 74th Grey Cup championship-winning Hamilton Tiger-Cats in the 1986 CFL season.
John Hanley Cannady was an American football linebacker in the National Football League for the New York Giants.
He also played for the Baltimore Colts of the All-America Football Conference.
He played quarterback at the University of South Carolina and was drafted by the Miami Dolphins.
During his time with the Browns, he was allocated for development in NFL Europe.
He was drafted by the New York Jets in the fifth round of the 1969 NFL Draft but never played in the NFL.
His 97-yard run in a 1976 game against VPI is the record for the longest run ever by a Seminole.
He won the 1923 World Series with the New York Yankees and the 1927 NFL Championship with the New York Giants.
He played college football at the University of Tulsa and was drafted in the thirteenth round of the 1949 NFL Draft.
Vernon Pahl is a Canadian former professional football player.
The Oakland Raiders then signed McNeal in the 2006 off-season and remained with the Raiders through the entire regular season on the practice roster.
As a junior in 1958, Rio played in the Wolverines' first five games, including two games as the starting fullback.
He was acquitted of a third count, and served 15 months in jail.
Dunlap later settled in his hometown, Ottawa, Ontario, and practiced law with his firm Dunlap Dunlap & McInenly.
Howe was later ordained as a Presbyterian minister and taught at Eastern preparatory schools and at Dartmouth College.
Leonard Irving Cassidy was a Canadian football player who played for the Toronto Argonauts.
He called it correctly again at the Super Bowl itself, which the Raiders won.
His total yards are 11429: 1829 rushing yards, 2409 receiving yards, 1784 PR yards and 5407 KR yards.
He was selected in the 1986 NFL Draft by the San Francisco 49ers in the ninth round out of the University of Oregon.
John Fedosoff is a former award-winning and Grey Cup champion Canadian Football League player.
He played college football at Central Florida.
Evenson played college football at University of Oregon.
Herron, who also earned a law degree, served in the aviation service during World War I and was credited for bringing down two German planes.
Clark currently resides in Phoenix, Arizona, and owns a general contracting company and is heavily invested in the car washing business.
He played college football at Florida State University.
He played as a quarterback for Ole Miss in college, and was the head football coach at Northwest Mississippi Community College.
Jim "Long Gone" Thomas was a running back who played nine seasons in the Canadian Football League for the Edmonton Eskimos.
Billy Thompson, who was playing left corner for the Broncos, jumped in front of me and Boobie Clark and intercepted the pass.
He was an All-Star in 1976 and won the Eddie James Memorial Trophy that same season.
Gene Schroeder was an American football wide receiver in the National Football League who played six years for the Chicago Bears.
Martin played for Houston in 2003 and Minnesota in 2004 before his career ended.
He played college football for the Southern Illinois Salukis.
Rod Phillips was a professional American football player who played running back for four seasons for the Los Angeles Rams and St. Louis Cardinals.
He was selected to one Pro Bowl.
He sometimes played corner linebacker and safety due to injuries on defense.
Yankowski played college football at Kansas State University and Northeastern Oklahoma A&M College.
Earl Oliver Christy is a former professional American football player who played cornerback for three seasons for the New York Jets.
He died while playing golf in Winnipeg in 1986.
He played four seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Chicago Cardinals.
John Kenneth Small was an American football linebacker with the Atlanta Falcons and the Detroit Lions in the National Football League.
Angsman finished the game with 10 carries for 159 yards.
He was named to the Pro Bowl six times.
Herbert E. "Herb" Paterra is a former gridiron football player and coach.
He is a member of the Blue Bombers Hall of Fame as well as the Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame.
He played CIS football for the Laval Rouge et Or.
Anthony spent the first two seasons of his career playing with the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League.
John "Chip" Beake is an American football coach.
He was protected by the Toronto Argonauts in the CFL draft.
Baker's school record of seven field goals in one season stood until the 1960s.
In 1941 he returned to the Giants and worked as an assistant coach.
Vance Mueller is a retired American football running back.
John "Johnny" Wangler is a former American football quarterback.
Jack Grossman former professional Polish American football player who played wide receiver for four seasons for the Brooklyn Dodgers.
From 1909 to 1910, Capron played two years of professional baseball in the Northwestern League.
He won the Grey Cup with Calgary in 1971.
He was named a first team all-star as QB that season.
Anthony Alix is a professional Canadian football placekicker and punter who is currently a free agent.
He played college football at the University of Washington.
Byron Ledare"By" Bailey born to Rollin Edward and Cora Helen.
Black enrolled at Yale University and, while there, played on the Yale Bulldogs football team.
Richard Schnell is a former Canadian football player who played for the Montreal Alouettes and Saskatchewan Roughriders.
He was a two time Vanier Cup champion with Laval.
He played seven NFL seasons for the San Francisco 49ers, Dallas Cowboys, San Diego Chargers, Houston Oilers and Philadelphia Eagles.
Will Hunter is a former American football safety for the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League.
Frank Lee Frazier was an American football guard in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins in 1987.
He played college football at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign where he a consensus All-American in 1953.
Gerald Edwin James is a former professional Canadian football running back and professional ice hockey player.
Don't call me a boy on the field during a game because I said, 'You've never played football before."
Keith Frank Molesworth was an American football player and coach.
James Trickey was an American football player for the University of Iowa.
Reichow joined former teammate Norm Van Brocklin who became the Minnesota Vikings first head coach where he was key to quarterback Fran Tarkenton’s success in 1961.
He played college football at the halfback and quarterback positions for the University of Michigan from 1956 to 1958.
The couple planned to live in Washington, D.C.
Only 23 at the time, he never regained consciousness and died three days later.
Michael Lionel Howell was an American football defensive back who played with the National Football League's Cleveland Browns and the Miami Dolphins.
He was drafted by the Argonauts in the fourth round of the 2009 CFL Draft.
Born in Portland, Oregon, Morgan attended high school at Medford High School in Medford, Oregon and played college football for the University of Oregon.
Davis had seven interceptions in the 1959 season, which he returned for 119 yards, including a 57-yard return for a touchdown.
Donan missed only two minutes on defense that season, and was named Lineman-of- the-Year as well as New Jersey's outstanding athlete.
Don Loney was a professional Canadian football centre and football coach.
In 2007, Piercy was traded to the Tiger-Cats in exchange for Jason Maas.
By 1940, Phillips and his family had moved to Long Beach, California, where Phillips was employed as a public school teacher.
He later worked for the Chicago Board of Education for 10 years before coming returning to KSU in an administrative capacity in 1969.
He previously played college football at California State University, Northridge.
Rodrequis La'Vant Stephens is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League for the Seattle Seahawks and the Washington Redskins.
Robert Smith is a former Canadian football offensive lineman who won a Grey Cup championship with the British Columbia Lions in 1994.
Dinwiddie is considered, by some, to be the greatest quarterback in the history of Boise State football.
Stillwagon was honoured at the September 11, 2009 home game of the Toronto Argonauts as the newest addition to the team's list of All-Time Argos.
Joseph Alexander "Joe" Harris is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League for five different teams.
Martin Fabi is a former professional Canadian football player, from a family of Transylvanian Saxons.
1967 also saw Wydareny win his first of three West All-Star honours.
He played for the Toronto Argonauts, BC Lions, Edmonton Eskimos, and Saskatchewan Roughriders, winning the 1993 Grey Cup with the Eskimos.
Inducted in 1970 to the Pennsylvania Sports Hall of Fame.
He played CIS football for the Manitoba Bisons.
A native of Auburn, Maine, Philoon attended Bowdoin College, where he played college football and graduated in 1905.
Ralph "Moon" Baker was an American football halfback in college.
John Spencer Pingel was an American football halfback.
He played college football at The University of Mississippi.
In his early years, he was a witness in a federal trial involving illegal activities by a pair of sports agents.
Louis Joseph Kusserow was an American and Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
Dale Meinert is a former professional American football player.
He recently played for the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League.
Prior to his professional career, he played at the college level.
He played college football at Colgate University.
He played college football at Boston College.
In 1965 he rejoined the Roughriders as an assistant coach.
The couple had two children, Emily Ruth Beck Hendricks and husband, Troyce, of Minden, and Donald Robert Beck and wife, Sheree, of Cotton Valley.
Dan Grayson is a former American football linebacker who played one season with the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League.
Tony Tompkins is a former Canadian Football League wide receiver and special teams player.
He returned to action in 1913, playing for the Parkdale team that lost in the Grey Cup final.
He also played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Lane's son-in-law is former Major League Baseball catcher and current St. Louis Cardinals manager Mike Matheny.
He was the only AFL player to die from injuries sustained in a regular season football game.
Edward H. Hoerster was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Toronto Argonauts, and Saskatchewan Roughriders.
After his NFL career he headed to the Canadian Football League, where he played numerous seasons including with his hometown team the BC Lions.
Kenneth "Ken" Ploen [PLAYN], OM is a former star quarterback in American college football and for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League.
Floyd Harrawood is a former Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers and Calgary Stampeders.
Erik White is a former American football quarterback who played two seasons in the Canadian Football League with the Toronto Argonauts and BC Lions.
Eric H. Coyle is a former American football center in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.
Journeay played at the guard and center positions for Penn's football teams from 1912 to 1914.
Larry Leland Hendershot is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.
Ralph Pfeifer is a former Canadian football player who played for the Edmonton Eskimos.
The Grey Cup Most Valuable Player award was presented to Cleveland Vann, for his second half interception and his wide ranging play.
Previously, Walden had played 3 years in the Canadian Football League from 1961-1963.
Absher played for the New Orleans Saints when Tom Dempsey made his record breaking kick of 63 yards against the Detroit Lions on November 8, 1970.
Logan played in nine National Football League seasons from 1976 to 1984, primarily for the Cleveland Browns.
His case, Dryer v. NFL, fought for fair payment for the NFL's use of player identities, including in NFL Films.
He played college football at Louisiana State University.
He served as the head football coach at the University of California, Berkeley from 1997 to 2001.
He appeared in the 1985 team promotional video "Ram It", where he called himself the "Iceman" and stated that interceptions were his game.
He was an alumnus of Syracuse University and enlisted to fight World War I prior to his professional career, although he never made it overseas.
He was elected to the Pro Bowl after the 1981 season.
Bradley's father also played at Wake Forest and professionally for the Chicago Bears.
He played tackle at Springfield College from 1938 to 1940.
Francis Dale "Hap" Moran was a collegiate and professional American football player.
Maurice Lloyd is a professional Canadian football linebacker who is currently a free agent.
Foster played for the Tri-Cities Fever of the Indoor Football League in 2016.
As a Green Bay Packer he played in Super Bowl I, January 15, 1967,and made two tackles.
He most recently played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.
In 2012, Easterley was inducted into the Greater Syracuse Sports Hall of Fame.
He played college football at Troy State University and was drafted in the seventh round of the 2003 NFL Draft.
He also served as a punt and kick returner.
He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross.
Michael Anthony Stewart is a former American football safety who played seven seasons in the National Football League for the Los Angeles Rams.
Albert J. Merkovsky was a professional football player in the National Football League.
Devlin played college football at the University of Iowa and he is a cousin of former center Mike Devlin.
He played college football while attending Harvard College and was a consensus selection at the halfback position on the 1907 College Football All-America Team.
He was Toronto's nominee for Most Outstanding Canadian player in 1968 and 1969.
He was a defensive tackle who played for the Kansas City Chiefs and St. Louis Cardinals of the National Football League.
Vincent Marshall is a professional Canadian football wide receiver for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Joseph Ponsetto was an American football player who was the starting quarterback for the University of Michigan Wolverines football teams of 1944 and 1945.
He grew up in Roxbury, Massachusetts, attended Boston English High School, and played on the football team in his sophomore year with limited success.
He was drafted by the Alouettes in the fourth round of the 2008 CFL Draft.
Kelly became a player-coach and later a player/coach/owner with the Dodgers football club, the successor to the Dayton Triangles, a charter member of the NFL.
Fuller's son, Jeffrey Fuller, is currently playing for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.
Richard Earl Blackmore is a former American football defensive back in the National Football League.
Kuzma was inducted into the military in 1943 and subsequently drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the third round of the 1944 NFL draft.
Dr. Warren Eugene Amling was an American football and basketball player, playing for the Ohio State Buckeyes from 1944 to 1946.
His CFL career began in 1981 when he was drafted by the Montreal Alouettes.
Mallett was selected as an All-NAIA wide receiver during the 1979, 1980 and 1981 seasons.
He played nine seasons with the San Francisco 49ers and one with the St. Louis Cardinals.
Following his playing career, Brady became a high school football coach in Irvine, CA.
Additionally, Mersereau has four children and coaches football at Boca Raton Community High School in his spare time.
After being drafted, he spent the 1955 season with the Browns and 1956-'57 with the Steelers.
He signed with the Edmonton Eskimos, also as a free agent, on February 11, 2014.
Ransom played college football at Tennessee State University and attended North High School in Nashville, Tennessee.
In 1939, he played in the NFL for the Chicago Bears and the Brooklyn Dodgers.
I tried to block Boobie and landed on the ground.
He played college football at Vanderbilt University, as well as basketball and baseball.
Aside from his college career, Al continued to play for the Cadets.
He graduated from Woodrow Wilson High School in Dallas, Texas.
He signed with the St. Louis Cardinals and stayed with them through the 1988 season when they moved to Phoenix.
He made his first start in place of injured Rick Slager in 1976, achieving a 40-27 victory against Miami.
He was a part of a Grey Cup championship team with the Montreal Alouettes in 1974.
He is a former college football player and coach with extensive coaching and scouting experience in NFL Europe, the CFL and the United Football League.
He was also a member of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
In 1949 the Cowboys went 13–1, but lost the Grey Cup to the Montreal Alouettes.
While playing with the Bombers, Kennerd worked as an accounts manager for Wordsnorth Communications Services.
After his football career, he coached football from 1955 to 1985 at Earl Haig Collegiate.
He was known for his leadership ability and ability to play with pain, having endured a series of knee injuries during the course of his career.
Leonard Irwin Thompson is a former American football wide receiver in the National Football League who spent his entire NFL career with the Detroit Lions.
He joined the Royal Canadian Navy during the war, continuing to play football in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
He won the Grey Cup with Saskatchewan in 1966.
Fritsch played college football at St. Norbert College.
David Sills currently attends West Virginia University and Tate Martell has committed to Ohio State University.
He played college football at Texas Southern University.
He played college football at Ohio State University, where he was a starting center and an All-Big Ten and first-team All-American selection.
Drafted by the San Francisco 49ers in 1969, Chapple suffered a back injury and wasn't able to play for two years.
Glass lettered three years at Baylor University and was chosen as All-America guard in 1956.
It alleges he, and more than 400 others were illegally given narcotics to mask the pain so they could play in games.
The teams merger was result of the manning shortages experienced league-wide due to World War II.
Ronnie Quillian is a former Canadian football player who played for the Ottawa Rough Riders.
Dunn was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1976 following a stellar career at the University of Miami.
Dylan Ainsworth is a Canadian football defensive lineman who is currently a member of the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League.
Marvin now lives in Rancho Cucamonga with three of his four children.
He earned the NFC’s Special Team’s Player of the Month award for December that first year in 1996.
He was drafted by the Miami Dolphins in the fifth round of the 1992 NFL Draft.
According to Vinton Police Chief Rick Fox, three individuals have been arrested in the incident: Stephen Starring, Dillon Wade Worthy and Joseph Claude Batiste.
After the 1927 season, Phillips was selected as a second-team All-American by the Central Press Association, and a third-string All-American by the Associated Press.
He also played in the National Football League for the Chicago Cardinals from 1942 to 1950, and for the Detroit Lions from 1951 to 1953.
He was part of the Grey Cup championship-winning Winnipeg Blue Bombers in 1984, 1988, 1990.
John Wheelwright Wendell was an American football player.
Harold Krebs was a Canadian football player who played for the Edmonton Eskimos, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Toronto Argonauts, Montreal Alouettes and Calgary Stampeders.
Hugh Campbell is a former American football and Canadian football player, coach, and executive.
He played college football at the University of Wisconsin in 1944 and 1947 and was selected as a first-team All-American halfback at age 17 in 1944.
Don Sweet was a star football kicker for the Montreal Alouettes and Montreal Concordes of the Canadian Football League.
He graduated from Hamtramck High School in 1929.
Robert Lee Nelson is a retired American football linebacker in the National Football League.
Best known for his agility and speed at BYU, Farasopoulos played defensive back as well as punt and kickoff return.
Franklin Walter Mulvey was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
He was selected by the Chicago Cardinals in the 17th round of the 1956 NFL Draft, two picks before the Green Bay Packers took Bart Starr.
Widman was an officer and director of the Murray Corp. of America during the 1930s and early 1940s.
He played junior football for the Regina Thunder of the Canadian Junior Football League.
In that stretch, the Lions appeared in but lost the 51st Grey Cup in 1963 but won the 52nd Grey Cup in 1964.
He played for 4 teams from 1958 to 1965.
Colin Scrivener was a football player in the Canadian Football League for eight years.
He is also known by the wrestling nicknames King Kong Mosca and The Mighty Hercules.
In 1996, Kidd led the NFL with a 46.3 punting average.
He chose to play in the CFL, starting a 3-year stint with the Toronto Argonauts in 1958.
Including both teams, he totaled 2,857 yards and 14 touchdowns in his NFL career.
He compiled a record of 30 wins and 20 losses, including a win over Midwest City in the first-ever rivalry game between the two schools.
Gene Gaines was a football player in the CFL sixteen years.
He was drafted in the fifth round, 40th overall, in the 2014 CFL Draft by the Calgary Stampeders.
From 2004 to 2006, Searcy was the offensive line coach at Florida International University in Miami, Florida.
Elmendorf was a starter as a rookie for the 1971 Los Angeles Rams, making All-rookie.
He was converted to a punter with the Blue Bombers.
He led the NAIA in scoring in 1975 with 22 touchdowns in 11 games for a total of 132 points.
Montford was released by the Edmonton Eskimos prior to the 2006 season after playing one year with the team.
He graduated from Balboa High School in the Fall of 1968.
Weller was unanimously selected for All-American honors at the tackle position in 1922.
Thomas Matthew "Tom" Nowatzke was a National Football League running back of Polish descent from 1965 through 1972.
These include Grant Irons, Gerald Irons, David Irons, Kenny Irons and another cousin Jarrett Irons was an All-American linebacker for the Michigan Wolverines football team.
Bartholomew County Coroner Allen Smith said Kiel died at Columbus Regional Hospital.
He played college football at Stephen F. Austin State University and was drafted in the sixth round of the 1986 NFL Draft.
Smith attended West Virginia University, where he played four seasons of college baseball for the Mountaineers.
Previously, he served in the same capacity for the Carolina Panthers.
He finished his career with the Washington Federals of the United States Football League in 1983.
He was the very first head football coach at Del City High School, in 1953-the year the school opened.
He played professional American football player for the Portsmouth Spartans, Providence Steam Roller, Chicago Cardinals, and the Pittsburgh Pirates.
Raymond James Ratkowski was a former professional American football halfback.
He was promoted to first lieutenant and placed in charge of the Stokes mortar platoon of the headquarters company until October 13, 1918.
Carl Columbus Hinkle, Jr. was an American college football player who was a stand-out center for the Vanderbilt Commodores football team.
In one memorable game, the Tigers won 14-8, with Santucci scoring all Hamilton points.
Llewellyn Attsett Luce, Jr. was an American football running back in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.
In order to gain entrance into West Point he was sent to Valley Forge Military Academy.
A. J. Harris is a former Canadian football running back.
As Premier, Getty was faced with an economic slowdown and falling energy prices, which hit Alberta's petroleum-dominated economy hard.
He previously attended Illinois State University where he played college football for the Redbirds and studied Marketing and Communications.
He played in his first professional game on June 27, 2015 against the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Despite playing college football in the United States, as a Canadian-born player he was considered a non-import under CFL roster rules.
In 2007, in only his second season with the team, Smith became the BC Lions' all-time single-season rushing leader.
Donald Sherman Oakes is a former American football player who played offensive tackle.
He died in 2011 at the age of 76.
His career came to an end as the result of several years of criminal activity, including sexual assault, many under the alias Mike Boden.
Ryan is currently the special teams coordinator and defensive line coach for York University.
He was a consensus All-American in 1966.
Ray Watrin is a former professional Canadian football offensive lineman who played 12 seasons in the Canadian Football League for five different teams.
He was twice named an All-West Division all-star.
He finished the year with the Ottawa Rough Riders, rushing for another 865 yards and scoring 11 touchdowns.
Playing under head coach Fritz Crisler, Ponsetto led the 1944 team to an 8–2 record and a #8 ranking in the final AP Poll.
Kramer attended the University of Michigan from 1953 to 1957, winning a total of nine varsity letters in football, basketball, and track.
Both Doleman and Randle have been enshrined in the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
He was also an ice hockey player, coach and executive.
Prior to being drafted into the CFL, he played Canadian Interuniversity Sport football for the Concordia Stingers.
O'Brien sold the team after growing weary from a combination of losses, apathetic fans, and the popularity of the northside's Chicago Bears.
In 2000, he was 9th in the CFL with a career high 760 yards gained.
He backed up Greg Landry on the 1984 Western Conference Champion Wranglers squad.
He was the star halfback of the 1907 undefeated and unscored upon Minneapolis North High School National Football Champions of the US.
He later played for the New Jersey Generals of the United States Football League.
He won the Grey Cup with the Lions in 1964.
On June 8, 2009, Green was officially moved to the slotback position by head coach and general manager Wally Buono.
He was also named a first-team All-American by The New York Sun, and by Ted Coy, and as a second-team All-American by Walter Camp.
Ernest Charles Barber was an American football center in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.
He also won the Grey Cup in 1957.
DeCree was part of a 1973 Buckeyes team that was considered among the best in school history.
Samuel Houston Adams was a Canadian football player who played for the BC Lions.
Tyner attended Oklahoma State and Trinity Valley Community College after high school in Edgewood, Texas.
He was inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 1989 and into the Canada's Sports Hall of Fame in 1976.
Orlando McKay is a former American football Wide Receiver who spent his 1-year career with the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League.
He also held for Vinatieri's famous kicks in the Tuck Rule Game against the Oakland Raiders.
He was a CFL All Star two times.
John M. Garlington was an American football linebacker who played in the National Football League.
After his football career, he returned to the United States and worked in the construction business.
He played college football for the University of Utah and Northern Arizona Lumberjacks.
Dante Alfred Magnani was an American football player who played nine seasons in the National Football League.
Following the Pearl Harbor attack, he volunteered for military service in the U.S. Army.
Bubba McDowell is an American football coach and former player.
Jennings also played for the Michigan Wolverines men's basketball and Michigan Wolverines baseball teams between 1935 and 1937.
He enrolled at Georgetown University and, while there, played at the guard position on the Georgetown Hoyas football team in 1925 and 1926.
Joe Black Hayes, Sr. was an American football player and coach.
He played college football for the Washburn Ichabods.
He played CIS football with the Sherbrooke Vert et Or.
In 1996 and 1998 to 1999 he coached the Defensive Back & Special Teams and was Defensive Coordinator in 1997.
He was killed in a road accident.
Prior to establishing the Crimson Giants, Fausch played for a local semi-pro team called the Evansville Ex-Collegians.
Rae Ross was a Canadian football player who played for the BC Lions, Calgary Stampeders, and Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
The next year, he became the team's first black assistant coach and also the youngest coach to have ever been hired at Alabama.
Darren Yewchyn is a former Canadian football wide receiver who played two seasons with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League.
Nautyn McKay-Loescher is a former Canadian professional Canadian football defensive end.
Richard Brown is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for nine seasons in the NFL.
He won the Grey Cup with the Tiger-Cats in 1965.
James Theodore Koy was an American football tight end for the Buffalo Bills and Oakland Raiders of the National Football League.
Dumelie joined the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 1960 and played with them during his entire CFL career lasting 8 years, mostly as a defensive back.
On June 9, 2016, Davis was assigned to the Tampa Bay Storm.
Roger W. Brown, Jr. is a former American football defensive back in the National Football League.
Troy Mills was a Canadian Football League running back who played nine seasons for six different teams.
William Russell Kinard is a former American football player and coach.
He played college football at Texas A&M University and was drafted in the fifth round of the 1984 NFL Draft.
It wasn't like Red Grange or Tom Harmon or anybody else.
Noted for fewest points in a season 129.
Bobby Duhon was a professional American football player who played running back for four seasons for the New York Giants.
Leo earned All-Ivy honors, was named the top back in New England and was an honorable mention All-American.
He played college football for the Mississippi State Bulldogs.
In 2003, Klassen was voted a member of the B.C.
Steve Dennis is a former gridiron football player.
He started the first three games of 1977 but then would yield the starting job to Joe Montana.
He played college football at Whitworth University.
Tom Campana is a former award-winning and all-star slotback who played in the Canadian Football League from 1972 to 1977 with the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
He attended Wilfrid Laurier University from 1983 to 1985.
He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1993.
Preston Young was a football player in the CFL for eight years.
McCance also curled, and represented Quebec at the 1953 Macdonald Brier.
In 1932, he was a survivor in a plane crash that took the life of aviator Eddie Stinson, the founder of Stinson Aircraft Company.
Watts served in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1995 to 2003 as a Republican, representing Oklahoma's 4th Congressional District.
Jerome Heartwell "Brud" Holland was an American university president and diplomat.
His wife was locked in the bathroom of the house while the men beat Simon and his friend.
He was quickly signed to a practice roster agreement with the Roughriders on August 31, 2011.
In those four years the Notre Dame record was 36–0–2.
He enrolled at the University of Indiana where he won varsity letters in football in 1943, 1944, 1945 and 1947.
His education at Yale was interrupted during World War I by service as a pilot in the Naval Aviation Corps.
John Henry Mills was a four-year letterman at tight end under head coach Bill Dooley.
He played as a fullback on the Maryland football team during the 1919 and 1920 seasons.
He was named CFL Western All-Star in 2004 and was a part of the Lions Grey Cup victories in 1994 and 2000.
Glenn has played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Calgary Stampeders, BC Lions, Saskatchewan Roughriders, and Montreal Alouettes.
He was awarded the Purple Heart for injuries sustained in combat.
He played college football with the Simon Fraser Clan.
Louis Joseph Palazzi was an American football player who later officiated from 1952 through 1981 as an umpire in the National Football League.
In 1972, he came the first Boston College player to be inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.
He then played professional football in the National Football League for the Chicago Cardinals from 1951 to 1955.
In his senior season, he served as captain of the Vols.
Jackson is active off the field with charities including the March of Dimes, Special Olympics, and the United Way.
He would play in the Grey Cup championship game 5 of those years, winning 4 times.
According to Halas, he made the final payment with just minutes to spare.
"Pacino wasn't ready to commit completely to being here, wants to explore another potential opportunity," said head coach Kent Austin.
He was drafted out of Oregon State University in the 3rd round of the 1977 NFL Draft.
He served as CFLPA president until 2000.
Jackson played college football for the Notre Dame Fighting Irish.
John Borger played from 1956 to 1957 with the Calgary Stampeders.
for four years, starting in Super Bowl XVII in 1982 against the Washington Redskins, who won 27-17.
He was signed by the Kansas City Chiefs as an undrafted free agent in 2008.
He finished ninth in the nation in total offense with 266.1 yards per game.
Currently, Mr. Pollard works at the Methodist Children's Home in Waco, Texas, where he helps children and young adults in their development.
Walter Bernard "Wally" Hess was a professional American football running back in the National Football League.
As a junior, he produced the fourth-highest rushing total by a fullback in school history with 685 yards.
He played for the San Francisco 49ers from 1954-1955, the BC Lions from 1956-1957, and the Calgary Stampeders in 1958.
He also returned kickoffs at Indiana State.
In later years, Allen also played for the Calgary Stampeders and Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League.
Rowland played one season with the Chicago Bears.
His wife Jane pleaded guilty to one count of aggravated child abuse and was given two years probation.
He joined the navy during World War II and served as a physical instructor, rising to the rank of lieutenant commander.
He became the DL coach of the Edmonton Eskimos in January 2014.
He was also a member of the St. Louis Cardinals of the National Football League.
He played with the Racine Legion during the 1922 NFL season.
He formerly owned Benchwarmer Bob's Sports Cafe, with two locations in the Twin Cities.
He died in 1993 after a heart attack.
He played for the University of Michigan from 1977 to 1980.
David was voted national defensive lineman of the week against Kansas State his senior year.
In addition to running a successful dental practice for over 60 years, Ailinger remained involved in sports.
Once he became owner of the team, Johnson made Vince McCarthy, the team's back-up quarterback, his new general manager.
He joined the Baltimore CFLers in 1994 and won the Grey Cup with the Stallions in 1995, when he was a Southern Division all-star.
John Chick is a professional Canadian football defensive end for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.
In 1905, he earned All-American honors from Walter Camp.
Hector Naismith Crighton was a Canadian football coach.
He coached the team in 1933, which was his final season as a player and only as a coach, to a 1-5 record.
Jennings, who had Parkinson's disease, left broadcasting altogether following the 2008 season.
Mark Edward Arneson is a former American Football linebacker who played nine seasons in the National Football League.
He was an all-star as an end from 1950 to 1952, was a double all-star in 1953 and was an offensive line all-star in 1954.
He has played with the Montreal Alouettes, Calgary Stampeders, and Toronto Argonauts, as well as in the XFL and NFL Europe.
Johnny Musso is an American former football player, a running back for three seasons in the National Football League with the Chicago Bears.
During the Second World War when the Argonaut Football Operations were suspended, Royal Copeland played in the ORFU in 1943 with Toronto Navy HMCS York.
Don "Sleepy" Knowles was an award winning and all-star halfback in the Ontario Rugby Football Union.
He played college football at Western Michigan University and was drafted in the 27th round of the 1943 NFL Draft by the Steagles.
Steeler fans, accustomed to Bradshaw's late game heroics, turned viciously on Stoudt.
Sean Ortiz is a former professional Canadian football defensive lineman who played in the Canadian Football League.
During his NFL career Rube played for the Minneapolis Marines, Akron Indians, Hammond Pros, Minneapolis Red Jackets and the Rock Island Independents.
Charles Kenneth Hall nicknamed Sugar Land Express is a retired American football player.
Marc Parenteau is a professional Canadian football offensive lineman who last played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League.
He played college football at the University of Oregon.
Wesleyan’s Bacon Field House, a 70,000-square-foot field house, was named to honor him.
Byron Bullock is a former professional Canadian football linebacker.
Cody Jones is a former NFL football player.
Mariuz now works as a sales distributor for Conmed Linvatech.
He graduated from the University of Richmond in 1972 and was drafted by the Atlanta Falcons in the ninth round of the 1972 NFL Draft.
Leon Seals, Jr. is a former American football defensive end in the National Football League.
Joseph S. Krupa, Sr. was a former American football defensive tackle who played nine seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers in the National Football League.
He played for Pittsburgh Pirates-Steelers his entire career.
In 2007, Farrow was made a backup because of the departure of Bobby Singh to the Calgary Stampeders.
They had one son named Channing Carson, who later adopted his stepfather's surname.
He also helped organize the National Football League and well as the second American Football League.
He played college football at Mississippi Delta Community College, Troy University, and Arkansas-Monticello.
He signed with the Colts on November 10, 2003.
He was ranked as a top 5 draft pick, but fell in rankings due to increased interest from the NFL and injury.
He is the nephew of former American football wide receiver and 2013 Hall of Fame Inductee Cris Carter.
Ronnie Mallett is a former American football player and member of the College Football Hall of Fame.
The defensive lineman was a fourth-round draft pick in 1993 NFL Draft by the Bears out of Baylor.
In 1977, he began his collegiate football career playing in the Mid American Conference with the University of Toledo Rockets.
Len Meltzer is a former Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers and BC Lions.
Michael Joseph Fanucci is a former American football defensive end in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins, Houston Oilers, and Green Bay Packers.
Vernest Raynard Alexander is a former gridiron football wide receiver in the National Football League for the Denver Broncos and Dallas Cowboys.
Jerome Gantt was a former National Football League and Canadian Football League offensive tackle and Grey Cup champion.
Five years after his college career, Kaer played one year of professional football, 1931, with the Frankford Yellow Jackets of the National Football League.
He succeeded Buddy Nix as general manager.
He was a first-team All-America linebacker for Miami University, known then as the Redskins.
Clem Turner was a professional American football player who played running back for four seasons for the Cincinnati Bengals and Denver Broncos.
Gregory Peterson is a Canadian former gridiron football player who played in the Canadian Football League for nine years.
While with BC, Morris was a member of the Lions team that won the 52nd Grey Cup.
William Abb Cannon Jr. is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys.
He is currently employed at Commerce Bancshares in Kansas City, Missouri.
He played professionally in the American Football League for the Buffalo Bills in 1961 and 1962.
There he helped lead Illinois to its second national championship in 1919, and earned first-team All-American honors in 1920.
Bisaillon's 55 scoring grabs topped the record set by Jerry Rice of Mississippi Valley State.
After a career in Dallas, TX with the DEA, Bishop returned to football and the Denver Broncos in 2007, as an offensive line coaching intern.
In 1934 and 1935 he played for the Pittsburgh Pirates.
He began a 12-year career with the Eskimos on 1974.
Albert Grey was born into a noble and political family, though at birth not in direct line to inherit the earldom.
On Oct. 10, 1965, he ran 10 yards with a fumble for a score in a 37-16 Cardinals victory over the Washington Redskins.
Ellis then attended Southern University in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
He played college football at the University of Miami.
Once Darren was out of high school he went to Mesa Community college in Arizona and kept playing football.
A physical player, Beagle won All-America recognition in his junior and senior seasons during an era in which ends played 60 minutes.
In 1910 the Esquimaux changed their name to the Edmonton Eskimos and White was their coach.
Johnny Dean Robinson is a former American football player.
Although his yards per carry dipped to 4.5, 1962 was his best year with 673 rushing yards and 30 receptions for 419 yards.
He married to Florence Albrecht on August 17, 1946, in a ceremony held in Shawano, Wisconsin, with the reception at the Hotel Martin in Bonduel, Wisconsin.
Kevin Challenger also holds an annual football camp for up and coming football players in Montreal, Quebec it is held for 2 days.
Dr. Jack O'Connor was a Canadian football player and coach who was the head coach of Toronto Argonauts from 1923-1925.
Hansen played college football at the California State University, Northridge.
Sanchez played college football at the University of San Francisco and was drafted in the ninth round of the 1944 NFL Draft by the Giants.
Following graduation, Herron served as first assistant coach to Warner before being leaving to become the head coach at Indiana University Bloomington in 1922.
Benjamin F. Boswell was an American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Portsmouth Spartans and Boston Redskins.
Ilesic also punted in 1989 for the San Diego Chargers, punting 76 times in 14 games for 3049 yards, averaging 40.1.
Michael Lamont Archie is a former professional American football player who played running back in the NFL and XFL.
Thompson scored two of Baylor's three touchdowns in the 1975 Cotton Bowl Classic against Penn State.
He was drafted by the Edmonton Eskimos in 2010, where he played for five seasons.
In 1999, he was head coach of the New Orleans Thunder of the Regional Football League.
In 2006, he dressed in all 18 games and recorded 18 special teams tackles.
He went on to win the 100th Grey Cup with the Argos, a game in which he was ejected.
He was a running back with the Montreal Alouettes in the Canadian Football League.
P Joe Barnes was an all-star quarterback in the Canadian Football League.
James Theodoric David was an American football defensive back for the Detroit Lions in the National Football League.
Deon Murphy is a Canadian football wide receiver for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.
He is the son of former Pro Bowl running back Gerald Riggs.
Larry Highbaugh was an American defensive back for the British Columbia Lions from 1971–1972 and the Edmonton Eskimos from 1972–1983 of the Canadian Football League.
He played his first game for the Tigers on October 20, 1906 in a 57-0 victory over the Shelby Athletic Club.
He led the football team to South Jersey titles in 1934 and 1935 and twice received All-Conference honors.
He won the Grey Cup with the Eskimos in 1954.
Laurie Hodgson was a Canadian football player who played for the Edmonton Eskimos and BC Lions.
He currently serves as Consultant for Football Operations for the Argonauts.
Tom Wittum was an American football player.
He was injured in '96, his third season with the Steelers, and finished with Carolina in '97.
He did so despite missing half his senior year to a separated shoulder early in the season against Arlington High School.
Smeja played at the end position for the University of Michigan from 1941 to 1943.
After graduating high school Koncar attended the University of Colorado.
He played college football at Temple University.
He won the Grey Cup with the Winnipeg Bluebombers in 1939 and with the Calgary Stampeders in 1948 and played in seven grey cup games.
He departed in 2003 via free agency.
Oswald Clay is a former American football safety in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.
Jadon Wagner is a former professional Canadian football linebacker.
He married Fay Iannone and had 9 children.
Michael David Black is a former American football offensive tackle in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles and the New York Giants.
Herbert St. John was a professional American football guard.
He had recently been the recipient of a kidney transplant.
He played college football at Texas A&M University and was drafted in the eighth round of the 1988 NFL Draft.
George Robert Reed, CM, SOM, is a former American college football and Canadian Football League player.
However Shring is best known for playing for the Massillon Tigers from 1903 until 1907.
The next season Tampa Bay used a draft pick to select Ray Snell out of Oklahoma as a Guard.
Cedric Brown, is a former American professional football player who played in 9 NFL seasons from 1976-1984 for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
During that time, he was a three-year starter and a two-time first-team All-American, consensus in 1959.
Jacobs was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the tenth round of the 1964 NFL Draft.
Chuck Scott is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for the Los Angeles Rams and Dallas Cowboys.
The head-first collision resulted in a broken C-5 vertebra that left Byrd paralyzed.
Yarr was Native American of Snohomish decent.
He won the Grey Cup with them in 1952.
In 1997, he was named BCFC Coach of the Year and was winner of the Gord Currie CJFL Coach of the Year Award.
He played in two Rose Bowls and was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.
Before college stardom, Smith was a Redoak Ram for Redoak Elementary School in Moore, Oklahoma.
Larson received bachelor and master of arts degrees from Minnesota.
Justin Capicciotti is a Canadian football defensive lineman for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.
Chester Willis is a former halfback for the Oakland/Los Angeles Raiders.
Brian Marcil is a former professional football player in the Canadian Football League.
He played college football at the University of Pacific.
Foster has also been a member of the Kansas City Chiefs, Toronto Argonauts, and Edmonton Eskimos.
While he was named an All-American as a junior and senior, his best season came as a junior in 1955.
John Bain "Jock" Sutherland was an American football player and coach.
By his own admission his penchant for looking for racism contributed to his early exit from the NFL.
He played college football at Central Florida.
James Kilian is currently the offensive coordinator at University of St. Thomas in St Paul, Minnesota.
The 6-1, 230-pound Long played defensive tackle and was a two-time All-America, a First-team in 1970 and a consensus selection in 1971.
He coached the team in 1922, posting a 5–3 overall record and a 1–3 NFL record.
Ted Gerela is a former award-winning kicker in the Canadian Football League.
Anthony DesLauriers is a former professional Canadian football player.
He played in the Canadian Football League in 1965 for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and in 1966 for the Montreal Beavers of the Continental Football League.
He played CIS football for the York Lions.
In 2008, he joined the coaching staff of the University of South Alabama.
He was a 5-time CFL Eastern Division All-Star and a 2-time CFL Outstanding Lineman finalist.
Strifler first played for the Edmonton Wildcats from 1959 to 1960.
He was selected originally by the Los Angeles Rams in the 1960 NFL Draft.
He was a taken with the 23rd pick in the 1st Round of the 1985 NFL Draft.
He was drafted by the Blue Bombers in the sixth round of the 2009 CFL Draft.
He next played with the Montreal Alouettes for 2 years and 22 games, winning the Grey Cup championship in 1970.
A 1996 spinal fusion was finally successful, though not after an extended recovery that left him bedridden for six months.
Brock Strom is a former American football player.
Zollie Kovacs was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
Walter Henry "Wally" Teninga is a former American football halfback and businessman.
He graduated from Cass Tech High School in Detroit, Michigan before enrolling at the University of Michigan.
He played college football at the University of Oklahoma.
Wayne Lester Smith is a former American football defensive back who played eight seasons in the National Football League.
He began his career with the Montreal Alouettes but was traded, along with a 5th round draft pick, to BC for Adriano Belli.
He was drafted by the Baltimore Colts in the third round of the 1971 NFL Draft.
Van Cleve's contract was with the Allegheny Athletic Association for $50 per game for the entire 1893 season.
He was named most valuable player of the Big Ten co-champion in 1931 playing at Northwestern University.
Chet Miksza was a centre for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League from 1952-1968.
He was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers on April 2, 2014.
Marc A. Raab is a retired American football offensive lineman.
Santonio Beard is a former running back from the University of Alabama.
Brett Carolan is a former professional American football player who played tight end for three seasons for the San Francisco 49ers and Miami Dolphins.
Bingham attended and played high school football at J. M. Weatherwax High School in Aberdeen, Washington.
Gordon Chiarot was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and BC Lions.
He is the younger brother of former Green Bay Packers defensive back and longtime KCBS-TV sports anchor Jim Hill.
He coached high school football many years.
He represented Jefferson Parish as a Democrat in the state House from 1964 to 1972 and then in the state Senate from 1972 to 1996.
Johnson was signed as a free agent by the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 2006, and dressed for a total of 15 games, starting seven at cornerback.
He was an All-Star three times and won one Grey Cup with Edmonton.
Roger Alvin LeClerc is a former American football player and coach in the United States.
Robinson played college football at Utah State University.
Lee was released by the Saskatchewan Roughriders on February 13, 2015.
B. J. Gallis is a former award-winning former football linebacker in the Canadian Football League.
Knowlton wasn't selected in the 2004 NFL Draft after 4 years at North Texas.
Then Pittsburgh captain Charley Aull reportedly ran into an old friend named "Stayer".
His many achievements and deep Christian faith earned him the nickname "the Mahātmā."
Gideon Edward Smith, sometimes referred to as G. E. Smith, was an American football player and coach.
He also caught 15 passes in 1963 but only one in 1964.
Mike Fitzgerald is a former professional American football player who played defensive back for the Minnesota Vikings, New York Giants, and Atlanta Falcons
Palm was an assistant at Georgetown University from 1926-1929 under coach Lou Little.
His brother is former NFL quarterback, Tony Eason.
Johnson was also a member of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Tampa Bay Buccaneers and BC Lions.
Jordan Lynch is a former American football quarterback.
Neal Hughes is a former professional Canadian football player for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League.
In addition, he was often used as a punt returner, returning 496 punts for a lifetime average of 6.0 yards per return.
He won the Grey Cup with them in 1964.
Andrew Paul Selfridge is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League for the Buffalo Bills, New York Giants, and the Miami Dolphins.
During World War II, Chuck Braidwood was an American Red Cross program director, working overseas to help the Allied war effort.
He originally signed to attend Ohio State but instead was pushed to West Point.
He played college football at the University of Minnesota and attended Saint Paul Johnson High School.
Ricky Santos is an American former gridiron football quarterback.
Malbrough has been a member of the Barcelona Dragons, Calgary Stampeders, Ottawa Renegades, Winnipeg Blue Bombers and Edmonton Eskimos.
He was a split end who also punted for the Roughriders.
He won the Grey Cup with the Eskimos in 1955.
Kevin Marion is a former professional American and Canadian football wide receiver.
Brown was inducted into College Football Hall of Fame in 2003.
Benfatti was an All-State football player and heavyweight wrestler at Morris Knolls High School in Denville, New Jersey.
He played college football at Baylor University.
He was named CFL All-Star 2 times and was a part of six Grey Cup championship teams with the Eskimos.
He played college football at the University of Notre Dame.
In 2010 Kanavis returned to Colorado as defensive line assistant under Jon Embree.
In November 2007 he was inducted into the Etobicoke Sports Hall of Fame.
He also returned the opening kickoff 96 yards for a touchdown against the Alabama Crimson Tide in November 1983.
Reginald Weldon Garrett is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for three seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Brad Lekkerkerker is an offensive tackle who formerly played for the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League.
At Washington & Jefferson, he played college football at the center position from 1918 to 1920 and also played on the school's basketball team.
Larry Pugh is a former American football player.
Randy Edwards is a former professional American football player who played defensive lineman for four seasons for the Seattle Seahawks.
He was then awarded a football scholarship to Oklahoma State University, but instead played with Cameron University, winning the 1961 Junior Rose Bowl.
Clyde Davis Goodnight was an American football end in the National Football League for the Green Bay Packers and the Washington Redskins.
He won the Grey Cup with them in 1958, 1959, 1961 and 1962.
James David Laughlin is a former American football player.
Lynch played college football at Boston College.
The Bengals went on to win, 27–7.
Stan Rose was a Canadian football player who played for the Montreal Hornets and Saskatchewan Roughriders.
He played collegiately for the University of Minnesota as defensive end and place kicker.
Crifo was also a member of the Montreal Alouettes.
Ken E. Mendenhall is a former American football center who played ten seasons in the National Football League for the Baltimore Colts.
Thomas Anthony Siano was an American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Boston Braves and Brooklyn Dodgers.
He was a consensus All-American in 1931 and led the Trojans that year to a national championship.
Following a remarkable career at Baylor, Abercrombie was a first-round draft pick by the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1982.
He played CIS football at Simon Fraser University and attended Wexford High school in Scarborough, Ontario.
Bruce Smith was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Edmonton Eskimos, Ottawa Rough Riders and Toronto Argonauts.
Robert "Bob" Horn, was a National Football League linebacker from 1976-1983.
Starting seven games that year, Young finished the season with 27 receptions for 403 yards.
He played professionally for the Washington Redskins.
Arthur Francis Deibel was a professional football player who spent a year in the National Football League with the Canton Bulldogs in 1926.
There was a brief stint in the mid-1970s as head coach at Millburn High School in New Jersey.
As a result, both schools shared the Ivy League title.
A native of Athens, Georgia, he played high school football at Clarke Central High School in that city.
Kenneth Maurice Clarke is a former professional American football defensive tackle who played fourteen seasons in the National Football League.
In 1983, Gary was voted First Team All Pro for the NFL.
He played seven seasons for the 49ers and one for the Los Angeles Raiders at linebacker.
Terry Vaughn is a former Canadian Football League receiver most recently with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
Billy Graham, who encouraged Glass toward a life in the ministry.
He played college football at the University of Western Ontario.
He was drafted in 1982, Round 2, Pick 6 by the Seattle Seahawks.
His best season was 1930, when he scored 28 points and won the Jeff Russel Memorial Trophy as top player in the east.
56 jersey is one of eight that has been retired by the Roughriders.
He also played for the Minnesota Vikings, Berlin Thunder, Edmonton Eskimos and Rhein Fire.
Heath only played one season with the Packers before moving to the Canadian Football League.
After retiring as a player, Federspiel officiated Southeastern Conference football games as an umpire.
He was captain of the 1970 squad, which featured one of the most heralded defensive backfields in school history.
During his 9-year career with the Pittsburgh Steelers he posted career numbers of 10 interceptions and 11 recovered fumbles.
Demetrice A. Martin is an American football coach, currently the defensive backs coach for the UCLA Bruins.
He played professionally for the Washington Redskins.
In his sophomore season, he helped lead the 1995 Northwestern Wildcats to the Big Ten Conference Championship and the 1996 Rose Bowl.
Jack Louis Nix was an American and Canadian football player who played for the San Francisco 49ers and Saskatchewan Roughriders.
Steve Molnar is a former Canadian Football League running back.
William Chase Temple was a coal, citrus, and lumber baron during the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
As a small-time actor following his playing days, he appeared in a series of low-budget Westerns.
Ronald Irving Yell is an American defensive back of Canadian football for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League.
He played college football for the Texas College Steers.
He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1996.
George Frank Hurley was an American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Boston Braves/Redskins.
Arnold T. Morgado, Jr. was a professional football running back in the NFL for the Kansas City Chiefs.
Following his release from BC, he signed with the Alouettes on July 10, 2017.
He played college football at Texas A&M University.
Charles William "Charlie" Grube was an American football player.
Rusty Jackson was a professional American football player who played punter for four seasons for the Los Angeles Rams and Buffalo Bills.
He played college football at Baylor University and high school football at Odessa Permian High School, captured in the movie and TV series Friday Night Lights.
He played CIS football at University of Calgary and attended Bishop Grandin High School in Calgary, Alberta.
While he is able to walk, he is no longer able to use one of his arms.
Coleman was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in 1975.
Unfortunately Frazier's team was unable to capitalize on the turnover and subsequently lost.
Bostic eventually signed with the Philadelphia Eagles for the 1998 and 1999 seasons.
Glen Scrivener is a former football player in the Canadian Football League for 12 years.
Bob Lance Ewbank was an American and Canadian football player.
After playing college football at Bowling Green State University Lisbon was drafted by the NFL's San Francisco 49ers.
He played college football at Georgetown University.
He played college football at the University of Kansas.
He won the Grey Cup with the Stampeders in 1948.
Waddy was a legitimate deep threat, who averaged 16.4 yards per catch over the course of his career.
Matched against the Michigan Aggies, now known as the Michigan State Spartans, Lansing won by a score of 40-0.
He was a 24th round selection of the Los Angeles Rams in the 1956 NFL Draft out of Michigan State University.
His CFL rights were traded to the Roughriders for Cory Watson on May 11, 2015 and he signed with the Roughriders on May 21, 2015.
He was Hamilton Tiger-Cats' first draft choice in 1960
He previously attended Texas A&M University where he played college football for the Aggies.
He was also selected in the third round of the 1963 AFL Draft by the Kansas City Chiefs.
James Ellis Lindsey was a Canadian football player who played for the Calgary Stampeders and Toronto Argonauts.
McCullough was drafted by the Roughriders in the third round of the 2003 CFL Draft, after playing his college football at St. Francis Xavier University.
He later became a teacher and basketball coach at Bay City Central High School.
Anthony A. Blazine, Jr. was an American football player and coach.
The 49ers also led the NFL in passing yards in 1965 and 1969 and the NFC in 1970 and 1972.
He has also played professionally in the Canadian Football League, where he was a member of the Saskatchewan Roughriders and the BC Lions.
In drills and mills it holds the rotating tool whereas in lathes it holds the rotating workpiece.
"Arnie" Simkus is a former American football player.
After the 1945 season, Ponsetto underwent surgery on his knee.
He played college football at West Texas State University.
He was a seventh round selection by the Chicago Bears in the 2003 NFL Draft.
After graduation, he became one of the organizers of the Dayton Triangles professional football team.
Lee Riley played eight-man football at St. Aloysius Academy.
In 1914, he was named captain of the Yale team.
He later served as defensive backs coach for the New York Jets from 1981–1984.
Both were transported to local hospitals, according to Fox.
Halver "Buddy" Brown, Jr. is a former American football player.
During the 1993 season, he was the leading running back in the Southeastern Conference.
Edward Victor "Ed" Kolman was a professional American football player who played offensive tackle for six seasons for the Chicago Bears and New York Giants.
He is also a former professional American football player.
Born in Hamilton, Ontario, he was a businessman, insurance agent, professional football player and public servant.
In 2007, Worden died of a heart attack after a period of declining health.
Jeremy Lewis is a gridiron football offensive lineman for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League.
He played college football at Memphis State University.
Big John was a member of the National Football League Players Association, and Indiana University Members Association.
He started as an offensive lineman for the University of North Texas and was named All-Conference twice and All-American his senior year.
The following season, he was a member of the St. Louis All-Stars, but did not see any playing time during a regular season game.
Stanford's coach, Pop Warner, said he had never seen "a greater football player."
Michael Webster is a Canadian clinical psychologist and former Canadian Football League player for the Montreal Alouettes and BC Lions, and Grey Cup champion.
In 1961, he was purchased by the Toronto Argonauts for $350.
Ronald Earl Gassert is a former American football defensive tackle in the National Football League for the Green Bay Packers.
Joseph I. Scannella is a former American football player and coach of American and Canadian football.
In 1943 Butler was drafted into the military due to World War II, however he was physically disqualified for duty.
He won the Grey Cup in 1968 with Ottawa.
He played college football at the University of Pennsylvania and was drafted in the second round of the 1937 NFL Draft.
Teammates York Hentschel and David Boone are believed to have suffered from the same injuries.
Shawn Vere Gore is a police officer, with the Vancouver Police Department, and a retired professional Canadian football wide receiver.
He played 2 more season with Ottawa and finished 1979 with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
He played college football at the University of North Alabama.
Richard Lee Bass was an American football running back from who played for the Los Angeles Rams of the National Football League from 1960 to 1969.
In his rookie season he led the NFC in interceptions with nine, and was voted Pro Football Weekly's NFL Defensive Rookie of the Year.
Leonard Leo Brooks, Jr. was a professional American football defensive lineman, who played for the National Football League's St. Louis Cardinals.
Jerome W. "Jerry" Davis was a professional American football defensive back in the National Football League.
With the United States entering the war, the scholarship was canceled and Frank was unable to go to Notre Dame.
Barnett was also selected in the ninth round of the 1963 AFL Draft by the San Diego Chargers.
On February 18, 2017, Mersereau was charged in Boca Raton, Florida with child cruelty after allegedly grabbing, pushing and twice punching a 15-year-old boy.
He played college football at Eastern Washington.
Eric Williams is a former American Football linebacker who played nine seasons in the National Football League.
Marconi helped West Virginia to a 31–7 record during his four-year tenure.
He played CIS football for the Ottawa Gee-Gees.
The cause of death was later determined to be Ischaemic heart disease, or hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Bennie Lee Cunningham, Jr. is an American retired football tight end.
In 1998, he was inducted into the Roughriders' Plaza of Honour.
Prior to attending Ohio State, Weed played for Grandview Heights High School.
Lions Wall of Fame at BC Place Stadium as a part of the 1985 Grey Cup championship team.
Brad Crawford is a former professional Canadian football defensive back.
Ralph Galloway is a former professional Canadian football offensive lineman who played eleven seasons in the Canadian Football League for the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
James played college football for the University of Tennessee, and was recognized as an All-American.
He returned to Canada and began a 7-year stay in Ottawa, where he was a part of the feared “Capital Punishment” defensive unit.
Many felt that his skills were under-appreciated because he played next to three all-stars: Dave Fennell, Ron Estay and David Boone.
He was a member of the BC lions team that won the 52nd Grey Cup.
He played his college football at Weber State University.
He is the son of Canadian Football Hall of Famer Wayne Harris.
They were the last Jewish brothers to play in the NFL until Geoff Schwartz and Mitchell Schwartz, in the 2000s.
Ernest "Ernie" Cox, was a star football player in the Canadian Football League.
Donelli played college football at Duquesne and was an assistant football coach at his alma mater from 1930 to 1938, before being promoted to head coach.
Cornish was drafted 13th overall in the 2006 CFL Draft.
Cadogan has also been a member of the Cincinnati Bengals, San Diego Chargers, Philadelphia Eagles and the Indianapolis Colts.
Canton won the first game; but the second game and the championship was won by Massillon.
Gibson was one of 11 All-American football players to appear in the 1930 film "Maybe It's Love".
He later served on the Ohio State Athletic Council.
He wore a smaller size 5 cleat on his right kicking foot which he felt gave him more control and stability kicking the football.
Bob WylieFebruary 16, 1951) is an American football coach who is currently the offensive line coach for the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League.
Bush was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Cincinnati Bengals in 1997.
When both clubs and the AAFC folded, Chappuis retired from football in 1950.
Kelly was the number 1 target of Eskimos Quarterback Warren Moon in the early 80's.
He played professionally in the National Football League for the Minnesota Vikings.
He made an uncredited appearance as a member of the 325th Evac.
Rick Egloff was a football player in the Canadian Football League.
In 1998, Colquitt was hired by his former offensive coordinator at Tennessee, David Cutcliffe, as recruiting coordinator at Ole Miss.
Monroe Eley is a former running back who played in the Canadian Football League and the National Football League.
During that span he appeared in Super Bowl III and Super Bowl V for the Baltimore Colts.
He played college football for Morgan State University.
His career continued into the National Football League and Canadian Football League.
James's Adrian College teammate and "inseparable friend" John Maulbetsch followed James to Ann Arbor in 1913.
Allemang played for Acadia University and was nominated for the J. P. Metras Trophy for outstanding intercollegiate lineman in 1974.
Piccone caught 100 passes, 1,380 yards and 6 touchdowns in 9 years in the NFL.
Lawrence Eugene Evans in the 1976 draft.
Charles Chauncey Buell was an American football player and educator.
He did not make the season roster, and eventually played with Spokane and Kansas City of the Arena Football League, before winding up in the CFL.
He played professional football for the Rochester Jeffersons for one season in 1925.
He played college football at Tennessee, and was drafted by the Dallas Cowboys in the first round of the 1991 NFL Draft.
Charles Seabright was an American Football player from Wheeling, West Virginia, where he spent the majority of his professional career with the Pittsburgh Steelers.
He started in Super Bowl XV and in Super Bowl XVIII for the Raiders.
He enrolled at the University of California in the Class of 1929.
Jason A. Verduzco is a former American football quarterback who played one season with the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League.
He played college football for the Mississippi State Bulldogs.
However late in game, he suffered a fractured collar bone.
Bobby Gerald Jackson was a professional American football player who played Defensive back for two seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles and Chicago Bears.
Tony Passander was a Canadian football player who played for the Montreal Alouettes.
Having played college football with the Southern Miss Golden Eagles, Orange was drafted by the Atlanta Falcons, but came to Canada in 1974.
In 1974 Bennett returned to Canada and attended Wilfrid Laurier University in Waterloo, Ontario.
He won the Grey Cup with Hamilton in 1967.
He was most recently a member of the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.
Galbreath quickly became one of the top pass-catching running backs in the NFL.
Lucci’s defensive coverage abilities earned him a total of 21 career interceptions with Detroit.
Curtis Raymond Dickey, was a two-sport athlete at Texas A&M University where he was an outstanding running back in football.
John Helton is a former defensive tackle for the Calgary Stampeders from 1969–1978 and the Winnipeg Blue Bombers from 1979-1982 of the Canadian Football League.
Steve Lach was an American football player.
Yell played college football at San Jose State and began his professional football career in 2013 with the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League.
He played college football at Fort Hays State University.
He was also an Academic All-America selection in 1974.
Borden Walter "Bud" Korchak was an award-winning and all-star Canadian football player.
He played college football at the University of Montana.
He was the coach of the Croatia Sports Club soccer team in the Vancouver Metro Soccer League's Premier division.
He played college football at Bowling Green State University.
Johnsos graduated from Schurz High School in Chicago, Illinois in 1924, while there he played football and baseball.
He attended Hurst High School located in Norvelt, and later Duquesne University.
In 2003, Radlein won the Frank M. Gibson trophy for being the outstanding rookie in the CFL East Division.
He played Canadian Interuniversity Sport football with the Manitoba Bisons.
Blaine Schmidt is a former professional Canadian football guard who played twelve seasons in the Canadian Football League.
That season, he also coached the Phillips Exeter Academy football team and joined Homestead in mid-November after Exeter’s last game.
He played college football at Florida A&M University and was drafted in the 20th round of the 1966 NFL Draft.
Marshall later studied law and became a businessman.
In 1983 Corral moved to the USFL.
The vacancy occurred when U.S. Representative Sam B.
Greg Primus is a former American football player for the Chicago Bears of the NFL.
Despite his 6.4 yards per rush average and 23.4 yards per catch, he had fewer than half as many carries the following year.
While playing football, he attended the University of Alberta from which he graduated with a law degree.
Prior to playing at Temple, Ibeh played two years at Hudson Valley Community College in Troy, New York.
Collin Ashton is an American football linebacker.
Jimmy Ray Wilks is a former American football defensive end who played thirteen seasons for the New Orleans Saints in the National Football League.
His first touchdown came 70 seconds into the game on a pass into the end zone from quarterback Stan Noskin.
In a 1904 issue of The Independent, Walter Camp listed the following "leading players of the game" for the period 1876 to 1879.
In 2004, he was drafted in the fifth round of the NFL Europe draft by the Scottish Claymores.
Not drafted and a free agent, he signed with the New England Patriots in 1991 but was released before the regular season.
He moved to the up-start All-America Football Conference in 1947, with the Buffalo Bills.
He excelled as a special teams player.
Dowling played briefly in the National Football League for the New England Patriots and Green Bay Packers.
He has four children and four grandchildren.
Although he never attended college, he is unofficially considered the leading rusher of 1920s.
He played ten seasons for the Chicago Bears, the Los Angeles Rams, the Green Bay Packers, and the San Diego Chargers.
Hebeler played college football at Simon Fraser University.
For his entire career he played for the New England Patriots.
Toward the end of his career, journeyman Leggett played 20 games in 1967 and 1968 for the expansion New Orleans Saints franchise.
Ben D'Aguilar is a professional Canadian football defensive lineman for the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League.
Claude "Cupe" Perry was a professional American football player who played offensive tackle for nine seasons for the Green Bay Packers.
William Jennings "Bobby" Berns was a professional American football player who played offensive lineman for six seasons for the Dayton Triangles.
He then played for the Indianapolis Colts before returning to the Redskins.
He played CIS Football with the Concordia Stingers.
After his football career, Selfridge worked in fundraising at the University of Virginia.
Carlton Massey was a professional American football defensive lineman who played in the National Football League for the Cleveland Browns and Green Bay Packers.
The five-time divisional All-Star played from 1975 to 1984 for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
Russell "Doss" Rebholz was a professional football player for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers and later a high school and college football and basketball coach.
He previously played college football at Texas A&M University.
Stephen Reaves is a former professional Canadian football quarterback.
He is a graduate from Murray High School located in Murray, Utah.
He also served as president of the Toronto Argonauts.
He won the Grey Cup with Ottawa in 1951.
He started camp that year back at his college position as a tailback.
He continued to play pro football through the 1938 season.
Robert Whitehead Marshall was a Canadian football player who played for the Toronto Argonauts and Ottawa Rough Riders.
After his discharge from the military, Buell enrolled at Harvard College.
The Bills released him at the end of training camp and Nohra was signed by the Lions in September 1998.
After the 1972 season he was traded to the Chicago Bears where he played his final season in 1973.
He was ranked as the ninth best player in the Canadian Football League’s Amateur Scouting Bureau September rankings for players eligible in the 2012 CFL Draft.
Warrington died two days later at University Hospital in Edmonton.
Louis Fred Stokes is a former American football defensive end who played ten seasons in the National Football League.
Simkus played in only one game for the Jets in the 1965 season and later signed with the Minnesota Vikings.
defensive back from Stanford University, he played in 11 NFL seasons from 1987 to 1997.
He was drafted by the New England Patriots in the sixth round of the 1987 NFL Draft.
Pat also played college football at Marquette.
He played college football at the University of Maryland, College Park.
Troy Adam Drake is a former American football offensive tackle in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles and the Washington Redskins.
Nathaniel Wright played professional American football in the NFL from 1969-1980.
Following his release, he signed with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats on May 18, 2011.
Young became the first Fighting Illini athlete since 1973 to appear in games for both the football and basketball teams in the same season.
After working as an occasional sports writer and color commentator, Edmonds has opened a gallery for fine art.
He was chosen to play in the 1954 Pro Bowl.
Kirchiro was selected in the seventh round of the 1962 NFL Draft by the St. Louis Cardinals.
He also runs the Total Exposure Football Camp for middle and high school football players
During Whitey's final season of professional football in 1927, he played for the Atlantic City Roses.
Aldi Henry is a former professional Canadian football player who played defensive back for the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League from 1997 to 2002.
He re-signed with Saskatchewan on July 6, 2009.
He won the Grey Cup with the Rough Riders in 1951.
Paredes currently holds the record with 39 consecutive field goals.
John is currently a teacher for the Grand Erie District School Board.
After his playing career, Peay served as the head football coach at Northwestern University from 1986 to 1991.
He was born in the State of New York, raised in Plainfield, New Jersey, attended preparatory school at Andover, and then enrolled at Cornell University.
He played college football at Northwestern and finished second in the 1958 voting for the Chicago Tribune Silver Football award.
Nelson played college football at the University of Nebraska.
He attended Harvard University where he played for the Harvard Crimson football team.
Other professional highlights include designing Drake Stadium at UCLA, the Federal Reserve Bank in Los Angeles and the Block M seating arrangement at Michigan Stadium.
Bill Cline is a retired Canadian football player who played for the Ottawa Rough Riders and Saskatchewan Roughriders.
Ronald M. Vaccher was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Duclair was also a member of the Toronto Argonauts.
Miguel Robede is a former Canadian football defensive tackle.
Dave Butterfield is a former American football defensive back who played college football at the University of Nebraska–Lincoln and attended Sterling High School in Sterling, Colorado.
Nugent was drafted in the 6th round of the 2000 NFL Draft by the Patriots.
Reed Henderson was a Canadian football player who played for the Edmonton Eskimos.
His son Josh Wilson plays in the NFL.
Otman Franklin "Otto" Wagonhurst was an American football player and coach.
His son Bob Isbister Jr. was also an all-star Grey Cup champion Canadian football player, with the Toronto Argonauts.
Dan Policowski was an early professional football player for the Massillon Tigers from 1904 to 1906.
Jerry Hopkins is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for six seasons for the Denver Broncos, Miami Dolphins, and Oakland Raiders.
In 2001, five years after he retired from the CFL, Laird was elected the eighth President of the Canadian Football League Players' Association, serving until 2012.
He was the backup of Charlie Whitehurst until the 2006-2007 season.
He returned to Baylor after his playing days and earned a law degree.
Young played his college football at Purdue University and played four professional games with the Green Bay Packers in 1956.
He was employed by the Michigan State Highway Commission from approximately 1937 until his retirement in 1967.
Carroll Williams is a former American football quarterback who played four seasons in the Canadian Football League with the Montreal Alouettes and BC Lions.
He was a three time West All-Star.
After retiring from football, Darden pursued careers as a sports agent, security provider and business consultant.
He resigned as head coach following the 2011 season, citing the need to spend more time with his family.
In his first two seasons in the NFL, he was primarily a punt return specialist.
Kolten Solomon is a former professional Canadian football wide receiver.
Besides his nickname of "Red", he was known in football as "Six- Yard Sitko."
At Alfred E. Beach High School in Savannah, he became a highly recruited football star before committing to play at Georgia Tech.
On December 29, 1970, Skrien was hired by the Saskatchewan Roughriders to replace head coach Eagle Keys.
Glenn Arwin January, Jr. is a professional Canadian football offensive tackle Free agent.
He has been a speaker of the brotherhood ministry and is loved by all.
"He's fantastic coming off the ball on a man right in front of him.
He was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in 2000.
Belli officially retired from the CFL for the second time on May 29, 2013.
He missed the 1958 season after sustaining a knee injury and never fully recovered from his knee injuries.
He was formerly the head coach of the Edmonton Eskimos from 2009 to 2010.
Mack Moore is a former NFL and CFL defensive lineman.
His son, James Judges, was selected by the Alouettes in the fourth round in the 2007 CFL Draft and signed in March, 2008.
One year later, with Jim McMahon and Steve Fuller hurt, Lisch started a game for the Bears against Green Bay.
The next season Musso was injured and Eley had his best year, racking up 1176 yards.
Robert B. Nichols is a former professional American football Linebacker in the National Football League.
Walquist attended Rockford Central High School where he played both basketball and football.
He enrolled at the University of Michigan in 1910, receiving a degree in food and drug chemistry in 1914.
In later years, Weed suffered from a nerve disorder that took away the use of his legs.
George William Smith was an American football center in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins, the Brooklyn Tigers, and the Boston Yanks.
Inducted into the Alberta Sports Hall of Fame and Museum in 2007, as a member of the 1954-56 Edmonton Eskimos teams.
He played for San Francisco 49ers in 1955.
On a lathe the chuck is mounted on the spindle which rotates within the headstock.
Tom Deery is a former American football safety.
Price School Athletic Alumni Award” at the school’s 2009 Second Annual Crimson Award Ceremony held in Atlanta, Georgia.
Giles has also been a member of the St. Louis Rams, Calgary Stampeders, New Orleans Saints and Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
The Tide was ranked #1 in the country and led by All-America quarterback Joe Namath.
Wellington was a ball boy for that year.
MacTaggart later played with the Kitchener-Waterloo Dutchmen in the ORFU.
He was part of the Stampeders 1998 and 2001 Grey Cup winning teams.
He has straight black hair, which like Clark Gables, klnda' likes to fall down over his forehead.
He was an instrumental part of Vince Lombardi's wins at Super Bowl I and Super Bowl II.
Andra Bernard Franklin was an American running back in the National Football League from 1981 to 1984 for the Miami Dolphins.
He was inducted into the Boise State Hall of Fame in 1982 and is the only player in the school's history to have his number retired.
Box also played on championship baseball and softball teams.
He has also been a member of the Calgary Stampeders and BC Lions.
Jerry Robinson was a professional American football player who played wide receiver for four seasons for the San Diego Chargers and New York Jets.
Lunceford grew up in Tyler Texas, graduating from Van High School in 1952 and lettering in three sports.
As promised, the Tigers finished the season with a 2–5–1 record, dropped out of competition, becoming the first NFL/APFA team to fold.
Grant Shaw is a professional Canadian football placekicker and punter who is currently a free agent, looking for employment in the Canadian Football League.
Arda was considered the last surviving member of the 1922 Canton Bulldogs team, when he died in 1996.
He started for the Broncos in Super Bowl XII .
He played college football at the University of Utah.
Wheeler was born in 1918 in Hamiliton, Ontario.
However scheduling issues and game cancellations led to many of the Crimson Giants not being paid.
Joseph Patrick Cannavino was an American and Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Oakland Raiders and Buffalo Bills.
He played for the Washington Huskies football team from 1959 to 1961.
Alvin Wayne Andrews is a former professional American football linebacker in the National Football League.
Leo refused, and retired from the game.
In 1908 East coached the Erie Sailors and the Mansfield Brownies in 1912.
George was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1974.
He played college football for Weber State.
After retiring from football, he went to law school and was elected as a Michigan district court judge, where he served for more than two decades.
Joseph Eppele is a professional Canadian football offensive lineman for the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League.
Bruce Harper was an American football running back and kick returner for the New York Jets of the NFL.
Ferraro then moved to Montreal where he played for 4 different teams.
Phillips chose a business career instead, and is vice president at Bank of Oklahoma.
and owns a restaurant/bar called Wet Willie's in Atlanta, GA located at 2450 Piedmont Rd NE which opened March 5, 2010.
His two-year coaching record in football was 9-7.
He was a first team all Academic ACC member.
A graduate of University of Windsor, Walker joined the Riders in 1979.
In the show, Clovis coaches overwhelmed homeowners through their DIY challenges.
Today, Willie Irvin enjoys being retired and spending time with his two daughters and granddaughter in South Florida.
Hatanaka's punt return touchdown in the 64th Grey Cup was the first in Grey Cup history.
A native of Buffalo, New York, Kreinheder was a center for the Michigan Wolverines football team from 1920 to 1921.
He was son of Ted Nesser, a member of the infamous Nesser Brothers.
World War I was now taking place and these tankers were frequent targets for German U-boats.
He caught seven passes as a sophomore in 1991, as the Aggies won the first of three straight SWC titles during his Aggie tenure.
His main competition during those events, was his own brothers.
He worked as a radio color commentator for Giants games from 2002 until 2007, when he was replaced by former Giants linebacker Carl Banks.
He was originally signed by the BC Lions as an free agent in 2009.
Born in Montreal, Quebec, Legare played CIS football with the Montreal Carabins.
John Grattan O'Connell was a professional football player in the early National Football League for the Hartford Blues and the Providence Steam Roller.
He was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in 1979 and died in 1987.
Scott Redl is a former Canadian football offensive lineman who played seven seasons in the Canadian Football League with the Saskatchewan Roughriders and Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
After his football career, he became a member of the United States Secret Service.
David Roger "Steaky" Adams was a Canadian football player who played for the Calgary Stampeders.
Leypoldt died of a heart attack at St. Joseph Intercommunity Hospital in Cheektowaga, New York.
Rubbert is now a coach for Lower Cape May Regional High School
Barron Miles is a former professional Canadian football player who played for 12 years in the Canadian Football League.
He was an All-American halfback at Duke University in 1936.
He joined brothers Brian, Brad, and Kevin.
Peter A. Liske is a former American football quarterback, star quarterback with Calgary Stampeders in the late-60s and later a university athletics administrator.
After college, Brosky played professionally for one season, with the Chicago Cardinals in 1954.
Kepley has struggled with alcoholism and in 2000 spent time in jail for impaired driving, his fifth such offence.
During this time, Dunlap lettered in football, hockey and debating.
Christopher J. Thompson is a Canadian football cornerback who is currently a free agent.
In 1993, he joined Lions as Defensive Line Coach.
Vito Francis Ananis was an American football fullback in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.
Kenneth Wayne Harrison is a former American football wide receiver in the National Football League for the San Francisco 49ers and the Washington Redskins.
Frank "Pep" Leadlay was a star football player in the Canadian Football League for seven seasons for the Hamilton Tigers.
After that season, he was allocated to the Hamburg Sea Devils, for whom he posted fifteen tackles.
Mel Kiper had noted Lincoln in his list of top inside linebackers available in the draft.
William Lee Kizzire was a professional American football player who played running back for one season for the Detroit Lions.
Willie Alexander is a former professional American football player who played defensive back for the National Football League's Houston Oilers from 1971–1979.
On defense, he had a total of 8 sacks and 1 interception.
LoVetere lived in Watertown, Tennessee until his death.
Chris Getzlaf is a Canadian professional football slotback who is currently a member of the Edmonton Eskimos.
Shatzko was traded to Edmonton at the start of the 1967 CFL season, and played five full seasons for the Eskimos.
Evans was born in Fort Worth, Texas and attended Polytechnic High School.
He played college football at Iowa State University and was drafted in the 17th round of the 1964 NFL Draft.
Wahlmeier later served as mayor of Estevan, Saskatchewan.
He attended North Dakota State University, where he is also a member of their hall of fame.
He is also currently employed in the Millard Public School District, in Omaha, Nebraska, as a science teacher at Millard North Middle School.
He was a member of the undefeated 1971 squad that won the National Championship.
Aside from football, Art also a professional baseball player for the Philadelphia Athletics of the American League in 1915.
He played for the Brooklyn Dodgers during the 1940 NFL season.
In 1947, Carr-Harris played in eleven of twelve regular season games.
After his football days he was Vice-Principal at Queensway Christian College in Mississauga, and currently works in Calgary, Alberta as the Principal at Master's College.
Donnie Little is a former American football quarterback.
Wyant also served at one time as principal of the Greensburg schools before becoming a U.S.
Hopkins didn’t make the football team: he was cut as a ninth-grader under the coaching of his father, Andrew J. Hopkins.
He won the 2002 NFL/CFL High School Coach of the Year award for his work with St. Mary Catholic Secondary School.
He retired as the all-time leader in receptions and receiving yards in the Canadian Football League.
Eric W. Martin is a former American football wide receiver.
Raymond William Monaco was an American football guard in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins and the Cleveland Rams.
He played 38 games for the Als over 5 seasons.
The League championship was won in 1954; the team went to the Red Feather game in 1955 and were league finalists that year.
His defensive efforts helped lead the Saskatchewan Roughriders to a 23–19 victory over their CFL Prairie rival Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
In all, Wilson played in nine Grey Cup championships, the most by any player until his record was later tied by six other players.
In addition, he was the Rough Riders' punter from 1960 to 1962.
He also played in the National Football League for the Milwaukee Badgers and New York Giants.
He led the NFL with 53 kickoffs for 1184 yards in 1980.
He was signed by the Edmonton Eskimos on July 9, 2010 but later released.
He played football at North Dakota State University and Western Michigan University before enrolling at the University of Michigan.
Robert Charles "Bobby" Jackson is a former cornerback for the National Football League New York Jets, retiring with 21 career interceptions and 3 fumble recoveries.
Since then, eight other players have accomplished the same feat.
Walter Warfield Rock is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League.
He has also played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders
The 6-5, 230- pound bruiser helped arouse his team to a second half come- from-behind win that wiped out a 14-7 Navy lead.
Nuvraj Singh Bassi is a former defensive tackle in the Canadian Football League.
He last played for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League.
Currently, he is a salesman at Archer Volkswagen in Houston.
Lehew served as an assistant coach with the Canadian Football League's Calgary Stampeders from 1960 to 1963, and as general manager from 1965 to 1973.
Heydenfeldt returned to the U.S. after one season in Canada and joined the Air Force.
Brett Lauther is a professional Canadian football punter and placekicker who is currently a free agent.
KU Coach Pepper Rodgers said Zook "never played but full speed from snap one to snap hundred.
Hayden is currently director of the inmates re-entry program for New Orleans Parish Louisiana.
Karl McCartney is a professional Canadian football linebacker who is currently a free agent.
He won the Grey Cup with Toronto in 1950 and 1952.
Steve Hmiel was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
There's constant reminders of when you used to play.
He became the second former NFL player to come out as gay and the first to disclose that he was HIV-positive.
Kendial Lawrence is a Canadian football running back who is a member of the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.
Where he was selected as a member of the Huskies All-Century team.
In 1997 he signed with the New York Jets and played there through the 2001 season.
Donald “Mark” Seale is a former professional Canadian football defensive lineman who played seven seasons in the Canadian Football League for three teams.
He also played basketball for the Bearcats.
However, Wysocki instead took a job as a high school teacher and coach.
William Bryant, Jr. is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League for the New York Giants and the Philadelphia Eagles.
He still holds several return records at the University of Georgia.
He played college football at Bowling Green State University and was drafted in the thirteenth round of the 1966 NFL Draft.
Rauch made his professional debut in the National Football League in 1925 with the Pottsville Maroons.
Prior to this, he went unpicked in the 2007 NFL Draft.
When Allegheny formed a football team in 1890, he took over the position of center.
He played for the Toronto Argonauts, Ottawa Rough Riders and Montreal Alouettes.
Erickson played college football at the University of Washington.
He played and coached both for Harvard University and in the National Football League.
He played CIS footballcollege football at the University of Manitoba.
Following the 2012 CFL season, he was released by the Stampeders.
He played two seasons for the Rock Island Independents and the Duluth Kelleys.
On July 2, 2016, Sewell and Mitchell Gale were traded to the Saskatchewan Roughriders for Shawn Lemon and a conditional 2018 CFL Draft pick.
He played college football for the North Dakota State University.
Michael Desormeaux is a professional gridiron football defensive back for the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League.
Born in Chaska, Minnesota, he played college football at the University of Minnesota and was drafted in the fourth round of the 1942 NFL Draft.
He played as a defensive back for eight seasons in the NFL.
He played college football at Miami University and was drafted in the second round of the 1963 NFL Draft.
Dawley played for Detroit's Pershing High School before enrolling at the University of Michigan.
He played college football for West Virginia Wesleyan College from 1912 to 1913 and was captain of the school's 1913 football team.
Robert Eeuwes [YOOZ] is a punter/kicker with the University of Windsor's varsity football team, the Windsor Lancers of Canadian Interuniversity Sport.
He managed in the minors from 1926 to 1927 and in 1932.
He played college football at Florida State.
He is survived by his wife, Marcy, two children, and three stepchildren.
Skladany later played in the NFL from 1978-1983.
Led the Miami Dolphins in rushing during the strike-shortened 1982 season, 3rd overall in the NFL, with 701 yards in 9 games.
Demond Washington is a Canadian football defensive back for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.
Dupont, Western Electric, Bell Telephone, Westinghouse Electric, Revlon, RCA and others.
During World War II, Kizzare was shot down on a mission near the island of Wewak, in the Pacific Theater.
He previously played junior football for the Junior Toronto Balmy Beach Beachers.
He was drafted in the seventh round of the 1984 NFL Draft.
From 1907 to 1910, he was the head football coach at Case School of Applied Science, now known as Case Western Reserve University.
At the time of his retirement, he was the winningest coach in Canadian university football history with 153 career wins.
He played one year for the Chargers, kicking two field goals during his rookie season.
Walter Scott Driskill was a professional football coach for the Baltimore Colts of the All-America Football Conference in 1949.
In all, Wedley collected six Grey Cup championships, the most by any player until his record was later tied by Bill Stevenson and Hank Ilesic.
He was selected by the United Press, International News Service, and The New York Times as a first-team player on their 1920 College Football All-America Team.
1983: 28 catches for 501 yards and 3 touchdowns.
In 1981 he had one QB sack, a pass reception for 5 yards and a 2-point convert.
Dr. Robert "Bob" Williams is a former American football player for the University of Notre Dame.
He played CIS football for the Saskatchewan Huskies.
Owens is the author of an ebook published in August 2012 with the title, It's All About Team: Exposing the Black Talented Tenth.
He won the Grey Cup with Hamilton in 1967.
Vaughn was inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 2011.
John Nocera was a professional American football player who played linebacker for five seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles and Denver Broncos.
He played college football at Northwestern State and high school football at Destrehan High School.
Angelo Raffin was a Canadian football player who played for the Montreal Alouettes and Toronto Argonauts.
Mr. Stansbury was inducted into the El Paso Athletic Hall of Fame in April 2015.
Robert Lee "Bobby" Thomason was an American football quarterback in the National Football League for the Los Angeles Rams, Green Bay Packers, and the Philadelphia Eagles.
He played college football as quarterback at the University of Nebraska–Lincoln, where he led the Nebraska Cornhuskers to consecutive national championships in 1970 and 1971.
Bidwell soon turned to Jones and the two began to discuss an offer.
He played college football at Allen University and was drafted in the tenth round of the 1965 NFL Draft.
Nick Speegle is a National Football League outside linebacker.
Bidwell would go on to buy the Cardinals from Jones for $50,000.
Lloyd "Bronco" Reese was an all-star and Grey Cup champion in the Canadian Football League and a National Football League champion.
On February 25, 2010, Armour announced his retirement after six seasons in the CFL.
He was also named to the Roughriders Plaza of Honour and to the Saskatchewan Sports Hall of Fame.
He played college football at Shepherd University and was drafted in the 12th round of the 1979 NFL Draft by the Houston Oilers.
Frank Bernard Sinkovitz was an American football center and linebacker who played six seasons in the National Football League.
Merrow played collegiately for the West Virginia Mountaineers.
He is survived by 5 sons, including Cedric Ferdinand, former Concordia University Stingers running back.
He was named as a first-team All Pro player by at least one selector for five consecutive years from 1922 to 1926.
Shawn A. Mayer is a former professional American football defensive back, and currently a Player Development Coach at Rutgers University.
George Fleming was a multi-position college football player for the Washington Huskies.
After retiring from professional football, he returned to the Windsor AKO Fratmen as head coach between 1967 and 1969.
Hubert Thomas Wiggs was a professional American football player and coach who played offensive lineman for three seasons for the Louisville Brecks.
He won one Grey Cup for the Lions.
Due to the fame of his son, actor William G. Nunn III, he was also known as Bill Nunn Sr.
Hale then served as the sixth head football coach at Ohio State University from 1902–1903, compiling a record of 14–5–2.
He was a Grey Cup champion three times: 1968, 1969 and 1973.
Around 1987 Fred's daughter, Vera, tried to get the city of Columbus to name a street for the Nesser Brothers.
Roy Jenson was a Canadian American actor.
Motley and fellow black teammate Bill Willis contended with racism throughout their careers.
He went to the Pro Bowl after the 1990 season as a special teams player.
He played college football at the guard and center positions for Adrian College in 1890 and for the University of Michigan from 1894 to 1896.
Roger Zatkoff is a former American football player and businessman.
), played 7 seasons in the NFL, all with the Chicago Cardinals.
PERSONAL After his playing career, in 1987 he became a police officer for the Miami Dade Police Department retiring as a Sergeant in 2012.
He played college football at the University of Arkansas and University of Louisiana at Monroe.
He played for the Rams from 1962 to 1964, following his career in Canadian football.
Cedeno Patrick is an indoor American football defensive back who is currently a free agent.
Chris Smith is a former professional gridiron football safety.
He played college football with the Alberta Golden Bears.
He played college football at Liberty University.
Freeman suggested that the Winnipeg club used high pressure tactics in their contract negotiations.
Curry was also a member of the San Francisco 49ers, San Jose SaberCats of the Arena League, Toronto Argonauts, and Edmonton Eskimos.
Bernard Eugene Custis was an American and Canadian football player who went on to a distinguished coaching career.
Most football experts agree that the snap on the play was perfect and not a factor in the kick being missed.
Randy Chevrier is a Canadian football long snapper who is currently a free agent.
He was drafted by Team Alabama of the AAFL in 2008.
Rick Worman is a former American football quarterback and coach.
He was born in St. Jo, Texas, and attended the University of Texas.
He played CIS football at Acadia University.
He was drafted by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers in the third round with the 17th overall pick in the 1999 CFL Draft.
Matt Bucknor is a professional Canadian football cornerback for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League.
He was drafted by the Calgary Stampeders in the third round of the 2009 CFL Draft.
Milton Collins is a former Canadian football defensive back who played in the Canadian Football League.
He attended Rutherford B. Hayes High School and played college football at the Ohio State University.
He was killed on November 11, 1919 during the Centralia Massacre in Washington State.
He was the starting quarterback for the 1965 Michigan Wolverines football team and played seven seasons in the Canadian Football League.
As of February 14, 2017, he joined the Alouettes.
In September 1962, he died from a heart attack at his home on East 77th Street after returning home from eating out.
After college, he played professional football with the Cleveland Rams in the National Football League before joining the Army.
Frederick Maxmilian Boensch was an American football guard in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.
He remained there until February 1955 and was hired as an end coach at the University of Nebraska the following month.
[1] He finished 6th all time in passing yards and 3rd in completion percentage.
He played four seasons in APFA/NFL split between the Rock Island Independents and the Green Bay Packers.
Hal also played at the collegiate level while attending the University of South Dakota.
He helped the Rams win the 1967 and 1969 NFC Coastal Division and the 1973-75 NFC West.
He joined Ottawa in 1977 and played 96 games, never missing a regular season game.
He played in 62 games throughout his professional career.
Chappuis was a unanimous All-American selection in 1947 and was named the Most Valuable Player of the 1948 Rose Bowl.
Glenn MacKay is a professional Canadian football wide receiver.
Bud Grant convinced Hackbart to drop baseball and concentrate on a career in the National Football League.
Dale Messer is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for five seasons for the San Francisco 49ers.
Ronald Rusnak is a former American football player.
Wilson Faumuina was an American football defensive lineman who played five seasons in the National Football League for the Atlanta Falcons.
Con Kelly was a Canadian football player who played for the Edmonton Eskimos.
He played one final season, in 1934, with the Ottawa Rough Riders before his job transferred him to North Bay, where he took up coaching.
He played for the Atlanta Falcons and the Carolina Panthers.
Although urged to return by many, Fred returned to Kansas and earned his master's degree in Education.
Travis Lamont Hawkins is a gridiron football defensive back for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League.
In 2000, Narcisse coached for the San Antonio Matadors of the Spring Football League.
He was drafted in the third round, the second player drafted by the New York Giants, the 31st player taken overall in the draft.
He played college football at the University of Colorado and Mesa State College and was drafted in the fourth round of the 1985 NFL Draft.
In 1992, he punted for 4,760 yards with an average of 44.1 yards per punt.
Tom's father Ed Skladany turned down the Chicago Bears to sign with the Cincinnati Reds in 1945.
He was ordered to pay a $100,000 fine by U.S. District Judge Patrick Schiltz.
In his first game ever as an Edmonton Eskimo he caught an interception.
Marwan Hage is a former offensive lineman who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.
After helping the Yellow Jackets win the 1926 NFL Championship, he later joined the Pottsville Maroons for the 1927 and 1928 seasons.
Bio: Played high school football at College Notre-Dame as a DB.
He led the NFL in 1949 with an average of 6.0 yards per rushing carry and in 1946 with an average of 11.3 yards per touch.
He first enrolled at Northeastern Oklahoma A&M College before transferring to Oklahoma State University.
He played college football for the South Carolina State Bulldogs and the South Carolina Gamecocks.
He played college football at Virginia Tech from 1956–59.
He is also a two-time CFL All-Star and five-time CFL East Division All-Star.
Alvin "Skip" WalkerSeptember 11, 1954) is an American former professional football player, football coach and teacher.
He played CIS football for the UBC Thunderbirds.
The Legion won the game though 10–4.
John Martin Spirida, Jr. was an American football end in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.
He was signed by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers as a free agent in the spring of 2010.
Reynolds also played in the American Football League for the Buffalo Bills and the Oakland Raiders.
He played offensive guard for all 12 games in 1957.
His 93-yard return against Washington on Nov. 17, 1963, is tied for seventh-longest in team history.
Corey Holmes is a former professional Canadian football running back and the current mayor of Metcalfe, Mississippi.
He was the Rams' all-time leading rusher at the end of his playing career with the team.
Pete played against Stan in the Patriots' 38-27 win over the Saints at the Superdome on December 21, 1980.
Masters played in the NFL that year as well, appearing for the Philadelphia Eagles as a quarterback.
He moved to Canada in 1985, and played for the Calgary Stampeders.
Theodore Laux was a professional football player in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles.
He was originally a seventh round pick in the 2003 NFL Draft out of the University of Illinois by the Carolina Panthers.
He was a part of the Rams' Super Bowl XIV team.
He played CIS football for the Wilfrid Laurier Golden Hawks.
Steve Craig is an American football player who played tight end in the National Football League from 1974 to 1978 and played in two Super Bowls.
Geyer replaced Claude Reeds his sophomore year in 1913 when Reeds sat out a game due to an eligibility dispute.
Ninowski is married to Judith Ann Ohm.
Michael William Horan is a former professional American football punter.
Michael George Mitchell is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins and the New York Jets.
Wewak was the site of the largest Japanese airbase in mainland New Guinea and was subjected to repeated bombing by Australian and American planes.
He played junior football for the Saskatoon Hilltops.
Cory James Bird is a former American football safety in the National Football League for the Indianapolis Colts from 2001–2004.
He was cut by the team during training camp in 1958.
His overall coaching record at Lehigh was 5 wins, 6 losses, and 0 ties.
He actually didn't have a middle name, he was a junior, named after his father, Frank Williams.
After the 1976 Grey Cup, which Saskatchewan lost to the Ottawa Rough Riders, Hopson retired to focus on his teaching career.
Michael Harden is a former American football player.
After high school, he moved on to Southwest Baptist University in Bolivar, MO prior to transferring to Georgia.
David Rodney Lewis is a retired National Football League linebacker.
He listed his home town as Vandalia, Michigan.
He played college football at Lincoln University of Missouri and was drafted in the eighth round of the 1974 NFL Draft.
McNichol won East All-Star honours in 1953, 1954, 1955, 1958 and 1959.
He was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Houston Texans in 2005.
As a professional player, he played for six seasons for the Ottawa Rough Riders, Edmonton Eskimos, and Montreal Alouettes of the CFL.
He had his first start his rookie season against the Oakland Raiders where he finished with 17 carries for 74 yards.
Paithouski joined the Royal Canadian Engineers and served during World War II, receiving a Bronze Star from the American Army.
Schrontz then spent the next several seasons with the Massillon Tigers of the Ohio League.
He played most of his career for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.
He played CIS Football for the Saint Mary's Huskies.
Michael was born in Germany in 1979.
He was drafted by the Eagles in the fifth round of the 1997 NFL Draft.
He played college football for the Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders.
On January 31, 2008, Hitchcock was released by the Eskimos.
Billy Joe Booth played professional football with the Ottawa Rough Riders in the Canadian Football League from 1962-1970.
He won the Grey Cup with them in 1947.
Ulrich graduated in 2000 from Streamwood High School, where he won All-State and All-Midwest honors in football and also competed in the shot put.
Miller would go on to start all four seasons at Penn State, missing just one game.
He was placed on the injured reserve list without playing a game the next season, and was later waived from the injured reserve list.
William Jennings Gardner was an American football player, coach, and law-enforcement agent.
Jerome Paul "Jerry" Shay is a former American football defensive tackle for the Minnesota Vikings, Atlanta Falcons, and New York Giants of the National Football League.
Heritage Hills High School is known for such football standouts as Bruce King, Ken Dilger and Jay Cutler.
Hill has also played for the Las Vegas Gladiators, New York Giants, Montreal Alouettes, and Edmonton Eskimos.
Josh Maveety is a former professional Canadian football punter and placekicker for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.
Bill Gray played college football as a running back at Maryland State College, now called University of Maryland Eastern Shore, rushing for 4.6 yards per carry.
Tony Martino is a former punter and placekicker from 1988–2002 for four different teams of the Canadian Football League.
He holds the record for most punt return yards in a single game, set against the Atlanta Falcons in 1981.
Lonnie Dennis is a former professional Canadian football player with the Canadian Football League's the British Columbia Lions.
He played in Super Bowl XXXIII as a member of the Atlanta Falcons.
Even though he also caught 4 passes for 61 yards and a touchdown, Berretta represented a new type of player: the kicking specialist.
One voice was synthesized using the Sonovox system, but it, too, was recorded using the RCA System.
Adam Baboulas is a professional Canadian football offensive lineman who most recently played for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.
He played college football for the New Hampshire Wildcats.
Arguably his best season came in 1998, when he had nine touchdowns, eight receiving and one rushing.
Bruce Gossett is a former National Football League placekicker from 1964-1974.
Over the course of his career, Mitchell has broken several racial barriers and has had the opportunity to work with many icons of the sport.
In 1901 he was selected as a consensus All-American tackle.
He later moved to Pullman, Washington and was an educator.
However, the Flyers did win three non-league games before the season ended.
In 2004, he was named to the Professional Football Researchers Association Hall of Very Good in the association's second HOVG class
Clovis now works as a Manager for Farmway Foods, which is located in Burlington, Ontario.
Richard Ray Middleton is a former American football player who played linebacker in the National Football League from 1974 through 1978.
He played in the National Football League for just one season in 1944.
Alvin Clifford Roseborough was a Canadian football player who played for the Regina Roughriders and Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Married to Elizabeth Utt and father to two children: Garrett and Olivia.
Joseph Pernell Johnson is a former American football wide receiver in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins and the Minnesota Vikings.
He played college football for Delaware after transferring from Maryland.
Risher played collegiate ball for Louisiana State University.
Kusserow attended and played football at Columbia University.
He was also a member of the Houston Oilers of the National Football League, but saw no playing time.
For several years, Okeson continued to add annual selections to this list, described as "Originally Compiled by the late Parke H.
Tyrell DelShawn Sutton, is a Canadian football running back for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League.
He was in the United States Navy from 1943 to 1945, earning the rank of Lieutenant commander.
Marc was signed in February, 2010 by Winnipeg Blue Bombers and was a late cut in training camp.
The Broncos released him on August 30, 2006.
He played college football at Michigan State University and was drafted in the eighth round of the 1962 NFL Draft.
Lueck went on to play for eight seasons and retired in 1975.
He won the Grey Cup with the Lions in 1964.
He was a Republican candidate for United States Senate in 1988.
He played college football at the University of Wisconsin–La Crosse.
Tuttle also played for and served as head coach of the Toronto Balmy Beach Beachers of the Ontario Rugby Football Union.
He went on to play two seasons in the NFL – one for the Houston Oilers, the other for the Green Bay Packers.
Joseph Reed Abbey was an American football player.
Lorne "Boom Boom" Benson was an award winning fullback who played in the Canadian Football League for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers from 1951 to 1955.
After the war, Brown hired Collier as an assistant coach for the Browns, a team under formation in the All-America Football Conference.
Born in Montreal, Quebec, Bourgeau played college football at Boise State University.
During one such game, John, was picked to play against his own team and the Nessers.
Until their divorce in 1946, he was married to novelist Kathleen Winsor.
Donald Oramasionwu is a professional Canadian football defensive lineman for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League.
While Dixon played in only 76 games during his injury-shortened, seven-year career, all with the Alouettes, he is remembered as one of their finest players.
His son Lloyd also played for the Memphis Tigers.
He played college football at the University of Notre Dame.
Billy McGovern Stacy is a former American professional football player who played five seasons in the National Football League for the Chicago Cardinals/St.
Chukwuemeka Obi Egekeze is a formerAmerican football placekicker.
Kamphaus played high school football at Cincinnati's famed Moeller High School and went on to play college football at Boston College from 1986–89.
Jusdanis was also a member of the Toronto Argonauts.
Dick Cassiano was a halfback in the National Football League.
Sam Wilder was an American football offensive lineman He attended the University of Colorado.
During those same years, he played with Team Canada Junior to represent his country at the NFL Global Junior Championships.
Peach has also been a member of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League..
This ranks him 19th at Northwestern in total wins and fourth at Northwestern in winning percentage.
He played college football at New Mexico State.
Emmanuel Arceneaux is an American professional Canadian football wide receiver for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League.
Mike Lashuk is a former award winning fullback who played in the Canadian Football League for the Edmonton Eskimos from 1957 to 1963.
He attended Texas, and was a three-year letterman.
In four years of college football, White totaled 1,864 yards of offense for the Wolverines.
His younger half-brother is former Dallas Cowboys' offensive guard Leonard Davis.
In 1974 and 1976, he won the Dr Bert Oja Award as the Bombers' Most Valuable Lineman.
He was named a first-team All-American quarterback three straight years from 1934–1937 and was a consensus All-American quarterback in 1935 and 1936.
While playing university football, Clermont was named an All-Star and All-Canadian, as well as the Most Valuable Player in the Canada West Conference.
Garza tore his ACL early in the 1994 season in Winnipeg, and spent the next 8 months recovering from that injury.
The 1991 season was his only complete season; injuries sidelined him during portions of his other playing years.
He also coached the most wins for men's basketball in Bethune–Cookman history, having amassed a record of 397–427 in 31 total seasons.
A 5'9", 188-pound running back from the University of North Texas, Pegram played in seven NFL seasons from 1991-1997.
He caught 88 passes for 1,362 yards and 12 touchdowns.
He played five seasons for the Chargers.
Alex Bazzie is an American football outside linebacker for the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League.
With fellow NFL player Carlyle Holiday, the two were the only freshmen to make the varsity football team in High School.
He is distinguished as being the first Paraguayan to play in the National Football League.
Mike Vilimek was a professional Canadian football player who is currently retired.
He died in 2012; a park in Winnipeg is named after him.
He played college football at the University of Washington, lettering from 1958 to 1960.
He was a member of the 1935 Detroit Lions team that won the 1935 NFL Championship Game.
He played for Watsonians, London Scottish, Cambridge University, Scotland and the British Lions.
He played college football at Ferrum College.
He was inducted in the UBC Sports Hall of Fame as a builder in 2012.
During his three years as a starter at Michigan, the team compiled a record of 23-5-1 and were ranked No.
He collapsed while jogging in the desert outside Phoenix, Arizona.
He spent another two seasons in Ottawa as the team’s Special Teams Coordinator before joining the Winnipeg Blue Bombers as their Defensive Backs Coach in 2005.
Vaughan was born in Knoxville, Tennessee in 1911.
He states that he likes to block, but doesn't want Eric Dickerson running over him.
He was also inducted as a member of the Valdosta High School Hall of Fame in 2007.
He played college football at Cameron University.
He has also been a member of the BC Lions.
He was drafted with the fourth overall pick in the 2007 CFL Draft by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
In 2014, he was inducted into the Winnipeg Blue Bombers Hall of Fame.
In January 2014, a judge dismissed all of Hunter's claims against Wior and Fisher, and Hunter dropped his subsequent appeal in May.
He served as the Jayhawks' captain in 1924.
While he was a student at a private school in Connecticut, Knox was arrested and charged in May 1903 with assault.
His 1932 salary with the New York Football Giants was second highest in the entire league.
Bob Kraemer is a former award winning receiver who played in the Canadian Football League from 1971 to 1974.
David attended and graduated, in 1967, from Westbury High School in Houston, Texas.
In the latter position, he posted an overall record of 19-25, won the Missouri Valley Conference title, and was named Catholic Coach of the Year.
William C. "Whitey" Thomas was an American football end.
He signed with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats on February 15, 2013.
James Michael Weatherwax is a former American football player.
He also played football at the University of Alberta from 1962 to 1965, and basketball from 1962 to 1966.
It is notable that he was the first non-Redskins quarterback to accomplish this feat.
Simkus later formed All-American Lifeguard, a personal training service based in Warren, Michigan.
Chris Flynn is a former Canadian football quarterback who won the Hec Crighton Trophy three times with the Saint Mary's Huskies.
Wysocki was inducted into the Villanova Walk of Fame in 1994.
He served as an assistant football coach and assistant basketball coach at the University of Buffalo.
They met the Eagles once again in the 1948 NFL Championship Game title game now referred to as "The Blizzard Bowl".
He is a member of the Georgia Sports Hall of Fame.
Cedric Decorrus Jones is a former wide receiver who played nine professional seasons with the National Football League's New England Patriots.
Sean Tufts is a former American football linebacker in the NFL for the Carolina Panthers.
He traveled to Melbourne, Australia in December 2009 for the World Religions Conference.
He played from 1973 to 1983 for the Stampeders.
Jack Casteel "Teel" Bruner is a former American football Safety.
McBride scored 90 points on 7 touchdowns, 11 field goals, and 15 extra points in his senior year.
He was drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the 1st round of the 1975 NFL Draft.
Sandy Annunziata is a former offensive guard and Centre in the Canadian Football League.
Harrington Darnell Autry is a former American football player who played college football at Northwestern University.
Michael Reese Douglass is a former American football player.
Emanuel White is a former professional Canadian football defensive back.
Crowe grew up in Toronto and attended Danforth Technical High School, playing junior football there.
Willie Drewrey is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for nine seasons for the Houston Oilers and Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Carl Karilivacz was an American football safety who played eight seasons in the National Football League.
Ed was a member of two PAC 10 championships in football and one PAC 10 championship in track and field.
He was the first person to ever win this trophy.
Mac L. Percival is a former American football placekicker in the National Football League for the Chicago Bears and Dallas Cowboys.
Coehoorn played six season for the Eskimos, catching 211 passes for 2,376 yards with 6 touchdowns.
Keith Spaith was an award winning, Grey Cup champion and all-star Canadian football player for the Calgary Stampeders from 1948 to 1954.
He played for Michigan in 1983 and 1984 and in 1985 for the Orlando Renegades.
Alfred Sione Pupunu is a former professional American football tight end who played nine seasons in the National Football League from 1992 to 2000.
During his career as an outstanding tackle in the pro ranks, Kinard was a five-time All-Pro in his nine years of professional football.
Duncan's final year in Montreal was good, rushing for 823 yards and catching another 399 yards, but 1970 will always be remembered infamously.
Since 2014, WWE has attempted to establish Reigns as their next "face of the company".
David Thelen is a former Canadian Football League running back for the Ottawa Rough Riders and the Toronto Argonauts.
He also competed in the 4 x 100 metres relay at the 2000 Olympic Games, the 2001 World Championships and the 2003 World Championships.
Wilbur John "Bill" Sortet was an end who played eight seasons in the National Football League for the Pittsburgh Pirates/Steelers.
Mark Cotney, is a former professional American football player who played in 10 NFL seasons from 1975-1984 for the Houston Oilers and Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Redden is the president of the NFLPA Retired Players-Houston Chapter.
He spent his professional career as a successful stockbroker followed by a long career as president of a highly sucesfull energy company.
Hayes was an assistant under Charles "Bubber" Murphy for the Middle Tennessee State Blue Raiders.
A former wide receiver, he was drafted in 1987 by the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Leon Donohue was an American football offensive guard in the National Football League for the San Francisco 49ers and Dallas Cowboys.
Alex Sarkisian was an American football player of Armenian descent.
He also played in the Ohio League in 1919 for the Akron Pros and even recommended that Fritz Pollard join the team that season.
He also had 9 100-yard rushing games.
After leaving the military, Long enrolled at the University of Toledo.
John L. Doherty was a professional American football player-coach with the Cincinnati Celts of the "Ohio League" and its direct descendant, the American Professional Football Association.
He later founded the Kress Corporation, a manufacturer of heavy industrial hauling vehicles, in Brimfield, Illinois.
William Thomas Hutton is a former professional American football player who played punter.
The Yellow Jackets, with Homan, would go on to win the 1926 NFL Championship.
He played college football at the University of South Carolina.
David Julius Flick is a former professional Canadian football receiver.
He has also played in the CFL for the Edmonton Eskimos and the Toronto Argonauts.
Top Prospects is his Canadian company which now is home to Canada's largest database of high school football players.
Worley played for one season for the Seattle Rangers of the Continental Football League.
He played for Prospect High School in the suburb of Mt.
Mark Slater was a professional American football player who played offensive lineman for six seasons for the San Diego Chargers and Philadelphia Eagles.
Mike Wilson is a former American football player who played offensive tackle in the National Football League for the Cincinnati Bengals and the Seattle Seahawks.
He was a part of the Chicago Cardinals NFL championship team in 1947.
He spent the remainder of the Riders Grey Cup-championship season on the practice squad.
Amling was also a starter for the Ohio State basketball team.
He won the Grey Cup with Toronto in 1952.
He was then drafted third overall by the Argonauts and signed with the team on May 27, 2014.
Alan Zemaitis is a former professional American football cornerback.
He played college football for Centenary College and was selected as a consensus first-team All-American in 1933.
Pritula was born in 1922 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, but moved with his parents to Detroit as a child.
He debuted in the CFL with the Lions in 2011.
He played for Gordon Tech high school as a tight end and linebacker and was the team's leading tackler.
Eric Chipper, was an all-star and Grey Cup champion Canadian football player, playing from 1938 to 1950.
Larry Gordon was an American football linebacker who played seven seasons in the National Football League for the Miami Dolphins.
He wore #31 with the Chicago Bears.
In 1960, Griffing became the first general manager of the Denver Broncos, selected in part because of his known and needed frugality.
In the late-2000s, Ford acted as a scout for the Montreal Alouettes.
Eric Hall Dorsey is a retired American football defensive end for seven seasons in the National Football League.
He was selected by the Redblacks in the third round and 27th overall in the 2013 CFL Draft.
He played for the Los Angeles Rams, San Diego Chargers and the Atlanta Falcons.
He officiated in 546 CFL games including 15 Grey Cup finals.
When Ford returned from World War II, Goebel urged him to run for U.S. Congress and was part of the original Ford-for-Congress committee.
He previously played football with the Vaughan Road Academy, University of Toronto and the Toronto Balmy Beach Beachers.
Fiore grew up in Waldwick, New Jersey and played high school football at Waldwick High School.
Mike played high school football at Bound Brook High School in Bound Brook, New Jersey.
Michael Botterill is a professional Canadian football linebacker who is currently retired.
He played College football at the University of Minnesota, where he was an All-American in 1928.
He previously attended Queen's University where he played college football for the Golden Gaels and studied political science.
As an official, he wears uniform number 110 and is currently on the 2017 NFL officiating crew headed by referee Bill Vinovich.
He was the father of defensive tackle, Sam Adams.
Himebauch's first coaching experience as Offensive Line coach at Damien High School in LaVerne, CA and Palos Verdes Peninsula High School.
He was a two-time Kentucky high school pole vault champion who set a state record in the event.
He played 10 years in the National Football League for the St. Louis Cardinals, New York Giants, and Detroit Lions.
Nardacci was born in Youngstown, Ohio and graduated from Rayen High School in Youngstown.
Jonathan Adam Meadows is a former American football player.
Jesse Mims was a Canadian football player who played for the Calgary Stampeders.
He however injured his knee early in the 2006 season, missing the remainder of the season.
A fullback, he played college football at Princeton University and was a member of the Tiger Inn eating club.
On December 22, 1972, Patton was killed in an automobile accident near Villa Rica, Georgia.
It was not until 1997 that another Cornellian was drafted by the NFL.
The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette considered Seabright, who wore number 33, a star player during the championship run.
In 1975, he rushed for another 893 yards and was named Grey Cup Most Valuable Player in a one-point loss to the Edmonton Eskimos.
Birdsong made the Pro Bowl in 1983, but for an elite punter his professional career was short – by 1986, Birdsong was out of the NFL.
Harry Haultain Badger was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Earl Leishman Lindley  was a professional Canadian football player from 1954 to 1957.
He won the Grey Cup with the Stampeders in 1948.
Young played his college football at the Ohio State University and played two professional games with the Green Bay Packers in 1929.
Donald Clay Dohoney was an American football player.
He entered the College in 1893 at the age of 20.
During the game one sports caster jokingly asked if he could nominate Battle for most outstanding offensive player due to his interceptions.
He is considered one of the best linebackers to play for Boston University where he graduated in 1964 with a degree in Education.
Marshall ranks second all-time for receptions in Chiefs history behind Tony Gonzalez.
He played in four Super Bowls for the Bills, all losing efforts.
He was two-time winner of the Eddie James Memorial Trophy for top rusher in 1994 and 1995.
He played professionally for the Los Angeles Express of the USFL, and the Indianapolis Colts of the NFL.
He appeared as a tackle in one game for the Canton Bulldogs of the Ohio League, becoming one of the first African-Americans to play professional football.
He died in 1987 of heart disease.
Blair Smith is a Canadian football linebacker who plays for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.
He spent the first five years of his career with the Lions before signing with the Blue Bombers for the 2010 CFL season.
Shockley was an all-conference tackle at Southwestern Oklahoma State University in 1926 and 1927.
Kermit Joseph Alexander is a former American football defensive back in the National Football League.
As a pass-rush specialist, Teerlinck coached 31 Pro Bowl players including four defensive MVPs: Michael Dean Perry, Chris Doleman, John Randle, and Dwight Freeney.
Brooker played college football at the University of Alabama under legendary coach Bear Bryant.
He was elected into the Tennessee Sports Hall of Fame in 1997.
He played college football for the TCU Horned Frogs.
He holds the CFL record for most fumble recoveries returned for touchdowns after returning five blocked punts for scores.
He would play with the New Orleans Saints in 1987.
He played college football at the University of Colorado Boulder.
He played CIS football at the University of Toronto and attended London South Collegiate Institute in London, Ontario.
In 1949, he played in the All-America Football Conference for the New York Yankees.
Brandon DiAundre Rutley is a Canadian football running back for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League.
James Monachino is a former American football halfback in the National Football League for the San Francisco 49ers and Washington Redskins.
In 1976 he was signed to the expansion Tampa Bay Buccaneers, but was released after the first preseason game.
Kent Warnock is a retired professional Canadian football defensive lineman who played for eight seasons for the Calgary Stampeders and BC Lions.
He played college football at the University of Texas and was drafted in the eighth round of the 1984 NFL Draft.
He intercepted a John Elway pass that had been deflected by teammate Jeff Wright and returned it 11 yards for the game's first touchdown.
Binder also played for the Edmonton Eskimos.
He and his wife, Jo Lynne, have two sons, David Beverly III and Bryan.
Lebengood played for the Maroons for his entire 1 year NFL career.
He continued with the team after it relocated to Canada for six more years with the Montreal Alouettes, being named an all-star in 1996 and 2000.
Michael Francis Davlin was an American football offensive tackle in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.
He attended Tonkawa High School in Tonkawa, Oklahoma.
Thomas Marshall Miller was an American football end in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles, the Washington Redskins, and the Green Bay Packers.
He played in five Grey Cup games, winning four championships.
Bill "The Undertaker" Baker is a former defensive end who played in Canadian Football League.
He played college football for the Laval Rouge et Or.
Gass is a former Canadian football linebacker.
Jamal Robertson is a former Canadian football running back and kick returner who played in the Canadian Football League and National Football League.
Most famously, he led the Eskimos to two Grey Cup finals, in 1921 and 1922.
Benched in favor of Heisman Trophy winner Terry Baker in 1967, Kerbow left Edmonton to try out for the New Orleans Saints in 1968.
In February 2006, the football field at Drake Stadium, in Des Moines, Iowa, was named in his honor.
A brother, Ted Collins, also played in the CFL.
William J. Volok was a professional American football player who played guard and tackle for six seasons for the Chicago Cardinals.
Johnny Sand Meads is a former professional American football linebacker in the National Football League for the Houston Oilers from 1984–1992 and Washington Redskins in 1992.
Ernie White was a Canadian football running back who played 6 seasons in the Canadian Football League for three teams.
On January 2010, the Calgary Stampeders announced that Bauer would be their new chief operating officer and president.
Frank Rigney was an offensive tackle for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers in the Canadian Football League.
He played college football at Arizona State University.
Keith Ferguson is a former American football defensive end who played in the National Football League from 1981 through 1990.
A halfback, Kmetovic played college football for Stanford University, helping the team reach the 1941 Rose Bowl.
Arthur Lee Malone is a former professional American football running back in the National Football League for seven seasons for the Atlanta Falcons and Philadelphia Eagles.
He attended Saginaw Valley State University, where he played college football and studied finance.
After college, he practiced law in Chicago.
Cox attended the University of Alabama where he played at the center position on the Alabama Crimson Tide football team.
Freddie Meyers is a former Canadian football player who played for the Edmonton Eskimos.
He won the Grey Cup with Hamilton in 1953 and retired in 1955 due to injury.
William Howard "Bill" Kerr was a professional American football player.
Bert Louis Iannone was a Canadian football player who played for the Calgary Stampeders, Winnipeg Blue Bombers and Saskatchewan Roughriders.
Mike Lewis is a former defensive lineman who played ten seasons in the National Football League.
In 1967, he was inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame.
He grew up in Kent, Ohio and graduated from Theodore Roosevelt High School in 1968, where he was on the football, basketball, and track teams.
He later had a career in the insurance business.
The Packers claimed victory 24-23 in a comeback win over the Bengals at Lambeau Field where Favre threw for two fourth-quarter touchdowns to complete the rally.
He went into business in Sacramento, California.
In 1925, he set a school record by scoring 19 touchdowns, which led the nation that year, tying Peggy Flournoy's mark.
Edward Joseph Albert Kotowich was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
James McAden Peebles was an American football end in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.
He played linebacker for the Cleveland Browns, the Detroit Lions, and the Philadelphia Eagles in the National Football League.
He played guard and tackle for the Wolverines varsity football teams from 1920 to 1922.
He was the Offensive Line Coach at Santa Barbara City College.
After his football career ended Hall took up bobsledding, competing internationally for Canada's national team for several years.
He was signed by the BC Lions as an undrafted free agent in 2007.
Unfortunately he was traded to the Hamilton Tiger-Cats in 1975, his final season, this being the year the Eskimos finally won the Grey Cup.
In May 2016, the state attorney general asked the Hershey Trust Company to remove Senser and two other long-serving board members.
He appeared in Super Bowl XXI against the New York Giants.
David Black is a former offensive lineman in the Canadian Football League.
After graduation from Villanova, he joined his hometown Pottsville Maroons for two season in 1926 and 1927.
On May 1, 2017, at the age of 33, Perret announced his retirement from professional football.
The league lasted one season before folding.
John L. Bove was a Canadian football player who played for the Ottawa Rough Riders.
He played football and basketball for the Lower Merion Aces, and he played two years of high school basketball with Kobe Bryant.
He played CIS football at University of Saskatchewan.
In 1947 he played one season in the Pacific Coast Professional Football League, with Hawaiian Warriors.
He was a CFL Western Division All-Star guard in 2001, 2002, 2004, 2005, 2006 and 2007 CFL seasons.
Brooks has also been member of the Detroit Lions.
He underwent more than 20 surgeries for football-related injuries, including a foot amputation, which he attributes to inadequate medical care.
James Patrick is a professional Canadian football safety who is currently a free-agent.
He also is a receiver and special teams coach at Cheraw High School, as well as head golf coach.
Ronald Clifton Bolton is a former National Football League defensive back and current college football coach.
He was named National Strength and Conditioning All-American in 2004 and still holds many Northwestern weight room records including squat, bench press, and incline press.
He later spent four seasons in the National Football League.
He played in Super Bowl XV for the Philadelphia Eagles.
Tim Sims is a former professional American and Canadian football cornerback.
Paul Frederick Bennett is a former award-winning and all-star defensive back in the Canadian Football League and Grey Cup champion.
Ariri was born in Nigeria, and his middle name Chukwuma means "God Only Knows".
Brooker enjoyed two more solid seasons in 1964 and 1965.
Bob "Butts" Butler was an American football player who played at the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
Upon his return in 1945, he finished his collegiate studies at Auburn University in Alabama.
Joe Black Hayes died on December 9, 2013, aged 98, at a nursing home in his hometown of Murfreesboro, Tennessee.
He was signed by the San Francisco 49ers as an undrafted free agent in 2006.
Kerrigan played quarterback for St. Cajetan Grammar School in Chicago with fellow undrafted free agents Phil Carlin, Brian Murphy, Gil Lindgren and Tom Lusk.
He played college football at Howard Payne University and was drafted in the sixth round of the 1977 NFL Draft by the San Francisco 49ers.
His performance dropped off in 2004 and he was eventually cut from the team.
He was drafted in the tenth round of the 1974 NFL Draft by Buffalo.
Jack Thomas Finn was a professional American football player who played running back for one season for the Frankford Yellow Jackets.
Checkaye's franchise, the Muncie Flyers was a charter member of the league.
Douglas J. Smylie was a Canadian football player who played for the Toronto Argonauts, Montreal Alouettes and Ottawa Rough Riders.
Damon E. Mays, Jr. is a former American football wide receiver in the National Football League for the Houston Oilers and the Washington Redskins.
James Thomas Riggs is a former American football tight end in the National Football League for the Cincinnati Bengals and the Washington Redskins.
He served in that role through the 1967 season.
After two more season in Montreal he was injured and traded to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers, who released him.
Mazza did not attend college, but went directly to the pro leagues from Trott Vocational High School.
Bob Quinn then bought the Akron team and kept East on as manager for the 1907 season.
He was posthumously inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1973.
In his fourteen-year career he caught 521 receptions for a total of 8,203 yards and 50 touchdowns.
A native of Sheffield, Alabama, Franklin starred in football at Auburn from 1976–1980 and received a B.S.
One night in 1932, Jones and his wife were guests at an informal dinner party aboard Charles W. Bidwill's luxurious power-cruising yacht.
As a junior, Young played in two games for the basketball team, managing to score two points in a game against Wisconsin.
Gerald Sternberg was a Canadian football player who played for the Montreal Alouettes, Toronto Argonauts and Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
He left home for a four-year stay with the Toronto Argonauts, where he won another Cup in 1933 and was selected an all-star in 1934.
Antoine Pruneau is a Canadian football defensive back for the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League.
He played college football at the University of Nebraska.
He played for the Broncos during their run to Super Bowl XII.
Rivers has also written five books: The Vance: The Beginning & The End - an as-told-to autobiography of former Broncos wide receiver Vance Johnson.
He also played college football from 1889 until 1891 for the Penn State Nittany Lions.
Walter Dobler was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
He graduated from Warren Central High School in Indianapolis, Indiana.
He appeared as Lu Libble in Jack Kerouac's novel Maggie Cassidy, a fictionalized account of Kerouac's early life.
Burgess was a full-time starter for the next five seasons.
He played college football at Auburn University and was drafted in the eleventh round of the 1987 NFL Draft by the Chicago Bears.
Johnny Earl Roland is a former American football player and coach.
Perry played collegiate football for Wallace Wade's Alabama Crimson Tide football teams of the University of Alabama.
He played college football for Princeton University and was a consensus first-team selection to the 1916 College Football All-America Team.
Charles Elmer Aull was an early professional football player.
In 1953, he became president of Delaware State College, serving six years before transitioning to Hampton Institute, where he was president from 1960 to 1970.
Lions of the CFL, playing in 12 games and made 45 tackles and 4 quarterback sacks.
He played five seasons for the Rochester Jeffersons, the Detroit Panthers, the Hartford Blues, the Providence Steam Roller, and the Orange Tornadoes.
He played college football at the University of Arizona.
He taught history at Trinity College in Hartford and then became head of the history department at Milton Academy.
However, in 1919, Ball and team quarterback, Cooney Checkaye reorganized the Flyers and guided them to a 4-1-1 record.
He is the father of NHL player Taylor Hall.
He had played and won honors at Michigan's Kalamazoo College, and became involved with professional football in that state before coming to Evansville.
He joined the Alouettes Alumni Committee in late 2012.
He later played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders and finished his career in 1952 after 2 seasons with the Edmonton Eskimos.
Joseph John Kantor, Jr. is a former American football halfback in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.
He won the Grey Cup with Montreal in 1970.
He was enduringly known within the organization as the "Grey Eagle.” He resided in Chagrin Falls, OH much of his adult life.
Jelacic also played 2 seasons with the Ottawa Rough Riders of the Canadian Football League, including their 1960 Grey Cup championship season.
He played college football at the University of Maryland and was drafted in the fifth round of the 1967 NFL Draft by the Eagles.
He was inducted into the Virginia Sports Hall of Fame in 1997.
His father was Jay Roberts, a former tight end with the Ottawa Rough Riders.
Jovan Olafioye is a professional Canadian football offensive lineman for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League.
Ken Evraire is a former television journalist, host and former professional football league player.
Griffing died in 1998 in Sarasota, Florida.
Miles Gregory McPherson is the pastor of The Rock Church in San Diego, a motivational speaker, and a former NFL football player.
In May 2005 Anderson signed a contract with the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League.
He died in 2013 at the age of 71.
Camarillo attended El Rancho High School in Pico Rivera, California, graduating in 1977.
He was drafted fourth overall by the Argonauts in the 2000 CFL Draft.
Darian Bernard Durant is a professional Canadian football quarterback for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League.
While with the 49ers, Hazeltine was selected for the Pro Bowl twice, in 1963 and 1965.
He later was an assistant coach with the Denver Broncos.
He was a national class discus thrower.
Anthony Cline was an American football defensive end in the NFL for two different teams.
He also rushed for 224 yards against the Edmonton Eskimos on August 18, 1965.
He graduated with a Master's in Business Administration from Angelo State University while breaking every major passing record in school history.
His 15.9 yard per carry average is still an NFL post-season record.
McGruder was among league leaders being tied for third in the NFC with 5 interceptions in 1993 while playing with the San Francisco 49ers.
Brandon Isaac is a professional Canadian football linebacker who is currently a free agent.
Hajrullahu played CIS football at the University of Western Ontario and attended Governor Simcoe Secondary School in St. Catharines, Ontario.
As a junior, he was the starter for a majority of the 2006 season before losing his eligibility for academic reasons for his senior season.
He was nicknamed the "Golden Toe" and the "Ukrainian Gazelle".
Adrian Grainger Ford was a professional football player from Youngstown, Ohio.
Frank Trevor "Kootch" Hogg, Jr. was an American football player.
Bruce R. Van Ness was a Canadian football player who played for the Montreal Alouettes.
He played college football at Kalamazoo College from 1957–59.
Banas died in 1974 at age 67 in Gardena, California.
Sazio was born in Avellino, Italy and played high school football at Columbia High School in Maplewood, New Jersey.
James Guarantano is a former American football wide receiver for the NFL's San Diego Chargers and the CFL's Baltimore Stallions.
On that date, Smith announced that he was leaving Rogers Media for an opportunity that he just couldn't pass up.
Emilio Fraietta is a former Canadian football defensive back who played five seasons with the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.
Ulrich was named Northwestern University team captain in 2004 and earned All-Big Ten Honorable Mention.
At halftime in the locker room I couldn’t take off my helmet so I was packed in ice around my neck and helmet."
He worked as a civil engineer while playing with the Als.
He also intercepted a ball for a 20-yard run.
In 1986, the Seahawks moved him to right guard, where he started until his retirement after the 1991 season.
On October 12, 2009, Stewart became the Alouettes all-time sacks leader with 53 career sacks, passing Elfrid Payton who had 52.
He died on October 17, 2010, in hospital in Ottawa, Ontario.
He also caught 29 passes for 291 yards.
Bronko Nagurski Jr. was an American offensive tackle in the Canadian Football League.
Skip is also available for appearances and guest speaking events.
On August 18, 2015, Unamba was signed by the Saskatchewan Roughriders, who signed him to the practice roster.
Bill Mayo is a former American football offensive guard who played college football at the University of Tennessee and attended Dalton High School in Dalton, Georgia.
Pierre Desjardins is a former professional Canadian football player with the Canadian Football League Montreal Alouettes.
In 1935 he earned a graduate degree from Loyola.
Billy Bell was a Canadian football player who played for the Toronto Argonauts.
Johnson played one season for the Green Bay Packers.
John Jankans is a former Canadian football player who played for the BC Lions.
McNeill blocked a punt in Super Bowl XI.
In the early 1970s, Weed invented the WEED tennis racquet.
He received the University of Houston's Distinguished Engineering Award in 1999.
Tom Newton is a former professional American football player who played running back for six seasons for the New York Jets.
Massillon would go on to win the game by a score of 11-0 and clinch their first league title.
He finished his professional career with 79 receptions for 1,018 yards and 10 touchdowns.
He went on to a 10 season professional football career with the Calgary Stampeders and was named an all-star in 1953.
He intercepted ten passes and recovered six fumbles in his seven-year NFL career, and was part of the Colts' 1968 NFL Championship team.
He attended Louisiana Tech in 1987 until 1991.
He played as a safety for ten seasons in the NFL.
After being a Third Team All American at Wichita State University, Bob was drafted in the fourth round by the Green Bay Packers in 1964.
Tristan Jackson is a professional Canadian football defensive back who is currently a free agent.
He played college football for the Washington State Cougars.
He shares the Pro Bowl record for longest punt with Darren Bennett.
He is currently playing for the Edmonton Eskimos of the CFL.
Upon retirement, Mills credited former Hawaii teammate Nick Castrow for his success.
This was the first time a BC Lion had won an individual CFL player award.
This time, Hargett lost to Harrison County Judge Richard Anderson, who won 14 out of 15 counties in the Senate district, including Hargett's home county, Cass.
He was also the first head coach of the UCF Knights.
He signed with the Dallas Cowboys as an undrafted free agent in 2013.
After high school, Monsky enrolled at the University of Alabama where he played on the Crimson Tide football teams from 1935–1937.
Andre Sommersell is a former NFL linebacker.
Kelley was an All-American and the captain of the Yale football team.
He played college football at the University of Oklahoma and was drafted in the tenth round of the 1977 NFL Draft.
Rosatti died in 1975 at age 79 at his home in his hometown of Norway, Michigan.
He also founded Indian Springs Day Camp, a summer day camp in Chester Springs, Pennsylvania in 1959, which is currently family owned and operated.
A star at Colorado, he played five professional seasons as a running back from 1977-1981.
McQuarters was inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 1988.
Yet no team called in 2005 and Walter, who underwent surgery on his left shoulder in October, filed his retirement papers with the league.
Jarvis played college football at Norfolk State University.
He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1977.
He had two interceptions, forced two fumbles and had a sack.
Jay Langa is a Canadian football defensive back for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.
He defeated two other candidates, and became Premier November 1, 1985.
Curtis Chip Kell is a former center in the Canadian Football League and for the University of Tennessee Volunteers college football team.
He is a member of the South Dakota Sports Hall of Fame and Winnipeg Blue Bombers Hall of Fame.
Bob Isbister Jr. was an all-star and Grey Cup champion Canadian football player, playing from 1937 to 1943.
A graduate of University of Tennessee, Reese joined the Chicago Bears for their 1946 championship season, playing 3 games and rushing 18 times for 84 yards.
In 1929, Jones bought the Cardinals from the team's founder, Chris O'Brien for $25,000.
He was elected into the Virginia Sports Hall of Fame in 1976, and the College Football Hall of Fame in 1999.
Born in Jamaica, Jones was a stand-out player at the University of North Dakota.
They have three children: Dayton, Adam, and Elliott.
Norman S. "Norm" Standlee was an American football running back for the San Francisco 49ers of the NFL.
During his term, he chaired the university Student Affairs committee.
He played college football at the University of California and was drafted in the ninth round of the 1975 NFL Draft.
David Lamar Williams is a former American football wide receiver.
He graduated from Princeton High School in Sharonville, Ohio.
He played CIS football for the Windsor Lancers.
Four years later, Williams was inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame with a class that included former teammate and quarterback Matt Dunigan.
He recorded 16 sacks in 1972 when he was honorable mention All-NFC.
He graduated from Girard in 1951 and was inducted into the Girard Hall of Fame in 1997.
One of his daughters is singer Brittani Senser.
Both Annis Stukus and Bill Stukus were Grey Cup champions.
As a senior, he received honorable mention All-American recognition
He played college football at the University of Louisville and was drafted in the six round of the 1993 NFL Draft.
Suitor was a three-time CFL All-Star and a four-time Western All-Star.
After an outstanding season in 1911, he was elected captain of Adrian's football team for 1912.
Toews was a four-time Super Bowl participant and a four-time winner.
He played in Super Bowl XXXIV for the Rams.
Steve Finch is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for one season for the Minnesota Vikings.
He was an early proponent of the forward pass after the revolutionary play was added to an extensive list of regulations to college football in 1906.
Today, Newsome lives in his hometown, Cheraw, SC.
He played college football at the University of Oregon.
He also recovered his own fumble in this game.
He played college football at Appalachian State University and attended Mount Tabor High School in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
Bill Budness is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for seven seasons for the Oakland Raiders.
He played as an offensive lineman for eight seasons in the National Football League.
He was with the Bengals for eight seasons, from 1978 through 1985.
In 1973, Robert and his brother Billy started a seafood delivery business, and the next year, the family opened a Cajun Seafood Market.
He first gained attention in Michigan's 1939 victory over Iowa.
Joe Hollimon is a former defensive back for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League from 1976-1985.
He also played professionally for the Waterbury Blues in 1925, prior to the club's entry into the NFL in 1926 as the Hartford Blues.
He was an all-star in 1937, 1938 and 1939.
Borger intercepted 1 passes for 34 yards in his career.
As a professional player, he played for four seasons for the Montreal Concordes of the Canadian Football League.
He was part of the Grey Cup championship-winning Toronto Argonauts in 1983 and 1991.
Kurpeikis attended Pittsburgh’s Central Catholic High School where he was a high-school All-America linebacker selection.
In December 2012, Sullivan, along with former players Bruce Herron and Raymond Austin filed a lawsuit against the National Football League for their handling of concussions.
He is a devout Christian and currently attends Northwest Family Church in Calgary, Alberta, where he lives.
He was a part of the BC Lions 1985 Grey Cup victory.
He played with the Buffalo Bills from 1987 until 1991.
Ryan A. Schau is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles and Houston Texans.
Knox later served as the private secretary to his father while he served as the U.S. Secretary of State.
He was originally signed by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers as an undrafted free agent in 2005.
Nkeyasen was drafted out of college by Saskatchewan in 1999.
Rebuffing Paterno's request, Crist instead used his scholarship to play college basketball, where he played four years for the Nittany Lions.
He won the Grey Cup with Ottawa in 1960.
Robert Stephen "Duffy" Cobbs is a former professional American football player.
He won the Grey Cup with them in 1963.
He was inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 1966 and into the Canada's Sports Hall of Fame in 1975.
Robert Walker was an American football running back for the West Virginia Mountaineers.
He played college football at Indiana University.
Antwoine Sanders is a former American football safety.
Walker was Second Team All South Independent in 1984 and was First Team All South Independent in 1985.
In 2014-15 he was the receivers coach for Edmonton.
Larry Zierlein is a long-time American football coach at high school, college, and currently Assistant Line Coach for the NFL Arizona Cardinals.
While in the SEC, Freeman was prohibited from working Mississippi State games, as league rules do not allow officials to work games involving their alma mater.
He played for the Pittsburgh Steelers and "Card-Pitt", a team that was the result of a temporary merger between the Chicago Cardinals and the Steelers.
Jack Dickerson "Jackie" Parker was an American gridiron football player and coach.
Carl Leroy "Cully" Lidberg was a professional American football player who played running back for three seasons for the Green Bay Packers.
John Dudley Charlesworth was an American football player.
Although Fields resides in Miami, he is a partner in a Philadelphia restaurant, Halal Bilah.
He played college football at Pennsylvania State University and professionally in the National Football League for the Green Bay Packers and the Washington Redskins.
He was selected to the Pro Bowl after the 1980 season.
Bret was drafted in the 4th round, 25th overall by the Lions in the 1997 CFL Draft.
Gay played in the National Football League for the Detroit Lions and the Minnesota Vikings.
Most notably, he managed Middleweight Champion Gorilla Jones.
He played college football at Albany State University in Albany, Georgia.
He was the Calgary Stampeders' defensive coordinator from 2012 to 2013 and was also an assistant coach with the Edmonton Eskimos and Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
In March 1955, he was appointed by President Dwight Eisenhower as the General Counsel of the U.S. Army.
Jairo additionally coached football- first as a graduate assistant with Southern Cal Trojans helping with special teams and linebackers.
Wyatt James Copeland, Jr. was an American football player and college athletics administrator.
He was drafted by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League in the third round of the 2009 CFL Draft.
He played his entire professional career with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.
An All-American, he was drafted in the first round by the Chicago Bears, even though he was injured.
Washington finished his career with 6127 yards rushing.
After signing with the New Orleans Saints in 2002, Jacox appeared in 56 games - starting all but one - between 2002-2005.
He played college football at the College of the Siskiyous and attended Archbishop O'Leary Catholic High School in Edmonton, Alberta.
Bernard "Tiger" Clark is a former American football player, now Defensive Coordinator for Albany Great Danes.
Lapointe was also a member of the Montreal Alouettes.
Duhon played college football and college baseball at Tulane University.
André Bolduc is a former Canadian football slotback and currently an assistant coach with the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League.
He was named CFL All-Star in 1998 and was a part of one Grey Cup championship team with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats in 1999.
Jermaine Gabriel is a professional Canadian football defensive back for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.
Moore was shot and killed in October 1989, following a robbery outside a convenience store in Memphis.
Panelli died after a sudden illness on March 2, 2012.
Over four seasons, Fournier played in 45 of the team’s 46 games.
Les Strayhorn is a former professional American football running back in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys.
After his football days Berretta completed his education in orthosis and prosthesis and became owner of J.E.
Frederick William Cox is a former National Football League kicker who played for the Minnesota Vikings throughout his career.
Ron Meeks is a former gridiron football player and coach.
Dermott is an active Senior Coach for the Salisbury Sabres High School Football team in Sherwood Park, Alberta.
His father, Mike, played quarterback at Lamar University.
Wolfley was selected four times to the Pro Bowl as a special teams captain.
He played college football at the University of Cincinnati and was drafted in the ninth round of the 1959 NFL Draft.
In 1947, he was living in Hamilton, Ontario.
He played for the Baltimore Colts from 1970 to 1972 and the Detroit Lions in 1973.
He won the Grey Cup with them in 1960.
While on the Broncos he went to the Super Bowl but lost to the Gaints 39-20.
He played college football for Texas A&M University.
From 1999 to 2007, he served as the Detroit Lions studio analyst on the Detroit Sports Report, and later on Lions Live, on Fox Sports Detroit.
On February 26, 2010 Stan was traded to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers in exchange for import defensive end Gavin Walls.
In college, he played for Furman University, departing as the fourth player in school history with 488 career tackles.
He also played four games in the National Hockey League for the New York Rangers.
He is married to college professor Alice Rock, and lives in Williamsburg, Virginia.
He played college football at Brigham Young University.
Collins cites his desire to help his family as one of his biggest motivations to excel as a professional athlete.
Conover was the head basketball coach at Clemson for the 1921 season.
He played high school football at De La Salle College before attending the University of Notre Dame on a football scholarship.
He subsequently played professional football for six years with the Detroit Lions and the Cleveland Rams.
He played college football at Rutgers University.
He was drafted in the fourth round of the 2000 CFL Draft by the Blue Bombers.
He played college football at University of California, Berkeley.
William Arthur Renner, Jr. is a former punter in the National Football League who played for the Green Bay Packers.
Currently, David is the city manager of Denver City, Texas.
After graduation, Hamilton played professionally in the Ohio League, first for the Shelby Blues in 1913, and then for the Canton Professionals/Bulldogs in 1914 and 1915.
Jim Kanicki purchased the Arthur Louis Steel Company of Ashtabula, Ohio in 1985, and still maintains control of the business.
Godfrey visits schools in New York City promoting Christianity, pro-life issues, and sexual abstinence before marriage.
His best season was 1981, when he missed only two field goals from inside the 40, and converted on 21 of 25 field goal attempts.
Provost, remembered as being quiet, reserved and conservative, will not do interviews on this play.
He played college football for the Waterloo Warriors.
Kevin Powell is a former professional Canadian football offensive lineman who played 12 seasons in the Canadian Football League for five different teams.
Campbell retired as the CEO of the Edmonton Eskimos of the CFL in 2006.
In college, he played quarterback for the Regina Rams of the CIS.
He played college football at Clemson University and led the Atlantic Coast Conference in sacks in 2002.
Dick Brown was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Toronto Argonauts, and Montreal Alouettes.
In the summer of 1907, Akron owners', John Windsor and Ben Campbell, argued over retaining East as the Akron manager.
McGrath became Concordia's head coach in 2000 after serving for eight years as the team's offensive coordinator.
James Edward Bostic is a former American football running back, played football at Auburn University, in the NFL for the Philadelphia Eagles, and the defunct XFL.
Darryl Pollard is a former professional American football player who played cornerback for seven seasons in the National Football League.
His daughter Jenna Lee is a former anchor for Fox Business Network, and is now an anchor on Fox News Channel.
Keith G. Birlem was an American football end in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins and Chicago Cardinals.
He helped the Eagles win the 1948 and 1949 NFL Championships.
He kicked two field goals and blocked a punt which he recovered for a touchdown.
Louis Matthew Gilbert was an American football player.
Since his departure from WUSA, he has gone into different ventures, many of which keep him closely associated with his alma mater.
As a result of the lawsuit, the National Football League mandated that all stadiums had to be equipped with X-Ray machines.
Kabat was inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 1966.
Rivers' KHOW show focused more on topical issues than sports, as did his Rocky Mountain News column during the same period.
Taras spent his entire 16-year career with the Lions as a fullback and offensive lineman, and played on two Grey Cup championship teams with the club.
Fieldgate's #75 jersey is one of eight numbers retired by the BC Lions.
He went on to sign with the Bucs practice squad, but was later released.
Tom played for the Charlotte Hornets in 1975 until the league folded in the twelfth week of the season on October 22, 1975.
He then played for the Orlando Renegades of the USFL in 1985.
He was signed as an undrafted free agent out of Brigham Young University.
He won a Grey Cup with the Stampeders in 2001 and 2008.
Lathe work whose workholding involves chucking individual slugs or blanks is often called chucking work, in contrast to bar work or bar feed work.
George O. Paskvan was a former fullback/defensive back in the National Football League who only played 7 games for the Green Bay Packers.
Marshall became just that, and by the time he called it quits, he had caught 416 passes for 6,545 yards.
Ink Williams earned his nickname by his ability to get the signatures of talented African-American musicians on recording contracts.
He was also outstanding in basketball and track.
Richard Michael "Dick" Norman is a former American football quarterback.
He is best known for portraying Sergeant/Detective "Duke" Lukela on the crime drama Hawaii Five-O.
Robin James Rubick is a former NFL Tight End for the Detroit Lions.
He was an 11th round selection in the 1980 NFL Draft by the Detroit Lions out of Purdue University.
Madison "Bert" Pearson was a professional American football player.
He also played 4 regular season games with the Toronto Argonauts and 3 regular season games with the Montreal Alouettes, both in 1999.
Jim Quondamatteo, a lifelong resident of Hamilton, Ontario, was a championship offensive guard for three professional Canadian football teams.
Please accept this gift as a reminder of my admiration...best of luck with your appeal.
Born in Victoria, British Columbia, he played for the Calgary Bronks and Calgary Stampeders.
Eddie Steele is a professional Canadian football defensive tackle for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League.
He played college football at Washington State University and was drafted in the sixth round of the 1982 NFL Draft.
"Moxie" Dalton was a blocking back in the National Football League.
Devon Bailey is a Canadian football wide receiver for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League.
As a result, players of Tecmo Super Bowl frequently agree not to use the play.
He was also playing coach of the Tigers and Indians.
The Stampeders slide would continue in 1981, which likely led to Johnson being traded after 12 games to the Montreal Alouettes on October 11, 1981.
He played college football at the University of North Carolina.
Wedley would go on to coach junior football, starting with the ORFU Oshawa Raiders intermediate team in 1953.
He played college football for the Montreal Carabins.
Such a match-up would not draw many fans, or gate receipts.
He played college football at Auburn University and attended Robert E. Lee High School in Montgomery, Alabama.
Logan later worked as an insurance agent in Hamilton.
After his football career he taught at South Gwinnett High School located in Snellville, Georgia and died there at age 67.
James W. Garrett is a former American football player, coach, and scout.
Spencer Lee Thomas is a former American football safety in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins and the Baltimore Colts.
Thereafter, he enrolled at Louisiana Tech University in Ruston, where he played for the Bulldogs.
He was named New York's outstanding offensive player in the game.
John Samuel Pergine is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League for the Los Angeles Rams and the Washington Redskins.
He played for the Cincinnati Bengals from 1984 until 1991.
Boris Kotoff is a former Canadian football player who played for the Ottawa Rough Riders.
Since being retired from the NFL, Walczak has shifted his focus to building a successful Real Estate company, Az Real Estate Advisors, llc in Scottsdale Arizona.
The St. Louis university players shoot the ball hard and accurately to the man who is to receive it ...
In his 7-year career, he played all regular season games 5 times.
In his Christian testimony, Tilley said, "When I put God first in my life, my football career boomed."
He missed 3 games, the only games missed in his 49er career.
He played NCAA football for the Hurricanes of the University of Miami in 2001 and CIS Football with Laval University.
Poole was selected by the Saints in the fourth round of the 1997 NFL Draft.
He previously played at the University of Georgia.
He participated in three Grey Cup victories in 1954, 1955 and 1956.
He was a member of the Brooklyn Dodgers.
Invited to Mini-Camp by NFL's New York Giants following the 2015 NFL Draft
Nelson was discovered at an open trial held by the Dallas Cowboys.
He played college football at Washington State University.
After retirement, he entered chiropractic college in Portland, Oregon at Western States Chiropractic College earning his D.C. license in 2004.
He died in his native state of New Jersey in 2013.
After leaving football, he became a state senator for Nebraska's 28th district and later ran for governor of Nebraska.
He played college football at Texas Christian University from 1945-1948.
He played college football at Kentucky State University and Miami University and was selected by the Cleveland Browns in the 1954 NFL draft.
Hoffmann attended Saint Joseph Regional High School in neighboring Montvale, New Jersey.
He played college football for Virginia Tech.
DiMeolo replaced Douds for the team's second season.
Anthony Barrett is a Canadian football wide receiver and kick returner for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.
Gordy played high school football at the former Isaac Litton High School in Nashville, Tennessee and subsequently college football at the University of Tennessee.
In the NFL, he was part of the Cleveland Browns and the Jacksonville Jaguars, mostly working on their practice squads.
John Miles Taylor was a Grey Cup champion Canadian Football League player.
He also attended and played football at McGill University.
In addition to playing quarterback, Caravatta also saw time as a kicker, punter, and holder.
DeMonte' Bolden is a professional Canadian football defensive tackle for the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League.
He played collegiate football at the University of Kansas.
He was interviewed by award-winning director Mike Tollin for the film Small Potatoes: Who Killed The USFL?, a part of ESPN's 30 for 30 film series.
Jeff Barnes is a retired National Football League linebacker who played for the Los Angeles and Oakland Raiders from 1977 to 1987.
In his first years as a Lion, he was plagued by injuries.
Jimmy Verdon is an American football defensive end who was most recently a member of the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
Robert Huber Hohn is a former professional American football player who played defensive back for four seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers
In 1993, he was selected to the East and CFL All-Star teams.
In 1946, suffering from knee injuries, he became a player-coach of the Charlotte Clippers semi-pro team.
He was one of the best high school running backs in the state of Georgia.
He won the Joe Clarke Memorial Trophy as the Eskimos MVP in 1962.
Jackson Milliman Keefer was an American football player.
Arnie Stocks was a Canadian football player who played for the Toronto Argonauts and Calgary Stampeders.
Anderson played football at New Madrid County Central High School.
He won the Grey Cup with the Eskimos in 1955.
William Gerard Vanderbundt was an American football linebacker in the NFL from 1969-1978.
He did not sign a contract with the Lions until shortly before the 1976 preseason.
He was 6 ft 2 inches tall and weighed 200 lbs, which was huge by 1957 standards, and played both offensive and defensive end.
He was co-MVP alongside Buddy Young in the 1947 Rose Bowl for Illinois, and was inducted into the Rose Bowl Hall of Fame in 1993.
Bob Steiner was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and Edmonton Eskimos.
At the end of the 1951 season, he was selected as the Most Valuable Player on the 1951 Michigan Wolverines football team.
His parents are Connie and Bob Ruether.
He was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame as a player in 1963.
After his retirement from football, Blaine focused solely on owning and managing the team.
After starring for the Michigan Wolverines football, where he once led the Big Ten Conference in rushing, he went on to a scandal ridden life.
Tounkara's brother Ousmane also played in the CFL.
John Raymond McCambridge was an American and Canadian football player who played for the Ottawa Rough Riders and Detroit Lions.
He was drafted 30th overall by the Toronto Argonauts in the 2010 CFL Draft.
He also brought the first Pizza Hut to northern Wisconsin from 1968–1979.
He was appointed Canadian Ambassador to Ireland in 1989 and named athletic director at Notre Dame in 1995.
He played CIS football at Acadia University and attended St. Paul's High School in Winnipeg.
Jerrott Michael Willard is a former professional American football linebacker in the National Football League.
Cliff Jackson is a former Canadian football player who played for the Edmonton Eskimos.
Edward John "Ted" Richards was a player in the National Football League.
Ray lettered in football from Anthony A Henninger High School.
Keith Joseph is a former professional American football running back in the NFL for the New Orleans Saints.
He played in seven NFL seasons from 1994-2000 for the Saints and San Francisco 49ers.
Anthony Lukca is a former professional Canadian football defensive back.
Jason Arakgi is a former Canadian football Linebacker for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League.
Leo Ezerins was a linebacker who played ten seasons in the Canadian Football League for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers and the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
Huckeba went on to be drafted by the Seattle Seahawks of the NFL, where he played for two seasons.
Francis "Reds" Bagnell was an American football halfback in college.
tight end from the University of California at Berkeley, Beasley was selected by the Minnesota Vikings in the 1967 NFL Draft.
He played college football at Jackson State University.
He served as the head baseball coach at Duke from 1953 to 1966.
He played college football at Bethune-Cookman University and was drafted in the twelfth round of the 1977 NFL Draft.
Robinson then played ten seasons in the CFL from 1981 to 1990 with the Saskatchewan Roughriders, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, Toronto Argonauts and the Hamilton Tigercats.
He played college football at Middle Tennessee State.
A hometown boy, coming from the Montreal C.N.R.
He played 4 games with the NFL's Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 2004.
Originally a wide receiver, he was converted to defensive back upon entering the NFL.
He played college football at the University of Texas.
He graduated from James M. Coughlin High School in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania.
He played college football at Northern Illinois.
Ernest Charles McMillan was an offensive tackle who played 15 seasons in the National Football League for the St. Louis Cardinals and the Green Bay Packers.
He has been a member of the Indianapolis Colts and BC Lions.
He also saw playing time in the Canadian Football League with the Toronto Argonauts and Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
Stanley played college football for the University of Michigan from 1990 to 1993 and was the Most Valuable Player on the 1993 Michigan Wolverines football team.
He played college football at Boise State University.
Ken Sluman was a Canadian football player who played for the Edmonton Eskimos and Calgary Stampeders.
From 1913 until 1915 the team won the Dayton City Championship every year.
Anthony H. Latone was an American football player of Lithuanian descent who played six seasons in the National Football League.
Chicago coach Joe Stydahar called Dohoney "the best defensive end developed in college ball in a great many years.
He has also been a member of the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Robert Schloredt is a former American football quarterback and coach.
In 1920, he played two games for the Buffalo All-Americans.
Bill Stukus was an award winning, all-star and Grey Cup champion Canadian football quarterback.
In 2005, Johnson was inducted into the WTSU Hall of Champions.
Lester Smith was a football player in the CFL for eight years.
In later life, he became a National Football League game official.
He was also spent a brief stint on the Toronto Argonauts practice roster in 2011.
In 2009, Stein conceived and began the first class action lawsuit on behalf of retired NFL players against the NFL.
Paul Dojack was a Canadian CFL referee.
In October 1916, he sustained a broken collar bone and missed the remainder of the 1916 season.
Robert E. "Bob" Stephenson is a former American football player.
Ambrose McGuirk was the first owner of the Milwaukee Badgers of the National Football League.
Murray was a quarterback at Texas A&M University and is currently a high school football coach.
Francis Richard Ziegler was an American football running back in the NFL who played for five seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles.
He works at the national law firm of Borden Ladner Gervais, and currently, and sits on the CFL Board of Governors.
Thurman finished his college career with 25 interceptions.
Bishop was a member of the CFL's Toronto Argonauts from 2002 to 2008.
He was selected as an All-American end in both 1906 and 1907.
As General Grey was deceased, the titles descended to his eldest living son Albert, then in his forties.
After retiring from the NFL, Adams became a physical education teacher.
He also played two seasons in the National Football League.
Ronald Paul Wolfley is a former American football fullback who played for the St. Louis/Phoenix Cardinals from 1985 through 1991.
Jefferson Davis Burkett was an American football player.
While on Kick Returns, Randle returned the ball one time in 1986.
In his first year playing professionally, 2008, he won the South Atlantic League pitching triple crown.
Commissioned on the battlefield while an infantry-man in Europe".
Born in Mandeville, Jamaica, Walters moved with his family to Toronto, Ontario at age 7, and then on to Edmonton, Alberta.
He never missed a game in the 12 years he played.
On February 12, 2014, Sewell signed with the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.
He graduated from Robert E. Lee High School in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, in 1967 and then attended Louisiana State University in the same city.
Francis Xavier Aschenbrenner was a professional American football player for the Chicago Hornets and the Montreal Alouettes.
He was inducted into Beaver County Sports Hall of Fame in 1976.
A Member of the 1977 Atlanta Falcons "Gritz Blitz" defense.
He was drafted 23rd overall by the Alouettes in the 2010 CFL Draft.
He went to high school at Booker T. Washington High School in Tulsa.
However, Nelson rejected Dallas' offer and signed for the Bills where he felt he had more of a chance of playing.
He has also been a member of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1974.
He started all 16 games for Indianapolis in 1986, but played in only four games in 1987.
He went to one Pro Bowl during his eight-year career, and was selected to one All-Pro team.
Luther Rashard Broughton, Jr. is a former American football tight end in the National Football League who played for the Carolina Panthers and the Philadelphia Eagles.
Serwanga attended and played football for UCLA, Sacramento State University and University of the Pacific.
He also served as the general manager of the Monarch Steel Castings Co., an innovator in the Solvay process.
Burley has done so much work for all gifted and talented middle and high school athletes.
He played college football for the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets.
He graduated from Duke University in 2005 with a degree in Mechanical Engineering, and is currently finishing his master's degree from the University of Waterloo.
He is, to date, the last tight end to earn first-team all-conference honors for the Aggies.
He appears in the music video for the Dire Straits song, "Walk of Life", doing an end zone celebration while a member of the Detroit Lions.
Bill Munsey was an American of player Canadian football who played for the BC Lions of the CFL.
William Thomas "Tommy" Brooker is a former American football player.
He was signed by the Seattle Seahawks, of the National Football League, as an undrafted free agent in 1993.
After retiring as a player, Curran served as a color analyst on Chargers radio broadcasts from 1978 to 1994.
Sean Whyte is a professional Canadian football kicker for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.
Allen graduated from Utah State University, where he starred as a cornerback.
Sherwyn Arthur Thorson was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
As a college player at Illinois, Young also played on the Fighting Illini basketball team.
Smeja died in 1982 at age 61.
He played five seasons in the Canadian Football League.
In 2016, he was named to the Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame.
He was inducted into the SMU Hall of Fame in 1983.
Samuel "Sam" Berger, CM FRSC QC was a Canadian owner of the Canadian Football League's Ottawa Rough Riders and Montreal Alouettes and president of the CFL.
Carl would later coach on Wade Phillips' staff in Buffalo.
Smith also coached football at Eastern Washington University, Wenatchee Junior College, and Montana State University.
He was the highest-drafted Boston College Eagles football player in school history until Matt Ryan in 2008.
He practiced lipreading in absence of his hearing and was able to talk normally.
Craig Hilary Walendy is a former professional American football fullback for the New York Giants in the National Football League.
Benson was selected to play in the 1986 Pro Bowl.
He also saw playing time in the Canadian Football League with the 1964 Toronto Argonauts.
Carl August Zander, Jr is a former American football linebacker who played for the Cincinnati Bengals in the National Football League from 1985 to 1991.
He was selected as a second-team All-American in 1918.
Morrison also coached the Carleton Ravens football team in 1948 and 1949.
For his contribution to the Rose Bowl game, he was inducted into the Rose Bowl Hall of Fame on December 31, 2011.
He played college football for the LSU Tigers from 1967 to 1970 and was a consensus All-American linebacker in 1970.
Gary W.C. Williams is a former award winning Canadian Football League player.
He attended the University of Miami, where he played college football for the Miami Hurricanes.
His brother Alfred held the world decathlon record while attending Arizona State.
During his years after the NFL he worked as a football coach, game official, and automobile dealer in Eureka, California.
He was drafted 13th overall by the Tiger-Cats in the 2011 CFL Draft and signed with the team on June 1, 2011.
William "Bill" Walker is an American former football and baseball player.
A year later, he remained in the AFL, and split the season between the Chiefs and the Cincinnati Bengals.
Ralph McAllister was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
He was a CFL Eastern All Star in 1980, 1983, and 1985.
He played college football at the University of South Carolina and was drafted in the ninth round of the 1977 NFL Draft.
Brendon LaBatte is a Canadian football guard with the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League.
A year later he was a member of the Franklin Athletic Club football team that was considered the "best in the world".
He spent three seasons as a linebacker for the Falcons, playing in 45 games from 1977 through 1979.
In 1967 Frank was appointed a Judge, where he remained until his sudden death on September 26th, 1993.
His son, Mike McEachern is a former linebacker at Western Illinois University and was drafted 22nd overall in the 2008 CFL Draft.
He was named Eastern All-Star five times and was a part of the Grey Cup championship-winning Tiger-Cats in 1999.
He was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in 2011.
He and his wife Eleanor have two adult children, Cara and Gregory II.
Tony Galbreath was an All-Big Eight running back for the Missouri Tigers in 1974.
Otis Floyd Lamson was an American football player and coach.
Daryl Townsend is a Canadian football defensive back for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League.
Geroy Simon is a retired professional Canadian football slotback who played 15 seasons in the Canadian Football League, twelve of them with the BC Lions.
In total, he rushed for 1309 yards, caught 28 passes and scored 12 touchdowns.
He was named to the Argonauts all-time team in 2007.
Ecuyer was a Western conference All-Star at linebacker in his rookie season.
Ken Draper was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Walton played college football at Iowa State University.
He was signed as a street free agent by the Charlotte Stars in 2008.
Karl Stuart Nelson was an American football offensive tackle who played professionally in the National Football League for the New York Giants.
He died in St. Louis, Missouri and is buried in Dodgeville, Wisconsin.
He was the son of John C. Widman and Lena Keifhaber.
Professional football player with the Calgary Stampeders from 1945 to 1952.
Though one of the lesser known NFL players, he was one of the most popular Yellow Jacket players.
Bruce Lemmerman is a former professional American football player.
On September 5, 2013, Horne left the Ticats.
In 2014, Abdul signed a contract with the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League and played three years for the Redblacks.
Sports Illustrated once called him "The Toughest Chicano."
Armstrong began his professional football career in Canada with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
John Sturdivant is a former American football defensive linemen who played five seasons with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League.
He was a two-time all-star and won the Grey Cup in 1995.
He was signed by the New England Patriots as an undrafted free agent in 2010.
He was signed by the Seattle Seahawks as an undrafted free agent in 2008 and upon his release, signed with the Alouettes that same year.
He died, age 52, in March 1976.
John Arlen Patera is a former American football player and coach in the National Football League.
Mahan is also a member of the West Virginia all-time team for 1919 to 1929.
He played college football at the University of Mississippi and was drafted in the sixth round of the 1967 NFL Draft.
He played college football at Michigan State University and was drafted in the second round of the 1963 NFL Draft.
Palmer is the son of former BC Lions linebacker Peter Palmer and former Canadian Olympic gymnast Jennifer Diachun-Palmer.
Gorden Bond Kelley was an American football linebacker in the National Football League for the San Francisco 49ers and the Washington Redskins.
John Popovich was a former American football player and coach.
He was even elected captain of the 1938 Notre Dame team.
Francis Stephen Rogel was an American football fullback for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the NFL.
He was one of the rare players to be All-American in both baseball in football.
Francis Louis "Jug" Earp was a professional American football player.
Zenon Andrusyshyn is a German-Canadian former Canadian Football League punter and kicker from for the Toronto Argonauts.
Quentin Hugh Harris is a former American football safety who last played for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League.
Beveridge played CIS football for the UBC Thunderbirds, and worked with former Coquitlam Cheetahs track and field coach Percy Perry on developing his running.
He played college football at Syracuse University.
He was part of the Cowboys' Super Bowl VI championship team in 1971.
He attended California Lutheran University, a National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics member and played college football.
Dale Potter was a star linebacker for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.
He played for the New Orleans Saints as a wide receiver.
He was drafted by the Tiger-Cats eighth overall in the 2012 CFL Draft and signed with the team on May 23, 2013.
He then followed Buddy Ryan to the Arizona Cardinals and was the offensive line coach for 1994–95.
Downey was also with the Atlanta Falcons in 2002 as a member of their Practice Squad.
He was signed to the Alouettes' practice roster on August 13, 2013 after Montreal released Ejiro Kuale earlier in the week.
A Langston University graduate, Hatchette initially attended Mercyhurst College in Erie, Pennsylvania.
William Frank Currier is a former American football defensive back in the National Football League for the Houston Oilers, New England Patriots, and New York Giants.
He was named to the Pro Bowl one time.
In April 2006 he approved a loan increase and extension to Hennessy Financial, LLC owner Jeffrey Gardner, who personally owed him 4.5 million dollars.
Russo has also been a member of the BC Lions.
He played college football for Rutgers University.
Tracy Gravely, a native of Kimball, West Virginia, is a former all star linebacker in the Canadian Football League.
He was drafted by the Montreal Alouettes, playing 48 regular season games with them.
In 2011, Mariuz retired from professional football.
He was given his diploma by President Theodore Roosevelt, who addressed Casad by his athletic, rather than military, rank: "How do you do, Capt.
McCauley played 11 seasons in the National Football League with the Baltimore Colts.
He was drafted by the Toronto Argonauts in the second round of the 1991 CFL Draft.
Albert P. "Al" Bruno was a gridiron football player, administrator, and coach who served as the head coach of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats from 1983 to 1990.
Anton Hans Jörg Linhart was an Austrian football player who later started a successful career in American football in the U.S..
He led the nation in several receiving categories in 1950 including a 29.3 yard average per reception, and was selected as an All-American.
Watkins won Grey Cup championships in 2009 and 2010 with the Alouettes.
Wylie was the winner of the CFL's Most Outstanding Canadian Award in 1962.
He played college football on a football scholarship at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Mueller is the grandson of former CFL quarterback and coach Ron Lancaster.
Swoope recorded a career-high 11 tackles in the game in which Robinson was injured.
Tyson Craiggs is a former Canadian football linebacker who played for the BC Lions, Montreal Allouettes and Hamilton Tiger Cats of the Canadian Football League.
Tim, became the sixth Roughrider to break the 1,000 rushing yard mark with 1,285 yards rushing.
Jim Hughes is a former Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
1987 found him with the Ottawa Rough Riders, where in 9 games he hauled in 39 passes.
In the spring of 2012, Hester became Athletic Director for Lake Worth Community High School.
He played CIS football for the Concordia Stingers.
Eric became the starting quarterback for the Cougar team upon his arrival.
Ask Russ Bolinger why I was carried off the field!
In 1986, the Republican Party again picked Hargett to run in another special election, this time for a recently vacated seat in the Texas Senate.
That year, he was the fifth ranked player in the nation in yards per rush and finished fifth in voting for the Heisman Trophy.
The team was very successful, and made the playoffs in 1979 and 1980, including the January 1981 AFC championship game.
A first-round pick in the 1980 NFL Draft, Cumby played professionally for the Green Bay Packers, Buffalo Bills, and Philadelphia Eagles of the NFL.
He later played for the Ottawa Rough Riders, and 7 games for the BC Lions, in 1977.
Aguirre was selected in the 16th round of the 1944 NFL Draft by the Cleveland Rams with the 163rd overall pick.
Leon Searcy is an American football coach and former player.
Jack Harvey Keenan was an American football guard in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.
He was most recently a member of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.
He was released on July 27 that year [1].
He then made his first start with the "Steagles" one day after being ruled 4-F by his draft board for poor eyesight and bad knees.
On September 1st 2007 the Colts waived him and the next day he was signed to the teams practice squad.
Furthermore, the absorption signals of different nuclei may be perturbed by adjacent nuclei.
He attended university at Harvard and MIT where he initially concentrated in economics with pre-med before completing his degree in archticture and environmental science.
He previously played junior football for St. Vital in Manitoba.
Smith's lawsuit was successful both at the federal district court level and appellate level and was eventually settled in 1979.
Collegiately, he played college football for the Cal State Fullerton Titans.
He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1992.
Zachary Pollari is a former Canadian Football League offensive tackle for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.
Garry Lefebvre was a Canadian Football League player with the Edmonton Eskimos and Montreal Alouettes at the wide receiver and punter positions.
Drewrey played high school football at Northern Burlington County Regional High School.
Nick Paithouski was an award-winning and all-star center in the Ontario Rugby Football Union.
He played his college ball at Tulane.
He gave Maurice Smith a chance to turn the foemen's desire to sock Wysocki into a Villanova advantage.
He played CIS Football with the Montreal Carabins.
Crossan was also selected in the sixteenth round of the 1963 AFL Draft by the Denver Broncos.
In 1951, Bright was named a First Team College Football All-American, and was awarded the Nils V. "Swede" Nelson Sportsmanship Award.
Bill Glass published a memoir called Get in the Game!
"Gus" Welch was an American football and lacrosse coach.
Fred Perry is a Canadian football defensive end who is currently a free agent.
Louis Cardinals, San Francisco 49ers and the Dallas Cowboys.
Doughty later built and managed Baltimore's famous Shake & Bake Family Fun Center in 1982.
He played CIS football at the University of British Columbia.
He is now a teacher at South High School in Bakersfield, CA.
He has also been a member of the Edmonton Eskimos.
Michael Van Praet is a Canadian football offensive lineman who is currently playing CIS football with the Western Mustangs.
In 1975, he became the Chairman of the CFL's Player Relations Committee.
Darrick Leonard Vaughn is a former American football defensive back in the NFL for the Atlanta Falcons and the Houston Texans.
Muhammad has three daughters, Khaleelah, Bekkah and Jean, and two sons, Ibin and Vincent.
He played on Michigan's undefeated 1947 and 1948 national championship teams.
His other friend was shot in the neck, surviving.
Kahn played for Boston in the 1935 and 1936 seasons.
Stephen John Pisarkiewicz is a former professional American football player who played quarterback.
He played professionally in the National Football League for the San Francisco 49ers in 1950 and 1952 and for the Washington Redskins in 1953.
He primarily played at the offensive guard and offensive tackle positions, although he also played as a defensive end and linebacker.
He is a member of the Canadian Football Hall of Fame, the BC Sports Hall of Fame, and the BC Lions Wall of Fame.
As of 2013, Shivers is a defensive assistant coach with the Toronto Argonauts.
He was also the national champion in the hammer throw in 1926.
Anthony Phillips is an American athlete and businessman who played football at the University of Oklahoma from 1984 until 1988.
He was signed as a free agent with the Chicago Bears in 2002.
From 1892 to 1893, he also played college football, while attending the school.
Timothy Brown is a Canadian football running back and kick returner who is currently a free agent.
As a back-up to Sonny Jurgensen, Theofiledes managed to see action in five games, completing 11 of 20 passes and throwing for two touchdowns.
Mitch Donahue is a 1986 graduate from Billings West High School in Billings, Montana.
In 1902, he played for the Philadelphia Phillies of the first National Football League.
Thomas Dornbrook is a former professional American football player who played Center and Guard for two seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers.
He was signed by the San Francisco 49ers as an undrafted free agent in 2009 and released in 2010.
Estay was a two time CFL All-Star in 1977 and 1980 and Western All-Star four times in 1973, 1977, 1978 and 1980.
In 1975 as a junior he was switched to offense and became the Bulldogs' starting left tackle as the team went 9-3.
Kepley played college football at East Carolina University.
Vic Bottari was an American football player.
Pikula died on April 29, 2015 in Brantford, Ontario, from cancer.
He played college football at Kansas State, where he finished second in the nation in scoring during his senior season in 1969.
He was selected by the now-defunct Ottawa Renegades in the first round of their expansion draft in 2002.
Dylan McFarland is a former American football offensive lineman for the Buffalo Bills in the National Football League and the Hamburg Sea Devils in NFL Europa.
Redwine was born in Los Angeles, California.
Alex Lincoln is a former American football linebacker for the San Francisco 49ers in the National Football League.
Adam Linger is most known for being the long-snapper on the "wide right" field goal by Scott Norwood in Super Bowl XXV.
Benjamin Harrison Southworth was an American football player, physician and surgeon.
He retired after the 1979 season, having appeared in 83 games and recording 13 interceptions and 6 fumble recoveries.
He finished his career with the Ottawa Rough Riders and Calgary Stampeders.
He won the Grey Cup with Toronto in 1947 and 1952.
He later became the president of Siskin Steel & Supply Co.in Chattanooga, Tennessee.
Edward J. Jankowski was an American football player.
Hamer won the 1926 NFL championship with the Yellow Jackets.
During Aldag's time as a member of the Saskatchewan Roughriders, he was named to the CFL's Western All-Star team 8 times.
Prestel was with the expansion Minnesota Vikings for their first five seasons, and then one season each with the New York Giants and Washington Redskins.
He went to one Pro Bowl during his 10-year career.
Among Picard's decisions was the Anderson v. Mt.
Rene Riopelle was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and Montreal Alouettes.
Ed Jones is a former defensive back for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League from 1976-1984.
When not playing football, Billups led a playboy life style, complete with the finest cars and an Orlando mansion.
Terry Lynn Brown played professional American football from 1969–1976 in the National Football League.
Beatty was born in Clarksdale, Mississippi and died in Tiptonville, Tennessee.
Joe Eugene RouttOctober 18, 1914 – December 10, 1944(1944-12-10)) was an American football player and World War II soldier.
Hobbs also played in the XFL for the Memphis Maniax.
However, in that same year the attack on Pearl Harbor occurred.
Marvin Lawrence "Swede" Ellstrom was an American football running back in the National Football League for the Boston Redskins, Philadelphia Eagles, Pittsburgh Pirates, and Chicago Cardinals.
Cline's father, Tony Sr., was an NFL defensive lineman for eight seasons with the Oakland Raiders and San Francisco 49ers.
Instead, he jumped to the Southern California Sun of the World Football League that season.
He collegiately played for Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils in the NCAA.
Bock did not return to the FXFL for 2015.
He is distinguished as being the first Lebanese to play in the National Football League.
Kirchiro was selected in the seventh round of the 1962 NFL Draft and played in the National Football League for one season.
During those years, the Utes owned a 21-3-1 record.
He was the starting quarterback for the Eskimos when they won the 103rd Grey Cup and was named the Grey Cup Most Valuable Player.
He previously played at Montana State University
James Tod Flower Jr. was a professional football player with the Columbus Panhandles and the Akron Pros of the American Professional Football Association.
He also served as an assistant football coach at the University of San Francisco.
Later, his mother and other family members moved in.
He was presented with a ring of honor for his achievements at New Mexico State University.
He won the Grey Cup with them in 1960, 1968 and 1969.
Edwin Bernard Kahn was an American football guard in the National Football League for the Boston and Washington Redskins.
Kashama was also a member of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Winnipeg Blue Bombers and Calgary Stampeders.
David E. Raimey is a former American football player.
Elmer William "Bill" Morgan was a professional American football player who played offensive lineman for four seasons for the New York Giants.
Hunter was the 10th player picked in the 1976 NFL Draft.
Along with Joe Krol they were known as the Gold Dust Twins.
Fausch talked briefly about restarting a new club for the 1923 season, but ultimately made no such effort.
He serves as a sideline reporter during USC football games for 710 ESPN.
The other is Fred Jackson, former starting running back for the Buffalo Bills.
He played college football at the University of North Carolina and was drafted in the ninth round of the 1988 NFL Draft.
Gal Mesika is an Israeli American football and association football player.
In 2012, Daryl Hobbs took over the head coach position with Robert E. Lee High School in Houston, Texas.
Fowler was born in Cleveland, Ohio where he played high school football for Glenville High School in Cleveland, Ohio.
Barrenechea announced his retirement on March 7, 2012.
Clair Branch played the positions of fullback and linebacker for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League from 1960 to 1963.
He was drafted by the San Francisco 49ers in the ninth round of the 1952 NFL Draft.
William Frank Clay is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.
He has also been a member of the Oakland Raiders, Pittsburgh Steelers, Edmonton Eskimos, Toronto Argonauts, and Carolina Panthers.
In 1983, he had three interceptions, and a career-best four in 1984.
He was selected as a first-team All-Big Ten Conference center in both 1969 and 1970 and was a co-captain of the 1971 Michigan Wolverines football team.
Shonte Peoples is a former linebacker in the Canadian Football League.
He played for WLU in 1975 and 1976, coached by Canadian Football Hall of Famer Tuffy Knight.
He previously played football at and attended the University of Toronto.
A three-sport athlete at Hammond High School in Hammond, Indiana, Brumm then became a standout lineman for Purdue.
Baker was an All-American along with teammate Bob Johnson.
Dwight O'Neal Johnson is a former American football defensive end in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles and the New York Giants.
Fox said authorities were called to a home on Stevenson Street on Saturday in response to what was reported as a home invasion.
He has five children, Faith, Samuel, Grace, Naomi and Benjamin who all participate competitively in sports among the country's elite.
His son Don Kindt, Jr. also played in the National Football League, as a tight end for the Bears during the 1987 season.
He was an assistant coach for the Giants during their Super Bowl XXV championship season.
Head line coach Dick Colman praised him for giving his teammates pep talks and boosting morale.
Wilson was drafted by the San Francisco 49ers in the 7th round of the 1993 NFL Entry Draft.
He later became the offensive line coach for several years at Oakdale High School.
Kenneth Donald Long is a former American football player.
He finished his career in 1983 in the United States Football League with the Tampa Bay Bandits.
Out of college, McClard was drafted in the 3rd round of the 1972 NFL Draft by the San Diego Chargers.
Cliff Odom was a former NFL football player.
Johnson led the CFL in passing for the 1979 season.
He also played for the Green Bay Packers, Detroit Lions, Minnesota Vikings, and the Buffalo Bills.
He played for the Los Angeles Express in the USFL, and the San Francisco 49ers in the NFL.
Following his college playing days, Wright went on to star for the Kansas City Chiefs.
1982–1985 Offensive Line - New Orleans Saints
He served in the United States Marine Corps as a helicopter pilot, initially flying Bell UH-1 Hueys.
A graduate of the University of Tulsa, Waugh joined the Calgary Stampeders in 1954.
He died of pancreatic cancer in 2013.
In 1924, he returned to Dayton for his final season.
While still a player, Rivers began working for KOA radio; he also wrote a sports column in the Rocky Mountain News.
Nearly 700 sailors and airmen were killed, injured or missing.
Allan Byron Morris was a Canadian Football Hall of Fame player and coach for the Toronto Argonauts.
Craig was drafted in round 3 of the 1974 NFL Draft by the Minnesota Vikings.
While the 1928 race was not a financial success, Pyle organized a 1929 "return" along essentially the same route, but from New York to Los Angeles.
He played high school football at Dangerfield High School.
He was re-signed as their defensive backs coach on January 17, 2011.
He played nine professional seasons as a cornerback for Tennessee State, from the 1969 American Football League season through the 1977 NFL season.
He was selected in the third round in the 2007 CFL Draft by the British Columbia Lions.
He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame and the Canadian Football Hall of Fame.
Wynn has also been a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Houston Texans, Atlanta Falcons and Baltimore Ravens.
He played college football for Princeton University, where he was a member of the class of '51.
Cam Fraser was a professional Canadian football punter who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League from 1951 to 1961.
For his career, Marshall played in 165 games for Kansas City and scored 35 touchdowns.
He returned to the USA in 1974 to pursue a career in Professional Football.
Anthony Barrette is a former Canadian football offensive lineman who played in the Canadian Football League.
Stanley Nelson Barnes was a noted American college football player, an assistant attorney general of the United States, and a United States federal judge.
Cleyon Laing is a gridiron football defensive end who is currently member of the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.
Angelo Anthony Coia was an American football end in the National Football League for the Chicago Bears, the Washington Redskins, and the Atlanta Falcons.
During his tenure, Jacobs compiled an overall record of 31 wins and 41 losses.
Following his departure from Hamilton, Dimitroff coached the Guelph Gryphons football team, where his son Randy was quarterback from 1982 to 1985.
He has 2 kids and 3 Grandchildren.
Norman H. Kimball is a Canadian former football executive.
Clack was inducted into the Wake Forest's hall of fame in 1981, and into the North Carolina Sports Hall of Fame in 2004.
Popovich was signed to "Card-Pitt" midway through the season, after he returned from the Army due to a medical discharge.
He played college football for the University of Virginia.
He played at the quarterback position for the University of Michigan from 1954 to 1956.
Hallman died in a Macon, Georgia hospital after surgical complications.
After retiring from professional football, he served as a high school principal and elementary school principal in the Salamanca School District.
He then joined the BC Lions late in the 2013 season.
Russell I. Tollefson was an American football coach in the National Football League for the Minneapolis Marines.
He later played in the World Series of Football in 1902 and 1903, held both times at Madison Square Garden in New York City.
His 91-yard run remained a New York Giants record for 75 years until it was broken by Tiki Barber on December 31, 2005.
Gordon died about an hour later at a Phoenix hospital.
He was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1948, for the 1949 season, but instead decided to play professionally in Canada.
After the war, Bevan pursued a career in business.
He played college football at Louisiana State University.
He and was a two-time college football All-American in 1980 and 1981, and the 1981 Big Sky Conference defensive player of the year.
In his first CFL game, he scored two touchdowns.
Jonathan Kimball Keyworth is a former American football running back in the National Football League for the Denver Broncos for his entire career from 1974-1980.
Robert "Rob" Lazeo is a retired professional Canadian football offensive lineman who spent 14 seasons playing in the Canadian Football League.
Margarita was the last Hoya football coach until 1964, when the sport was revived at the club level.
Gall also played in the Ontario Hockey Association for the Parkdale Canoe Club hockey team.
Kinard played in the 1938 Chicago All-Star game and was voted to the Southern Living South's Greatest Players Team.
Paul Scott Janus is a former player in the National Football League.
He played from 1994 until he retired after the 2007 CFL season.
Ken Mastrole is an American former football player.
However, he was released by the Patriots before the start of the regular season, and eventually signed with the Buffalo Bills.
Nicholas Anthony Lassa, more popularly referred to as Long Time Sleep, was a professional American football player from the Flathead Indian Reservation in Montana.
He spent his first two seasons on the Barbell Mafia, and his last on the New York Bling, the champion of the final season.
Wilson died of throat cancer in Weeki Wachee, Florida, on August 6, 2011.
Darryl Lamon Morrison is a former American football safety in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.
Adam Berger is a Canadian football defensive back for the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League.
After graduating from Michigan, Ponsetto became a dentist in the Grand Rapids, Michigan area.He married Mary Blynn Manley and had five children.
Mark Harris is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for five seasons for the San Francisco 49ers.
In 1958, as a sophomore, he led the nation in average yards per punt.
Richard Alan Badanjek is a former American football running back in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins and Atlanta Falcons.
I was playing free safety so I dropped back to the center of the field.
Keith Godding is a professional Canadian football wide receiver who is currently a Free Agent.
Ronald Baker is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Baltimore Colts and the Philadelphia Eagles.
He began a long association with Ottawa football in the 1984 CFL season playing through the 1990 CFL season.
He played college ball at San Diego State University and high school at De Anza High School.
Danmeier was inducted to the University of Sioux Falls Cougars hall of fame in 2000.
Douglas Alan Kotar was an American football running back for the New York Giants of the National Football League.
He is the son of College Football Hall of Fame and Canadian Football Hall of Fame running back Leo Lewis.
He also coached and managed the Edmonton Eskimos hockey club, taking them to the semi-finals of the Allan Cup in 1913.
On Thanksgiving Day, Roepke scored three times during a 34-0 Tigers victory over Wooster College.
He subsequently signed with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats on July 25, 2011.
He was originally signed by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers as an undrafted free agent in 2007.
He won the Grey Cup with Ottawa in 1969.
Lincoln later played college football for Auburn University before being selected as the ninth pick of the seventh round in the 2001 NFL Draft.
He was the starting quarterback and punter at Findlay High School in Findlay, Ohio, from which he graduated in 1980.
He also played in the 1926 American Football League for the Cleveland Panthers.
James Joseph FitzPatrick, III is a retired American football offensive tackle.
He is the cousin of former Dallas Cowboys defensive end Vontrell Jamison.
Richard F. "Dick" Vidmer was an American football player who played quarterback for the University of Michigan Wolverines football teams from 1965 to 1967.
He played college football at the University of Mississippi and was drafted in the fourth round of the 1966 NFL Draft.
Junior Bryant played his high school football at Creighton Preparatory School.
Brandon Alexander Jordan is an American football player who is currently a free agent.
Mark Vernon Temple was an American football running back in the National Football League for the Boston Redskins and the Brooklyn Dodgers.
He resigned as head coach on December 19, 2016 with a U Sports football record 196 wins and 315 games coached.
He attended Columbia Military Academy, from which he graduated in 1938.
He played minor league hockey as well from 1962-1970 in the EHL, WHL, AHL, CPHL.
Koman was a two-time Pro Bowl selection for the Cardinals in 1962 and 1964.
Though selected in the 1937 NFL Draft, Starcevich did not play in the National Football League.
He has also been a member of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Saskatchewan Roughriders, and BC Lions.
Lumbala was drafted in the first round, fifth overall by the Alouettes and signed with the team on May 27, 2013.
Anthony Lamar Romeo was an American football tight end in the American Football League for the Dallas Texans and Boston Patriots.
He played his high school football career at Wando High School in Mount Pleasant, South Carolina.
William Thornton is a former professional Canadian football wide receiver.
He was also named CFL lineman of the week for week #7.
George Charles Hughley was an American football fullback who played for the Washington Redskins and the Toronto Argonauts.
William Alan Munson was an American football quarterback who played in the National Football League from 1964 through 1979.
In October 1969, he scored four touchdowns in a 57-0 victory over Illinois.
He attended the College of the Holy Cross.
In 1897 he was named to the "All Western Pennsylvania Team" by The Pittsburg Times.
He was traded to Edmonton in 2011.
He played college football at Southern Methodist University.
He won the Grey Cup with the Tiger-Cats in 1965.
He later played college football for the Western Washington Vikings.
He intercepted one pass as a linebacker, in 1964, when BC won the 52nd Grey Cup.
Hare played college football at Gonzaga University.
He played CIS football for the Carleton Ravens.
He was a defensive back at Michigan State, and played four seasons in the NFL, splitting three seasons between the Miami Dolphins and the Buffalo Bills.
He played CIS football for the McGill Redmen.
The Chargers won the competition for Mr. Guthrie and signed him to a professional contract.
It is unknown why Hazlett benched Thorpe.
He played college football at The University of Southern Mississippi and was drafted in the second round of the 1968 NFL Draft.
He played college football at Auburn University.
Glamp attended and played football at Hurst High School, located in Norvelt, Pennsylvania.
William F. "Bill" Borgmann was an American football player and coach and businessman.
He has known as the premier Canadian College Draft expert and occasionally referred to by media members as the Mel Kiper Jr. of the CFL.
Following his baseball career, Workman played and coached in the NFL for the Cleveland Bulldogs and Cleveland Indians, respectively.
Talma W. "Tut" Imlay was an American football player who played two seasons in the National Football League in 1926 and in 1927.
Bass was voted one of the CFL's top 50 players by Canadian sports network TSN.
For the current Arizona Cardinals offensive tackle, see Oliver Ross.
In 1975, he was named second team All-American Football Conference by UPI.
He is also fourth all-time in career receiving yardage behind Geroy Simon, Milt Stegall, and Allen Pitts.
In January 1926, he also played exhibition games with Jim Thorpe and his independent team, the Tampa Cardinals.
Andy Livingston is a former professional American football running back in the NFL.
Christian Keener "Red" Cagle was an American athlete who was a three time All-American in football playing for the United States Military Academy.
He died of cancer on January 3, 2016 at the age of 67.
for the Kansas City Chiefs Hall Of Fame quarterback, see Len Dawson
During this time, Murphy also earned a masters degree in Education in 1981.
Harry March, dubbed the "Father of Pro Football", referred to Steinberg as, "one of the most elusive, fastest, slickest, shrewdest, and clean backs of the century."
In 1992, Smith won Super Bowl XXVII as a member of the Dallas Cowboys against the Buffalo Bills.
Aaron Kelly is a Canadian football wide receiver who is currently a free agent.
He is the son of former U.S. Representative Ron Paul of Texas.
Arthur Benjamin Skidmore was a Canadian football player who played for the Toronto Argonauts.
Rod Smith was a Grey Cup champion Canadian Football League player.
Morris M. Towns is a former American football offensive tackle in the National Football League for the Houston Oilers and the Washington Redskins.
He played college football at the University of Texas-El Paso.
Michael Cornell is a professional Canadian football linebacker.
He played college football at Stanford University.
Wayne Shaw was an outside linebacker who played twelve seasons for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League.
In 2000, Evans served a one-year suspension for violating the league's substance abuse policy.
He was drafted in the 1961 NFL Draft by the St. Louis Cardinals and played one season in the NFL as an offensive tackle.
The Raiders signed Stemke in August 2002, where he played in two games before being cut.
He graduated in 1978 with a BA.
In 1963, he led the Bears defense when they won the NFL Championship.
Taldon Manton was an American football fullback in the National Football League for the New York Giants, the Washington Redskins, and the Brooklyn Dodgers.
He was a consensus All-American in 1976.
Tom Brown is a former professional Canadian football player, and a former outstanding American college football player.
Shirk attended Marysville High School in Ohio before moving onto Morehead State University where he was a four-year starter and was the team MVP in 1972.
Daryl Turner is a former professional American football player that played wide receiver for the Seattle Seahawks in the National Football League for four years.
Garnell Wayman Wilds is a former American football defensive back in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins and Carolina Panthers.
In 1997, he was inducted into the Tulsa Athletics Hall of Fame.
He received a gold football the year of Super Bowl 50 for being on the Washington Redskins when they won the Super Bowl.
He played college football at Wabash College and at Yale University, where his play earned him All-America recognition.
After retiring from football in 1957, he pursued a number of business ventures in Canada including a beverage distributorship and a well regarded Steakhouse restaurant.
He is currently the Receiver/Tight End Coach at Adrenaline Athletic Training in Riverside, CA.
On February 20, 2009, Oramasionwu signed with the Blue Bombers and played for three seasons with the team.
He played in two NFL championship games for the Philadelphia Eagles.
Harvey Achziger is an American businessman and former professional football player.
Keith Lorenzo Goganious is a high school football coach.
He graduated from Michigan in 1970 with a degree in English.
He won the CFL's Most Outstanding Offensive Lineman Award in 1982 and 1983.
This provided maximum comfort and safety to the players.
Johnson was injured in the 1980 season, and as a result did not play in Super Bowl XV, when the Raiders defeated the Eagles.
He later became a lawyer in Hamilton.
Greg Montgomery is a former National Football League punter from for three teams.
He played college football at Ohio State University.
Ball choosing the Colts over the Jets influenced the drafting of Walton as Ball would have been used to replace Sherman Plunkett.
He played college football at Syracuse University, where he was an All-American fullback in the backfield with Heisman Trophy winner Ernie Davis.
He was a consensus first-team selection for the 1934 College Football All-America Team.
He played six seasons for the San Francisco 49ers.
In 2000, he played in 15 games for Calgary, and ran for 1,048 yards and scored six touchdowns.
He later became the vice president of the J. C. Widman & Co. in Detroit.
Akwasi Appiah, Ghanaian football coach of the national team
He played college football at the University of Minnesota and attended Skyline High School in Dallas, Texas.
He was originally signed as an undrafted free agent by the BC Lions.
Curtis also played two seasons for the Baltimore Colts which included the Colts' Super Bowl V winning team.
Edward Francis Healey Jr. was an American football player.
He moved to the Canadian Football League in 1959, playing for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and being selected an All-Star on the strength of his 3 interceptions.
Melvin T. Lunsford is a former American football player from 1973 through 1980 for the New England Patriots.
Snidow was first-team All-Pro with the Browns in 1969.
Joshua Dallas "Dal" Marvil was an American football player and coach.
He played high school football at Baker High School in Baker, Louisiana.
He won the Grey Cup with Winnipeg in 1935, 1939 and 1941.
He was drafted 24th overall by the Edmonton Eskimos in the 2013 CFL Draft.
He was part of the Grey Cup championship-winning Saskatchewan Roughriders in 1966.
Professor William Kirschner was an early football player for the Pittsburgh Athletic Club.
Williams attended Serra High School in Gardena, California.
His twin brother, Ray Baillie, also played in the CFL.
While at Purdue, Horstmann was a brother at Theta Tau Fraternity.
He played college football at the University of Kentucky and was drafted by the Baltimore Colts in the 1977 NFL Draft.
Wysocki first gained national media attention after an October 1937 game in which he scored 19 of Villanova's 20 points in a 20-0 victory over Manhattan.
Ascott primarily played the offensive tackle position with the Argos and was a part of five Grey Cup championship teams.
He played college football at Auburn University.
Obeck returned to the United States in 1957 to become the athletic director at New York University.
Roger Kettlewell is a former Canadian football defensive back who played four seasons in the Canadian Football League with the BC Lions and Edmonton Eskimos.
He shifted to left cornerback in 1977 playing alongside another future Pro Football Hall of Famer, Lem Barney.
Field was chosen as a second team All-NFL member his rookie season in 1934 by the Chicago Daily News and the UPI.
Jon Oosterhuis is a former Canadian football fullback for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League.
His community involvement became much appreciated throughout his career.
Phason was paralyzed from the chest down in a November 1998 automobile accident.
He played college football with Army and was selected as a first-team All-American in both 1913 and 1914.
Kurt Sohn is currently married and lives in Palm Beach Gardens, FL.
He later played in the USFL and won the 1983 USFL Championship as the starting center for the Michigan Panthers.
His son, Tom Krebs also played for the Edmonton Eskimos in the 1980s.
He last played for the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League.
He was first team Sporting News All NFL in 1964, 1966, All NFC in 1973, and Sporting News first team All NFC in 1973.
When McAdams signed with the Jets, it was the largest contract for a lineman until that point.
He concluded his professional football career as a member of the Dallas Texans in 1952.
Jones also played briefly for the Arena Football League's Albany Firebirds and the World League of American Football's Scottish Claymores.
He played college football at Bucknell University.
He spent brief stints with several NFL teams before signing on in the CFL in 2006.
He led East Carolina University in most interceptions for three seasons.
He played CIS football for the Alberta Golden Bears.
He spent his entire pro career with the Los Angeles Rams, as a starting cornerback, and wore #24.
He was given an opportunity to play in the NFL by Buffalo Bills head coach Marv Levy, a fellow Coe College graduate.
In 2008, he was named the host of Road Grill, a Canadian barbecue cooking series on Food Network Canada.
He played as a halfback in the National Football League for the New York Giants during the 1961 NFL season.
Akwasi Antwi is a Canadian football linebacker who is currently a free agent.
He was drafted by the Bombers in the third round of the 2013 CFL Draft.
He also returned 6 kickoffs for 176 yards.
Lawrence Andrew Cabrelli was a professional football player and assistant coach in the National Football League.
He played 11 regular season and 2 playoff games with the Scullers.
A member of the Panthers' undefeated national championship teams coached by "Pop" Warner in 1915 and 1916, Herron earned first team All-American honors in 1916.
His best season as a pro came during his rookie season for the Cardinals when he rushed for 1,018 yards and nine touchdowns.
He is a member of the Canadian Football Hall of Fame.
A year later he was a member of the Franklin Athletic Club football team that was considered the "best in the world".
James Richard "Dick" McKissack was a professional American football player and later a politician.
He attended the University of Western Ontario as a geography major and intends to pursue teaching.
Wes Chesson is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for the Atlanta Falcons and Philadelphia Eagles.
He then went on to college at the University of Maryland, where he played football from 1985 to 1988.
His coaching career began in 1979 where he was the offensive line coach for the Rice Owls of Rice University.
He may be best remembered for his record setting performance at the 1976 Texas state track championships.
Owens was primarily known for playing in the National Football League and also in the United States Football League.
He was an Eastern All-Star in 1989.
Instead, he turned directly north and signed with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
He was the starting safety in nine games for the 2001 Michigan team and a starter at cornerback in 13 games for the 2002 team.
Schnellbacher died aged 84, from cancer, according to University of Kansas basketball coach Bill Self.
Cliff Lewis is a former linebacker in the National Football League.
Keith Pearce was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
A star with the collegiate Minnesota Gophers, their team MVP in 1954, McNamara was drafted by the Cleveland Browns.
Luc Brodeur-Jourdain is a Canadian football offensive lineman for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League.
Steve's twin brother Dan also played in the CFL.
He most recently played for the BC Lions.
After playing junior football for the Calgary Bronks, Ron Allbright joined the Calgary Stampeders in 1956 and played his entire career with them until 1967.
He played for nine seasons in the National Football League from 1976 to 1985.
He played college football at Vanderbilt University and was drafted in the first round of the 1958 NFL Draft.
He returned for another tryout the following year and this time stayed on with them to 1964.
Coleman played his college football with the Western Michigan University Broncos from 1957 to 1959.
George Watson "Peggy" Parratt was a professional football player who played in the "Ohio League" prior to it becoming a part of the National Football League.
Ricardo Eugene Goltz is a former NFL and CFL player.
As a Golden Gael at Queen's University he was two time all-star.
John Beaton is a former Grey Cup champion defensive back who played eight seasons in the Canadian Football League, winning two Grey Cup Championships.
he had played then with marvelous players such as Jerry Rice and Joe Montana when playing for San Francisco.
Darren was small when he was at college weighing only 195 pounds, this is the main reason scouts weren't looking at him.
Bobby Dan Dillon was an American football defensive back for the Green Bay Packers.
He was born in Compton, California and played college football at UCLA.
He tore his knee ligaments in a game in July 1979, but returned the following year.
David Michael Nugent is a former professional American football defensive lineman for the New England Patriots and the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League.
Camryn is currently a leading executive in the professional staffing and recruitment industry.
He saw some success as a receiver, breaking 900 yards receiving on two occasions, but was best known for his work as a returner.
Tomur Barnes is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League for the Houston Oilers, Minnesota Vikings, and the Washington Redskins.
The agreement had a deadline for Halas to make final payment or lose everything he had invested to Sternaman.
He played college football for the New Hampshire Wildcats.
Leon Allen White, better known by his ring name Big Van Vader, or simply Vader, is an American semi-retired professional wrestler and former professional football player.
He was selected as the tight end on the all-time Indiana football teams named by the Chicago Tribune in 1993 and by Inside Indiana magazine.
Davie Mason is a former Canadian football running back.
Harry Hallworth "Hoge" Workman was a relief pitcher in Major League Baseball and a player-coach in the National Football League.
Jim Shipka was a Canadian football player who played for the Edmonton Eskimos.
After his football career, Kruger practiced law in Edmonton after obtaining his degree from the University of Alberta.
He was named a CFL Eastern All-Star for 1957 and 1958 while playing for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
He played college football for the Boston College Eagles.
He was the CFL’s leading rusher in 1960 with 1407 yards and the eastern conference leader in 1959 and 1965.
Trautman was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1999.
Alan David Risher was a quarterback in the United States Football League who played for the Arizona Wranglers.
Peterson attended college at the University of Montana where he played college football.
Mike Crumb is a former Canadian football safety who played eight seasons in the Canadian Football League with the BC Lions and Toronto Argonauts.
Leonardo Tremayne Carson is a former American football defensive tackle in the National Football League for the San Diego Chargers and Dallas Cowboys.
He played college football at McGill University.
He played college football for the University of Detroit from 1932 to 1934 and professional football for the Detroit Lions and Boston Redskins in 1935.
He also spent time on the Pittsburgh Steelers practice squad.
He played college football at Wenatchee Valley College.
He has two daughters Mary Alexis Jay and Skye Kathleen Jay.
He was named to the Carolina Panthers 10 Year Anniversary Team as a safety.
Gass attended Fresno State University and was an all-conference first-team linebacker in 1996 and 1997, leading the conference in tackles in 1996 with 150.
Reed, along with Mike Pringle and Johnny Bright, is one of the players most often mentioned as being the greatest running back in CFL history.
Grady Alderman is a former American football player and executive.
He played college football at New Mexico State University.
James Joy Miller was an American football player.
He played his college football at New Mexico State University, where he inducted into their Hall of Fame in 1994.
In 1945, the Lions loaned Dawley "for seasoning" to the Los Angeles Bulldogs in the Pacific Coast Professional Football League.
Carl Quince "Quincy" Armstrong Jr. is a former professional American football Center who played for the Cleveland Browns in 1954.
Richard Curtis "Richie" Davis is a former defensive back who played for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League in 1970.
He attended Bucknell University and later made his professional debut in the National Football League with the Frankford Yellow Jackets in 1924.
He has also been a member of the Rhein Fire and Toronto Argonauts.
Bailey, was a professional American and Canadian football player, primarily as a fullback and defensive back with the Canadian Football League BC Lions.
That year, he was accused of luring players from other teams and found guilty the following year, which was met with a brief suspension.
He kicked a then-NCAA record 60-yard field goal in 1970.
He retired after scoring 502 points, additionally catching 70 passes for 834 yards and 5 TDs, and 1 interception.
He was selected to four Pro Bowls, one as a member of the Cardinals and three as a member of the Browns.
He was then picked up by the Arizona Cardinals, where he played at both tight end and special teams.
His personal best of 20.19 seconds in the 200 meters was the second fastest time in the world in 1982.
He developed a reputation as an excellent forward passer and was one of the earliest Michigan players to have success as a passer.
He was a CFL All-Star in 1982.
He played collegiately for the Georgia Tech football team.
He also lettered on the baseball team.
He then spent four years in the National Football League – three years with the Washington Redskins and one year with the Green Bay Packers.
Alfred Lee Pollard was a professional football fullback and halfback.
He played as a reserve on the line during the 1924 Buffalo Bisons season.
He played CIS football for the McMaster Marauders.
Glen now teaches sports related and coaching classes at Mississippi State University where he was a standout kick returner.
He was signed by the Minnesota Vikings as an undrafted free agent in 2009.
In Seattle, Skansi was known as a dependable third-down receiver.
While at Michigan, Kowalik was a member of the Alpha Tau Omega fraternity and the Druids.
He played quarterback during the years Red Grange starred with the Bears.
In 2006, Young was voted to the Honour Roll of the CFL's top 50 players of the league's modern era by Canadian sports network TSN.
He signed with the Roughriders as a free agent on December 19, 2012.
He was most recently a member of the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Lance Chomyc is a former placekicker from 1985 to 1993 for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.
He was signed by the Houston Texans as an undrafted free agent in 2008.
In 2001, Bostic was the starting running back for the XFL's Birmingham Thunderbolts.
William Thomas "Bill" Osmanski was an American football player and coach.
Adams became a charter AFL owner with the establishment of the current Titans franchise, which was originally known as the Houston Oilers.
Walquist starred in basketball in 1919–20, 1920–21, 1921–22 and was picked as All-Conference guard in 1922.
In April 1965, Simkus signed a contract to play professional football for the American Football League's New York Jets.
He played five years as a quarterback in CIS football for the Laval Rouge et Or.
Jackson was the Illinois state champion in the 100-yard dash three years in a row for Bloom High School from 1956–58.
Lujack was the first of several successful quarterbacks who hailed from Western Pennsylvania.
Congemi served as a color commentator for the Big East Network from 2000 to 2011.
Not one to be content in retirement, he moved to the Piedmont area of the Palmetto State and formed a home builders group.
Swift Burch is a former Canadian football defensive lineman in the Canadian Football League.
He attended preparatory school at the Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts, and then enrolled at Yale University.
Fox said authorities began investigating and about 45 minutes later, received another call about a man, Worthy, being shot.
Bruce David Maher is a former American football safety in the National Football League for the Detroit Lions and New York Giants.
After his year with the Yellow Jackets, Mahan went on to a career as a prosecuting attorney in Brooke County, West Virginia.
He was also named a second-team All-American by the Associated Press.
Robert Marguesse Miller was an American football offensive/defensive tackle with the Detroit Lions of the National Football League from 1952 to 1958.
While at Cornell, he played college football at the fullback position for the Cornell Big Red football team from 1930 to 1932.
He played for the Seahawks in 59 games spanning 5 seasons.
Lirim Hajrullahu is a Canadian football placekicker for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.
He played college football for the University of Montana and University of Michigan.
He played two seasons of professional football in the National Football League for the Portsmouth Spartans in 1930 and the Chicago Cardinals in 1931.
He played 4 seasons and 69 games with the Lions.
Nelson "Nellie" Greene is a former award-winning Canadian Football League player.
William McGarvey "Bullet Bill" Dudley was a professional American football player in the National Football League for the Pittsburgh Steelers, Detroit Lions, and Washington Redskins.
He won the Grey Cup with the Rough Riders in 1951.
He was drafted 40th overall by the Saskatchewan Roughriders in the 2013 CFL Draft and signed with the team on May 30, 2013.
During his time at Notre Dame, Hunsinger was a member of the "Seven Mules" line.
He won the Grey Cup with Winnipeg in 1941.
As an NFL head coach, he compiled a record of 17–15–4 in four seasons.
He joined the Laval Rouge et Or in 2006 and was named Rookie of the Year and won the Vanier Cup in both 2006 and 2008.
On the train home, several Massillon fans took up a collection to pay for the medical bill for Roepke and his nose.
Hampton worked with jazz musicians from Teddy Wilson, Benny Goodman, and Buddy Rich to Charlie Parker, Charles Mingus, and Quincy Jones.
He attended Hanover Township High School in Hanover Township, Luzerne County, Pennsylvania.
He was drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the eleventh round in the 1962 NFL Draft out of Grambling State University.
From 1977-1980, Bright played running back, wide receiver, defensive back, and kickoff returner for the BC Lions.
Following the 2013 season Robinson signed a contract extension which plans to keep him with the Argos through the 2015 CFL season.
Being unwanted out of high school and college he was determined to keep playing football.
He played college football at the University of Minnesota.
His oldest brother, Jason, played briefly for Michigan before transferring to Stanford University.
"Ox" Himes, was a National Football League offensive lineman from 1968 through 1977 for the Green Bay Packers.
Stanley Batinski was an American football offensive lineman who played eight years in the NFL.
He was drafted in the 3rd round of the 1938 NFL Draft.
In 1973, he was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame.
Prior to playing professionally, Miller attended and played football at, the Carlisle Indian School.
John F. Kowalik, Sr. was an American football player.
Jayice Pearson is an American retired National Football League defensive back.
"Fast for all his 220 pounds, Wolff got downfield to nail punt receivers ... intercepted and broke up forward passes.
He later played with the Ottawa Rough Riders of the Canadian Football League.
He is a member of the Canadian Football Hall of Fame.
Jacobs played college football at Modesto Junior College and the University of California.
Currently, he stays involved in football by coaching offensive linemen at a high school in the Edmonton Area.
He then signed with the Boston Yanks.
Francis Arthur "Mother" Dunn, was an American football player as well as head football coach for at Dickinson College in Carlisle, Pennsylvania.
He played in Super Bowl XI as a member of the Minnesota Vikings.
Tuggle was the last selection of the 1983 NFL Draft, selected by the New York Giants.
He played for the Catania Elephants of the Italian Football League in 2008.
However, Cason was relieved by Tittle in the fourth quarter of the game.
He played for the Los Angeles Rams in 1987.
Bob Cosgrove was an award winning and all-star offensive lineman in the Ontario Rugby Football Union.
Ranek was a running back in the Canadian Football League for the Ottawa Renegades, the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, the Edmonton Eskimos, and the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
He was most recently with the BC Lions.
He originally signed with the Edmonton Eskimos as an undrafted free agent in January 2011, but was released prior to training camp on June 4, 2011.
He was also a player representative, and his activities got him traded to the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
Benny MacDonnell was a Canadian football player who played for the Ottawa Rough Riders.
He has also been a member of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the CFL.
He was teammates with Tiki Barber at both Virginia and with the Giants.
He donated his brain and spinal cord to medical research and was the first CFL player ever to do so.
He played for the University of Minnesota Golden Gophers under Bernie Bierman.
Karpus later played three years of minor league baseball from 1921 to 1923.
Gerry MacTaggart was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
He won the Grey Cup with Hamilton in 1953.
After graduating in 1964, Atkins attended Grambling State University, in Grambling, Louisiana.
Even in the Ohio State game, in which Michigan was outplayed, Auer stood out.
LaFary attended Purdue University, and played tackle for La Salle High School.
He attended Holy Cross Catholic Secondary School in Kingston.
Pegram's best season as a pro was during the 1993 season with the Falcons, rushing for 1,185 yards and three touchdowns.
This punt set the record for the longest punt in American Football League and professional football history.
He played college football at Boise State University and attended Elko High School in Elko, Nevada.
He last played for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.
St-Pierre retired from professional football on January 30, 2013.
In 2007 Fletcher was named to the All-time Argonauts team as an OLB.
Larson was also selected in the eleventh round of the 1961 AFL Draft by the San Diego Chargers.
In his freshman year at Wisconsin, Stemke set the team punting record, averaging 43.9 yards per kick.
David was Co-MVP along with Wilbur Hackett his Senior year.
After a junior and senior football career in Sault Ste.
Carpell enrolled at the University of Michigan and played for the Michigan Wolverines football team from 1909 to 1912 under head coach Fielding H. Yost.
He also recorded 58 receptions and one receiving touchdown.
He retired from coaching in 1971 but remained a scout for the Browns until 1976.
He was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in 1972.
Aside from his ability as a power runner, Kuzma was a good passer, solid defender, and also served as the Wolverines punter and punt returner.
His speeches were often dominated by a spiritual appreciation and gratitude for the wonderful life and opportunities he had been given.
He played college football at the University of North Dakota.
Donald Walter Jonas is a former American football player and coach.
He played college football at the University of Georgia.
Scott Patrick McHenry is a professional Canadian football slotback who is currently a free agent.
He was a co-captain with the Colts.
He currently ranks 2nd all-time in the NFL with 31.44 yards per catch, 1964 for yards per catch in a season.
Torran Blake Nixon is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League for the San Francisco 49ers.
Duval converted to give Montreal a thrilling 28-27 victory.
Marc-Antoine Labbé-Fortin is a Canadian football defensive lineman for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.
He was first used on defense, but was found to be too productive on offense in the running game and was part of the backfield.
He was drafted by the Edmonton Eskimos in the second round of the 1980 CFL Draft.
Alex Groncier Gordon is a former American football linebacker who played in the National Football League from 1987 through 1993.
Friedman also played eight seasons in the National Football League for the Cleveland Bulldogs, Detroit Wolverines, New York Giants, and Brooklyn Dodgers.
His promising all-star career was interrupted with two years of military service.
Ken Fritz is a former American football Guard who played for the Ohio State Buckeyes football team, and was recognized as a consensus All-American in 1979.
He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1979.
Don Moen is a former linebacker who played thirteen seasons in the Canadian Football League for the Toronto Argonauts.
Budd played college football for Lafayette College before making his National Football League debut in 1926 with the Frankford Yellow Jackets.
The 1903 Michigan team has been recognized as national champions by the National Championship Foundation.
Considered a triple-threat man while playing for Penn from 1926 to 1928, he was a consensus first-team All-American halfback in 1928.
Mark Putnam "Putt" Choate is a former linebacker in the National Football League.
He also played for the Chicago Blitz of the United States Football League in 1984.
He was signed again by Oakland in April 2006.
He played CIS football for the Concordia Stingers.
He previously played football at the University of Tennessee.
Howell did not miss a league game during his career in Cleveland, and intercepted 27 passes during his NFL career.
Prior to the Seahawks August 25, 2007, preseason game against the Minnesota Vikings at Qwest Field in Seattle, he raised the 12th Man flag.
Bob Heydenfeldt is a former American and Canadian football player.
On April 21, 2011, Quinney was released by the Argonauts.
Karl Richard Kehr is a former American football guard in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.
Marion Motley was an American Football fullback and linebacker who played for the Cleveland Browns in the All-America Football Conference and National Football League.
He was drafted by the Saskatchewan Roughriders as a territorial exemption in the 1978 CFL Draft.
Donald Maynard Brady is a former American football and Canadian football cornerback in the National Football League and Canadian Football League.
O'Billovich has been involved with the CFL since 1963 in the roles of player, coach, general manager, scout, and several front-office positions.
He played for the Chicago Cardinals and the Dallas Texans.
He previously played football for and attended the University of Toronto, as well as served in World War II.
It is speculated that the contract signing resulted in Freeman dropping in the NFL draft held in late January 1955.
Doug Redl is a former Canadian football offensive lineman who played four seasons in the Canadian Football League with the Toronto Argonauts and Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
Jeremy Gilchrist is a professional American and Canadian football wide receiver who is currently a free agent.
A native Montrealer, Segatore played football with Loyola College.
He was signed as a street free agent by the Eskimos in 2008.
Williams has also been a member of the Cleveland Browns, New Orleans Saints, Chicago Bears, and Ottawa Redblacks.
Steve Romanik was an American football player.
Jordan, a native of Bagley, Iowa, farms and enjoys hunting during his time away from the NFL.
In 2010, he coached the San Marcos Homeschool Panther's varsity football team.
Bob Haas is a retired Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Ceci held the Vanier Cup record for the longest touchdown catch, with an 89-yard reception in 1984, while playing with the Guelph Gryphons.
He was the younger brother of, Illinois and Bears' star, Red Grange.
Dorris played in the National Football League for 10 seasons.
James Donald "Jim" Bond, Jr. was an American football player and coach.
He won the Dick Suderman Trophy as the 89th Grey Cup's Most Valuable Canadian.
Born in Idaho, Carlson grew up in The Dalles, Oregon and attended The Dalles High School.
He joined Montreal in 1973 but made a huge impact the next season, rushing for 1124 yards, being named an all-star, and winning the Grey Cup.
He played college football for the Tulsa Golden Hurricane and started at quarterback for the 2001 and 2002 seasons.
At the conclusion of the 1959 season, Rio was named the Most Valuable Player on the 1959 Michigan team.
He lost the starting job to Walker the following season only to regain it once again his senior year.
His longest run in the NFL was good for a 52-yard gain.
Receiving Statistics are 1,699 receiving yards and two TDs.
He played college football at Alabama A&M University and was drafted in the third round of the 1994 NFL Draft.
Curtis Dublanko is a professional Canadian football linebacker who most recently played for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.
The three men were teammates at the University of Illinois in 1918.
Theodore Walter Cook, Sr. was a player in the National Football League.
Jay was recruited heavily in 1973, as he still had three remaining years of collegiate eligibility.
He worked as a supervisor at Collège Notre-Dame and would later leave in December 2016.
He won the Grey Cup with them in 1958.
Henry Luther "Hinkey" Haines was a professional athlete who played American football in the National Football League and baseball in the Major League Baseball association.
Beck met his wife, the former Sally Roberts, a native of Hot Springs, Arkansas, at Southern Arkansas University.
After college Honus had been a graduate assistant on the 1915 team and played professional football with Peggy Parratt's Cleveland Indians football club.
He played for the Browns until the 1965 season.
He played for the San Francisco 49ers and the Detroit Lions.
He died of cancer in a hospital at the age of 45.
Goganious played linebacker in the NFL for five seasons with the Buffalo Bills, Jacksonville Jaguars and Baltimore Ravens.
During his season, the 23-year-old rookie, a graduate of Georgetown University, stood 5'11" and weighed 200 lbs.
Joe Rizzo is a former linebacker of the Denver Broncos.
On August 31, 2006, Thomas was claimed off of waivers by the Jets.
Lionel Manuel, Jr. is a former American college and professional football player who was a wide receiver.
Randy Fuller is a former professional American football player who played cornerback for six seasons for the Denver Broncos, Pittsburgh Steelers.
Ronald S. Rector was an American football running back in the National Football League for the Green Bay Packers, the Washington Redskins, and the Atlanta Falcons.
He was let go with the entire UTEP staff after the 2003 season.
He was drafted by the Blue Bombers in the third round of the 1987 CFL Draft.
However, his doctor recommended that he give up football due to a knee injury suffered while playing basketball.
He was married to Charlotte and had two children, son Gordon Jr. and daughter Mary.
During the 2011 season, he became the 14th CFL receiver to record over 10,000 yards receiving in a career.
Tuggle played college football at Southern University and Nicholls State University.
He was drafted ninth overall in the 2013 CFL Draft by the Ottawa Redblacks and was the first player ever to be drafted by the franchise.
Conway played college football at Penn State, where his 276 career points rank him second all-time, and his 119 consecutive extra points are a school record.
He played professionally in the American Football League for the Denver Broncos in 1969.He attended University of Nebraska-Lincoln.
Rookie of the Year, as well as being the recipient of the Tiger Cats' Green Award.
James Thomas Clack was an American football guard in the National Football League.
Frank Andrew Fuller was an American football defensive tackle who played nine seasons in the National Football League with the Los Angeles Rams, the Chicago Cardinals/St.
He played college football at Baldwin-Wallace College.
Justin Watson is a former professional American football player who played three seasons as a running back for the St. Louis Rams.
His is also fifth all-time for scoring single points in the regular season with 185, many coming on his exceptionally long kick-offs.
He won the Grey Cup with the Argonauts in 1950.
As an NFL player Rubick played in 88 games, had 4 touchdowns, 44 receptions, and 1 carry.
Keith Webster is a retired Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Thereafter, he played professionally for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the CFL, and was later inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame.
Skladany turned down scholarship offers from Michigan, Penn State and hometown Pittsburgh to sign with Woody Hayes and Ohio State.
Jorgen Hus is a professional Canadian football longsnapper for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League.
Toby Lin Wright is a former American football safety in the National Football League for the Los Angeles/St.
Leggett did outstanding community service in Mississippi and the Gulf Coast region.
Depending on the environment of atoms within the protein, the nuclei of individual atoms will absorb different frequencies of radio signals.
In the 1950s, Reimann wrote several books on the history of the Upper Peninsula and the Gogebic Range.
He was also a co-founder of the National Football League.
During the game, he would score two of the Duquesnes touchdowns.
He was drafted one spot behind his college teammate Roderick Jones.
He is one of three Forzani brothers to play for their hometown Stampeders, along with Joe and John.
Win Headley is a former American football offensive guard who played one season with the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League.
After his football career he worked for Leon's Furniture, retiring in 1988.
He went to the Pro Bowl after the 1992 season with the Minnesota Vikings.
He finished his career with the 1954 inaugural BC Lions team, playing 5 games, rushing for 27 yards and catching 4 passes.
Johnson was a graduate of the Southern Illinois University.
He won two Grey Cup Championships with the Argos.
Guil also served a player-coach during his time with the Tigers and Maroons.
Gene Wlasiuk was a Canadian football player who played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
Harry Mason was a professional American football player during the early 1900s.
During World War II he played with his hometown Hamilton Tigers, the Toronto Argonauts, the Toronto RCAF Hurricanes, and the Camp Borden RCAF Fliers.
He is the father of quadruplets, two of whom played football for NC State.
A graduate of Wilfrid Laurier University, Glassford played on the Golden Hawks' Yates Cup winning team in 1973.
He announced his retirement from football on March 7, 2014.
He then went into the Army Air Corp during World War II.
Jared Newberry is an American football linebacker in the All American Football League for Team Alabama.
In 8 seasons, he had 7 interceptions returned for 31 yards and 3 blocked punts which remains a team record.
Joseph Griffith Golding was a professional American Football halfback/defensive back in the National Football League.
He played college football at the University of Alabama from 1930 to 1933 and was selected as an All-American in 1933.
His state record in shot put of 66 feet 7 inches, set in 1966, was not broken until 2005.
He resigned his head coach position in 1983 and worked in the university's Department of Athletics and Recreation.
He played 59 games for the Als over 6 seasons.
Johns enrolled at the University of Michigan in 1919 and played on the freshman football team.
A 6 ft 4 in, 238 lbs.
He attended S. R. Butler High School where he was a star on the varsity football team, graduating in 1980.
Johnny Showalter was a Canadian football quarterback who played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 1946.
After attending training camp with the Roughriders in 2012, he returned to play CIS football for the Sherbrooke Vert et Or for a fifth year.
He played college football at the University of Maine.
Jackson's son, also named Roy, would go on to own the famous race horse, Barbaro.
He retired from coaching in 1969 and took over the university's intramural department, which he directed for 15 years.
Carey was inducted into the Cornell Hall of Fame in 1994.
He has remained an Ottawa resident since his playing career and is a long time respected Bailiff in the region.
He was drafted 42nd overall by the Lions in the 2010 CFL Draft and signed a contract with the team on May 25, 2010.
Michaels played professionally for 14 years, 1958–71, with the Los Angeles Rams, Pittsburgh Steelers, Baltimore Colts and Green Bay Packers of the National Football League.
All-Pro safety Ronnie Lott stated Jeff Fuller was one of the hardest hitting safeties in the NFL.
He played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders, Winnipeg Blue Bombers and Edmonton Eskimos.
Lewis was selected in the second round by the Green Bay Packers out of the University of Texas at Arlington in the 1981 NFL Draft.
Now retired, Silas, after his career in football, was a professor at William Paterson University in New Jersey.
He played college football at the University of Calgary.
Tuten also received a ring as a member of the St. Louis Rams' Super Bowl XXXIV championship team.
He attended Garfield High School in Akron, Ohio, the same high school fellow NFL receiver Jim Lash attended, and Northwestern University.
He set a record in the hammer throw for international meets between Yale, Harvard, Oxford and Cambridge with a distance of 159 feet, 4-3/4 inches.
In 1998, he was inducted into the Blue Bomber Hall of Fame.
He won two NFL Championships with the Lions in 1952 and 1953.
Waldemar "Fritz" Breidster was an American football player who played college football for the United States Military Academy at West Point.
He missed the 1975 season after undergoing knee surgery.
Chris Ciezki is a former professional Canadian football fullback for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.
He played college football at Alabama State University and was drafted in the sixth round of the 1982 NFL Draft.
The events that followed the series resulted in accusations of a betting scandal.
Walter Spencer is a professional Canadian football linebacker who is currently a free agent.
Dublinski died on Thanksgiving Day, November 26, 2015.
Dominguez along with his then teammate Gene Makowsky made a cameo appearance in the Corner Gas episode "Reader Pride".
He was also a taxi squad member of the 1965 NFL Champion Green Bay Packers in the year immediately preceding the first Super Bowl.
Greg Richmond is a Defensive Line Coach at the nationally ranked D2 Fairmont State University in West Virginia.
He appeared in 109 regular season games, starting 84 of them.
George Randall Gibson was a professional American football guard and coach in the early National Football League.
He also was a member of three national championship teams.
He played in the minor leagues in 1899, recording a record of 21 wins and two losses.
In 1923 he played for the Minneapolis Marines.
Donald Wayne Bass was a professional American football tight end in the National Football League.
He played college football at Southern University.
While at ASU he was the NCAA shot put national champion in 1990.
Kahn played in 10 games notably scoring a touchdown against the Eagles, recovering a fumble pass interception.
He appeared in seven games for the Lions, completing 7 of 15 passes for 104 yards and rushing for 51 yards on 13 carries.
Miles played offence, defence, and special teams, during his eleven career with the Eskimos.
He played one year with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Western Interprovincial Football Union.
Ivy Joe Hunter is a former professional American football player who played fullback for three seasons for the Indianapolis Colts and New England Patriots.
As a quarterback at Harrison Tech High School, Puplis twice received all-state honors, and won a Chicago city championship, compiling a 12-0 record in 1931.
He then played for the San Francisco 49ers in 1956.
His daughter is actress Bree Turner and he has three sons.
In announcing the NEA All-American team in 1939, sports editor Harry Grayson wrote the following about Wolff:
He is best known as quarterback of the Toronto Argonauts.
In his final game for Michigan, Peterson rushed for 70 yards and scored the only touchdown in a 7-0 win over Ohio State.
James C. "J.C." Caroline is an American former gridiron football player.
Pope is the only National Football League player in history to play on all California teams.
Outside of baseball, Smith played football in 1905 for the Canton Athletic Club.
He played college football at Clemson University and was drafted in the fourth round of the 1987 NFL Draft.
He won the Grey Cup with them in 1951.
He was signed by the Ottawa Renegades in 2004.
Mark Restelli is a professional Canadian football linebacker who is currently a free agent.
Bob Hayton was a Canadian football player who played for the Edmonton Eskimos.
He won the Grey Cup with them in 1964.
He came to Canada in 1934 and played two seasons with the Hamilton Tigers of the IRFU and played in the Grey Cup.
His career was a nut short after sustaining a neck injury while playing in a game at St. Louis in 2000.
Devin Tyler is an American football offensive lineman who is a free agent.
He is currently a practicing attorney in St. Paul, Minnesota.
These distances in turn can be used to determine the overall structure of the protein.
Joseph Lee Moore, Jr. is a former American football running back.
He played CIS football at the Université de Sherbrooke.
Wesley Branch Rickey was a Major League Baseball executive elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1967.
