It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
The ranch was purchased by W. C. Child about 1885, and was originally named "White Face Farm".
In 1973, the Morrison House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places, qualifying because of its architecture.
On February 14, 2002, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
It is Raleigh's earliest white middle-class suburb, and unlike later suburbs, it developed lot-by-lot over time, instead of by platted sections.
The grant was located along the Pacific coast, and encompassed present-day San Onofre State Beach and Camp Pendleton.
The Frank and Matilda Binz House is a historic home in Sarasota, Florida.
This Second Empire style house was added to the List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks in 2000.
The Lawn has remained the symbolic center of the university since 1819, when the university was founded.
The enterprise was a significant success, producing lagers, ales, and porters, and eventually gaining a nationwide reputation.
The district encompasses 24 contributing buildings and 1 contributing structure in the Park Hills Subdivision No.
Hotel Green, designed by Los Angeles-based architect Frederick Roehrig in 1893, was the first of the three buildings.
The Queen was accused of indiscretions both at Gainsborough and Lincoln and she was executed.
It was deemed significant architecturally as one of just two red brick / stone trimmed commercial buildings in Grand Forks from the 1888-1892 period.
Built in 1912 and one of the oldest Akron Plan churches in existence, it has been designated a historic site.
Beams and parts of its facade were recovered by the St. Louis Building Arts Foundation.
The Teatro de la Zarzuela is a theatre in Madrid, Spain.
The Dundee Historic Village is a historic district located in Dundee, Michigan.
The latter "is an eclectic mixture of Neo-Classical elements dominated by a central three-story facade with Renaissance Revival details."
The Griffin Park Historic District is a U.S. historic district located in Orlando, Florida.
Tubman moved to Auburn, New York, after spending eight to 10 years in St. Catharines, Ontario, from which she also moved her parents.
On August 8, 1997, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The West Florida Historic Preservation, part of the University of West Florida, also manages Historic Pensacola Village, the T.T.
It was the first Catholic church in Delaware out of which grew the present Roman Catholic Diocese of Wilmington.
The Temple of Debod is an ancient Egyptian temple that was dismantled and rebuilt in Madrid, Spain.
Normandy Isles Historic District is a U.S.
The district has 142 houses, most of which were built within that time period, and have retained their historical integrity.
There was a Potosi mine in Lincoln County, Nevada.
This Mediterranean Revival style building was the home of Deerfield Beach pioneers and civic leaders, James D. and Alice Wood Butler.
The petroglyphs are pecked into rock of the Red Rock Ridge, a 23-mile-long Sioux quartzite outcrop that extends from Watonwan County, Minnesota to Brown County, Minnesota.
The Dietrich Cabin is a log cabin located in Ottawa City Park in Ottawa, Kansas.
This was the last major engagement of the war in Virginia; Lee's surrender at Appomattox occurred three days later.
Two Medicine Fight Site is a site on the National Register of Historic Places located roughly 25 miles southeast of Browning, Montana.
It is a standard design by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs and was built in 1931.
The First Baptist Church is a historic church in Lake Wales, Florida.
The space between the logs was chinked with log chips and stones for filler held in place by a daubing of lime mortar.
The Clock Mosque, also called Abdurrahman Pasha Mosque or simply Peqin Mosque is a Cultural Monument of Albania, located in Peqin.
Modeled after Philadelphia's Independence Hall, Fire Station No.
Notable non-residential buildings include 10 buildings associated with Waynesburg University, 7 churches, the Greene County Courthouse, Greene County Jail, and Waynesboro Borough Building.
Holy Rosary Church is a historic Roman Catholic church building on Minnesota Avenue in Kranzburg, South Dakota.
The original Nantaughtacund were noted by that name living on the Rappahannock River by John Smith on 1608, represented on his map as a "king's house".
The intersection served as a key cross-town transit transfer point in the city.
The school was established in 1865 by Confederate veteran Charles Summerville Roller as the Augusta Male Academy and formally became a military academy in 1880.
The blue-gray granite quarried near Sioux Falls is the main building material, and it is laid in a random ashlar pattern.
Besides the dam and the state park, other projects included the Watson Wayside, Lac qui Parle Parkway, and the reconstruction of the Lac qui Parle Mission.
The cemetery is owned by the private death care industry company, Northstar Memorial Group, based in Houston.
It is located at 1039-1057 Kingsley Avenue.
It is believed that the statue may be of Greek, Roman or Egyptian origin.
The Masonic lodge no longer meets in the building.
It is bounded on the western end roughly by Bennett Street and Ashland Avenue, and on the east by Beach Street.
Dorsey's daughter died at the estate in 1881, followed by Governor Ligon in 1899.
The region was part of the Second Polish Republic when the observatory was established during the interbellum period.
Historic outbuildings include a slave quarter and a tobacco barn.
Portions of the facility are included in the Wisconsin Memorial Hospital Historic District, District #88002183.
The district encompasses 200 acres and includes 56 contributing buildings in the historic core of Plymouth Meeting.
The one-story wood-frame house was built in 1847.
A separate carriage house, now in use as a garage, is included as a contributing feature in the historic designation.
Westminster Congregational Church is a historic congregational church at 3600 Walnut Street in Kansas City, Missouri.
The Carson City Mint was a branch of the United States Mint in Carson City, Nevada.
The Longwood Hotel was built in 1885.
It now serves as a hub for bus service operated by Sarasota County Area Transit.
It was the summer home of William Cabell Rives, Jr.,, second son of the noted United States senator and minister to France William Cabell Rives.
The addition was removed and a new frame two story addition measuring 12' by 30' was constructed.
King then lived there from 1923 until his death in 1950 and he willed the house to the Canadian Crown.
The David S. Walker Library is a historic library in Tallahassee, Florida named for Governor David S. Walker who served from 1865 through 1868.
The Church of Santa Catalina is a church located in Caudete, Spain.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
Cultures represented at the site range from Early Archaic to Fort Ancient, along with various Woodland cultures.
The school was designed in the Mission Revival style and features a bell-gable front and an arched entryway with a decorative quatrefoil above it.
This ornate 1876 Gothic Revival church is now a Spring Valley Community Historical Society museum.
The earliest reference to the King's Houses dates back to 1164 during the reign of Henry II.
He had lived on the estate for several years previously while he managed his brother's estates in the Southwest.
It became known as Signal Hill due to being an excellent place for soldiers to signal to friendly forces.
One end of the roof overhangs at the gable to form a porch supported by log posts.
Thirteen years earlier, it had been listed on the National Register of Historic Places because of its architectural significance.
Located near the confluence of the Ohio and Wabash Rivers, it lies near several similar archaeological sites.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
It was one of 10 Florida Carnegie libraries to receive grants awarded by the Carnegie Corporation of New York from 1901 to 1917.
The church, designed by Alonso de Covarrubias and Juan Gómez de Mora, was begun in the 16th century and finished in 1770.
Woodland Cemetery was designated as a Michigan Historic Site on July 21, 1988.
It is considered to be the foremost and one of the largest temple tanks in Tamil Nadu.
Poe House is a historic home located at Fayetteville, Cumberland County, North Carolina.
Carderock Springs Historic District is a national historic district located at Bethesda, Montgomery County, Maryland.
There are only a few remains of the other five arches.
The mansion house is unlisted, however the stables and hermitage are Category B listed buildings.
Built in 1923 it is located at 636 North Riverside Drive and 647 Faulkner Street.
This intrusion also resulted in the destruction of a church and schools.
There are also traces of wall paintings.
Outbuildings include a tenant house with an attached stable, a tobacco barn, a garden shed, and a three-bay garage.
The site was first noticed in the 1950s, and Dr. Frank Winters of the Illinois State Museum began excavations at the site in 1961.
It came under successive control by Great Britain, Spain, the United States and, lastly, the Confederacy during the American Civil War.
The downtown area retained its historic integrity even as other communities modernized their downtowns as a result of post-World War II urban renewal efforts.
The district includes 167 contributing buildings and nine contributing structures.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Sinking Springs Farms is a historic farm and national historic district located at Manchester Township in York County, Pennsylvania.
The Orators Mound is a Native American mound in the western part of the U.S. state of Ohio.
The general site remains protected but undeveloped.
It is believed to have been built by people of the Adena culture, who constructed many burial mounds and other ceremonial earthworks in prehistoric Ohio.
It was converted to offices in 1987 by architect Jack L. Gordon.
"The Tower" of the building is in the care of the Landmark Trust and available for holiday lets.
The museum's address is 18127 South Alameda Street, Rancho Dominguez, California.
Lovell's subdivisions became housing for wealthier managers and doctors.
The grounds contain 15 garden rooms, each devoted to a single color, plant or theme, arranged around two cross axes with vistas.
Prominent buildings in the district include the Fulton County Courthouse, a water tower, Rochester City Hall & Fire Department, post office, and telephone company.
Many of Henri Christophe's contemporaries noted his ruthlessness, and it is unknown how many laborers died during the palace's construction.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972, with a Boundary Increase in 1988.
St. Cosmas' and St. Mary's Church is a church in Kolkondas, Fier County, Albania.
Efforts are underway to ensure that endangered plant species are propagated beyond their limited range and represented in ex situ collections.
The building is a two-story, wood-frame structure on a sandstone foundation, built with Colonial Revival styling.
The Frank L. and Ida H. Chambers House, located in Eugene, Oregon, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
The Church ruins in Dashaj në Stanajt, Tepelenë District, Albania are a Cultural Monument of Albania.
Czech immgirants from Bohemia started arriving in the area, then part of the Dakota Territory, in 1868, and church services were being held by 1871.
The town was named after Eli Shugart, a 19th-century tavern keeper.
It is one of over 110 on-site campus Chabads across America.
The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 14, 2009.
Oaks II was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
The population was 2,434 at the 2010 census.
The Temple Terrace Golf and Country Club is an historic golf course and country club in Temple Terrace, Florida.
The buildings are a simplified version of the National Park Service Rustic style.
It was converted into a clubhouse in 1942.
The castle was first mentioned in 1206 and is most well known as the home of the Counts of Hanau-Lichtenberg.
It is a large,  1 1⁄2-story, 18th-century residence with Federal-style detailing.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
The former chapel has been converted into the Learning Center which serves as a study, test taking and tutoring area for students.
38 Bridge Street is a commercial property in Chester, Cheshire, England.
The building has undergone several renovations and repairs through the years.
Much of the community composes a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Lake Wales Historic Residential District is a U.S. historic district located in Lake Wales, Florida.
Other common building materials are beer cans, abalone shells, and concrete.
The house was built in 1865 following the conclusion of the Civil War.
It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade listed building.
The Wilson-Gibson House is a historic residence in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.
A musicians gallery, with a wrought iron balustrade and gilt lions heads and garlands, is in the centre of the arcade.
William Chapline House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
The Weaver–Fox House is a historic home located at Uniontown, Carroll County, Maryland, United States.
The building was built in the 19th century, and was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1962.
In 1975, Joliet financed a program to assist East Side home owners to rehabilitate their homes.
As such, it is likely to have been created by small groups of transient hunters who camped in the valley below.
The Church of Santa Anna is a church located in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.
It is a Grade II* listed building.
Construction of the new courthouse was authorized by the Roane County Court in January 1853.
It is now owned by the Historic Chapels Trust.
The property was added to the National Register in 1982.
He lived onsite from the beginning of the school, serving as the headmaster until his death in 1960.
It includes all of the properties along Norwood Avenue between Broad Street in Cranston and Green Boulevard in Providence.
Hirkan National Park — is a national park of Azerbaijan.
The congregation, however, continued to be observe its Swedish traditions.
Belvedere House and Gardens is a country house located approximately 8 kilometres from Mullingar, County Westmeath in Ireland on the north-east shore of Lough Ennell.
A number of historical artifacts, such as account books, records, letters, and other materials are preserved in the archives at Sinsinawa Mound in Sinsinawa, Wisconsin.
In fact, at that time it was the only burial ground, excluding private family graveyards, available to African Americans in the area
It consists of an Art Deco style administration building with an attached medieval-inspired drill shed designed by Tachau and Vought and measuring 50,000 square feet.
The castle is a classic example of a medieval fortress and, on its completion in 1406, was the world's largest brick castle.
Wunder is also responsible for designing Daffy’s and the Neuweiler Brewery.
The Willises were one of the First Families of Virginia, with the first settler arriving by 1642.
The George Bennett House was a historic residence built near the city of Harrison, Ohio, United States.
The Structure is privately owned by the Lake-Hanford Family of Aurora, Indiana and is not open to the public.
The house is a well-preserved example of a middling farmer's dwelling house from mid-19th-century Maryland.
The Willoughby Gregory House is a historic home in Quincy, Florida.
The interior has a Gothic altar and a semicircular communion rail.
The site is also designated HT13 53.
It is located at 1324 South Fort Harrison Street.
It was designed by Smith & Carrier and built in 1913, when Sylva took over the county seat designation from Webster.
At one point 5,000 eels were caught each year.
The majority of the remaining earthworks in the complex are privately owned and are threatened with destruction as The Plains community expands.
Authorized in 1890 and commissioned six years later, she was a small battleship, though with heavy armor and ordnance.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
Other carvings, such as thunderbirds, dragonflies, turtles, and shamans, are symbolic of later tribes such as the Otoe tribe, Sioux, and Iowa tribe.
In 1955, the City of Tacoma changed zoning laws that allowed some of the neighborhood’s older homes to be demolished and replaced by apartment buildings.
The Church of la Asunción is a Roman Catholic church located in Almansa, province of Albacete Spain.
The houses in the court were designed in the Mission Revival style; the court is the oldest Mission Revival bungalow court in Pasadena.
The main house was built in 1807, and is a 2 1/2-story, four bay, frame dwelling in the Federal style.
It is laid out around a central fountain.
One house included in the district extends into the adjacent town of Plainfield.
Other buildings at the ranch included a sod stable, a sod-walled corral, and a wood-framed outbuilding with a toilet.
The house's Late Victorian form and appearance resulted from a thorough remodeling in 1901 of a preexisting farmhouse, according to designs by architect D. S. Hopkins.
In 2007, it was declared a winner of the New7Wonders of the World initiative.
The following buildings were added to the National Register of Historic Places as part of the Mediterranean Revival Style Buildings of Davis Islands Multiple Property Submission.
The Andle Stone is a large boulder on Stanton Moor in Derbyshire.
U.S. Route 66 was a highway established on November 11, 1926, connecting Chicago, Illinois to the Southwest.
During the Battle of Monocacy General Jubal Early formed his troops at Arcadia.
In 2011, the Churches Conservation Trust and the community of Langport started an innovative regeneration project at All Saints church.
In 1946 it was turned into a museum operating until today.
Now known as Poynor Junior High School, it is located at 301 South Dargan Street and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
He and his wife, Strikes the Iron, left their home and property to all people in 1928.
Severely affected by depopulation, blight and crime during the 1970s and 1980s, the neighborhood is currently experiencing restorations of its historic buildings and luring new residents.
Fairlie–Poplar is immediately north of Five Points, the definitive centerpoint and longtime commercial heart of Atlanta.
The Fortner Mounds are a pair of Native American mounds in the central part of the U.S. state of Ohio.
In 1913, the old wooden courthouse was torn down and replaced with the current brick courthouse.
However, no construction has occurred to date.
The central chamber contains the cenotaph which houses the graves of Nawab Shuja-ud-daula and his mother.
The building, designed by Finnish architect Eliel Saarinen, consists of a glass-fronted main hall, with a tower and bridge section.
The pews, choir stalls, altar rails, pulpit, font and screen are all 19th century.
The Main Street Historic District in Durham, Connecticut is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
The home are in popular architectural styles from the inter-war period including American Foursquare, American Craftsmanm Bungalow, and Colonial Revival.
The house has been opened to the public as a historic house museum.
The ceiling is open, with exposed log framing.
It was one of a series of coastal defences constructed by the Republic of Genoa between 1530 and 1620 to stem the attacks by Barbary pirates.
Its boundaries are Main Street, Redwood Avenue, the Red River, and the Canadian Pacific Railway mainline, which bisects the peninsula.
In preparation for this event, the interior of the church was completely remodeled.
David W. Thomas House is a historic home located near Odessa, New Castle County, Delaware.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
It was built in 1899 and added to the National Register in 1978.
The house is dated 1598, which makes it the oldest standing building in Runcorn.
The weirs were built as fences using local wood species, including eastern white cedar, sugar maple, and white birch for the stakes.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
The main farm house, built c. 1778 and extensively remodeled in 1976, is one of Brookline's few 18th-century houses.
it is one of the most popular trails in the Park.
This two-family house was built c. 1875-90, and is a rare period duplex in the town.
Laura Watkins's brother, Thomas Jr., married Dr. Watkins's sister, Amanda, on February 16, 1835.
It encompasses 124 contributing buildings and 1 contributing structure in an upper- and middle-level residential section of Pottstown.
His residence there, also known as the Cleaver House, is a contributing property in the Port Penn Historic District.
It is an intact complex of 15 agricultural buildings and structures dating from about 1800 through the early 20th century.
Walls and gatepiers surrounding the hall are listed at Grade II.
It is a Grade II* listed building.
The Parkview Historic District in New Orleans, Louisiana is a 263-acre historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 2006.
The end rises to a gable, and a small chimney sits atop the peak of the roof.
The Old Square is a square located in Villarrobledo, Spain.
Route 195 serves as the west boundary while the street known as Tolland Green serves as the east boundary.
The ruins are now integrated into the park known as Paseo Cornisa.
The Daniel Donnelly House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
Big Meadows Site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Citrus grower Jacob Summerlin, Orlando's first city council president, purchased 200 acres in the area during the late 19th century.
The Hope–Power–Cooke Streets Historic District is a residential historic district on the East Side of Providence, Rhode Island.
By that time, it had been converted into a bed and breakfast, the Colonel Taylor Inn.
The historic district retains the distinctive turn-of-the-19th-century architecture, supporting numerous small specialty shops, shaded sidewalks, and a people friendly environment.
It has two storeys and an attic; a two-storey wing has been added to the back.
The district includes 183 contributing buildings in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Waynesburg.
The Caratacus Stone, sometimes known as the Caractacus Stone, is an inscribed stone on Exmoor in Somerset, England.
Both buildings have been listed in the Alabama State Historic Register.
Known as the Ety Enclosure, these earthworks are also an unusually well-preserved archaeological site.
The excavations also revealed the intensity of occupation: the Middle Woodland layer was substantially larger than the exceptionally thin Upper Mississippian component.
It consists of 26 blocks and approximately 500 buildings, many of them incorporating cast-iron architectural elements.
The Brooks Aqueduct is a defunct aqueduct originally built by the irrigation division of the Canadian Pacific Railway Company during the 1910s.
The district centres on Whyte Avenue and has shops, restaurants, bars and buskers.
The Donald and Helen Olsen House, in Berkeley, California, was built in 1954.
It was the only bank in Anderson to survive the Great Depression without closing.
The house is currently a bed-and-breakfast inn.
Cow Castle is an Iron Age hill fort 5.75 kilometres West South West of Exford, Somerset, England within the Exmoor National Park.
R trains at all times except late nights
The parish is a member of the Episcopal Church, and part of the worldwide Anglican Communion.
During summer months, tours of the dredge and gold panning are available for a small fee.
The Norwood-Hyatt House is a historic house at 704 Washington Street in the Gloucester, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
South Main Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Mount Morris in Livingston County, New York.
During the 1980s the interior fittings and decoration of the adjacent Church of St Michael were damaged beyond repair.
The exposed surface is approximately 150 by 650 feet and surrounded by virgin prairie.
Built in 1904, the house was designed in the Italianate style, of which it has been called "an outstanding example".
The earliest known rector is Thomas Wolsey who held the living between 1500 and 1509, before becoming a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.
The building now serves as apartments, office space, and a restaurant in the former lobby rebranded simply The Patrick Henry.
By the end of the program, a total of 387 schools, 7 teacher's houses, and several vocational buildings had been completed within the state.
Chatham Manufacturing Company is a textile mill located in Elkin, North Carolina and is one of the oldest in North Carolina.
The Union League of America Hall is a site on the National Register of Historic Places located in White Sulphur Springs, Montana.
It was the first homestead of Sam Cunningham, from Missouri, who built the hand-hewn log house.
India Buildings is a commercial building with its principal entrance in Water Street, Liverpool, Merseyside, England.
It encompasses the area associated with a once thriving iron works.
The building and the gardens are separately listed as Bienes de Interés Cultural.
Early 20th-century images of the cemetery show a picket fence on High Street.
The district includes two of the four houses that had made up Spring Hill as a distinct community around 1800:
Goose Hill Road Historic District is a national historic district located at Cold Spring Harbor in Suffolk County, New York.
The district area is bounded roughly by St. John, Olive, and Wooster Streets and I-91.
It was designed by noted architect Alex B. Mahood, and built in 1917.
The new synod combined Augustana College with Lutheran Normal School in Sioux Falls, some 25 miles away.
A feed store was added to the building in 1886.
It was listed on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties on October 7, 1992.
The James D. and Alice Butler House, commonly known as the The Butler House, is a historic home in Deerfield Beach, Florida.
The second contributing structure is a barn, whose construction was also begun by Gardner Wilder c. 1775.
From right to left, the five windows sit above a door, a window, a window, a door, and a porch-like window.
The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
Notable commercial and industrial buildings date to the early 20th century through 1930, and are in the early modern and Art Deco styles.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
It includes the separately listed Dundee Methodist Church and First Presbyterian Church.
Architect George Barber designed the house, and it was built by Jerome B. Pillow in 1896.
The Routzahn-Miller Farmstead is a historic home and farm complex located at Middletown, Frederick County, Maryland, United States.
They were built for a middle-class clientele in a fast-growing commuter suburb of Washington, D.C.
The house has experienced two small fires, multiple hits from Black Locust trees in Hurricane Isabel, and detrimental building practices inside and outside the stone walls.
John G. Ackerson House, is located in Park Ridge, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.
It was built in 1890 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
It is noted for its Federal, Italianate, and Queen Anne style architecture.
The focus of the district is a group of mineral springs that together constitute the world-famous spa for which the village was named.
A mile and a half south, in the town of St. Peter, Reverend Aaron H. Kerr led services in the Winslow Hotel.
The Bad Pass Trail was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 29, 1975.
It is also called the Indian River Lagoon Scenic Highway from State Road 510 at Wabasso Beach to U.S. Route 1 in Cocoa.
Conway Downtown Historic District is a national historic district located at Conway in Horry County, South Carolina.
The complex serves as the local center for ecological studies, as well as a retreat and conference center.
It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1866.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
The East Haven Green is the town green of the New England town of East Haven, Connecticut.
The Westchester House, currently the Sohotel, is a hotel on the Bowery at Broome Street in Manhattan, New York City.
It includes Greek Revival and Late Victorian architecture.
The houses at 36 and 52 Hyde Avenue are Queen Anne in their styling, and were built in 1880 and c. 1893, respectively.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
On March 5, 1979, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The 19th-century gazebo was added by a European-American owner of the land.
Gulab Bari is the maqbara of Nawab Shuja-ud-Daula, the third Nawab of Oudh in the campus.
Mewata Armoury is a Canadian Forces reserve armoury in Calgary, Alberta.
Hopkins Mountain Historic District is a national historic district located in the Monongahela National Forest near Alvon, Greenbrier County, West Virginia.
The "S"-shaped building has two courtyards, a front courtyard facing Ridge Avenue and a rear courtyard for units on Church Street.
It is located beside the Tennessee River on the grounds of the Shiloh National Military Park, in Hardin County of southwestern Tennessee.
Wynn was known for his hospitality, and the household was supported by Wynn's local dairy herds, orchards and gardens.
Clark Hall and Guilford House were built in 1891-1892.
Thomas B. Coursey House is a historic home located north of Coursey Pond near Felton, Kent County, Delaware.
Today a few buildings still stand as a reminder of an era in Wyoming's past history.
On December 8, 1997, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Indian Fort Road Site is an archaeological site located at Trumansburg in Tompkins County, New York.
It is located in the extreme southern portion of Catron County.
The best preserved part of the castle is its tower, which still stands to this day.
It is now called St. Joseph's Court and is used for federally subsidized low-income housing for senior citizens.
"We learned to play penny-ante poker... it was a great hideaway because my parents wouldn't climb the ladder to the second floor-- or so I thought."
It was built in 1867 and is a rectangular two-story, three-bay frame building which rests on an uncoursed rubble-stone foundation.
Completed in 1752, it was originally a student dormitory, a function it retained for 200 years.
It was the original location of León.
48 is considered to be the earliest shop front still surviving in England.
In 1858 the estate passed to the 7th Duke of Devonshire, who laid out the new town of Eastbourne on the south half of the estate.
New Paltz Downtown Historic District is a national historic district located at New Paltz in Ulster County, New York.
The front facade features a long verandah.
Outside the church next to the village green is the War Memorial
There is a large gallery above the west end of the nave, which when it was built held a barrel organ.
Exceptional architectural features include its three oval parlors, stacked one on top of the other, with curved fireplace mantles and doors.
The restaurant was the featured property in the National Park Service's weekly list of March 27, 2009.
The church was relocated in 1970, and the township took over ownership of the building in 1980.
It rests on a low brick foundation and has a gable roof topped by a steeple.
Woolen Mills Village Historic District is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 12, 2010.
Also located in the district is the separately listed Blackman-Bosworth Store.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
It includes the antebellum octagon house at 527 1st Avenue, a National Historic Landmark, named Octagon House or May's Folly.
Richardson with the expressed purpose of creating a park.
The nearly 300 individual petroglyphs feature some of the oldest and best examples of Dinwoody rock art in the world.
Barnett Hospital and Nursing School is a historic hospital and school building located at Huntington, Cabell County, West Virginia.
It is named for its original owner / builder Harvey Washington Wiley and longtime owner / resident, Arthur Cuming Ringland.
On March 14, 1985, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The congregation almost disbanded and lost its church in the 1920s through abandonment of services.
It was rediscovered in 1980 and is a declared monument of Hong Kong.
The home was featured in Progressive Architecture in 1959 and in Life in 1959 and 1961.
Làrach Mòr is a garden in Lochaber, in the western Highlands of Scotland.
Estes Celery Company Precooler Historic District is a U.S. historic district located in Oviedo, Florida.
Townsville Post Office is a heritage-listed former post office and now brewery at 252-270 Flinders Street, Townsville CBD, City of Townsville, Queensland, Australia.
The high school building was built in 1924, also in the Gothic Revival style.
The cold storage block is a 1-story, gable-roofed addition to the north side of the main block.
The Parker Cleaveland House is a historic house at 75 Federal Street in Brunswick, Maine.
It was built in 1927 and was added to the National Register in 2005.
Finds at the site include projectile points from both the Early Archaic and Late Woodland Periods.
The Jordan House is an historic building located in West Des Moines, Iowa, United States.
The construction of the Tour d'Ancone began in 1581.
In 1975, the Rennert Mound and the sites of the two destroyed mounds were listed on the National Register of Historic Places for their archaeological significance.
The schooner Pretoria, the largest wooden boat ever built, was launched at Davidson's shipyard this afternoon, in the presence of a vast multitude.
The Old U.S. Post Office and Courts Building is a historical 19th century brick government building, located in Jefferson, Marion County, Texas.
It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
An alternative of Portarius after a family who owned land at Havyatt.
Grace Baptist Church is a historic church at 1527 W. Mallon Street in Spokane, Washington.
Rock Spring Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church at 1824 Piedmont Avenue NE in Atlanta, Georgia.
It was built about 1760, and is a two-story, five-bay, gable-roof, brick building with interior brick chimneys at each gable end.
The district encompasses 12 contributing residential buildings and was developed between about 1893 and 1923.
It was nominated for symbolizing the Franciscan brotherhood that platted and grew the German Catholic settlement that became Chanhassen.
Cahaba, also spelled Cahawba, was the first permanent state capital of Alabama from 1820 to 1825, and county seat of Dallas County, Alabama until 1866.
The population was 12,616 at the 2010 census, up from 11,391 at the 2000 census.
It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1931.
The house was extensively restored in 1972-1973.
It uses much of the adjoining land for a 4-H camp, with cottages and other buildings, and day and residential environmental education.
It is a 91-foot-long, Burr Truss bridge, constructed in 1889.
The Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía is Spain's national museum of 20th-century art.
The mound that dominates the area is over 13 ft tall, with a basal diameter of 138 ft, and 129 ft.
Notable buildings include the Rebman Building, Stewart Cracker Building, U.S. Tire Company Building, Lasher Building, Philadelphia City Morgue, and Overland Motor Company Building.
It encompasses as modest residential subdivision that was laid out in the then-rural area of Auburndale in 1911.
The Portavant Mound is one of fifteen or more "temple mounds" produced by the Safety Harbor culture found in the vicinity of Tampa Bay.
The junction has been a prominent center in the area since 1760.
Also located in the district and separately listed are the Appoquinimink Friends Meetinghouse, Corbit-Sharp House, and Old St. Paul's Methodist Episcopal Church.
William Julius "Judy" Johnson was an American professional third baseman and manager whose career in Negro league baseball spanned 17 seasons, from 1921 to 1937.
It has a gable roof with dormers.
It was built about 1870, and is a two-story, three bay, frame dwelling Late Victorian style ornament.
The building was added to the List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks in 2003.
The A.C. McClurg publishing company was the building's main occupant and gave the building its name.
It was dedicated on December 13, 1964 to the County of Kern.
The George Widrick House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
It consists of at least two village sites surrounded by hundreds of mounds, including three effigy mounds.
Glamorgan, also known as Kittery Hill, is a large Queen Anne style house in Deer Park, Garrett County, Maryland.
Padanaram is part of Southern New England's Farm Coast, and the Coastal Wine Trail.
Along with the gatehouse and boundary walls has been designated as a Grade I listed building.
The chancel dates from the 14th, but was built on the site of an earlier church.
Around the time of contact in the 1850s, loggers came to the area.
It opened on 17 July 1891 with the opening of the line from Cooran.
St. Demetrius' Church is a church in Tuminec, Korçë County, Albania.
The Birnirk Site is an archaeological site near Barrow, Alaska.
Commonly referred to as "the birthplace of British Columbia", it is designated a National Historic Site of Canada and is administered by Parks Canada.
The church was designed by local architect F.W.
On the south post is a coat of arms with two red chevrons, which is believed to be of the St Maur family.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
The National Conservation Centre, formerly the Midland Railway Goods Warehouse, is located in Liverpool, Merseyside, England.
Bridgewater House is in the Old Coach Road, Runcorn, Cheshire, England.
Its main gambrel portion was built in 1910, with additions in 1916.
The log barn was relocated in 1996 due to changes in the course of the nearby Elwha River.
The site of the church was used for worship in the Saxon era and there are fragments of two Saxon crosses.
The John and Kate Dougherty Farmstead is a farmstead located in Duvall, Washington, United States, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Trammel Crow Co. purchased the building in 2000.
The historic component represents a freemen’s village, Mitchelville, which was occupied during the transition between slavery and freedom by Sea Island blacks.
The site is a significant multi-component site, with finds dating from the Late Archaic to the Middle Woodland Period.
The source of the oil was a sand zone in the Drumright Dome, a syncline.
The major occupation of the people living at this place is agriculture.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Fort Steele is a heritage town in the East Kootenay region of British Columbia, Canada.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
The Marian Fell Library is an historic library in Fellsmere, Florida.
The Bennett-Shattuck House is a historic house at 653 Martins Pond Road in Groton, Massachusetts.
Children of tenants are allowed to take over their parents' apartment, and thus there is a multi-generational community.
A public art display of stained glass called Children at Play was also installed.
A broad front porch was added in the early 20th century along with a 3-bay garage and screened porch.
The Chute Forest church closed in 1972.
In 1882, millionaire Potter Palmer moved to the area from the Prairie Avenue neighborhood on the city's south side.
Grant Road was one of the links for the earthen forts that surrounded the city of Washington during the American Civil War.
On November 17, 1982, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
It was the first Carnegie library in Washington, D.C., and the first public library.
The ruins are an example of an 18th-century sugar and rum factory.
The Crystal Lake Falls Historic District, also known as the Brick Kingdom, is a historic industrial and residential area in Barton, Vermont, United States.
The bridge has specially designed elements that commemorate the end of the American Civil War.
The Immanuel Lutheran Church is a historic church in rural Jones County, South Dakota.
Important partly for its architecture, it was eventually relegated to student housing before being demolished.
Moorstown Castle was one of the Tipperary locations used in Stanley Kubrick's 1975 epic film Barry Lyndon.
It has three original jail cells on its third floor.
In 1999 the land adjacent to the Mansion was slated to build an Exxon gas station, which was cancelled.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
Wilton Candy Kitchen is a combination ice cream parlor, soda fountain and confectionery store located in Wilton, Iowa, United States.
It has been designated as a Grade I listed building.
Like the Connectional African Methodist Episcopal Church Union Bethel was born out of sociological differences.
The Metéora - is a formation of immense monolithic pillars and huge, hill-like rounded boulders that dominate the local area.
The site was visited by archeologist Irving Rouse in 1936.
Wooddale Historic District, also known as the Delaware Iron Works, is a national historic district located at Wooddale near Newport, New Castle County, Delaware.
It is named for George Buckey, a tanner, and his brother, John Buckey, a blacksmith and tavern owner.
They are rectangular brick factory buildings with heavy timber frame construction.
The building ceased operation in 1950 when the district was consolidated with the newly established Dundee Community Schools in nearby Dundee Township.
On November 12, 1998, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
After a decade of debate over the land, the City turned it into Louis Armstrong Park, which incorporates old Congo Square.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
The railroad placed their repair and maintenance center in Wilton, and it remained here until 1881 when they started to move operations to Davenport and Muscatine.
The Blades House, also known as the W.B.
The Great Freeze of 1894-95 brought Summerlin's citrus farm to an end, and the property was subdivided for housing.
Noted for its late 19th And 20th Century Revivals architecture, it is home to a large portion of the campus of the University of Pittsburgh.
It consists of three sections: the east wing, dating from the early 19th century, the center section, and the west wing.
It is located in Fulton County on a low bluff overlooking the Illinois River.
Ackerman House, is located in Ridgewood, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.
It is locally significant as the first of the highly academic Colonial Revival style homes built in the city.
It is easily recognizable by a painting of a white thunderbolt next to it.
One of the "most venerable and storied mansions in Broward County" it was for sale in 2008.
It was added to the National Register in March 9, 1992.
The fort has also been known as Fort Moosa or Fort Mossa, variants of the Spanish pronunciation.
It encompasses most of the historic maritime village of Fair Haven, with a history dating back to the 18th century.
Built in 1873, this was the first permanent building of Arkansas College, the oldest continuing private college in the state of Arkansas.
The main sacristy is also named as "of the heads".
The Ybor City Museum State Park is located in the district.
Gannon House was an historic home located on the east side of Davenport, Iowa, United States.
In 1985, the bank was acquired by Merchants National Corporation of Indianapolis.
The church was originally built by Michael Sullivan, a local stonemason.
Wealthy heiress Grace Arents helped build many institutions to serve the community.
The Mazique Archeological Site, also known as White Apple Village, is a prehistoric Coles Creek culture archaeological site located in Adams County, Mississippi.
A 1990 remodel restored its original look.
Crescent Boat Club joined the Schuylkill Navy in 1868.
It later served as a post office and as the Lavina Masonic Lodge.
On September 29, 1970, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
It was built in 1857-1858, and is a rectangular, temple-form Greek Revival style frame building with a pedimented front gable roof.
A number of popular architectural styles are represented including Shingle Style, Queen Anne, Tudor Revival, American Foursquare, Colonial Revival and Bungalow style.
The main entrance to the restaurant is recessed and located adjacent to the breezeway building.
About 1880, the Greek Revival entrance and the Italianate front porch were constructed.
It is trapezoid shaped and has a prominent concrete-block loading dock with overhead canopy.
It lies on the shore of Lake Michigan, at the mouth of the St. Joseph River, about 90 miles east-northeast of Chicago.
St Werburgh Chambers consists of a pair of shops in St Werburgh Street, Chester, Cheshire, England, on the south side of the street facing Chester Cathedral.
From 1890 to 1938, that was from a site just to the north of this building.
The Emperor did banish the Uskoks and that was their end.
308 Jefferson Street, a 2-story Queen Anne-style/Colonial Revival-style house with 2-story porches wrapping around two sides.
They are the guard lock and dam constructed between 1834 and 1836 for navigation as part of the Chenango Canal.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
In addition to residences, the district includes a schoolhouse and bridge.
Big Mound Key is just off the mainland of the southern end of Cape Haze, at the entrance to Charlotte Harbor.
It is a heavy timber frame structure on a foundation formed of dressed ashlar marble.
Dalmeny today remains a private house, although it is open to the public during the summer months.
The two story building measures 235 feet by 120 feet and is constructed of brick, steel and reinforced concrete.
It is located in the Naples Historic District.
The Benjamin White House is a historic house at 203 Heath Street in Brookline, Massachusetts.
The farm, mill site and millrace are significant as they represent the intensive nineteenth century agricultural and processing activities in Butler County, Ohio.
It features a fine Eastlake porch, round-arched roof dormers, and handsome Greek Revival style entry.
Among the oldest properties in the district is the house at the corner of Kenilworth and Salem, which was constructed in 1906.
Gardiner Wright Mansion, also known as The Marsh House, is a historic mansion located at Georgetown, Sussex County, Delaware.
According to a legend, the Virgin appeared on an Oak.
The path re-opened on 30 June 2017.
The remainder of the site is owned by the Crown Estate and a number of private landowners.
In July 2008, vandals toppled over 200 headstones in the cemetery, including that of Octavius Valentine Catto.
Grain Belt Golden was the original style introduced in 1893.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
Built in neo-Mudéjar style, it was designed in 1886 and finished in 1890.
The southern elevation, the original front of the building, has more cut stone, although most of the house is constructed of field stone.
For most of its existence in the 20th century, the District has been spared the destruction of many of its historic buildings.
The site is now registered as California Historical Landmark #1026.
The Bethune Blackwater Schooner is a 19th-century schooner shipwrecked near Milton, in Santa Rosa County, Florida, United States.
A ventilator sits atop the center of the gable roof - rather elegant compared with the rest of the building.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
The Sandbach Crosses are two 9th-century stone Anglo-Saxon crosses now erected in the market place in the town of Sandbach, Cheshire, England.
The Monument Square Historic District is a historic district on Main and Water Streets, and Grove Avenue in Leominster, Massachusetts.
It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1979.
The district is a mix of commercial and residential building, with half built between 1860 and 1890. Notable buildings include the United Methodist Church, L.C.
The Charles C. Weldon House is a historic home located at Odessa, New Castle County, Delaware.
Long Meadow Farm, also known as Plank House and Barn, is a historic home and barn located in New Hanover Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.
Guides are dressed in period clothing and demonstrate weaving, hide tanning, milling, blacksmithing and the planting of crops.
The most recent tenants are the nonprofit artist's environmental cooperative Wallkill River School.
Many of these developments, like Washington Terrace, are well-preserved and still gated, patrolled, and functioning as private enclaves.
The late-Renaissance portal has a relief depicting the Annunciation and Assumption of the Virgin.
Civic buildings located within the district are the Richards Library and Warrensburgh Central School.
The district features Colonial Revival, Late Victorian, and Federal architecture and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
The fishpond was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996, as Kalepolepo Fishpond with alternate names Koʻieʻi.e.
It includes Second Empire, Italianate, and Gothic Revival architecture.
The mansion was built in 1917 in the French Provincial style and designed by noted architect Grosvenor Atterbury.
Rockford Park is a historic public park located in a residential area of Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware.
The Arledge Mounds are a pair of Native American mounds in the south central part of the U.S. state of Ohio.
The A. Walsh Stone House and Farm Complex is located along NY 94 in the Orange County town of Cornwall, New York, United States.
Its oldest portion is a log structure, which was expanded with lumber wood framing, and the whole building is now covered with clapboard siding.
The island chain across the South of Castle Harbour is often referred to as the Castle Islands.
It includes a notable collection of 18th century log and stone dwellings.
A confraternity venerating the icon developed, and from 1741 to 1758, the present church with an eclectic style was erected.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
It was located on the bank of the South Fork American River in Coloma, California.
Groot Constantia is the oldest wine estate in South Africa and provincial heritage site in the suburb of Constantia in Cape Town, South Africa.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
North Charlotte Street Historic District is a historic tobacco warehouse complex and national historic district located at Lancaster, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.
The primary boundaries are the north shore of Lake Howard, the southwest shore of Lake Mirror, and the Cannon-Howard Canal.
The church has been in private ownership since 1974.
The Chipman potato house has been modified for tractor access.
It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
It is a Michigan Registered Site and a contributing resource to Mackinac Island's status as a National Historic Landmark.
The Swiftcurrent Auto Camp at Swiftcurrent Lake was created for these new tourists.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
The Downtown Haines City Commercial District is a U.S. historic district located in Haines City, Florida.
The area was once home to a heavily Swedish American community, which settled there in the years following the Great Chicago Fire of 1871.
It was built in 1880 and was added to the National Register in 1998.
It is a two and 1/2-half-story, four-bay frame structure, with a three-bay brick rear portion.
It is a unique example of a triple overshot waterwheel system, two of which are in working order.
Ambrozio Rozas, Sr., purchased the house soon after its construction; his son, Ambrozio Rozas, Jr., and his family occupied the house.
She moved out of the house when she got married at the age of 21 to Gerald Cline, but returned intermittently afterwards.
The Alliance Clay Product Company District is a historic district in Alliance, Ohio, United States.
The Dudleytown Historic District, also known as Clapboard Hill is a historic district in Guilford, Connecticut, located about 1.5 miles northeast of the town center.
The Portuguese Governor's Mansion in Pondicherry, India is a historic building.
Built in 1801, it is an important early design by architect Alexander Parris.
Tellicherry was one of the most important European trading centers of Kerala.
The building is the home of the DeLand Naval Air Station Museum.
The house was rescued from demolition in 2000, and plans are in development to establish a research center and museum dedicated to Patch's life and work.
It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
The area's name comes from the language of the Lenape Indians.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
Church of St. Francis Xavier is a historic church on U.S. Route 61 in Grand Marais, Minnesota, United States.
Uniontown Downtown Historic District is a national historic district located at Uniontown, Fayette County, Pennsylvania.
Uptown–Parker–Gray Historic District is a national historic district located at Alexandria, Virginia.
The Boulder Hot Springs Hotel is a site on the National Register of Historic Places located southeast of Boulder, Montana.
The structures were built between 1865 and 1900, after the fire of 1864.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
The district includes 1,055 contributing buildings in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Doylestown.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
The land was divided into geometrical parcels bounded by dry stone walls.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
The Arrott Building, designed by Frederick J. Osterling, was added to the List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks in 2000.
It is an example of transitional Federal / Greek Revival commercial architecture.
The earliest structures, dating from the late 18th and early 19th century are of log construction, in whole or in part.
It took about 4 years to build.
The post was officially closed in 1884 after years of inactivity.
Constructed by the Grand Lodge between 1901 and 1912, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on September 22, 1980.
Philadelphia magazine awarded it Best Playground of Philly in 2006 and 2008, calling it "a city treasure."
First Baptist Church is a historic church at 809 San Pedro Street in Trinidad, Colorado.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 29, 1997.
The Young House is an historic estate in Jessamine County, Kentucky, United States, in the city of Wilmore off of Kentucky Route 29 on Lexington Road.
He envisioned a community that would be similar to Oak Bluffs on Martha's Vineyard, where the Methodists established a summer campground in 1835.
Colonel John Eager Howard, Governor of Maryland from 1788 to 1791, bought 650 acres and later added more land to "the Mistake" totaling 1,313 acres.
Located on the waterfront and close to the former train station, the pagoda was intended to attract the attention of visitors arriving by rail or water.
The site is located within the bounds of the 1664 patent "The Addition," which was issued in December 1662 to George Skipworth for an 18-acre tract.
The existing property was built as a family retreat, not as a cattle ranch, in a rustic style of construction using logs and board-and-batten techniques.
San Pedro also contains the statue of Jesus known as Jesús el Pobre, or Jesus the Poor, sculpted by Juan Astorga in the late eighteenth century.
79th Street is a local station on the IRT Broadway–Seventh Avenue Line of the New York City Subway.
The five houses were constructed between 1840 and 1850.
There is a small entrance vestibule added sometime in the 1930s or 1940s when the building was converted for school use.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
The Beshtak Palace or Qasr Bashtak is a historic palace and museum in Cairo, Egypt, built by the Mamluk amir Bashtak in the 14th century.
It is owned by the department and in 1946 was listed as one of the official historical monuments of France.
A tradition that the medieval choir stalls in the nearby Lancaster Priory originated from here has been discredited.
Gansevoort–Bellamy Historic District is a national historic district located at Rome in Oneida County, New York, USA.
Trolleys remained critical to Charlotte's development until car No.
Listed on the National Register of Historic Places, it is also a Kentucky Archeological Landmark and State Historic Site.
Hampstead School is a historic school located at Hampstead, Carroll County, Maryland.
Mariemont Historic District and Village of Mariemont are one or two overlapping historic districts in Mariemont, Ohio.
The main house is a five bay wide, stuccoed structure.
The Iredell P. Vaughn House, also known as the Vaughn-Morrow House, is a historic house in Eutaw, Alabama.
He settled at present-day Austinburg in 1799 and, according to local tradition, arranged for the construction of the present house in 1811.
The house was moved from original site beside French Burial Ground in New Milford in 1955-56 to River Edge, New Jersey, about one mile southwest.
Ancient Hawaiian bone lures used to troll for pelagic fish were found in Ulaula Cave, a small lava tube near the village.
The Port Costa School served the community of Port Costa, California from 1911 until it was closed in 1966 due to consolidation.
A large portion the buildings in the historic district were built during the Florida land boom of the 1920s, when Miami experienced rapid population growth.
By 1972 the highway extended to Mile 72 and south 20 miles from Chitina.
Citizens Bank Building, 157 E. Main St.
St. Anne's Roman Catholic Church is a historic church at 7231 Totem Beach Road in Marysville, Washington, United States.
Das Alte Schulhaus, the Old Cherry Spring School, served the children of the community 1860–1878, before being converted for church services.
It is a "T" shaped wood frame structure with a long, rectangular, gable fronted main block.
Lakeshore is a development of flats in the Hartcliffe area of south Bristol, England.
It is the official residence of the Premier of the Western Cape.
It was built by the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad and closed in the late 1940s.
In many cases, improvements, demolition, and new buildings will now require a detailed review.
The wood screen is also ornately carved and dates from the late 15th century.
It is a two-story, three-bay side hall cobblestone structure built in the late Federal / early Greek Revival style.
The Lyon Park Historic District is a national historic district and upper class neighborhood located at Arlington County, Virginia.
The district is named after Flora McFarlane, the area's first solo female homesteader and its first schoolteacher.
Also on the property are the original flanking stone entrance piers and rusted iron gates and casino building.
The Fifth Street Bluff Historic District is a historic district located in Ottumwa, Iowa, United States.
As Mero Archeological District, its boundaries were increased in 1992.
The inner wall ranges up to 2.5 metres high and the outer wall gets up to 1.5 metres high.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
Twelve Mile House is a registered historic building in Sharonville, Ohio, listed in the National Register on September 1, 1976.
Gassaway Watkins returned to Richland to live after his service in the American Revolutionary War.
Also on the property is a stone and frame bank barn, shop, slaughterhouse, and 1 1/2-story frame tenant house built over a spring.
The farmstead includes an early 20th-century barn, a carriage house, and an old privy, as well as the family cemetery of the Marchant family.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Angel Mounds State Historic Site is located on the Ohio River in Vanderburgh and Warrick counties in the southwestern corner of the U.S. state of Indiana.
It has at least 30 closely spaced mounds.
Most of the current digging is performed at the site of the unearthed residence.
Norwood Mound is a prehistoric Native American earthwork mound located in Norwood, Ohio, United States, a suburb of Cincinnati.
On July 10, 1979, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The 956-acre area is located directly across the Tennessee River from Lookout Mountain, site of an American Civil War battle.
It is a 66.5-foot-long, Queenpost truss bridge with a gable roof, constructed in 1919.
Costumed docents provide tours, and exhibits focus on President and Mrs. McKinley, photos of First Ladies, and Victorian decorations.
The home belonged to Henry Leiman, a manufacturer of cigar boxes.
112C, also known as the Iron Hill Museum, is a historic one-room school building located near Newark in New Castle County, Delaware.
It is a late prehistoric archaeological site characterized by shell-tempered pottery and triangular projectile points.
The dwelling styles include Colonial Revival style houses and Modernist twin dwellings designed by noted local architect Charles M. Goodman.
North Broad Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Norwich in Chenango County, New York.
The monument is managed by the National Park Service as part of the National Parks of New York Harbor office.
The house is owned by the Ripon Historical Society and maintained as a historic house museum.
It was where Aung San and 6 cabinet ministers were assassinated on 19 July 1947, now commemorated as Burmese Martyrs' Day.
The college, renamed Gregorian University in 1584 after its benefactor, remained at this location for 286 years until the Capture of Rome in 1870.
The district consists of this small piedmont village, which serves the area as a market center for the surrounding agricultural area.
The Sheetz House, a Federal style house where muskets were manufactured during the American Revolutionary War.
Near the south end is Richmond's Boulevard Bridge across the James River.
Zachariah Price Dewitt Cabin is a registered historic building near Oxford, Ohio, listed in the National Register on 1973-04-13.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
This is one block north Main Street, the historic business and commercial center.
The fort was renovated and undertaken by the Archaeological Survey of India in 1972.
Located in western Vinton County, it lies to the east of the community of Londonderry, at the bottom of a steep-walled valley.
It is a Grade II* listed building.
Southern Christian Institute is a historic institute in Edwards, Mississippi.
It was added to the List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks in 2002.
The congregation was formed by a number of Brown County citizens who dissented from the Norwegian Lutheran community.
Town Clock Church: Originally the Second Presbyterian Church and served the Underground Railroad, it is now the Second Baptist Church.
Located in the Jacksonville neighborhood of LaVilla, the Prime Osborn contains two exhibition halls totaling 78,500 square feet, several ballrooms and meetings rooms.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
Arthur Harold Beal is known as Der Tinkerpaw or Captain Nitt Witt.
The company's mill is still used by Gerdau Ameristeel to recycle and manufacture steel rebar.
The area contains burial mounds and middens, and is believed to have also served for ceremonial purposes.
The Governor's Club, located at 11866 Magnolia St. in Magnolia Springs, Alabama, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 for its significance in education and community planning and development.
The house has well-preserved vernacular Federal styling, including a main entry framed by Doric pilasters and an entablature.
One witness noted that clusters of onlookers, musicians, and dancers represented tribal groupings, with each nation taking their place in different parts of the square.
The district includes more than 100 properties, including the Colonial Revival Town Hall, Banister Memorial Hall, and Romanesque Revival Congregation Church.
Some critics said it was God's punishment for a group of dissenters.
It was donated by William Bradford Home Dowse, who also funded the construction of the 1924 Memory Statue, the town's memorial to its war dead.
Rockstown Castle is a ruined Irish tower house from medieval times in County Limerick, Ireland.
This site has extensive evidence of stone tool making, using materials gathered from the outcrop.
The Congregational Church in Rensselaer Falls, New York is located at 218 Rensselaer St.
It was added to the Register on December 28, 2000.
Built by slaves from native limestone, the Greek Revival structure was completed c. 1840, as the Manor House for Francis R. Ely's 1,629-acre cotton plantation.
At the time of its listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999, it had been owned by the same family since its construction.
In 1984, it received historical designation by the NRHP.
Fairville, Pennsylvania is an unincorporated area in southern Chester County which developed in the early nineteenth century about a mile north of the Pennsylvania-Delaware border.
The Trundle is one of just four hill forts built in Sussex.
The stone was rediscovered during the installation of an electrical road.
The structure to the right of the chimney was added in the 18th century, and there were some early 20th century additions.
Tuscarora is still standing and is used by Eastalco's successor owner, Alcoa as guest house and meeting center.
The Mayworth School, also known as Cramerton School, is a historic school complex located at 236 Eighth Ave. in Cramerton, Gaston County, North Carolina.
The park has also been unofficially known as "Malcolm X Park" by some city residents.
East Hill Historic District is a national historic district located at Ithaca in Tompkins County, New York.
By 1908 a small town had grown around the store, and in 1910 Vible built a dance hall, called The Valhalla.
The stack is situated just below the top of a hill.
The frame structure was designed by the Rev.
The 135-acre farm has been held in the same family since 1738, and features an architecturally distinctive Gothic Revival main house.
Located on Canfield Island in the West Branch Susquehanna River, the site lies east of the city of Williamsport in Loyalsock Township.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
The district is bounded by Ninth Avenue S, 3rd Street, Thirteenth Avenue S, and the Gulf of Mexico.
The commercial and industrial buildings were mostly built from the 1890s through the 1930s.
The steel plaque was replaced the following year with the more permanent wayside rest and monument.
The district was in 2010 named as one of the 1,000 places to visit in Massachusetts by the Great Places in Massachusetts Commission.
In general there is little sign of more than one phase of construction although repairs are evident.
Built in 1907 for lumber magnate William B. Blades, it was designed in the Queen Anne style by prolific local architect Herbert Woodley Simpson.
It was built about 1870, and consists of a 2 1/2-story, five bay brick main block with a service ell and later frame kitchen addition.
The poet John Betjeman inherited the remaining lease in 1962 but did not extend it.
It was built in 1910 in a Classical Revival style and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Joseph Plantation; it was commandeered by the British and fortified as a temporary military outpost in what is now South Carolina during the American Revolutionary War.
Lac qui Parle is a French translation of the native Dakota name, meaning "lake which speaks".
It is one of more than eighty National Register properties in Butler County.
The site is believed to have been along the southern fringe of the hypothesized Bering land bridge, by which the Americas were first settled.
The Chew-Powell House is a historic building in the Blenheim section of Gloucester Township, Camden County, New Jersey, United States.
The building was started in 1928 and was added to the National Register in 1982.
The district includes 18 contributing buildings in the crossroads village of Holicong.
The Williams family saved the farm from destruction in the 1940s and in the 1970s.
Dinwiddie County Court House is a historic courthouse building located at the junction of U.S. 1 and VA 619 in Dinwiddie, Dinwiddie County, Virginia.
The Church of the Good Shepherd is a historic Episcopal church located at 1448 Highway 107 South in Cashiers, Jackson County, North Carolina.
The 1885 cathedral structure is one of the last remaining buildings from the early period of Los Angeles history.
The painting of the pioneer is by the war artist Cyrus Cunoe, who executed a series of paintings for the Canadian Pacific Railway.
New Albany National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in the city of New Albany, in Floyd County, Indiana.
In 1953, the building was sold to the Christian Science Society.
Since 2016, the bridge and its surroundings have been managed by the Commonwealth of Virginia as Natural Bridge State Park.
Stephen removed first to Phelps, New York before 1804, and than to Elyria, Ohio, where he raised his family.
It once served as St. John's College Infirmary.
It was built in 1909 by Belle Booth who married R. L. McKenzie in 1912; the house was enlarged in 1925.
It was used until the Durham school district was consolidated into that of Elkins in 1948.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
The East Broad Street Historic District in Columbus, Ohio is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
Also on the property is a private cemetery of the Barnes/Compton family, who owned and occupied the property from at least 1783 until 1873.
One American physician remarked that it had "the reputation of having been one of the most magnificent edifices of the West Indies."
The house features a wrap-around porch with Doric order column posts.
Between 1900 and 1925, Monument Avenue greatly expanded with architecturally significant houses, churches and apartment buildings.
A1A also serves as a major thoroughfare through Miami Beach and other south Florida coastal cities.
It features cast-stone trimmings with classical motifs and an elaborate cast-stone classically styled parapet.
The frescoes or murals in this cave are reported to be the oldest antiquaries of Kerala style of murals.
The property is a 375-acre farmstead, centered on an inn that served teamsters and the nearby community during the 1840s.
Located in the district and separately listed is the Jefferson School.
The district encompasses 55 contributing buildings and 1 contributing site associated with estates centering on the ambitious summer houses of the prominent Charlestonians.
St Mary's tower dates from around 1500 and was built in four stages replacing an earlier central tower.
Objects come not only from Iberia but also from major centers of medieval artistry, including Limoges and Egypt.
Mordington, also known as the Douqlass House, is a historic home located near Frederica, Kent County, Delaware.
A portion of the office annex was built along with the banking hall in 1954.
The Arts and Crafts style house was designed by the Omaha architectural firm of Fisher and Lawrie and built in 1909.
A ferry was established in 1791, and the following year a blockhouse was built on the river's east bank.
The Federal style building incorporates Greek Revival detailing in the interior.
It was listed as a Michigan State Historic Site in 1976, and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
When listed in 1994, the building was vacant and not in use.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
The interior includes a Norman font and has a Jacobean pulpit from 1634.
The building was built in 1859 "by the Martha's Vineyard Agricultural Society at the crossroads of the Island".
It was placed on the Register in 1997 for its significance as a recreation and architecture site.
The original cost to build the home was $1.6 million.
The foundation is made of granite from St.
It is a triangular-shaped parcel of land located at the intersection of Summer Street and Dean Street.
Fairfield House is a historic house in Stogursey, Somerset, England.
For more than a century, the black walnut original weatherboarding remained in place, but new siding was installed over the original in 1952.
The House of Cordón is a building located in Vitoria, Spain.
Harrell Site, is a Native American archeological site near South Bend in southern Young County, Texas.
The green was laid out in 1717, and many of the district's historic buildings were built over the next 150 years.
Hamilton Park is a neighborhood in Historic Downtown Jersey City, Hudson County, New Jersey, United States, centered on a park with the same name.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
The Laurel School Historic District is a 217-acre historic district in Fort Collins, Colorado, United States.
It is one of three Mohawk Indian village sites excavated by archaeologist Robert E. Funk in 1969-1970.
First Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church at 325 Elm Street in Idaho Falls, Idaho.
Some inscriptions belonging to the 9th century are also found here.
At present, the fort is in dilapidated condition.
The Church of San Dionisio is a church located in Jerez de la Frontera, Andalusia, Spain.
The tower contains a bell dating from 1779 and made by William Bilbie of the Bilbie family.
It is primarily residential and many of the earlier houses in the district represent the “small house” movement of the 1920s and 1930s.
The upper stories feature arched windows capped by pediments and a pilaster supporting the cornice atop the building.
West Pennard Court Barn is a late 14th or early 15th century tithe barn which was built for Glastonbury Abbey.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980, and increased in size in 2014.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
It is financed on behalf of the National Trust by Cheshire East Council.
John C. Vansant House is a historic home located near Newark, New Castle County, Delaware.
Another reference says that the workforce eventually reached almost 300.
In 1903, he sold the house to Judge E. N. Rector, a Merced County Superior Court judge, who lived in the house until his 1941 death.
It is located at 10701 Dean Street.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
Duck Creek Lutheran Church and Cemetery is a historic church located outside of Lodgepole in rural Perkins County, South Dakota.
The Iglesia-convento de Santa Teresa is a church located in Ávila, Spain.
It comprises a dwelling house, a grist mill, and a Bollman-design bridge.
Kizhi Pogost is a historical site dating from the 17th century on Kizhi island.
It is located at 6 Goodspeed Street, across Wilson Stream from Main Street and just north of the town's central business district.
It has been dated to 2220 BC with a time window of 80 years on either side.
Construction was thereafter led by local carpenter and stonemason Richard Nathaniel Lyons, Sr. Dudley consecrated the new church of St. Thomas, Beattyvile, on November 15, 1903.
At 145 feet, the 12-story Mills Building was the tallest building in El Paso when completed.
Roughly bounded by 3rd, 5th, Sycamore, Commercial Sq., and Butler Sts.
The 27th Street Historic District is a historic district in the South Los Angeles area of Los Angeles, California.
The upper Fox was slow and meandering - even the dredges got stuck there.
The clock tower continued to stand until the 1952 Kern County earthquake sequence took place in July and August.
The Haley House was one of the neighborhood's most elaborate homes.
It includes the General Laundry Building and the Jean Marie Saux Building which are separately listed on the NRHP.
The home is now a historic house museum reflecting Edwardian period decorations, and is operated by the Ontario Heritage Trust.
The Edwin Abbot House at 1 Follen Street.
Walton Wait House is a historic home located at Parkersburg, Wood County, West Virginia.
They sold it in 1890 to their niece Caroline Hampton and her new husband, Dr. William Halsted, a prominent surgeon.
The site of the house has been a seat of the Cholmondeley family since the 12th century.
The miller's house was built in about 1820, and is a 1 1/2-half-story, three-bay, gable-roofed stone cottage built on a high basement.
Trinity Community Church planned to restore it and incorporate it into a new church on the site, but discovered that the mortar was no longer sound.
It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1993.
All the commercial buildings in the historic district face towards Ballard Avenue.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
She sold the land to Bartlesville in 1917.
It was built in 1970 in honour of Swami Vivekananda who is said to have attained enlightenment on the rock.
The Parkersburg Carnegie Library is a historic library building located at Parkersburg, Wood County, West Virginia.
The site is currently an underwater conservation area.
A notable industrial site is the former Seneca Knitting Mills complex.
The area was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
Dr. Robert Walter Johnson was a Lynchburg physician, the first minority doctor in the entire city to be granted practice rights at the Lynchburg General Hospital.
It was built in 1890 and was added to the National Register in 1987.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
It is designated as a historic bridge by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
The Robbins Hotel was a historic hotel building in Beatrice, Alabama.
It is a Cultural Monument of Albania.
The Anderson Banking Company began business on January 30, 1890.
The Charles William Jones House is a historic home in Pensacola, Florida.
Acheson House is a 17th-century house in the Old Town of Edinburgh, Scotland.
Murchison School is a historic 1902 school building in Bennettsville, South Carolina.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Leonie Pray House, also known as "Dawson-Pray House," is a Long Beach Historic Landmark located in the Bixby Knolls section of Long Beach, California.
Although once used as a house of worship, it has been home to the Griggs Grange since the chapter's founding in April 1897.
From Belle Isle, one can see Hollywood Cemetery, the old Tredegar Iron Works, and Richmond City's skyline.
In 1867, the congregation had grown large enough to no longer need the support of the Presbyterian diocese, and it affiliated fully with the Congregationalists.
The house was later the home of Lowndes’ son-in-law, Benjamin Stoddert, first Secretary of the Navy.
The Schmidt-Godert Farm is a historic site in Panama City, Florida.
The church was built to replace the Old St. Augustine Church which was completed in 1801.
The Old Polk County Courthouse is an historic courthouse in Bartow, Florida, located at 100 East Main Street.
The district was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 22, 1993.
Naval Station in Key West, Florida, United States is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on January 11, 1983.
The Church of Santa María de la Varga is a former church located in Uceda, Spain.
It encompasses 12 contributing buildings along the east and west banks of the West Branch Brandywine Creek in the village of Embreeville.
The Henry Shoemaker Farmhouse is a circa 1810 Federal style farmhouse which was involved in the Battle of South Mountain in 1862.
Uneek Havana Cigar Company, also known as Sprecht Clothing Company, is a historic factory building located at Blooming Glen, Hilltown Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.
It was built in the early 1920s on five acres of landscaped grounds in a Tudor revival structure.
The Snead Mound is a Native American mound in the southwestern portion of the U.S. state of Ohio.
Eastwood Park has also been the home to the Jewish Synagogue and the Greek Orthodox Church, which is still located here.
It is located on the Mayor street, corner of calle Bailén Street.
In 1988 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Currently serving as The Good Shepherd Rehabilitation and Healthcare Campus
It contains three historically significant structures: a large five-bay rubblestone bank house with Federal detailing, a one-story rubblestone spring house, and a one-story board-and-batten frame shop.
This edifice was expanded in the early 1850s when a Philip Scheld turned it into a two-story building and founded Scheld's Sacramento Brewery.
Johnson School, also known as Warwick No.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in June 11, 1991.
Airy Hill is a historic home located at Chestertown, Kent County, Maryland, United States.
Gabriel Diaz Vara Calderón, Bishop of Cuba, who visited the Florida missions in 1674-5, noted that the San Francisco mission was abandoned.
The bridge connects 10th Avenue Southeast, on the east side of the Mississippi River to 19th Avenue South, on the west side.
The boundaries were subsequently increased on August 30, 1984.
It was vested in the Trust on 1 July 1986.
Fort Sanders was a wooden fort constructed in 1866 on the Laramie Plains in southern Wyoming, near the city of Laramie.
The mound complex, major earthworks built out of earth and shell middens, was constructed by ancient indigenous peoples.
An inscribed stone marker near Highway 144, erected by the county, records a brief history of the fort.
The Grant County Courthouse, which was designed and built in 1930, is located at the end of Broadway.
The earliest buildings date from the 1830s and are Greek Revival in style.
Built in 1859 for Abram Lydecker, both Confederate and Union Army troops occupied the house during the American Civil War.
The church was dedicated by the same bishop on October 10, 1842.
Evidence of prehistoric man exists in the vicinity dating to the Iron Age in the form of ring cairns.
The park was established in 1911 by condemnation of property owned by Denver mayor Robert W. Speer's Arlington Park Realty Company.
It was also the center of missionary activities.
Nationally, the discovery allowed Canada to become self-sufficient within a decade and ultimately a major exporter of oil.
The area takes it name from the Basilica of the Assumption which sits in the heart of the district.
The site is currently owned by Duro Industries, a textile dyeing and finishing company.
Located at the edge of what was once one of the city's leading commercial complexes, it has been named a historic site.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
On December 22, 1988, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
There are plans to restore service to Racine station as part of a commuter line between Milwaukee and Kenosha.
The company at first manufactured paper shirt collars, but later also produced paper and paper-fabric combinations for use in products like wall charts and maps.
The construction of the Tower of Portu began in around 1551.
The James House was the home of Daniel "Chappie" James, Jr. in Pensacola, Florida.
Its success in producing and selling sacramental or altar wine for the Roman Catholic Church helped it to survive national Prohibition.
The sunken plaza and its amphitheater was designed by landscape architect M. Paul Friedberg and built in 1975 alongside Orchestra Hall.
At the time, ranchers were a powerful influence on state government, and Biddle's legislature passed several laws supported by the ranching industry.
It was built in 1656 on the site of a previous manor house, and since been extended.
Dr. Peter Allen House is a registered historic building near Kinsman, Ohio, listed in the National Register on 1971-09-03.
The largest platform mound at the site, Mound B, is 23 feet in height with a base of 150 feet by 200 feet.
Until 2011 it was used as a youth hostel, operated by the Scottish Youth Hostels Association.
Oakland Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 14780 TN S in Oakland, Tennessee.
It is a two story, five bay Shingle Style dwelling with a cross gabled, gambrel style cedar shingled roof.
Charles Bulfinch, after whom the district is named, contributed to the layout of its streets, though he did not design any of the buildings presently standing.
As a railroad division point, Havre became home to white-collar workers who built smaller homes in the district.
Before and after selling Highland, Monroe spent much of his time living at Oak Hill.
"Burning men and women at the stake is a relic of aboriginal amusement".
The development was the beginning of the modern settlement of Redstone.
It is situated next to Kesava Deo Temple and a mosque(Shahi-Eidgah Mosque), photography is banned inside the complex by the government.
Also on the property are a contributing hay barn, barn, and mash furnace.
Aldford Lodge consists of a pair of cottages at the Aldford entrance to Eaton Hall, Cheshire, England.
The east-most room had a brick floor and a large fireplace, likely meaning this room became the new kitchen.
It is a 24 feet by 56 feet rectangular church with a 4 feet vestibule, built on a high 5.5 feet stone foundation.
John's son Basil inherited Pleasant Hill and lived there until he sold the property in the first decade of the 20th.
Extensive rebuilding work since 2000 has included the insertion of an oak staircase and addition of a first floor above the education department.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
It is built in the Greek Revival style, with a raised pier brick foundation.
It was taken over by William Sibley's West of England Engineering Company, who lasted until the 1920s.
Most of the architecture in the district is in the Federal and Greek Revival styles popular in the late 18th to mid 19th centuries.
It became a Cultural Monument of Albania in 1984.
The primary facade is five bays wide, with a one-story porch spanning the entire width.
The first teacher hired by the Miami-Dade County School Board to instruct pioneer children of Coconut Grove, Flora McFarlane, was contracted in November 1889.
It housed students from first grade through high school until 1956.
Blackburne House stands on the east side of Hope Street, Liverpool, Merseyside, England.
The program, inspired by the Country Life Movement, sought to develop rural communities such as Pine Grove and improve the quality of life of its residents.
Since that time, some of the contributing buildings have been demolished, such as some garages behind houses, but the character of the district is generally preserved.
It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1884.
It is bounded by Congress, Pearl, Federal and Market streets.
Two years later Nathan and Clarissa Green built their house next door.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
The interior features a mural by noted artist Louis Grell.
The Ann Street Historic District is a historic district encompassing part of Downtown Hartford in Hartford, Connecticut.
The design is influenced by the Greek Revival, Italianate, and Georgian styles.
The Louis Ducros House is a historic home in Clearwater, Florida.
The district contains over 400 structures with an area of 96 acres and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
These elements, together with the house's blockish shape, combine to give it the appearance of an Italianate residence with Neo-Renaissance influences.
The first phase, built in 1906–08, was designed by Arthur Beresford Pite, and the 1932 extension is by W. H. Gunton.
The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
It was designed by the New York firm of Ackerman & Ross in the style of Beaux-Arts architecture.
Collett Park Neighborhood Historic District is a residential area in Terre Haute, Vigo County, Indiana, surrounding Collett Park.
It is the type site for the Cody complex.
The building was constructed of hollow concrete blocks and sand dredged from the nearby beach setting the standard for modern construction in the region.
The house was constructed as the residence of a prominent citizen, John H. Traband, who was a successful businessman and landholder in Upper Marlboro.
The tower was built between 1605 and 1606 under the direction of Giacomo della Piana.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
The mill grinds flour using millstones and a 21-foot overshot water wheel.
The building currently hosts St. James' Christian Episcopal Church.
The residential section is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is designated as a City of Detroit Historic District.
With the opening of the Thomas Viaduct in 1836, the Patapsco Valley south of the river was easily accessible to Baltimoreans.
Andrew Carnegie acquired Shadowbrook in 1917 and died there in 1919.
Passenger service to the station ended in 1967, and the station moved to a new location in 1972.
The Morrow House originally stood along with a number of outbuildings on a 24-acre parcel of farmland.
Corral Lake Lookout Tree, reference number 91001954, 36°36′18″N 112°15′58″W
It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
Walthill also pursued a petition drive which failed after Pender advocates established that there was fraud in obtaining signatures.
The Snake River Land Company Residence and Office are structures associated with John D. Rockefeller, Jr.'s acquisition of land in Jackson Hole, Wyoming.
The Reverend Jesse R. Ziegler Residence is a Frank Lloyd Wright house in Frankfort, Kentucky.
The interior is built entirely of wood, and the altar rail and lectern are made of birch logs.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 5, 2008.
Kloster Grüssau, a 1242 Benedictine foundation, from 1289 to 1810 was run by Cistercians, until it was secularized by the Prussian state.
At the time, the land just across the canal from the park remained undeveloped marshlands, and was used for hunting.
Unlike other historic districts that have a predominance of similar period homes, the district is a unique timeline of architectural styles.
The city hall not only has a similar limestone name block, but the right and left bays of the hall have limestone diamonds above them.
Harnsberger's brother Robert built an octagonal barn a few miles away in 1867, which is also listed on the National Register.
The Kootenai Lodge Historic District is a site on the National Register of Historic Places located in Bigfork, Montana.
It is located at 2007 East Gadsden Street.
Kuadam was to the north of the ancient Paqruli river about 700 kaadham south of the Kumari river delta.
The library was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 6, 1986.
The fittings include a Jacobean pulpit, dated 1625, and 16th-century benchends.
The district is bounded by 6th Avenue, 13th Street, 10th Avenue and 22nd Street, East Broadway between 13th and 22nd Streets.
Whiteford–Cardiff Historic District is a national historic district at Cardiff and Whiteford, Harford County, Maryland, United States.
The mounds were estimated to have been used for burial from 400 - 900 AD, and they were part of the Glades culture.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
The interior features a large living room and three smaller rooms.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Woodbridge is a historic neighborhood of primarily Victorian homes located in Detroit, Michigan.
The expanded district included 343 contributing buildings, one other structure, three sites, and one object.
Amongst these are his daughter Martha and her husband, former Tennessee United States Senator David T. Patterson.
Approximately 500 Tolowa decided to leave, and the remaining 1,500 stayed only because the Army promised to keep the peace.
Walnut Hills United Presbyterian Church is a historic church tower in the Walnut Hills neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.
Cowper House is a former town house at 12 Bridge Street, Chester, Cheshire, England.
It sank along with most of the fleet during a hurricane that struck the coast shortly after Luna's arrival.
The original first-floor wooden porch columns had been replaced by stucco-covered masonry.
There are no remaining windows, and most of the doors and staircase baluster are gone.
Bathwick Hill in Bath, Somerset, England is a street lined with historic houses, many of which are designated as listed buildings.
On August 4, 2015, a fire broke out in the church, ultimately destroying a baptistery and a shrine.
It was designed by Francisco de Mora, although works was directed by Juan Gómez de Mora and executed by Captain Alonso Turrillo from 1608 to 1613.
It sits on a stone foundation, has a gable roof, and features a projecting, centered, two-story brick belfry.
In the 2010 census, the City gained population for the first time since 1930.
The facility is considered surplus by the GSA and was put up for auction in the fall of 2013.
The residential buildings are predominantly 2 1/2-story, stuccoed stone structures, some of which date to mid-18th century.
When listed, the National Register historic district included 70 contributing buildings, 20 non-contributing buildings, and one non-contributing site.
It remained in commercial use into the 1970s.
After the war, this site was considered for the capital for the newly formed state of South Carolina, before Columbia was chosen.
Twenty-eight buildings contribute to the historic district, most date from the early 1900s, the most recent is from 1934.
Also included is an iron truss bridge erected in 1899.
The church is best known for its Baroque bell-tower or Giralda.
The church steeple is capped with four pinnacles and contains the 1804 bell from the third meetinghouse.
The building was added to the National Register in 1998.
It includes Late 19th and Early 20th Century American Movements and other architecture among its 1,211 contributing resources.
841 Center Street The George Freer House, Victorian Vernacular Architecture
The most notable residence is Rose Dale, constructed in the late-1850s as a plantation house.
It has remained unaltered, and the Shulman House was designated a Historic-Cultural Monument by the City of Los Angeles in 1987.
It includes 530 contributing buildings and one contributing site over a 200 acres area.
The Whipple company store is a must see for any historic enthusiast.
The axes meet in an oval swimming pool.
After a few different attempts, the most recent owners dramatically renovated the house with the intention of creating a bed and breakfast.
It is located at 489 Congress Street and is operated by the Maine Historical Society.
It comprises 62 contributing buildings, one contributing site, and two contributing objects.
The site consists of two parcels located on Corner Street, between Pleasant Street and Columbus Street in Lodi, Wisconsin, United States.
In 1980, the Welsh Presbyterian Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places, qualifying because of its architecture.
The Andrew Kerr House is a historic home located near Newark, New Castle County, Delaware.
The district is linear and runs along Route 149.
On the summit side of Highway 79, a moderately sized herd of buffalo roams the base of the mountain.
It was commandeered by the British military at the outbreak of the War of 1812 and then captured by the Americans a year later.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
The 2 story buildings have Mansard roofs.
It was added to the National Register in November 16, 1979.
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Knox County, Tennessee.
In 1910, the area’s residents rallied together to build a club house on this site.
The Agate Basin Site is a Paleoindian archeological site in Niobrara County, Wyoming.
Bernot and Brothers dye works, Gaul, Derr, and Shearer building, Security Elevator factory, and the Alemite Lubricator Company offices.
It is located at 204 Brazilian Avenue.
There is also a fallout shelter inside with five inch concrete walls and capabilities to hold up to 400 people for 6 months
It contains one of the nation's highest concentrations of immigrant Belgian and Belgian-American culture, land use, and architecture.
There were several phases of expansion, mainly under Kings Richard the Lionheart, Henry III, and Edward I in the 12th and 13th centuries.
In the 13th-century, the region was under the rule of the militant knights of the Order of Santiago.
Invasive sumac plants and eastern juniper trees require control to preserve the original prairie ecology.
It is significant as "an outstanding and highly intact representation of early-twentieth century landscape architectural design."
It is located at 1901 Webber Street.
It is a two-story structure finished in fieldstone on the first level and stucco on the second.
The house and garden are open to the public at advertised times, and are administered by a charitable trust.
It is located at 221-233 Northwest 9th Street.
The structure was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on December 22, 1978.
Agate House is a partially reconstructed Puebloan building in Petrified Forest National Park, built almost entirely of petrified wood.
In 1850, a school was constructed on adjacent land which came under administration of the Oblate Sisters of Providence in 1858.
About 270 buildings lie within the district.
Located at 405 South Adams Street, the old church is now part of Historic Pensacola Village and is shown as part of the daily tours.
The 1970 excavation suggests the 12th century or later.
Restoration began, and the Kaukauna locks are planned to reopen in 2017.
A notable feature is the cup-marked stones in the circles which seem to suggest an astronomical significance.
The Old Mill Road Bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places listings in Bexar County, Texas on July 30, 1974.
It was vested in the Trust on 1 July 1988.
The Ocean Wave was a scow schooner that sank in Lake Michigan off the coast of Door County, Wisconsin, United States.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Falls Village derives its name from a waterfall, known as Great Falls, which is formed along the Housatonic River within the village.
It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on November 14, 1985.
The keep is the second smallest surviving stone-built keep in England.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
The Vernacular wood frame building features Late 19th And Early 20th Century American Movement styles and was constructed in 1896.
Trusty owned a bar, five houses, and two Main Street Business properties.
This is, for the most part, the church building visible today.
It was coined by Chester Rapkin, an urban planner and author of The South Houston Industrial Area study, also known as the "Rapkin Report".
In 1947 the Fibreboard Corporation bought the building for its research.
Pacheco gave the land surrounding this adobe to the refugees of the earthquake-flood of 1868, and the community—previously known as Todos Santos—became known as Concord.
It was used by the French Benevolent and Mutual Aid Society of New Orleans, as the "French Hospital", until 1949.
The main house was built about 1847-1848, and is a two-story, five-bay, hipped-roof frame building with a three-bay north wing.
In 2003, faced with a declining downtown, a major streetscape renovation project began as part of the Kentucky Main Street Program.
Both Melrose and the William Johnson House contain furnishings related to life in antebellum Natchez and other exhibits.
It was built in 1860s, and adapted for use as worker housing for G.H.
The surrounding land provided an orchard and herb garden.
Picnics, dances, political rallies, a precinct voting station and observation tower during World War II were some of the uses the community found for the building.
The Joys was a steamboat that sank in Lake Michigan off the coast of Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin, United States.
Morrissey found the old sign while rummaging around in the underground part of the theater.
The remains of the houses were demolished and removed to allow Hedgemead Park to be built.
In Genoese documents the tower is called the tower of Ampuglia.
The site is located in the Coso Range 6 miles northwest of Coso Hot Springs.
They are the Russia Union Church, Russia District School No.
The oldest building is the Collins-Sharp House.
The Seth French House is a historic house located at 319 East French Avenue in Orange City, Florida.
The house at #15 is a  2 1⁄2-story wood frame building that has retained its Federal styling.
The Clarksburg School is a historic building located at Clarksburg, Montgomery County, Maryland, United States.
It includes 33 contributing buildings over a 4 acres area, located just southwest of the city's central business district.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
Pottstown Landing Historic District is a national historic district located in North Coventry Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.
It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1996.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
Louis Comfort Tiffany's studio was commissioned to design the fifteen memorial compass windows.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
It stands in Silver Run under a Westminster, MD zip code.
A porch extended across the entire front, permitting access to the higher level first floor, but that has long since disappeared.
A two-storey house in the grounds, was originally a brewhouse or dairy.
On November 7, 1997, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The Old City District occupies several blocks between Front and Sixth Streets, bounded by Vine Street to the north and Walnut Street to the south.
It is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
The name is spelled Pittarthie and Pittairthie in extant records.
The Prince Hall Masonic Temple in South Los Angeles area of Los Angeles, California is a historic club building associated with Prince Hall Freemasonry.
It was settled in the seventeenth century, with the soil being ruined by intensive tobacco cultivation by 1800.
The Kincaid Mounds Historic Site c. 1050-1400 CE, is the site of a city from the prehistoric Mississippian culture.
It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1970.
They hired prominent Baltimore architect Bayard Turnbull  to renovate and expand the main house over the period from 1919 to 1920.
The Tower of Capu Neru is a Genoese tower located in the commune of Coti-Chiavari on the west coast of the Corsica.
The house is located at 470 L.B.
He then married Caroline Campbell in 1876.
The Naperville Historic District is a set of 613 buildings in Naperville, Illinois.
The houses of Lower Price Hill were built to house the people who worked in this area.
It is now a nonprofit museum operated by Historic New England and open to the public several days a year.
The word "University" was dropped from the institutional name in 2008.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
The Woodsboro and Frederick Turnpike Company Tollhouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
The hospital closed in closed on October 31, 1949.
The architecture firm of Bliss and Fairweather designed the building in 1931, and it was built in 1932-33.
The entire house has an area of 7,000 square feet.
The new Huntington Convention Center of Cleveland opened in 2013 and has underground connections to Public Auditorium and the Global Center for Health Innovation.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
In the 1810 United States Census, the population center of the United States was recorded as being just northwest of the village.
The revival of the Mills sparked a revival of the City of Cohoes.
Ashton Hall is a largely rebuilt 14th-century mansion in the civil parish of Thurnham, Lancashire, England.
Visitors are given guided tours of the recreated county offices and courtroom.
The following buildings were added to the National Register of Historic Places as part of the Sarasota Multiple Resource Area.
The last additions, to include the stately columned-front porch and west wing, were built in 1972 by Jerry Hockman.
The chapel houses the sepulchre of Martín Vázquez de Arce.
When the county was formed, the newly installed justices were empowered to choose a time and place for holding their first court.
It is located at the Lange Voorhout 102, 2514 EJ, The Hague.
It was originally built as a garage, and was converted to a theatre in 1925.
It was completed in early March 1901.
Broadway, as implied by its name, was built wide enough to accommodate teams of 16 mules or horses.
It encompasses 111 contributing buildings, three contributing sites, and 88 contributing structures.
It was listed for sale by the city in February 2014.
The 4,160-square-foot flexible black-box space featuring retractable telescoping seating risers and a portable stage platform.
The building was designed in a vernacular Greek Revival style, a popular style during the Gold Rush.
It was built in a Late-Gothic Revival style in 1926 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
McKinley School is a registered historic building in Cincinnati, Ohio, listed in the National Register of Historic Places on August 24, 1979.
One of the first and most successful hotels in the town, the Flomaton Hotel depended on the railway passenger traffic until the 1930s.
The property was renovated with architectural work by Jeffrey Dale Bianco, AIA.
The Central Academy is a historic site in Palatka, Florida.
During World War II the auditorium's balcony was renovated to house a dual library for this school and Bennettsville High, after the high school burned.
The submerged and emergent lands at the atoll are a unit of the Pacific Remote Islands Marine National Monument.
The Washington Heights Historic District is located in the Adams Morgan neighborhood of Washington, D.C..
It was built by Henry August Kaese, Sr., an immigrant miller from Germany who settled in Garrett County shortly after the American Civil War.
Holker Hall is Paley and Austin's "most important country house commission."
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
Constructed in the 1900s for a large congregation, its architecture includes numerous elements seen in older grand churches, and it has been named a historic site.
The Quinebaug River Prehistoric Archeological District encompasses a collection of prehistoric archaeological sites near the Quinebaug River in Canterbury, Connecticut.
The houses at 332 and 334 Otis Street are nearly mirror images of one another, with off-center projecting pavilions and hip roofs.
It originally operated as a camp for undernourished children predisposed to tuberculosis.
The Druin-Horner House near Richmond in Henrico County, Virginia, USA, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
The William Peter Webb House is a historic house in Eutaw, Alabama.
Baker House, a Federal style brick house with a Roman Revival porch, dating to the 1790s.
Moyer Site is an historic site in Keens Mills, Maine.
The structure was enlarged from 1622 to 1624, and survived in this form for a century and a half.
The bridge spans over the Clear Fork of the Trinity River.
They include commercial warehouses built of brick and stone, small commercial buildings, housing specialty shops and eateries, and frame dwellings.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 4, 1973.
Little Havana is the best known neighborhood for Cuban exiles in the world.
The George Randolph Frisbee Jr. House is a historic house located at 2125 Palmetto Street in Middleburg, Florida.
It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986.
Atop the building is a limestone cornice.
4, the Ruffell Log Cabin, and the site of a 19th-century sawmill and house.
Excavations at the site have also yielded a variety of stone tools, which were used for various purposes and also indicate long-term habitation of the site.
It was named after George Trim who owned the land.
In the bottom two layers, individual shells were generally 5–8 inches long.
Lone Fir Cemetery in the southeast section of Portland, Oregon, United States is a cemetery owned and maintained by Metro, a regional government entity.
The building was built in approximately 1926 as the second branch of Hancock County Bank.
Notable buildings include the Farmers Bank, Jake's Market, Wilmington and Brandywine Bank, Joshua Conner and Sons, J.T.
For many years the portage was part of an important route from Lower Canada to the interior of the North American continent.
Mitchell was an American general who is regarded as the father of the U.S. Air Force.
The hall was reconstructed and reduced in size in 1928.
8 Elizabeth Street, Italianate, c. 1875, with Colonial Revival entrance porch
It is now called the Madison and was designated a landmark in 1970.
The Yellowhead Pass is a mountain pass across the Continental Divide of the Americas in the Canadian Rockies.
With many of its rooms redecorated to resemble their condition in 1665, and replanted Renaissance gardens, it is now run as a tourist attraction.
Located just north of the Moses Brown School campus, this is an enclave of 53 tasteful yet conservative houses built between about 1880 and 1938.
A firetruck driven by Santa turns the lights on the first week after Thanksgiving.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 1, 1984.
John Buehler, the first sheriff of Buffalo County, bought the hotel in 1872.
The Great Hall, and additional work of 1910 and 1925–6, are listed Grade II*.
The mosque illustrates a fine example of the provincial mughal style of architecture introduced in Bangladesh in the 17th Century.
Number 14 and number 9 are 3 storey residential buildings.
It is a 2-story, three-bay-wide, rectangular frame structure with a  1 1⁄2-story front projecting vestibule / entrance block.
The Rial Chew family established the ranch in 1900, operating it as a park inholding after the national monument was established in 1919.
Boswell's Tavern is an excellent example of a complete 18th century tavern in Virginia.
The dominant styles include Shingle cottages, Dutch Colonial Revival houses, Foursquares, and Craftsman Bungalows.
Some archaeologists believe that the Hopewell culture traded the brightly colored flint from this area for materials from other areas of North America.
It is one of three districts on the National Register in Huron County, along with West Main Street in Norwalk and the county courthouse complex.
The house and the service wings are each recorded in the National Heritage List for England as designated Grade I listed buildings.
In that year he also moved in a row of fishing shacks that were used for guest rooms and later, for small shops.
It features a cupola at the center of the roof and a large 2-story portico with four Doric order columns.
The architecturally eclectic 1.5 story brick-and-stone building was built in 1907-8 to a design by Warren Lyman Floyd, a local architect.
It replaced the Emerald Mound Site in this role.
It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1990.
This expansion was paid for by Lady Margaret Beaufort.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
Among the neighborhood's leading residents was a colony of Jews of German descent.
It is located at 167 San Marco Avenue.
At the top of the dome is a small open belfry consisting of a circle of small Ionic columns supporting a hemispherical dome.
Trovinger Mill, also known as Rohrer's Mill, is a historic grist mill located in Hagerstown, Washington County, Maryland, United States.
At the rear of the house is an 18th-century falcon mews.
The Smithfield Road Historic District is a rural historic district in North Smithfield, Rhode Island along Old Smithfield Road.
In addition to their age and architectural significance, all six buildings are notable for their association with the families of some of its earliest settlers.
Blauvelt House, is located in Harrington Park, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.
Trousdale Place is a historic mansion in Gallatin, Sumner County, Tennessee.
Vyšehrad is a historic fort located in the city of Prague, Czech Republic.
Over the years, church activities shifted to accommodate the changing social and religious life of local residents.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
The Capitol Hill neighborhood today straddles two quadrants of the city, Southeast and Northeast.
While Jane's father Thomas Rolfe never lived at Kippax Plantation, it is believed that he was buried there, as were Robert and Jane.
His family continued living there until the 1970s.
The houses are set on relatively uniform large lots, generally set close to the street, and represent a fine collection of Late Victorian upper-class housing.
508 Center Street The Philip A. Myers House, Italian Villa Architecture
The Harmony Mills is featured on the Home Page of the New York State Historic Preservation Office Website, as a leading example of historic preservation development.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
On February 5, 1998, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The preponderance of houses in the district are Colonial Revival in character.
The building was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1961.
It is a 26 by 40 feet building from Oregon's early settlement period, built of local sandstone in 1872.
It is managed by Zachary Taylor National Cemetery.
The Hotel Stockton was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 1, 1981.
North and East of the town of East Duke, Oklahoma.
The block was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 18, 1985.
The Strickland-Herold House is a historic home in Miccosukee, Florida, United States.
These properties were considered as major elements of a national park, but the proposal was ultimately rejected by the Zuni people.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 2, 1997.
The 1 1/2-story masonry building was Mid-Missouri's leading mule facility in the 1920s.
It was removed from the National Register on September 2, 2009.
The Association is the parent body which runs the Sarasota Opera.
The county's first jail was built in 1833-34 and was demolished to make room for the new jail.
Lindsay with closed gables supported by brackets, bargeboards, leaded glass windows, and a front porch with fluted columns.
Dinay is a village belonging to the municipality of Rull in the southern part of the island of Yap in the Federated States of Micronesia.
In January 2017, the building was purchased for $20 million by Hudson Holdings, a National Historic Property Developer based in Delray Beach, Florida.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
It is said to be the only village that has retained its original name from when the area was founded in the 17th century.
The district covers 42.3 acres and contains 28 contributing properties.
Also on the property are a stone and frame bank barn, springhouse, carriage house, and a number of farm-related outbuildings.
Columbus Circle is home to Syracuse's two cathedrals, the Episcopalian St. Paul's Cathedral and the Roman Catholic Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception.
The mill complex was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
Primarily Spanish Colonial Revival in style, it reflects a 1952 remodel when the facade was modernized.
It contains 1,030 acres, 73 buildings, and 14 structures.
Dannevirke Danish Lutheran Church and Community Hall is a historoic church at Dannervirke Road and Wausa in Elba, Nebraska.
Originally built as a school, it is now used for a variety of purposes, including housing a social club.
The Carnton Plantation, home to the McGavock family during the battle, also still stands and is likewise open to the public.
The Central Vermont Railway Depot is a historic former train station at Depot Square in the village of Northfield, Vermont.
It is noted for its baroque interior decoration.
A fire in 1809 destroyed parts of the structure, including the monarch's private apartments, which were never replaced.
The Howe Tavern is a historic former hotel in the Butler County portion of College Corner, Ohio, United States.
Located 4 miles from the park entrance, it starts at the Royal Palm Visitor Center.
These include the west front, the nave, the six-light aisle windows and the Tudor-style chapels and windows in the north east corner.
Conversely, the Museo de Cádiz preserves numerous paintings by Francisco Zurbarán that were originally from the monastery.
The archeological evidence of the villages shows they included large plots of farmsteads surrounded by stone walls.
Spring Garden is a neighborhood that combines diverse residential neighborhoods and significant cultural attractions.
The farm is composed of the farmhouse and seven outbuildings, including corn cribs, a barn, a shed, a silo, and a milkhouse.
He entered the Dominican Order, came to America at age 22, and became a priest in 1830.
Boundaries of the district are approximately described as Marye Street, Bolton Avenue, White Street, and Hynson Bayou.
Also on the property is a contributing church cemetery.
The Gothic Revival building features a square tower topped by a belfry and an octagonal spire.
It is about 1,100 feet SW of the front light of the Doubling Point Range Lights, and about 2,000 feet east of Doubling Point Light.
Southern Railway's Spencer Shops were a major steam locomotive repair facility between Atlanta and Washington, D.C. in Spencer, North Carolina.
Marietta Historic District is a national historic district located at Marietta, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.
Behind the tower, the side of the building is extended with an ell that approaches the streetside.
The district includes 23 contributing buildings and 18 contributing structures.
8 View Street, among the first houses to be built c. 1916, has a gambrel roof and a two-level porch supported by slender Tuscan columns.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
Engravings of the alcove and the compartmented ceiling of the East Bedroom appear in Campbells Five Orders.
It served historically as an Independent Order of Odd Fellows—IOOF Temple, a meeting hall, a specialty store, a post office, and a music facility.
It occupies an isolated hilltop and has a single rampart and ditch, enclosing 0.9 hectares.
Aggtelek National Park is a national park in Northern Hungary, in the Aggtelek Karst region.
Architect William Buckland worked on this house.
Four of these, including Hincheyville, are also designated as local historic districts by city ordinance, making them subject to design review.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
The fundraising effort and construction were completed in 2010 and Mory's reopened on August 25, 2010.
It was at this house where Dr. Samuel A. Mudd treated the injured John Wilkes Booth.
The Montello Commercial Historic District is located in Montello, Wisconsin.
Originally identical, the unit at 206 N. Pitt St. was updated in the late-19th century.
The 1860s reodeling resulted in the picturesque Gothic / Italianate character with the prominent cross cut gable and decorative front verandah.
Although the district's peak period of growth ended by 1890, construction continued over the next decade, but virtually nothing was built after 1900.
Notable properties include the William Mercer Farm, Samuel Starr Farm, George Jefferis Farm, Thomas Price Farm, Spackman's Mill site, Hannum Mill site, and Enoch Pearson Farm.
Walnut Farm, also known as the Walnut Hill Farm and The Roosa Farm, is a historic home and farm located at Milford, Kent County, Delaware.
Edville Gerhardt Abbott and Harold A. Pingree and Frank W. Lamb founded this worldwide famous children's hospital for crippled children with scoliosis together in 1908.
The district has 22 contributing buildings, one contributing structure, and four contributing objects.
The Lower East Fork Ranger Cabin No.
It has been added to the heritage at Risk register because of the risk from bracken.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
It was added to the Register on March 7, 1994.
On March 12, 1996, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
City Theater is part of the Biddeford City Hall complex, designed by Maine architect John Calvin Stevens in 1895.
At 1,850 feet in length, it is one of the longest public piers on the West Coast.).
The building's owner, Charles Peacock, was paid rent in the amount of $12.00 for the first seven month school year.
The House at 72R Dane Street in Somerville, Massachusetts is one of Somerville's oldest surviving structures.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
Norwood Methodist Episcopal Church, also known as the Church in the Maples, is a historic church in Norwood Young America, Minnesota, United States.
Preservation New Jersey, the state's historic preservation advocacy group, put the house on its 2012 Most Endangered Historic Properties List.
It is in a vernacular Federal style.
Barnes Woods Archeological District is a national historic district located near Seaford, Sussex County, Delaware.
The schools are historically significant for their contribution to African American education in the state.
Cliffside, also known as H. E. Lawrence Estate, is a historic home located at Palisades, Rockland County, New York.
The house is now owned by the National Capital Commission and it is a designated national historic site.
The Neil P. Anderson Building is an 11-story building located at 411 West Seventh Street in Fort Worth, Texas.
Elias / Glacier Bay / Tatshenshini-Alsek is an international park system located in Canada and the U.S., at the border of Yukon, Alaska and British Columbia.
It was first developed by Elias Heller, who owned a file factory in North Newark, on the Belleville border.
It is a  2 1⁄2-story brick structure with a smaller two-story brick wing built in the mid-19th century.
Built as a tenement house, it was the residence and studio between 1837 and 1848 of sculptor Clark Mills.
It is rectangular in shape, approximately 58 feet long and 54 feet wide.
In 1925, the original frame church was demolished.
The Niels Petersen House is a local historic landmark in Tempe, Arizona, that is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
It was the site of a Paleoindian camp site.
Other rooms are used as galleries to display Sorolla's paintings, while the upstairs rooms are a gallery for special exhibitions.
It is known both for its architecture and its pivotal role in the economic development of early Los Angeles.
It is a 19th-century frame house built in 1835 with five outbuildings, three of which date from the 19th century.
The Spring Street Historic District encompasses surviving elements of the 19th-century commercial and surviving residential areas of Portland, Maine.
Spread over 45 acres with 17 contributing buildings and one object, it is roughly bounded by the Whatley Road from Grove Hill to the railroad tracks.
The house was designated a National Historic Sites of Canada in 1975.
It was built in 1958, and is a one story, steel-framed building constructed of all-stretcher coursed brick.
The earliest and largest section was built before 1746.
San Damián survived James Moore's invasion of Apalachee_Province in January 1704, but was captured by Creek warriors in June 1704.
The district includes the following properties that were already separately listed on the NRHP:
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
The district includes 440 contributing buildings and 1 contributing site in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Towanda.
It is a  2 1⁄2-story home, three bays wide and two deep, built of coursed gray stone about 1790.
Most of the buildings date from about 1880 through about 1920.
Hubbell Family Farm and Kelly's Corners Cemetery is a historic farm complex, cemetery, and national historic district located at Kelly's Corners, Delaware County, New York.
The library serves as the meeting place for the board of Springtime Tallahassee.
Through the years, slight changes were made on the building.
It consists of a collection of approximately 47 late-19th century commercial buildings.
The remainder of the third floor was designed for offices.
The Central Avenue School is a historic school building in Anderson, Indiana, United States.
Victoria Clarke resides in the Salmon-Stohlman House.
Its notable monuments include a local Civil War memorial, a chapel and entrance arch.
It was built of sandstone from the Wilkeson sandstone quarry in Wilkeson, Washington.
Manyikeni is a Mozambican archaeological site, around 52 km west of the coastal city of Vilanculos.
The Wilson School was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
Several Civil War battlefield cemeteries were transferred to the Memphis National Cemetery after the war.
It has since been sold and converted to residential use.
Located at Perry Harvey Sr. Park in Tampa, Florida, this facility opened in 1979.
The front facade features a full-width, hip roof porch.
It has a gable roof on both sections.
It contains 76 historic buildings, including the Bronson-Mulholland House and St. Mark's Episcopal Church.
He would only be at Fort Sam Houston for two months before being given charge of the American Expeditionary Forces in Europe.
On June 5, 1974, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The church, which is 62 by 12 feet is built of local Ham stone with a Welsh slate roof.
The area contains historic residential property as well many Greek student organizations houses.
In 1972 the information centre moved into the old headquarters.
The building served as a temporary courthouse; extant temporary courthouses are highly unusual, as most had poor construction and did not last to the present day.
It is now used by the First Presbyterian Church.
The Cork Hill District is located on a bluff northeast of downtown Davenport, Iowa, United States.
Architects and builders used elements of Queen Anne, Prairie School, Victorian, Georgian Revival and Bungalow styles.
Congregation B'nai Israel is a Conservative synagogue in Toledo, Ohio, United States.
It was built in the late-19th century, and is a two-story, two-bay, side-gable, one-room plan frame building with a 1 1/2-story, shed-roofed frame wing.
The mounds are owned and displayed to the public by the State Historical Society of Iowa.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
The church was dedicated by Bishop J.D.
The San Luis Obispo Carnegie Library is a Carnegie library located at 696 Monterey St. in San Luis Obispo, California.
It is composed of residential contributing properties listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Chicago.
The 10-story building’s architectural style is Renaissance revival.
The Hoo is a large detached house in the Hampstead area of the London Borough of Camden.
As a result, they have been added to the Heritage at Risk register.
They comprise the Longmire Community Building of 1927, the Administration Building of 1928, and the Longmire Service Station of 1929.
It is not open to the public.
The district contains examples of various architectural styles, and a typical progression is seen in the list above.
Republic Square is the central town square in Yerevan, the capital of Armenia.
The design recalls the Prairie School of architecture popularized by Frank Lloyd Wright, with whom Jones had apprenticed.
Several town buildings, specifically the former town hall, library, Congregational Church, the Union School and former district school, and cemetery, are located around the Green.
Originally built as a single dwelling, it was converted into a duplex in the mid-1950s.
Within the boundaries of this contributing site are three contributing buildings; a 19th-century receiving vault, the Mills-Petrie Mausoleum of 1899, and the Mills-Petrie Chapel of 1917.
Hurricane Plantation located near Vicksburg, Mississippi, was the home of Joseph Emory Davis, the oldest brother of Jefferson Davis.
Two large rectangular openings are in the octagonal portion, both slightly smaller than a side, on the east-southeast and south-southwest sides.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
The ranch was opened in 1924 with a dozen tent cabins and log buildings for a kitchen and dining hall, lounge and commissary.
It is sited on a natural hillock of Lias approximately 20 metres above the surrounding flat land on the edge of the Somerset Levels.
The site is a burial mound made by people of the Woodland period, and has been dated as early as ca.
The Female Seminary in Centreville, Maryland was built c. 1876 as a public schoolhouse intended exclusively for women.
In 1939 the OTO closed its dude ranching operations permanently.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
The roof is in Welsh slate and is hipped.
Ponter's Ball Dyke is a linear earthwork located near Glastonbury in Somerset, England.
The large sprawling oak is 98 feet in diameter, with branches which extend upward as well as laterally.
They don't live there, but many return each year for a get-together.
Proper fortifications were soon raised under the instructions of Governor Richard Moore.
Throughout its history, the venue has served as a movie theater, concert venue and performing arts center.
The first Randolph Freer home Charles Freer lived here in the early 1880s.
The Boca Chita Key Historic District is a U.S. historic district within the Biscayne National Park in Miami-Dade County, Homestead, Florida.
The Greek Revival-style Miller-Brewer House near Rochester, Washington State is one of the state's few surviving box frame style houses from the territorial settlement era.
The gothic painted tomb of Sir Thomas Long is within the church, along with tombs and memorials to members of the Long family.
It presently houses the town's library and municipal offices.
It includes Gothic architecture, Romanesque architecture, Classical architecture.
The jail was built between 1867 and 1869 on 6 acres of land.
Today, the house has been restored as a bed-and-breakfast.
Redstone's prosperity ended within a decade, after Osgood lost control of the company, and he spent less time there.
The Opa-locka Bank is a historic bank in Opa-locka, Florida.
The Jess Norman Post 166 American Legion Hut is a historic clubhouse at 222 South First Street in Augusta, Arkansas.
For over 85 years, the venue has hosted religious festivals, political rallies, debutante galas, opera, musicals and concerts.
Williams Grove was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
The site is roughly .3 hectares in area, and was home to a small village.
The site was surveyed by Ephraim George Squier and Edwin Hamilton Davis in 1846.
Use of the church declined beginning in the 1930s; it underwent restoration in the late 1980s.
The Hammond Wood Historic District is a national historic district located at Silver Spring, Montgomery County, Maryland.
The house retains Georgian stylistic influences in exterior and interior decorative detailing.
Plowing of the field turned up archaeologically interesting materials, and the state spent several days surveying the site to determine its bounds and gather surface samples.
It is the second oldest Melkite church in the United States.
The Colony Historic District is a historic district at Gardner's Neck and Mattapoisett Roads at Mt.
On November 13, 1997, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Useppa Island is an island located near the northern end of Pine Island Sound in Lee County, Florida, United States.
The old church became the Liberty County Museum two years later, a museum of local history.
Its exhibits feature interactive displays, 6000 artifacts, memorabilia, photos, toys and a model railroad, all relating to the railroads of western New York.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970, including 63 contributing buildings over a 47-acre area.
Labeled as a conspiracy by some, the Blennerhassetts fled down the Ohio River to escape when militia invaded the island.
The open spandrel deck arch bridge carries U.S. Route 70 over Self Creek near its mouth at Lake Greeson.
The Western Promenade Historic District encompasses a large late-19th to early-20th century neighborhood in the West End of Portland, Maine.
The Tour de Galéria was built between 1551 and 1573.
The Tor is a prominent landmark for a wide area.
It is located on the grounds of the Earl W. Brydges Artpark State Park, at Lewiston in Niagara County, New York.
It is the site of a large, stockaded Susquehannock village dated to the 17th century.
The district features a number of commercial and residential buildings which were constructed during the period from 1810-1900.
The island is an unorganized, unincorporated territory of the United States Minor Outlying Islands that is also claimed by the Republic of the Marshall Islands.
Also known at one time as the U.S. Federal Building, it is a Greek Revival building built in 1914, and now houses the Bennington Police Department.
A skew arch bridge, a masterwork of cut stone construction, is another feature of the site.
The church was added to the Register on February 1, 1982.
It is located at 3800 Chalet Suzanne Drive.
Located at 606 Live Oak Avenue West, it was the home of Sidney J. Catts, Florida's twenty-second governor.
The Janss Investment Company Building was dedicated a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument on June 21, 1988.
A new capital called Ilium was founded on the site in the reign of the Roman Emperor Augustus.
The Winter Haven Heights Historic Residential District is a U.S. historic district in Winter Haven, Florida.
At high water, Joe Hutch Canyon Rapid approaches a class IV difficulty.
On the north east corner is a brick tower.
It is the oldest of three Manhattan graveyards currently maintained by Congregation Shearith Israel, which is itself the oldest Jewish congregation in North America.
There is also an early corncrib made of frame and logs.
The one room schoolhouse was built in 1910.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 9, 1978.
On June 23, 1928, the school dedicated an obelisk in front of the building to commemorate the district's centennial.
Loudonville Community Church used the mansion to conduct services and Sunday school until 1959 when a new sanctuary was built adjacent to the mansion.
346 N. Broadway, another L-shaped cottage, this with square, classical columns supporting its front porch.
Congregational Church of the Evangel is a historic Congregational church at 1950 Bedford Ave. in Flatbush, Brooklyn, New York, New York.
Waterford is an unincorporated village in the Catoctin Valley of Loudoun County, Virginia, located along Catoctin Creek.
The Civil War Trust, based in Washington, D.C., has offered to purchase the land for $4.5 million, more than $1 million above the site's appraised value.
Mill Hill grew rapidly during the 19th century as Trenton grew into an industrial center of some note.
The Bridge of Masegoso is a bridge located in Pozalmuro, Spain.
The five story building is primarily faced in Roman brick, with pressed metal bay windows, sandstone lintels, and decorative sandstone panels.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
The main east/west thoroughfares are Olney Road, Princess Anne Road, and 21st Street.
The residential district includes 12 contributing buildings in the Highland Park subdivision.
Fuerte de San García was a fort in Algeciras, Spain, It was built in the 1730s and destroyed in 1811 to deny it to the French.
The house is a two-story, five-by-two-bay Flemish bond brick structure painted white, and set on a rubble stone foundation.
The Colora Meetinghouse is a historic Friends meeting house located at Colora, Cecil County, Maryland, United States.
The Carter Block is a historic commercial block in St.
Groos had immigrated from Germany to Texas in 1848, at which time he and his brothers started a freighting firm.
St. Augustine Catholic Church, also called Olde St. Augustine's, is a historic Catholic church in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States.
The house is large and rambling and considered eclectic in style with a prominent central projecting gable.
It encompasses 14 contributing buildings, 1 contributing site, and 2 contributing structures in rural Chester County.
Most of the buildings are characterized as box-shaped, mid-rise loft buildings with flat roofs.
Shelly School, also known as "The Little Red Schoolhouse," is an historic one-room school located at Richland Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.
It is part of the Iowa Conference of the United Methodist Church.
The building also houses the relatively expensive restaurant of the same name.
It is part of the Suburban Development in Des Moines Between the World Wars, 1918--1941 MPS.
The Metoyers were free people of color for four generations before the American Civil War.
St. Lawrence O'Toole Catholic Church is a historic church at 618 Main in Central City, South Dakota.
It has a complex roof with eaves and original wood shingles, built upon lower concrete block walls and a concrete foundation.
It is a rambling, two-story frame dwelling.
1 is a fire station located in Tacoma, Washington listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Park House is at 37–41 Lower Bridge Street, Chester, Cheshire, England.
The historic district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
He apparently lived in this house until 1877, when he had a larger house built.
He taught in Beachton until his death in 1935.
The Home of Lotta Crabtree is located in downtown Grass Valley, California at 238 Mill Street.
It is located at 100 South Ocean Boulevard.
Signal Hill is a hill which overlooks the city of St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
The theatre was renamed The Paramount in 1931, and its entertainment shifted from live performance to movies.
New Hope Village District, also known as New Hope M.R.A.
Part of its significance derives from construction methods.
It has some Colonial Revival style design elements.
The Charleston Historic District, alternatively known as Charleston Old and Historic District, is a National Historic Landmark District in Charleston, South Carolina.
Located in the district is the separately listed Mentzer Building.
Located half a block from the railroad station, the Temple was a frequent for the shows and stars of Vaudeville.
The Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad provided transportation between Colorado Springs and Kansas until it went into bankruptcy in the early 1970s.
It is the only building left from the former town, and a rare example of an early Iowa frame church building.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
Park Crescent is a mid-19th-century residential development in the Round Hill area of Brighton, part of the English city of Brighton and Hove.
Its total cost was $6,619.00 including furnishings.
The house was destroyed by fire in 1931.
Trinity Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church at 3261 23rd Street in the Mission District of San Francisco, California.
The Gothic Revival church building was designed by E. Townsend Mix, a noted Milwaukee architect, and constructed as Olivet Congregational Church in 1868.
The complex consists of four contributing buildings and two contributing structures.
Georgetown Coal Gasification Plant, also known as the Georgetown Service and Gas Company, is a historic coal gasification plant located at Georgetown, Sussex County, Delaware.
The Harrer Building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 17, 1983.
The Proserpina Dam is a Roman gravity dam in Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain, dating to the 1st or 2nd century AD.
It was built at a time when this area was part of the city of Allegheny, Pennsylvania.
The fossils are preserved in ironstone concretions, formed approximately 300 million years ago in the mid-Pennsylvanian epoch of the Carboniferous period.
It was built during the 1830s and is an L-shaped, clapboard-sided frame carmhouse with vernacular Greek Revival style features.
It was targeted because of Bagwell's son John Philip Bagwell was a Senator in the new Irish Free State.
The court was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 11, 1983.
The Art Deco design has been described by The Daily Telegraph as "particularly glorious, with its elegant, curved lines – rather like a stately ocean liner."
Its use as a workhouse ceased in 1930, and it was demolished several years later.
The Butlers were regarded as blameless in the failure and continued as respected businessmen.
St. Paul's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal parish in Medina, Ohio, United States.
The Huff Archeological Site is a prehistoric Mandan village in North Dakota dated around 1450 AD.
It was built in 1924 as the entrance to Pierce Brothers Valhalla Memorial Park Cemetery.
There is a lower platform, about 30 m by 30 m, that abuts the main mound.
The Nodena site was discovered and first documented by Dr. James K. Hampson, archaeologist and owner of the plantation on which the Nodena site is located.
James Manges arrived in Jackson Hole in 1910, where he cut wood for Charles or William Wort.
This site is a ring of 38 stones, of which 22 are still fixed in the soil, and it is 11 metres in diameter.
Reverend Thomas A. Morris conducted the first Episcopal service in the county courthouse, with just one communicant.
Today, Flowerdew Hundred plantation is a private residence.
The 80-foot tall steel tower was built in the 1930s.
The house is a Category A listed building.
Hunt of the Banwell Society of Archaeology.
The base has been abandoned since World War II.
It includes a tall bronze figure of George Rogers Clark mounted on a stallion in the center of the sculpture.
The area designated as historic encompasses approximately 40 acres; ninety-two different buildings within this zone qualified as contributing properties.
It was built about 1796, and consists of a  2 1⁄2-story, stuccoed brick main house, with a  2 1⁄2-story braced frame wing.
This 22-room mansion was the third home of the Fernandez family and is an excellent example of Second Empire French, a rare style in the area.
The Earle R. Taylor House and Peach Packing Shed, in Greenville County, South Carolina, near Greer, South Carolina.
Its historic church, at Vermont and Idaho Streets, was added to the National Register in 1985.
The court includes six buildings containing fourteen residential units centered on a driveway.
It is also just a water taxi ride from Baltimore's Inner Harbor as well as Federal Hill.
It is a designated California State Historic Landmark and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
On February 2, 2001, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Their efforts saw success: the Diocese of Cleveland formed Holy Rosary parish in 1892, and the first church building was erected by the year's end.
In July 2016, the structure was relocated to Boxcar Park, located within the Esplanade District at the water's edge.
Fort Hill Historic District is a historic district roughly on South Street between Lyman to Monroe in Northampton, Massachusetts.
Viamare owned it until 1988, when it was acquired by Donald Roy.
James Oglethorpe first built on Cumberland Island in 1736, building a hunting lodge that he named Dungeness.
The west and east entrances to the building feature stone porches.
It is a wood frame structure, with a brick veneer.
They include two churches, the Old Town Hall, a parsonage and other residences.
The house is surrounded by parkland and lawned areas.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
The community was laid out in 1903, but the houses primarily built in the 1930s and 1940s.
The art deco details at the exterior street level and in the main banking lobby have been obliterated.
Notable buildings include the Federal-style John Shaver House, Shapiro Theater, T.A.
The Russian Village District comprises 15 folk architecture style houses and was built by Konstanty Stys, a Polish immigrant, and others during the Great Depression.
The church was also used as a school during the week, primarily from 1864 through 1871.
Bok High School was reorganized in 2006-2007 to prepare students for jobs in modern technology.
It is now a residential centre of Children's Hospice South West.
The successor pastor, Amandus Norman, served until 1931, and the church has continued to grow and flourish since then.
It was built in 1945 on the foundation of the original station, a Victorian-style brick structure built in 1878.
The North Jefferson Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Huntington, Indiana.
The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
was built in the early 1920s, and is a one-story, three bay, frame structure with wood shingles in the Colonial Revival style.
The one-story, brick, U-shaped house was built on the foundation of an earlier, two-story house that had been destroyed by a fire.
It has a gable roof with a smaller gable roofed ventilator.
These structures were partially subterranean, measuring about 3 metres by 5.5 metres, and were apparently designed to house single families.
The house and its immediate grounds are now leased by Historic Hudson, Inc., who have begun a restoration program.
It was a Baytown Period culture during the Late Woodland period.
The nave is 41 feet 6 inches by 26 feet, while the chancel is 16 feet long and 14 feet wide.
It was built in 1934 with funding from the Civil Works Administration for the local American Legion chapter, and is architecturally unique in the city.
The Lake Isabella Historic Residential District is a U.S. historic district located in Lake City, Florida.
As of the 2010 United States Census, the population for ZIP Code Tabulation Area 08551 was 5,532.
It was built in the early 1920s, and is a one-story, frame structure with wood shingles in the Colonial Revival style.
Marshall Field Garden Apartments has 628 units within 10 buildings.
The school was built to a design from an architectural plan book with a single main room that could be divided by a movable partition.
Penn AC was founded in 1871 as the West Philadelphia Boat Club.
One other building was destroyed by fire and the other one was demolished.
The site was listed as a National Historic Landmark on June 23, 2011.
The kilns were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
In 1978, restaurateur Peter Jubeck bought the building and transformed it into Clara's Lansing Station.
Casa Alonso is a museum and cultural center in Vega Baja, Puerto Rico.
The Twin Mounds Archeological District, also known as Wekiva 7 & Wekiva 8, is a U.S. historic district east of Sorrento, Florida.
The building had a vernacular Gothic Revival design with two towers at its front corners.
Brigham's Tavern is a historic house and traveller's accommodation at 12 Boston Turnpike in Coventry, Connecticut.
It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places listings in Bexar County, Texas .
Oxenfoord Castle is a country house in Midlothian, Scotland.
The congregation, which was gathered in 1769, belongs to the United Church of Christ.
One aspect commented on was its supposedly inexpensive cable-suspended plywood roof.
The district consists of 312 properties, of which 288 are contributing.
Both floors have close-studded walling with a middle rail.
Stimson used the Bar U brand for NWCC stock.
On the apex is a large lead finial with a small weather vane.
During the Civil War the house was used as a hospital following the battle of Antietam.
It was named after the Malvern Hills in England.
The Gold Harbour area is a National Historic Site of Canada.
Located in Olympic National Park, the site was added as a historic district to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
The former depot was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
The Hulls branched out into prospecting and were among the first to take in tourists heading to the Grand Canyon.
It is significant to Sarasota's heritage for its role as a newspaper established in 1899, and also for its architectural merits.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 18, 1979.
Friends supported Manice by slipping food through the slats of the fence.
The former ranch of early Walnut Creek pioneer Frank Borges is the home base for the surrounding Shell Ridge Open Space park's activities.
It was established in 1903, and its campus has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
According to its NRHP nomination, the shelter is "the finest extant building of its type in the state system."
It was purchased by an African-American escaped slave in 1834 who also had enough cash to purchase 50 acres.
It offers some of the city's most visible theaters and art galleries as well as a number of shops and eateries.
The property also contains a range of historic sites.
It is located at 235 Southwest 4th Avenue, south of SR 100.
The building was originally built for a Baptist congregation, which shared the building with the local Methodists after the latter's church was destroyed by fire.
It is located at the eastern end of County Road 218, south of Plainview.
It is within the archdeanery of Taunton.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
The Womack family still owned property on the court when it was designated a historic district.
Verride Palace, or the Palace of Santa Catarina, is an 18th-century Portuguese palace located in Lisbon, Portugal.
It was built in 1881, purportedly with support by Nellie Cashman, an Irish immigrant who had been in the United States since age five.
In order to store the crops, potato houses were built.
Site 44ST2 has five ossuaries, one individual burial, and one multiple burial.
It was added to the National Historic Register on April 16, 1969.
Its height was taller than that of other Main Street buildings in the community.
Today, Sugar Loaf Farm is a privately run farm that specializes in raising Black Angus cattle.
The structure features a full front pediment, corner pilasters, shouldered architraves, and transom and sidelights around the front door.
It was the site of the Battle of Bushy Run fought on August 5–6, 1763 during the Pontiac's Rebellion.
The Cornwall Bridge station was used as the Williams' weekend home until 1985 and was sold to a New York City film producer.
Also on the property are a contributing one-story, square-plan frame smoke house, carriage house, chicken coop, corn crib, bank barn, equipment shed, and stone ornamental pond.
In 2010, by town meeting vote, this district became part of a larger, officially zoned local historic district.
Williams used the flow of the river to turn an undershot water wheel to power his saws.
Cast iron pillars support the brickwork and wagon roof.
It was built in 1880 and was added to the National Register in 1979.
It is located in Milwaukee's downtown Yankee Hill neighborhood.
The minister and members of the congregation contributed much of the necessary labor, in addition to money and materials.
This Tudor Revival style house was added to the List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks in 2003.
Cooke Street is the main thorough fare running through the center of the district, which is six blocks long and two wide.
It is a 2-1/2 story wood frame structure, three bays wide, with a front gable roof and a single-story hip-roofed front porch extending across the front.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
The Snooks Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at East St. Clair Township Township in Bedford County, Pennsylvania.
He offered the telescope for sale, seeking to upgrade his own telescope.
Castle Road separates East Ridge from the northern neighborhood of Osu.
The nave and chancel were rebuilt in 1821 and the building was restored in 1878 by Charles Benson.
It is approximately 40.5 feet by 20.25 feet.
In 2007 English Heritage made an £80,000 grant to the owner to help preserve the building.
Sheldahl First Norwegian Evangelical Lutheran Church is a historic church in Story County, Iowa.
It is located at 2336 Fourteenth Avenue.
The Bridge of Toledo is a bridge located in Madrid, Spain.
16 was a historic fire station on the near east side of Dayton, Ohio, United States.
Demarest House, is located in Oakland, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.
The Lake Pithlachocco Canoe Site is a historic site which is east of Gainesville, Florida.
The front facade features three stucco-coated, two-story Doric order columns in antis and two projecting second story balconies.
The Robert D. Moore House, located in Bend, Oregon, is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Also on the property is a three-story frame building built as the original Kotz family home in the 1850s.
Michell was a renowned falconer who authored the excellent treatise on falconry "The Art And Practice of Hawking", London 1900.
The site and others in the area were explored by Florence Hawley Ellis in the 1960s and 1970s.
It was also a successful cattle operation, with a show herd of black Angus cattle.
The Boone House is a historic home in St. Petersburg, Florida, United States.
This site has been significant for North American archaeology since the 1930s, especially due to its many preserved textiles and wealth of shell carving.
It is the largest shell midden on the mainland United States, with an approximate height of 50 feet.
The cave was carved during the Algonquin post-glacial period by the waters of Lake Algonquin, a swollen meltwater ancestor of today's Lake Huron.
It is located at 239 North Alcaniz Street.
The Laura Watson House was a historic house in Gainesville, Sumter County, Alabama.
The Rackleff Building is an historic commercial building at 127-133 Middle Street in the Old Port commercial district of Portland, Maine.
The complex is located along the eastern bank of the Blackstone River between Court and Bernon Streets.
It was protected by a deep "dry moat or fortification ditch."
According to Greek sources, it dates back to 559-29 B.C.
The education wing was completed in 1957.
Genevieve still has two pairs of casement windows similar to those found in Canada and Louisiana.
The Sebring Downtown Historic District is a U.S. historic district located in Sebring, Florida.
It was enlarged in the 19th and 20th centuries when it was a private house and then a hotel.
The houses are of high architectural quality, and original landscaping was done by the Olmsted Brothers landscape design firm.
Wyoming is also notable for its great planting of boxwood, forming a walkway leading to the front of the house.
It is located on the west side of Rhode Island Route 102, a short way north of its junction with Bowen Hill Road.
The park has natural areas, farmlands, archaeological sites, and a Native American museum.
Balbirnie House is an early 19th-century country house in Glenrothes, in central Fife, Scotland.
The National Trust for Historic Preservation cited the site as one of ten historic sites saved in 2013.
Planned in 1915 and built from 1916 to 1929, the garden was the first Shakespeare Garden in the United States.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
Now, the stone water tower is a visible community landmark offering excellent photo opportunities for camera buffs.
It has been altered and expanded several times since, including a major expansion in the 1570s.
In 1950, the addition of Unit G was made; in 1955, Units A, B, D, E, were added and the gymnasium was constructed in 1957.
Now owned by Historic Northampton, the property includes three houses built between 1730 and 1830.
The Comstock-Harris House is a historic home in Winter Park, Florida.
The Bennett-Kelly Farm is an historic home and farm complex located at Sykesville, Carroll County, Maryland, United States.
It was built in 1864 as a one-story building, and expanded to its present size in 1870.
Woodruff Place was the inspiration behind Indianapolis native Booth Tarkington's successful novel The Magnificent Ambersons .
Point Reyes State Marine Reserve & Point Reyes State Marine Conservation Area lie within Drakes Bay.
They were instructed to meet at a central location to be picked up for testing.
The Iglesia de San Ginés is a church located in Guadalajara, Spain.
A former church in Queen Camel was the mother church to Somerton, Chilton Cantelo and the surrounding area before 1140.
Taylor choose a high hill overlooking the Ohio River to build a large home in the Greek Revival style.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
The cemetery was dedicated in 1868, and put in trust to be used exclusively as a Prince Hall Freemasonry burial ground.
On October 23, 1946, the base was transferred to the Corps of Engineers.
Another prominent burial is that of Marlborough's first minister, William Brimsmead.
It has a common arrangement of a base, shaft, and column, with a rather plain shaft but a good assortment of detail around the base.
They are located between the Anderson Memorial Bridge and the Eliot Bridge with street numbers ranging from 983 to 993 Memorial Drive.
It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
It continued to function as a school until 1946 when the school ceased operation.
The castle and island are now owned by Scottish Natural Heritage, and part of the castle operates as a hostel.
The Tolowa were being forcibly resettled in the region and were beginning to take their vengeance on those who stayed behind.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
Ninety-one properties are considered contributing properties and 57 are noncontributing.
It was constructed following the Battle of Čegar of May 1809, during the First Serbian Uprising.
The plant is one of 85 contributing properties of the Saint Anthony Falls Historic District which is on the National Register of Historic Places.
National Geographic Traveler ranked Columbus 11th on its historic destinations list in late 2008, describing the city as "authentic, unique, and unspoiled."
It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on 16 December 1971.
It is a private liberal arts institution of the Christian Methodist Episcopal Church.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
The Bank of California Building was designated a City of Seattle Landmark in 1987.
Jefferson and Johnston knew each other as neighbors and traded goods often.
Today both the Breezeway and Waldo’s Restaurant, maintain their basic integrity, their unusual workmanship and materials and their original design features.
The slopes of the hill are terraced, but the method by which they were formed remains unexplained.
Also located in the park is a semi elliptical embankment, the Highbank Park Works, which consists of four three-foot-high sections bordered by a shallow ditch.
It was founded in 1893 by Dr. William J. Edwards, a graduate of Tuskegee University, and began in a one-room log cabin.
This property is part of the Opa-locka Thematic Resource Area, a multiple property submission to the National Register.
The Daniel School was built in Daniel, Wyoming by contractor A.F.
It was constructed in September 1962 by Impregilo SPA in 21 days.
Old Greenwood Cemetery is a historic cemetery located at Greenwood, Greenwood County, South Carolina.
The crossing was the site of several skirmishes, the most significant being the May 1–3, 1863 Battle of Chalk Bluff.
The Augusta Military Academy was a secondary education military academy in Fort Defiance, Virginia, United States.
Notable buildings include the Methodist church, Penns Park School, and Penns Park Tavern.
The land, part of Virgin Islands National Park, was added to the United States National Register of Historic Places on July 11, 1978.
Infernal Caverns Battleground is California Historical Landmark No.
It carries a pedestrian walkway over a landscaped hollow which had been formed from a former tidal inlet.
The West Point Foundry was an early ironworks in Cold Spring, New York that operated from 1817 to 1911.
The mining interests of the Comstock also initially supported the tunnel project, but later strongly opposed the idea.
The John Harris Mansion is located in the district and listed separately.
St. Spyridon's Church is a church in Vuno, Vlorë County, Albania.
It was built in the 19th century.
In the 1940s, Curtis also had a comic book imprint, Novelty Press.
The building is in three storeys and is constructed in yellow sandstone and brick with stone dressings.
The main house is a two-story, L-shaped brick house built in 1865 and enlarged early in the 20th century.
Johnson-Wolfe Farm, more commonly known as the Comus Inn, is a historic set of four buildings located at Comus, Montgomery County, Maryland.
which was swept several times a day to keep the surface smooth and free from loose soil.
The district is bounded on the west by Chestnut Hill Avenue, Baxter Road, and Channing Road, and on the south by Massachusetts Route 9.
The district is bordered by the Pomperaug River on the west.
Damascus Baptist Church Arbor is a historic Baptist church arbor located near Love Valley , Iredell County, North Carolina.
The district was enlarged in 2006 to include a residential and industrial area south of the center, primarily along Milk, Front, and Ware Streets.
Broom's Bloom was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
The First Oil Well in Western Canada National Historic Site of Canada commemorates the 1902 oil strike in what is now Waterton Lakes National Park, Alberta.
Among the PRRRC's accomplishments was having the Hotel Charbonneau added to the National Register of Historic Places, which protects the historic structure for future generations.
In 1989, the building was listed in A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture, published by the University of Florida Press.
It was built in 1906, as a one-story, open bank building.
The Naugle House may have a further historical link, having possibly been visited by the Marquis de Lafayette, a close associate of George Washington, in 1784.
Hines eventually sold the building to a N.E.Goodsall, Goodsall's heirs sold the house in 1859 to Doctor Albert Covington.
Bethsaida Swedish Evangelical Lutheran Church was built in 1890.
It was used as a freighter from the time it was built until the time it sank.
The most recent component of the site dates to 2600-1400 BCE.
The district encompasses what emerged in the late 18th century as the principal municipal center of the town.
Arnold Mills Historic District is a historic district encompassing a modest 19th-century mill village in eastern Cumberland, Rhode Island.
Charleton House is located in the East Neuk of Fife, eastern Scotland.
It is a  2 1⁄2-story wood-frame house, with a gable roof and clapboard siding.
The Hirsel is a Category A Listed stately home near Coldstream in the Scottish Borders.
The 1.5 story building sits on a granite slab foundation, and has a chimney on its western wall.
Halekiʻi was added along the crest of the hill at about this time, reputedly at the instigation of chief Kihapiʻilani.
The Allentown district is a neighborhood in Buffalo, New York.
The McCormick's Livery and Feed Stable Sign is a site on the National Register of Historic Places located in Townsend, Montana.
Richland was originally part of "Altogether," a land grant surveyed on May 10, 1719 by Thomas Worthington and his brother-in-law, Henry Ridgely.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
The house was, in fact, inhabited originally by a seneschal, that is the original owner, John King.
Lower Deer Creek Valley Historic District is a national historic district near Darlington, Harford County, Maryland, United States.
The Mount Zion Baptist Church is a historic church in Miami, Florida.
It is now owned by Delaware Wild Lands.
The Heath Farm Camp Archeological Site is an archeological site located near Elkton, Cecil County, Maryland.
It was garrisoned by about 80 men with a peak armament of around 20 cannon of various calibres.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
Aberuchill Castle is located 3 kilometres west of Comrie in Perthshire, Scotland.
Centered on 5th Avenue, it is roughly bounded by 12th Street to 18th Street, 4th Avenue to 7th Avenue.
East Liberty is a culturally diverse neighborhood in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania's East End.
The Tower of Sacru is a ruined Genoese tower located in the commune of Brando, Haute-Corse on the east coast of the Corsica.
Buildings in the Fernandina Beach Historic District reflect this late 19th and early 20th century development.
In some places, the dike still rises about two feet above the level of the adjacent marsh.
The Shady Hill Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Museum, Beacon and Holden, and Kirkland Streets, and Francis Avenue in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
The William and Mary Shelton Farmstead is located in Seven Mile Creek, Wisconsin, United States.
The second phase dates from around 1450 and is contemporaneous with the Great Zimbabwe civilization in the African interior.
Canning Terrace was erected in 1837-1840 on Zion Hill at Canning Circus, Nottingham.
The locally protected district generally encompasses structures in the blocks fronting Harwood Street from Pacific Avenue to Canton Street.
It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1961.
Baker replaced the front of the house, added a long stoep in the back and constructed a new wing.
The Wrenaissance-style brick structure occupies a prominent corner site in a conservation area and provides a visual contrast to the older villas around it.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
The district includes the original farmhouse, known as the Pryor-Wilson House, built about 1852 with additions and modifications through 1922.
They gave the roundabout a distinctive name: "The Ring of the Green."
The Elgin settlement was divided into 50-acre lots.
A second site of interest is based around a stone outcrop on the northern edge of the swamp.
For students with speech disorders or difficulty learning or reading, SMSA offers specialist help.
Eighth Avenue Historic District is located in Fort Worth, Texas.
It was founded in November 1919 and completed in 1921.
The triple arch bridge is 175 feet long and 18 feet wide and cost $14,500 to build.
In 2010, it was occupied by an outlet of Rainbow Shops.
The surrounding mound measures 6.1 metres diameter by 2.1 metres high.
The Keedy House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
It is located at 215 East Fifth Street.
The Alviso Adobe Community Park is a 7-acre park in the city of Pleasanton, California, United States.
Ellen White purchased the home in 1900, naming it "Elmshaven" after the row of Elm trees at its front.
Hawthorne ferry wharf is located on the southern side of the Brisbane River serving the Brisbane suburb of Hawthorne.
It encompasses 12 contributing buildings, 7 contributing sites, and 2 contributing structures.
The building was destroyed in 1909 when its lumber was used to make a raft by surveyors for the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway.
Both prior to and after the Nile floods, it has remained a major site for archaeological investigations.
As a result of being constructed in two phases, the church contains both Gothic and Baroque architecture, exemplified in its portals.
Powder House Square was home to one of the first hostile acts of the American Revolutionary War.
The sanctuary now houses one of the largest collections of Australian native species in the world.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
The bridge was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 31, 1995.
It was designed in 1937 in the International style of architecture by noted Los Angeles Modernist architect Richard Neutra.
The main screen measured 105 feet by 75 feet, and the theatre contained a paved parking area for 500 cars.
When it was finished in 1783, it covered about 27 acres of land and basically wrapped around the city of San Juan.
The house was built in 1812, and was a two-story, three bay stone dwelling with a cross-gable roof.
The stack is 585 feet 1 1⁄2 inches tall, excluding its foundation.
Hebron Church, Cemetery, and Academy is a site in Commerce, Georgia.
88, Prince Hall Affiliation, is a historic building that was designated a Mississippi Landmark in 2002.
By the 1970s use of the broadcast facilities for education declined.
The Warren Sweetser House is a historic house at 90 Franklin Street in Stoneham, Massachusetts.
Several government survey crews again mapped the area between 1877 and 1911.
On June 27, 2002, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The gardens are open 10:00am–4:00pm daily; a $3.00 admission fee is charged.
On August 31, 1990, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
MARTA rapid transit rail service is available at the Edgewood/Candler Park station.
Both the single- and multi-family structures, as well as historic palm trees, have remained largely intact from the era when they were built.
The John Tanner House is a stone house located in Petersburg, Kentucky, United States, built around 1810.
Founded in the early 1890s, the parish completed the present Baroque-styled church shortly before 1910; the building has been named a historic site.
On July 10, 2014, it was announced that with the retirement of the Hinshaw family, the Chalet would close on or about August 4.
She was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register in 1946.
In 1997 there were 22 residents with vacancies for a further 2.
It was expanded about 1795 with a Georgian/Federal style wing.
The Douglas Flat School is a historic school building on California State Route 4 in Douglas Flat, California.
The pond was created by damming a brook.
Jahn was a German immigrant, arriving with his family at Mequon from Saxony in 1844 at the age of 12.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
After that was destroyed by the Great Flood of 1862, the troops were moved to Camp Lincoln.
On February 24, 1971, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The Zabriskie-Christie House, is located in Dumont, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.
A burial mound attributed by the National Register of Historic Places to the Adena Culture is the central feature of the village.
The mansion was built for New York City socialite Elizabeth Schermerhorn Jones as a weekend and summer residence.
The entry leads into a vestibule area, from which there is then entry into the schoolroom.
The chapter renamed the building Liberty Hall, the name used by all of the UNIA's meeting halls.
The last passenger train to use Goldsboro Union Station was discontinued in 1968.
From 1936 to 1976, it was used by the Tennessee Valley Authority for offices.
The LoDaisKa Site is a prominent archaeological site in the U.S. state of Colorado, located within a rockshelter near Morrison.
A well-preserved piece of the road's built environment, it has been designated a historic site.
Its 21 acres of tree-filled park land are approximately two miles north of downtown Terre Haute.
It is believed to have been built in the 1860s / 1870s.
The J. M. Cheney Rental House is a historic house at 32 Edwards Street in Southbridge, Massachusetts.
The structures listed in this multiple property submission reflect the best-preserved reminders of this Catholic legacy.
The main arch of the bridge is built from chamfered blocks of dressed stone.
Also on the property is a garage, a storage shed, a stilted frame dairy, and a gable-roofed frame privy.
It was built in 1853 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
On October 14, 1993, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The Maryland portion of the street is designated Maryland State Highway 390.
The building burned on October 12, 2012.
Oliver Johnson's Woods is a historic district and neighborhood on the northern side of Indianapolis, Indiana, United States.
They include the Spring Hill log house, The Harlan Cottage, "The Willows", and Lingamfelter House.
In 1985 the Bank of Montreal donated the building to the City of St. John's.
The plan of the historic portions of Savannah is based on the concept of a ward, as defined by James Oglethorpe.
On the last Sunday in July, there is a service and celebration in the large yard.
The structure was built about 1850 as a mill, then converted to a creamery in the 1880s.
Mrs. R. Marcy House is a historic house at 64 South Street in Southbridge, Massachusetts.
The church was a major part of community life in Tatums, and it is the oldest building from the town's early history that is still standing.
The community’s western boundary was drawn just east of Lane’s house, and a street of the city was named in his honor.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
The dedication to St Edwold is unique in Dorset.
Clifton Community Center and Church is a historic church at F and Main Street in Clifton, Colorado.
Once a roofed building, all that remains is a large, walled enclosure.
It was built for William Culmer, a successful businessman who had immigrated from England.
High Breeze Farm, also known as Barrett Farm, is located in the Highland Lakes section of Vernon Township, in Sussex County, New Jersey, United States.
349 Beach Road, a saltbox house from before 1750
It is roughly bounded by K, 4th, C, 2nd, A, and 5th Streets in downtown Rock Springs, Wyoming.
Second Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at 5 N. 5th Street in Richmond, Virginia.
It is located at 506 Church Street.
First Congregational Church and Parsonage is a historic church and parsonage site at 216–220 E. Gurley in Prescott, Arizona.
The green is bounded by Route 68 and Center and Church Streets.
Constructed in 1889, the Mayer House was the work of Samuel Hannaford, one of Cincinnati's premier architects.
They were built to Neoclassical designs by William Smith and his son Francis.
It is the oldest residence in Raleigh on its original foundation.
It was built in 1868, and is a one-story, Gothic Revival style brick building with a bell tower.
Goodhue Lutheran Church is a historic church located at Florence in rural Codington County, South Dakota.
The cemetery is noted for its Crystal Shrine Grotto, a hand-built cave depicting Biblical scenes built by artist Dionicio Rodriguez.
Beckford's Tower, originally known as Lansdown Tower, is an architectural folly built in neo-classical style on Lansdown Hill, just outside Bath, Somerset, England.
The Simpson Copple House is a historic residence in Hood River, Oregon, United States.
Union Historic District is a national historic district located at Union, Monroe County, West Virginia.
Bolton Green Historic District is a historic district that includes the town green, Bolton Green, of the town of Bolton, Connecticut.
It is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
It was built in 1918 and added to the National Register in 1975.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
Hunts Corners is an unincorporated community in southeastern Lyme Township, Huron County, Ohio, United States.
It is a series of overlapping base camp sites dating from the Clovis phase of the Paleoindian period, through to the Late Woodland period.
The Lynchburg Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located at Lynchburg, Virginia.
It is named for Chickatawbut, who was a 17th-century sachem of the Wampanoag Indian tribe.
It was laid out not long after the town's first meeting house was built nearby.
On the present property he erected the present house in 1852, and here he resided until his death in 1887.
It encompasses 27.1 acres, and as of 2014, had over 30,000 interments.
Joseph Russ was a bachelor when the house was completed and is mother moved in as well.
It is part of the Marion County Public Schools district.
It was the centre of superstitious rites in Brittany for centuries and became an object of a pagan veneration.
The property grew to meet the needs of guests and by the 1920s included an impressive lodge, cabins, barns, post office, and outbuildings.
The tower sits at an elevation of 155 metres in the village of Nonza on the west coast of Capicorsu.
The church was built on a stone foundation with wood clapboard siding.
In 2015 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Today, the inn serves as medical offices.
Another Register-listed building, the Akron Post Office and Federal Building, sits on the opposite side of Market Street.
It is constructed of brick, painted white, and is in the Colonial Revival style.
It is now known as Swan's Marketplaces, a mixed-use commercial and residential area.
The house was extensively altered in the late 19th century and now possesses an elaborate balconied tower.
It measures 50 feet by 30 feet and sits on a brick foundation.
Edge Hill, also known as Kennedy Home, is an example of Greek Revival architecture.
Hillsdale Historic and Archeological District is a historic district in Richmond, Rhode Island.
Ashland was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
In 1980, Irwin-Williams and co-principal investigator Phillip Shelley wrote, compiled and edited a multivolume, 1,500-page report.
On the west, they bend on the slope leading to the heights of Mt.
It features a modern design, irregular plan, stone foundation, and simple decoration.
In recognition of this fact, they were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
The upper six courses comprising the loft base are square-notched.
The first session to sit in Navy Hall was on September 17, 1792.
The church building, its rectory, and parish school building were added to the National List of Historic Places in 1984.
Dilworth House is a historic home located at Port Penn, New Castle County, Delaware.
There is also an unusual 39 foot long underground passage, perhaps used in the ceremonies to allow performers sudden entry thus surprising the audience.
Mother Jones' Prison, also known as Mrs. Carney's Boarding House, was a National Historic Landmark located at Pratt, Kanawha County, West Virginia.
The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
It has been identified as a galleon of the fleet that carried conquistador Tristan de Luna and his army to La Florida in 1559.
The house was constructed on an H-shaped plan in 1576 for the Starkie family and re-built in the Georgian style in the mid-19th century.
Quackenbush House is a historic building in Albany, New York.
The major occupation of the people living at this place is agriculture.
It is part of the Miami-Dade County Public Schools district.
It was built circa 1850 by John Tate Lowry, a merchant with the firm of Lowry, Hamilton and Company.
Pottgen House, 1898, Queen Anne style house, 9 Glenville Street
But by 1979, when the City of Antioch purchased the property the house had fallen into disrepair.
It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places listings in Bexar County, Texas on February 16, 1996.
The Fergus Falls Daily Journal reported that a Mr. Mathews had pulled the millstones from the nearby Balmoral Creek.
It was demolished in the 1950s and replaced with the Former Central Government Offices.
The north end gable is built in stone and brick.
Arden Park Boulevard and East Boston Boulevard feature prominent grassy medians with richly planted trees and flowers.
In 1891, Sarah Rose Baker, a widow woman who had worked at the hotel for 7 years, Mrs. Rose purchased the hotel from the McFarland family.
It is the last known building in Miami directly associated with railroad magnate and developer Henry M. Flagler.
It has several hundred members and works on issues of general neighborhood interest.
First Congregational Church is a historic church at 303 S. Dakota Avenue in Sioux Falls, South Dakota.
Moccasin Bend was a part of the Trail of Tears and also played a vital role in the American Civil War.
It is located at 40 South Palafox Street.
In the 1960s, four predominantly African-American parishes were merged and consolidated at St. Benedict's.
The district is bounded by Nelson and Park Avenues and 2nd and 12th Streets.
One vision of the Walnut Hills Area Council is for the city to acquire 10 to 15 buildings, and selectively tear down half.
It's situated at the intersection of three county lines: Alpine, Amador, and El Dorado counties, at 7,800 feet up.
It is named for the two streets that cross at its center, northeast-only Fairlie and southeast-only Poplar.
He sold off all of that property by 1819, at which time only two of the surviving houses had been built.
Lincoln Park has been nicknamed the "Arts District" of Newark.
They were supported in their efforts by then Huntsville mayor Joe W. Davis, Madison County Commissioner Tilman Hill, and Alabama U. S. Senator John Sparkman.
The 250 seat theater has the full backing of the Hepburn Estate and the actress's family.
Joseph Davis gave Jefferson the full use of more than 1,000 acres adjoining Hurricane in the 1830s, a bequest Jefferson Davis named Brierfield.
Reports were published by the Missouri Archaeological Society.
Elizabeth W. Morris Memorial Building, which at the time of NRHP listing was home of the Ridgefield Library and Historical Association
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
Since its early days, the building has been given an asphalt roof and various elements of stone.
Monroeville was platted in 1817, one year after the arrival of the first settler, and the village was incorporated in 1868.
There is also evidence of black and red pottery, such as bowls featuring linear paintings in black.
The Ridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Valentia is a historic home located at Hagerstown, Washington County, Maryland, United States.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
Although damaged by fire, it retains significant architectural features which reflect the two-part block commercial design which was popular at the time, and Italian Renaissance Style.
There are ESOL students in this school.
The town was planned as a unit in 1896 after the land was acquired from the Shoshone and Arapaho.
It encompasses an area of the Connecticut and Deerfield River valleys containing evidence of relatively large-scale human habitation dating back some 10,000 years.
It is associated with a prominent pioneer family giving it major significance to the history of Ohio County.
The Davenport Hotel was the first hotel in the United States with air conditioning, a central vacuum system, pipe organ, and dividing doors in the ballrooms.
In 1789 alone 150 log houses were built in the district.
Items made from this quarry have been found across southern New England.
Most visitors enter the valley from roads to the west and pass through the famous Tunnel View entrance.
Number 12 was associated with John Hunter FRS in 1785.
Excitement attended the Cardinal's debut, for it became the scene of tea dances and balls.
The community's land is still owned by the camp meeting association and leased to individual homeowners and businesses.
Nitt Witt Ridge is a house on two and a half acres in Cambria, California, United States.
The church sued the city of Philadelphia for not providing it with adequate protection.
On top of the ridge are two square ventilators.
The one-room study that Neihardt used from 1911 through 1920 as the place where he wrote many of his works is preserved at the site.
Located within the district is the Old Horry County Courthouse and the town clock.
The Latch porch was at Nailsea Court for nearly twenty years, before being returned by Charles Evans to Upper Langford in 1923.
She was destroyed in an air attack on 7 July 1942 and rests at a depth of 115 feet at 35°14.330′N 75°06.690′W.
The mildly Italinate style of the building, makes it a particularly handsome example of nineteenth century industrial architecture.
The houses along this road generally date from the late 18th to mid-19th century, and mainly reflect Federal and Greek Revival styling.
Shotwick House is a large house in Great Saughall, Cheshire, England.
It is located on the northern banks of Noyyal River, a tributary of the Cauvery.
Designed by Boise architects J. E. Tourtellotte & Company, it is a simple Gothic Revival structure.
The restored building is part of the Valley Forge National Historical Park and is open to the public.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
The Concord Hicksite Friends Meeting House is a historic Friends meeting house located near the community of Colerain, Ohio, United States.
Henry-Remsen House was a historic home located at Colonie in Albany County, New York.
It is bounded by a typical New England fieldstone wall that probably dates to early in the cemetery's history.
The Howard County Courthouse is located at North Main and Bishop Streets in Nashville, Arkansas, the seat of Howard County.
Rogers Hall, also known as Courtview, is a three-story antebellum house at 500 Court Street in Florence, Alabama.
The area's early residents occupied numerous places on the socioeconomic spectrum, ranging from laborers to merchants and artisans to executives.
On June 3, 1911, over 4,000 people from the surrounding counties gathered for Confederate Decoration Day at the monument, with the keynote speakers being ex-Union officers.
There is also a drive-through double corn crib; and a frame pig pen from 1914.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Major collections include rooms devoted to 1) American Indians of the Great Plains, 2) American Indians of California, and 3) American Indians of the Northwest Coast.
The Swan's Landing Archeological Site is an archaeological site from the Early Archaic period in Harrison County, Indiana, United States.
The school, built in 1911, is a one- and one-half-story cruciform-plan building with classrooms on the
It encompasses the village's historic core and charts its development from a major whaling port to a summer resort community.
Of six such houses built in the 1910s and 1920s on River Street, only it and 25-27 River Street remain.
A small polygonal apse is located on the far end, and wings are located on both sides of the structure.
It contains 253 contributing buildings in a residential neighborhood in southwestern Arlington.
It includes many mansions built for the wealthy from about 1890 to 1910, most of which were later divided into apartments.
The Hays House is a historic home located at 324 South Kenmore Avenue, Bel Air, Harford County, Maryland, United States.
The Blythe Intaglios are the most well-known of the over 200 intaglios in the Colorado Desert.
The Beck Northeast Site is an archaeological site near Davidsonville in Anne Arundel County, Maryland.
It has a two-story, pedimented front portico in the Colonial Revival style addition.
It is a two-story, five-bay timber frame dwelling in the late-Federal style.
The largest human figure in the Blythe Intaglio group is 171 feet long.
824 Center Street The Dotterwick House, Victorian Vernacular Architecture
St. John's Evangelical Lutheran Church at 701 McFarlane Road is a Romanesque Revival-styled cream brick church built in 1874 with a tower centered at the front.
As part of the manor of Preston Plucknett it was originally known as Preston Great Farm, and has always been in lay-ownership.
It has a steep hipped roof topped by a massive square center tower.
It is located in the Highland Park neighborhood that also includes the Highland Park Historic Business District at Euclid and Sixth Avenues.
The Polychrome Historic District is a national historic district in the Four Corners neighborhood in Silver Spring, Montgomery County, Maryland.
O’Connor Rich Cut Glass has been described as one of the most extensive glass cutting factories in America.
The Eagleswood Mansion was located on the grounds.
It includes all the houses on Bracewell Street, Chase Avenue, and Hall Street, and some houses on Chase Hill and other streets adjacent to those.
It housed town offices until 1958, and housed district courts until 1979, when it was sold.
Thomas Oliver House is a historic home located at Lockport in Niagara County, New York.
Also on the property is a contributing church cemetery with graves dating back to at least the 1850s.
A, D, E, and F trains at all times;
It was sold in December 2013 to Maritz, Wolff & Co., which spent $15 million on a complete renovation.
The Charles Sweeney Cabin is a structure within the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park.
Its dedication in August that year is believed to be the first Memorial Day service in Iowa.
It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1984.
Portions of the street run through Dallas' Peaks Suburban Addition neighborhood and Peak's Suburban Addition Historic District.
Located outside of the village of South Salem, the mound sits on high ground far from any stream.
Bank Buildings is a historical construction on a corner site at 1–7 Charing Cross, Birkenhead, Wirral, Merseyside, England.
Howard County historian Ken Short undertook an exhaustive analysis of the history of Walnut Grove.
The Milwaukee Road Historic District is a historic district encompassing the Milwaukee Road railway depot and facilities in Harlowton, Montana.
It has also been known as Ward Earth Lodge Village.
The village was inhabited by the Tübatulabal people, who used the site as a winter home, until a point between 1780 and 1820.
63, is an historic Masonic building located at 208 S. 8th Street in St. Maries, Idaho.
Federal style applies to the inside as well as the exterior of the house.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
Near it is a flag pole and another memorial.
Located in Chicago's central business district, the park's most notable features are Millennium Park, Buckingham Fountain, the Art Institute of Chicago and the Museum Campus.
The house also displays a very high degree of historic integrity on both the exterior and interior, with only minor alterations since its construction in 1910.
It constitutes one of the few works of ancient Egyptian architecture that can be seen outside Egypt and the only one of its kind in Spain.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
The property includes the remains of log slave quarters and a rare example of an early log barn.
The William T. E. Wilson Homestead, located in Sisters, Oregon, is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
However, only brief descriptions of these findings were ever published.
The Clinton County Courthouse is a historic courthouse located at 50 North Jackson Street in Frankfort, Clinton County, Indiana, United States.
In 1996 the house was sold to the Amitabha Buddhist Centre.
The Broadway development was spearheaded by Owen Burns, who commissioned the architect Dwight James Baum to design the hotel, offices, and apartment for his development.
The property is also known as The Katharine Hepburn Cultural Arts Center and Theatre.
Now run by the Ormond Beach Historical Trust, this building is the site of many events throughout the year.
Its historic cemetery also dates from the 18th century.
The house is a two-story, two-bay, gable-roofed building that is constructed with rubble fieldstone.
Located on the property is the Pleasant Ridge Cemetery with graves dating from 1848.
It is a single story structure, built out of fieldstone in the Rustic style popularized in the 1930s by the National Park Service.
"Lawrence Township Historic District" does not encompass all of the registered historic buildings, structures, and cemeteries within Lawrence Township.
The Samuel Jackson Jr. House is a historic house located at 137 Washington Street in Newton, Massachusetts.
The district includes a house, a cabin, root cellar, corrals and several storage buildings.
Meat Market-1-story brick building constructed around 1900 for F.W.E.
The historic district radiates away from the town common, and is bounded by farmlands and more recent 20th-century development.
The trail is important to New Mexico history because it established an arduous but usable trade route with California.
They were the Father Kenney House and stone barn with frame addition.
It is a Cultural Monument of Albania.
The districts consists of the 16 properties on Murray Street between Eagle Street and Stanley Street.
New attractions were added throughout the 20th century, and gambling became a major draw for a while after World War II.
It is located on County Road 149.
The ranger station comprises a wood-framed cabin and a barn, both adjoining a fenced pasture that surrounds Jacob Lake.
These sold for $2.50/acre, with six percent interest, and could be paid over the course of ten years.
John Hale Farm, is a historic Colonial house located at 39 Hale Street, Beverly, Massachusetts.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
A previous bridge at the site was destroyed during the American Revolutionary War to halt advancing British troops.
During the 1920–1921 school year, Lyndon B. Johnson was an 8th grade student in the one-room school.
Warren Paper Mill is a paper mill on the Presumpscot River in Westbrook, Maine.
Solar panels were installed on outbuildings in 2011.
The Pioneer Truck Factory is a historic building in San Francisco, California.
The Old Douglas Center Historic District encompasses the historic heart of Douglas, Massachusetts.
The houses are located along Summer Street, between Cotswold Terrace and Willow Street, as well as the adjacent house at 184 Gibbs Street.
It was besieged several times, and controlling it has been important to controlling the country.
Some are used as professional offices today.
The church is still being used for religious services.
Hale is now best remembered for playing a significant part in the infamous Salem witch trials in 1692.
McColley's Chapel is a Methodist chapel located between Ellendale and Georgetown, Delaware.
It is believed to be the only one of its kind in the United States.
The Brown–Stow House or Ichabod Stow House is a historic First Period house at 172 Harvard Road in Stow, Massachusetts.
Myers was a 1902 Harvard graduate and an art collector.
The building was put on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
Burns Family Farm is a historic farm and national historic district located at Bovina in Delaware County, New York.
It borders downtown to the south at Woodall Rodgers Freeway, Bryan Place to the east at US 75, and LoMac to the north and west.
The town of Murphys was a popular stopping point along the stagecoach route from Milton to the Calaveras Big Trees.
An album detailing the work and its commissioning is held by the Chard Museum.
The Ottumwa Cemetery is a public cemetery located in Ottumwa, Iowa, United States.
While William Penn resided at nearby Pennsbury Manor, he attended Friends meeting in Fallsington.
It was built for the First National Bank of Minneapolis, a predecessor of today's U.S. Bancorp.
The historic districts were established to preserve what would not be demolished.
It consists of a five bay frame main block with a five bay gable end addition, and five bay rear service ell.
It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1985.
It closed as a hotel in 2005; it was unused for four years, and its fabric suffered serious deterioration.
It is an example of Colonial revival architecture built in 1920.
The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
The seminary closed in 1969 and is now a retirement center for clergy and lay people.
Also located in Highbank Park are two subconical Adena era mounds.
On July 25, 1869, the two congregations merged and became the Union Presbyterian Church of St. Peter.
On May 7, 1979, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
And the southern gable had an ogee quatrefoiled window under the apex to provide light.
It is in the disputed Aksai Chin region claimed by India.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 23, 1977.
It now houses Trinity Western students who are interning in various governmental, cultural, business, journalistic, or non-governmental offices.
The Ormond Hotel was a historic hotel in Ormond Beach, Florida, United States.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
The ditch is almost square in plan with rounded corners and covers an area of approximately 0.7 acres.
The Newton Theological Institution Historic District is an historic district in the village of Newton Centre in Newton, Massachusetts.
In 1982, the FDIC and the New York State Banking Dept arranged for it to be merged with the Dry Dock Savings Bank headquartered in Manhattan.
The estate was designated as a country park in 1980, and since 2002 has been part of Loch Lomond and The Trossachs National Park.
On May 18, 1989, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The former North Western Hotel is on the east side of Lime Street, Liverpool, England, fronting Lime Street railway station.
Holy Cross Monastery and Church is a registered historic building complex in Cincinnati, Ohio, listed in the National Register on September 13, 1978.
It is formed by the intersection of Dudley, Bartlett, Centre, Roxbury and Highland Streets.
Pennellville Historic District  is a residential district located in the town of Brunswick, Maine,.
It is located across a 30 mile stretch along the eastern edge of the Biscayne National Park.
It is the last remaining example of a forest lease vacation lodge in the park.
It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1991.
The island is named for its early owner, Lewis Deméré, who was born at St. Simons Island, Georgia.
The house was built in stages, starting in the late 18th century, with a mid-19th century addition and other additions in the 20th century.
It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Lone Star Baptist Church is a historic church at 620 Sheridan Rd.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 4, 1974.
The house was sold by the Tuley family to Colonel Upton L. Boyce in 1866.
85 once again proudly shuttles passengers from Southend, a neighborhood to adjacent to Dilworth, to Charlotte's urban center.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
The Las Vegas Grammar School on Washington and D Streets in Las Vegas, Nevada, also known as the Westside School, Branch No.
The house remains largely intact since its construction in 1918 and retains a high degree of architectural integrity.
It is also the heart of Baltimore's growing Latino community and is sometimes called "Spanish Town".
Frescoes outside and in the portico depict trees, waterfalls and bridges – motifs rarely seen in Islamic art.
The pueblo was named for the early area homesteader George Lowry.
Up until about 11,000 BC, Gypsum Cave was inhabited by the Shasta ground sloth.
By the late 1850s, the cemetery was nearly filled, and the much larger Pine Grove Cemetery was created.
PT-658 was in the last group of four boats delivered from the 36-boat contract NObs-1680, October 1944 for PT-625 to PT-660.
Miller Field was used for antiaircraft fire and training Coast Guard personnel.
After the war, he rebuilt his home in 1677 and he also built, for his son, the Major Thomas Fenner house.
The formation overlooks the southern portion of the Indian Wells Valley.
In 1918 Bennettsville High School was built next to it.
The view of these houses remains much the same as when most of the homes were completed.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
Bethel Lutheran Church is a historic church located at Main and Fifth Streets in Faith, South Dakota.
The Old Tampa Children's Home is a historic home in Tampa, Florida.
When South Brooklyn was first platted, Archwood Avenue was included as one of the village's side streets.
The Castle of Aznalmara is a castle located in Ubrique, Spain.
Elias H. Geiger House, also known as the Geiger-Weidman House, is a historic home located at Ossian near Dansville in Livingston County, New York.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
It is 16'6" wide with a road width of 12'4".
The name comes from Rugan beorh or Ruwan-beorge meaning Rough Hill.
The house is built in sandstone and it has a stone slate roof with a sandstone ridge.
The barn dates to the mid-18th century.
The only criterion under which it did not qualify was that of association with a prominent individual.
In 1906 Nicholas and Elsbeth Freitag built a new house in the then popular Queen Anne style.
1, is a circle 23 feet in diameter and 4 feet high, with a slight depression in the center.
Many of the structures are listed buildings.
Most of the buildings house commercial enterprises, and the Cattermole Memorial Library, which is individually listed on the National Register, is included as a contributing property.
Through horticulture, education, research, and visitation, Mt.
Today, it is best known as the backdrop for the Ocean House, the only Forbes Five-Star and AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Rhode Island.
The church building at Hebron is a large, white, frame structure.
Local entrepreneurs rebuilt the area as quickly as possible.
Hopper House, is located in Saddle River, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.
In the 1980s it was owned by Mitch Kapor, founder of Lotus Software.
The Chapel of the Incarnation is an L-shaped church building of the Mission style.
Generations of descendants succeeded him in the house, until in 1937 they finally sold it to the Beverly Historical Society & Museum.
The Pensacola Historic District is a U.S. historic district located in Pensacola, Florida.
The plantation house constructed circa 1745 remains well-preserved in its original historical state.
On top of the tower was a crenellated parapet.
Almost nothing remains of the iron works itself.
The 2.2-acre district consists of 5 properties on the east side of South Street and one on the west side:
The Aqueduct of Albatana is an aqueduct located in Albatana, Spain.
The district consists of approximately 126 structures in a well known enclave of primarily Victorian homes.
An additional room was added in 1922 to accommodate expanded enrollment.
The hotel was designated a National Historic Site in 1995.
The Forbus General Store was built by W. M. Johnson in 1892, and was operated by Johnson until his death in 1941.
A light sandstone arch surmounts the frame.
The post cemetery also remains, containing civilian burials from the fort era.
The homes were constructed from 1880-1930, and are representative of the residential neighborhoods of the period.
Most others were either residential or larger commercial buildings.
It is now used as a Masonic temple.
James Taylor Jr. brought to Newport his wealthy new wife Keturah Moss Leitch.
The Compo–Owenoke Historic District is a 154-acre historic district in Westport, Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
Goldsboro Historic District is a national historic district located at Goldsboro in York County, Pennsylvania.
On August 1, 1997, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The Bisbee Mill is a historic gristmill at 66 East Street in Chesterfield, Massachusetts.
In 2001 Rockefeller Group Business Center opened their offices within this historic building.
The Northwest Historic District is a U.S. historic district located in West Palm Beach, Florida.
St. Peter's Roman Catholic Church is a historic church building in Echo, Oregon, United States.
The Beverly Center Business District encompasses much of the historic 19th century commercial heart of Beverly, Massachusetts.
A local artist named Merry painted this stage set.
The cemetery was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 20, 1996.
The house, with its attached conservatory, wall, and service wing, is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
It is located at Palm Avenue and 14th Street.
It was built in 1893 for Mellen Bray, who also built the apartment block at 17-31 Herrick Street.
An woodshed was built nearby in 1934, of frame construction.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10, 1983.
The building was purchased in 2008 and the exterior was renovated at a total cost of $7,000,000.
The Peace Dove is the symbol of Sumgayit.
The ranch is located on the extreme eastern edge of Jackson Hole under Shadow Mountain.
The Baraga County Courthouse is the seat of government for Baraga County, Michigan, located at 16 North Third Street in L'Anse.
The Hi-Pointe-DeMun Historic District is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
The plans for the house were obtained from a popular ladies magazine, the Ladies Home Journal of September 1923.
A traditional building constructed in the 1840s by a well-known local builder, it has been named a historic site.
The Shaker Museum at South Union is located at the historic site of the South Union Shaker Village in Auburn, Kentucky, United States.
Rode Hall, a Georgian country house, is the seat of the Wilbraham family, members of the landed gentry in the parish of Odd Rode, Cheshire, England.
The Ryan & Company Lumber Yard is a historic site in Apopka, Florida.
It features broad, shady porches and high pitched twin gables in a vernacular Queen Anne style.
The large brick building spurred commercial growth in early Chinook.
The building is known for its elaborate stained glass windows, which feature the lost art of the "robing glass" technique.
The Statue of Liberty is a figure of a robed woman representing Libertas, a Roman goddess.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
The Cato Hill Historic District is a residential historic district in central Woonsocket, Rhode Island.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
The Boulevard Diner is a historic diner at 155 Shrewsbury Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.
The Ginery Twichell House is a historic house located at 17 Kent Street in Brookline, Massachusetts.
Houses At 16-22 East Lee Street is a block of historic homes located at Hagerstown, Washington County, Maryland, United States.
It encompasses 216 contributing buildings and 5 contributing structures in the crossroads and railroad village of Townsend.
The log and frame structure features wide eaves to keep the winter snow away from the walls.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
Lane’s former plantation became the site of new streets, homes and businesses.
Located near where the Rappahannock River crosses the Fall Line, Fredericksburg was a prominent port in Virginia during the colonial era.
Objects found at the site include flint tools, pieces of pottery, and a wide range of bone fragments.
A feature worth visiting is the old leper colony town, located on the northwest of the island.
The district contains 21 contributing buildings and 2 contributing structures.
Access to the church is restricted after vandalism in 2016.
Alexander Chamberlain built the first tavern-hotel in Rochester in 1835, the same year, he and Lot Bozarth filed a plat for the town of Rochester.
The branch served local citrus packing houses and a gas works.
On May 4th, all employees were served termination notices.
On November 10, 1994, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The Ham stone farmhouse was built by John Stourton, also known as 'Jenkyn' Stourton.
In 1964, the Nodena Site was declared a National Historic Landmark and in 1966 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The second floor of the monastery was destroyed during World War II's Allies bombings.
Its boundaries were increased to approximately the incorporated village borders in 1982.
The two-story wood depot was originally located at the corner of National Boulevard and Vinton Avenue.
Variant names for the cemetery include Narragansett Cemetery, Platform Cemetery, and The Platform Cemetery.
Sunnyside is also significant for its association with its builder, Dr. Michael Jenifer Stone.
It is the oldest Queen Anne style home in the city.
In 2010, a proposal was made to relocate the depot.
Shiloh Indian Mounds Site is an archaeological site of the South Appalachian Mississippian culture.
The cabin was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 14, 1984.
The church is the only colonial Virginia church that still has its original high-backed pews and one of two that has maintained its original three-tiered pulpit.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980, and currently survives as a private residence.
After being used as a warehouse for a number of years, the building fell into disuse just before the Second World War.
The Le Roy Commercial Historic District is a commercial historic district in downtown Le Roy, Illinois.
This two-story wood-frame house was built sometime in the 1870s, and is a fine local example of Queen Anne Victorian style.
This being said, it has also become the resting place for many prominent figures in the locale.
It is located at 119 Rose Drive.
It was built in 1884 and was added to the National Register in 1984.
The Hollywood Boulevard Historic Business District is a U.S. historic district located in Hollywood, Florida.
Developer Henry K. Turnbull and architect Stanley D. Anderson planned and built the original development in 1926.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
The location was the site of the Stewart Ranger Station, which was expanded to become the park headquarters.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
The alphabets are first century Greek and Hebrew, Old Libyan, Old Arabic and Iberian-Punic which probably dates from the 9th century B.C.
In 1986, the Carbaugh Run Rhyolite Quarry Site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places for its archaeological significance.
3 engine is in storage, and was restored in 1950.
It is part of The City Beautiful Movement and City Planning in Des Moines, Iowa 1892--1938 MPS.
Sneech Pond Road was formerly the major east-west highway through the area prior to the construction of the Nate Whipple Highway in the 1960s.
In 1890 the house was partially destroyed by fire and rebuilt in 1900.
The Tower of Seneca is a ruined Genoese tower located in the commune of Luri in the Cap Corse region of the Corsica.
It is the venue of an annual endurance riding event that has grown to be 6 days long.
Congressman David McKee Hall is buried in the church cemetery.
The John Coleman House, also known as Grassdale, is a historic plantation house in Eutaw, Alabama, United States.
St. Mark's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Boonsboro, Washington County, Maryland, United States.
The remnants of the built features are still visible at the site, which has been abandoned for decades.
They date to the 18th and 19th century, and are reflective of a number of popular architectural styles including Greek Revival.
Previously it was known as Caesar's Camp and is possibly associated with Black Ball Camp.
It is situated atop a hill in downtown Beirut a few blocks away from the Lebanese Parliament.
After the town subsidized the Congregationalists' building, the Free Will Baptists in the town built their own meeting house nearby, the Dana Meeting House.
The Monastery of Corpus Christi las Carboneras is a monastery located in Madrid, Spain.
It was vested in the Trust on 1 August 1995.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
It was the home of Delaware Governor James Ponder.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
The Clark Mills Studio is a historic building at 51 Broad Street in Charleston, South Carolina.
The district encompasses the town located along what was originally the National Pike.
The court consists of seven houses surrounding a narrow courtyard.
The Church of St Barnabas in Queen Camel, Somerset, England was built in the 14th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.
Camp Dudley Road Historic District is a national historic district located at Westport, in Essex County, New York.
Collinsville is a village and census-designated place in the town of Canton, Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.
The contributing structures are four bridges that cross the Pennsylvania Canal.
Dating of faded outlines of former frescoes from 9th–10th century.
As of 2017 it had acquired 66 hectares.
The property includes the ruins of a brick smokehouse, a stone root cellar and a two-story brick secondary house dating from the early 19th century.
Its borders consist of Farm, Sawin, Washington, and North Main streets, Zion's Lane, and the CSX railroad tracks.
The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
Fluted projectile points were found on the Channing Robinson farm by archeologist William A. Ritchie in 1946.
The Grade I listed building is between West Pennard and West Bradley in the English county of Somerset.
After the attack on Pearl Harbor, however, bridge building screeched to a halt, except on roads designated as critical to national security.
The well was capped in the mid-1960s.
The church was erected on an earlier structure, with the present edifice begun in 1699.
Historian Richard Rivoire says it was sold to J.T.
The current address is 315 Cortsen Road Pleasant Hill, CA
It was built in 1870 by German immigrants who settled and farmed northwestern Le Sueur County, and was added to the National Register in 1982.
The Riddle–Friend House is a historic residence in Wyoming, Ohio.
The Highland Lodge, also known as Pequea, is a historic home and resort building complex located at Frederick, Frederick County, Maryland, United States.
It is a two story, rectangular five bay wide, center entrance dwelling in a late Federal and early Greek Revival style.
It is a two-storeyed building constructed from local slate stone and has a great hall with a hammer-beam roof, installed in the late 15th century.
It is located at 116 West Davis Boulevard.
It is one of three Mohawk Indian village sites excavated by the archaeologist Robert E. Funk in 1969-1970.
It features an eclectic design with three tower caps and multiple hip roofs.
In addition to the kilns of the ironworks, the community was served by a railroad and had a 100-room hotel.
The courthouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 17, 2005.
In addition to dances, the hall also hosted basketball games, Dayton Benefit Club meetings, local school events, and political functions.
It is named for the man who led the way to help preserve the Lock site, which today covers 19 acres.
The Delaney Barn is the barn of a former homestead located at 170 S. Chambers Road in Aurora, Colorado.
It is associated with historical events, both real and rumoured.
The Adams Street Historic District in Franklin, Tennessee consists of properties at 1112-1400 Adams, 1251-1327 Adams St., and 304-308 Stewart St.
The property is owned and managed by the Delaware Historical Society
South of President's House on the west side of Church Street are three private residences, all built in either 1896 or 1897.
It was built in 1909, used as a Franciscan monastery and boarding school and purchased by the Maharishi Foundation in 1984.
The site is located on one of the earliest land grants in Talbot County, surveyed on October 18, 1658.
On March 1, 1973, the Midway Historic District was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The Stari Grad Plain is Croatia's 7th location protected by UNESCO.
As of December 2005, the roadside restaurant and motel/campground sitting atop the ravine were closed.
The Church is no longer actively used for services.
The Bridgeport Downtown North Historic District is a 20-acre historic district in Bridgeport, Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
Originally this home was two rooms, one on top of another, 17' by 20', with a full field stone cellar below.
The Church of Santa Catalina is a church located in El Bonillo, Spain.
The Kalorama area within the Northwest Quadrant of Washington, D.C. includes the residential neighborhoods of Kalorama Triangle and Sheridan-Kalorama.
It is designated as a historic bridge by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
"Hence, when Sheriff Reed and Judge McReynolds were thrown into prison at Tyler, it was decided that they should never go at large again".
Interesting aspects of the home include clinker brick and Arroyo stone chimney.
Clausen served as Luther Valley pastor until 1851.
The ruins of the structure are located 2.5 kilometres southwest of Dunino, and 6.5 kilometres northwest of Anstruther.
The square was a prestigious, high-class development, attracting the social elite.
The temple is built around the prison cell where the ancient Hindu god Lord Krishna is said to have been born.
The Jane Todd Crawford Library was on the second floor.
The large bungalow was built by John Ohm, a prominent rancher in the San Joaquin Valley, in 1908.
The Fox Theater, Westwood Village, also known as the Fox Village Theater, is a historic, landmark cinema in Westwood, Los Angeles, California, in the Westwood Village.
There are 50 contributing resources in the 192-acre district.
It is located on the main street alongside the notable Opera House.
The church was built in 1896 and was followed by an elementary school in 1899 and the cemetery in 1903.
An additional block of commercial buildings was also added on the north side of West Main Street, extending just west of Holden Street.
The remainder were listed as a historical monument in 1964 and 1973.
The house itself was let to a succession of tenants until Sir Hubert Mervyn Medlycot sold it in 1957.
The Boehnen Memorial Museum features a reconstructed lodge and many of the artifacts found at the site.
Surrounding farms included in the district are the Gilchrist-Pritt-Perrine farms; Overholt-Gilcrist-Pritt and McClung farms; Beckett, Kilcollin, and Lemon farms; and Siebold and Weikle farms.
In 1972, the Edwards family requested that her name be taken off the park because the design called for the retention of much of the plant.
The basic dimensions were 9.9 to 9.1 meters and had a wooden roof.
The property was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
It currently houses the Ruskin Woman's Club.
North Wayne Historic District is a national historic district located at Wayne, Delaware County, Pennsylvania.
Lewis and Clark did not visit it but wrote of it.
It was built in 1911 and was added to the National Register in 2005.
Such sites were typically chosen for castles in low-lying areas.
The Ardgowan estate has been held by the Stewart family since the early 15th century.
Duntrune Castle is located on the north side of Loch Crinan and across from the village of Crinan in Argyll, Scotland.
It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1989.
The house is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
Emil Haury excavated the Naco mammoth site in April 1952.
The High Street Historic District in Wilmington, Massachusetts is a residential historic district along High Street.
The Glen Saint Mary Nurseries Company is a historic site in Glen St. Mary, Florida, located at 7703 Glen Nursery Road.
It is one of several national parishes with this designation in the city, along with St. Elizabeth's, St. Michael's, St. Stanislaus', and St. Stephen's.
Washington Avenue Historic District is the historic center of Cedarburg, Wisconsin, the location of the early industry and commerce that was key to the community's development.
Covering two blocks of South Street, it includes 21 buildings, of which 15 were built before 1850, and the rest before 1900.
Sydney Place in the Bathwick area of Bath, Somerset, England was built around 1800.
The Major Noyes Barber house, built in 1810, is a Federal style structure.
The square is located where the following streets would otherwise intersect: Massachusetts Avenue NW, New York Avenue NW, K Street NW, and 8th Street NW.
It is Las Vegas’ oldest remaining schoolhouse and currently houses KCEP-FM, a community center and the Economic Opportunity Board.
On November 1, 2007, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The American Woman's League was a political and social organization founded by magazine publisher Edward Gardner Lewis in 1908.
Notable buildings include the Hard Times Tavern, Samuel Armitage House, Hill House, Watson Kenderline House, Cuttalossa Inn, and Laurelton.
Newark in the past has been a large producer of gospel music and continues to produce well-known black artists.
The quarry was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
The interior is arranged according to the so-called Quaker or Penn plan.
The Molstad village site was excavated by this team in 1962 under the direction of J. Jake Hoffman.
The Jackson Historic District is a historic district in the city of Jackson, Alabama.
This was part of an attempt by city leaders to suppress the mass gatherings at the square.
The Woman's Club of Jacksonville was an historic woman's club in Jacksonville, Florida.
With his finances assured, he abandoned the practice of medicine and devoted himself to education, opening a school in his house in late 1847.
Although the mound has not been excavated, it is assumed that the mound was used for burials.
Weno is an island municipality of Chuuk State of the Federated States of Micronesia and is the largest city in the country.
Barncluith is an area of Hamilton, Scotland.
Bastion Bunglow is an example of Indo-European style architecture mainly following the Dutch style.
Shortly after its construction, a complex of separate log dog kennels, a log cache and an outhouse were added, also to a standard Park Service design.
The Mohegan Manor is the site of a historic association fundraiser in November 2010.
Its foundation and walls are made of wood, and the roof is asphalt shingles.
The entire street is 7 1⁄2 miles long.
It was built in 1859 as the Royal Victoria Patriotic School, by popular subscription as an asylum for girls orphaned during the Crimean War.
Colonel Thomas H. Barclay resided at "Bostwick," the oldest surviving structure at Bladensburg.
The New Mount Sinai Cemetery is a 52-acre cemetery in St. Louis, Missouri that was founded in 1850.
The Tretheway Block is a historic commercial building located at 229 E. Weber St. in Stockton, California.
It has a gable roof and features a three-stage bell tower with steeple and crowning weather vane.
The Alameda Free Library is the city library of Alameda, California.
The church was consecrated on June 12, 1892.
Fountains Abbey is one of the largest and best preserved ruined Cistercian monasteries in England.
It was built before 1735 and was destroyed in 1810 to deny it to the French.
St. Ludger Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church located at Montrose, Henry County, Missouri.
The Governor Robert McClelland House, which is also listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located within this district at 47 East Elm Street.
Before his death he wrote a detailed account of the land ownership over the years and immortalized the history of the park in early print.
Swansea Village Historic District is a historic district roughly along Main Street from Gardners Neck Road to Stephens Road, and Ledge Road in Swansea, Massachusetts.
Confederation Square is an urban square in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, and is considered the second most important ceremonial centre in Canada's capital city, after Parliament Hill.
Also included are more than 200 units of public housing, built between the early 1940s and 1959 as Colonial Revival-style row houses.
The location is a multi-component site having Archaic village, one Middle Woodland village, and at least two overlapping Fort Ancient villages.
Tor House and Hawk Tower are buildings in Carmel-by-the-Sea, California, home of poet Robinson Jeffers and family from 1919 to 1999.
A variety of open work ivory carvings, engraved with iron burins, are renowned for their figurative representations that include polar bears, loons, seals, and humans.
Patee Town Historic District is a national historic district located at St. Joseph, Missouri.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
In 2004, it was purchased and shortly thereafter moved to 622 Belleview Boulevard.
The complex also includes one of two known copies of a statue of Kateri Tekakwitha by Joseph-Émile Brunet.
The island was drastically modified in the 1970s when the Tennessee Valley Authority built Tellico Dam.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 for its architectural significance.
The Castle of Zahara de la Sierra is a castle located in Zahara de la Sierra, Spain.
The Haring-DeWolf House, is located in Old Tappan, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.
Beckford was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
His daughter Catherine later founded the Sisters of Charity of Nazareth.
Leech painted watercolor murals at the Joel W. Solomon Federal Building and United States Courthouse, a building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The original church building was constructed in 1765, but was destroyed by fire.
The building which houses the Círculo de Bellas Artes was designed by the architect Antonio Palacios and constructed in 1926.
The Emeryville Shellmound, in Emeryville, California, is a sacred burial site of the Ohlone people, a once-massive archaeological shell midden deposit.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
The Billingsley Farm is a historic place in Wadesboro, Florida, United States.
This building was the first to be built of brick in the area, marking a shift away from wood frame construction that dominated the area.
The Institute for Colored Youth was founded in 1837 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States.
Centerview is a historic home located at Lynchburg, Virginia.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
The Ring road separates North Ridge from the northern district of Kanda.
It is located at the junction of Miakka and Wilson Roads.
The building has gone through multiple changes of ownership and has been renamed at various times the Hilton, the Wilton, and the Breakers International Hotel.
The park's name stems from the Tettegouche Club, an association of local businessmen which purchased the park in 1910 from the Alger-Smith Lumber Company.
Materials from the site are archived at the University of Wisconsin in Madison, and at the state archaeological office.
The district includes the Hilgen and Wittenberg Woolen Mills and Cedarburg Mill, which are listed separately on the NRHP.
A request to remove the bridge from the National Register has been submitted after its being damaged by fire in 2002.
The historic fire department has an engraved limestone name block above its door.
Gibson's Auto Exchange, at 211 W. College Avenue, Art Deco.
The church was built in 1908 for a congregation of immigrants from Galicia in Eastern Europe that had been established in 1901.
However, in 1998, the Goodhue family moved into the house, with Albert Goodhue as the primary caretaker.
It has a steeply-pitched gable roof covered with standing seam sheet metal.
Benjamin Blythe was one of the first 15 settlers of the Shippensburg area.
The exterior is distinguished by an enclosed entrance porch topped by a gable-roofed balcony.
Inside the church is a brass reading desk originally made in East Anglia.
Bohemia Farm, also known as Milligan Hall, is a historic home located on the Bohemia River at Earleville, Cecil County, Maryland.
Fisher was from a family that was active in the building trade in southwest Virginia and east Tennessee.
Anthony Paulet is buried at St George's.
The stone circles of Junapani are prehistoric megalithic circles in Junapani, near Nagpur in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
The pier is on the California Register of Historical Resources.
The Marymoor Prehistoric Indian Site is the site of an archaeological dig in Marymoor Park, Redmond, Washington.
Italian artisans were brought to Ashland to create the plaster ceilings in some of the rooms.
The platform mound, now overgrown with trees, may be the largest of any Mississippian culture site in Missouri.
Tipover Lookout Tree, reference number 91001953, 36°21′56″N 112°8′19″W
It lies 10 miles southwest of Richmond on County Road 595.
Stevenson later served as president of the Indiana Shorthorn Breeders Association and the American Shorthorn Breeders Association.
The Southside Historic District is located in Racine, Wisconsin.
The district covers 1,453 acres and contains 288 contributing buildings.
The Odd Fellows owned the church until 1939, when it became a community center.
In 1905, it provided water source to the budding town and railroad.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
The Court Street Commercial Historic District is located in Richland Center, Wisconsin.
The Embassy of the United States of America in Tel Aviv is the diplomatic mission of United States of America in the State of Israel.
In all, the area has 178 historical buildings over 2,500 acres on the National Register.
Although named a historic site a century after its construction, the building was mostly destroyed after extensive neglect caused restoration to become prohibitively expensive.
Mount Adams was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
The site takes its name from the Briscoe family, who owned the property until selling it to the state.
Shelby Place Historic District is a registered historic district in New Albany, Indiana, one mile north of the Ohio River, across from Louisville, Kentucky.
The Tour de San Benedettu was a Genoese tower located in the commune of Lecci on the east coast of Corsica.
Zoar Moravian Church is a historic church in Laketown Township, Minnesota, United States, near the city of Waconia, Minnesota.
The Branch Brook branch of the Newark Public Library serves the neighborhood.
Seven buildings in its immediate vicinity were built between about 1850 and 1920, which housed businesses critical for the functioning of Rhode Island's growing industrial economy.
The tower is flanked by two Gothic lancet windows.
It has evidence of nearly 12,000 years of use by ancient cultures on the Llano Estacado.
The Lind Coulee Archaeological Site, also known as 45GR97, is the site of an archaeological dig near Warden, Washington.
The Texas Historical Commission also has a registration of this site, under atlas number 2085001175.
The district was designated a National Historic Landmark and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
It features a stone bell tower with a top floor of brick.
It depicts an American Indian brave hanging limp as his horse comes to an abrupt halt just prior to momentum carrying him over an unseen precipice.
As such, it is a unique site in southern Ohio.
The area is managed by the Bureau of Land Management.
The tower is not open to the public.
In early plans for a third Newark Light Rail segment, a stop was proposed for Lincoln Park/Symphony Hall on Mulberry Street and Camp Street.
Patterson-Hooper Family Cemetery is a historic cemetery located at Endwell in Broome County, New York.
The Palace Theater is a historic movie palace in downtown Canton, Ohio, United States.
The Holy Resurrection Church in Belkofski, Alaska is a historic Russian Orthodox church.
The Lyon Mountain Railroad Station is a historic train station located at Lyon Mountain, Clinton County, New York.
It is located in Knoxville, Tennessee within the historic Island Home Park neighborhood.
The Torre de los Adalides was a rectangular medieval look-out tower of Islamic design located in the vicinity of Algeciras, Spain.
It achieved significant prominence with the construction of a meeting house in 1799, and the land was sold off for development in 1812.
It was started in 1800 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
It was in official use as the town cemetery from about 1810 to 1856, until Oconee Hill Cemetery opened.
The house was fully renovated by Schoettlin Building Company.
The courtyard includes two buttressed piers topped by lamps.
Minne Lusa Boulevard is a contributing structure.
The Financial District continues today to be an important financial and office district in Detroit.
The Church of Saint Andrew is an Anglican parish church located on Turnhill Road, in High Ham, Somerset, England.
Attendance at the church fell after World War II and it was declared redundant becoming the responsibility of the Churches Conservation Trust in 1988.
It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1995.
Its observation cabin measures 7 feet square.
The Old Greenwood Cemetery was built as a graveyard for the old Main Street Methodist Church.
The Oakland Avenue Historic District is a residential historic district in the Smith Hill neighborhood of Providence, Rhode Island, USA.
The Scott's Woods Historic District is a historic district on Hillside Street between Randolph Avenue and the Blue Hills Reservation in Milton, Massachusetts.
On December 6, 1990, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Lonaconing Furnace, also known as The George's Creek Coal and Iron Company Furnace No.
The Manor House in West Coker, Somerset, England has medieval origins, however the earliest surviving portions of the current building probably date from around 1500.
William Wilson donated 100 acres along Deer Creek for the town.
It was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on January 4, 1989.
The district includes notable examples of Classical Revival and Late Gothic Revival style architecture.
He served as treasurer for Montgomery Township.
The school was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 24, 1995.
St. Mary's Monastery Church is a monastery church in Piqeras, Vlorë County, Albania.
The 2 stage west tower has buttresses on each corner.
Wright Butler House is a historic home in Cumberland, Allegany County, Maryland, United States.
She was en route to Dutch Harbor to be fitted for the invasion of Paramishiru Island in Japan, when Japan surrendered.
He was responsible for the Cathedral Basilica of the Immaculate Conception that still stands today and his own house.
It was one of three encampments erected by Red Stick Creeks that summer.
The estate was later home to Eastern Christian College.
Other terms used to reference the site include the Pluckemin Artillery Park, The Pluckemin Military Academy, and The Pluckemin Artillery Encampment.
It was restored in 1968 to match the 1845 painting of "Long Island Farmhouses" by William Sidney Mount.
Part of SR A1A is designated the A1A Scenic and Historic Coastal Byway, a National Scenic Byway.
Academy, and Fair Park Medical Careers Magnet High School is a high school located at 3222 Greenwood Road in Shreveport, Louisiana, U.S.A.
The single-story wood frame building was built c. 1871, and was designed to house a single period fire engine.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1973.
[Miss Dorsey] had chosen a bouffant frock of white net that contrasted nicely with her dark hair and set off her creamy complexion."
In the 16th century, the castle was abandoned and fell into disrepair.
The Studenica Monastery is a 12th-century Serbian Orthodox monastery situated 39 kilometres southwest of Kraljevo and 40.9 kilometres east of Ivanjica, in central Serbia.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
It is the "most comprehensive example of a New England mill village within the Town of Greenwich".
They are the separately listed Hanover County Courthouse, the old jail, the clerk's office, and the Hanover Tavern now known as the Barksdale Theatre.
The Embassy of the United States of America in Tehran was the United States of America's diplomatic mission in the Imperial State of Iran.
It is located at 101 South Pinellas Avenue.
Court Hill Historic District is a historic district located in Ottumwa, Iowa, United States.
The peninsula, which is approximately 300 yd long, emerges from the coast to the south.
It was commissioned by the County Court and was built between 1888 and 1890.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Pope Pius XII elevated the cathedral to the rank of minor basilica December 8, 1953.
The one-room brick schoolhouse was one of three completed in 1839 for the town, and is the only one to survive.
The Dixie Crystal Theatre is a historic site in Clewiston, Florida.
It is a Cultural Monument of Albania since 1970.
Architectural styles vary, including Beaux-Arts, Chicago Commercial, Federal, Greek Revival, Italianate, Neoclassical, and Renaissance Revival.
The main house was donated to the San Antonio Conservation Society in 1952.
Additions are a two-story lean-to, a one-story, one-room plan lean-to the north and a one-story frame ell to the rear.
Aztalan State Park is a Wisconsin state park in the Town of Aztalan, Jefferson County, at latitude N 43° 4′ and longitude W 88° 52′.
The present appearance mixes the Italianate style with elements of other Renaissance Revival styles, as a result of modifications performed in 1857.
The priory was abolished in the dissolution of the monasteries in 1539, and property belonging to it was sold to the Luttrell family of Dunster Castle.
The Long Canyon Village Site is an archaeological site located on the South Fork Kern River in Kern County, California, near the community of South Lake.
It was built as a side hall plan, single pile house and later transformed to a double pile dwelling with additions.
Today the house is located in Westboro at 529 Richmond Road.
Holy Trinity Church is a historic church in Kimball, South Dakota.
It consists of 30 buildings and 24 associated outbuildings, most dating from the late 18th to early 19th century.
It was very costly to maintain as the arches tended to collapse when the Rhône flooded.
They totaled nearly 120,000 people, two-thirds of whom were United States citizens.
The interior is ornate, with heart of pine floors; the doors and ceilings feature carved wood.
Many of the founders were officers of the Revolutionary War who had received federal land grants for military services.
The fishpond may have started as a sandbar where ocean currents met the stream mouth.
It is situated on Priory Green opposite the Tithe Barn and close to the walls of the Priory Church of St George.
Since the 1930s it has been in the possession of the Richards family.
The Foundation moved the house in 1977 from its original location across the adjoining parking lot.
It encompasses a densely populated neighborhood which was developed predominantly in the two decades beginning c. 1890, built to house workers in the area's jewelry industry.
The Windsor Road Historic District is a residential historic district just north of the village of Waban in Newton, Massachusetts.
Byrd High School had opened three years earlier in 1925.
The site is located about 1,000 feet inland from the water along a small tributary.
The Portland Packing Company Factory is an historic factory building at 14-26 York Street in Portland, Maine.
No significant changes have been performed since 1908.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Hotel Western is a building located in Nyssa, Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Two of the carvings are thought to be Sheela na Gigs.
Nitt Witt Ridge is California Historical Landmark No.
Peacock Farm is a residential neighborhood located in Lexington, Massachusetts.
Number 10 dates from the late 18th century.
The early 18th-century house is category-A listed, and was designed by Sir William Bruce.
Around the Green are several 18th- and 19th-century houses, and civic and religious buildings.
The site was first identified in 1955 by Perry S. Flegel of the Sussex Society of Archaeology & History.
It was built around 1763 by Deacon Andrew Hetfield, who was a Presbyterian deacon in Westfield.
The Convent of las Madres Carmelitas is a convent located in Boadilla del Monte, Spain.
225, is a historic rural school building located near Millsboro, Sussex County, Delaware.
The Chapel Street Historic District is a 23-acre historic district in the Downtown New Haven area of the city of New Haven, Connecticut.
Rosie the Riveter/World War II Home Front National Historical Park is a United States national historical park located in Richmond, California, near San Francisco.
First Congregational Church is a historic church building at 165 E. Mill Street in Porterville, California.
Founded in 1865 as the Washington Barge Club, the Club changed its name to Vesper Boat Club in 1870.
The complex has been restored and is used by a variety of public and private businesses, and as residential space.
St. Agnes Church is a church east of Lesterville, South Dakota.
It was built in 1866, and consists of a three-story, square, brick main block and two-story, frame rear wing.
On October 4, 2002, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Built in 1928 by the J. G. Brill Company, it is believed to be that company's last operating diner.
It was founded by missionaries of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, London, England, in 1706.
Built in 1973, the library housed the collection of the Ottawa Library Association, which was founded in 1873.
24, but the lodge now meets in a different location.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
The Frederick Apartments is a historic apartment building located at 515 N. Church Street in Charlotte, Mecklenburg County, North Carolina.
The district is centered on the town common, a triangular grassy space bounded by Elm Street, Still River Road, and Ayer Road.
Frisby Doub died unmarried without children in 1915 and the property passed to the Kline family who had been his caretaker while elderly.
In the late 18th-century, blockhouses dotted East Tennessee and the Trans-Appalachian frontier, as attacks from hostile Cherokee and other Native Americans were a constant threat.
Designed in the Venetian Renaissance style, the hotel was built with gray and reddish brown brick and featured terra cotta ornamentation.
It includes six contributing buildings as well as the ferry slip site.
The district consists of two discontinuous areas, one commercial and the other residential.
Boggs remained on the property until 1832, when William Renick married Jane Boggs and built the present house.
The church is a member of The Unitarian Universalist Association of Congregations and "People Acting in Community Together".
Significant structures located within the historic district are the Monongalia County Courthouse, the Metropolitan Theater, and the Old Morgantown Post Office.
The "Calvery" church was incorporated in 1863 according to the statutes of the State of Ohio.
A further expansion in 1999 added a single property on Suffolk Road.
Henderson was a prominent merchant and land speculator, who served as a County Justice and was well known for his "paper wars" in local newspapers.
Bowlin died soon afterward, and his wife sold the building, with the stipulation that it only be used for religious purposes.
The houses are in a diversity of styles popular at that time, including Second Empire, Stick style, and Queen Anne.
The Simsbury Center Historic District is a 75-acre historic district located in the town center area of Simsbury, Connecticut.
The house was a setting of the 2012 film Bourne Legacy.
In addition to Victorian Gothic, architectural styles used in residential buildings include Queen Anne, Georgian, and Colonial Revival.
It is located a half mile west of U.S. 1.
It is in the Italianate style and features a three-story tower in the central space.
If this is correct, the mound is likely to contain the remains of a wooden structure used for ceremonial purposes.
The castle is a part of the Budapest World Heritage Site, so declared in 1987.
The other is Lawrence Hall, which is no longer owned by the RHS; both are close to Vincent Square.
Bond's Chapel Methodist Episcopal Church, also known as Bond's Chapel, is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located near Hartsburg, Missouri.
It was lived in successively by Soliveras, Otero, and Alonso families, of sugar plantation wealth.
The area had a high concentration of distillers, and they were greatly affected by the whiskey excise tax and the Whiskey Rebellion.
It contains the graves of Africans who died after being rescued in 1860 from captured slave ships.
Chinqua Penn Plantation ranks high among North Carolina's finest well-preserved early 20th century homes, including Reynolda House, and Duke Mansion.
The site contains the most extensive Folsom culture campsite yet found with a radiocarbon date of 10,600 to 10,720 B.P.
In 1911, the winery and its 125 acres of vineyard were purchased by Enrico D'Agostini, whom the winery is now named after.
It is representative of Topsfield's development first as an agricultural community, and later as place for rural retreats.
Built in 1853, it is a locally distinctive example of Carpenter Gothic architecture, and is the only known statewide work of architect James Renwick, Jr.
It was constructed in 1697 and has been part of the Guildhall Museum since 1979.
It is one of nine archaeological sites in the county that is listed on the National Register.
It obtained Historic Mechanical Engineering Landmark status in 1991.
The ground floor of the building serves as the Pelahatchie City Hall.
In 2012, Preservation Maryland placed Bostwick on its list of threatened historic properties.
The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
The Patton Bridge was the only structure built between 1941 and 1950, which exhibits this innovative modification of the box girder design.
It is currently on private property and is inaccessible to the public.
The present Baroque-style church was built in the 18th century to replace an earlier romanesque temple.
The site covers 30 acres and is .25 miles long.
The American Missionary Association established the Storrs School in Atlanta.
This property is part of the Homestead Multiple Property Submission, a Multiple Property Submission to the National Register.
The store remained in the Bragassa family until 1987.
All of the listed properties have frontage on Central Street, even if their addresses are on one of the adjacent streets.
It was found later that that was unsatisfactory so a special 'booth' was built out over the audience from the balcony.
The commonly called Palace of the Dukes of Medinaceli is a Renaissance palace located in Cogolludo, Spain.
Several houses were designed by architects, and the design for at least one, the Gothic Revival house at #338, came from a pattern book.
That, and the small alley to the start of Bib Rambla, are today the only vestiges that remaining.
The oldest structure in the district is the 1650 Edward Wilder House at 597 Main Street.
The burial chamber was reconstructed in 1921.
It was extended in 1878, but reduced in size in the 1950s, and has since been in use as a hotel.
In 1701, the statue was substantially altered and placed in its present position at Quinipily where a garden has been created to showpiece the ancient monument.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
It is bounded by Palermo Street, Sorrento Street, South Harbor Drive, and Salerno Street, and contains 47 historic buildings.
Congregation Agudath Sholom is a historic Jewish synagogue at 29 Grove Street in Stamford, Connecticut.
It is a  2 1⁄2-story, side passage townhouse built between 1769 and 1781, by Dr. Abraham Mitchell, a physician from Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.
Constructed in the 1880s, it has been named a historic site as an example of the work of a prominent architect.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
Construction of the church building, on the northwest corner of 4th and High Streets, began in 1894 and was completed on September 23, 1895.
The court was built from 1922 to 1924, during a building boom for bungalow courts.
It has notable examples of the Queen Anne and Italianate architectural styles and buildings designed by noted Lancaster architect C. Emlen Urban.
It was built Craftsman-style, and is 1 1/2 stories high.
Neither excavation found significant objects with the exception of fragmentary pottery of prehistoric and medieval origin.
The more formidable residences line Washington and Clay streets and include a high number of Georgian Revival and Colonial Revival houses.
These artifacts represent many cultures, including various Archaic peoples, the Hopewell tradition, and other Woodland period peoples.
Troy was incorporated out of parts of Marlborough and Fitzwilliam in 1815.
It features two important houses: the Conrad–Caldwell House, and the Pink Palace.
Burges bought the lease on the plot of land in 1875.
Samuel Newman and his followers migrated to the area and established a huge town common in what was then Rehoboth, Massachusetts and now Rumford.
Mordecai Square Historic Park is now managed by the City of Raleigh's Parks, Recreation and Cultural Resources Department.
The stone aqueduct built to carry water for the mill parallels Niles Canyon Road .
The original structure, a small wood-framed building, was built in 1887 by a Polish immigrant community in the area of Pelican Lake.
Most of the neighborhood's residents were working-class, and many of them worked for the Union Pacific Railroad.
The NRHP nomination document for that district categorized it as a Renaissance Revival-style building.
The Ephraim Fitz-Randolph House is a historic house located in the Randolphville section of Piscataway, New Jersey.
The Eureka Springs Historic District is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
It was listed as a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places on July 10, 2008.
and an abundance of crazy old tenements with blinking casements, such as may be seen in Flanders.
The land on which Mechanics' Row sits once belonged to Edmund Martin who purchased the property in 1797 from John May.
A few date as early as 1895.
The McCune Site is a historic archaeological site in Lincoln, Massachusetts.
The complex was built by the Forest Service in 1910.
In 1972, the earthlodge village was also declared a national historic site.
The Instituto Lope de Vega is located in Madrid, Spain.
From SR 20, the diggins are reachable via the gravel Omega Road which merges with Forest Route 29 in small sections.
St. Francis Hospital is a registered historic building in Cincinnati, Ohio, listed in the National Register on April 19, 1984.
Holly Grove Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 244 East 2nd Street in Holly Grove, Arkansas.
Built in the 1880s for a flourishing congregation, it closed in the early 2010s, leaving behind a church building that has been named a historic site.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
Slight of build, Johnson never developed as a power threat but achieved his greatest success as a contact hitter and an intuitive defenseman.
1 Site is an archaeological site in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States.
It has also been known as Newton Tower and King Charles' Tower.
It is located off CR 326, east of the US 27 junction.
Lane added a two-story addition to the west and north sides of the house and a veranda on the other two sides.
Independence Presbyterian is largely a stone building; both the foundation and the walls are stone, and the roof is slate.
The tower dates from the 12th century and contains six bells.
The primary use of the site appears to have been during the Late Archaic period, during which time it was heavily used as a lithic workshop.
It now houses the Gloucester Institute, a non-profit training center for African-American community leaders and educators.
It may have been the site of an early Christian monastery.
Rumsey Farm was a historic home located near Middletown, New Castle County, Delaware.
The tower was built at the end of the 16th century.
It was declared redundant on 26 April 1973, and was vested in the Trust on 6 September 1974.
With the help of Sarah Green and Lethia Flemming, she began in 1893 to establish a home for the elderly.
Over time, the porch and side wing were added to the house.
The company still makes both zinc/Bristol glazed products as well as salt-glazed, hand-thrown, kiln fired items.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
The Ulster & Delaware Railroad Historical Society operates the Roxbury Depot Museum in the railroad station.
The Aaron Martin House is a historic house at 786 Moody Street in Waltham, Massachusetts.
Court Street Methodist Church is a historic church at 36 S. Main Street in Janesville, Wisconsin, United States.
Functionally, it has been replaced by the I-244 bridges across the Arkansas.
Two houses built in the district in the mid-18th century survive.
It is a  1 1⁄2-story, six-bay-wide by two-bay-deep stone dwelling surmounted by a steep gable roof.
On December 28, 2000, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
8 is a ladder dredge operated by the Fairbanks Exploration Company from 1928 to 1959.
In 1979, she was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
La Casa Primera de Rancho San Jose is a historic adobe structure built in 1837 in Pomona, California.
New Martinsville Downtown Historic District is a national historic district located at New Martinsville, Wetzel County, West Virginia.
It developed between about 1816 and 1925 and includes representative examples of Greek Revival, Italianate, and Gothic Revival style architecture.
The Center offered anonymous pregnancy testing and pro-choice counseling as well as programs on women’s issues.
The South Hadley Canal was a canal along the Connecticut River in South Hadley, Massachusetts.
It is bounded by Mill, Cooper, Rural, Court, Liberty, East Front, Cary and Despious streets.
The Plain School at 60 North Street, is the only building in the district that is not now residential in use.
The cast stone came in blocks made of concrete by Thomas R. Murray, the ranch founder.
The district is bounded by Maryland Drive, North Federal Highway, 19th Avenue North, and North Dixie Highway.
The most significant environmental feature is a complex system of sinking springs.
The Indians became more hostile to the mission, and in 1854 the missionaries abandoned the site and relocated to the Upper Sioux Agency.
Finlaystone House is a mansion and estate in the Inverclyde council area and historic county of Renfrewshire.
The Fuchs Bakery is a historic bakery in Homestead, Florida.
The front porch is two-stories and has a striking pediment.
Incomplete reference for Altamont HD, needs checking
It has a square bell tower and steeple last replaced in 1963.
He donated his holdings to the state to form the core of Skinner State Park.
The Hamburg Public Library is located in the district.
Constructed in the late 16th century, the building has been undergoing restoration since the 1990s.
Penns Park Historic District is a national historic district located in Wrightstown Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.
The complex comprises two stations, Bleecker Street and Broadway–Lafayette Street.
Located in the district is the separately listed Staudinger-Grumke House-Store.
The present facade and bell towers were added in 1963.
It has a one and two story frame addition at the east of the house dated to the late 19th century.
The column was restored from 2002 to 2008.
In 1998 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The Castle of Torremormojón is a castle located in Torremormojón, Spain.
Lula G. Scott Community Center is a historic Rosenwald school building located at Shady Side, Maryland in Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States.
Downtown Columbia Historic District, listed on the National Register of Historic Places, covers much of the downtown area.
It consists of the original four-bay,  1 1⁄2-story dwelling with three small additions; two having been moved from Sussex County, Delaware.
Also known as SMSA, the school teaches children not only academic subjects, but teaches them about the Catholic Faith.
The Aaron Taft House is an historic house at 215 Hazel Street, in Uxbridge, Massachusetts.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
The Michigan Central Railroad Chelsea Depot is a railroad depot located at 150 Jackson Street in Chelsea, Michigan.
On February 21, 2007, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The Water Avenue Historic District is a 10-acre historic district in Selma, Dallas County, Alabama.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
The hall is surrounded by 2,500 acres of parkland, which contains the Knowsley Safari Park.
It was built in 1874 by Thomas Briggs to house his family-owned hardware store.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
The house, with its associated stable block, is designated by Cadw as a Grade II* listed building.
The district is on the 300 Block of North Bridge Street.
The last remaining building of the community of Sugarlands community proper, it was built by Albert Alexander "Alex" Cole.
The Shaw-Leedom House was built about 1800, and is a 2 1/2-story, five bay, stone dwelling with a gable roof in the Federal style.
Winchester National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in the city of Winchester in Frederick County, Virginia.
The alliance declared in its assessment that the threat was the result of the nonfeasance of the city landmarks commission.
It is located at 5 South Central Avenue.
Vernon and Washington Streets, Waterfield Road, Church and Main Streets.
Confidential, The Adventures of Ford Fairlane, and Café Society, in TV shows, including Dragnet and Remington Steele, and in commercials by McDonald's, Ford, and Mattel.
Most of her writing after 1906 was done in the study on the first floor.
The Green Hill Site is a prehistoric archaeological site in Canton, Massachusetts.
The City of Salem has approximately 19,000 total residences, of which 6% or about 1,200 units are located in the Bridge Street Neck neighborhood.
The Pithoragarh Fort is situated on a hill on the outskirts of the town of Pithoragarh.
Dr. Henry G. Hadley operated a clinic in the house from 1923 to 1961.
A small portion of the district extends south of Route 9, including a few houses and the Baldwin School on Heath Street.
The Arab Baths in Ceuta are medium size medieval baths in what would have been the on the northern edges of the Medina quarter.
The hotel was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 30, 1989.
Located in the district is the Hockley House, designed by noted architect Frank Furness.
Courthouse designed by Arnold Brunner, the Cleveland Public Library, the Board of Education Building, Cleveland City Hall, and Public Auditorium.
They were known to travel as far as Istria and plunder Venetian ships.
Sandstone Ranch or Sand Stone Ranch, as it was first known, was listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places on April 2, 1976.
There is also a Petersham Common in the London borough of Richmond upon Thames.
Aigler Alumni Building is a registered historic building in Tiffin, Ohio, listed in the National Register on 1979-02-12.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
A cornerstone on the north wall of the barn reads 1819.
As originally built, the property could only be reached by water, though a driveway was added in later years.
Built in 1886, Trinity is the oldest of Tilden's surviving designs in Canton.
The Fort Ancient people are known to have used burial vaults, pits, and two types of mounds for the burial of their dead.
Booth and Herold left the property on April 21, crossing the Potomac River in a small boat.
The Seneca Historic District is a national historic district located at Poolesville, Montgomery County, Maryland.
In 1892 it sustained more fire damage in the fire of 1892, it was of the few structures that survived the devastation.
It was built in 1908, and is a two-story, wood frame building.
The Alamo Mission in San Antonio is commonly called The Alamo and was originally known as Misión San Antonio de Valero.
The school building stands at the corner of Miller Street and Townhead Street, and is now the Barncluith Business Centre.
It is located north of Osprey, on Little Sarasota Bay.
The building uses a structure of Cor-Ten Steel which is left from the headquarters building of Imperial Tobacco which was built in the 1960s.
A new high school replaced this on located on D Street in Antioch, California.
The Highland-Camrose Bungalow Village is a grouping of Craftsman style bungalows located at the northwest corner of Highland and Camrose Avenues in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California.
A later owner of the Ogle farm renamed the farm "Junglebrook," and the farm is thus sometimes referred to as the "Junglebrook Historic District."
It was gutted and restored to its original design in 2003.
The parish built its fourth church building in 1976, then built its present building in 1997.
The McCormick Manufacturing Company Building is an historic structure located at 434-438 E. First St. in Dayton, Ohio, USA.
St. Joseph Apache Mission Church is a historic church at 626 Mission Trail in Mescalero, New Mexico, United States.
photo 5, 2919 Oxford Rd., View looking SE
The house is a 1926 Neo-Classical Revival style house on 65 acres of landscaped ground.
A number of popular architectural styles are represented, including Greek Revival, Italianate, and Late Victorian.
It is a large Italianate-influenced frame house constructed about 1860.
Durward's Glen is a historic property located in the town of Caledonia, Columbia County, Wisconsin, northeast of the village of Merrimac.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
The Mendota State Hospital Mound Group and Farwell's Point Mound Group are also located at the facility.
Though the roof appears slanted today, the original roof was flat.
Bennett's Adventure was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
Van Denbergh-Simmons House is a historic home located at Colonie in Albany County, New York.
It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1997.
It was built about 1835, and is an "L" shaped brick residence.
The current senior pastor is Alan Wolkenhauer.
Other hiking opportunities include Marymere Falls, Spruce Railroad, and Barnes Creek Trails.
The library was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 10, 1988.
The most recent grave is that of Anna Colden Harris, who died in 1937.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 29, 1980.
The proposal centered on a series of monumental buildings created in styles evoking ancient Greece and the Italian Renaissance.
The district encompasses 1,284 contributing buildings, 96 contributing sites, 486 contributing structures, and 3 contributing objects.
Other outbuildings include 19th century barns, a corn crib, and a guest cottage added in the 1930s.
The Círculo de Bellas Artes is a private, non-profit, cultural organization that was founded in 1880.
On October 17, 1997, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The Masonic Temple is a historic Masonic temple in the village of Mechanicsburg, Ohio, United States.
The area contains remnants of 12,000 years of continuous human habitation and therefore serves as a fascinating area with a rich history and unique cultural significance.
Moore House is a historic home located at Smyrna, Kent County, Delaware.
The house is the only remaining example of the Dutch Colonial Revival style in Titusville.
It sits on the highest point of the Puntiglione headland at an elevation of 157 metres above the sea.
Architectural styles in the district include Queen Anne cottages, Folk Victorian houses, Colonial Revival houses, Craftsman Bungalow and Prairie School Foursquare Houses.
It is estimated that the wall’s restoration and an addition to the Metlar–Bodine House will cost close to $1 million.
It is roughly triangular in shape with an area of 5.8 hectares.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 29, 1987 as a part of the Plantersville Multiple Resource Area.
In 2008, the roof was set on fire, but no permanent damage resulted.
On January 13, 2013 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
In 1867, the structure was purchased for 7,000 lire by Montague Yeats-Brown, then English consul in Genoa.
There are 3 sanctums housing Mahavira, Parswanatha and Padmavathi Devi.
Located in the district is the separately listed Murray Theater.
Wood Island Site is an historic site in Keens Mills, Maine.
It is the oldest continuously operated commercial building in New Jersey.
The home is associated with Commodore Jesse D. Elliott who spent his boyhood years there.
Located near North Bend, the district lies near the intersection of Mount Nebo and Brower Roads.
Sargent's Pond is a man-made 3-acre pond on Sargent Road in Brookline, Massachusetts.
The site was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1964.
In addition to the common, the historic district encompasses many of the surrounding buildings including:
The property includes five buildings and 11 acres of land.
The Robert Lee McKenzie House is a historic house in Panama City, Florida, at 17 East 3rd Court.
Archaeology students from Defiance College took part in field schools at the site during the summers of 1968 through 1973.
The academy is co-educational and is run independently within the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wilmington.
Presbyterian Rest for Convalescents, also known as the Y.W.C.A.
Shoemaker III Village Site is an archaeological site near Emmitsburg, in the extreme northern section of Frederick County, Maryland.
The castle was located around 1 kilometre north-east of the village of Douglas, South Lanarkshire, in south-west Scotland.
The house is open daily to public from May through October.
The center consists of a number of buildings arrayed around a roughly oval common, which were mostly built in the middle of the 19th century.
In 1808 the building became known as Weltzheimer's Tavern.
Located in the district and listed separately are the Smaltz Building, Terminal Commerce Building, Goodman Brothers and Hinlein Company, and the Packard Motor Corporation Building.
St. John of God Roman Catholic Church, Convent, and School is a historic church in Kewaskum, Wisconsin, United States.
From May to June 1781, Lane’s property was the setting for a session of the state General Assembly.
The customs service later vacated the building and the courts expanded into their space.
They served as the residence and office for SRLC vice president Harold Fabian and foreman J. Allan from 1930 to 1945.
The Old Town Sebastian Historic District West is a United States historic district located in Sebastian, Florida.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
The Sanibel Colored School is a historic school in Sanibel, Florida.
Ybor City contains a total of 956 historic buildings.
There are two-storeyed watch-towers at the corners, which are crowned by battlements and merlons.
The annual holiday Spasovden is celebrated at the church by the Macedonian Orthodox population.
The district includes a number of multiple-family apartment buildings, three churches, the Women's Club of Ashton Heights, and Columbia Gardens Cemetery.
The main entrance portico features unusually elaborate Federal styling for a rural location, and was probably added in 1814.
11 Glenville Street, an Italianate house built in 1855 and expanded by John Sherwood in 1882
The San Pedro de Caracena is a Romanesque-style, Roman Catholic church located in Caracena, Spain.
The house was built in two phases for Robert Smith and his son, John.
The St Augustine Town Plan Historic District is a U.S. National Historic Landmark District located in St. Augustine, Florida.
It was completed in 1853 and is located at 10 Toronto Street in downtown Toronto.
Most of the buildings were built between 1810 and 1840, and reflective of the Italianate and Federal styles.
Designed by August Geiger, upon its completion in 1917 the Davie School was the first permanent school in the Everglades.
It encompasses the historic core of the hamlet of Hillsdale.
The district includes 142 contributing buildings and 1 contributing site in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of McConnellsburg.
The site was the birthplace of two-time US Presidential candidate Adlai E. Stevenson II, who was born there on February 5, 1900.
On September 15, 1946, he sold it to the Anderson Community Club, Inc. for $200.00.
The mission lasted until 1704, when it was captured by a militia of Creek Indians and South Carolinians.
On March 3, 1994, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
DeJarnette's Tavern, also sometimes called DeJarnette House, Daniel DeJarnette Tavern, or Staunton River Hunt Club, is a nationally registered historic place near Nathalie, Halifax County, Virginia.
It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
Of these, thirty-seven contribute to the historical integrity of the area.
It is one of the city's oldest houses.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 24, 1983.
Since there was no money to repair it, the house was demolished around 1925.
The tower is supported by diagonal buttresses.
The word casita is the diminutive of the Spanish word for "house".
It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1990.
Also on the property is a limestone Swisser style barn.
The Hupobi is a Tewa Pueblo ancestral site in an address-restricted area of Abiquiú, New Mexico, United States.
It includes 351 contributing buildings, three contributing sites, and five contributing structures.
The Sanctuary of Nuestra Señora de los Remedios is a sanctuary located in Fuensanta, Spain.
The Grosvenor Club and North and South Wales Bank is a building at 47–57 Eastgate Street, Chester, Cheshire, England.
As the only stone building in the area and the work of a prominent architect, it has been named a historic site.
The town exhibits a variety of building styles and notable examples of Greek Revival, Georgian, and Gothic Revival style architecture.
The hall is part of a working farm.
The population was 409 at the 2010 census.
It was added to the Register in 1982.
The park service also operates a visitor center with interpretive exhibits near the Lemon House.
The Hulbert House and McAlpin Bridal Cottage are two historic houses in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.
The new courthouse proved to be in a stable location, as the county seat has remained in Shoals since its construction.
Henry L. Kamphoefner, originally the head of Oklahoma State University's architecture program, became the first dean of the college's School of Design.
It is a large, multi-sectioned, mid to late 18th century, partially stuccoed stone telescope house.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
Seagoing ships anchored at Five Fathom Hole 11 km from the fort due to the shallow bottom, and goods were transferred by smaller boats.
The district contains five contributing buildings and one contributing structure.
In the 1950s, the city of Cocoa obtained the house from the Porcher family and turned it into the City Hall.
The lot currently located at 425 Oak Street was originally part of a subdivision known as "Vernon Village".
Architect Bob Franklin is leading the design.
Elizabeth Park is a city park located in Hartford and West Hartford, Connecticut.
The neighborhood continued to serve as port of entry for immigrants, both legal and illegal, mostly of Mexican descent.
Central House was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
Altit Fort and in particular the Shikari tower is around 1100 years old, which makes it the oldest monument in the Gilgit–Baltistan.
It is centered at the junction of Depot Street and Main Street, and includes properties lining those two streets and Old Farm Road.
The fort has multiple ramparts following the contours of the hilltop, enclosing an area of about 2.4 ha.
It was designed by architect Alfred Giles and designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark.
The machinery was powered by a water millm which was replaced by steam, oil and diesel engines.
Little is known about Mr. Leonard N. Wyant; in April 1880 he was elected an elder of the Cornwall Presbyterian Church.
Beginning in 1932, this was the location of the Allegheny County Fair.
Gulab Bari is not only a spot that needs to be visited; it is a place of worship and various cultural events.
On January 12, 1990, the house was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Sutter's Mill was a sawmill, owned by 19th-century pioneer John Sutter, where gold was found, setting off the California Gold Rush.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 23, 1985.
It was built in 1872, and is a two-story, eight bay wide rectangular brick house with a steeply pitched gable roof, in the Greek Revival style.
Southwest of Bodega Harbor is the University of California's Bodega Marine Reserve on Horseshoe Cove.
Many buildings in the district have remained intact since the early twentieth century.
In 1991 it consisted of a general store, one house, and some outbuildings.
It is a tangible reflection of the broad patterns of Midwestern religious development.
Unlike other Mississippian sites, this does not appear to have been occupied by the later Cherokee peoples.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
The Biddeford–Saco Mills Historic District encompasses the historic mill complex that flanks both sides of the Saco River in Biddeford and Saco, Maine.
An extension to the north designed by James Wyatt was added in 1785.
It is the only temple in Kerala dedicated to Lord Parasurama.
The Tillinghast Mill Site is an historic industrial site in East Greenwich, Rhode Island.
The house is a five-bay center passage farmhouse with an attached rear kitchen in a T-shaped floor plan.
To the east, the district includes early 20th-century houses built along the trolley right-of-way, forming a streetcar suburb.
Olney Street–Alumni Avenue Historic District is a residential historic district in northeastern Providence, Rhode Island.
The "dominant building" in the district is the courthouse.
Haddington is a neighborhood in the West Philadelphia section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Cawdor Castle is set amid gardens in the parish of Cawdor in Nairnshire, Scotland.
First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 110 Church Avenue in Oshkosh, Wisconsin, United States.
It was built between 1850 and 1860.
it is located near the southeastern end of Muscongus Bay, roughly midway between the southernmost parts of the St. George's mainland, and Monhegan Island.
It is a Cultural Monument of Albania.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
It was started in the 1950s by Rick Hall, known as the Founder of Muscle Shoals Music.
The buildings were listed as a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Continental Army Encampment Site is a historic site located at Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware.
Friendship Baptist Church is a Baptist church in Pasadena, California.
The lower walls of the Sanctuary are paneled in light oak to match the pews with notable stained glass throughout.
Structures were constructed from the late 19th century to well into the first half of the 20th century.
Colonel M. L. Kirkpatrick, a founder of the school, built the house sometime before 1870.
It is located in Fairfield, Alabama, six miles west of Birmingham.
Author and publisher Mark Twain gave Grant a $25,000 advance to write his memoirs; Grant completed the manuscript just three days before he died.
The buildings represent a period of cohesive development of the area in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, shortly after the normal school was established.
It also includes the Mowers' Block, listed on the National Register in 1982.
Truman's Place was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
The district abuts the Stimson Avenue Historic District, which lies immediately to its west.
It is an approximately 6,066-acre rural agricultural area to the northeast of the city of Baltimore.
It is contained in the 21217 ZIP code.
The second wing, designed by Beuttler and Arnold of Sioux City, Iowa, was designed to match, in 1924.
Its remains are now part of the Cape Lookout National Seashore.
Most of the houses are 1-1/2 story wood frame structures, with many of the larger ones showing signs of having once been of a similar size.
Green Consolidated School near Valley City, North Dakota, United States, "is the best preserved open country consolidated school in North Dakota."
The district was part of a planned community initiated by Hampton University under New Deal legislation.
The Palais Leuchtenberg, built in the early 19th century for Eugène de Beauharnais, first Duke of Leuchtenberg, is the largest palace in Munich.
The earlier phase of occupation dates to the late first millennium AD.
These people created their own community in this area.
The Rockrimmon Rockshelter is an archeological site in Stamford, Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
Shiloh House in Benton Harbor, Michigan was built in Queen Anne style by the House of David Colony.
It covers 0.03 square miles of land area.
The South Lincoln Avenue Historic District lies between Pershing and Summit Streets in Salem, Ohio.
It is "the largest and deepest stratified multi-component prehistoric occupation site discovered to date in Puerto Rico, and possibly all Caribbean islands."
The house has a U-shaped design with a central courtyard, a layout which had been previously used by Green.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
It lies seven miles north of Abergavenny on an old road to Hay-on-Wye at Llanthony.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
The wealth of architectural detail and sculpture has required specific approaches to the methodology of repair and protection using lime-based materials.
The Eglin Field Historic District is a U.S. historic district located near Fort Walton Beach, Florida.
The Tanager Expedition surveyed the island in 1923, taking a comprehensive biological inventory of its many species.
Construction of the bridge was controversial; it is named for Montana state senator Fred Robinson, "one of the bridge’s most aggressive and active proponents".
The Kewpee Restaurant in Lima, Ohio is considered a historic site.
It is used for excursion trips and, since 1956, as the ferry terminal to Governors Island.
The Obelisco de Buenos Aires is a national historic monument and icon of Buenos Aires.
The Laboratory is led by Bruce Stillman, a biochemist and cancer researcher.
The Waddells Mill Pond Site is an archaeological site located seven miles northwest of Marianna, Florida.
All four are listed on the National Register of Historic Places, three of them individually, and one as part of the Old King's Highway Historic District.
The path first opened to the public in 1902, with visitors paying 6d to enjoy a ‘perfect marvel of engineering'.
Broad Street is significant to Richmond due to the many commercial establishments that have been built along it throughout Richmond's history.
It is landscaped in a manner similar to the Boston Public Garden, with specimen trees and an artificial pond with bridge.
Murphys Grammar School was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 8, 1973.
In 1978, during some restoration works, frescoes depicting the murder of Saint Thomas of Canterbury were discovered in one of the remaining walls of the church.
Broadfield House was chosen as the headquarters of the Crawley Development Corporation, and became the base where all the decisions that shaped Crawley's future were made.
They were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Settlement began after 1130 CE, and would see the larger buildings developed into multi-storied dwellings after 1350 CE.
It is located in sight of the short-lived Popham Colony and, like the colony, named for George Popham, the colony's leader.
It is located on the site of a former church from the times of Moorish occupation.
Main Street, north of these landmark structures, is lined with large houses and mansions built for the city's elite, some of them designed by Paul Bartholomew.
The House at 132 Baltic Circle is a historic home in the Davis Islands neighborhood of Tampa, Florida, United States.
The cross is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
The only non-residential structure is the 1893 brick Central Congregational Church at 296 Angell Street.
The petroglyph site was listed under the name Petroglyph Site in the National Register of Historic Places on July 7, 1982.
The Quincy Historic District is a U.S.
The Luther Valley congregation was founded in Rock Prairie during 1844, with Pastor Claus Lauritz Clausen as its pastor.
The house was added to the List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks in 1981.
Llety'r Dryw is a house in Abergele Road, Colwyn Bay, Conwy, Wales.
Eighth months after the last of these four buildings was added to the National Register, the district itself was accorded a similar distinction.
The façade is a simple rectangle, with narrow sides rising to gables and a wider five-bay façade.
Two and a half stories tall, the house combines generic Victorian styling with Queen Anne influences.
United Church of Christ of Highlandlake is a historic church in Mead, Colorado.
The village began as a dispersed rural agricultural community, but developed in the 19th century with the arrival of industry, primarily the manufacture of textiles.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
James B. Campbell platted the first East Side property in 1834 and named it Juliet after his daughter.
It is one of 15 historic covered bridges in Bedford County.
Several structures were constructed using local granite boulders and lumber, including a hotel, meeting house, and water storage tank.
The pilot is a navigational expert for the port of call.
In 1971, the courthouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The Wiley-Ringland House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
Third Ward Historic District is a national historic district located at Rochester in Monroe County, in the U.S. state of New York.
Facing onto Kings Square, the market is connected to the city's indoor pedway system.
It was added to the Register on January 4, 2010.
Also on the property is a large stone bank barn and springhouse.
Subsequent construction reflected the ebbs and flows of development in Forest Grove over time.
The house is now used by Prior Park College and the surrounding parkland owned by the National Trust.
It is located inland from the Intracoastal Waterway on A1A within the Canaveral National Seashore.
Located within the Ninigret National Wildlife Refuge, it is a Native American habitation site dating to the Woodland Period.
The John Roffler House is a house located in Camas, Washington listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
It was built in 1905, replacing a library based in the city's high school, and was one of 63 Carnegie libraries in Wisconsin.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
It is a two story frame house built during the second quarter of the 19th century in the Federal style.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 2, 1984.
The Collins Potato House is located near Laurel, Delaware, one of the last surviving examples of its building type.
Most of the houses were built between 1895 and 1915 and are in a variety of popular revival styles.
The southern section of the cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
The Historic District was conveyed to NASA on July 1, 1994 as part of a federal military base reduction and closure action.
It encompasses 226 contributing buildings, one contributing site, three contributing structures, and two contributing objects.
St. George Melkite Catholic Church is a Melkite Greek Catholic Church, located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
He served there for one year, signing the Declaration of Independence even though he did not take office until November 1776.
The structure was built in 1817, making it the 12th oldest surviving building in Toronto and the oldest remaining brick house.
Discriminated against for employment in the mills, Norwich’s Black residents worked on the docks, railroads, steamboats and in hotels.
The Magnolia Plantation was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
Mala Compra was formerly part of one of northeastern Florida's largest plantation systems.
The district is bounded by Baker and Wheeler Streets and the Seaboard Coast Line RR tracks.
Ginn's Furniture Store is a historic commercial building in downtown Milton, Kentucky, United States.
The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on June 24, 2010.
Petra is one of the New7Wonders of the World.
During this time, the area below the falls was made into a natural pool.
It is a Grade II listed building.
Woodsdale–Edgewood Neighborhood Historic District is a national historic district located at Wheeling, Ohio County, West Virginia.
The building was vacant at the time of its nomination to the National Register in 1992.
The Short Woods Park Mound is a Native American mound in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Ohio.
Liberty Island is a federally owned island in Upper New York Bay in the United States, best known as the location of the Statue of Liberty.
Hamburg Main Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Hamburg in Erie County, New York.
The Magothy Quartzite Quarry Archeological Site is an archaeological site near Pasadena in Anne Arundel County, Maryland.
Both the main block and core have gable roofs.
The building was built in 1909, just north of a depot of the Oregon Short Line Railroad.
It was later used as a smoke house.
The Greek Revival-style structure was completed circa 1845.
Rose Mound was a Native American mound in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Ohio.
It was built out of latarite blocks with high round holed walls and strong flanking basetions.
The State Theatre is a Moderne style cinema in Red Bluff, California, USA.
The home is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
It is on the western side of I-64.
Frontenac is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Florence Township, Goodhue County, Minnesota, United States, on the Mississippi River.
The site where the mission stood was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on June 26, 1972.
Initially built in a simpler style, the house was modified in succeeding decades into a picturesque combination of the Greek Revival and Gothic Revival styles.
The property is in the ownership of the National Trust.
As of the 2010 census, the population was 24,286, up from 19,279 at the 2000 census.
The site is currently part of the "RiverView Mounds Family Fun Farm" and is available for public viewing and tours.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
On the east, south and west gables are bronze sundials of 1897 carrying the inscriptions "We are a Shadow", "Save Time" and "Think of the Last".
The earliest extant stones date from 1812.
The congregation was organized in 1883 in the city's Swedish neighborhood and included about 50 people.
Local New Orleans author and historian Freddi Williams Evans was the main advocator for the name change.
German Village Historic District is a registered historic district in Hamilton, Ohio, listed in the National Register of Historic Places on 1991-02-07.
The address is 735 Columbia Road, in Edward Everett Square.
Other buildings in the district include an art museum, a masonic temple, and the Elgin Academy.
Old Sussex County Courthouse is a historic courthouse located at Georgetown, Sussex County, Delaware.
A variety of architectural styles are represented, but predominant among them are several Greek Revival buildings.
The original cemetery is called the “Hampton Section” and is located on Cemetery Road in Hampton, VA.
The church was built in Victorian Gothic style during 1903.
Today, a non-profit group maintains the house and gives tours during the summer months.
Designed in 1901, it was unveiled on 16 May 1911, though it was not completed until 1924.
The front facade features a central, two-story, pedimented portico.
According to its NRHP nomination, the building "has long been a landmark building in eastern Montana.
Dr. Watkins's daughter, Eleanor Elizabeth, asked him to accompany her to a nearby Methodist camp meeting in August 1848.
The oldest dates from about 1850, the Burton Despard house.
It is currently the headquarters of Stripe and Whistle.
The sloping terrain of the park has a considerable occurrence of Goulding clay loam soils, particularly in the lower reaches.
The Madisonville Site is a prehistoric archaeological site near Mariemont, Ohio, United States.
There are two clusters of buildings near the racetrack.
It has a three-bay-wide, two-bay-deep, gable roofed main block with a broad wing extend to the rear, resulting in a T configuration.
The house has some Italianate details, including dentil molding in the cornice, but is predominantly Greek Revival in character.
Requarth Co. for the sum of $305,000 as the headquarters of the Church of the United Brethren in Christ Christian denomination.
Thurland Castle is a country house in Lancashire, England which has been converted into apartments.
It is located approximately one-half mile from his brother Jeramiah's house.
The house is located at 800 East Lambright Street.
The site was explored in 1960 by Henry Wright, whose work revealed six cultural layers representing three phases of late prehistoric occupation, c. 1000-1500.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
The house has been continuously owned by members of the family from its construction c. 1750 until 1973.
The town is known locally as Aathichanallur, and has been the site of a number of very important archaeological finds.
Both Concord and Stillwater suffered division in 1828, as the Hicksite controversy saw the secession of individuals following Hicks' new teachings.
The C&D Canal is owned and operated by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Philadelphia District.
It has been designated a Grade I listed building and is now recorded in the National Heritage List for England, maintained by Historic England.
The Winchester Center Historic District encompasses the commercial and civic heart of Winchester, Massachusetts.
The buildings included in the district are:
A 17-foot high granite obelisk honoring Confederate General Jubal A.
The Woodward Homestead is a historic house at 17 Main Street in Wakefield, Massachusetts, USA.
Also on the property are the ruins of a brick dairy, the cement foundations of a silo, and the stone foundations of another outbuilding.
Numbers 7 to 12 include a central projection and pediments over the doors.
5 train at all times except late nights on weekdays
The district contains Greek Revival and Federal style architecture.
That cemetery lies to the west of Calef Road and to the east of the Merrimack River.
A bay window dominates the main facade; nearly all of the other windows are wooden, double hung, 6/6 sash.
The Nanzatico community was a group of Native Americans that included remnants of earlier tribes displaced by English settlers in and around King George County, Virginia.
It is an example of Queen Anne Style brick architecture in the Salt River Valley.
About the same time the town of Ramapo purchased the house for $1.3 million with help of a $496,000 grant from the New York State.
It was built in 1906 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
The construction of the Tower of Portu began in around 1551.
Five churches are included in the district; these include Gothic Revival and Mission Revival designs.
Funds raised by this scheme were designated for the theater's staff salaries, insurance and utilities throughout the year.
The Robert William Andrew Feller Farmstead is a federally designated historic site a couple miles northeast of Van Meter in Dallas County, Iowa, United States.
St. Anne's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at 507 S. Main St. in Anna, Illinois.
Church Hill, also known as the St. John's Church Historic District, is an Old and Historic District in Richmond, Virginia.
Story Neighborhood Historic District is located in central Phoenix, Arizona, USA.
There are also several historical information plaques installed along the main street.
Dr. Miyazaki bought the house legally from Artie's son, Harold Phair, in 1947, when the ban on Japanese Canadians buying and owning property was lifted.
It is bounded roughly by Melrose Avenue on the north, Bellona Avenue on the east, Homeland Avenue on the south, and Charles Street on the west.
To reach Catherineberg, turn north on John Head Road from Centerline Road.
The stream flow is much lower than expected for its watershed of more than 1200 acres north of the Doub Farm.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
The most interesting structure is a post American Civil War hotel.
English Heritage has listed it at Grade II* for its architectural and historical importance.
The main block has a stepped brick cornice and two gable, end chimneys.
The Self Creek Bridge is a historic bridge near Daisy, Arkansas.
Somers Historic District is a 100-acre historic district in Somers, Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
At the ground floor is a commercial storefront.
Old Craig House dates from the 16th century, and succeeded an earlier building.
The Carlowville Historic District is a historic district in the community of Carlowville, Alabama.
The Kate Chopin House, also known as the Bayou Folk Museum or Alexic Cloutier House, was a house in Cloutierville, Louisiana.
It is one of a rare surviving group of speculative multi-unit frame residences designed to resemble rowhouses in the city of Buffalo.
After the club disbanded, the building was converted to a private home.
The Rabbit Hill Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Highland, Main, Franklin, and Milford Streets in Medway, Massachusetts.
During the 19th century, the bluff functioned as a visual reference for explorers and travelers.
He was killed at the Battle of Shiloh.
The house contains eight fireplaces and a main staircase featuring hand-carved griffins.
He was the son of Dr. Archibald and Martha Young, who lived in the home adjacent to the north.
It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 2001.
It was added to the Register on December 8, 1997.
The name Mill Hill was applied to the area at least as early as 1821.
The Village Haven Restaurant and local VFW chapter are also located in the village.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
It is also known as Anzac Memorial Park.
Ash Hollow State Historical Park is located near Lewellen, Nebraska in Garden County.
A number of the farm buildings are in poor condition, and have been added to the Heritage at Risk register.
Extensive grounds between Beckford's house in Lansdown Crescent were landscaped and planted to create Beckford's Ride.
The Sonoma Developmental Center is a large, state-run facility in California, United States, serving the needs of people with developmental disabilities.
It was occupied during the Middle Woodland Period, which includes ceramics of early Weeden Island and Swift Creek types.
Occupation of these sites is believed to date from the Middle Fort Ancient period of the thirteenth century AD.
The neon-illuminated marquee and bulls-eye wall sconces in the interior are other characteristic elements of these styles.
It was built in 1879 and was added to the National Register in 1984.
The settlement was established by in-laws Sherman Hensley and Willy Gibbons, and most inhabitants belonged to either the Hensley or Gibbons family.
The Llambias House is a historic house located at 31 Saint Francis Street in St. Augustine, Florida.
The construction history of the house has not been researched in detail.
As of 2011 the estate is under ownership of The Nature Conservancy and serves as headquarters for the Eastern Caribbean/Virgin Islands programs.
The house is further distinctive because it has a surviving period barn/carriage house.
Both buildings have been named historic sites.
His Ah Louis Store building is on the National Register of Historic Places.
Sacred Heart Church is a historic church at 516 Safford Street in Tombstone, Arizona, United States.
On August 7, 1989, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The district consists of twenty-six blocks with a total of 279 properties.
The former tobacco farm produced corn, oats, hay, and pork.
The barn is a stone a frame structure of the "Sweitzer" kind, with stone ends.
More than one quarter of Kahoʻolawe has been eroded down to saprolitic hardpan soil.
Rich Mountain is a historic home and farm complex located at Frederick, Frederick County, Maryland, United States.
It was a  2 1⁄2-story wood-frame building in the Queen Anne style.
The Verdoy Schoolhouse was moved to the grounds in 1996.
It is probable that both houses were built by Joseph Gould, who occupied the eastern of the two houses, between 1765 and 1795.
It is located on Long Pine Key Road in the Everglades National Park.
It has also been known as the Uncompahgre Valley Water Users Association Office.
The McKenzie Well site is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and the Colorado State Register of Historic Properties.
The movement split several times due to factional disagreements.
Founded in 1132, the abbey operated for 407 years, until 1539, when Henry VIII ordered the Dissolution of the Monasteries.
Notable non-residential buildings include the Llyswen Methodist Episcopal Church, Ward Avenue United Presbyterian Church, Baker Elementary School and Llyswen Station.
The Princess Place Preserve is a historic site in Palm Coast, Florida.
The Drumright-Cushing field would go on to produce 310,000 barrels of oil a day at its peak in May 1917.
St. Mary's – St. Alphonsus Regional Catholic School is not only for Catholics.
It was built in 1876, and is a 2 1/2-story, cruciform plan, High Victorian Gothic church.
The James M. Lloyd House is a historic home located at the corner of Old Bardstown Road and Dooley Drive in Mount Washington, Kentucky.
The house stands to the north of the A559 road.
The listing was for an area of less than one acre with just the one contributing building.
The current US border station was constructed in the mid 1930s.
"With its classical, temple-like mass, White Hall epitomizes the neo-classical spirit which pervades early American decorative art," the nomination adds.
Isaac Kulp Farm is a historic home and farm located in Upper Gwynedd Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.
Ker Place, also known as Kerr Place, is a historic home located at Onancock, Accomack County, Virginia.
The buildings include The Temple, one of the only octagonal church buildings in the state.
The grant was approved by the city, and the site on the banks of the city Reservoir was chosen on July 17, 1914.
The Empire Manufacturing Company Building facing Glen Iris Dr. was built in the 1939.
The house was designed by the architect William Buckland in 1773–74 for wealthy farmer Matthias Hammond of Anne Arundel County, Maryland.
It became a Cultural Monument of Albania in 1963.
Interior embellishments, leading one to think McIntire, include triple-carved balusters, and an elliptical archway supported by fluted pilasters and topped with an “S” scroll keystone.
It was the home of Governor Benjamin T. Biggs, who served as U.S. Representative and 46th Governor of Delaware.
Currently, there is no public access to Painted Rock Dam or the Lake Unit.
Blackfoot Crossing Historical Park is a complex of historic sites on the Siksika 146 Indian reserve in Alberta, Canada.
Paramount Theatre - The Anderson Paramount Theatre is a historic theatre located at Anderson, Madison County, Indiana.
The building is undergoing further renovation today for continued use by the CIC@CET.
The West Granville Historic District is a historic district encompassing the center of West Granville, Massachusetts.
Phillips Mill Historic District is a national historic district located in Solebury Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.
It is the largest American embassy in Western Europe, and is the focal point for events relating to the United States held in the United Kingdom.
Belt, was a well known and substantial entrepreneur in Montgomery County in the late 19th and early 20th century.
Chester College Chapel is on the corner of Cheyney Road and Parkgate Road in Chester, Cheshire, England.
Fat Oxen was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
The two oldest houses in the district are Greek Revival John Knapp House from 1837 and the John Kirk House from 1838.
Today the Ward Melville Heritage Organization owns and operates the mill as a working mill museum.
Over the next decades the building was home to several local notables including Mrs Charles A.E.
The National Park Service manages both the National Historic Site and a Regional Visitor Center in downtown Salem.
Its church was declared Bien de Interés Cultural on December 29, 1978.
Old Post Office Building, 325 Oakland Ave.
The main entry portico is closed in, and it and the porch feature decorative brackets.
Currently the Mossey Building, welcome center and offices for Ashland Theological Seminary
New York Central Railroad Adirondack Division Historic District is a national historic district located in Essex, Franklin, Hamilton, Herkimer, Oneida, and St. Lawrence County, New York.
Not to be confused with Camp Merrie Woode In Plainwell, MI
Underground apartments are also located inside the complex.
Under Kneip's ownership, the house was enlarged around 1910 to its current two-story configuration.
On January 8, 1990, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The cabin, which has been expanded several times, was owned by distillers and their families into the 20th century, inspiring its modern name, Whiskey Hill.
It is located at 1215 Roberts Avenue.
The house and its associated agricultural outbuildings are reflective of 18th century building techniques.
"In the late 1600’s and 1700’s, Norwich was an important colonial seaport trading with the West Indies.
The library was built in 1913 through a $10,000 grant from the Carnegie Foundation.
The Carroll Building is a historic building in Apopka, Florida.
The shrine dates from the early 2nd century and is carved into the face of a sandstone quarry.
Warsaw Downtown Historic District is a national historic district located at Warsaw in Wyoming County, New York.
Easton Neston is a large grade I listed country house in the parish of Easton Neston near Towcester in Northamptonshire, England.
A 21-acre area of the farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
The 19th-century house is occupied by Scottish Natural Heritage, and is protected as a category B listed building.
The Middleburg United Methodist Church, formerly known as the Methodist Episcopal Church at Black Creek, is an historic church in Middleburg, Florida.
It was built in the early 19th century and is a red brick dwelling with a 2-story main block and  1 1⁄2-story kitchen ell.
It is believed to be named after Cenwalh of Wessex.
It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1976.
Spring Banke is a historic home located near Clarksville, Sussex County, Delaware.
More than 100 people are buried there, including in unmarked graves.
It is one of at least eighteen shipwrecks in or near the Blackwater River.
South of the river includes a small portion of West Monroe and Toledo Streets.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
The farmhouse's mantel may have been salvaged from the Hiram Cool, an iron-hulled steamship that ran aground.
Its Victorian-era architectural styles include Second Empire, Queen Anne, and Italianate.
A small section of the cemetery is located in neighboring Dedham.
It includes three houses built before 1800, two of which are Capes and one of which is a Dutch Colonial.
The original layout, including roads, lot configurations, and sidewalks, remains unaltered.
2, also known as The Cemetery of the Union Benevolent Society No.
It operated as a first-run theater until the 1970s, but closed in 1978 when a new two-screen theater opened in Crossville.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
In 1834, Salvio Pacheco was awarded the Rancho Monte del Diablo Mexican land grant, including what is now known as Concord and parts of Pleasant Hill.
Due to their value as an archaeological site, the petroglyphs have been named a historic site.
The station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
The Scottsburg Courthouse Square Historic District is a national historic district located at Scottsburg, Scott County, Indiana.
It was built in 1913, and is a one-story, brick-veneered, Romanesque Revival building with a cross-gable facade.
102 Herrick Street, a Queen Anne/Stick style house built c. 1883 was home to a clergyman.
During the 1920s the Ku Klux Klan was a powerful political and social force in Indiana.
By the age of 43 he had been appointed as Royal auditor of the Exchequer to King James I.
Its western point is located near the village of Merrimac on State Highway 113.
West Union Residential Historic District is a national historic district located at West Union, Doddridge County, West Virginia.
Lyman Street was laid out in 1826 by Theodore Lyman, owner of The Vale, a country estate just to the north.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
Centered on Belchertown's 1,200-foot common, the district includes 55 contributing properties along South Main Street, Maple Street, and a few adjacent streets.
The over sized building served the community offering various retail services.
It is close to the Baldwin House, with the Middlesex Canal running between them.
Cannondale Historic District is a historic district in the Cannondale section in the north-central area of the town of Wilton, Connecticut.
The Church of St Martin in Elworthy, Somerset, England, is dedicated to St Martin of Tours.
The Midtown Historic District is a historic district in the city of Mobile, Alabama, United States.
Fortified Hill Works is a registered historic site near Hamilton, Ohio, listed in the National Register on July 12, 1974.
Berryman Wheeler Edwards, a graduate of Harvard Law School, Confederate veteran, and state senator.
It was "part-time" home of Louis McLane.
From 1953 to 1971, it housed fraternities.
The Church of San Pedro el Real, also known as San Pedro el Viejo is a small medieval church in central Madrid, Spain.
Although Pawtucket Avenue once had a significant number of such houses lining it, most have been demolished or significantly altered.
It was designed and built by Charles A. Johnson.
These rooms were damaged during a fire in the early 1950s.
The downtown skyline is relatively low and is dominated by the 10-story Tiger Hotel, and the 15-story Paquin Tower.
The St. Joseph Catholic Mission Church is a historic site in Port St. Joe, Florida, located at 216 8th Street.
It is a two-story brick structure over a stone foundation, with a small interior end chimney at each gable end.
Concannon was founded in 1883 by James Concannon of Inishmore, County Galway.
The Eagle Point Historic District is a U.S. historic district located in Venice, Florida.
All were determined by the National Park Service to be historically or architecturally significant.
The earliest site dates to the Archaic period and shows evidence of copper tool manufacture.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
Episcopal Church of Our Savior is a historic church at 113 4th Street NE in Little Falls, Minnesota, United States.
The Modoc Rock Shelter is a rock cliff at the edge of the Mississippi River Valley that was undercut by Ice Age floods.
Finds of flints indicate a prehistoric Mesolithic occupation.
It is a frame  1 1⁄2-story house with a gambrel roof, likely built in 1788 with an addition in 1811.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
It has a two-story central block with gable ends.
Nehemiah Parker operated a grist mill at the location after acquiring it in 1750.
Black professionals began to build homes in the area known as the Third Ward, which included the 500 block of South Wilmington Street.
Built in 1893, it is an unusual example of a rambing and asymmetrical Colonial Revival house.
The major occupation of the people living at this place is agriculture.
The store served a small mining community of Carswell, West Virginia, first for the Houston Coal Company and later for the Koppers Coal Company.
The Franklin and Armfield Office, now known as the Freedom House Museum, is a historic commercial building at 1315 Duke Street in Alexandria, Virginia.
Bellona–Gittings Historic District is a national historic district located at Baltimore, Maryland.
It is a two-and-a-half-story brick house built on a sandstone foundation.
Sittanavasal Cave is a 2nd-century Jain complex of caves in Sittanavasal village in Pudukottai district of Tamil Nadu, India.
Also on the property are a contributing one-story frame office, kitchen and laundry building, smokehouse, log shed, and family cemetery.
The building is four stories, made of buff-colored brick in the Classical Revival style.
Notable features include exposed rafters under the eaves, and stone "buttressing" extending from the sides and corners of the building.
The city hall and various churches and businesses are adjacent to the square.
Built of weatherboarded walls set on a stone foundation, the Ausenbaugh–McElhenny House is covered with an asphalt roof and features smaller elements of stone and wood.
On March 2, 2006, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The site was excavated in 1931, 1971, and 1975 by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission.
It is located in the unincorporated community of Lancaster in Jefferson County.
The National Park Service registered the Robert Allerton Estate as a National Historic Place on July 18, 2007.
This place has a good collection of roses of various varieties set by the sides of water fountains.
Telemarken Church and Cemetery are situated northwest of Wallace in Clark County, South Dakota.
In the engagement, Soldiers and Indian Scouts attacked and destroyed an Arapaho village.
The new armament mounted on five batteries of two to four guns remained in place for decades, with modifications made from time to time.
The City Beautiful movement served as the inspiration for the effort.
As public property it dates back to the city charter in 1686, and has seen many uses including that of gunpowder storage, square/parade grounds, and cemetery.
The school was built in 1911 and was the first school for black children in the area.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
The district includes 63 contributing buildings, 4 contributing sites, and 5 contributing structures in the borough of Rice's Landing.
The Jensens moved to Wyoming in 1900 and eventually had nine more children.
The Old Chiswell Place, also known as Blue Plains, is a historic home and property located at Poolesville, Montgomery County, Maryland.
The historic district is made up of several frame buildings typical of the Late Victorian style.
The house was built about 1720, and expanded in about 1880, 1930, and 2002–2003.
It was previously administered by the Franciscan Fathers and the Redemptorist Fathers.
The western terminus in Williamstown provides access to Mount Greylock, U.S. Route 7, and New York State Route 2.
The William Fulton house at 134 W. Franklin is a cream brick 2-story house built in 1874.
Cloud serves as the intake facility for men committed to prison in Minnesota.
A brick wall is placed in front of the house, which features a wrap-around porch with a small pediment.
The elevation of Santeetlah Reservoir is 1,940.9 feet according to the USGS.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
It is the second of two church buildings to exist on the site; the current one replaced a wooden structure in 1910.
Plymouth Rock is the traditional site of disembarkation of William Bradford and the Mayflower Pilgrims who founded Plymouth Colony in 1620.
The fire company was established in the mid-19th century, from a predecessor company, the Howard Hose Co. No.
Building resumed following many Public Works Administration grants after World War II.
The Church of Nuestra Señora de la Peña de Faido is a church located in Peñacerrada, Spain.
Churchill Park Historic District is a national historic district located at Stamford in Delaware County, New York.
It also features a large rood cross made by students in the school's wood shop.
The nearest airport and large city is Cap-Haïtien.
It is composed of tan brick with Bedford stone trim.
It was designed by Ward Wellington Ward built in 1922-1923.
The remaining houses were built beterrn 1899 and 1913 and include notable examples of the Dutch Colonial Revival and Georgian Revival styles.
It was located at corner of plaza Bibrambla with calle Salamanca.
The building was completed in 1905 and was designed by architects J.
The Charles Connell House is the present name of the residence of the Hon.
It was also the site of Ipswich's earliest school buildings, which even predated the establishment of the green as a common area.
The NRHP calls it the Thomas Jordan Polygonal Barn, but then attributes it to Thomas Johnson.
It was listed in 1978 on the National Register of Historic Places.
Pleasant Prospect is a historic home located at Mitchellville, Prince George's County, Maryland.
The Cushing Land Agency Building is located in St. Croix Falls, Wisconsin.
The Chesterville Methodist Church is a United Methodist congregation in the village of Chesterville, Ohio, United States.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
On February 24, 1995, the complex was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
It contains 26 historic buildings and 2 structures.
The William H. Cook Water Tank House is a water tank house located southeast of Jerome, Idaho, United States.
The following buildings were added to the National Register of Historic Places as part of the Orange Park, Florida Multiple Property Submission.
The building faced north until W. A. Orgain, a local merchant, purchased the property in 1903 and moved the building to the rear and facing west.
The town of Lisbon was located along important land and water transportation routes from the east into newly settled territories in the west.
From 1923 to 1941 the Carroll Baldwin Memorial Community Hall served as a movie theatre.
The industrial history of the area began with a nail factory founded in 1813, and a paper mill established in 1818.
The Palacio Valdés Theatre is located in Avilés, Principality of Asturias in Northern Spain.
The hunters of this culture found the site continuously useful; the known artifacts are believed to be the results of three different hunts.
Located in the Sayler Park neighborhood of the city of Cincinnati, it is believed to have been built by people of the Adena culture.
The Polson Feed Mill is a site on the National Register of Historic Places located in Polson, Montana.
The village got its name from the Chester Glass Factory, which operated in the area through the War of 1812.
The district covers 170 acres, which includes lands currently and formerly in agricultural use.
It has a cross-gable roof with a distinctive cornice and a wraparound porch.
The district encompasses the commercial business district of Willimantic and is roughly linear along Main Street and Riverside Drive between Church Street and Bridge Street.
The estate house is a large 18th-century house with alterations completed in 1924.
It was built in 1914-1915, and is an eight-story, "L"-shaped, reinforced concrete building clad in brick with terra cotta details.
In 1987, the wife of former County Executive Cochran listed Burleigh Manor and 15 surrounding acres for sale for $750,000.
The LaSalle Street Auto Row Historic District is a set of fifteen buildings in Aurora, Illinois.
The old road was retained as the eastbound carriageway and the westbound carriageway was added to the south of the tower.
On August 7, 1980, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
It is currently established as Muri-Gries in South Tyrol and was formerly a part of the Austrian-Hungarian Empire.
St. Joseph's Catholic Mission Church is a site on the National Register of Historic Places located in Townsend, Montana.
Many of the houses were homes of prominent businessmen and financiers.
The two-story building is faced with pressed and molded buff brick outside of its basement, which was built in gray sandstone.
It consists of an embankment with a ditch on the east side.
The William Gorton Farm, also known as the Bond Farm, is a historic farm complex at 14 West Lane in East Lyme, Connecticut.
The authors of the Buildings of England series comment that it is "one of the most notable Victorian essays in half-timbered design anywhere in the country".
In 2006, it became part of the Papahānaumokuākea Marine National Monument.
Because of its significance, the mound was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1964.
The bridge was relocated to its present location in 1987.
It has a slate covered gable roof.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
Ranging in age from thirty-three to fifty-five, the veterans were hailed as "a remarkable group of men, skilled in almost every imaginable trade."
Pastor F.J. Mack, who served from 1924 through 1945, began offering services in English and stopped offering services in German.
The district includes 19 contributing buildings; 10 principal buildings and nine outbuildings.
Another visitor was William Pitt the Younger who was at Shockerwick when he heard about Napoleon's victory at the Battle of Austerlitz.
Abraham Van Gelder House is located in Mahwah, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.
The 2014 City of Fort Worth bond vote approved $1.5 million for repairs.
It was the home of ragtime musician John William 'Blind' Boone.
The club hosted both meetings and local events such as school dances and political debates.
It is a Queen Anne-style structure erected in 1902.
The four-stage tower is dated to 1485–95.
The Church of San Martín is a church located in Madrid, Spain.
Wildlife watching, fishing, and boating on the nearby Schuylkill River also are popular.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
The Phillip Schoppert House is a historic house in Eutaw, Alabama.
The designation included two small structures, the house's privy and woodshed, as well as the main house.
The district consists of 22 large, originally single-family homes on spacious lots, with associated structures.
The Division Street Historic District is a historic residential district in Platteville, Wisconsin, United States.
From Cambridge, New York, they moved to Vermont and then Northampton, Massachusetts, where the brothers learned the trades of the textile mills.
It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1997.
West Third Street Historic District is located on the west side of downtown Davenport, Iowa, United States.
An arched main entrance is the only opening in the gable-front facade, while four rectangular windows are placed in the single-story side.
The Hippodrome Cinema in Bo'ness near Falkirk is an early example of a purpose-built cinema and thought to be the oldest such building surviving in Scotland.
It includes works by noted architect Grosvenor Atterbury.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
The property is a half-timbered yeoman farmer's house dating from the 15th century, together with a small garden, orchard and meadows.
The house retains much of its original woodwork.
Stone delivered over 5,000 babies while working at the hospital, and expanded the building room-by-room, floor-by-floor in his spare time.
The building was substantially altered in the early 18th century and remodelled after 1869.
It was built in 1930 and named after President Hamilton Hatter, and is a brick, 2 1/2-story, Colonial Revival-style dwelling.
In the 1940s it became known as the Hotel Philadelphia.
The Joseph Jeffrey House is an historic house on Old Mill Road in Charlestown, Rhode Island.
It is located at 910 Sixth Street West.
The Stateburg Historic District is a historic district in Stateburg, in the High Hills of Santee area near Sumter, South Carolina in the United States.
Nowadays much of this area comprises the Savannah suburbs of Garden City and Pooler.
The district includes work by Clarence Colley, a prominent Nashville architect active in the early decades of the 20th century.
It is managed by the East Bay Regional Park District.
The Friend–Hack House, also known as the Hack House, was built as a private house, located at 775 County Street in Milan, Michigan.
The party reached the Salmon River valley on May 27 and selected a permanent site for its mission on June 15, 1855.
It is a Georgian style,  2 1⁄2-story brick house, measuring approximately 45 feet long by  18 1⁄2 feet deep, built about 1796.
It is located at 150 Hunting Lodge.
Patrick Rodgers died in 1891 leaving the ranch to his heirs.
Despite subsequent alterations, the Georgian/Federal styling of the building remains apparent.
The Fred and Lucia Farnham House is a historic house in Columbus, Wisconsin.
The Greeley Masonic Temple is a Colonial Revival style historic building in Greeley, Colorado.
The building measures 100 feet by 200 feet and features a projecting roof cornice, flat roof, and large window areas.
The main house is a two-story, brick, stone, and half-timber Tudor Revival style mansion topped by a prominent slate roof.
The church is designed in a picturesque Gothic style with 90-foot high steeple, asymmetrical massing, and rough-cut walls of glacial boulder with granite trim.
Cornell's Castle, a Queen Anne style mansion
The sanctuary is 32 feet wide by 48 feet long, with a front-facing gable roof and a box cornice with returns.
The Oklahoma City Discovery Well was the first successful oil well to be drilled in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
It is protected by a heritage listing, having been declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1995.
The Rohwer War Relocation Center Cemetery is located here, and was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1992.
The district was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 13, 1984.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
It contains offices and, on its ground floor, a public house.
The vicarage was built in 1739 by Sir John Chesshyre for the incumbent of St Mary's Church.
Several of the houses have been designated as Grade I listed buildings.
The Davenport Hotel  is a hotel located in Spokane, Washington.
It is located at 1600 Miccosukee Road.
Those stables became the royal stables of Henri III and housed his stallions.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
Wake Island is administered by the United States Air Force, under an agreement with the U. S. Department of the Interior.
The Liverpool Medical Institution is a historic medical organisation based in Liverpool, United Kingdom.
They were located at 1819-1825 Biscayne Boulevard.
The old school is now a health care center.
The extant parapet wall on the roof terrace is embellished with Merlon designs in brick red color evident from the traces.
The Chippewa community had about 70 confirmed members at the 1881 dedication of the church.
The district was established and named a National Historic Landmark on May 5, 1994.
It was built in 1916 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
It is bound by Crescent Street, Union Avenue, Pleasant Street, and Lafayette Avenue.
The fort was occupied by numerous members of the British royal family and associated personages from 1750 to 1976.
It contains 29 historic buildings, including the PICO Building at 209 North Oak.
Washington Heights School is a registered historic building in Indian Hill, Ohio, listed in the National Register on July 30, 1975.
The John Ashton House, consists of a brick, early-18th century two-story, three-bay, hall-and-parlor-plan house with a frame wing.
The CCT said it feared the panels could be sold abroad.
Those peoples who visited the site were likely nomadic groups who were in transit to nearby floodplains.
Temporary exhibits can also be found at the museum.
The southern part of Delaware saw a sweet potato boom from 1900 until blight struck in the 1940s.
Much of the enduring success of this industrial enterprise can be attributed to the entrepreneurial vision of industrialist William P. Greene.
Mannheim is a historic home and former grist mill located at San Mar, Washington County, Maryland, United States.
The almshouses were rebuilt again in 1857.
The mound center has two identified mounds.
It was built in 1894 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1931.
Although the family still live in part of the house, it is now largely used for wedding receptions and similar events.
The house was built by Captain Alan MacAskill, who bought the land in 1817 and completed the house by 1823.
The ruin is considered to be well preserved with the gables surviving to almost full height and open to the public, free of charge.
The district is predominantly residential with only about 15 percent of the structures having commercial or mixed commercial / residential use.
Hughson Mansion was a historic home located at Loudonville in Albany County, New York.
They are now protected as a category A listed building.
It encompasses 39 acres and as of the end of 2006, it had 4,527 interments.
Most development took place in the neighborhood between the 1840s and early 1900s.
It has a castle-like appearance, with a slate-covered steeply pitched gable roof and five-story tower, and is in the Gothic Revival style.
Academic Hall, the first building on MU's campus, was built in the middle of the present day quad.
It was designated a U.S. National Historic Landmark in 1962 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1966.
It is located in the High and Locust Streets Historic District.
The district is along US 90 at the Blackwater River, bounded by Berryhill, Willing, Hill, Canal, Margaret, & Susan Streets.
Morrow Hall is a historic building in Batesville, Arkansas at Seventh and College Streets.
The John W. Boone House, also known as the Stuart P. Parker Funeral Home, is a historic home located at Columbia, Missouri.
The Ralston Freeman Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge in Paris, Pennsylvania.
He died at his home-studio while finishing a Dickens portfolio in 1888.
It was built in 1808 and is a one story, rectangular structure built of uncoursed stone rubble.
It is constructed in brown brick with some timber framing and a grey slate roof.
The listing on the National Register in 2011 included several contributing and non-contributing buildings.
The Booth Theater is a historic movie theater located at 119 W. Myrtle St. in Independence, Kansas.
It is located in the Big Cypress National Preserve.
It abuts the residential Pleasant-High Historic District, which lies to its east.
It encompasses 26 contributing buildings, 22 of which are single family fully attached rowhouse dwellings.
The George M. Miles House is a site on the National Register of Historic Places located in Miles City, Montana, United States.
It has three one-story wings; one original brick wing, a wing added about 1910, and a concrete block wing added about 1960.
It sits on a brick foundation and has a low-pitched gable roof.
The building originally had a 1.5 story ell on the back, which was expanded to a full 2.5 stories sometime between 1830 and 1850.
The cruciform church was started in the 12th century and revised in the 13th and 16th centuries, and underwent a major restoration in 1831.
kilometre village in Tirukkoyilur taluk in Villuppuram district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Of the 108 buildings within this district, those that are contributing properties date from between the late 18th century to the late 19th century.
The area's colonial history begins with settlement in the 17th century by Thomas Hammond and others.
However, Chittenden went on to describe a "tar spring" on the Stinkingwater as well under the same name.
Saint John's Episcopal Church is a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument located in the Wilmington section of Los Angeles, California, near the Port of Los Angeles.
It is one of sixteen Hamilton locations on the Register, and one of more than eighty countywide.
Its growth also relied heavily on the Lake Shore and Michigan Southern Railway line running through the area.
It was moved to its present site in 1989.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
Child lived in Helena and used the home only for meetings and parties.
It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1973.
The Berry Brothers Bolt Works is a former factory in Columbus, Ohio, United States.
The house was built in 1853, and is a three-story, three-bay, brick Greek Revival style dwelling.
The Trinity Churchyard has the oldest marked graves west of the Atlantic Seaboard, of both Native American leaders, French, English, and American colonists.
1 is a historic hospital in Miami, Florida.
It is in the style of Mughal tombs at Delhi.
Durango Rock Shelters Archeology Site is also known as the Fall Creek Rock Shelters Site.
On April 6, 2004, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The house is named for longtime occupants the Robinson family, who bought the house in 1908 and remained there until shortly before 1992.
The Carnegie Library of Washington D.C., also known as Central Public Library, is situated in Mount Vernon Square, Washington, D.C..
The greatest growth occurred in the 1880s after the Western Maryland Railway built its shops here.
The Walls of Vejer de la Frontera refers to the town walls of Vejer de la Frontera, Spain.
Pioneer Church is a historic church on Alley Street in Cathlamet, Washington.
While many Italianate Beaux-Arts post offices were built in the early 20th century, the Willows post office was one of the few built in California.
It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
The station served up to twenty-six trains each day at its peak, providing a means for Racine County's citizens to travel to and from other cities.
He later left journalism for finance, and after earning a seat on the New York Stock Exchange commissioned the house.
The compound was one of the early Spanish missions in Texas, built for the education of area American Indians after their conversion to Christianity.
In April 2016, the asking price was lowered to £900,000, and a sale was completed in September 2016.
Built in 1902, it served as a school for 18 years.
The house is constructed of cypress and is in a vernacular Greek Revival style.
The YMCA facilities included a gymnasium, showers, an office, a reading room, and a parlor.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
Its design imitates a castle, with corner towers flanking two-story curtain walls with irregular window placement.
The Veneman's Bungalow Court Historic District, also known as Droukas Court, is located in Des Moines, Iowa, United States.
At that time the Fugitive Slave Act prohibited speaking against slavery or helping slaves escape.
Among the many American "firsts" that occurred at Berkeley Plantation are:
Also on the property are a contributing frame barn and shed.
The museum includes several other buildings that have been moved to the site.
It is centered on Water Avenue in downtown.
Whitcombe Church in Whitcombe, Dorset, England was built in the 12th century.
The Academia de Bellas Artes or Academy of Fine Arts of Seville was an institution for the instruction of students into the diverse arts.
It consists of a three-story main block with two-story flanking wings.
It is located at 18 Broad Street, Salem, Massachusetts and is open to the public under the auspices of the nonprofit Pickering Foundation.
In 2000, an archeological dig was performed at the Mott Willis General Store site.
It has been named a historic site.
The structure, built in the 2nd century and renovated in 1791, is the oldest Roman lighthouse in use today.
The cabin was reconstructed in 1995, and destroyed in a forest fire in 2000.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
The Church of San Martín is a church located in Entrena, Spain.
A temporary community center was built on the location in 1919 by Rev.
It is located at 1001 East Ponce de Leon Boulevard.
Regarding its social history, its NRHP nomination describes:
The House at 100 West Davis Boulevard is a historic home in Tampa, Florida.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
Henry Anthony Minton designed the building in the Classical Revival style.
Lowry Pueblo was excavated during summer field seasons from 1930 to 1936 by Paul Sidney Martin of the Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago.
The Downtown Oakland Historic District, in the Downtown Oakland area of Oakland, California, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
In 1969, it was purchased as a parsonage by the Forrest Burdette United Methodist Church.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
Boulevards in Omaha are part of a park and boulevard system originally designed in 1889 by Horace Cleveland.
A number of the houses are the work of architect C. Herbert McClare, who also lived in the area, and was one of the development's proponents.
In 2016, it is also known as Fairview Museum School.
The hospital is affiliated with the Warren Alpert Medical School of Brown University, and is the flagship for Brown University's renowned department of psychiatry.
The Dayton Community Hall is a community building located at 410 Bridge St. in Dayton, Wyoming.
Mechanicsburg Commercial Historic District is a national historic district located at Mechanicsburg, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania.
The Holy Rosary Church underwent an extensive restoration and has been converted to low income housing.
It is now effectively a ghost town, although some of the buildings may be seasonally occupied by their owners.
He would join the Texas Rangers located near Seguin, who were commanded by Mathew Caldwell, Jack Coffee Hays and Benjamin McCulloch.
The castle frequently changed hands between the Muslims(Moors) and the Christians until it was finally taken by Alfonso VI in 1085.
One notable exception is the C. A. Holt House at 202 Shawsheen Road, which is a fine Queen Anne style Victorian.
West Michigan Street also runs through the district.
One of the oldest houses on Center Street, this house was built in 1859 by Jonas and Mary Freer.
Tater Point Lookout Tree, reference number 91001946, 36°32′22″N 112°6′5″W
Peers Memorial is in St Peter's Square, Ruthin, Denbighshire, Wales.
It features a Tudor-arched front porch and stone portal.
Because of this long period of Native occupation, the area is archaeologically important, containing both historic and prehistoric artifacts.
The architectural historian Nikolaus Pevsner declared it to be "the finest house of its date in south Lancashire".
It was the first contemporary building in Columbus and one of the first churches in the United States to be built in a contemporary architectural style.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
The Pleasant Street Historic District is a predominantly residential historic district at 187—235 Pleasant Street in Marlborough, Massachusetts.
It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
The church was built in 1857 for Gilroy's congregation of the Christian Church, also known as the Disciples of Christ.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
In the late 20th century, several contributing buildings to this historic district were converted from industrial space into luxury apartments and condominiums.
It originally had four common sails, but four more were added by the family.
Portland is a sternwheel steamboat built in 1947 for the Port of Portland, Oregon, in the United States.
It was built between about 1920 and 1949 by artist Henry Varnum Poor.
However, the building's design also incorporated "feminine" elements such as flower-patterned light fixtures and tile in the interior and southern exposure to sunlight in several rooms.
It contains 18th century chandeliers and original royal portraits.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in August 2012.
He was most well known for his order to "Damn the torpedoes, full speed ahead."
Items recovered from the site include 14 points, 24 body sherds, five rim sherds, and a grooved paddle.
The chapter house is open to the public on special occasions such as Heritage Open Days.
It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1856.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
It was built in 1898-1899 in the Romanesque Revival style.
Meerwald was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 7, 1995.
It is one of Milton’s most historically significant sites.
The 1925 excavation revealed coins from 1797, 1825, and 1840, a gold nugget, and assorted navigational pieces.
Originally an Anglican church, the building was home to a Baptist parish in the early-19th century and was finally converted back into an Episcopal church.
The William Culbertson House is a historic residence in the village of Mechanicsburg, Ohio, United States.
English Heritage has listed the building at Grade II* for its architectural and historical importance.
The palace interior has been decorated to appear lived in and reflects the traditional 16th-century Crimean Tatar style.
The main section of the house is five bays wide.
The Gerrit Staats house was built in 1758 and destroyed by fire in 1973.
Woodrow Wilson Junior High School, located in Eugene, Oregon, United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Hermitage of Santa Cristina is a hermitage located in Lena, Spain.
It was one of several bridges added to the NRHP for its historic role in Wyoming bridge construction.
The earliest structure in the community was constructed in 1887, and the district had substantially achieved its existing form and appearance by 1950.
The name derives from "Baron's Cleugh", a cleugh being a ravine.
It is a 62-foot-long King post bridge.
Under the terms of his will the house, contents and estate were offered to the National Trust who declined the offer.
After he died, the house was sold, upgraded and converted into three smaller units.
The church constructed a new Family Life Center which was completed in 2007.
Lloyd was an American pharmacist who was influential in the development of pharmacognosy, ethnobotany, economic botany, and herbalism.
It is regularly open for tours in the summer, and otherwise by appointment.
In 1907, the building was remodeled and a fourth floor added.
It has a two-story limestone main block, constructed between 1792 and 1804, with a two-story brick wing, added about 1834.
Originally there were ball finials on the bridge, but these are no longer present.
Barryscourt Castle is a castle located in eastern County Cork in southern Ireland, close to the town of Carrigtwohill.
During the final days of 2007, demolition of the interior and exterior of the building was completed.
Consecrated in 1848, the Palladian-style church was designed by Napoleon LeBrun.
Despite this, the house was demolished in 1976.
The Bell Hill School or District Number One School is an historic school in Otisfield, Maine.
It is located near the junction of SR 69 and 71.
The district is bounded by Main, Water, & Oak Streets, Cobb & Woodville Roads, Cemetery, Pooley, & School Streets.
The front features five irregularly spaced dormers.
It is part of the Clifton Avenue Historic District.
Located on the Vore family ranch, the site was to be crossed by the Interstate.
The third section is a two-story, random-coursed fieldstone structure, and the fourth section is a small, one-story frame vestibule.
Monterey County Fairgrounds is the site of the annual Monterey County Fair.
Businessman L. Honigsberger built the store in 1865, replacing the original store he built in 1861.
Mitchelstown Castle, the former home of the Irish Earls of Kingston, was located in the north County Cork town of Mitchelstown in Ireland.
It is one of Richardson's earliest works and the second of his churches.
It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural and a World Heritage Site by UNESCO within Aranjuez Cultural Landscape in 2003.
It was formerly the Federal Building and U.S.
The population was 939 at the 2010 census.
Sir Edward Phelips' descendants occupied the house until the early 20th century.
It is one of the oldest buildings in New Jersey.
Construction was modest in the center in the second half of the 19th century, with only two new houses built.
The building's footprint is in the shape of a cross with four wings.
Its plan is square and the house has three storeys over a basement, with a symmetrical three-bay front.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997, but was subsequently demolished.
Elliott-Bester House is a historic home located in Hagerstown, Washington County, Maryland, United States.
Much of Foggy Bottom is occupied by the main campus of the George Washington University.
After 1777, the house and the land passed through many hands.
The depot was built in 1908, and rail service to Harlowton began the same year.
The family members were prominent in local and state affairs.
During the three years of construction, school was held in a building on a nearby ranch.
There are five hundred and forty nest-holes.
Saint Boniface Church is the Catholic parish church for the city of New Vienna, Iowa and the surrounding area.
H. Knittel Store Annex-1-story frame building constructed in 1880
They are located in a part of the park called the Reef Bay Trail.
Many archeologists believe it to be part of the province of Casqui, documented as visited by Spanish explorer Hernando de Soto in 1542.
The nave, transepts and crossing are ruined but remain as architectural features including a double-chamfered pointed doorway.
Discovered in the middle of a gravel pit, the site is a leading example of the local manifestation of the Archaic period.
It has limestone detailing and features paired two-story bay windows on the upper floors.
Grape cuttings from this vineyard were introduced to Mexico between 1889 and 1904 for the improvement of its commercial viticulture.
Alfred Shaker Historic District is a historic district in Alfred, Maine, with properties on both sides of Shaker Hill Road.
Building, Hittle Building, Tivoli Theater, Romey's Building, George H. Knollenberg Building, Kresge Building, Dickinson Building, former U.S. Post Office, and YMCA.
The diner was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
First Presbyterian Church of Dallas is a historic congregation at 408 Park Avenue in the Farmers Market District of downtown Dallas, Texas.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
Although largely developing in Europe and North America through the beginning of the century, the next 50 years saw an embrace of non-Western theatrical forms.
The roughly 30-block district preserves approximately 250 homes and businesses of a prosperous riverside town of the 1880s.
Old West Baltimore Historic District is a national historic district in Baltimore, Maryland, United States.
It was the first school building the town built after incorporating, and was used as a schoolhouse until 1979.
Blackfriars Theatre and Arts Centre is a theatre and community centre situated in Spain Lane, Boston, Lincolnshire, England.
In 2017, the castle was purchased by Russian aristocrats, who are now the owners.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
Built in the 1830s, it features a distinctive combination of two different architectural styles, and it has been named a historic site.
It was built c.1881 upon arrival of the Texas and Pacific Railroad, which stopped at a depot across the street from the hotel.
The district is at the junction of River Road and Stiles Avenue.
St. Mary Parish has been staffed by the Spiritans or Holy Ghost Fathers since 1893.
Repair and restoration from damage began in April 2017 and is expected to take 9 months to complete.
The building served as a toll house on the Cumberland or National Road and was the first such structure to be erected.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 5, 1992.
It has been designated a Scheduled Ancient Monument.
The house was built around 1884 by William Henry Gleason and his wife Sarah Griffin Gleason.
A double oval ring of raised earthworks surrounds the remains of the village.
Marshall's Grove is a historic plantation house near Selma, Dallas County, Alabama.
The official website for O'Reilly house is http://fatheroreilly.house.
In 1983, the ranch property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the John Fenton Pratt Ranch.
The church's bell was originally used at the Midway, Georgia church and was given to this church shortly after it was completed.
The house was restored from a derelict state between 1996 and 2010.
The hotel and courthouse building are registered as California Historical Landmark #663, and located in present-day Calaveras County, California.
The Moolah Cinema and Lounge is a historic building located at 3821 Lindell, in St. Louis, Missouri.
The Walnut Street Historic District is a national historic district located at the northern end of Augusta, St. Charles County, Missouri.
The United States also maintains consulates general in Milan, Florence and Naples, and consular agencies in Genoa, Palermo, and Venice.
The nearest communities are Wykoff, to the northwest, and Preston, to the northeast.
The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
Wauregan is a village located in the northwestern corner of the town of Plainfield, Connecticut in the United States.
The contributing site is the cemetery adjacent to the Grove Methodist Church.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
It is in the Romanesque Revival style, measuring 115 feet long and 50 feet wide, with a bell tower measuring 3 1/2 stories.
The Hincheyville historic district is one of five National Register historic districts in the city of Franklin.
The controversy included other charges back and forth, and went on during 1909 and 1910.
The district is roughly bounded by Osgood, Pleasant, Stevens, Johnson, and Andover Streets and Wood Lane.
Washington Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church at 206 E. Robert Toombs Avenue in Washington, Georgia.
The house was designed by Edward Welby Pugin and stands in a 250-acre estate.
Henry Ford's brother-in-law Samuel W. Raymond, who owned Raymond Ford Garage at 215 North Main Street and lived at 449 State Street.
Nora Unitarian Universalist Church, originally called Nora Free Christian Church, is a historic church in Hanska, Minnesota, United States.
The first house in the district was built by Joel S. Fisk in 1862.
The majority of the buildings in the district date between 1780 and 1852.
The Benoni Rose House is an historic house at 97 Lafayette Road in North Kingstown, Rhode Island.
The Old Charleston Jail is a site in Charleston, South Carolina.
The Trapp Homestead is a historic home in the Coconut Grove section of the City of Miami, Florida, United States.
Above is the hay loft, with tall openings on the side filled with louvers for ventilation.
Pittsburgh settled on the current design after rejecting an alternative plan for a Point Park Civic Center designed by Frank Lloyd Wright.
Haynes was an inventor who is credited with being the first to produce cars commercially in 1894.
As Coalport and Coal Ridge declined in population, the surrounding rural population became the church's chief focus.
Most of the Muslim buildings of Faizabad are attributed to her.
The Pittsburgh Central Downtown Historic District is a historic district in the Central Business District of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.
Hume-Fogg Academic Magnet High School is a public magnet high school located in downtown Nashville, Tennessee, United States, teaching grades 9–12.
Access to the park's interior is via a narrow road 6 miles long that winds through the grounds, providing access to its major features.
The house is protected as a category B listed building, while the grounds are included in the Inventory of Gardens and Designed Landscapes in Scotland.
Another application of the term is to a sheltered portion of the forward deck on certain British fishing boats.
It is roughly bounded by Morgan, Adams, Third, and McCullum Streets and encompasses 536 contributing buildings.
The 1909 clubhouse was designed in Bungalow style by St. Louis architects Helfensteller, Hirsch & Watson as a "chapter house" for the American Woman's League.
In that house, the Carter family hid in the basement waiting for the second Battle of Franklin to end.
In place of the chapel, however, he built a cast stone Neoclassical mausoleum and moved the remains of his family inside.
It is an "L"-shaped, brick and frame dwelling built in three sections over a 100-year period.
The house is a two-story T-shaped stone building with a detached 1-1/2 story stone summer kitchen.
The 14-foot square shelter is saltbox-shaped with a wood floor and built-in bunk beds.
They surveyed and measured their prize, which they renamed Fort Holmes in honor of Major Andrew Holmes, a casualty in the 1814 Battle of Mackinac Island.
The mill structure itself dates back to at least circa 1751.
In 1973, the Clearwater County Historical Society placed a plaque on the building recognizing it as "the first church built in Clearwater County".
This is because an old park photograph showed there was a petroglyph unaccounted for.
Narragansett Park was situated in Pawtucket off Newport Ave, but had its barn area across the city line in the Rumford section.
Bone tools were also found, including plows made from bison shoulder blades.
It contains a strong, locally distinctive concentration of wood and brick residences built between the early 1870s and the late 1940s.
This house is believed to have been built by a member of the Stanton family, who also built the Sheffield House.
In 1987, the prospect of non-farm use of the land prompted the Town of Yarmouth to purchase the property.
The bridge is protected as a Category A listed building, and as a scheduled ancient monument.
The Carnegie Museum of the Keweenaw in Houghton, Michigan, is a non-collecting museum that houses changing exhibits about local cultural and natural history.
The association finished its work in 2003.
It was named after William F. Holcomb, who found gold there in 1860.
There are also various barns and stables, part of which is from 1765.
Note, unlike in some other NRHP-listed historic districts around ferry sites, the course of the ferry itself is not included in the district.
This aspect has been discerned from the fact that the cup-marked stones are fixed at specific locations denoting specific directions.
The active congregation moved to Caledonia in 1935, but the Eitzen building is used a few times a year.
Scott County Courthouse is a historic courthouse located at Benton, Scott County, Missouri.
The upper levels of the façade are constructed of glazed white blocks with gold decorative detailing, in a Palladian window shape, flanked by flat Ionic pilasters.
John Eliot Square District is a historic district located in the northern Roxbury neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.
Bramble's preliminary design was completed by the United States Lighthouse Service and the final design was produced by Marine Iron and Shipbuilding Corporation in Duluth.
Lane and two other investors began to buy up mining claims in Angels Camp, and their enterprise soon became profitable.
It has coped gables and [mullion]]ed windows.
The district has 145 properties covering 32 acres, and includes three houses listed on the National Register.
Veveří Castle is an originally ducal and royal castle some 12 kilometres northwest of Brno city centre, Moravia, Czech Republic, on the River Svratka.
The Zimmerman Kame is one of many archaeological sites in Hardin County.
The park is between Spring Valley and Preston, Minnesota.
The district consists of 102 contributing structures and two contributing sites.
Bathampton Down, is a flat limestone plateau in Bathampton overlooking Bath, in Somerset near the River Avon, England.
The Palladian nature of the architecture is emphasised by the 5 fluted Ionic pilasters on the 1st and 2nd floors.
Waldo Lake was created in the 1930s as part of the park's design.
Kewpee Hamburgers is the second known chain of hamburger fast-food restaurants, founded in 1923 in Flint, Michigan under the name "Kewpee Hotel Hamburgs".
Most of the commercial buildings are two-stories and constructed of brick.
Longworth Hall is a registered historic building in Cincinnati, Ohio, listed in the National Register on December 29, 1986.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
The foundation for the present church was laid in 1910 and the cornerstone is dated June 18, 1911.
El Retiro is a historic site in Lake Wales, Florida.
The present building dates from 1829 when the 9th Earl of Haddington employed William Burn to greatly enlarge the house in the Baronial style.
It was later converted into a country house and, as of 2013, the building is used as a school.
The building was declared a Boston Landmark by the Boston Landmarks Commission in 1977 for its notable exterior and interiors.
It contains 948 contributing buildings, 1 contributing site, 2 contributing structures, and 1 contributing object in a residential neighborhood in northern Arlington.
The primary water supply is a spring vent deep beneath the pool's water surface.
Stiles freed his slave when he left Newport to serve at Yale in 1777.
The Amherst Village Historic District encompasses the historic village center of Amherst, New Hampshire.
They were built as six almshouses in memory of local builder William Woodsend by his sons, Jack and Arthur.
It appears to have been constructed in 1840 by one Ellis Johns, although his involvement has not been demonstrated beyond a doubt.
By 1888 services were only held here quarterly, and continued until about 1920, when the church was officially closed.
The property was extensively restored in 1985 and 2005 by the current owners, Drs.
After the 2013 completion of the Mesa Grande Visitor's Center, the site is now seasonally open to the public from October, through May.
As such, the Lamoka Lake site is often considered the type site of the Archaic Period of North American prehistory.
In May 1940 the first commencement exercises were held with 13 students being granted diplomas.
John W. Martin House is a historic house in Tallahassee, Florida.
Trim Street in Bath, Somerset, England is a historic street, built in 1707, of shops and houses, many of which are listed buildings.
It is built of local stone with Hamstone dressings.
In 2010, the entire complex was purchased by the Church of Scientology, reportedly to consolidate a smaller location in Ybor City with another in West Tampa.
Camperdown House is "the largest Greek Revival house remaining in Scotland."
Begun in the early 18th century it remained vital until the mid 19th century, when most of the port was abandoned.
The company produced a wide variety of canvas products and canvas covers with over 200 sewing machines to assemble patterns.
First Congregational Church and the Madrid Methodist Church decided to merge in 1974.
City Cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
A boundary increase in 1986 added an area roughly bounded by Chouteau Ave., Dolman, Lafayette Ave., and S. Eighteenth St. and Vail Pl.
The Shelden Avenue Historic District is a commercial historic district located along Shelden, Lake, & Montezuma Avenues in Houghton, Michigan.
Founded in the early 1900s, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Elmwood Park Historic District on May 3, 1991.
The future of the museum is currently in doubt, following an accouncement from Lancashire County Council that it would be closed permanently.
The Rosedale property contains two buildings of major importance, the ruins of an 18th-century grist mill, and numerous subsidiary buildings.
The walls of the nave still bear the original 13th cent.
A member of a later generation of the family, John N. Schenck, arranged for the construction of the present house in 1860.
But Dorroh's file goes on to claim: "Brown Young's father John was a Revolutionary War soldier and his son was the historian Col. Bennett H.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
Greenwood Historic District is part of Maplewood, Missouri, United States, situated at a whistle stop of the Missouri Pacific railroad line.
Nichols, sank at the site in a storm on October 28 of the same year.
The cemetery is listed on both the New Jersey Register and the National Register of Historic Places, since 1991.
The Farlow Hill Historic District is a residential historic district in the Newton Corner area of Newton, Massachusetts.
Hunter's Crossroads is an historic intersection in Arlington County, Virginia.
The steel base structure is covered with 1292 wooden planks.
It is crossed by College Street and further south of Washington Street.
Excavations took place in 1939 and 1948-9 and about 300 sherds were unearthed.
It was designated as a Michigan State Historic Site and also added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 8, 1986.
Architectural styles are a mix of Colonial Revival, Craftsman/Bungalow, Dutch Colonial Revival, Queen Anne, and Tudor Revival.
The mount provides a vista for viewing the city of Austin, Lake Austin, and the surrounding hills.
It has a number of interesting gargoyles known locally as 'hunky punks'.
It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1976.
In 1960, the school was consolidated with Fredericksburg Independent School District.
The mansion served as the homestead of John Aston Warder, who is regarded as the "father of American forestry".
Fleetwing was a schooner that sank in Lake Michigan off Liberty Grove, Wisconsin, United States.
Jacob Kastner Loghouse is a historic home located at Spring House in Lower Gwynedd Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
The houses of the district represent a cross section of architectural development in the town, with houses dating from c. 1730 to the 20th century.
It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
In 1903, the Independent Order of Odd Fellows bought the church and converted it to a lodge hall.
In 1930 three agencies were combined as the Veterans Administration, and the hospital center was put under its authority.
Although the Garden was successful for several decades, it shut down in 1976, and most of its land was sold for development.
It was used by the Virginia 26th Battalion under the command of Lt.
It was designed by Thomas Leverton for Colonel James Willoughby Gordon.
Several other mounds, also consisting of soil mixed with midden debris, are near the "temple mound".
However, by 1926 the Peninsular Motor Company went bankrupt as a result of the collapse of the boom, and the Studebaker Building was closed.
The same year it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The William Goold House is an historic house at 280 Windham Center Road in Windham, Maine.
The site is now part of Frenchtown Park, situated behind the Recreation Department Building.
The site also highlights the lives of Gov.
On 22 February 1901, the vessel sank after striking a submerged reef at the entry to San Francisco Bay while inward bound from Hong Kong.
The styling of these houses is diverse, with all of the popular revival styles of the period represented.
The remainder of the site was transferred to the Government in 1985.
Built in the 1850s, it is one of six remaining antebellum county courthouses in the state of Tennessee.
The building is notable for its high parapet and its unusual porch balustrades.
It still bears the damage caused by cannon fire in the Civil War.
The furnace is claimed to be one of the best remaining examples of this technology.
They are the two surviving Federal style rowhouses on this location, which was at one point part of the Bayard farm.
It is located in Newton, in Sussex County, New Jersey, United States, and pursues a mission of promoting public knowledge and interest in the county's heritage.
The parish was combined with Fonthill Bishop in 1916 and subsequently became part of a larger team parish.
Most of the structures in the valley are related to agricultural activities.
It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1889.
The Tollemache family used the castle for occasional gatherings, but otherwise it was unused until 1969.
The Guibourd House is a contributing property in the Ste.
Bunbury Aldersey School is a Church of England primary school in School Lane, Bunbury, Cheshire, England.
Small dormer windows are placed in the arm roofs, and a polygonal tower with a steep roof sits atop the facade.
It has a long one-story rear ell.
Ultimately, production of that crop led the region to a position of economic importance in the antebellum years which it has never surpassed.
The district includes 97 contributing buildings and 1 contributing site in a primarily residential area of Athens.
It was added to the List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks in 2002.
A 1.5 story addition on the western side of the house as a gabled roof.
The Iravatanesvara temple is located in the temple town of Kanchipuram in Tamil Nadu, India.
The 3 hectares site lies in an area of woodland at the south eastern end of a narrow ridge with steep slopes around it.
Gujri Mahal is another palace located near the palace complex also built by Firoz Shah for his wife Gujri.
A unique example of Steamboat Gothic architecture, the John Blue House provides a glimpse into the past of the rural Carolinas.
The front of the house has five symmetrical bays and a front porch.
Construction began in the 15th-century but continued through to the 17th-century, accumulating different style.
It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
The interior includes meeting rooms, dining rooms, and a stage, all typical features of women's clubs of the era.
The tower was built in the second half of the 16th century.
It is a  2 1⁄2-story Flemish bond brick house, built about 1821 with elements of the Federal and Greek Revival styles.
The church was added to the List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks in 1971.
Adams Covered Bridge is a 58-foot historic covered bridge in Morgan County, Ohio spanning San Toy Creek near Malta.
Civil rights activists and journalists, Joseph and Charlotta Bass, lived at 697 E. 52nd Place in the 1930s.
The use of slate reflects the prominence of that industry on the local economy.
It was discovered in the early 1900s.
Welsh Congregational United Church of Christ, formerly known as First Welsh Congregational Church, is located in a rural area southwest of Iowa City, Iowa, United States.
He believed that an informal architecture full of whimsy and integrated with nature was indeed compatible with commercial businesses.
The Owl's Bend Site is a location in the Ozark National Scenic Riverways, at Owls Bend, Missouri in eastern Shannon County adjacent to the Current River.
The district includes late-19th and early-20th century mansions and stylish homes built between 1860 and 1941.
In Goodman's parlance, the house was titled "Unit House No.
As a distinctively Susquehanna site, evidence from the McCune site should be able to shed some light on this question.
The district encompasses 217 residential, industrial, commercial, religious, civic and educational properties in the historic core of the village of Honeoye Falls.
The Maitland Estate is a home located at 9 Sunset Drive.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
Large mansions line South 'D' Street and other stately homes line Ross Avenue.
It was added to the Register on April 28, 1982.
St. Anselm's Cemetery, Wrought-Iron Cross Site near Berwick, North Dakota, United States, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
The previous building has since been rented to numerous individuals, although it still houses outdated equipment no longer used by the bank.
It contains portions of Mobile's 19th century downtown area and features government, museum, commercial, and residential structures in a variety of 19th-century styles.
The Galt Island Archeological District is a U.S. historic district located on Galt Island, near St. James City, Florida.
The Lodge was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
Accordingly, the central section of the house is 16th century and the most northerly Hall is 17th century.
The museum is located in a historic Grade I listed former congregational church building.
It was built in 1841, and is a two-story, three-bay, double pile, stuccoed brick dwelling.
The Manuelito Complex, also known as Manuelito Canyon Historic District, is a complex of archaeological sites in central western New Mexico.
It includes architecture by Joseph A. Shannon.
It was owned and operated by one of the whip-making business that led Westfield to become widely known as "Whip City".
Fort Wool is a decommissioned island fortification located approximately one mile south of Fort Monroe in the mouth of Hampton Roads.
The library moved to the Havre City Hall by 1906.
The homestead presently consists of a cabin, barn, and tub mill built by mountain farmer Noah "Bud" Ogle in the late 19th century.
On September 14, 1984, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The chantry of Jesus was described as having been "recently completed" in 1526.
The house was recorded by the Historic American Buildings Survey in 1936.
The Union failed to exploit the initial success of this attack, however.
The site includes shell and sand mounds and other structures and prehistoric canals and artificial lakes.
Shops and restaurants lining Connecticut Ave include many chains, but also many fine local restaurants and shops.
Most of the area is part of the larger Shaw neighborhood, with the western end entering the Dupont Circle neighborhood.
There was a widespread challenge to long established rules surrounding theatrical representation; resulting in the development of many new forms of theatre, including modernism, Expressionism, Impressionism.
The most accredited hypothesis is that it was dedicated to Saint Mary.
The site was acquired by the state in 1937, and has been the subject of several excavations by professional archaeologists.
Constructed in 1830 as a farmhouse, it was for a time home to a prominent figure in the national debate over slavery.
The gunboat entered Confederate States Navy service in February 1863.
A section of the camp remains that is still 2.5 metres high on the southern and western sides.
Located north of the city of Wilmington, it sits on a wooded hill above the stream bottom of a small secondary creek, the Anderson Fork.
Various troops were reinterred here, and the monument was placed as the focus point of this small cemetery.
The Roman emperors Augustus and Tiberius completed its decorations.
The district includes 336 contributing buildings in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Pottsville.
Fort Worden and accompanying Fort Worden State Park are located in Port Townsend, along Admiralty Inlet in Washington state.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
From 1929 to the 1950s, the American Legion held meetings and events in the building as well.
It is thought to date from the 6th century, and it has been a scheduled monument since 1925.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
It encompasses six contributing buildings in a predominantly residential section of Mooresville, with notable examples of Late Victorian style architecture.
It was built in 1922 and was added to the National Register in 1985.
In 1959, it was converted into four flats.
The Hopewell complex consists of two historic farms: Hopewell and the smaller F.R.
Latinos became the majority in 1970 when they surpassed the Slavic population.
One of the older churches in the area is Schuyler Baptist Church organized in 1905.
The Woman’s Club of Jacksonville was instrumental in advocating for women’s suffrage and other issues.
The Ames Shovel Shops, also known as Ames Shovel Works or Ames Shovel Shop, is a historic 19th century industrial complex located in North Easton, Massachusetts.
Dedicated to their memory, by the Grand Lodge of California Independent Order of Odd Fellows,
is a historic church building off NE 31C in Naponee, Nebraska.
28th Street is a local station on the IRT Lexington Avenue Line of the New York City Subway.
The building features a central tower on the front façade above the main entrance and a coursed limestone foundation from an earlier courthouse which burned.
The Mall was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
In the 20th century the house became increasingly well known for its preserved Elizabethan architecture, but the costs of maintenance grew considerably and its condition deteriorated.
The Islesford Historical Museum and Blue Duck Ships' Store are related historical exhibits on Little Cranberry Island in Maine, within the boundaries of Acadia National Park.
Located in the Midtown Redevelopment Area, Roser Park also encompasses historic Greenwood Cemetery and one of St Petersburg's most storied creeks.
The Brooklyn Heights Historic District is a historic district that comprises much of the Brooklyn Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City.
Built in 1910, the court, along with Bowen Court, is one of the oldest remaining in Pasadena.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in July 5, 1984.
A 1905 history of the San Joaquin Valley called the house "one of the finest in Merced County."
Rains and melting snow constitute the main part of these rivers.
The former Royal Albert Hospital is in Ashton Road, Lancaster, Lancashire, England.
The Bell Witch Cave is a karst cave located in Adams, Tennessee near where the Bell Farm once stood.
After it opened in September 1925, Wilson became a central part of middle school education in western Eugene.
It has five storeys; the lowest two are medieval undercrofts dating from about 1180, and the storey above it includes part of Chester Rows.
164 Terrace street remained unoccupied until 2008.
It is located about .5 mile south of Middleburg on Virginia Route 626, straddling the county lines of Fauquier and Loudoun Counties.
While the trading post initially served the Navajo, it soon served tourists as well due to increased traffic on Route 66.
It is said to be the "biggest log cabin in the world" and the most expensive residence in Michigan.
The district extends east about 500 yards from the green along Bolton Center Road.
The site shares its name with a harbor near Waimea.
Ocean Grove is an unincorporated community and census-designated place located within Neptune Township, Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.
Camroden Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church in Floyd, Oneida County, New York.
When the station was constructed, the A&NC was controlled by the Norfolk Southern Railway.
It was first known as Morris Rambles when built in 1741 by James Morris of Philadelphia Pennsylvania.
It is a small residential enclave that includes the town green.
Croghan Island Mill is a historic saw mill complex and concrete dam located near Croghan in Lewis County, New York.
By 1890, the school site became known as Normal, Alabama, and a post office was established.
It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The current church building was built in 1830, constructed of field stone in the Gothic Revival style.
The cottage is part of the Pinehurst Historic District, added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
It primarily includes frame, brick, and concrete block commercial buildings dating to the late-19th and early-20th centuries.
Numbers 6 and 7 are three-storey houses with a mansard roof, as does number 8 and 9.
The Burro Flats Painted Cave is not accessible to the public.
He lived in the house until his death in 1936.
The forest canopy is primarily made up of the Coast Douglas-fir, Western Redcedar, Bigleaf Maple, Pacific Madrone and Western Hemlock.
It consists of a  1 1⁄2-story frame structure with a 2-story visually dominant cobblestone portion and 1-story rear shed addition.
It operated as a public school until leased to St. Hedwig's Roman Catholic Church for use as a Catholic high school.
The district includes 587 contributing buildings, 5 contributing sites, and 3 contributing objects in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Warren.
The battery is named in honor of Captain Lowell A. Chamberlin, who had served with distinction in the Civil War.
The lower classes who lived at the periphery of the site ate meat from ovi-caprines.
The American Woman's League was a political and social organization founded by magazine publisher Edward Gardner Lewis in 1908.
In order to store the crops, potato houses were built.
Of particular note is the Hail To The Sunrise Statue at Mohawk Park, which features a tribute to Native American heritage.
It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1885.
Chester Creek Historic District is a national historic district located along the west branch of Chester Creek at Thornbury Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania.
The school is no longer used as such, with classes having ceased in 1974.
It is one of two sites in Effingham County listed on the Register, along with the Effingham County Courthouse.
The site consists of a few main hills known as the Child Hill, the Female Hill, and the Male Hill.
It is operated and maintained by the Baltimore National Cemetery.
The Havre Residential Historic District represents Havre’s economic growth and social change from 1895 to the 1940s.
It cost $10,000.00 to build and it is situated on almost four city lots.
It is constructed of stone and is in a vernacular Federal style.
The North Bend Carnegie Library is a Carnegie library located at 140 E. 8th St. in North Bend, Nebraska.
The building is in a Greek Revival style.
The area continues to spread eastward with newer developments.
Jerry Mudd sold the house to Don Rice and Beth Loker in 1991.
Albany Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Cazenovia in Madison County, New York.
The Rüfai Teqe is a Cultural Monument of Albania, located in Berat and pertaining to the Rüfai Sufi order.
It was designed by Sioux Falls, South Dakota architect Joseph Schwartz utilizing the Richardsonian Romanesque style.
Built in 1897, the school was the first public high school in Merced County.
Twenty-five years later, all of Oliver Johnson's Woods was designated a historic district and added to the Register because of its architecture and local historical importance.
The Müller House is a historic house located at 500 North Vail Avenue in Arlington Heights, Illinois.
The bridge was built in 1869 on a site that is believed to have had a bridge since 1789.
Peter Marsh House, also known as The Homestead, is a historic home located at Rehoboth Beach, Sussex County, Delaware.
Alamo Placita Park is a city park located in Denver, Colorado that is the namesake of the Alamo Placita, Denver neighborhood.
The Harlan and Hollingsworth Office Building is a historic office building located in Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware.
By the late 1980s, ownership changed hands a number of times, and the buildings saw neglect.
A few apartments are used as guest quarters for visiting relatives of residents.
The historic district contained 54 contributing buildings and 21 non-contributing ones, on the 900 to 1100 blocks of Pleasant and Palmer Avenues and on cross streets.
It was built in 1890 and added to the National Register in 1982.
Lower Louviers and Chicken Alley, also known as Louviers and Duck Street, is a historic home located near Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware.
The two churches are the most dominant structures on the Green.
It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1999.
The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
The site is now in Del Norte County and is marked by a California Historical Landmark.
The church has been included within the possible UNESCO site of the Natural and Cultural Heritage of the Ohrid Region.
The office-library-chapel-Sunday school addition was built in 1962.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
It is part of the Towards a Greater Des Moines MPS.
Most of the houses are one or two stories, of heavy timber frame construction and built between the 1820s and about 1910.
The house is used as a bed and breakfast.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 22, 1983.
The first construction activity took the line east from Sacramento.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 15, 2005.
Proctor House, also known as the Cassandra Gilbert House, is an historic home located at Bel Air, Harford County, Maryland, United States.
Many of these lookouts were established between 1905 and 1920.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
Groves continued the ranching operation but also used the TE as a family retreat, building cabins and a log octagonal library/game house.
The Monocacy Site is an archeological site located along the Potomac River.
A two-story wing was added in 1928.
Education courses, including a Certificate in Ecological Gardening are offered year-round.
It was designed by Tampa architect Fred J. James and constructed from 1915-1917.
Carpenter Gothic houses are relatively rare in Alabama.
A series of earthworks survive in Berry Castle; it dates from the late Iron Age or early Romano British period.
Strathcona-on-the-Charles was the first to be built.
Grant Building, the Retail Credit Company Home Office Building, the Elbert P. Tuttle United States Court of Appeals Building.
The Haley House was built around 1870 for successful local brick manufacturer Francis Haley.
After the bank left the building, it was occupied by the Minden Post Office until 1974.
Water power was needed, and the enterprise used a former sawmill facility downriver from the later factory site.
The Nurses' Home and Sanitarium Annex was built in 1924, also in the Dutch Colonial Revival-style.
It was named after Ashland, the estate of Kentucky statesman Henry Clay which is located in the eastern portion of the neighborhood.
Giles was the son of Governor William Branch Giles, who owned Wigwam.
It measures 55 feet wide and 26 feet, 4 inches, deep, and features a two-story portico overlooking the Brandywine.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 24, 2008.
Numbers 18 and 18A, on the corner of Trim Street were built between 1730 and 1750.
In 1977 the house and grounds opened to the public as a country park.
Located on the village green, the congregation's church building has been named a historic site.
There has been significant interior work done throughout the winter of 2014 with ongoing exterior work through the summer of 2015.
The drill hall is protected as a category B listed building.
County Councilman and representative William S. Hanna was also raised at Temora
Duffy is clearly related to sites of the Yankeetown Complex, which is named for the Yankeetown Site on the Ohio River east of Evansville, Indiana.
It encompasses 163 contributing buildings in the working-class borough of Red Hill.
It was named a federal historic site in 1982.
Mechanic Street is presumed to be named for the "mechanics" who worked in shipbuilding.
The Bull-Jackson House, also known as Hill-Hold Museum, is located on NY 416 in the town of Hamptonburgh in Orange County, New York.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006 and is currently a bed and breakfast.
The ship's captain ensures his crew carry out the pilot's orders.
The Broadway Apartment is the most architecturally-intact Baum-designed building in Sarasota.
The Doncaster Town Site is an archeological site near Easton, Talbot County, Maryland.
The Portland Brownstone Quarries are a set of historic quarries in Portland, Connecticut.
In April 1986 Trip May took another position and Tim Morrissey was hired as Technical Director.
Hargreaves Building is a former bank in Chapel Street, Liverpool, Merseyside, England.
"At Alkali Ridge there are faint marks of an ancient road, likely a trade route that connected this settlement to trading and cultural partners beyond."
It was ostensibly designed in the Classical Revival style by noted architect Edward Columbus Hosford.
Mobile was founded as the first capital of the French colony of Louisiana under the direction of Pierre Le Moyne d'Iberville.
The White Grass Ranger Station includes several structures in the backcountry of Grand Teton National Park that were established to support horse patrols by park rangers.
On March 17, 1971, a fire broke out in the museum; the museum reopened the next year.
Construction began in 1812, and was not completed till 1827.
It was built in 1854 and added to the National Register in 1979.
In 2015, the school was rated "Improvement Required" by the Texas Education Agency.
It was designed by Thomas Harrison, and has since been altered and used as offices.
The Walter Reed Gardens Historic District, also known as Commons of Arlington, is a national historic district located in Arlington County, Virginia.
Somerset County Council assumed ownership in 1951 and use the property as an administrative centre.
The building contains two theaters; the lower one seats 3,866 and the upper one seats 1,012.
Giant's Grave are two standing stones at the foot of Black Combe in Cumbria, England.
Now located among much newer houses, it is Dayton's oldest surviving residence, and it has been named a historic site.
The main house has a center hall plan and interior end chimneys.
The William P. Heryford House is a house located in Lakeview, Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Today the area consists of hot springs and steam vents.
A branch of the Chicago Public Library operated out of the fieldhouse from 1937 to 1960, and the building has also served as a community center.
It is one of very few examples of the French Second Empire style remaining in Omaha today.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994 for its artistic and architectural qualities.
Located in the red clay hills of the Georgia piedmont, the site stands as one of the best-preserved examples of a "middle class" Southern plantation.
In 1951 the hospital merged with the Children's Hospital and Maine General Hospital to become Maine Medical Center.
Fort Holmes is a fortified earthen redoubt located on the highest point of Mackinac Island.
The Point Atkinson Lighthouse may be reached by hiking the Valley Trail in Lighthouse Park.
The Hamilton Place Historic District is a 43-acre historic district in St. Louis, Missouri that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
The hall is a timber-framed building and currently consists of a single range, with two storeys and five bays.
Camp Muir, named for the naturalist John Muir, is a high-altitude refuge for climbers in Mount Rainier National Park in Washington.
It was built between spring 1887 and spring 1888 by the Canadian Pacific Railway at the instigation of its president, William Cornelius Van Horne.
Sir Edmund Bacon gave it to the nation in 1970.
began his practice in Ashland in 1898 and also owned a drug store.
In 1935 it was listed as one of the official historical monuments of France.
The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 14, 2010.
The Restiturm, or Burgruine Resti, is a ruined castle in the municipality of Meiringen in the Swiss canton of Bern.
The area was, until the arrival of the railroad in 1847, primarily known for its granite quarries.
After the Brooks family covered the remaining construction costs, it became a private chapel under Episcopal law.
The community possessed a post office as late as 1942, but it has since closed.
It encompasses 19 contributing buildings constructed between about 1890 and 1953.
The Continental was a bulk carrier that sank in Lake Michigan off the coast of Two Rivers, Wisconsin, United States.
The Todd General Store is a contributing property in the Todd Historic District, which is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
The square was originally designed by Alexander Tamanian in 1924.
The Conrey House is a brick building set on a foundation of limestone.
A cemetery was located across the road.
The village was established by Abraham Somes who was the first settler on the island.
It has yielded evidence of occupation for a roughly 300-year period around 1200 CE.
The granite used in building the temple was hand-hewn from quarries in Nelson, British Columbia.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
The earliest extant building is the Willis farmhouse, dated to the early 19th century.
A local festival, Eastham Windmill Weekend, has been held on a yearly basis in Eastham since 1977, and takes place the first weekend after Labor Day.
The building of the tower began in 1575 and was completed in 1582.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973, with a boundary increase in 1988.
After 1900, buildings in a number of other styles were added to the district.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
Each pond had a set of sluices that controlled the seawater flow and the fish available in the pond for harvesting.
The most striking interior feature is the Norman chancel arch, with semi-circular head and colonettes.
The building is hexagonal in shape, with a central metal spire which is 192 feet high.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
