The Immaculate Conception Parish Church, also known as the Dasmariñas Church, is the first Catholic parish church in the city of Dasmariñas, province of Cavite, Philippines.
It was consecrated on 12 March 1651 by Bishop Erik Bredal.
It stands between where Little Clarendon Street joins Woodstock Road and Keble Road joins Banbury Road.
It is located in the village of Åkra.
The Vineyard Life Church, Richmond was formed in 2013 as the result of a merger between Richmond Borough Church and The Vineyard Church, Richmond.
Pasvikdalen had finally gotten its own place of worship.
Administratively belongs to Astrakhan dean of the Diocese of St. Clement to the center of Saratov, headed by Bishop Clemens Pickel.
Being essentially solid gold, the images are extremely heavy.
Its dome is inspired by the world-famous Byzantine Church of the Savior in Chora.
It is located in the village of Nerskogen.
Belonging to both the Uniting Church in Sweden and the Swedish Alliance Mission.
It is sometimes regarded as the first Buddhist and oldest officially administered temple in Japan, although the temple buildings have been rebuilt over the centuries.
The Cathedral of Mary, Mother of the Church in Mostar is one of four Roman Catholic cathedrals in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
St Joseph's Church is a Roman Catholic church in the Elm Grove area of Brighton, part of the English city of Brighton and Hove.
Salangsdalen Chapel is a chapel in the municipality of Bardu in Troms county, Norway.
The chancel and half-round apse date from the 12th century with the exterior featuring blind arcades with typical Norman arches.
It is located in the village of Ørnes.
The building is made up of a small medieval church and a large Victorian extension designed by William Butterfield in 1872.
It is a Grade I listed building and stands in the centre of the village of East Farndon.
It is situated to the south of Espanola, on the shore of Anderson Lake, just off Ontario Highway 6.
The Örgryte Old Church is a church building in Örgryte in Gothenburg, Sweden.
A visit to Brahe Church presents a picture of the splendor that once was characteristic of Sweden’s largest countship, Visingsborg.
Frontline was the young adult ministry of McLean Bible Church, a non-denominational evangelical Christian church with campuses throughout the Washington, DC metropolitan area.
It is the longest parish church in the country and is larger than 21 English Anglican Cathedrals.
It is one of only five Grade I listed buildings in the City of Nottingham.
It is located in the village of Bardalssjøen.
It was founded in the 6th century, supposedly by St Tannwg and St Eithrias, and is the only church in Wales with this dedication.
Designed by Edmund Blacket, it was ready for services and consecrated in 1868, making it the oldest cathedral in Australia.
It is a Grade II listed building.
In the years before the Civil War, political rallies and anti-slavery meetings frequently were held there.
The original design called for an English-Irish Gothic Revival church, but plans were later modified in favor of a French Gothic Revival style.
Bjørnskinn Church is a parish church in the municipality of Andøy in Nordland county, Norway.
Inside the church are a number of tombs and memorials, mainly to the memory of the Savage and Legh families.
St Giles' Church, Balderton, is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Balderton, Nottinghamshire, England.
Hörsne Church is a medieval Lutheran church in Hörsne-Bara on the Swedish island of Gotland, in the Diocese of Visby.
The church is noted for containing stained glass windows that were donated by Charles de Gaulle.
It is one of three places of worship that constitute the Parish of Madeley, a Church of England parish.
The policy covers both on-duty officers, and those working a second job in their capacity as a police officer.
It is one of the so-called Kyoto Gozan or "five great Zen temples of Kyoto".
The smooth cut stones are centered on the corners and windows.
In 1836 the church became the cathedral for the Diocese of Ripon.
St. Mary and St. Martin’s Church, Blyth, is a Grade I listed parish church in Blyth, Nottinghamshire, England.
The church is situated at the address 9 Gogoļa Street.
The church is part of the Sykkylven parish in the Austre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre.
St Eanswith's Church is a Grade II* listed Anglican church in the village of Brenzett, Kent, about 7 miles north-east of Rye, East Sussex.
The All Saints Church is a Roman Catholic church in Livno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Wat Phnom is the central point of Phnom Penh.
The church is part of the Solund parish in the Nordhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
St. Edmund's Anglican Church was a parish of the Convocation of Anglicans in North America in Elm Grove, Wisconsin.
Phra That Choeng Chum a major and sacred religious monument of Sakon Nakhon Province, is enshrined at Wat Phra That Choeng Chum in town.
Because the two teachers have chosen to be lay teachers and are not ordained as Zen priests, there are no services and robes are not worn.
Saint Johannes Parish was originally part of Aarhus Domsogn but it was made an independent parish when the church was built in 1905.
Paróquia Nossa Senhora de Montevirgem e São Luiz Gonzaga is a church located in São Paulo, Brazil.
The church is part of the Markabygd parish in the Sør-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
The tower at the top was built in 1912 and is 45ft high.
Unlike most of the other pre-Mongol Vladimir-Suzdal churches, the St. George Cathedral was not designated as the World Heritage site.
The church is part of the Velfjord og Tosen parish in the Sør-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
Kumadani-ji is a Kōya-san Shingon temple in Awa, Tokushima Prefecture, Japan.
The churchyard contains war graves of three soldiers of World War I.
It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
The architecture is described in Pevsner's Buildings of England: Cornwall.
English Heritage has listed it at Grade II for its architectural and historical importance.
In 1966 the church was designated a Grade II listed building.
The Church of the Nativity of Mary is a Roman Catholic baroque parish church located in Naxxar, Malta.
St Machar's Cathedral is a Church of Scotland church in Aberdeen, Scotland.
Skjervøy Church is a parish church in the municipality of Skjervøy in Troms county, Norway.
Remains of the original sixteenth-century house are Grade II listed.
The walls are covered in Rosemaling, a type of Norwegian folk-art.
In Honmyō-ji is the grave of Katō Kiyomasa,, a Japanese daimyo, builder of Kumamoto Castle and a dedicated buddhist of Nichiren Buddhism.
John Mc Donnel, O.F.M.CAP of the Vicariate Apostolic of Agra in 1847.
The Church of Saint Anthony of Padua is a Roman Catholic church in Gornji Kosinj, Croatia.
It is also the only building in Toompea which survived a 17th-century fire.
The capacity of the cathedral is about 1,880 people including the two side chapels.
Carmel Moravian Church sits dramatically atop a hill 1.5 miles west of the small market town of Newmarket in Westmoreland, Jamaica.
A second console has been added along with four ranks of pipes.
When reaching that spot the monk saw a mark of a footstep on the ground.
The red church is part of the old, colonial harbour district of the town.
The church is part of the Strandebarm parish in the Hardanger og Voss deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
St. James Anglican Church is a parish church in Newport Beach, California in the Diocese of Western Anglicans of the Anglican Church in North America.
Cathedral of St. Raymond Nonnatus is a Catholic cathedral in Joliet, Illinois, United States.
The church is part of the Todalen parish in the Indre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Macclesfield, the archdeaconry of Macclesfield, and the diocese of Chester.
It is located in the Mid-Levels area of the city at 16 Caine Road.
The church is Grade II* listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a particularly significant building of more than local interest.
The church building is on a rise not far from the Thames at the west end of the town.
The wooden church building was constructed by the architect Ole Andresen in 1887.
St Mary's Church, Mold is an Anglican church in Flintshire, Wales and a Grade I listed building.
The church dates from the late 12th century and contains the tomb of Bernard Gilpin.
It was made from oak in the 17th century.
Our Lady of Perpetual Help Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Quaker Hill, Connecticut, United States.
The architect behind the church was Sten Samuelson.
Tōfuku-ji is a Buddhist temple in Higashiyama-ku in Kyoto, Japan.
Built with seating for over 1,200 people, it has been described as the largest parish church in Melbourne, in Victoria, or even in Australia.
The red, wooden church was built in 1674 and it seats about 270 people.
The Tianning Temple is a Buddhist temple complex located in Xicheng District of Beijing, in northern China.
He planted Onnuri Church in 1985 with 12 families with a vision of stirring a vision similar to the Book of Acts.
Since 1990, it has been on Serbia's list of Monuments of Culture of Exceptional Importance.
Currently, the only Roman Catholic cathedral operating in Tunisia is the Cathedral of St. Vincent de Paul in Tunis.
St Nicholas' Church, Tuxford is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Tuxford.
It is dedicated to St Mary the Virgin.
The church was a Chapel of Ease of Welshpool Church and had a separate endowment.
Pope John Paul II blessed the cornerstone of the church on his visit to Finland in 1989.
Until 2008, the church was located in Wheaton, Illinois, and retained the geographically-oriented name when it relocated to a new campus.
A tower was added in 1827 to house a Revere Bell.
It was built during the time when Pope Cyril VI of Alexandria was Pope of the Coptic Orthodox Church, and was inaugurated by him in 1969.
One of the earliest references to St. Oswald's can be found in Bradshaw's Life of St. Werburge The Parish Registers date back to 1580.
The Holme pastorate is shared with the Lyseng Church to the south.
At this time, the city of Varberg was situated in an area called Platsarna.
The church was extensively restored in 1874-5.
The church is part of the Stamnes parish in the Hardanger og Voss deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
The church is part of the Nærøy parish in the Namdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
The church underwent some alteration in the 15th century, but suffered very little change following the Scottish Reformation of 1560.
The cornerstone was laid August 3, 1902 and Archbishop George Montgomery dedicated the new sanctuary June 7, 1903.
The white, wooden, octagonal church was built in 1885 and it seats about 700 people.
The church was founded in 1811 and is the second oldest church in the diocese after Church of the Assumption.
In 1999 it became a Grade II listed building.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
St. Elisabeth's Church is an Anglo Catholic church in Reddish, Stockport designed by Alfred Waterhouse in the Victorian Gothic style.
The old building was taken over by the Railway Mission.
The Church of St. Nicholas or Karlovac Cathedral, is a Serbian Orthodox church located in Karlovac, in central Croatia.
The chancel retains some stained glass contemporary with the construction of the building.
The Our Lady of Mount Carmel Cathedral is a cathedral of the Roman Catholic Church in the Northern Mariana Islands, a Territory of the United States.
The parish has 816 inhabitants of which 655 are members of the Church of Denmark.
St Nicholas’ Church, Radford is a parish church in the Church of England in Radford, Coventry.
The white, wooden church was built in 1846 using designs by the architect Hans Linstow.
Stoney Street Baptist Chapel is a former Baptist Church on Plumptre Place Road in Nottingham.
St Michael and All Angels Church is the parish church of Great Houghton in South Yorkshire.
The organ has nine stops and was produced by Josef Hilmar Jørgensen in 1928.
It is situated on the highest point in Kilkenny City and is a significant local landmark.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Clun Forest, the archdeaconry of Ludlow, and the diocese of Hereford.
It consists of a church, built between 1883 and 1884, and an attached minister's house, and provides a centre for the Liverpool International Nordic Community.
The church is located in the village of Alstahaug on the southern end of the island of Alsta.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
Deep Run Baptist Church is a Baptist church located in Western Henrico County, Virginia.
St Peter's Church is a redundant Anglican parish church in St Peter's Square, Preston, Lancashire, England.
In the Middle Ages, the Church of St. Vitus was a small and one-sided, romanesque church dedicated to the patron saint and protector of Rijeka.
The church is part of the Gildeskål parish in the Bodø deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland.
A new building, the Paulinum, was built on the site beginning in 2007.
In 2007, a satellite campus in Stamford, Connecticut was established at the site of the former Long Ridge Congregational Church.
For the latest information, please visit www.leucharsstathernase.org.uk
In 1998, Holy Rosary Parish and St. John Parish were merged, to become Most Holy Redeemer Parish.
The church is part of the Sandvollan parish in the Nord-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
Services are held on Sundays at 10.30am and 6pm.
The barge was accompanied by a fleet of decorated ceremonial boats.
This church has a strong social justice orientation, and became an affirming ministry in June 2013.
St James' Church is in the Daisy Hill district of Westhoughton, Bolton, Greater Manchester, England.
The frescoes in the church are famous examples of Comnenian Age Byzantine Art, depicting scenes from the Passion of Christ and various hagiographical illustrations.
Further examples of the work of Nathaniel Hitch, the sculptor responsible for the reredos, may be seen in Westminster Abbey and Truro and Bristol Cathedrals.
The cemetery is divided around a system of paths which splits the cemetery into smaller units.
As of 2009 Great Saint Martin is being used by a branch of the Monastic Fraternities of Jerusalem and is open for visits again.
The monastery is an apartment building; the church is used by the Volyn Fellowship of Saint Andrew, heir to the Lutsk Orthodox Fellowship.
The church is sometimes misleadingly called St. Jacob's.
Sensō-ji is an ancient Buddhist temple located in Asakusa, Tokyo, Japan.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
Weltevereden Park is one of the northern suburbs of Johannesburg.
The church is located on Nassau Street, directly across from Princeton University.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
It is located on St Mark's Road, Teddington in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.
It uses David's star as insignia on its flag, emblem and Temple.
The church is situated in an elevated position and its tower is a prominent landmark in the area.
The church has been designated a Grade B listed building by English Heritage.
It is a Grade II* listed building.
Bishop Hedge formally apologized to Dr Godfrey and his family but Godfrey elected not to return to the position.
It is a member of the General Assembly of Unitarian and Free Christian Churches, the umbrella organisation for British Unitarians.
The main structure of the present building was erected in the 14th and 15th centuries.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a Grade II* listed building, having been designated in 1974.
St Chad’s Church, Rubery is a Church of England parish church in Rubery, Worcestershire.
Paul Kariatty and it was consecrated on 31 December 2006.
Both of the Floridian contenders for the 2016 Republican nomination for president, Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio, attend Little Flower with their families.
The white, wooden church was built in 1894 by the architect Heinrich Ernst Schirmer.
Hove Methodist Church is one of six extant Methodist churches in the city of Brighton and Hove, England.
Now it is called Fantoft Stave Church.
A church has been on the present site since at least 1190 but the current building dates mainly from the restoration of 1842-43.
Founded in 1928,  it is the first and oldest Assemblies of God church in the city-state.
The church is part of the Moster parish in the Sunnhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
Construction started in 1937 but was halted in 1941 when Nazi Germany invaded the Soviet Union during World War II.
It is located in the village of Jondal, near the shore of the Hardangerfjorden.
Sagene Church is located in Oslo, Norway.
It is jointly a temple of the Jōdo-shū and Tendai-shū sects.
It is dedicated to the Church of Ireland and was completed in 1879.
The crucifix once had an inscription, now lost, that was among the oldest of its kind.
It was founded in 1703 and is designated as a Grade II* listed building.
The St. Joseph Cathedral is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Groningen-Leeuwarden in the city of Groningen in the Netherlands.
The Wesleyan Methodist chapel was built in 1840 and was the childhood church of Margaret Thatcher, former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.
His son and heir, Hidehira, accomplished that task.
Its churchmanship was high church and Anglo-Catholic.
The white wooden church was built in 1870.
Highland Park Presbyterian Church is a Presbyterian church in University Park, Texas, which is one of the affluent Park Cities enclaves of Dallas.
It is located in the deanery of Rhos, the archdeaconry of St Asaph, and the Diocese of St Asaph.
It is the third church to serve the diocese as its cathedral.
The remains of the church were restored and used by French Protestants until 1820.
Its benefice is combined with that of St Leonard, Warmingham.
It is located in Walbrook, next to the Mansion House, and near to Bank and Monument Underground stations.
The white, concrete church was built in 1971 to replace the Old Hjelme Church which was too small for the congregation.
The authors of the Buildings of England series call this church "a lovable muddle".
The church is rarely used anymore since no one permanently lives on the island.
The church is a Grade II Listed building.
A member of the Presbyterian Church, it is known for its Day School and music programs.
The white chapel was built in 2005 to replace the old Straumsnes Chapel in nearby Straumsnes.
It is canonically the mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Belize City-Belmopan.
It lies within the Deanery of Westminster within the Diocese of London.
This new church is larger, with 350 seats in the main sanctuary.
Educor owns various brands, including Damelin, CityVarsity, ICESA, Durban Central Technical College, Intec College, Damelin Correspondence College, and Lyceum College.
Holy Family is a Roman Catholic church in Toronto's west end neighbourhood of Parkdale and within the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Toronto.
The church is dedicated to Saint Hilary of Poitiers and is a Grade I listed building.
The church is part of the Samnanger parish in the Hardanger og Voss deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
In the mid-1970s, the growing congregation left the downtown area to found Bayview Glen Church north of the city in Thornhill, Ontario.
Holy Trinity Church is an Anglican parish church in Leicester, England.
Belonging to the Skärstad-Ölmstad Parish of the Church of Sweden, it is supposed to be dated back to 12th century.
It is a Romanesque Revival church and a category B listed building.
Christ Church Greyfriars, also known as Christ Church Newgate Street, was a church in Newgate Street, opposite St Paul's Cathedral in the City of London.
The church is part of the Salangen parish in the Indre Troms deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
The Cathedral of the Holy Spirit is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Palmerston North, New Zealand.
It lies within the Diocese of Chichester.
The Former Church of St Mary, Wythall is a Grade II listed redundant parish church in the Church of England in Wythall, Worcestershire.
Utsira Church is a parish church in Utsira municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.
It is designated by Cadw as a Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches.
Sildpollnes Church is a parish church in the municipality of Vågan in Nordland county, Norway.
The church is part of the Fiksdal parish in the Indre Romsdal deanery in the Diocese of Møre.
Its steep pitched roof, its pointed arch entry through its belfry tower and its lancet windows are typical of Carpenter Gothic churches.
Fitjar Church is a parish church in Fitjar municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
The parish was established by the Augustinians in 1733 under the patronage of Saint Augustine of Hippo.
The churchyard is one of five ancient burial grounds in England and is one of the largest churchyards in the country at 9 acres.
In the adjacent, rectangular Santa Maria chapel the sacraments are preserved.
It is an important Catholic sanctuary which receives about a half-million pilgrims each year, including the Anna Fusco Pilgrimage from Connecticut.
Its benefice is combined with that of St Mary, Nether Alderley.
St. Mary Magdalen, Milk Street, was a parish church in the City of London, England.
The church spawned two sister churches: South Ridge Church, in Fairmont, West Virginia and River Ridge in Charleston, West Virginia.
St. Marguerite Bourgeoys Parish is a Roman Catholic church in Brookfield, Connecticut, part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
The building has the Dutch status of a Rijksmonument.
Leikanger Church is a parish church in Leikanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
It was founded by R. C. Sproul in the Ligonier Valley, Pennsylvania outside of Pittsburgh in 1971.
Access to the church is across fields or through a farmyard.
The church is part of the Mosvik parish in the Nord-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
The music is not limited to worship songs, but includes songs by popular bands such as the Foo Fighters, Black Eyed Peas and recently Pink.
The side aisles are where the platforms for the station were located.
Founded in 1979 by Dr. A. R. Bernard, The facility sits on an 11-acre campus and the church claims over 37,000 members.
St. Anne’s Church, Baslow, is a Grade II* listed parish church in Baslow, England.
A number of small rooms are found around the church along with halls to the rear.
St George's Church is in Church Street, Hyde, Greater Manchester, England.
Kvinnherad Church is a parish church in Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
Hosanger Church is a parish church in Osterøy municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
The television program Hechos is viewed in Latin America, the United States and Europe.
The wooden church was constructed in 1858 to seat about 450 people.
The church has been damaged by fire and bombing, but is still in active use as the area's parish church.
Since 15 August 2013 the cathedral community has worshipped at the Cardboard Cathedral.
Santa Maria church origin is from the 11th century, but the current building is mainly from the 17th century.
St Jude's Church is on Nantwich Road in the civil parish of Tilstone Fearnall, Cheshire, England.
St Mary's Church lies between the village of Rostherne and Rostherne Mere in Cheshire, England.
The building was designed in the Gothic Revival style and erected in 1910.
The church is a congregation of the Presbyterian Church of Australia.
All Saints maintains a traditional choir, with a weekly sung Solemn Eucharist, and monthly evensong from April–September.
It is located in the village of Gjesvær on the western end of the island of Magerøya.
In the 15th century the church was lengthened to the west and heightened for the second time with Brick.
Neighbouring villages are Blaenllechau, Maerdy and Tylorstown.
St. Catherine's Church is located in Nummi, a suburb of Turku, Finland, in the same district as Turku Student Village.
The San Miguel Arcangel Parish Church, also known as Masantol Church, is an early 20th-century Renaissance-style church located at Barangay San Nicolas, Masantol, Pampanga, Philippines.
The San Isidro Labrador Parish Church, commonly referred to as Pulilan Church, is an 19th-century Baroque church located at Brgy.
It belongs to the Church of Scotland Presbytery of Stirling and serves the parish of Alloa.
Its parish priest is Reverend Monsignor Canon James Cronin.
Peter and Paul under the Ecclesiastical Province of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lingayen-Dagupan.
This congregation, established in the 1780s, is overseen by the Presbytery of Newton.
New monastic buildings and a temporary church were constructed incorporating the existing Gothic house.
St Augustine, Watling Street was an Anglican church which stood just to the east of St Paul's Cathedral in the City of London.
Skara Cathedral is a church in the Swedish town of Skara.
It was built in 1879, and was consecrated on 9 October 1879 by Bishop Andreas Grimelund.
Its benefice is combined with those of three local churches to form the Parr Team Ministry.
It is located in the Søreidegrenda neighborhood in the city of Bergen.
John Wesley preached a sermon "On the death of the Rev Mr George Whitefield" both here and at Whitefield's Tabernacle, Tottenham Court Road in 1770.
The first child was baptized there on New Year's Day in 1892.
St Wilfrid’s Church, Barrow upon Trent is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Barrow upon Trent, Derbyshire.
The church is situated in the centre of the city, in the borough of Storhaug.
The Church of All Saints is the parish church of Aston cum Aughton in South Yorkshire, England.
It is now a redundant church but services are held in the summer months.
It is located on the small island of Luro.
It houses one of the most revered reclining Buddha images in the country.
The Church St. Nikolas, in Kumanovo, Republic of Macedonia, is a church designed by Andrey Damyanov.
St Brigid's is the church for the Roman Catholic Parish of Kilbirnie, North Ayrshire, Scotland.
It was constructed between 1858–1860, primarily to serve Russian Catholics in the army, as well as Catholic merchants.
The authors of the Buildings of England series state that it is "an individual design".
Urban renewal from the 1930s literally built around the old premises, leaving much of the original structure standing in the center.
In September 2014, the 200-year-old church of Saint Anne Parish in Piddig, Ilocos Norte was closed for public worship after it was deemed unsafe.
It describes itself as a lively evangelical Anglican church with a diverse population.
The construction of a bell tower began in 1485, but was abandoned in 1546 and never finished.
The church is considered to be "one of the best preserved examples of an early Georgian church in England".
Glasgow Cathedral is located north of High Street and east of Cathedral Street, beside the Glasgow Royal Infirmary.
The tall bell tower on a rocky prominence above Twist Street remains a landmark to this day.
The church was established in 1968 and is also a parish in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Penang.
it is located by Manila Bay, very close to the sea.
It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Worcester.
For the church with a similar dedication in Kendal, see Church of Holy Trinity and St George, Kendal.
St. Stephen's Armenian Apostolic Church, also known as Soorp Stepanos Church, is an Armenian Apostolic church in Watertown, Massachusetts.
The founder is a certified veterinary doctor working as the Director of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department, Government of Mizoram.
St. James Parish Church, is located in Holetown, St. James, Barbados.
In 2001-3, the church underwent significant conservation, at a cost of over 1 million pounds.
Its current building was built in 1885-1891 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
The painted ceiling is by Giovanni Borgnis, and there is spectacular Rococo plasterwork, on the ceiling, frieze and walls.
Saint Spyridon Church is a Serbian Orthodox church in Trieste, Italy.
The Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist in Rockwood, Spokane, Washington, is the cathedral church of the Episcopal Diocese of Spokane.
It probably came from Boxley Abbey and has been described as "the finest medieval fitting in any parish church in the county".
The church is located in the village Stadsbygd, near the Trondheimsfjord.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Swindon, the archdeaconry of Malmesbury, and the diocese of Bristol.
The small building was constructed in 1915 as "Majavatn misjonshus" and in 1924 it was consecrated as a chapel.
The church is part of the Episcopal Diocese of West Tennessee.
The final stage of extension, including the Gothic style facade and the bell-tower was completed in 1927.
The white, wooden church was built in 1963 by the architect Eyvind Moestue.
St John the Evangelist, Knotty Ash, is a church in the Knotty Ash area of Liverpool, Merseyside, England.
It was built in the Haberberg city district of Königsberg, near the Pregel river, between 1904 and 1907.
St Peter's in the City is a Church of England parish church in the city of Derby, UK.
Holy Trinity Church is in the centre of the town of Warrington, Cheshire, England.
Richmond Green United Reformed Church was a church and congregation in Richmond, London from 1877 until 2015.
It is pastored by former Southern Baptist Convention President, Dr. Johnny M. Hunt.
Near the church door is a large, traditional, font in which babies are baptised.
The church also has a 13th-century font, some memorials from the 18th century, and two 18th-century copper collecting shovels.
The chapel is part of the Lenvik parish in the Senja deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
The Normans rebuilt and lengthened the chancel in around 1238.
The Ivan the Great Bell Tower is a church tower inside the Moscow Kremlin complex.
St. Mary's Church, Brook is a parish church in the Church of England located in Brook, Isle of Wight.
Sacred Heart Church is a Roman Catholic church in Greenwich, Connecticut, part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
The church is situated 7 miles north from Bourne, and in the Aslackby and Laughton parish on the eastern edge the South Kesteven Lincolnshire Vales.
St Mark's Church is in Knutsford Road in the village of Antrobus, Cheshire, England.
(...) on an aisled, cruciform plan with a massive crossing tower.
St Mary’s Church, Ilkeston is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Ilkeston, Derbyshire.
It is considered the archetype of "classical style."
The church was built by the Dutch in 1878.
Allen Hall is the Roman Catholic seminary of the Province of Westminster in Chelsea, London in the London Borough of Kensington and Chelsea.
Frankford Friends Meeting House is a historic Quaker meeting house in the Frankford neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
It is situated on the corner of Gibbet Street and Clarence Street, next to Burdock Way.
British architect Sir William Emerson, who also designed the Victoria Memorial, Kolkata, designed the cathedral in 1871.
The monastery was founded in 1678, in the Principality of Moldavia.
Almost three centuries were to elapse before a relaxation of the Penal Laws permitted the building of a replacement – the current edifice.
The present church was built in 1852 and it seats about 600 people.
It is located in the village of Elvran.
Đakovo Cathedral is the biggest sacral newly built building of Croatian historicism.
Noto Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Noto in Sicily, Italy.
It is located in the city's Old Town, in the south western corner of the market square, called Cathedral Square.
St Mary's Church is in the hamlet of Long Crichel, Dorset, England.
The remains of the church were designated a Grade II listed building on 5 June 1972.
It is located in the village of Lyngseidet.
The red, wooden church was built in 1938, and it seats about 300 people.
The white wooden church was built in 1840 by the architect Hans Linstow.
The Gothic Revival building was designed by Horatio Nelson White and was built in 1876.
The gold-leaf application to such excess is relatively recent.
The construction was sponsored by a wealthy Burmese Buddhist, Sir Po Tha, in 1899.
The small church was built as a chapel in 1920 in Fenes.
The Church of the Holy Trinity, since February 2008 Holy Trinity Cathedral is a Roman Catholic church in Žilina, Slovakia.
The album contains 27 folk tunes from Helgeland, recorded in collaboration with folk musicians from the area.
Christ Church is the oldest church in Newton and the third oldest parish in the Diocese of Newark.
It is a Grade II* listed building and stands on the east side of Church Lane, to the north-east of the village of Harrington.
The church was granted Grade II* listed status in 1966 but has since been upgraded to Grade I.
The church is part of the Budal parish in Midtre Gauldal which is part of the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
Its earliest parts date from about 1210 and it is a Grade I listed building.
This is an opportunity for those attending “The 9.15” to mingle with those arriving for “The 11”.
From 1668 to 1675, St. Stephen's Cathedral was abandoned.
It is located in the village of Oppstryn, on the shore of the lake Oppstrynsvatnet.
St Aldhelm's Chapel is located close to the cliffs of St Adhelm's Head, 108 metres above sea level.
The church was restored in 1903 under the direction of architect Jens Zetlitz Monrad Kielland.
The church is part of the Hoeggen parish in the Strinda deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
Andaw Thein is a temple in Mrauk U located at the northwest corner of the Shite-thaung Temple.
For more details, times of services and opening times , please see the website.
The tiles were replaced by high-gloss granite tiles.
The St. Mary's Cathedral Basilica also St. Mary's Syro-Malabar Catholic Cathedral Basilica, is a cathedral in Kerala, India.
The old parish of Hove was abolished in 1875, and replaced by the new, united, Vik parish.
It is reported that some gold has been removed on occasion to reduce its mass.
St Andrew's Church is in the town of Bebington, Wirral, Merseyside, England.
It was made over 20 years before his death and includes a life-sized skeleton carved in alabaster.
The church was built on January 29, 1893.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
It is a Grade I listed building.
Prescot Parish Church, also known as St Mary's Church, is in the town of Prescot, Merseyside, England.
It is located in the village of Nesflaten.
Once Enryū-ji was completed Motohira ordered an exact copy to be built beside it, Kashō-ji.
St Ann's Church is a Roman Catholic Church located along the northern portion of Aruba island within the Catholic Diocese of Willemstad.
The scholarship program provides scholarships to children and grandchildren of members of Wesley.
It is located in the village of Sæle, on the northern shore of the Sognefjorden.
Above that are three metal balls surmounted by a trident.
OCMS offers taught Masters courses and PhD/MPhil research degrees.
The churches, formerly known as Kew Road Methodist Church and St. Paul’s Congregational Church, have been united since September 1995.
The church is part of the Tranøy parish in the Senja deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Bolton, the archdeaconry of Bolton, and the diocese of Manchester.
Later it was under the Diocese of Shimoga.
Ōtani Hongan-ji Hakodate Betsu-in is a branch temple of Higashi Hongan-ji in Hakodate, Hokkaidō, Japan.
St Dunstan's, Stepney is an Anglican Church which stands on a site that has been used for Christian worship for over a thousand years.
Founded 1909, it is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.
The Cathedral Church of St. Catharine of Siena is the seat of the Diocese of Allentown.
The annual church festival is conducted with the help of residents in the area.
Together with ancient Sugimoto-dera, Hōkai-ji is the only temple of the Tendai denomination in Kamakura.
The current building, 194 Fourth Avenue, was built in 1931.
The church was consecrated in 1932 but not completed until 1938.
George Somers, founder of the colony of Bermuda, is buried under the vestry and the assassinated Bulgarian dissident Georgi Markov is interred in the churchyard.
The Church of St. John Baptist, Cirencester is a parish church in the Church of England in Cirencester.
St John's Church is in the civil parish of Waberthwaite, Cumbria, England.
The Laigh Kirk, Paisley was a congregation of the Church of Scotland and the original Burgh church of Paisley.
It was founded in the High Middle Ages but rebuilt in the late 15th century, with the façade completed in 1517.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester, the archdeaconry of Chester, and the deanery of Malpas.
Its benefice is combined with that of All Saints and St Paul, Crewe.
A small Calvary shrine can be found not far from the church; it was consecrated by the Archbishop of Eger in 1864.
The brown brick church was built in 2000 by the architects Mette and Morten Molden.
The most spectacular sign of it is the 200 years old iconostasis.
The dome is a pictorial representation of Our Lady of Coromoto, patron saint of Venezuela.
It was probably established together with the city around the year 1295.
It was originally built as a Roman Catholic convent by the Order of the Visitation of Holy Mary, whose sisters were commonly called the Visitandines.
Kawasaki Daishi is the popular name of Heiken-ji, a Buddhist temple in Kawasaki, Japan.
The church exterior is made of red brick.
The white, stone church was built in 1939.
It can be reached by land and sea.
The white, wooden church was built in 1927 as a "chapel".
The church stands at the east side of the town, overlooking the River Thames.
It is located in the Sælen neighborhood in the city of Bergen.
The current structure is the fourth church to occupy this site and the third to serve as cathedral for the diocese.
The church stands adjacent to the site of the former Gains Castle, some 4 miles southeast of Stockbridge.
It is also the province's largest parish with an estimated population of about 80,000 parishioners.
The original chapel was constructed in 1913 in Romanesque style, with a base of natural stone and a superstructure of brick.
The cathedral was designed by Ashwinbhai Sanghvi and the glass work was done by Balan.
The white, wooden, octagonal church was built in 1955 by the architect Valdemar Scheel Hansteen.
Portions were ceded to become parts of the parishes of St Peter in 1907, and St. Andrew in 1914.
It was originally called the Örebro Church because it was the only Church of Sweden church building in town until the early 20th century.
The Abbott and guiding teacher is Dae Gak Zen Master.
The church was founded in 1824 as the True Reformed Dutch Church of West New Hempstead and later became known as the Monsey Christian Reformed Church.
St. Thomas Church is a Lutheran church in Leipzig, Germany.
The powerful centric 55-metres high building with five domes has become a prototype Ukrainian baroque architecture of stone five-domed cruciform churches.
The Guadix Cathedral, Cathedral of Guadix, or Cathedral of the Incarnation is a Roman Catholic church in Guadix, province of Granada, Spain.
It was built from 1883 to 1884 and designed by Leonard Stokes.
It is situated on Hill's Terrace between Rochester Street and Maidstone Road, next to Chatham railway station.
The architect Harald Hille designed the church which seats about 420 people.
The church is made up of ministry departments, and among them, several programs of teaching, outreach, service and worship.
This temple served as a branch temple of Kyoto's Shōren-in from the early Edo period to the beginning of the Meiji period.
St. Mark's Coptic Orthodox Church is the first Coptic parish that was built and established in the district of Heliopolis in Cairo, Egypt.
However, overflow crowds and limited parking created tensions with neighbors.
Saint Edward King and Confessor Church is a Roman Catholic church in Clifford, West Yorkshire.
All Saints Church is an Anglican church in the parish of Spofforth and Kirk Deighton in North Yorkshire, England.
Until the French Revolution, it was the church of Lyon Charterhouse.
With 87 metres it is Leipzig's tallest church.
It is located in the village of Leikanger.
St John's Church is in the valley of St John's in the Vale, Cumbria, England.
It is located at the corner of Jay Street and Cathedral Place in Downtown Brooklyn, New York City.
Nowadays the building storages material for the Tyumen Local Historical Museum, but is expected to be returned to the local eparchy in 2019.
The white, wooden church was built in 1892 by the architect Adolph Schirmer.
St Catharine's Church is in Lorne Street, Scholes, Wigan, Greater Manchester, England.
In 1963 the church building was moved a few 100 feet to a more prominent place at the top of Crossroads Hill.
Santa Maria ad Ogni Bene dei Sette Dolori, also known as Santa Maria de Sette Dolori, is a Roman Catholic church in Naples, Italy.
A major tourism destination, the cathedral receives about one million visitors annually.
Immanuel Church is in the village of Feniscowles, near Blackburn, Lancashire, England.
Our Lady of Jasna Gora Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Clinton, Massachusetts, United States.
Newry Cathedral or the Cathedral of Saint Patrick and Saint Colman is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in Newry, Northern Ireland.
Røros Chapel is a chapel in the municipality of Røros in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
For most of its history, it has been identified with the High Church or Anglo-Catholic tradition within Anglicanism.
Originally mass was celebrated in Immaculate Conception Parish in Salem, and as the Polish immigrants to Salem grew, its own church was needed.
The chapel is part of the Storfjord parish in the Nord-Troms deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
St Mark's is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Washwood Heath, Birmingham.
St. Mark's Church, Harrogate is a parish church in the Church of England located in Harrogate.
St Peter's Church is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Offord D'Arcy, Cambridgeshire, England.
The towers were originally planned to be topped with dramatic 160-foot steeples, but due to lack of funds, these were never built.
Its feast is celebrated every August 29 known as the Martyrdom of St. John the Baptist.
In 1996, Burma's Archaeological Department reconstructed the monastery with prison labor.
St Hermes’ Church, St Erme is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England Diocese of Truro in St Erme, Cornwall, England, UK.
It became an Orthodox cathedral in 1989.
St Paul's Church, also known as Hadsten Church, is a Danish church located in Hadsten, Denmark.
The temple's proximity to foreign consulates in Guangzhou has made it a regular destination for families participating in the international adoption of children from China.
The STBC-Centenary Baptist Church now has a current membership of more than 3000 members.
The basis of the groundplan is the scheme of the classic three-aisled cross-basilica, i.e.
St Leonard's Church is a redundant church in Spernall, Warwickshire, England.
It is considered to be a megachurch.
Founded as a chapel for the Jesuit Order; it was enlarged during 1666-1673 under designs by Tommaso Carrere.
English Heritage has listed the church at Grade II for its architectural and historical importance.
The church is located in the centre of Ickenham, at the intersection of Swakeleys Road and Long Lane.
It belongs to Mora Parish of the Church of Sweden.
Its general appearance is "long, low and massive".
A Culdee settlement of Celtic monks existed prior to the 12th Century.
The church is part of the Anglo-Catholic movement.
It was officially organized November 30, 1873.
The choir dates from the middle of the 14th century and replaced an earlier choir, half the size of the present one.
Syvde Church is a parish church in Vanylven Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
The church is part of the Vikna parish in the Namdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
He had previously been the centre of controversy when he burned pages from the King James Bible as part of an "art experiment".
Their first scheduled event in November 2013 was the Royal Town Gala Concert, hosted by Don Maclean.
It is located about twenty kilometers upstream from Banja Luka in the Republic of Srpska.
From 1980 until January 2013, its senior pastor was John Piper.
The church is part of the Hustad parish in the Molde arch-deanery in the Diocese of Møre.
The temple's interior is bricked up for unknown reasons, thus only the four porches and the outer corridors are accessible.
A spiral stairway from the northwest front vestibule to the parlors over the lecture room is an original feature of the building.
In 1938 the Ormond Quay congregation merged with the Abbey Street congregation.
It is one of the few churches in the area that were not harmed during World War II.
It is a parish church within the Church of Denmark servicing a parish population of 7.515.
The church was closed in the French Revolution and later given to a Protestant congregation which continues its ministry to the present.
St Nicholas is a nationally important building, with a Grade I listing for its exceptional architectural interest.
The church was sited just to the north of the junction of the High Street and Silver Street and close to the Guildhall and Stonebow Lincoln.
It currently serves as one of two Catholic churches in Taunton, along with the Church of St Teresa's.
Alexander Nevsky Cathedral has not been aligned with the Patriarch of Moscow since the Russian Revolution.
St. Stanislaus Parish, designated for Polish immigrants in New Haven, Connecticut, United States, was founded on December 28, 1901.
The church is timber-framed and is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
Narvik Church is the main parish church in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county, Norway.
The Church of St Peter, St Paul and St John, is the parish church of Llantrisant, Monmouthshire, Wales.
The church is part of the Tveit parish in the Vesthordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
The Saint Leonard's Church in Zoutleeuw, Belgium, stands on the former site of a Romanesque chapel erected in 1125 by Benedictines from Vlierbeek Abbey near Leuven.
It was declared as an important historical structure by the National Historical Institute with the placing of a historical marker in 1986.
It is located in the village of Hol i Tjeldsund.
St James with Holy Trinity Church is in Seamer Road, Scarborough, North Yorkshire, England.
St Paul's Church is in Brook Street, Macclesfield, Cheshire, England.
In 1854 Leighton became a separate parish and in 1874 Trelystan also became a parish.
The Catedral Del Espiritu Santo is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Nuevo Laredo.
The church is part of the Vaksdal parish in the Hardanger og Voss deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
St Columba's Church is one of the two London congregations of the Church of Scotland.
It is part of the Church of England and the Anglican Communion and, locally, is a member of Churches Together in Kew.
The church is situated at the addresses 4 Klostera Street and 2 Mazaja Pils Street.
The height of indoor nave is 16 m and tower reaches a height of 71 meters.
Other notable features are the serpentine pulpit and the font, which dates to the fifteenth century.
The day following the founding of Wesley, the first Quarterly Conference of the new church was held.
Here is buried king Victor Emmanuel III of Italy.
It was designed by E. W. Pugin, and built in 1865–67 with an aisle added in 1875.
The cornerstones for the church were set on March 6, 1854.
English Heritage lists the church at Grade I for its architectural and historical importance.
The ground before the altar of the church is paved with a number of fine ledger slabs of members of the Rabett and Nelson families.
The church is home to Meg's Toybox, the major toy library for North Canberra, and the Stepping Stones for Life disability support organisation.
Although St Edern established a church in the area in the 6th century, the oldest parts of the present building date from the 14th century.
The church was originally a Roman Catholic church dedicated to Saint John the Baptist but became a Protestant church after the protestant reformation.
It is the cathedral or seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pasig, belonging to the Vicariate of the Immaculate Conception.
St Matthew’s Church, Pentrich is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Pentrich, Derbyshire.
The church and a stately home, Stanmer House, stand outside the village but within the park's boundaries.
The white, wooden church was built in 1885 by the architect Hartvig Sverdrup Eckhoff.
The campuses together with church online average over 30,000 in attendance each weekend.
The Church was declared a national monument on the list of national monuments in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The cathedral is named for Saint Peter the Apostle.
Dhammayangyi Temple is a Buddhist temple located in Bagan, Myanmar.
The current building dates from the 19th century.
It is a Grade II listed building and surviving parts of the structure date back to the Middle Ages.
St Giles’ Church, Sandiacre is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Sandiacre, Derbyshire.
In 1403 Ladislaus of Naples ordered the painting of a cycle of Saint Ladislaus' legend in the church.
The purpose of the Task Force was to address the Court Order Decision for a new Kealing Junior High School in the Austin community.
The white, wooden chapel has 120 seats and was built as a bedehus in 1928.
The church was restored in 1825, a vestry added in 1855, the tower restored in 1894 and the spire removed in 1975.
In 1922 it resumed its strategy of providing education, which resulted in an increase in conversions.
The church is part of the Nordkapp parish in the Hammerfest deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
It stands high above the old town, just below Scarborough Castle.
The small wooden church was built in 1899 on the little island of Storsørøya in the middle of the Helligvær islands.
Oppheim Church is a parish church in Voss municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
The white, wooden church was designed by Rasmus M. Overrein and built in 1878.
Hordabø Church is a parish church in Radøy municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
The wooden baptismal font has seven edges.
The cathedral is located at 9844 Woodward Avenue in Detroit, Michigan, adjacent to Detroit's Boston-Edison Historic District.
The church is part of the Førresfjorden parish in the Haugaland deanery in the Diocese of Stavanger.
Its titular is St. Anthony of Padua, whose feast is celebrated every June 13.
It is an Anglican Parish Church in the Diocese of Leicester and is designated by Historic England as a Grade II* listed building.
The church is part of the Eksingedal parish in the Hardanger og Voss deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
St. George's Anglican Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Anglican church building located at 216 Main Street in Parrsboro, Nova Scotia, Canada.
It is situated on the Ballina to Ballycastle road in the small coastal village of Killala, County Mayo, Ireland, in the ecclesiastical province of Armagh.
It is situated 4 miles north-east of Grantham, and 1 mile east of High Dyke, part of the old Ermine Street Roman road.
The building was designed by Andreas Clemmesen and completed in 1893.
Marie Church is a Roman Catholic church on the West Side of Manchester, New Hampshire in the United States.
The Cathedral Church of St. Flannan, Killaloe is a cathedral of the Church of Ireland in Killaloe, County Clare in Ireland.
It was classified as historical monument by the government of Quebec on May 12, 1988.
St. John the Baptist is a Roman Catholic church in New Bedford, Massachusetts, part of the Diocese of Fall River.
All Saints' Church is an Anglican Church and the parish church of Pitsford.
As the mother church of the Diocese of Marquette, it is one of the most notable marks of Catholic presence in the Upper Peninsula.
In addition to daily zazen, weekend and week retreats, study sessions and related workshops are offered.
The St Patrick's Basilica or Oamaru Basilica, as it is popularly known because of its style of architecture, is a Catholic church in Oamaru, New Zealand.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester, the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Middlewich.
The monumental Pipe organ was built in 1853 by L. van Dam & Zn.
The church is 40 meters long and interior width is 14.5 m.
Bethesda Episcopal Church is an Episcopal Church in Saratoga Springs, New York.
Dunkeld Cathedral is a Church of Scotland place of worship which stands on the north bank of the River Tay in Dunkeld, Perth and Kinross, Scotland.
It is located in the Nesttun neighborhood of Fana in the city of Bergen.
St Kentigern's Church,, is in the village of Caldbeck, Cumbria, England.
The church was notable for the frescoes created in the 14th century.
Isaiah Church is a Lutheran church in the Østerbro district of Copenhagen, Denmark.
Though founded much earlier, the present building dates from at least the 14th century.
It is headquartered in Aizawl at Chawlhhmun, where its Solomon's Temple is located.
It is located on the west side of Hommelstø in Velfjord.
Most of the old town was destroyed by fire, not unlike the Great Fire of London in 1666.
St. Mary's Coptic Orthodox Church Massarra is a Coptic Orthodox church located in Shubra District, Cairo, Egypt.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
Henry Frith of Gloucester carved the capitals of the columns, which portray twelve different kinds of English plants.
The Cathedral of Saint Joseph is the Mother Church for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Jefferson City in Missouri.
There are two suggested origins for its full name.
Vats Church is a parish church in Vindafjord municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.
The white, wooden church was built in 1916 by the architect Ole Havnæs, and the building was consecrated on 18 August 1916.
It stands close to the castle of the same name as the village, which was built to command this part of the Welsh Marches.
St Mary the Virgin's Church is a redundant Anglican church near the village of Little Bromley, Essex, England.
At this time, Merriam donated several stained glass windows, including one over the altar depicting Jesus Christ in the Garden of Gethsemane.
The bell is inscribed with the year of its casting, 1582.
The churchyard is designated as a Scheduled ancient monument.
Muhudu Maha Vihara is a Buddhist temple situated at Pottuvil in Ampara District, Eastern province of Sri Lanka.
This was replaced in 1712 with the building that still stands today.
It is the only remaining church that was once part of the True Reformed Dutch Church.
Holy Trinity Church, Trowbridge, is a Grade II* listed 19th-century Church of England church in Trowbridge, Wiltshire, England, which had parish church status until 2011.
Its English Gothic architecture and the giant HIV/AIDS Red Ribbon on the bell-tower have made it a prominent landmark in Hollywood.
Sacred Heart of Jesus School is located at 456 West 52nd Street.
It is located adjacent to Rizal Shrine and is known as the christening site of José Rizal.
The Church of St Mary of the Purification, Blidworth is a parish church in the Church of England in Blidworth, Nottinghamshire.
They built a church only a few yards away from the Milagres Cathedral.
Malm Church is a parish church in the municipality of Verran in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
It was built on the eastern side of Rikitea between 1839 and 1848 by missionaries of the Congregation of the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary.
The author of this paiting is Michael Leopold Willmann.
Genevieve Deanery of the Archdiocese of St. Louis.
Since being built in 1972, it has become one of Ko Samui's main tourist attractions and a major landmark.
St George the Martyr's Church, Truro is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Truro, Cornwall.
It is located in the village of Vassås.
Further major rebuilding work took place in the 13th century and in the 14th century the church's prominent tower was constructed.
It is part of the Bjugn parish in the Fosen deanery which is a part of the Diocese of Nidaros.
St Mary's Chapel of Ease, also known as "The Black Church", is a former chapel in Dublin, Ireland.
At the same time, St. James's Church ceased to be a parish church.
St Mary's Church is the Church of England parish church of Haddenham, Buckinghamshire.
A variety of ethnic and religious backgrounds contributes to the church's reputation for being open and welcoming.
All Saints Church is an Anglican church in the parish of Spofforth and Kirk Deighton in North Yorkshire, England.
Belonging to the Örebro Olaus Petri Parish of the Church of Sweden, it was opened on Fourth Advent Sunday 1912.
It is located in the village of Leland.
It is one of the Catholic pilgrimage centres in India dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary.
The Church of Saint John the Baptist is on the corner of West Derby Road and Green Lane, in Tuebrook, Liverpool, England.
The Dream Center is a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization.
The Shai-thaung Temple is a famous temple in Mrauk U.
The first church was a stave church that was probably built in the 13th century.
Lønset Church is a parish church in the municipality of Oppdal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
St Paul's Church is a parish church of the Church in Wales located in Newport, South Wales in the Diocese of Monmouth.
It is dedicated to Saint Martin of Tours.
It is believed that St. Thomas held prayer at this church when he landed in Kerala.
The cathedral's construction began in 1867, but was completed only in the second half of the twentieth century.
The Cathedral of the Birth of Mary in Trebinje is one of four Roman Catholic cathedrals in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
It is located in the village of Askje on the island of Mosterøy.
Construction began in 1934 and was completed in October, 1935.
At the time of its construction, St. Gabriel's was one of the most costly houses of worship in the region.
It is one of the 10 royal temples of the highest class in Bangkok.
The Church of the Annunciation is an Anglican church in Brighton, part of the English city of Brighton and Hove.
At the end of the twenties the Church was closed.
The white wooden church was built in 1937 and it seats about 150 people.
Ålesund Church is a parish church in Ålesund Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
The bells have played a version of the Westminster Chimes every 15 minutes since 1941.
St Bridget's Church is on the north side of the A595 road in the village of Calder Bridge, near Beckermet, Cumbria, England.
The Uttararama was where Parakramabahu I held a congregation of monks to purify the Buddhist priesthood, and later drew up a code of conduct for them.
Two services are offered each Sunday from September through June, and one service during July and August.
The church is part of the Rennesøy parish in the Tungenes deanery in the Diocese of Stavanger.
It can be found on Belvoir Road, just south of the town centre.
Three years later, the parish had its own initially Gothic church dedicated to St. Joseph.
St Aidan's Church, Caythorpe is a Chapel of Ease in the Church of England in Caythorpe, Nottinghamshire.
In 1982 a new wing, Klostergården, was added to the church with an office and recreational facilities for youth preparing for confirmation.
St. Nicholas' Church is the Anglican parish church of West Itchenor, a village in the Chichester district of West Sussex, United Kingdom.
The official German name is Hoher Dom Ss.
Leirbotn Church is a parish church in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.
The late Gothic church with a quintuple closed choir was built in the late 15th century.
St. Laurence’s Church, Long Eaton, is a Grade II* listed parish church in Long Eaton, England.
The United Church, Nilokheri is the one of the two Protestant Churches in Nilokheri, it is the only CNI Church in the area.
is the present Archbishop of Cáceres, while Rev Noe P. Badiola was appointed rector in 2011.
Reverend Benjamin Stewart of Chatham, Ontario proposed that the AME churches in the United Canadas separate from the U.S. association and form their own church.
Michael Wollman, who was hired in October 2013.
The church is a member of the Congregational Federation and has an active membership of around 40 people.
Church of St Nicholas in Mirkovci is Serbian Orthodox church in eastern Croatia.
It is located in the village of Fiksdal in western Vestnes.
The church is located at 2226 North Hoyne Avenue.
Ripon College Cuddesdon is a Church of England theological college in Cuddesdon, a village 5.5 miles outside Oxford, England.
The church is part of the Nordsida parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
Trinity Anglican Church is the oldest stone church in Waterloo Region.
Wells has been described as "unquestionably one of the most beautiful" and as "the most poetic" of English cathedrals.
Our Lady of the Rosary Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Springfield, Massachusetts, United States.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Birkenhead, the archdeaconry of Chester, and the diocese of Chester.
The Evangelical Fellowship of Thailand is a national evangelical alliance, member of the World Evangelical Alliance.
It is one of the few medieval churches left in the City of London, having survived the Great Fire of 1666.
Paróquia Nossa Senhora Aparecida dos Ferroviários is a church located in São Paulo, Brazil.
There are more than 2000 families in this parish and it is one of the largest Christian parishes in Kerala.
This is one of 24 buildings on the Monmouth Heritage Trail and is Grade II* listed.
By the early 20th century, the church had fallen into disrepair and was being used as an animal shelter by a local farmer.
The white concrete church was built in 1953 and seats about 120 people.
This statue, possibly depicting the Hungarian king Stephen I, most likely dates to the period from 1225 to 1237.
The church is part of the Vevring parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
St. Jetmund Church was located in the village of Åheim, along the inner part of the Vanylvsfjorden.
The first pastor of the Bethel was Jabez Wiltshire.
Annunciation Church, was a Catholic parish church in Cleveland, Ohio and part of the Diocese of Cleveland.
The basilica is under the circumscription of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Valleyfield.
St Berres' Church, Llanferres, is in the village of Llanferres, Denbighshire, Wales on the A494 road between Mold and Ruthin.
The church is named after Anderson, a Scottish missionary who founded the mission of the Free Church of Scotland at Madras, India.
Its benefice is united with those of St Mark, Preston, and St Andrew, Ashton-on-Ribble, to form the benefice of the West Preston Team.
When Kaarina became its own parish, the church changed its name to St. Catherine's Church.
The Protestant church of Oudega or Saint Agnes church is a religious building in Oudega, Netherlands, one of the many medieval churches in Friesland.
The church was built by the architect Arnstein Arneberg, and it seats about 800 people.
St Saviour’s Church, Norwich is a Grade I listed redundant parish church in the Church of England in Norwich.
St John the Baptist's Church is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Sutterby, Lincolnshire, England.
He largely rebuilt the body of the church in yellow brick with stone dressings and perpendicular windows.
The choir was rebuilt at the end of the 18th century.
The Book of Remembrance nearby records all those who served in the two world wars and also those who died.
Mr Neill served the church until 1953 when he was called to Cranhill in Glasgow.
Lavik Church is a parish church in Høyanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
It is located in the village of Kvam, along the lake Snåsavatnet.
It one of the largest Eastern Orthodox cathedrals in the world.
The Protestant church of Hantumhuizen or Saint Anne's church is a religious building in Hantumhuizen, Netherlands, one of the many medieval churches in Friesland.
Accordingly, St. Joseph's Church in Prospect Heights was named co-cathedral for the diocese in 2013.
Kawmein Pagoda is a pagoda in Myitkyina, Myanmar.
Đakovo Cathedral was built in 4 years, and another 12 years was spent decorating the inside.
Since 1996 St Mary Magdalene's has been part of the Richmond Team Ministry, which also includes the churches of St John the Divine and St Matthias.
St Matthew's, Bethnal Green, is an 18th-century church in Bethnal Green, London, England.
The Oostkerk is a Protestant church in Middelburg.
Therefore, it is also known as the St. Nicholas's Chapter Church.
The Église Saint-Vincent-de-Paul is a Roman Catholic church in Marseille, France.
Soon after, the residents wanted to use it as a chapel.
The church is part of the Fyllingsdalen parish in the Fana deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
Its benefice is united with that of Holy Innocents, Tuck Hill.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Appleby, the archdeaconry of Carlisle, and the diocese of Carlisle.
It is the seat of the Episcopal Diocese of West Missouri.
St Marks's is the parish church of Great Wyrley, South Staffordshire, England.
The Cathedral Church of St. Luke is an Episcopal cathedral in Orlando, Florida, United States.
St Thomas Church is an Anglican Church which is also known as the Church of Bangladesh .
The building was finally demolished in 1966.
It is a parish church in the Åby Parish along with Åby Church and serves some 11.000 parish members.
Romsey Abbey is a parish church of the Church of England in Romsey, a market town in Hampshire, England.
Campion House was a Roman catholic college run by the Society of Jesus in the Archdiocese of Westminster.
Villa Saint Martin is a centre in Ignatian spirituality run by the Society of Jesus in Montreal.
It is the parish church of the Rectorial Benefice of Hawarden in the deanery of Hawarden, the archdeaconry of Wrexham, and the diocese of St Asaph.
That original structure had itself been erected on the site of some Roman baths.
At that time a pastoral measure was passed naming Revd Jonathan March as the new parish priest.
Valestrand Church is a parish church in Sveio municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
Holy Cross is a Church of England parish church in Bearsted, Kent begun in the 13th century.
It was renovated by Josué Smith Solar in 1932.
The geographic remit of the Archdiocese includes half of County Galway, half of County Mayo and part of County Roscommon.
Fulda Cathedral is the former abbey church of Fulda Abbey and the burial place of Saint Boniface.
Bellevue's goals are to "Love God, Love People, Share Jesus, and Make Disciples."
St Cuthbert's Church is an Anglican church in Churchtown, Merseyside, a village that is now a suburb of Southport in the English county of Merseyside.
The church is part of the Fauske parish in the Salten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland.
By a series of excavations conducted in 1976, 1996, and 1997, part of the remains of the temple has been confirmed.
The white, wooden church was built in 1904 by the architect Tengesdal.
St. Mary the Virgin is the local Church of England parish church for Brampton Ash, Northamptonshire.
It is located on the east side of the village of Bjørnli, near Løkken Verk.
In 1539 the east end of the church was destroyed along with most of the monastic buildings, but the main body of the church was preserved.
Though was destroyed by the flooding of the Kamo River, it was rebuilt as an offshoot of Enryaku-ji, a nearby temple.
The Emerald Buddha, a dark green statue, is in a standing form, about 66 centimetres tall, carved from a single jade stone.
Volunteers from the congregation participate in over forty ministries, ranging from feeding the homeless in New York City to staffing an orphanage in South Africa.
The church is part of the Sørli parish in the Namdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
In May 2016 First Church changed locations to Wheatfield, IN.
In 1080, a new church was built adjacent to the old church.
In 1906, again in faith, a tender of £2750 was accepted for the erection of a new church.
Sandals Church is a multi-site church in Riverside, California, that was founded by Pastor Matt Brown and his wife, Tammy, in 1997.
Thus, the name Rankoth Vehera can be roughly translated to English as "Gold Pinnacled Stupa".
The Parish served the English-speaking community, most members came from the growing Irish population of Cincinnati.
St Mary's Church, Derwen, is a redundant church in the centre of the village of Derwen, Denbighshire, Wales.
Jōdo Shinshū is a school of Pure Land Buddhism, and today Nishi Hongan-ji serves as the head temple of the Jōdo Shinshū organization.
Mr James Mist took up the position of Director of Music in July 2015.
The Vihara was the first Sri Lankan Buddhist monastery to be established outside Asia.
In 2001, it was declared as a National Cultural Treasure Church by the National Commission for Culture and the Arts.
St. Ann's Cathedral is a Catholic cathedral in Great Falls, Montana, United States.
The church is autonomous and independent of any denominational control.
The church has a unique, large, octagonal shaped steeple that is not in proportion with the rest of the small building.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
St Nicholas Parish Church is a category B listed building and Church of Scotland place of worship in the town centre of Lanark, South Lanarkshire, Scotland.
Chilgol Church is one of the two Protestant churches in North Korea and is located on Kwangbok Street, Kwangbok in west Pyongyang.
Especially notable are carvings by Ole Sunde of Seattle and by Arcangelo Cascieri and Adio diBaccari of Boston, Mass.
The Centre exists to aid church leaders.
She had inherited a large sum of money from her brothers, both soldiers.
St Peter’s Church, Spring Hill is a Grade B listed former Church of England parish church in Birmingham.
It is located in the St. Mildred's quarter of the historic city centre.
De Krijtberg Kerk is a Roman Catholic church in Amsterdam, located at the Singel.
The white, concrete church was built in 1975.
It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
Father Émile Petitot, "renowned ethnologist, linguist and geographer of the Canadian northwest" was a resident of the mission from 1864 to 1878.
The church had undergone many repairs and reconstruction, with the last reconstruction done in the 1950s.
The white, octagonal, wooden church was built in 1838.
The Norwegian Institute for Cultural Heritage Research used dendrochronology to date part of the roof construction to 1265 or 1266.
The church was reopened on December 6, 2011 to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
Eventually after a meeting was held to allay concerns, and critical publicity began to decry the objections, the program went ahead.
Due to the inventory of the church, it has been listed as a rijksmonument, making it a national heritage site of the Netherlands.
St Joan of Arc Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Farnham, Surrey.
The pulpit was installed in 1660 and the organ built in 1797.
Nesseby Church is a parish church in Nesseby Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.
It is located in the village of Gibostad.
The church housed one of the earliest printing presses in the Philippines, established in 1608 by Father Francisco Blancas de San Jose, O.P.
Rendered mainly in the Gothic style, the building in its oldest parts shows traces of the Romanesque.
The chapel was used for regular services on Sunday evenings.
The construction of the church started in 1220.
The church is dedicated to St Michael the Archangel, in earlier times it was also dedicated to St Mary as well.
It is a Romanesque church from c. 1200 with a 13th-century tower build out of red brick.
Asbury First presents an annual concert series featuring regional musicians and national touring groups.
Similar compositions appear in the Latomou Monastery in Thessaloniki.
For a long time, the year 1678 was believed to be the year of the construction, but it probably dates from about 1610.
The Antipolo Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in Antipolo City, Rizal in the Philippines.
The eastern end is a hall church in which the aisles are the same height as the Choir and share the Lierne vaults.
It began functioning as a cathedral in 1964.
However, when EECM built a new building elsewhere in East Liberty, ELPC no longer housed any of these projects.
Other notable donors included Ray Gravell and Julia Ormond.
It was designed by Christian Schroder, and is oblong in shape.
Anderson Church is one of the oldest churches in Parry's Corner area of Chennai, the capital of the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Brighton's dates from the previous decade, and is centrally located in Queensbury Mews, a small street just behind Brighton seafront and next to the Metropole Hotel.
An earlier dedication to St Peter de Vetere Ponte is now lost, like the bridge over the Adur from which it took this ancient name.
John's Lane Church opened in 1874 on the site of St. John's Hospital.
St. Jude’s Church is a parish church of the Church of England in Mapperley, Nottinghamshire.
Wat Pa Sak's origins date back to the 13th or 14th centuries.
The construction of the cathedral began in the mid-17th century and it opened in 1657.
Holy Trinity Church is in the village of Holdgate, Shropshire, England.
The Saint Joseph the Worker Cathedral commonly known as the Saint Joseph Cathedral is a Roman Catholic church in San Jose, Occidental Mindoro, Philippines.
The present-chapel is located next to the main cemetery for the town of Narvik and therefore the chapel is mostly used for funerals.
The parish of Oulu was divided into smaller parishes in 1966 and the chapel in Tuira was inaugurated as a church.
The church draws active members from as far away as Dayton, Ohio and Northern Kentucky.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Knutsford, the archdeaconry of Macclesfield, and the diocese of Chester.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Liverpool, the archdeaconry of Warrington and the deanery of Warrington.
The Church of Our Lady of Hope, also known as "Nossa Senhora Da Esperança" is a Roman Catholic church in the Diocese of Cochin.
All Saints Church is located in Elizabeth Street, Preston, Lancashire, England.
It is situated on Hartshill Road close to the junction with Shelton Old Road, south of Queensway, in the centre of the city.
St Peter and St Paul’s Church, Old Brampton is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Brampton, Derbyshire.
Penallt Old Church is located just outside the village of Penallt, Monmouthshire, Wales.
The church is part of the Onarheim parish in the Sunnhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
St. George's Anglican Church was designated as a National Historic Site of Canada in 1990.
In the 1870s, the church was reconstructed by adding a bell tower above the narthex and a central dome.
The Grace Gospel Chapel is an LGBT friendly Evangelical Christian church located in the Ballard neighborhood of Seattle, Washington.
The First African Methodist Episcopal Church of Los Angeles is a megachurch in Los Angeles, California, United States, part of the African Methodist Episcopal Church.
In the 19th century, the Theatine order was suppressed and the church turned over in administrations.
Euxton Parish Church is in the English village of Euxton in the borough of Chorley, Lancashire.
The church structure is protected as a category A listed building.
It has been a Lutheran parish church since the Reformation.
A mostly intact octagonal chapterhouse dates from the major enlargement after the fire of 1270.
Saint Padarn's Church is a parish church of the Church in Wales, and the largest mediaeval church in mid-Wales.
St Andrew's Church is a Church of England parish church in Walsall, West Midlands.
The marble icons are in the Neo-Russian style.
There was an older church, dedicated to St. Arch.
St. Catherine's Lutheran Church, also known as Biķeri or Biķernieki church for its location, is a Lutheran church in Riga, the capital of Latvia.
According to tradition, it was founded by En no Gyōja, who propagated a form of mountain asceticism drawing from Shinto and Buddhist beliefs.
The church was built to replace an older building dating back to 1766.
Storied virtuoso concert performer Virgil Fox was organist at Brown Memorial early in his career.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
Motoyama-ji is temple No.70 in the Shikoku Pilgrimage.
In addition to regular services, the church has the vegetarian restaurant KASVIS-ravintola, serving a lunch buffet.
St Mary's Church is a Roman Catholic church in Lanark, South Lanarkshire, Scotland.
The church site is located on Kirkebakken 17, just east of Fylkesvei 356.
It is located in the town of Mo i Rana.
Udland Church is a parish church in Haugesund municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.
The Bennecarrigan Free Church is a place of worship of the Free Church of Scotland in Kilmory, on the island of Arran, Scotland.
It is located in the village of Tveitevåg on the western side of the island of Askøy.
St Thomas Church, Crookes is an ecumenical church with united Anglican and Baptist traditions, in Sheffield, England, in Crookes.
It is located in the village of Olden at the north end of the Oldedalen valley.
The white wooden church was built in 1796 and it seats about 250 people.
The church stands at the highest point in the village to the east of Ermine Street, now the A10 road, between Royston and Buntingford.
A modern stone plaque located at the site of the former church's altar is the only visible remain of this structure.
Built in honour of John Fielden, a local mill owner and a social reformer, the church was completed in 1869.
Ranheim Church is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
St Bartholomew's Church is in the village of Chipping, Lancashire, England.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
This church closed in 1969 and for a while housed the Hampshire Record Office.
Under Communism the monastery site was nationalised in 1944 and the religious community disbanded in 1965.
St Michael's Church is in Giantswood Lane, Hulme Walfield, Cheshire, England.
The church is part of the Bodin parish in the Bodø deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland.
According to legend, Kiyomizu-dera was founded in the Heian period by Sakanoue no Tamuramaro, the first shogun of Japan.
The church was rebuilt in stone over a century later in 1868, to a robust Gothic design by C.G.
It was founded on a riverside site by Anglo-Saxons at the start of the 10th century, possibly on the site of a 5th-century predecessor.
It is a constituent member of the Christ Church Cathedral, Dublin Parish Group alongside St. Michan's Church, Dublin and St. Werburgh's Church, Dublin.
In 2010/11 a five-year plan to renovate the church building commenced:
The church stands to the east of the village, between the A1 road and the East Coast Main Line.
The church is part of the Skatval parish in the Stjørdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
Askje Church is a parish church in Rennesøy municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.
The parish is part of Diocese of Bath and Wells.
St Mary Magdalen's Church is a Roman Catholic church in the Montpelier area of Brighton, part of the English city of Brighton and Hove.
St Mark's Church, Brithdir, is a redundant church in the hamlet of Brithdir, Gwynedd, Wales.
St Andrew's Church is an Anglican Church and the parish church of Arthingworth.
The white wooden chapel was built in 1967.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
Architecturally it is outstanding both for its scale and stylistic details.
This stone chapel was built in 1869 around 500 m from the border with Russia.
Although it was founded in the Anglo-Saxon period, its architecture is mainly Norman, following a rebuilding in the 12th century.
The present church is the third church to be located here.
It was built in 1422-1423 by St. Nikon of Radonezh to "honour and praise" the founder of the Trinity Lavra monastery St. Sergius of Radonezh.
The iron railings around the churchyard are from the early 19th century.
Chester Cathedral is a Church of England cathedral and the mother church of the Diocese of Chester.
The white wooden church was built in 1893 and was consecrated on 17 July 1893.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Whalley, the archdeaconry of Blackburn, and the Diocese of Blackburn.
Dogapsa is a Buddhist temple in South Jeolla Province in Yeongam County, South Korea.
Saint Sophia Greek Orthodox Cathedral is a Greek Orthodox church built in 1952, in what was then the Greek section of Central Los Angeles, California.
The chapel is part of the Alta parish in the Alta deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Mottram, the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the diocese of Chester.
The project was overseen by Reverend J.
The Church of St Matthias is an Anglican place of worship in Malvern Link, England.
Cracks have already appeared in the foundation, and some of the church's falling decor has been found in neighboring areas.
The church is dedicated to St. John the Evangelist.
Christianity Today called Redeemer "one of Manhattan's most vital congregations."
All Saints' Church is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Thurgarton, Norfolk, England.
St. Michael's Churchyard is the church and graveyard located in Mickleham, Surrey, England, belonging to the Church of England parish of Mickleham.
The building is now used as an Arts Theatre.
The church is part of the Bø og Malnes parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland.
Its benefice is united with that of St Giles-with-Sutton, Shrewsbury.
The remainder of the tower was demolished in March 2012.
The Ascension of The Lord, Lavender Hill, is an Anglican church in the Anglo-Catholic tradition, situated on Lavender Hill, in Battersea, South West London.
Corpus Christi Church is a Roman Catholic church in Boscombe, on the outskirts of Bournemouth in Dorset.
Its stained glass windows were crafted by the St. Louis glazier Emil Frei, Sr.
St Mary's Church is in the village of Acton Burnell, Shropshire, England, and stands near the ruins of Acton Burnell Castle.
St James’ Church, Shardlow is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Shardlow, Derbyshire.
Since 1910, the church has been preserved as a historic site and is occasionally used for religious services or weddings.
The small white chapel was built in 1908 at the site of the new parish cemetery.
St. John's Church is a church located next to Sankt Hans Torv in the heart of the Nørrebro district of Copenhagen, Denmark.
The annual burial ceremony on 21 April in turn draws tens of thousands of worshippers.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester, the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Congleton.
It is located in the village of Dønnesfjord.
Basil the Great Parish is located in Kimberton, PA, near Phoenixville.
St Denys' Church is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Little Barford, Bedfordshire, England.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Blackburn, the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the deanery of Kirkham.
The church is built in red brick and Bath stone in the Decorated Gothic style and is a Grade II listed building.
The Cathedral is richly carved including the four evangelists and their personal symbols.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester, the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Malpas.
Mount Rosary Church is a Roman Catholic church situated in Kallianpur in the Udupi district of India.
It includes the Entrance, Hall of Great Heroes, Zazen room, and dining room, etc.
It is one of the oldest buildings in Stockholm, parts of it dating to the late 13th century, when it was built as a greyfriars monastery.
The church is part of the Nordkapp parish in the Hammerfest deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
The boundary walls are of random stone but the gate piers are of ashlar sandstone, supporting cast-iron gates.
St Mary's Church is the Anglican parish church of the Hampden Park suburb of Eastbourne, a town and borough in the English county of East Sussex.
St Mungo's Church is in the village of Dearham, Cumbria, England.
Its interior was decorated by ceiling frescos by Joseph Ignatz Sadler, and its paintings, by Ignatz Viktorin Raab and Felix Ivo Leicher.
Rinnō-ji is a complex of 15 Buddhist temple buildings in the city of Nikkō, Tochigi Prefecture, Japan.
The church was built in the 12th and 13th centuries and has an unrestored 17th and 18th century interior.
The Baroque style church was built in 1588 with the patronage of Anna Mendoza Marchesa della Valle, who donated the church to the Jesuits.
It is located at the eastern tip of the island of Sekken which sits in Romsdal Fjord.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Bowden, the archdeaconry of Macclesfield, and the diocese of Chester.
The Church of St Agnes and St Pancras is in Ullet Road, Toxteth Park, Liverpool, England.
It is located in the Olsvik neighborhood in the city of Bergen.
Imsland Church is a parish church in Vindafjord municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.
The church was established in the 17th century.
It serves as the national cathedral of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America, and as the episcopal seat of Archbishop Demetrios of America.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Knutsford, the archdeaconry of Macclesfield, and the diocese of Chester.
Hebron Church is an evangelical church in Long Ashton, North Somerset, near Bristol in England, was first founded in 1934 by Ernest Dyer.
St Peter and St Paul's Church, Upton is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Upton, Newark and Sherwood, Nottinghamshire.
Songdhammakalyani Monastery is a temple and monastery of Bhikkhuni in Nakhon Pathom, Thailand.
First mentioned in 1225 the church was destroyed in the Great Fire of London and rebuilt after some pressure by Sir Christopher Wren in 1673.
Christ Church is an Elim Pentecostal Church in Station Road, Ellesmere Port, Cheshire, England.
St Ann's Church is a Grade I listed building.
St. Andrew's Scots Church, sometimes known as the Church of Scotland, is a 19th-century church in Valletta, Malta.
Christ Church Cathedral is the seat of the Episcopal Diocese of Lexington and is located at 166 Market Street, Lexington, Kentucky.
St Peter's Church is in the village of Rylstone, North Yorkshire, England.
Holy Cross Church is in Woodchurch, an area of Birkenhead, Wirral, Merseyside, England.
Further renovation and additions took place in the 19th, 20th and 21st centuries.
They are about 60 church members, but involve many more through the ways they work within the local community in Wandsworth and further afield.
The church is part of the Geiranger parish in the Austre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre.
The church was elevated to the honour of a Minor basilica on January 5, 2009.
St Peter and St Paul Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Wolverhampton, West Midlands, England.
It is located in the city of Bergen.
Originally built under Roman Catholicism, it was used for coronations of Swedish monarchs for a lengthy period following the Protestant Reformation.
However, the present building has got 17th century foundations, and it went through several building extensions and renovations during its history.
The building was consecrated on 18 June 1871.
The church forms the focal point of the Frederiksstaden district; it is located due west of Amalienborg Palace.
St Mary's College is located next to the Cathedral.
It is located due south of the Admiralty on Izmaylovskiy Prospekt, not far from the Tekhnologichesky Institut Metro station.
There has been a church here at Lindås since the middle ages.
In 1993 an IRA bomb severely damaged the church and once the building was rebuilt and restored it re-opened as a Centre for Reconciliation and Peace.
St Nicholas' Church is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Buckenham, Norfolk, England.
It is the head temple of the Diocese of Zacatecas, and is dedicated to Our Lady of the Assumption.
The church is today a parish church within the Church of Denmark, serving a parish population of 10.296.
Although a historical building, the church is still active and sermons are held every Sunday.
At the end of the gable is a timber porch.
It is in the ecclesiastical province of Dublin.
The compound features, a two-story multi-level parking building which is the first in the INC church architecture.
The Saint John the Baptist Church is a Roman Catholic church in Podhum, Livno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Vik Church is a parish church in Vik Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
The church is part of Malmi parish.
It was used regularly by French Protestants from the 16th century until 1939 and is thus also known as the French Church.
Münster Cathedral or St.-Paulus-Dom is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Münster in Germany, and is dedicated to St Paul.
It was founded in the 12th century and was enlarged during the 13th to 15th centuries.
Various groups have opposed the church's intentions, with actions including taking a case to court.
CHBC is affiliated with the Southern Baptist Convention, and has been described as the "epicenter of the new Calvinism".
Wesley Church is one of the oldest churches in Egmore area of Chennai, the capital of the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Talgje Church is a parish church in Finnøy municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.
The building is Grade I listed, having first been listed on 14 July 1953.
St Stephen's Church is in the village of Moulton, Cheshire, England.
The Cathedral of Battambang, or Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption, was a former Roman Catholic Cathedral in Battambang, Cambodia.
St. Philip and St. James Church, Booterstown is a church of the Church of Ireland located in Booterstown, Dublin.
The church is famous for its icons in the iconostasis that were painted in 1778.
It has the only Anglo-Saxon tower in Cumbria.
It also survived the French Revolution intact, because three canons took an oath of allegiance to the French regime.
Welcombe was raised to parochial status in 1508, when the church was enlarged by the addition of the north and south transepts.
It is located in the village of Holdhus.
The church houses eight bells, one of which was donated by Dr. Humphrey Jackson in 1801 and is said to be taken from the Quebec garrison.
It was built in 1843 and enlarged in 1846.
St. Paul's Church, Carlton-in-the-Willows is a parish church in the Church of England in Carlton, Nottinghamshire.
The cathedral contains elements of several architectural styles including Neoclassical and Neo-Gothic.
The church is part of the Mo parish in the Indre Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland.
It was founded about 600 AD but the present structure dates to the twelfth century.
The first Roman Catholic cathedral of Our Lady and Sts.
It is listed as a Rijksmonument, number 8473.
Viborg Cathedral, Our Lady Cathedral is the site of one of Denmark's most important historic churches located in the town of Viborg in northern Jutland.
It is located in the village of Kunes.
It was declared redundant on 1 April 1980 and was vested in the Trust on 28 October 1981.
After the Putney congregation combined with Richmond, that building, also designed by Kenneth Tayler, was sold to the All Saints Liberal Catholic Church.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
After 1,150 days of parishioners sitting in vigil, it was announced on February 18, 2012 that St. Stan's would reopen on Palm Sunday 2012.
The white, concrete church was built in 1956 by the architect Arnstein Arneberg.
It is one of Norway's largest country churches since it seats about 1,200 people.
The cathedral immunity district, since 1648 an exclave of the Duchy of Bremen, was seized by Hamburg in 1803.
St Mary's Church, St Mary's is a parish church in the Church of England located in Hugh Town, St Mary's, Isles of Scilly, UK.
It is located in the village of Utne, at the northern tip of the Folgefonna peninsula.
St Peter and St Paul's Church, Clare is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Clare, Suffolk.
Saint John the Baptist is also considered as a patron saint of the city.
Gesù Nuovo is the name of a church and a square in Naples, Italy.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
The Catholic Church of St Edward, Selly Park, Birmingham is a Roman Catholic parish located in Selly Park in the Archdiocese of Birmingham.
It is built of reinforced concrete and brick with a timber roof supported by concrete arches with steel tie rods.
St Peter Hungate, Norwich is a Grade I listed redundant parish church in the Church of England in Norwich.
The church is part of the Nordreisa parish in the Nord-Troms deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Bolton, the archdeaconry of Bolton, and the diocese of Manchester.
The church is part of the Åsane parish in the Arna og Åsane deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
It was founded by the Benedictines from Downside Abbey and is a Grade II listed building.
St. Mary of Częstochowa in Cicero is an historic church of the Archdiocese of Chicago located in Cicero, Illinois.
St John the Baptist Church is a Roman Catholic church in Toodyay, Western Australia, part of a group of church buildings.
As of 2007, its presiding bishop is currently Bishop Placido Rodriguez.
It is the seat of the Diocese of Northwestern Pennsylvania.
The church is Grade II* listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a particularly significant building of more than local interest.
Tjugum Church is the main parish church in Balestrand Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
The north aisle features two large perpendicular windows and a battlemented rood loft stair turret.
St Stephen and All Martyrs' Church, Lever Bridge, is in Darcy Lever, Bolton, Greater Manchester, England.
Sōfuku-ji is a Buddhist temple located in Gifu, Gifu Prefecture, Japan.
It is located on Daulagala road approximately 4 km away from Pilimatalawa junction and a few kilometres from the ancient buddhist temple, Gadaladeniya Vihara.
It was built using plans by the architect Hans Linstow.
The Church of St. John the Baptist, East Markham is a parish church in the Church of England in East Markham, Nottinghamshire.
The church was originally designed by Carl Hårleman, as perhaps his last greater task.
Belonging to the Jönköping Sofia-Järstorp Parish of the Church of Sweden, it was opened on 1 December 1962.
The bulk of the cost of construction was donated by Mrs Sarah Dyson Perrins in memory of her husband James Dyson Perrins of Lea & Perrins.
It belongs to the Diocese of Visby.
Shōjōkō-ji is a temple located in Fujisawa, Kanagawa, and serves as the headquarters of the Ji-shū branch of Pure Land Buddhism, related to Ippen.
Saddleback Church is an evangelical Christian megachurch located in Lake Forest, California, situated in southern Orange County, affiliated with the Southern Baptist Convention.
It is located in the village of Bø.
It is located in the town of Odda.
Founded in 1887, it was the first parish designated for Polish immigrants in New England.
Myrbostad Church is a parish church in Fræna Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
The church is part of the Bardu parish in the Indre Troms deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
The church is a cross-form church with a unique onion-style dome and spire on top.
Gjerde Church is a parish church in Etne municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
St Bartholomew’s Church, Newbiggin-by-the-sea is a Church of England building in the Diocese of Newcastle.
Hambledon Church is part of a parish with Busbridge Church connected to the large village or small town of Godalming, Surrey.
Wilson Assembly of God, founded in 1922, is one of the oldest churches in the state of Oklahoma affiliated with the Assemblies of God USA.
The former churchyard of St Enghenedl's is still visible but is now overgrown.
The church is within the Fulbeck conservation area.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Blackburn with Darwen, the archdeaconry of Blackburn, and the diocese of Blackburn.
Dedicated to Our Lady of Lourdes, the Syro-Malabar Catholic church is noted for its imposing interior.
It is located in the village of Kvalsund.
The brown wooden church was built in 1978 and it seats about 250 people.
The Chapel Royal is an 18th-century place of worship in the centre of Brighton, part of the English city of Brighton and Hove.
It was built to seat about 250 people and to replace the old Hustad Church which was too small for the parish.
Finding that his use of St Paul's and Christ Church were limited, he resolved to found his own mission and build his own church.
Iglesia de San Juan Bautista is a church in Asturias, Spain.
It is "of brick, high, sheer and sculptural, with a German-inspired passion for brick grooves and ribbing, both vertical and horizontal."
Finally in 1964, it was transferred to Lindås parish.
There had been a shrine dedicated to St. James at nearby St. James's Gate, a stopping-off point for pilgrims, since medieval times.
The church is on Stanley Street on the corner of De la Gauchetière Street, although it also faces Peel Street and is opposite Place du Canada.
It is located in the village of Sakshaug.
In the late 1990s the building was sold to the Calvary Charismatic Baptist Church, and since then has served as their Prayer Temple and international headquarters.
Essen Minster is noted for its treasury, which among other treasures contains the Golden Madonna, the oldest fully sculptural figure of Mary north of the Alps.
The paintings illustrate Martin Luther's catechism, summary of his interpretation of the Christian faith.
Records for this Parish are located at: Chancery Office of the Archdiocese, 100 East Eighth Street, Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester, the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Knutsford.
This church today is the centre of liturgical life for the Lutheran Diocese of Budavár.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Walmsley, the archdeaconry of Bolton and the diocese of Manchester.
Chatwin's Decorated style, red-brick features contrasted with the Early English style stonework of the original building.
St Michael’s Church, Spurriergate, York is a Grade I listed former parish church in the Church of England in York.
The hot springs have been developed into Japanese-style baths.
In 1880, the church was destroyed by an earthquake only to be rebuilt by Fr.
St. Ilija, is a Macedonian Orthodox Church named after the Prophet Elijah.
The church was founded by Nicholas Duncan-Williams in 1979, and since 1992 has met in the "Prayer Cathedral" near Accra airport.
The brick church was built in 1995 by the architect Oskar Norderval.
Mortlake Quiet Gardens are based around the landscaped churchyard and are affiliated to The Quiet Garden Trust.
Living Word Christian Fellowship is a church in Lee Green, South East London, England.
St John the Baptist's Church is in the village of Hope Bagot, Shropshire, England.
East Church, Inverness is a Category B listed parish church in the Church of Scotland in Inverness.
Other churches within the group are St Nicholas' at Fulbeck, and St Nicholas' at Carlton Scroop with Normanton.
It was rebuilt in the 16th century.
Originally a parish church, it was elevated to cathedral status when the diocese was created in 1914.
The church was restored and extended in 1873-1876 as the parish continued to grow.
St Nicholas and St Peter ad Vincula Church is located in Curdworth, Warwickshire, England.
Other parts are from the 15th century, with an unusual annexe added in the 16th century.
The white wooden church was built in 1977 to serve the southern part of the municipality.
Froan Chapel is a small church on the island of Sauøy in the Froan islands in Frøya, Sør-Trøndelag, Norway.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
First Chinese Baptist Church of Fountain Valley or FCBC-FV is an evangelical Christian Church located in Fountain Valley, California.
It is in the diocese of Lichfield and the advowson is vested in the bishop.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
The Church of the Saviour saw another two rebuildings in the late 19th century.
The church is part of the Vågsøy parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
St Michael's Church is in the village of Burgh by Sands, Cumbria, England.
The church was built in 1998 and is also used as the parish nursery school.
The chapel is named for the Irish-born missionary St. Columba, renowned for his teaching, healing, and miracles in sixth-century Scotland.
Currently, it houses both the London Chinese Lutheran Church and the American Church in London.
The church was primarily built in 1930 by the Maltese-Canadian community of Toronto.
Holy Trinity Twickenham is a Grade II listed Church of England church on Twickenham Green in Twickenham in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.
St James' Church is in High Street, Whitehaven, Cumbria, England, at the crossing with the top of Queen Street.
The interior was restored in 1874 and 1878 by Sir Gilbert Scott; this involved the removal of a west gallery and alterations to the chancel.
St Michael and St John the Evangelist Church is a Roman Catholic parish church in Clitheroe, Lancashire, England.
St Thomas' Church is in the village of Crosscrake, Cumbria, England.
Later, the headquarters of the Jesuit mission was rebuilt in order to be expanded and added a wing to the church of Tannuk.
Founded in 1951, it is a member of the Assemblies of God, a Pentecostal Christian denomination.
Originally part of The Methodist Episcopal Church, South, the church is now a United Methodist congregation.
Lånke Church is a parish church in the municipality of Stjørdal in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
The original church was a stave church, but that church eventually needed to be replaced, and then the present church was built.
Saint Mary Church El-Adra-El Mughitha church is a Coptic Orthodox church in Haret Elroum in Elghoureya Cairo near the St Theodore Nun's monastery.
Paul's Church was designed by the architect Henrik Bull in 1889, and restoration of the church were made in 1917-18 and in 1972.
The church was built in 1940 by architects John Egil Tverdahl and Arne S. Gynnild.
The altarpiece shows Saul's conversion and the painting, called A Divine Revelation, is by Eero Järnefelt, brother-in-law to Jean Sibelius.
St Peter's Church is an Anglican church in the town of Burnley, Lancashire, England.
On May 30, 1996 Pope John Paul II established the Diocese of Ostrava-Opava, and soon after the basilica has been dignified into a cathedral.
Sir Edward died on 19 February 1666 and is buried in Darfield Church.
It is known for its intricate and extensive mosaics and paintings.
It is located in the village of Bogen.
It stands on one of the oldest parcels of consecrated land on the island, often known in Barbados as "God's acre".
The Church of St. Nicholas is a Serbian Orthodox church in Rijeka, Croatia.
The church is part of the Osterøy parish in the Arna og Åsane deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
As part of this group, the building is still in regular use for worship on Sundays and weekdays.
St John the Baptist's Church is in Vicar's Lane, Chester, Cheshire, England.
Noul Neamț Monastery is an all-male Moldovan Orthodox monastery located in Chiţcani, near Bender and Tiraspol.
Restoration was begun during the early part of the 13th century, the original Saxon church having become dilapidated.
Our Lady of Lourdes Shrine is a famous Marian shrine located in Villianur Town, Puducherry.
St Tudwal's Church is a Roman Catholic parish church in Barmouth, Gwynedd.
The interior decoration of the building was designed by Aleksey Shchusev.
Fiplingdal Church is a parish church in the municipality of Grane in Nordland county, Norway.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
It comprises three naves and stands under the patronage of Saint Martin of Tours.
A 2006 guide to the churches of Anglesey said that it is a "typical, well-preserved rural church and is well worth a visit."
Our Lady Help of Christians Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in the Portico area of Prescot, Merseyside.
The wooden chapel was built in 1985 and it seats about 100 people.
Miyin Temple is a Buddhist temple located in Weishan Township, Ningxiang City, Hunan, People's Republic of China.
St John the Evangelist's Church is in the village of Cowgill, Cumbria, England.
The temple has two primary storeys, with the seated Buddha image located on the second storey.
The white concrete church was built in 1934 to serve the town of Svolvær.
The cathedral is one of the most famous and most recognisable sights of London.
It is a Grade II listed building.
The church is home to Our Lady of Caysasay whose feast day is celebrated every December 8.
An 18th-century gallery at the west end rests on two oak crossbeams, one of which was previously used to support the rood loft.
It stands by the side of the River Esk.
It was declared a National Shrine in 1991.
Sinking Creek Baptist Church is a church located in Johnson City, Tennessee.
St. Paul's Church is a Reformed Church in Bern, Switzerland built by Swiss architect Karl Moser from 1902 to 1905 in an Art Nouveau style.
The interior was heavily encrusted with stucco decorations by Antonio Guidetti, and the altar is made of polychrome marbles.
This cathedral is the fourth church and third cathedral to be located on this site over the centuries.
Except for the Thai King and, in his stead, the Crown Prince, no other persons are allowed to touch the statue.
St. Paul's United Church is one of the largest churches in Brampton, Ontario, Canada, and the second oldest.
It is located in the deanery of Tone, within the diocese of Bath and Wells.
Vevelstad Church is a parish church in the municipality of Vevelstad in Nordland county, Norway.
The large stone church was built in 1932 to replace an earlier church that burned down on 7 April 1929.
Otrøy Church is a parish church in Midsund Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
The wooden church was built in 1902 to seat about 170 people.
The church is part of the Malangen parish in the Indre Troms deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
St Martin's Church is a grade II listed Church of England parish church in Sherwood, Nottingham.
Its furnishings include a Georgian staircase, a Jacobean pulpit, box pews and hatchments.
Two other Norman features survive: the ancient baptismal font and a piscina.
Saint Victor Catholic Church, located at 8634 Holloway Drive, is a Roman Catholic church in West Hollywood, California.
It is located in the village of Garstad on the island of Mellom-Vikna.
It is cruciform, with four-bay elevations to the nave, a single-bay chancel, a single-bay sacristy and two-bay transepts.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Condover, the archdeaconry of Ludlow, and the diocese of Hereford.
They were called "Black Canons" because they wore Black Cassocks, Black Capes and Hoods.
The present building, dedicated in 1887, and built in the Gothic Revival style, has been altered and updated on several occasions, but retains the landmark tower.
Construction began in 1962 and was completed in 1967.
The city has potential as a tourist location.
The church is sited 10 miles north of Ipswich, to the west of the A140 road.
The complex of buildings is at the top of Mt Shosha approximately 25 minutes by bus from Himeji Station.
It is part of an informal grouping of five churches that are known collectively as "The 453 Churches" as they straddle the A453.
The portico dates from the mid-17th century.
The Temple Saint-Étienne is a Calvinist church located in the city of Mulhouse, Alsace, France.
The architect Christian Henrik Grosch made the designs for the building.
St Bartholomew's Church is in the village of Great Barrow in the civil parish of Barrow, Cheshire, England.
It started in a collaboration with the other three Roman Catholic parishes in Salem, St. James, Immaculate Conception, and Ste.
Orkanger Church is a parish church in the municipality of Orkdal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
According to the 19th-century antiquarian Angharad Llwyd, the first church in Llanynghenedl was erected in about 620.
In 1987 an extension was added to the south-east wall.
St Mary's Church is a Grade I listed church in Tickhill, South Yorkshire, England.
It lies in Bro, on the Swedish island of Gotland.
The Our Lady of Carmel Church is a church located on the island of Taipa, Macau, China.
Brøstad Church is a parish church in the municipality of Dyrøy in Troms county, Norway.
It is located in the village of Ulvik.
The building is under the care of the Historic Chapels Trust.
The stone-built church is located on a hill above the Krka River.
The church, also known for its huge convent, was declared a National Cultural Treasure by the National Museum of the Philippines.
Saura Church is a parish church in the municipality of Gildeskål in Nordland county, Norway.
It is the seat of the Diocese of Memphis.
During the fire, a 19.2-carat diamond, which adorned the Buddha image disappeared as well.
St Dionysius' Church, Market Harborough is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Market Harborough, Leicestershire.
Hustad Church in Inderøy is a medieval era church built of brick between 1130 and 1160.
During the civil war, a group of Roundheads stabled their horses in the church.
The stone church was built in 1933 by the architect Ole Landmark.
The current priest-in-charge is the Rev'd Lucy Reid.
It is one of the Greater Churches.
Its mission is to love God and to love others.
In January 1997, it was consecrated as an official church.
St Thomas Crookes uses a cell and cluster structure which helps enable every member to get involved in mission and ministry.
Built during the colonial times, it was the scenario of a military conflict during the British invasions of the Río de la Plata.
It is situated on James’s Street, Kilkenny, Ireland.
The Parent Parishes was the Old Cathedral on Sycamore, now known as.
Even today the ritual fires brought from Enryaku-ji are still burning in the main temple.
The church is part of the Oppheim parish in the Hardanger og Voss deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
Inside, the nave comprises four bays with north aisles, a tower at the south-west corner supporting a wooden belfy and a shingled spire.
The church is autonomous and independent of any denominational control.
The chapel was built at a time when Hellevik belonged to Holmedal parish, with the parish church on the north side of the fjord.
It was designed by Edward Pugin and the site dates to 1869.
It belongs to the Diocese of Visby.
It is located in the village of Ølve.
The church is dedicated to Saints Peter and Paul.
St John the Evangelist's Church is a redundant Anglican church in the cathedral city of Chichester in West Sussex, England.
St. John the Evangelist is a historic Roman Catholic Church at 2270 Massachusetts Avenue in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
The parish serves 750 families in the Diocese of San Jose.
St Peter's Church is a Roman Catholic church in the Aldrington area of Hove, part of the English city of Brighton and Hove.
The site is today a public park.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Macclesfield, the archdeaconry of Macclesfield, and the diocese of Chester.
^ a b From the Lizard to Cadgwith.
St Mary and St Helen Church is in the town of Neston, Cheshire, England.
The Church of Saint John the Evangelist, or John's Church, is a Gothic Revival style church in Kilkenny, Ireland.
All Saints' Church is the parish church of Runcorn, Cheshire, England, sited on the south bank of the River Mersey overlooking Runcorn Gap.
By September 6 the city lay in ruins, 86 churches having been destroyed in the Fire of London.
The stupa was built by Nissanka Malla of Polonnaruwa, who ruled the country from 1187 to 1196.
It is located in the village of Nordfold.
All Hallows-on-the-Wall is a Church of England church located in the City of London.
The church is a Grade II listed building.
On 19 March 2008, the church was given a Grade II listing by English Heritage.
Both the house and the kiln are category B listed sites.
It is located in the village of Mevik.
It is located in the village of Hansnes on the island of Ringvassøya.
It is located next to the Saint-Sulpice Seminary and faces the Place d'Armes square.
B. Livesay, Edward Schroeder Prior and Arthur Grove as the Anglican Church of St Osmund.
Jeremiah "Jerry" Boland is the current pastor, and Rev.
St Mary's Church is in Knowsley Lane, Knowsley Village, Merseyside, England.
It is part of the parish of All Saints', St Mary's and St Peter's, Nottingham.
All Saints' Church, Stamford is a parish church in the Church of England, situated in Stamford, Lincolnshire, England.
Geographically located in the historical region of Basarabia, it is today controlled by the breakaway Transnistrian authorities.
Hyson Green Baptist Church is on Palin Street in Hyson Green, Nottingham.
Chestnut Ridge Church is a nondenominational, evangelical megachurch in Morgantown, West Virginia.
It is a Grade II listed building.
Purchased by the City of Bordighera, and then restored, the former church is now a multi-cultural centre and venue for exhibitions, concerts, lectures and performances.
Santa María la Coronada Church is a parish church in the town of San Roque in the Province of Cádiz, Spain.
The present Italianate cathedral was completed in 1957 and replaced the former Sacred Heart Cathedral, which is now a music center.
St. Giles' Church, Costock is a parish church in the Church of England in Costock, Nottinghamshire.
The church welcomes everyone warmly -- young, old, singles, families, and everyone in between.
It is located in the village of Vestre Jakobselv.
It accepts visitors in the summer months, but is inaccessible during the winter because of the heavy snow.
Gruben Church is a parish church in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county, Norway.
The church features a rare 'left-handed fiddler' decoration above the western entrance.
The architect for the new church was Frederick William Hunt of London.
The church is dedicated to Mark the Evangelist.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
Thanks to Pope Alexander VI, the temple was raised to the category of Collegiate.
It is located in the village of Buvika.
The name Gyōbutsu-ji literally means 'Practice Buddha Temple' and is derived from Eihei Dōgen's magnum opus the Shōbōgenzō, specifically the chapter titled Gyōbutsu igi.
The church's first parish priest, Fr John Wenham, was an Anglican convert from the Oxford Movement who had studied at Magdalen College, Oxford.
St Michel de Sillery Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Sillery, Quebec City.
It is located in the village of Ørsta, at the end of the Ørstafjorden.
The cruciform church is part of the "Bergen domkirke" parish in the Bergen arch-deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
The church campus is the site of the unaccredited ATLAH Theological Seminary, where classes are offered on preaching and prophecy.
In 1890 it was restored and reopened by the Scottish Episcopal Church.
The San Bartolome Parish Church, also referred to as the Magalang Church, is a 19th-century Baroque church located at Brgy.
It was originally dedicated to the Virgin Mary, called Marth Mariam in the vernacular.
In Manila, Wednesdays are popularly called "Baclaran Day" due to congested roads brought on by pilgrims to the shrine.
St John the Baptist Church, Porthcawl is a medieval church and Grade I-listed building in Church Street, Newton, Porthcawl, Wales.
The present building is the third the church has had since its founding in 1786.
It is situated on Milton Road near to the corner of St Helen's Road, next to St Bernard's High School.
It is adjacent to the office tower, 121 Bloor St. East.
It is one of nine National Shrines in Canada, including, among others, St. Joseph's Oratory in Montreal and the Basilica of Sainte-Anne-de-Beaupré.
The church was built to cater for those cut off by flooding of the River Severn, on an area of land called the "Windmill Field."
Old Åsane Church is a parish church in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
St Martin, Ludgate, is an Anglican church on Ludgate Hill in the ward of Farringdon, in the City of London.
In 1897 the mission church became a full-fledged parish of the Diocese of Dallas.
Havredal Zendo - Cho-An is a Buddhist temple, formerly in the Rinzai Zen tradition, founded by Choan Denko Møller.
As a result of the foundation of further parish churches, the parish district of the cathedral was reduced to the Old Domburg and Domimmunität in 1090.
The Church of the Holy Trinity is an Anglican church in downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada at Trinity Square.
Jones described Islam as a false religion that will lead people to hell, and urged to Muslims that the Bible is the only way to God.
Its exact date of origin is unknown, but a map of 1576 shows a "Newlande Chap."
Its benefice is united with those of St John and Holy Cross, Cotebrook, St Thomas, Eaton, and St Paul, Utkinton.
Mr Gray continued as the minister until his retirement in 1927.
On a Sunday Busbridge Church and Hambledon Church put on youth and children's groups for over 200 young people.
Having been declared redundant in 1974, it returned to active use in 2010.
This area, which also contains the Domplatz and surrounding buildings, was the old Domburg.
Saint Mary of the Angels is an historic church of Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago in Chicago, Illinois.
St. Andrew's Church, Skegby is a parish church in the Church of England in Skegby, Nottinghamshire.
It is an active Roman Catholic church in the diocese of Shrewsbury.
It was considerably expanded in the 14th and 15th centuries, mainly using stone as the construction material.
It is cruciform, with a central tower, which may preserve a part of the original structure.
St Anne's Church is a redundant Anglican parish church in Tyldesley Road, Hindsford, Atherton, Greater Manchester, England.
The church is part of the Hjelme parish in the Vesthordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
The chapel is licensed for worship in accordance with the Places of Worship Registration Act 1855 and has the registration number 9014.
The temple was recently renovated, with the completion of the three stupas atop the temple, which are lighter in colour.
Lay Ministers are Mabel Henry, Shirley Pennell and Betty Davidson.
Isshin-ji is a Pure Land Buddhist temple in Osaka, Japan.
Nicknames for the building include "Paddy's Wigwam", "The Pope's Launching Pad", and "The Mersey Funnel".
Ulstein Church is a parish church in Ulstein Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
It was designed by John Lee Archer in 1838, and is built of sandstone.
It is located in the village of Gryllefjord.
Across Monteoliveto street from the Fountain in the square is the Renaissance palace of Orsini di Gravina.
Christ Church is in Crewe Road, Wheelock, Cheshire, England.
Woods Memorial Presbyterian Church was established in 1912 in Severna Park, Maryland.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Liverpool, the archdeaconry of Liverpool and the deanery of Liverpool South – Childwall.
It is located in the village of Tømmervika, about 6 kilometres northwest of the village of Sørreisa.
All Saints' is sometimes referred to as the "Cathedral of the Island"  It is a Grade II* listed building, formally listed on 24 October 1950.
The church is part of the Bratsberg parish in the Strinda deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
It was listed as a Grade I listed building on 19 November 1953.
Today, the church is well known for outreach into the community through the Weston King Neighbourhood Centre.
Stanmer Church is a former Anglican church in Stanmer village, on the northeastern edge of the English city of Brighton and Hove.
It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Hartford.
The ancient walls mark the boundaries of the parish.
It is one of the more important Buddhist pilgrimage locations in Burma.
Production of new broadcasts from the church were discontinued in 2007 after Kennedy's death, although reruns of Kennedy's sermons continue to air on some networks.
As of 1998, the church served 2,000 families.
Pope Leo XIII granted a Canonical coronation to the painted image on 17 May 1903 via his Papal legate, Cardnal Agostino Richelmy.
A church has stood on the current site since the 10th century.
Nevernes Church is a parish church in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county, Norway.
Being a prefabricated building constructed in corrugated galvanised iron, it is popularly referred to as a tin tabernacle.
The Kirchenfest, a church picnic held each year, is one of the largest church festivals in Southern Illinois.
The Cathedral Basilica of the Holy Family is a Roman Catholic cathedral and basilica dedicated to the Holy Family located around City Square in Nairobi, Kenya.
The church is also popular among the non-Christians as a pilgrimage centre and the popular offerings at the church are chicken and eggs.
Since then the bell tower was renovated several times, last time in 1973 when the present-day plastic angel replaced the original copper-coated wooden sculpture.
Mr Walker's ministry ended in May 1939.
It is the oldest church in Lofoten that is still in use.
When Bangkok became the capital, King Rama I renovated the temple and gave it its present name.
Shōjō-ji is a Buddhist temple of the Shingon-shu Buzan-ha sect in Yugawa, Kawanuma District, Fukushima Prefecture, Japan.
The white, stone church was built during the early 13th century, making it the oldest church in Kvinnherad.
The Ontario Khalsa Darbar is a notable Sikh temple in Mississauga, Ontario.
St Luke's is an Anglican church in Clifford, West Yorkshire, England.
The building is close to the Church of Saint Mary Magdalen.
It is named after Edmund Rich, who was a 13th-century Archbishop of Canterbury.
The Buddha is carved making the abhayamudra, the gesture of fearlessness.
Wat Hua Lamphong is a Royal Buddhist temple, third class, in the Bang Rak District of Bangkok, Thailand.
It was converted to a chapel in 1972 and the building was consecrated on 20 August 1972 by Bishop Tord Godal.
St Mary's Church stands on Church Hill, Lawford, Essex, England.
Shifting sands was a major problems in the area and large parts of the vicarage was turned into a sand desert.
It was designed by architect Svein Rydland and it seats about 100 people.
St Winifred's Chapel, Holbeck is a Grade II listed parish church and former private chapel in the Church of England in Holbeck, Nottinghamshire, south-west of Worksop.
C3 Church Global, formerly known as Christian City Church International, is a Charismatic movement founded by Phil Pringle and Christine Pringle.
The Church of St. Mary the Virgin, Clumber Park, is an Anglican church in Clumber Park, Nottinghamshire England.
The Architectural style of the church is Gothic Revival style.
A major restoration was carried out in 1871 by the Scottish Victorian architect Robert Rowand Anderson.
St Thomas' Church, Parkgate, is a chapel of ease in the parish.
Through the sacristy one can access the lower church, built and decorated in Renaissance style, completed by Mormando.
Holy Family Catholic Church is a parish of the Diocese of Davenport.
All that remains in the vicinity of the church is a farm and a dovecote.
St Mary of Charity, Faversham Parish Church is the Church of England parish church of the town of Faversham in Kent, England.
The First Presbyterian Church in Jamaica is located in Jamaica, Queens, a neighbourhood of New York City.
This style was used in churches designed by Grosch in the 1850s.
St Mary of the Angels Church is located to the south of the village of Brownshill in the parish of Chalford, Gloucestershire, England.
Emphasis is placed on the hearing of confessions and of choral liturgy.
Dedicated to the archangel Saint Michael, Brookenby church was established in the 1990s and is housed in the West wing of a former Officers Mess building.
Harold Godwinson is said to be buried in the present churchyard.
Because of its tall steeple, the church has been nicknamed the "Welsh Cathedral", or "Toxteth Cathedral", although it was never an actual cathedral.
Construction was started in 1687 on the site of Champlain's habitation and was completed in 1723.
The abbey passed to the Cistercian order in 1929.
The wooden church was built in 1951, and it seats about 100 people.
It was built on the site of previous Roman baths of the 2nd century which, 800 years later, king Ordoño II converted into a palace.
It is a Grade I listed building as of 19 August 1955.
St. Martin is the patron saint of Idstein, to whom a Gothic church was dedicated in 1330.
Mathematician and philosopher Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz and general Carl August von Alten are buried here.
St Cuthbert’s Church, Doveridge is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Doveridge, Derbyshire.
St Mary's Church is the Church of England parish church of Pyrton, Oxfordshire, England.
St. Matthew is a Roman Catholic church in Norwalk, Connecticut, part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
The Protestant church of Goutum or Saint Agnes church is a medieval religious building in Goutum, Friesland, Netherlands.
The Ronde Lutherse Kerk or Koepelkerk is a former Lutheran church in Amsterdam, located at the Singel.
There has been a church located at Hustad since the 12th century or 13th century.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Calder, the archdeaconry of West Cumberland, and the diocese of Carlisle.
As a church of the Franciscan order, built in 1488, it was known as Barfüßerkirche and Heiliggeistkirche.
Daybrook Baptist Church is on Mansfield Road in Daybrook, near Arnold, Nottingham.
It became a Grade I listed building on 1 February 1967.
At the lower terrace of the base, there are 28 Chinese pagodas which mean the 28 Buddhas born on this earth.
Fresvik Church is a parish church in Vik Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
The church is part of the Lound Hall Estate, Bothamsall.
West of the cathedral lies the bishop's palace and part of the old curia complex along with the current cathedral chapter.
Under the pastoral administration of the Rev.
Maple Forest was the monks' residence and Green Mountain was the nuns' residence.
The church was built where once the village's chapel stood.
It is the seat of the Bishop of Moray, Ross and Caithness, ordinary of the Diocese of Moray, Ross and Caithness.
Its tower is noted for its 15th-century lantern spire.
It is an active Anglican parish church on the deanery of Wycombe, the archdeaconry of Buckingham, and the diocese of Oxford.
It is a Victorian Gothic Revival stone building with polychromatic decoration.
The church of Sint Antonius is called Waterstaatskerk, because its construction was paid largely by the government and conducted under the supervision of civil engineers.
The church is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester, the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Great Budworth.
Maria and Laguna lake, and the festivity of the Three Kings every January 6, a re-enactment of the Magi's journey.
Hålandsdal Church is a parish church in Fusa municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
Igreja de São Cristóvão is a church located in São Paulo, Brazil on the Avenida Tiradentes.
It is located in the village of Flatkvål in the Eksingedalen valley.
Harrington was runner-up in the election for moderator of the then-2.9-million-member denomination.
Ngahtatgyi Buddha Temple is a Buddhist temple in Bahan Township, Yangon, Burma, located off Shwegondine Road.
Bamberg Church is a parish church in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
St Mary the Virgin's Church is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Stonham Parva, Suffolk, England.
The pitched roof is covered with artificial slates.
The church holds one regularly-scheduled worship service each month.
The two old parishes of Hopperstad and Hove was abolished in 1875, and replaced by the new, united, Vik parish.
It was not repaired and finally demolished in 1893.
It is a Church of England church in the Diocese of Sheffield.
In the 1960s the church building was damaged by fire, and the upper section was removed by Dublin Corporation.
The historian George Ormerod, writing in 1816, stated that it was dedicated to St Mary and All Saints.
St Margaret and St James' Church is located about 0.5 miles to the south of the village of Long Marton, Cumbria, England.
Storfors is situated between Kristinehamn and Filipstad.
The Beith High Church was built in 1807 and extended in 1885.
It is a Parish Church in the Church of Scotland and within the presbytery of Ayr.
The temple was designed by the German architect Roberto Frassinelli and built between 1877 and 1901 by architect Federico Aparici y Soriano.
Since January 2015, the church has been used as a cathedral for the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church.
St. Mary is a Roman Catholic church in Norwalk, Connecticut, part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
For the constituency, see Westminster St George's.
This precautionary measure saved these structure from facing the same fate as the main church.
The roots of the congregation date back to 1774.
It became a religious building again in 1812, and was later consecrated as a parish church of the parish of Arlesheim.
The building was extensively remodeled in 1892 in the Perpendicular style to give it its present form.
The white wooden church was built in 1908 in a Swiss chalet style by the architects Ole Havnes and Knut Flåthe.
Built in Neogothic style, it is dedicated to Our Lady of Luján, patron saint of Argentina.
The church is designated as a Grade II* listed building.
The church was the main church for the old municipality of Oddernes which existed from 1838 until 1965.
The current church and convento were built in 1774, and used as a shelter by Katipuneros during the 1898 Philippine Revolution against the Spanish Empire.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
As the main church for the municipality, it is also sometimes called Flatanger Church.
St Laurence's Church is in Union Street, Chorley, Lancashire, England.
The congregation formerly sponsored a men's shelter, providing temporary shelter, meals, and job training through the East End Cooperative Ministry.
Gampo Abbey is a Western Buddhist monastery in the Shambhala tradition in Nova Scotia, Canada.
It is a Grade II listed building, English Heritage number 1060971.
It is part of the Catholic parish of St Peter and All Souls, Peterborough.
The church is notable for its stained glass windows, bearing designs by artists from the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood.
The chapel sits within the grounds of the Thistle Foundation, a housing complex originally built for disabled armed forces personnel.
The first Presbyterian church west of the Allegheny Mountains, it was founded in 1772.
Christ Church or Christ Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church in New Brunswick, Middlesex County, New Jersey.
It belongs to the Engaku-ji school of the Rinzai sect and is ranked fourth among Kamakura's Five Mountains.
The single tower is home to two bells produced by Petit & Fritsen.
Since 2009, the pastor has been the Rev.
It is located between the two villages of Sylte and Skei.
It is located in the village of Kinsarvik.
The main Temple but holds about 8.000 seats.
Highland Park United Methodist Church is a United Methodist church in Dallas, Texas.
It is situated on the western corner of Market Street and Exchange Road.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Windermere, the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness, and the diocese of Carlisle.
The church is well preserved due to its proximity to Kolkata and the care committee of the Armenian Churches.
It is the biggest of the historic Churches of Kraków in terms of seating capacity.
The Church of St Andrew in Folkingham, Lincolnshire, England, is Grade I–listed Anglican church.
Tysnes Church is a parish church in Tysnes municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
The more elaborate scale and design of the new building was intended to reflect the increased size and prosperity of the nineteenth-century congregation.
During the First World War, it appeared on the cap-badge of the 10th Battalion of the London Regiment.
The exception is the huge stained glass window on the west side behind the choir, which is by Robert Anning Bell.
Sørskot Chapel is a chapel in the municipality of Steigen in Nordland county, Norway.
It developed into the major Heian period temple for rural Dewa province.
The church is part of the Talvik parish in the Alta deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
Vågan Church is a parish church in the municipality of Vågan in Nordland county, Norway.
The church is part of the Hesby parish in the Tungenes deanery in the Diocese of Stavanger.
The parish operates St. James Cathedral School on nearby Robinson Street which offers classes from pre-school through eighth grade.
The white wooden chapel was built in 1939 and it was upgraded to a chapel in 1982.
Diego De Ochoa, OSA, as the town's first parish priest.
The white, wooden church was built in the early 1900s in the rural township of Brampton in the US state of North Dakota.
Becconsall Old Church is a redundant church in the village of Hesketh Bank, Lancashire, England.
Nevertheless, many tourists and local citizens visit this church daily.
There has been a Welsh chapel on the current site since 1806, although the present building dates from 1870.
Gustaf Church, part of the Church of Sweden Abroad, is the church of the Swedish congregation in Copenhagen, Denmark.
The stone church was built in 1955 by the architect Leiv Tvilde.
Elvran Chapel is a chapel in the municipality of Stjørdal in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
Kyaiktiyo Pagoda is a well-known Buddhist pilgrimage site in Mon State, Burma.
It was begun in the mid-13th century or earlier and additions were made in the 14th, 15th and 16th centuries.
The church has more than 100 full- and part-time staff members, include teaching and outreach pastor, Lon Allison and Iglesia del Pueblo lead pastor, Hanibal Rodriguez.
The Cathedral Basilica of the Immaculate Conception is a cathedral serving Roman Catholics in the U.S. city of Mobile, Alabama.
The Cathedral of Christ the King is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in Lexington, Kentucky, United States.
Lund Chapel is a chapel in the municipality of Nærøy in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
It is located in the village of Undredal, on the shore of the Aurlandsfjorden.
The British Methodist Episcopal Church is a Protestant church in Canada that has its roots in the African Methodist Episcopal Church of the United States.
In the same area there is another parish church that is dedicated to St Roch.
The church is a contributing property of the Middlebush Village Historic District that was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 24, 2007.
It has been a Saxon cathedral, a Benedictine abbey, and now, a parish church.
There is a service every Sunday at 11.00.
Brekke Church is a parish church in Gulen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
From its foundation in 1762 until 1995 it was used by German Lutherans.
It is located in the village of Solheim, along the shore of the Masfjorden.
St Mary and St Romuald is a Roman Catholic parish church in the parish of Yarm, North Yorkshire, England.
The church is part of the Loppa parish in the Alta deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
This status ranks the cathedral among the most important buildings of the Hungarian Greek Catholic Church.
Old All Saints Church, or Harcourt Chapel, is a redundant Church of England church near the village of Nuneham Courtenay, Oxfordshire, England.
St Luke's Church is in the village of Goostrey, Cheshire, England.
Belonging to Karlstad Cathedral Parish of the Church of Sweden, it serves the Diocese of Karlstad, and was opened on 2 July 1730.
Peter of Siena, a Cleric and Br.
Johannes church stands on a hill that for many centuries had been a place for Midsummer bonfires.
The church was established in 1975 by Dr. Geevarghese Mor Gregorios.
September 15–30 = Hagi Matsuri or Japanese Bush Clover Festival
Standing 80 m tall, it is particularly famous for its wooden altarpiece carved by Veit Stoss.
The living rooms have now been adapted to use as a Sunday school.
George Vakayil is observed by the Church as a day of remembrance on 4 November of every year.
During the period 1666-1671, the original building was demolished and the present nave, chancel and sanctuary were rebuilt on the same site.
The floor was replaced with low-maintenance Granite Tiles from Italy.
Early records refer to this church as the Drummer's Chapel, constructed by British soldiers after the fall of Tippu Sultan.
St Paul's Church is the parish church of Whitley Bay, North Tyneside, United Kingdom.
Founded on April 8, 1927, it is in the Archdiocese of Hartford and is one of dozens of Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England.
It is designated by Cadw as a Grade II* listed building, and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches.
By the Reformation the concathedral was converted into a Lutheran church.
Mora Church is a church building in Mora in Sweden.
Holy Rosary Church is a Roman Catholic church in the Tejgaon area of Dhaka.
St Peter's Church is in the village of Hargrave, Cheshire, England.
The wooden chapel was built in 1963 and it seats about 163 people.
The church was consecrated on 22 April 2001.
While originally built in Romanesque-style in the 10th century, it was refurbished in the 15th or 16th centuries.
Holy Rood Church is a Roman Catholic Parish Church in Barnsley, South Yorkshire, England.
The cathedral is based on a design by Sir Giles Gilbert Scott.
The church is a Grade I listed building and is located in the centre of the town of Penistone.
Its parish is part of the benefice of Icknield, in the deanery of Aston and Cuddesdon, the archdeaconry of Oxford and the diocese of Oxford.
A look down from the pagoda platform reveals the head of a dragon protruding from the walling down below.
Forsnes chapel is a chapel in the municipality of Hitra in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
The left tower is a single row of bricks taller than the right tower.
The church was built in the 18th-century on the baroque design of Andrea Belli for spiritual service of the workers at the Pinto Stores.
The parish has a population of about 8500 whilst the church has seating for 150.
It is located along Silangan Road inside the University of the Philippines Los Baños campus.
The white, wooden church, which has 310 seats, was consecrated on 5 November 1901 by the Bishop Johan Willoch Erichsen.
Tonga lies to the east of the 180° meridian but to the west of the International Date Line, in the time zone UTC+13:00.
The Gibraltar government proposed to rename the road which the church is on Bishop Devlin Lane but the name Devil's Tower Road was retained.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the Diocese of Blackburn.
To distinguish it from the Anglican Liverpool Cathedral, locals call it the "Catholic Cathedral."
Birkeland Church is a parish church in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
There is a chancel, a clerestoried nave of four bays with a south aisle, north porch and west tower.
St. Alban's Episcopal Church is an Episcopal church located at 580 Hilgard Avenue in Westwood, Los Angeles, California.
St Paul’s Church is situated within the English city of Sheffield on Wordsworth Avenue in the northern suburb of Parson Cross.
It is located in the village of Kausland.
St Helen's Church, Etwall is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Etwall, Derbyshire.
In 1990 the Church merged with the West Church.
The present church was opened in 1786, and is built in red brick in Flemish bond.
In 1977, First Church of Christ, Scientist, was designated a Pittsburgh Historic Landmark by the Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation.
It is located in the village of Våge on the northern shore of the island of Tysnesøya.
The congregation has one of the longest continual histories of any in Toronto.
The Christian Cultural Center is a non-denominational Christian megachurch located in the East New York section of Brooklyn, New York City.
The church, which can seat 210 persons, was consecrated on 3 July 1977 by Bishop Thor With.
Construction began in 1911, and the church was opened on 16 December 1913.
The Cathedral is a piece of architectural grandeur resting on a tier of steps.
It is located in the village of Nesheim.
In 1991 it was listed at Grade II for its architectural and historical importance.
Bardal Church is a parish church in the municipality of Leirfjord in Nordland county, Norway.
It is now situated on Louis Fréchette next to St. Charles Garnier College
The grade II listed lychgate is possibly by the architect Temple Moore.
The church of St Laurence, Upminster, is the Church of England parish church in Upminster, England.
With Durham and Ely Cathedrals, it is one of the most important 12th-century buildings in England to have remained largely intact, despite extensions and restoration.
It is part of the Central Park area, which is the civic center of the community.
The town's central parkland adjoins that is much of the original Lammas land.
The Cathedral was consecrated on December 19, 1933.
The church was built in the 5th or 6th century but archeological evidence suggests that the site was used by Christians as early as 4th century.
It is located to the south of the town centre, at the start of St. Stephen's hill up to the Abbey.
But all was burned in November 1226 and never rebuilt.
Barnarp Church is a church building in Barnarp, Sweden.
The church is part of the Ervik parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
St Anne's Church is in Overbury Street, Edge Hill, Liverpool, Merseyside, England.
It is the seat of the Catholic Diocese of Victoria in Texas.
In 2006 the church became the centre of controversy when the congregation under Rev.
Founded on 28 February 1909 by Bishop Nicolas Zamora, it is recognised in the Philippines as the first indigenous Evangelical Protestant denomination.
The building underwent two Victorian restorations and another in 1930.
St Peter Parmentergate, Norwich is a Grade I listed redundant parish church in the Church of England in Norwich.
The First Baptist Church of Montana, located in Helena, Montana, is an historic church founded in 1880.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester, the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Great Budworth.
The church is a member of the Greater Churches Group and is the largest parish church in Shropshire.
Holy Trinity Church stands in a country lane near the hamlet of Howgill, between Sedbergh and Tebay, Cumbria, England.
The building has been listed at Grade II for its architectural and historical importance.
It is located in the village of Vikebygd.
It is built in red brick with stone dressings and the roof is of red-brown clay tiles.
The San Andres Apostol Parish Church, popularly known as Masinloc Church, is a 19th-century Baroque church located at Brgy.
Rankoth Vehera is a stupa located in the ancient city of Polonnaruwa in Sri Lanka.
The other two being St Peter, Aston-by-Sutton and St Michael and All Angels, Little Leigh.
Philadelphia contractor Thomas Reilly built the new cathedral in the Oakland neighborhood.
The original church, designed by E.M. Gibbs, was opened 24 April 1879.
Prior to 1994, the church was designated as being in the Borough of Hackney, such that there were no Catholic churches in the City.
It was built in the 1760s by Richard Trevor, bishop of Durham, whose family seat was the adjacent Glynde Place.
The frontage is rendered in stucco while the capitals of the portico are probably formed of Coade stone.
The church is part of the Hyen parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
Malaria was common in the area the church was built, but drainage was improved during the 1830s as Cleveland evolved into a major lake shipping port.
In 2013 it constructed a new facility and relocated to 1025 Bunn Drive and changed its name to Stone Hill Church of Princeton.
The church stands on the north side of Hythe Hill, in the Hythe area of Colchester.
After restoring the building, it was turned over to the Town of Bracebridge on March 13, 1980.
Magoksa is a head temple of the Jogye Order of Korean Buddhism in Gongju, South Korea.
Pevsner says of Fleet that "it has no shape, nor character nor notable buildings, except one," that one being All Saints.
In contrast to the stupas, the hollow gu-style temple is a structure used for meditation, devotional worship of the Buddha and other Buddhist rituals.
The construction of the church was finished in 1587 and was overseen by three Spanish Dominican priests.
St John's Church is located on the corner of St John Street and Elizabeth Street and is one of five churches facing onto Prince's Square.
It has been described as Blomfield's "finest achievement in Sussex" and "one of the main centres of Anglo-Catholic worship in Southern England".
The church is part of the Stedje parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
Its entrance is surrounded by two Corinthian order-like columns with shoulders.
Its organ is one of the oldest playable organs in Germany.
This church was the site of the Sacred Military Constantinian Order of Saint George.
It is located in the village of Mjømna on the island of Mjømna.
The architect Ole Scheistrøen designed the church.
Åram Church is a parish church in Vanylven Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
Dedicated in 1873 as the Catholic parish church of Arundel, it became a cathedral at the foundation of the Diocese of Arundel and Brighton in 1965.
The site of the collegiate church is now occupied by Dumbarton Central railway station.
Construction of the church began in 1910 under the direction of Bishop Thomas Sebastian Byrne.
Saint Francis de Sales Roman Catholic Church is located at 407 Northland Ave, in Buffalo, New York.
The church is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Trigg Major, the archdeaconry of Bodmin, and the diocese of Truro.
As of 2015 the current chaplain is Revd.
St. Stephen's Cathedral is a baroque church from 1688 in Passau, Germany, dedicated to Saint Stephen.
St Martin-in-the-Fields is an English Anglican church at the north-east corner of Trafalgar Square in the City of Westminster, London.
Saint Patrick's Cathedral in Dublin, Ireland, founded in 1191, is the National Cathedral of the Church of Ireland.
The ordinary of the diocese is the Right Reverend Kevin Pearson.
The church is a Grade I listed building.
It belongs to the Church of Sweden, and was built between 1906-1907.
The Church of St Mary is the parish church of Rogiet, a small rural village on the Caldicot Levels, 8 miles west of Chepstow, Monmouthshire, Wales.
On January 14, 2015, Swedish actress Anita Ekberg's funeral Mass was held at Christuskirche.
The Lutheran City Church is a Lutheran church building in Innere Stadt, the first district of Vienna.
It was built from 1826 to 1828, with extensions being built in 1901 and 1928.
The church is still in active use with Holy Mass being celebrated every Sunday at 8:30 am, except in summer.
The cornerstone was laid in 1839; the building was completed in 1847.
St James' Church is an Anglican church in St James Place, Toxteth, Liverpool, England.
The interior of the church is neoclassical.
The zendo is located at 37 W. 17th Street in Manhattan.
It sits on top of West Wycombe Hill in a prominent position overlooking the West Wycombe Road, and surrounding villages.
The church was originally established as a chapel annex, but in 1997 it was upgraded to a full parish church.
The third is the new St Michael's Cathedral, built after the destruction of the former.
The congregation was founded in 1723, and the current church building was dedicated in 1816.
All Saints is the local parish Church of England church for Sutton Bassett, Northamptonshire.
St Patrick's Church, Nuthall is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Nuthall.
A detailed description appears on the Historic England website.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
All Saints' Church is the third tallest religious building in Newcastle and the seventh tallest structure in the city overall.
Introductory workshops are given for the general public, with follow –up and training programs for those wishing to become members.
The church is part of the Ørsta parish in the Søre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre.
It is located in the village of Follafoss.
The architectural historian Raymond Richards considers it to be the finest old parish church in Wirral.
It is an active Anglican church in the deanery of Ewecross, the archdeaconry of Craven and the Diocese of Leeds.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
The Smyrna Church Habo is a church building in Habo, Sweden.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Poulton, the archdeaconry of Lancaster, and the diocese of Blackburn.
The church is located on the south side of the Pula bay at the foot of the hill with the 17th century Venetian fort.
St Margaret's Church is in Burnage Lane, Burnage, a neighbourhood of Manchester, England.
It is a Victorian church and is situated on the Bath Road, Devizes.
It is the parish church of Fontana, one of the smallest villages on the island.
He campaigned for the abolition of slavery and for the establishment of "Free Villages" for emancipated slaves.
After Ichihime's death, Ieyasu ordered O-Katsu no Tsubone to become the adoptive mother of Tokugawa Yorifusa, who later reigned over Mito Domain.
St Nidan's Church, Llanidan is a 19th-century parish church near the village of Brynsiencyn, in Anglesey, north Wales.
Lay practitioners also live at the monastery.
It was founded in 1924 as a Baptist mission in Bellwood.
Daitoku-ji is a Buddhist temple, one of fourteen autonomous branches of the Rinzai school of Japanese Zen.
The church was built in 1661 by Paul Pálffy‘s widow Countess Frances, née Khuen.
In 1916 a fire damaged the entire auditorium, including considerable damage to the organ.
Mar Thoma Shleeha Cathedral is a Syro-Malabar Catholic cathedral located in Bellwood, Illinois, United States.
Saint Casimir Church, is a Catholic parish church in Cleveland, Ohio and part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Cleveland.
The white, wooden church was built in 1864 by the architect Gustav Olsen.
The Church of the Holy Family is a Catholic Church located in Downtown Columbus, Georgia that was built in 1880.
St Chad's Church is an Anglican church on Hunter Street in Burton upon Trent, Staffordshire England.
Christ Church, Ward End is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Birmingham.
Sandstad Church is a parish church in the municipality of Hitra in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
It is listed as a Rijksmonument, number 35669.
The Basilica of St. Michael the Archangel, is located on a hill overlooking the Miramichi River in the Province of New Brunswick, Canada.
The Catholic Erfurt Cathedral, also known as St Mary's Cathedral, is a 1200-year-old church located in the city of Erfurt, in Thuringia, Germany.
The Virxe da Barca sanctuary is a church located in Muxía, Spain.
There is a ring of twelve bells, hung for change ringing.
It was built in 1836 and is a Grade II listed building.
Ølmheim Church is a parish church in Sogndal Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
The main structure of the present building was erected in the 13th and 14th centuries.
Instrumental in founding Princeton Theological Seminary, Presbyterian Hospital and many a mission church, this grand house of God is often called the Cathedral of Presbyterianism.”
St. Mary Coptic Orthodox Church is one of the oldest Coptic Orthodox churches established in Pennsylvania.
The current cathedral was constructed over the period of 300 years starting from 1209, and the completion of the steeples took place only in 1520.
The church structure has been declared a National Cultural Treasure by the National Museum of the Philippines in 2001.
The chapel is part of the Giske parish in the Nordre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre.
All Saints' Church, Stanton-on-the-Wolds is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Stanton on the Wolds.
The Irish name, Mó Aód Óg, means My little Aedh.
The church is medieval and probably dates from the 11th century.
Completed in 1914, it is the mother church of the Archdiocese of St. Louis and the seat of its archbishop, currently Robert James Carlson.
The church is part of the Borge parish in the Lofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland.
The parish is responsible for the Anglican chaplaincy at the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health.
It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
They were completely redesigned by Helgo Zetterwall who undertook substantial changes to the building in the 1880s.
The Cathedral of St Michael and St George is the home of the Anglican Diocese of Grahamstown in Grahamstown, South Africa, in the Eastern Cape Province.
The church was a pilgrimage destination for people with epilepsy and therefore has notable carved wooden laity stalls, including the "Gerechtigkeitsspirale".
Iglesia de Santa María is a church in Asturias, Spain.
Tjøtta Church is a parish church in the municipality of Alstahaug in Nordland county, Norway.
The original an 13th-century chapelry declined and fell into ruins in the 17th century, partly due to damage caused by the English Civil War.
St Kentigern's Church, Aspatria, stands in the village of Aspatria, Cumbria, England.
Sæbø Church is a parish church in Radøy municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
The church lies in a secluded position off Wessex Lane, near the north-eastern edge of Southampton and is almost hidden in the Southampton University accommodation campus.
Songs are translated and sung bilingual in English and Japanese.
Second Presbyterian Church of Memphis, Tennessee is a historic congregation, in the Evangelical Presbyterian Church, located at 4055 Poplar Avenue.
The churchyard contains a memorial stone to George Albert Cairns VC.
The church is located on a cliff west of the town and dates to the 12th–14th centuries.
Services are held weekly on Sundays at 11am, parish news can be found on the website: http://www.pauanglican.org.nz/
All Saints’ Church, Youlgreave is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Youlgreave, Derbyshire.
Zoar Strict Baptist Chapel is a Strict Baptist place of worship in the hamlet of Lower Dicker in the English county of East Sussex.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Ormskirk, the archdeaconry of Warrington, and the diocese of Liverpool.
It also has other Church campuses in Kanagawa located in Atsugi  and Yokosuka.
In a normal year, there are about one or two baptisms and about the same number of confirmands.
It has been designated as a Grade I listed building.
The church was consecrated on 5 August 1875 and it was in regular use until 1971 when the new Hjelme Church was opened.
On his departure, he claimed that the church had become "cosy club for members who abide by the rules, accepting of their place in the hierarchy".
It is located in the village of Sæbø.
St. Elias Antiochian Orthodox Cathedral is an Antiochian Orthodox cathedral in Ottawa, Canada.
It is the seat of the Archbishop of Adelaide and Metropolitan of the Province of South Australia.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
It was established in the mid 16th century.
The medieval structure was lost in the Great Fire of London, and replaced by the present building, traditionally attributed to Sir Christopher Wren.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester, the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Chester.
Igreja da Ordem Terceira do Carmo is a church located in São Paulo, Brazil.
Today's basilica was built between 1672 and 1678.
Bangalore archbishop Bernard Moras re-dedicated the cathedral to St. Francis Xavier.
The Church of St Mary Magdalene, Sutton-in-Ashfield is a parish church in the Church of England in Sutton-in-Ashfield, Nottinghamshire.
The Byodo-In Temple is a non-denominational temple located on the island of O'ahu in Hawai'i at the Valley of the Temples.
All Souls has an international congregation, with all ages represented.
The enshrined relics were contributed by the King of Nepal, while the pagoda's hti was consecrated by Ne Win, the country's former leader.
St Michael's Church is a redundant Anglican church in the hamlet of Buslingthorpe, Lincolnshire, England.
It is one of two parishes in the city of Camden to be named St. Joseph.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
Trånghalla Church is a church building in Trånghalla in Sweden.
It is the seat of the bishop of the Steiermark diocese, called the Diocese of Graz-Seckau.
Founded in 1913, the Church of the Holy Family has undergone expansion and re-construction of its physical church over the years.
St Laurence's Church is in the village of Morland, Cumbria, England.
Old Gaupne Church was built using several of the parts from the old stave church, including the side planks of the western portals.
The pagoda was built in 1952 by U Nu in preparation for the Sixth Buddhist Council that he held from 1954-1956.
After the revolution, the chaplain at Moscow moved to Helsinki, where he was appointed to serve the British Legation.
In addition, the church provides active medical, dental and ENT charitable services for its poor parishioners within the community.
It lies within the Deanery of Westminster within the Diocese of London.
It has been called "one of the most pleasing modern churches."
Lagoinha Baptist Church is a Christian pentecostal megachurch located in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais in Brazil.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
It is noted for containing a mausoleum to leading members of the Yorkist dynasty of the Wars of the Roses.
St. Nicholas Church is the oldest surviving church in Lithuania, built in the Old Town of the capital city Vilnius.
Brook Street Chapel, is in the town of Knutsford, Cheshire, England.
The Cathedral of St. John the Baptist is located in the city of St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Dalmuir is an area on the western side of Clydebank, in West Dunbartonshire, Scotland.
It is a member of the Leigh deanery in the archdeaconry of Salford, diocese of Manchester.
Eikefjord Church is a parish church in Flora Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
The church is part of the parish of Oppdal in the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
Church of the Ascension grew until it was a large enough congregation and as a result they received their first official rector in 1905.
It is located in the village of Vikøy, a few kilometers south of the municipal centre of Norheimsund.
Today SFZC is the largest Sōtō organization in the West.
Members of this church called themselves 'Covenanters', as successors to those dissenters from the Church of Scotland.
The present parish is known as the Cathedral Community at The Sacred Heart Cathedral.
Built by subscription between 1840 and 1843, the Church was initially regarded as a chapel of ease to St Mary's Church in Broadwater.
Grytten Church is a parish church in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
The Cranbrook Strict Baptist Chapel, is a Strict Baptist place of worship in the town of Cranbrook in the English county of Kent.
It is positioned in a spectacular position among the houses on the Rollestone hillside.
The original church was built in 1675 in nearby Svorkmo and that church existed until 1816, when it was moved to nearby Smedshaugen.
San Thome Basilica is a Roman Catholic minor basilica in Santhome, in the city of Chennai, India.
The church was established in the 12th century.
The church is part of the Ålesund parish in the Nordre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre.
Old Karasjok Church is a former parish church in Karasjok Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
The church was constructed in 1747–1754, to a design by the Italian architect Bartolomeo Rastrelli.
With an overall height of 103 metres, it is the tallest Orthodox Christian church in the world.
It was built when the arrabal of Santa Cruz was established by the Jesuit Order in the early 17th century.
It is a Grade I listed building.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
Laurel Hill Presbyterian Church is a Presbyterian church in Dunbar, Pennsylvania.
Since 1541 it has been the seat of the Bishop of Chester.
St Wilfrid's Church, Screveton is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Screveton.
The church building is located on the corner of Bredisholm Road and Muirhead Road, Baillieston, Glasgow, Scotland.
St. Paul's Cathedral is the cathedral of the Episcopal Diocese of Western New York and a landmark of downtown Buffalo, New York.
The church has been a Grade II* listed building since 1955, and is the oldest building in the village by more than six centuries.
During the month of May, parishioners and other devotees perform the three-day Obando Dance inside the church, followed by a street procession.
Rubislaw Church is a Church of Scotland parish in the Queen's Cross area of Aberdeen, Scotland.
Uranienborg church is a parish church in Oslo, Norway.
It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
Across the road from the church is the Rectory, though the present incumbent chooses to live elsewhere in the parish.
The church is part of the Osterøy parish in the Arna og Åsane deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
It is located in the village of Eidsvik.
The temple is located in the central Chūō District in the city of Chiba.
St. John's Church is the oldest standing church in the Vellore Diocese.
St Andrew’s Church, Eakring is a Grade II* listed Church of England parish in the Diocese of Southwell and Nottingham in Eakring.
Along with the Kiri Vehera, it is one of the most revered stupas in Polonnaruwa.
Broad Street Baptist Church was a former Baptist Church in Nottingham from 1818 to 1901.
The medieval era stone church is located in the village of Ranemsletta.
It is the oldest Catholic church in the city and was, between 1924 and 1988, the cathedral of the Archdiocese of Belgrade.
The church has been decorated with wall paintings by Mikael Toppelius in the 1770s–1780s.
Relics of his life are kept inside.
The church is part of the Fosnes parish in the Namdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
St Peter's Church is a church in Threekingham, Lincolnshire.
The First Baptist Church on North Ripley Street in Montgomery, Alabama, is a historic landmark.
It is the headquarters of Christian Action Faith Ministries.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester, the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Malpas.
Though its formal name is Hokke-ji, it is more well known by its unofficial name, Mitahora Kōbō.
Mo Church is a parish church in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county, Norway.
St. Joseph Pro-Cathedral is a Catholic parish located on the east side of Camden, New Jersey, United States.
All Saints Church is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Holdenby, Northamptonshire, England.
Previous to this the LGBTQ community was closeted and underground.
The church later fell into disuse as a result of the growth of the nearby village of Valley and the church there.
The architects were Williams and Edwards and it was built by Richard and Paul Barker of Huyton in red ashlar sandstone.
Villa Loyola is a centre in Ignatian spirituality run by the Society of Jesus in Greater Sudbury, Ontario.
St. Lawrence’s Church, Karachi is part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Karachi.
It is in the ecclesiastical province of Dublin.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
The church is situated some 8 miles to the east of Grantham, about 1 mile south of the A52 road.
St Peter's Church is a redundant Anglican church in Wallingford, Oxfordshire, England.
The wooden chapel was built in 1916 and it seats about 120 people.
Named in honor of Saint Patrick, it is part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Philadelphia.
Tugu Church, is a Protestant church in Kampung Kurus, Semper Barat Administrative Village, Cilincing, Jakarta, Indonesia.
The wooden church was built in 1692 and was in regular use until 1910 when the new Gimmestad Church was completed.
Christ Church Cathedral is the pro-cathedral for the Episcopal Diocese of Indianapolis.
The parish lies on the north-western tip of Agra Diocese, bordering with the Delhi Diocese on the west and Meerut Diocese on the north.
Nærøy parish is the smallest parish in Sogn og Fjordane county in the Diocese of Bjørgvin with 104 members in 1999.
St. James Catholic Church is a Catholic church in Crosstown, Missouri.
Retreats are for beginners and experienced practitioners of meditation.
It is a Grade I listed building.
Holy Trinity the Less was a parish church in Knightrider Street the City of London, destroyed in the Great Fire of London.
It was devoted to the image of the crucifix, similar to one venerated in Lucca.
The current church was completed in 1952.
The wooden church building was constructed in 1890 by the architect K. Guttormsen.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
Holy Name Church is a relatively large church.
Its incumbent is shared with St Mary and All Saints Church, Great Budworth.
The cathedral is the mother church of the Diocese of Salisbury and is the seat of the Bishop of Salisbury, currently the Right Reverend Nick Holtam.
It is about 200m from Cockfosters tube station.
St John's Church is in the village of Threapwood, Cheshire, England.
The church is part of the Ålhus parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
It was destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
Lucy Holt is the current minister of the church.
St Barnabas’ Church, Ryland Street, Birmingham is a former Church of England parish church in Birmingham.
Worship is conducted in the Liberal High Church tradition.
It is situated on New London Road, next to Our Lady Immaculate Primary School, close to the junction with Anchor Street, in the city centre.
Aldersund Church is a parish church in the municipality of Lurøy in Nordland county, Norway.
The church is part of the Gildeskål parish in the Bodø deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland.
Iglesia de San Pedro is a 19th-century, Neoclassical-style, Roman Catholic church in Pola de Siero, Siero, Asturias, Spain.
In one arm of the transept is the Crucifixion with Madonna and St John the Baptist, an 18th-century wood sculpture by Nicola Fumo.
The church's leadership is defined as led by "elders" and the day-to-day operations are managed by the staff.
Holy Family Parish predates the establishment of the Diocese of Orange and has served as the diocesan cathedral since the diocese's establishment in 1976.
The Church of Saint Lazarus, is a late-9th century church in Larnaca, Cyprus.
The church today serves the town of Baillieston.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester, the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Bowdon.
It was dedicated to St Olaf, a Norwegian Christian ally of the English king Ethelred II.
It was the main church in the parish of Kinn until 1882, when the new Florø Church was built in the newly founded city of Florø.
News reports stated that the center was deeply financially in debt to Merzel.
It is the parish church of Paddington.
The architect Charles Bell designed it in a revival of Decorated Gothic.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Liverpool, the archdeaconry of Liverpool, and the deanery of Toxteth and Wavertree.
Husøy Church is a parish church in Solund Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
Important ruins at the temple premises include stone statues of lord Buddha and two statues of old kings or gods.
The church is part of the Kvæfjord parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
The wooden church building was constructed in 1954 to seat about 200 people.
It is a Grade II listed building.
The church is located in the west end of Davenport, Iowa, United States, at the corner of Fillmore and W. 6th Streets.
The church also presents an annual Easter drama, The Crucifixion, which has been performed every year since 1985.
It is a typical late Medieval church and has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
It is one of the legendary "365 churches of Famagusta".
Björke Church is a medieval Lutheran church in Björke on the Swedish island of Gotland, in the Diocese of Visby.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Furness, the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness, and the diocese of Carlisle.
The Saint Augustine Parish Church, commonly known as Bantay Church, is a Roman Catholic church in Bantay, Ilocos Sur in the Philippines.
It was designed by Lucas Faydherbe and is protected structure; described by the city council of Mechelen as one of its 8 historic churches.
The church has a ring of 6 bells for bell ringing.
The church is designated by Cadw as a Grade I listed building.
St Cosmas and St Damian's Church is a redundant Anglican church standing in a farmyard in Stretford, Herefordshire, England.
The altarpiece was taken from the previous church, dates from around 1510, and resembles altarpieces produced by Bernt Notke in Lübeck.
Many local people have fond memories of these events.
The church is on Downshire Square, a tree-lined square in West Reading close to the Bath Road.
It is a branch temple of Myōshin-ji in Kyoto, Kyoto Prefecture, Japan.
For example, Canadian group Great Lake Swimmers played two shows at the Church of the Redeemer on April 14, 2007.
The parish church of St Mary and St Cuthbert is a Church of England church in Chester-le-Street, County Durham, England.
The white wooden chapel was built in 1989 and it seats about 100 people.
The churchyard contains war graves of a Royal Field Artillery soldier of World War I and an airman of World War II.
The St. Patrick Church is a Roman Catholic Church situated in the locality of Siddakatte, Bantwal.
This church is part of the Eastern Oklahoma Presbytery of the United Presbyterian Church in the USA.
It was dedicated by Brother Manalo in 1948.
The church was designed by the Danish architect Thomas Havning who won a public contest for a new church design in 1933.
St. Leo's Roman Catholic Church is a Catholic church in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Along with St. Agnes Cathedral in Springfield, Missouri it is the seat of the Diocese of Springfield-Cape Girardeau.
The Emigrant Church at Sletta is a unique chapel in Radøy municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
The artwork by J. E. H. MacDonald, Frederick Varley, and Franklin Carmichael is religious iconography, something they are not generally known for.
The churchyard has the tallest wooden bell tower in Denmark, which dates back to 1650.
By 1717, the damage to the cathedral was so extensive that the church seriously considered removal of the see.
The church is part of the Nærøy parish in the Namdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
The city was moved to its current location after the fire in 1666.
Monmouth Baptist Church is located in Monk Street, Monmouth, south east Wales.
Mary, Queen of the World Cathedral is a minor basilica in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, and the seat of the Roman Catholic archdiocese of Montreal.
St Mary with St Alban is the Church of England parish church of Teddington in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.
The entire cathedral is housed in the Nitra Castle precinct, much like Prague Castle.
It was designed by J. C. M. Keith of Victoria, British Columbia.
It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Hartford.
The church is part of the Jørpeland parish in the Ryfylke deanery in the Diocese of Stavanger.
It is an active parish church in the Diocese of Liverpool and the archdeaconry of Warrington.
It currently serves as a conference and residential centre for the Archdiocese of St Andrews and Edinburgh.
The church, which is dedicated to St Andrew, is located at the junction of Bethune Road and Dunsmure Road in London N16.
In 1961, the church was given the status of cathedral in connection with the establishment of the Diocese of Helsingør.
Trinity-St. Paul's United Church is a church belonging to the United Church of Canada in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Its ancient chancel arch and doorway have remarkable carvings with "grotesque, boggle-eyed monsters", rare beakhead figures and chevron ornamentation.
In 1702 Arp Schnitger built an organ for the Broerekerk in Groningen.
The church is a large cube shape, and it seats 300 people, and the main sanctuary is expandable up to 550 people.
Isaac Wright was also the first pastor of Wesley.
Fore Church is a parish church in the municipality of Meløy in Nordland county, Norway.
It is located in the village of Lakselvbukt on the southeastern shore of the inner Ullsfjorden.
The Central Pori Church is a church in Gothic Revival style in the centre of the city of Pori, Western Finland.
Bremanger Church is a parish church in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
The church is noted in particular for its 14th- and 15th-century medieval wall paintings.
According to Nikolaus Pevsner the building is early medieval, including the low western tower.
The current parish priest is Reverend Father Mario P. Rivera.
St Helen's Church is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Little Cawthorpe, Lincolnshire, England.
Most missionaries present in Palestine at the time were Evangelical Anglicans, but Blyth was from the Anglo-Catholic party of the Church of England.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester, the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Nantwich.
The Byōbuura Gogakusan Tanjō-in Zentsū-ji is a temple of the Shingon sect in Zentsūji, Kagawa, Japan.
St Ambrose's Church is a Roman Catholic parish church in Heathgate Avenue, Speke, Liverpool, Merseyside, England.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Solway, the archdeaconry of West Cumberland, and the diocese of Carlisle.
The church closed in November 1926 and was demolished soon afterwards.
The Russian Orthodox church in Tunis, also called 'Church of the Resurrection' is a church Orthodox of the city of Tunis.
St Clement Danes is known as one of the two 'Island Churches', the other being St Mary-le-Strand.
The dome is 135 feet feet from the ground.
Today the church is a historic protected site that is only used as a church in special occasions.
Designed by architect Andrew Heiton of Perth, Scotland, it is a decorated Gothic building, with a spire 180 feet high.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
It serves a multi-lingual congregation, including descendants of the original congregation.
Following the closure of RAF Binbrook, the building was converted to a community centre to serve the newly formed village of Brookenby.
The church is part of the Hopen parish in the Ytre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre.
Robert Lentz, OFM, completed the last of 14 icons that adorn the icon wall behind the altar.
St Dunawd's Church, Bangor Is-coed, is in the village of Bangor Is-coed, Wrexham County Borough, Wales.
The Cathedral of St. Joseph is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Manchester in New Hampshire, United States.
The church was consecrated on 16 February 2003 by the Bishop Odd Bondevik.
The FEC contains 60 churches located in Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Maine, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Ohio, and Pennsylvania.
It is the flagship church of the Catch The Fire movement, and is also affiliated with the Partners in Harvest group of churches.
It was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1990.
Island Hermitage on Dodanduwa Island, Galle District, Sri Lanka is a famous Buddhist forest monastery founded by Ven.
It is considered the "Mother Church of Italian immigrants" of the diocese.
To its north are the earthworks of a former medieval village.
It was renovated in 1562 by the orders of Borbála Fánchy, the owner of the Castle of Diósgyőr.
The architect Christian Henrik Grosch made the designs for the church.
The white wooden church was constructed in 1872 and designed by Rasmus M. Overrein.
The church had its own cemetery, burial chapel, crematorium and a modern assembly room.
Kalmar Cathedral is in the city of Kalmar in Småland in southeast Sweden, situated on the Baltic Sea.
It is located in the village of Haga.
It was consecrated on 2 June 1905 as part of the Dønnes parish and had 4 worship services each year.
The Tower and contents are Grade I listed.
North Point Community Church is a non-denominational, evangelical Christian megachurch located in Alpharetta, Georgia, a suburb of Atlanta.
St Paulinus’ Church, Ollerton is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Ollerton.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Skipton, the archdeaconry of Craven, and the Diocese of Leeds.
St John the Evangelist’s Church, Perry Barr is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Perry Barr.
Klinte Church is a medieval Lutheran church on the Swedish island of Gotland, not far from Klintehamn, in the Diocese of Visby.
Its benefice is united with that of St Bede.
Bethel Chapel, The Bars, Guildford, is a Strict Baptist Chapel affiliated to the Gospel Standard group of Strict & Particular Baptist churches.
St Andrew and St Mary’s is significant for its association with, and memorials to, the Easton Hall Cholmeley and the Stoke Rochford Hall Turnor families.
It is located in the town of Skudeneshavn on the southern tip of the island of Karmøy.
Åkra Church is a parish church in Karmøy municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.
St Luke's Church is in the village of Hodnet, Shropshire, England.
It is perhaps most famous for its widely publicized apparition of Jesus event.
The relics belong to St Candida to whom the church is dedicated.
This work included building the north aisle and adding a spire to the tower, which dates from the 1730s.
St John is within the Anglo-Catholic of the Church of England and has the Mass at the centre of parish life.
The Church of La Visitation-de-la-Bienheureuse-Vierge-Marie is a church in the neighbourhood of Recollet Falls in Montreal.
Wadsley Parish Church is situated within the city of Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England.
Hans Tausen's Church is a Church of Denmark parish church in the Islands Brygge neighbourhood of Copenhagen, Denmark.
From October 2006 the congregation of Richmond Green United Reformed Church met for worship in a new building in Quadrant Road, behind the previous church building.
Faith and St. Laurence's Church, Harborne is a parish church in the Church of England in Harborne, Birmingham.
The Duval Center, one of several buildings on the St. Monica campus, was designed by Frank Gehry and built in 1998.
Inside the church, the main features of interest are the 11th-century chancel arch, the remnants of a 13th-century wall painting and the 12th-century font.
On Sunday 4 October 1857, St. Mary’s had its grand opening, which consisted of a two-and-three-quarter hour ceremony that began at 6.15am.
The church will have one Sunday Mass, all Holy Days of Obligation, weddings, funerals, and baptisms upon request.
There is documentary evidence of its existence, however, dating back to 1150 AD when King David I granted it to the monastery of Dryburgh.
St John the Baptist’s Church, Timberhill, Norwich is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Norwich.
The church is located in the village of Støren.
It also contains paintings of the Pinatubo eruption in 1991.
It is located in the village of Årdalstangen, at the end of the Årdalsfjorden.
St Catherine's is a working church with prayer and daily mass services.
Shelter of Our Most Holy Lady Church is an Orthodox church in Riga, the capital of Latvia.
A new church was built at Eide and it was consecrated on 7 April 1895 by Bishop Peter W. K. Bøckman, Sr.
The Church of All Saints is the parish church in the village of Darton in South Yorkshire, England.
Historically, this was the main church for the old Borgund Municipality.
The church is home to well known Christian recording artist Kari Jobe.
Talland Parish Church is a Grade I listed building dramatically located on the cliff-top at Talland near Looe in Cornwall.
The crematorium was a rare example of ancient craftsmanship featuring ornate stencils and lacquered sculptures.
Saint Sophia Cathedral is a Russian Orthodox cathedral, the oldest surviving stone building in the city of Vologda.
St Mary's Church, Rhodogeidio is a small medieval church, dating from the 15th century, near Llannerch-y-medd, in Anglesey, north Wales.
Skrolsvik Chapell is a parish church in the municipality of Tranøy in Troms county, Norway.
The church is part of the Sørreisa parish in the Senja deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
The church, which seats about 370 people, was consecrated on 20 September 1865.
It was established in the 10th century and was run initially as a convent.
Canon Raggs Ragan, as well as a number of non-stipendiary clergy, such as the Very Rev.
It is no longer used for worship, but instead hosts public events or concerts of Tunisian music and classical music.
The architect was George Dance the Younger, surveyor to the City of London.
Its benefice is united with those of Christ Church, Crowton, and St John the Evangelist, Norley.
St Matthias Church is an Anglican church in Richmond, London.
The church has also been known as Breedon Priory and as the Holy Hill Monastery.
Strandarkirkja is a Lutheran parish church in Selvogur, on the southern coast of Iceland.
Haltdalen Church is a parish church in the municipality of Holtålen in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
Its benefice is united with those of St Bride, Kirkbride, and St John the Evangelist, Newton Arlosh.
Balsfjord Church is a parish church in the municipality of Balsfjord in Troms county, Norway.
The painting of the Apostles St. Peter and St. Paul at the high altar was painted by Mihály Kovács in 1855.
Zion Lutheran Church is located in Fredericksburg, in Gillespie County, in the U.S. state of Texas.
The old woman raised funds amongst the prostitutes in her brothel to build the temple in 1833.
It is located in the village of Lånke, just east of Hell.
Seven Saxon kings of England, including Athelstan and Ethelred the Unready, were crowned here in the 10th century.
St John the Theologian’s Church, Norwich is a Grade I listed parish church formerly in the Church of England, now a Greek Orthodox Church in Norwich.
St. George is a Roman Catholic church in Bridgeport, Connecticut, part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
It is designated by Historic England as a Grade I listed building.
The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 6, 1986.
It is the first Post-Reformation Roman Catholic church built in Halifax.
Repairs were paid for by the Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings who sold a collection of Thomas Hardy’s manuscripts to raise the funding.
St Luke's Church, Blakenhall is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Blakenhall, Wolverhampton.
The church is part of the Stangvik parish in the Indre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre.
St Michael and All Angels Church, in Bassett, Southampton, is an Anglican parish church which dates from the late 19th century.
It is an early example of Richard Upjohn's work in translating Gothic architecture from stone to affordable designs for small, wooden churches.
Tom Cunningham of Barrie, Ontario was Called and Inducted to the St. Giles and Centreville Pastoral Charge on July 27, 2008.
Major restoration of the church took place about 1862-3.
Hope Church is an Evangelical church in Richmond, Virginia.
Catholics call it the "Mother Church of the city of York."
It is located in the town of Spišská Kapitula and is the cathedral church of the Spiš diocese.
The cathedral's overall plan was made by Carlo Lurago, its interior decoration by Giovanni Battista Carlone, and its frescos by Carpoforo Tencalla.
The only possible conclusion is that this is one of the oldest stave churches still standing.
The cathedral is one of the three Anglican cathedrals in Hong Kong.
The church is also known as Saint-Arbogast Church.
The Martin Luther Church is a church building in Nyhem in Halmstad, Sweden.
The tourist entry fee at the door is £18 for adults, but no charge is made to worshippers.
Vatne Church is a parish church in Haram Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
Aruna Ratanagiri Buddhist Monastery is a Theravada Buddhist monastery of the Thai Forest Tradition in Northumberland, England.
St John's Church is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Duxford, Cambridgeshire, England.
Chaophraya Nikonbodin was an ancestor of the Kalayanamitr family, whose descendants include Saprang Kalayanamitr.
The church, which seats about 250 people, was consecrated on 17 November 1861.
St Peter's Church is a Church of England parish church in Caversham, a suburb of Reading in the English county of Berkshire.
The church lends its names to the local village.
All Saints Church is in the village of Scholar Green in the parish of Odd Rode, Cheshire, England.
The church is located in Brzeg, Opole Voivodeship in Poland.
Biddlestone Chapel is a redundant Roman Catholic chapel in Biddlestone, Northumberland, England.
The church lands were sold to developers and the massive Four Seasons Renaissance Centre was built on them.
The Roman Catholic Parish of Our Lady of the Angels is located in Nuneaton, Warwickshire, England.
The church now serves as a historical site for touristic visits.
The Church of San Ferdinando is a historic church located on the Piazza Triesti e Trento, near the Royal Palace of Naples, in central Naples, Italy.
Hasselvika Church is a parish church in the municipality of Rissa in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
Shōhō-ji is a Buddhist temple of the Ōbaku school of Buddhism in Gifu, Gifu Prefecture, Japan.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
The Priory Church is an Anglican parish church in Leominster, Herefordshire, England, dedicated to Saint Peter and Saint Paul.
The church is Grade II* listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport.
St Giles' Church, Holme is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Holme, Nottinghamshire.
The old church was built in 1645 and it sat just a little north and west of the present church.
Grace Church of Kilmarnock, Lancaster County, Virginia is the largest rural Episcopal church in the Commonwealth.
Stenkyrka Church is a medieval Lutheran church in Stenkyrka on the Swedish island of Gotland.
In the 1980s, a church hall, designed by Ken Murta and Austin Peter Fawcett, was added to the south of the church.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
It is dedicated to Saint Alban, the first martyr of Great Britain.
Notre-Dame de Reims is a Roman Catholic church in Reims, France, built in the High Gothic style.
The wall painting in the baptismal chapel shows the year 1462 – Pope Pius II allowing abbots of Žďár to use pontifical regalia.
It is a Grade I listed building.
St. Jude Malankara Catholic Church is a parish of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Exarchate in the United States located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, US.
Christ Church is an Anglican church in the town and seaside resort of St Leonards-on-Sea, part of the Borough of Hastings in East Sussex, England.
The First Zen Institute's founder, Sokei-an, was Sokatsu's student and came to America with him in 1906 to establish a Zen community.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
The Shonen-ji temple complex is situated at the base of Genbuzan mountain, about 12 km outside central Takachiho.
St. Cecilia is a Roman Catholic church in Stamford, Connecticut, United States, part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
It is a Grade II listed building.
It is the cathedral or seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Masbate.
The Gothic Revival cathedral is modelled after St. Mary's Church, Snettisham, Norfolk.
The current pagoda is a reconstruction from 1975, and holds the original reliquary that was saved from the fire in 1944.
The wooden church was built in 1901 to seat about 500 people.
It is home to one of the oldest Malankara Syrian Catholic group.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 29, 1984.
The high altar of St. Joseph and the terracotta Stations of the Cross were a gift from Pope Pius XII.
St John's is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
It is also a National shrine under the direction of the Diocese of Brownsville.
It dates to the 9th century and was declared a national monument in 1931.
There are icons in the church, painted by the Bulgarian painter Kosta Krastev in 1856.
The church is situated at the address 34 Slokas Street.
St Columba's is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Newton, Chester.
The church is a Grade I listed building as of 6 December 1950.
Dønnes Church is a 13th-century parish church in the municipality of Dønna in Nordland county, Norway.
It is the second largest church in the city of Trondheim.
The community currently worships in the chapel at Saint Mary's College of California.
St Helena's Church, West Leake is a parish church in the Church of England in West Leake, Nottinghamshire.
The church stands to the south of the village, adjacent to Little Bromley Hall.
The church is part of the Porsanger parish in the Indre Finnmark deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
The monastery is under the direction of Thich Nhat Hanh's Order of Interbeing in the Vietnamese Zen tradition.
Following the 1897 earthquake and the subsequent massive earthquake of 1934, when Calcutta suffered substantial damage, the cathedral was reconstructed to a revised design.
It was built in 1860 by the Society of Jesus.
It is in the Catholic parish of Bury St Edmunds.
The current cathedral building on Cookridge Street was completed in 1904, and was restored in 2006.
Malayatoor and Kodanad villages are located on the opposite banks of the Periyar river with unspoiled and rustic views of the surroundings.
Saltstraumen Church is a parish church in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county, Norway.
The rectory and chapel were completed in 1892.
Only the precentor's manse is substantially intact; two others have been incorporated into private buildings.
Saint Piran's Chapel is a long, single storey slate construction in the hamlet of Trethevy in the parish of Tintagel, Cornwall, UK.
The church is part of the Ølve parish in the Sunnhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
The hospital was therefore also an Augustinian house.
It was bifurcated from the parish of Ayyampettai.
Ajahn Chah visited the monastery at its inception and Cittaviveka is the first branch monastery of Wat Pah Pong to be established outside of Thailand.
Our Lady of Mount Carmel is a Roman Catholic church located at 128 Gove Street in East Boston, Massachusetts.
It was opened in 1929 and is a national monument.
Iglesia de San Vicente is a church in Asturias, Spain.
It is set within the churchyard of St Cybi's, Holyhead, and may have been built on the site where Cybi lived and ministered.
James Douglas(s), was inducted in 1834, a native of Monaghan, in Ireland, who came from a congregation in Lisbon, Pennsylvania.
Restored by the Caracciolo Family, it was ceded in 1570 to the Theatine Order.
The church can be easily seen from the Oude Vest and the Burcht van Leiden by its round dome.
St Joseph's Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Stockport, Greater Manchester, England.
It is located in the tiny hamlet of Brattvær, just south of the larger village of Råket on the western coast of the island of Smøla.
The church, which was built in stages, is one of the major landmarks of St Kilda.
Built in 1840, the church is known for its glass-work by René Lalique.
It was his nephew Per Brahe the Younger who inherited the building and dedicated the new church in 1636.
It is part of the Diocese of Arundel and Brighton.
Designed by the Russian architect Aleksey Gornostayev.
It is one of the oldest buildings in the London Borough of Haringey, being built as All Saints Church in the 12th century.
Southampton Central Baptist Church is a Baptist church located in the Polygon area of Southampton, Hampshire.
The white, wooden chapel was built and consecrated in 1960.
It replaced an earlier building only half its size which, at the time of its demolition, was less than 60 years old.
St Pancras Old Church is a Church of England parish church in Somers Town, central London.
A new parish was created for Christ Church, out of those of St Nicholas and St Ewin, and part of that of St Sepulchre.
It is in the heart of the old village at Catalan Bay, overlooking the sea.
According to church tradition, it was originally built in Romanesque style in 1015, although no archaeological remains exist.
Følling Church is a parish church in the municipality of Steinkjer in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
The church is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Bridgeport.
It is located in the village of Årland.
It is located in the grounds of Studley Royal Park at Fountains Abbey, in North Yorkshire, England.
Boughton is part of a united Benefice along with Pitsford.
St John's Church, Ranmoor is a large parish church in Ranmoor, a suburb of the City of Sheffield, England.
It was designed by architect E. W. Pugin, and built in 1866 as a private chapel for the Anderton family.
St Mary's Church is a city centre church in Lichfield, Staffordshire in the United Kingdom, located on the south side of the market square.
It is an Anglican church in the Diocese of London.
It was converted around 1980 and after being run as the Pakistani League of Friends, is now an Pakistan Community Centre.
Sites on the list are generally from the First Period of American architecture or earlier.
The church is located on the headland between Brunnsviken and Ulvsundasjön, at the southern end of the cemetery Norra begravningsplatsen.
This building is now the parish hall.
The first built in Tannuk church dates back to 1915 and was built by German Jesuit missionaries.
In 2001, the parish of Our Lady of Mount Carmel incorporated the nearby parish of St Finbar.
The principal architect was Ralph Adams Cram.
The white, wooden church was built in 1867 and it was consecrated on 23 July 1867.
St Paul's Church, Colwyn Bay is an active Anglican parish church in the town of Colwyn Bay, Wales.
St Mary's, Bourne Street is an Anglican church on Bourne Street near Sloane Square in London.
It seats about 200 people and it holds at least one worship service each month.
The temple is built within grounds of some 9,000 square metres.
Røyrvik Church is a parish church in the municipality of Røyrvik in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
It is the oldest church of the Anglican Communion and Episcopal tradition in the Chicago area, having been founded in 1834.
Its titular is Saint Louis of Toulouse.
The stave church was likely rose painted inside too.
It is located in the village of Åram in the northern part of the municipality.
The chapel's design attracted great interest, being circular in plan with a domed roof.
Its benefice is combined with those of St James, Audlem, and St Chad, Wybunbury.
Peter and Paul in Galata, it was one of the three Levantine parishes in Beyoglu
Remnants of the church's medieval past include transept arches and some of the stonework around the lancet windows.
Their mission statement is "Working together for growing God's family, a place where integrity is honored, training is valued, compassion is expected, and outreach is emphasized."
St. Joseph Parish is designated for Polish immigrants in Claremont, New Hampshire, United States.
St. Jude Parish was founded in 1950.
It is located in the village of Šuoššjávri.
Constructed with an Earthquake Baroque design, the church is maintained and is still being used up to present.
The church was raized during the War in the Vendée, and later renovated under the Empire in the early 19th century.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Kendal, the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness, and the diocese of Carlisle.
While its status as a Basilica is disputed, many Poles of Buffalo hold it in high regard.
It is located in the village of Bakkasund on the island of Stora Kalsøy in the northwestern part of the municipality.
The church is part of the Hatlestrand parish in the Sunnhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
Tilst Church is the only church in Tilst Parish but it is a part of the Tilst-Kasted pastorate which includes Tilst and Kasted Churches.
This led to legal wrangling over the church property.
The white wooden church was built in 1952 to serve the southern part of the municipality of Hamarøy.
St. Joseph's Cathedral Basilica is a minor basilica in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
However, a church has been around at Ekhagen since the early 1960s.
The building was constructed for use as a meeting place for local Christians affiliated with the Plymouth Brethren movement.
Shirelive Church is a Pentecostal Christian church affiliated with Australian Christian Churches, the Australian branch of the Assemblies of God denomination.
St Stephen's Church, Westbourne Park, is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in London.
This church is famous for its appearance as a temple.
It was enlarged and re-consecrated in 1215 after the signing of Magna Carta.
Its benefice is combined with those of St Oswald, Malpas and Holy Trinity, Bickerton.
The church was built in 1892 to a design by Douglas and Fordham of Chester.
The parish is in the Episcopal Diocese of Florida.
Iglesia de Santa María is a 13th-century church in the concejo of Villaviciosa, in the Principality of Asturias, Spain.
The altarpiece from 1702 has the image of the Crucifixion.
It is the parish church for Wilton, within the diocese of Bath and Wells, and a Grade II* listed building.
In 2014 the tabernacle was moved from its original location on the side of the sanctuary to directly behind the altar.
Victory World Church is a multi-cultural non-denominational Christian megachurch located in Norcross, Georgia.
Its benefice is combined with those of Holy Trinity, Bickerton, St Wenefrede, Bickley, and All Saints, Harthill.
The church was located on 309-315 East 33rd Street, in the Kips Bay area of Manhattan.
It was built in 1959 and designed by Henry Bingham Towner.
St George's was built during the Gothic Revival, and bears resemblance to the Somerset towers.
Church of Holy Salvation in a small village of Cetina is a Serbian Orthodox church in Šibenik-Knin County, Croatia.
It has hosted visits by cardinals and leaders of other faiths, including one Archbishop of Canterbury, and the weddings of two Catholic governors' daughters.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade  II listed building.
The wooden choir was designed by Benvenuto Tortelli da Brescia, and became a model for others in Southern Italy.
John Betjeman described St Peter and St Paul's church as "a typical town church with four-aisled nave, rather dark and dusty".
The church is the main church of the deanery.
Arockiya Nathar means one who always saves from sickness and gives good health.
Willibald and Salvator in Eichstätt was built in the 8th century.
All Saints Church, Vange, is a redundant Anglican church in the former village of Vange, now part of the town of Basildon, Essex, England.
The church was built between the years 1888 and 1891 The former Oulunsalo church was destroyed in a fire caused by lightning in the summer 1882.
The church was erected with the relocation of the Episcopal See from Zeitz in 1028, next to an old parish church.
St. Helen's Church, St. Helens is a parish church in the Church of England located in St Helens on the Isle of Wight.
It is situated at Green Lane, Penang.
It became a listed building on 22 February 1963.
It is dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary.
In another restoration attempt in 1885, the larger part of the frescoes in the naos were painted over rather ineptly.
Of medieval origin, it was rebuilt from 1510.
Before that church was built, records show that there once was a church on the nearby island of Kyrkøyna.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Liverpool, the archdeaconry of Liverpool, and the deanery of Toxteth and Wavertree.
Hafslo Church is a parish church in Luster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
Many members of the Moorfields congregation transferred their allegiance, and numerous benefactions were also transferred.
It is located on the western coast of the island of Vanna.
Its benefice has been united with those of St John the Baptist, Corney, St Mary, Whicham, and St Mary, Whitbeck.
Kunes Chapel is a chapel in Lebesby Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.
Dunnottar Parish Church is a parish church of the Church of Scotland, serving Stonehaven in the south of Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
Caldey Island has been known as one of the centres of Cistercian activity since Celtic times and thrived during medieval Europe.
Holliston Church is a church in Pasadena, California, United States.
It is now known as Old Saint Mary's Church.
One of them, the "Bell of Yongjoosa", is designated national treasure 120.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the Anglican Diocese of Manchester.
As the Catholic population grew, the size of the parish diminished as new ones were established.
It subsequently fell into a state of disrepair, however since 1994 has been preserved by a local charity, Friends Of Loudoun Kirk.
Previously the cathedral of the Diocese of Ross, it is now one of three cathedrals in the United Dioceses of Cork, Cloyne and Ross.
Mariendal Church is a church in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen, Denmark.
Heggstad Church is a parish church in the municipality of Inderøy in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
Edith Barry was trapped beneath fallen beams, and was euthanized as flames from the post-earthquake conflagration approached the building.
The temple grounds have been designated as Historic Site of Japan on February 14, 1973.
It is dedicated to St Tallanus and as such is unique in Britain.
The church is part of the Nevernes parish in the Indre Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland.
Lyse Chapel is a small parish church in Forsand municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.
It was first built as an ordination hall between 1515 and 1521 by King Thazata, and restored by Min Bin between 1534 and 1542.
The narthex allegedly contained a sarcophagus quite possibly of a Croatian king.
The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
Rute Church is a medieval Lutheran church in Rute on the Swedish island Gotland, in the Baltic Sea.
St. Andrew's Church is a working church with hourly prayer and daily services and follows Roman Catholic sect of Christianity.
It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Worcester.
Novo Mesto Cathedral or St. Nicholas's Cathedral in Novo Mesto is the seat of the Diocese of Novo Mesto and a landmark of the town.
The Church of the Assumption of Mary ia a Catholic church in the city of Astrakhan.
The Basilica dell'Ausiliatrice was built on the site of their death.
The church is dedicated to St Leonard.
Penrose Methodist Chapel is a redundant Methodist chapel approximately 1.5 miles west of the hamlet of St Ervan in Cornwall, England.
During the 1950s, Roger T Forster, founder of Ichthus Christian Fellowship was a regular preacher whilst doing National Service with the RAF.
St Bride's Roman Catholic Church is located in East Kilbride in Scotland.
St Luke's Church is in Lodge Road, Orrell, Wigan, Greater Manchester, England.
It was built in 1970 by the architect Arne Aursand to serve the northern part of the municipality.
The church is used for worship by the Church in Wales, one of seven in a combined parish.
The church is part of the Nord-Rana parish in the Indre Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland.
St. Peter's Church is church located in the Norrmalm district of Stockholm, Sweden.
The parish church, dedicated to Saint Bartholomew, is under the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Fernando.
St. Mary's Catholic Church is a large and notable church in the city of Huntington, Indiana, and was completed on October 11, 1896.
The white, wooden church was built in 1866 by the architect Jacob Wilhelm Nordan.
The church lies to the north of the main village, set apart at the bottom of a small valley.
It is the see of the Patriarchal Exarchate for Orthodox Parishes of Russian Tradition in Western Europe, under the jurisdiction of the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople.
It was named after the 4th-century bishop Severin of Cologne.
Flora Chapel is a chapel in the municipality of Stjørdal in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
These pictures, together with the late medieval carved wooden figure of the dragon slayer from app.
It is an active Church of England parish church in the Diocese of Blackburn, the archdeaconry of Lancaster, and the deanery of Lancaster and Morecambe.
Essen Minster, since 1958 also Essen Cathedral is the seat of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Essen, the "Diocese of the Ruhr", founded in 1958.
The church is still used for worship by the Church in Wales, as one of four churches in a combined parish.
Wesley Church is a working church with hourly prayer and daily services and follows Protestant sect of Christianity.
So'zan Miller Roshi, one of Hosokawa Roshi's dharma heirs, was appointed the first Daiyuzenji shike.
It is the seat of the Diocese of Crookston.
Established in 1367, the temple served as a major national temple for the Okinawan kingdom of Chūzan and the unified Ryūkyū Kingdom which would follow.
Built during Father Le Loutre's War, it is the oldest surviving Protestant church in Canada and the oldest building in Halifax.
Its benefice is combined with that of St Matthew, Haslington.
It is an Anglican church in the Diocese of London.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
The Ottawa French Seventh-day Adventist Church is a francophone Seventh-day Adventist church in Ottawa, Canada.
The square-headed screen is of unique interest.
The building was designed by the notable architect Frederick de Jersey Clere.
After Lowder's death in 1880, Maurice Bingham Adams was engaged to design extensions in his memory.
It is the only church in Glasgow to be run by the Society of Jesus.
Our Lady of Mount Carmel is a Roman Catholic Church on High Park Street in Dingle, Liverpool.
Wheaton Bible Church consists of three congregations, Wheaton Bible Church and Iglesia del Pueblo in West Chicago and Tri-Village Church in Streamwood—sharing one board of elders.
King of Peace Episcopal Church is an Episcopal church located at 6230 Laurel Island Parkway, Kingsland, Georgia.
There were three previous churches in Kroer before the present one was built.
Vanylven Church is a parish church in Vanylven Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
It is an active Methodist church in the circuit of Chester.
Prior to 1991, this chapel was part of the Askvoll municipality.
The church is part of the Fortun parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
The Kottapuram diocese was formed by dividing the Varappuzha diocese.
Daugavgrīva White Church is a Lutheran church in Riga, the capital of Latvia.
It is part of the "Historic Monuments of Ancient Kyoto", a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
The font dates from the 15th century and the pulpit from 1633.
Not to be confused with Dundee Parish Church
It is the seat of All Saints Parish, Diocese of Maryland, which covers most of Frederick County, Maryland and once covered most of Western Maryland.
Doctrinally, IHOPKC is charismatic, post-tribulational, and affirms historic premillennialism.
Church of Saint Peter and Saint Paul in Sinichya Gora in Veliky Novgorod is one of Russia's oldest churches, dating from 1192.
The Habo Mission Covenant Church is a church building in Habo, Sweden.
The temple is called Manuha to this day.
All Saints' Church at Boyne Hill is a Grade I listed Church of England parish church in Maidenhead in the English county of Berkshire.
This church is a member of the Baptist Union of Southern Africa.
It was founded in 1851 by the Society of Jesus and was rebuilt in 1973.
In 2010, Christopher Budd, Bishop of Plymouth, announced that the church was to close due to the unavailability of a priest to celebrate mass there.
St. Margaret's Episcopal Church is an Episcopal church in Woodbridge, Virginia.
Laksevåg Church is a parish church in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
The present church seats about 430 people.
Christian Heinrich Grosch was the architect that designed the building.
It is important pilgrimage site in Asia.
Our Lady of Grace is a Roman Catholic church in Stratford, Connecticut, and part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
Skøelv Chapel is a chapel in the municipality of Sørreisa in Troms county, Norway.
Multiple services are offered at five different locations: Elk River, St.
The actual parish existed from before 1404.
Lowder organised Sisters of Mercy and others to care for the sick and raised funds for a tented hospital.
The organ currently has 17,774 pipes and 233 registers, all of which can be played with the five-manual general console in the gallery.
The church was bombed in the Second World War, and the bell tower was reconstructed just after the war.
Holy Trinity Church stands to the north of the village of Bickerton, Cheshire, England.
The cathedral has a decorated pediment, flanked on either side by two domed towers and an extended portico with arched entrance way.
Bethel Baptist Chapel is a Strict Baptist place of worship in the village of Wivelsfield in East Sussex, England.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Chorley, the archdeaconry of Blackburn, and the diocese of Blackburn.
The church forms part of the Church of England's Diocese of Oxford.
St. Lawrence Church and the mausoleum both occupy similar positions on top of West Wycombe Hill, and the Church tower is visible for many miles around.
St Magnus lies on the original alignment of London Bridge between the City and Southwark.
In the choir are five canvases by Solimena.
The white wooden church was built in 1898 and it seats about 400 people.
Its benefice is combined with those of St Michael, Whittington, St John, Arkholme, and St John, Gressingham.
St Leonard's Church is in Sandridge, a village in Hertfordshire, England.
Its auditorium has 18-foot high plain glass arched windows on either side.
Christ Church, Cockfosters, is a Church of England church in Chalk Lane, in the north London suburb of Cockfosters.
San Pietro Martire is a Roman Catholic church in Naples, Italy.
Ditchling Unitarian Chapel is a Unitarian chapel in Ditchling, a village in the English county of East Sussex.
St Thomas' Church is in the village of Milnthorpe, Cumbria, England.
Monks from the monastery of St. Edmund's, in Douai, France, came to Woolhampton in 1903 when the community left France as a result of anti-clerical legislation.
Not to be confused with the Roman Catholic St George's Cathedral, Southwark.
Holy Trinity Church is an Anglican church in the centre of Guildford, England.
Dun Church is a parish church in the municipality of Fosnes in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
Over the years, the church was also a parish church known as San Giovanni Evangelista in Porta San Gennaro or San Giovanni in Porta.
By the early years of the 20th century the church felt the need for a more permanent building.
Rocknations is also the name of the church's annual youth conference, held in August each year.
It is located in the village of Hersvikbygda, on the northern part of the island of Sula.
By June 1974, the original building had been remodeled and air conditioning installed.
The original metal church was offered for sale and purchased by William Edward Baily, who dismantled and moved it to Penzance.
St. Mark's Church is a church located in St. Mark's Parish in Aarhus, Denmark.
It is one of the oldest Buddhist temple in Jakarta.
In 2005 a new extension to the church, the "Brewer Building", built at a cost of £1.7m was opened by the Bishop of Southwark.
Architects 'Nicoll Russell Studios' were appointed by The Congregational Board and it is likely the project will last approximately three years 2014-2017.
The church is part of the Balestrand parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
The Church, along with the Halls and Church Officer's House at the rear, are category A listed by Historic Scotland.
The Cathedral is located downtown at the intersection of 11th and K Streets.
It is also the main church of the Tikkurila Parish.
The idea behind the construction was that Chinese junk was quickly disappearing and the pagoda should show present descendants what it looked like.
It is a Grade II listed building.
The center has since moved to its new location on Broadway in New York City.
Holy Cross Church is a parish church which serves the village and parish of Gilling East in North Yorkshire, England.
It is the tallest building in Poynton.
Deeper Christian Life Ministry  is a non-denominational Christian Ministry with its international headquarters, Deeper Life Bible Church Lagos in Lagos.
Coats of arms of knights of the Order of the Seraphim are on the walls of the church.
The church is built in local sandstone and is in Early English style with a tall steeple at the southwest corner.
It is the seat of the Diocese of Gary, and the home of Holy Angels Parish.
This is the first church in Norheimsund.
St. Martin of Tours is the patron saint of Taal, whose fiesta is celebrated every November 11.
The churchyard contains a headstone and a table tomb that are Grade II listed.
St Stephen's Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Skipton, North Yorkshire, England.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Tamworth, the archdeaconry of Lichfield and the diocese of Lichfield.
It is a Grade I listed building and was completed in 1879 to a design by G.E.
It is the first church in the country to hold a religious civil partnership for a gay couple.
Over the centuries the church has required repeated restoration due to subsidence, or to inadequacies in the earlier construction.
Buckhead Church is an in-town campus of North Point Ministries located in the Buckhead district of Atlanta, Georgia, United States.
Emmanuel Church is in Brook Street, Preston, Lancashire, England.
Construction of the church took place between 1160 and 1170.
They are a multicultural church in many languages and locations.
It stands 100 metres to the south of the new church, also dedicated to St John the Baptist.
The chancel was constructed in 1891 to a design by James Piers St Aubyn.
The temple and its numerous annexes were almost completely destroyed during the Boshin War's Battle of Ueno and never restored.
Belonging to Brandstorp Parish of the Church of Sweden, it was built between 1694 and 1698.
In 2015 the church renamed itself Menlo Church to unify the different campuses, and also launched a Menlo San Jose campus.
Born into a Christian home at Studley in Wiltshire, he was brought into concern for his soul early in life.
It is the largest church on the Marquesas Islands.
Molsheim's Jesuit church is considered one of the foremost examples of Gothic Survival architecture or, as it is called in German, Nachgotik.
Barclay united with Viewforth Church in 2009.
The present church and Deanery form part of the Archdeaconry of Bedford, located within the Diocese of St Albans.
Helgøy Church is a historic parish church in the municipality of Karlsøy in Troms county, Norway.
The church was "touted as the largest glass building in the world when it was completed in 1981."
Vik parish is a part of Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
Its oldest parts having been built in 1775–1776, it is significant as the oldest surviving meeting house in Philadelphia.
English Heritage has listed the building at Grade II* for its architectural and historical importance.
St. Luke's Church Stapleford is a parish church in the Church of England in Stapleford, Nottinghamshire.
It is located in the village of Hatteng.
The present church opened in 1813 and was built as a replacement for the old chapel that existed at the site.
St. Alban’s Episcopal Church is an Episcopal church and cemetery located in Bovina, Mississippi.
The Parish Church of St Mary the Virgin is located at the highest point in the town centre of Bury, Greater Manchester, England.
Of medieval origin, it was rebuilt in 1540, and again in 1792 to a design by Jesse Gibson with a circular nave.
St Austin's Church is in Aigburth Road, Grassendale, Liverpool, Merseyside, England.
It is a brick Gothic church, originally designed by the architect Christian Heinrich Grosch and completed in 1858 on the ruins of an ancient church.
The church was in use until 1981.
It is situated on the corner of Monks Road and Friars Lane in the town centre.
These are open to public as regular exhibits.
St. Gregory the Great is a Roman Catholic church in Danbury, Connecticut, part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
It is the oldest extant church building in the city of Fall River, and was one of the city's first Catholic parishes.
The church is still used for worship by the Church in Wales, one of five in a group of parishes in the south of Anglesey.
It was built between 1852 and 1854 to serve the community of the Brunswick area of Hove, which had originally been established in the 1830s.
English Heritage has listed the church at Grade II for its architectural and historical importance.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
St Bartholomew's Church, Elvaston is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Elvaston, Derbyshire.
All Saints Church is a redundant Anglican church in Waldershare, Kent, England.
The temple was given its name in 1253, and is a reference to the opening line of the Lotus Sutra.
Fully integrated into the diocesan structure since 1848, today St Peter's is part of the Anglican Parish of Central Wolverhampton.
It is the seat of the Anglican Diocese of Calgary.
However, only a small area of these tiles are available to be viewed by the public on entering the pagoda.
These pieces of the church's history were inscribed on a historical marker installed by the National Historical Committee in 1939.
The waggon roof above the nave and north aisle is medieval.
It is one of the oldest Protestant Saalkirche in Lower Saxony, conceived for the sermon as the main act of Lutheran church service.
St Martin's Church is an Anglican parish church in Dorking, Surrey.
The furnishings of the church also date from post-Reformation times with the exception of the baptismal font which was made in the 14th century.
A west tower was added in the late 15th century.
Seim Church is a parish church in Lindås municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
This temple is also an archaeologically protected monument of the country.
The white, wooden church was built in 1878 to serve the residents of the island.
Dalmuir is an area on the western side of Clydebank, in West Dunbartonshire, Scotland.
St Mary The Boltons is an Anglican church in The Boltons, Brompton, London.
Helena Elisabeth Church was built on one of the largest island of the Holmöarna group near Umeå in northern Sweden.
Iglesia de Santa María is a church in Asturias, Spain.
Holy Trinity Cathedral, known in Amharic as Kidist Selassie, is the highest ranking Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo cathedral in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
The building was designed by Mór Kallina and it was consecrated in 1895 by Sámuel Sárkány, bishop of the Lutheran diocese of Bánya.
Each of the cathedral buildings served as the cathedral church of the Diocese of Munster, but each also had additional functions, at least at times.
A church was built on the site in 1821 and was replaced by the current building to accommodate a larger congregation.
Chelmsford Cathedral in the city of Chelmsford, Essex, England, is dedicated to St Mary the Virgin, St Peter and St Cedd.
It is dedicated to St James the Apostle.
Trinity Church is a Roman Catholic church in Halmstad in Sweden.
St Peter and St Paul's Church is in Gisburn Road, Bolton-by-Bowland, Lancashire, England.
St Martin Pomeroy was a parish church in the Cheap ward of the City of London.
The church was extended in the 14th century, with further changes over the coming years.
It stands on Kunjpura Road near National Highway 1 of India besides the well known St. Theresa's Convent School.
The church is part of the Skjold parish in the Fana deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
The mission of the church is to make disciples of all people and help them to become more like Christ.
The Abbey was founded in 1083 as a Benedictine monastery by the Norman Earl of Shrewsbury, Roger de Montgomery.
The church was constructed in 1164 as a foundation of Alexios Angelos, a son of Constantine Angelos.
St. Bartholomew's Anglican Church is a parish of the Diocese of Toronto in the Anglican Church of Canada.
The church was built in under plans drafted by architect Carl Ludvig Engel and was ordered by Nicholas I of Russia on 5 January 1838.
St James the Less and St Helen Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Colchester, Essex, England.
The church is Grade II* listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a particularly significant building of more than local interest.
Part of the old abbey church continued in use at that time and some parts of the abbey infrastructure still remain.
Organized in 1662, it is the oldest continuously serving Presbyterian church in the United States.
St Mark's, Teddington, the parish church of South Teddington and Hampton Wick, is a Church of England church in the liberal Catholic tradition.
It is located on the western end of the island of Åmøy.
The architect Lars Sølvberg from Utvik made the designs.
The Iglesia ni Cristo Museum is a museum in Punta, Santa Ana, Manila.
It is located in the village of Vik i Helgeland.
All Saints’ Church, Darlaston is a parish church in the Church of England in Darlaston.
The Church is part of the St Albans Diocese.
Gjemnes Church is a parish church in Gjemnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
Thus people called the temple "Mito palace" or "Nunnery of Mito".
The next year this became the Royal Military College and the Somaschi moved to the church of Gesù Vecchio.
It is the seat of the Diocese of Central Florida.
According to a legend, it was founded by the priest Ragyō Shōnin, a monk from India.
It was established as a mission-parish by the Augustinian missionaries on July 2, 1573, coinciding with the foundation of the town of Pasig.
Øvre Bardu Chapel is a chapel in the municipality of Bardu in Troms county, Norway.
It is located in the village of Eidfjord.
SeungWook Kim was called and installed as the new pastor.
The foundation stone, by Edward Johnston, was cut by Eric Gill in 1902.
The church is a Grade I listed building.
When the church was opened for membership at least 275 persons joied.
It is located in the town of Honningsvåg.
It was established and consecrated in 1861, making it the first Russian Orthodox place of worship in France.
Thorndon Park Chapel is a former Roman Catholic private chapel situated in Thorndon Park, the grounds of Thorndon Hall near Ingrave, Essex, England.
Tverlandet Church is a parish church in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county, Norway.
The convent held Mercedari priests till 1923.
The Diocese of Tokyo is one of eleven dioceses within the Anglican Church in Japan.
The church of the Santissima Trinità degli Spagnoli is a religious building in Naples, Italy, found in the piazza of the same name.
The church stands in the centre of the town, near the town hall.
Kevin Myers is the founder and senior pastor of 12Stone.
The church is also well known as the site where Al Capone's sister Mafalda married in 1930.
No identifiable remains of the church can now be seen.
Britannia United Church is a United Church of Canada congregation in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
St Faith’s Church, Nottingham is a former parish church in the Church of England in Nottingham.
The church was built in 1884 and seats about 450 people.
Valen Church is a parish church in Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
It is located in the village of Slåtten.
This may indicate the absence of a church building at that stage or, alternatively, only the absence of a resident priest.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
The Church of Saint Andrew and St Paul is a Presbyterian church in downtown Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
In 1680, the original chapel was rebuilt and enlarged.
The church is affiliated with the Evangelical Friends International denomination.
The Church of St George is a Roman Catholic church in Taunton, Somerset, which dates from the mid-19th century.
Wat yai chai mongkhon is a Buddhist temple in Ayutthaya, Thailand
Iglesia de la Inmaculada Concepción is a parish church in the town of La Línea de la Concepción, in Andalusia, Spain.
During the Christmas season, the church also displays its Nativity here.
It used to be a place of worship and school of the Saints Constantine and Helen Greek Orthodox Church.
It is dedicated to Saint Peter and Saint Paul, and three Welsh saints: Dubricius, Teilo and Oudoceus.
It attracted the unfavourable criticism of many church people and ecclesiologists.
The Sanctuary of Oropa, is a group of Roman Catholic buildings and structures in the municipality of Biella, Italy.
It is an active parish church in the Diocese of Blackburn.
Over time, the Passau Cathedral has acquired the largest organ outside of the United States.
The church is part of the Fet og Joranger parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
It is about 3 kilometres to the west of Eton College.
Breim Church is a parish church in Gloppen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
The Church of the Advent is an Episcopal Church parish in Boston, Massachusetts, United States.
He intended that it would become a mausoleum in which the grandeur of the House of Blois would be displayed, but that did not happen.
It is protected as a Grade II listed building.
It was one of the 51 churches rebuilt by the office of Sir Christopher Wren.
The village was abandoned after World War II and the chapel was then moved to the village of Nordfjord, along the Syltefjorden.
Nevertheless, the building still retains its original cruciform shape and its central tower topped by a landmark broach spire.
The church is actively involved in the community through Scouting, Habitat for Humanity and more.
It is the seat for the Eparchy of St. Thomas the Apostle of Detroit.
These churches are part of a group known as the Low Furness Group of Parishes.
Many Khmer shrines and artefacts stand proof to the claim and constitute major attractions of the province.
Jōryū-Ji is a temple of the Nichiren Shū, built in Katase, Fujisawa, Kanagawa.
It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
Belonging to the Landskrona Parish of the Church of Sweden, it was inaugurated in 1788 and fully completed in 1816.
Built between 1912 and 1915 in a red-brick Romanesque style, its tall campanile forms a local landmark.
St John the Evangelist's Church is in the village of Osmotherley, Cumbria, England.
One guidebook writes of the church, "For decades after the completion of this stately church in 1852, elegant and fashionable Cincinnatians worshiped there."
Father To addressed the public that the merits made by one for displaying his own virtue, even great in amount, would result in low goodness.
St George's Church is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Shimpling, Norfolk, England.
The church and its churchyard contain memorials to a number of notable historical figures.
St. Thérèse Chapel and Academy is a Traditionalist Catholic church and children's school in Nicholville, New York, operated by the Society of Saint Pius X.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
The church has been host since 1993 of the Apostolic Administration of Moldova, and since 2001 the newly established Diocese of Chișinău.
It is located in the village of Snåsa.
This early Gothic masterpiece was brought by monks of Pomuk.
The Sunday service times currently include 9:30AM and 5:30PM.
The white, wooden, octagonal church was built in 1958 and it seats about 300 people.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester, the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Bowdon.
It is located in the village of Husøy.
Solar panels were installed on the roof of the church and presbytery.
Built in Neogothic style, it is dedicated to St. Peter the Apostle and St. Cecilia.
It was consecrated on 13 May 1866 by the Bishop Peter Hersleb Graah Birkeland.
It is located in the village of Stonglandseidet.
The Decorated Gothic nave, aisles and north transept were built in the 14th century.
Its benefice is combined with those of Holy Trinity, Rainow and Forest Chapel, Macclesfield Forest and Wildboarclough.
Some of the decoration was by Gibbs and Canning Limited of Tamworth.
The archives of Beith Church are maintained by the Archives of the University of Glasgow.
The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
On March 20, 2011, however, Jones carried through on his threat, and burned the Qur'an.
These were a sitting Buddha, and a smaller reclining Buddha representing the Buddha's death.
It is also the home of the Durham University Catholic Chaplaincy and Catholic Society.
The Grove Road Strict Baptist Church, is a Strict Baptist place of worship in the town of Eastbourne in the English county of East Sussex.
St. Gabriel's Roman Catholic Church is a parish located in the Riverdale section of The Bronx, New York.
The church's parish was created out of that of Saint Mary's in 1854.
It is located at 427 Bloor Street West, just west of Spadina Avenue.
Three-aisled and built from red brick, the cathedral is based on a design by architect Tomasz Bohdanowicz-Dworzecki.
Holy Trinity Church is an historic church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago located at 1118 North Noble Street.
Old Christ Church is a redundant Anglican church located in Waterloo Road, Waterloo, Merseyside, England.
Built in 1340, it was the last chapel on the pilgrim route to Walsingham.
The church became known through the ministry of praise Diante do Trono, which is one of the ministries of the church.
The sacristy is the latest external addition to the church; it dates from 1860.
The church would be redecorated with the placement of two new glass windows and a statue to King Manuel would be erected in Twickenham.
It serves the parish of Fawsley under the jurisdiction of the Diocese of Peterborough.
The Church of St. James is a parish church in the village of Normanton on Soar, Nottinghamshire.
The white, wooden church was built in 1870 by the builder Ole Vangberg.
The original structure stood from 1851 until 1892.
It was built from 1930 to 1932 and is based on the design of St Andrew's Abbey in Bruges, Belgium.
It is a Grade I listed building.
The dedication took place on November 24, 1850.
In 2005 CE, the temple was submitted to UNESCO for consideration as a future World Heritage Site.
The present Lavik Church is a white, wooden, octagonal church that has 380 seats.
St Alban's Church is in Bewsey Street near to the centre of the town of Warrington, Cheshire, England.
Along with St. Barbara's in Chicago, it is one of two monumental religious edifices found in this near South Side neighborhood.
Røros Church is Norway's fifth largest church, and has about 1600 seats.
The church was founded by Bishop Matsea Paulos Mureri in 1912.
St Oswald's Church is a redundant Anglican church in Kirk Sandall, near Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England.
It was established on 24 March 1940.
Leonidas Polk, the Bishop of Louisiana in March 1839.
The church is within the Archdiocese of Birmingham and was run by the Missionary Society of St. Columban from 2005 to 2013.
Kerry is sited about 3 miles to the S E of Newtown.
Its benefice is united with those of five other local churches to form the Benefice of Buckrose Carrs.
By the mid-19th century, rapid population growth in the north of Sheffield led the Church of England to construct new churches in the area.
All Saints Church is in Raby Road, Thornton Hough, Wirral, Merseyside, England.
Nerskogen Chapel is a parish church in the municipality of Rennebu in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
The Basílica del Salvador is a basilica located at the corner of Huérfanos Street and Almirante Barroso Street in the Barrio Brasil of Santiago de Chile.
It was consecrated on 5 November 1899.
Paróquia de Santa Teresinha is a church located in Higienópolis, São Paulo, Brazil.
It is a member of the London Baptist Association.
The cathedral parish traces its roots back to Holy Family Church, a parish founded in 1926 and organized in 1932.
St John's Smith Square is a former church in the centre of Smith Square, Westminster, London.
It was built in 1966 and is a Grade II listed building.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Hulme, the archdeaconry of Manchester, and the diocese of Manchester.
The building is the oldest one extant in Sydney's inner city region.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
The Anglican cathedral is one of two in the city.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester, the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Chester.
Most Pure Heart of Mary Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic church in the U.S. city of Mobile, Alabama.
King’s Church Uckfield is an active Christian community dedicated to worshipping and serving Jesus Christ in the local community of Uckfield, East Sussex.
Its benefice is united with those of St Mary, Threlkeld, and Wythburn Church.
Nearby is Silicon Roundabout, and also Aske Gardens, named after the parish's major benefactor, City alderman and haberdasher Robert Aske.
The church was designed by Gustav Meretta, the official architect of the Archbishop of Olomouc, and the interior by Max von Ferstel.
It is the proto-cathedral of the former Prince-Archbishopric of Magdeburg.
St Mary's Church is on a site overlooking the villages of Penny Bridge and Greenodd, in the parish of Egton with Newland, Cumbria, England.
Only a handful of churches of this type remain in England; other surviving examples include churches at Lower Peover and Baddiley, Melverley, Besford and Hartley Wespall.
The church is part of the Storetveit parish in the Fana deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
The chapel has been designated as a Grade II* listed building.
It is a Grade I listed building.
This article relates to the Anglican Cathedral of Wellington, New Zealand.
He added in a footnote that "the interior of St. Magnus Martyr is to my mind one of the finest among Wren's interiors".
St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, is a Presbyterian Church in Canada congregation in downtown Windsor, Ontario, Canada.
Previous name was «Gryttinar kirkja» mentioned in Aslak Bolt's cadastre.
The altar is raised on a stone plinth behind low brass rails.
It is a Grade I listed building and stands on the north side of the High Street.
The church is part of the Gursken parish in the Søre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre.
The grounds have not been consecrated for burial.
The Abbey of Our Lady of Montserrat, or Manila Abbey, is a Benedictine men's monastery located on Mendiola Street in Manila, the Philippines.
Its benefice is united with that of St Patrick, Preston Patrick.
The building was designated a minor basilica by Pope John Paul II on August 27, 1998 and dedicated on October 3, 1999.
Christ Church is an Anglican church in Wesham, a small town in the English county of Lancashire.
The Cathedral Church of St. Peter is an Episcopal cathedral in St. Petersburg, Florida, United States.
St Nicholas' Church is in New Street, Sutton, Merseyside, England.
The Church of the Transfiguration is an Anglican church in the village of Pyecombe, in the Mid Sussex district of West Sussex, England.
Now deconsecrated, it was a church of the Church of Ireland located on St Mary's Place, Broadstone, Dublin.
The church was designed and built by Sir Christopher Wren.
St. Margaret’s Episcopal Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Episcopal church building located at 1601 Pleasant Plains Road in Annapolis, Anne Arundel County, Maryland.
In fact, a stone inscription situated close to the stupa even identifies it by the name "Ruwanweli".
The church is dedicated to Saint Giles, the patron saint of the disabled.
The Cathedral of Saint Patrick in Norwich is a cathedral of the Roman Catholic Church in the United States.
It was established in 1868 and, as of 2016, has a congregation of about 12,000.
Today the building is Grade II listed and is known as the Birchcliffe Centre.
The Basilica and National Shrine of Our Lady of Lebanon is a Minor Basilica of the Maronite Catholic Church located in North Jackson, Ohio, United States.
It is the second largest Evangelical church in France, with over 2,200 members, and is frequently considered a megachurch as 1,500 members regularly attend the church.
Elmhurst Christian Reformed Church is a congregation of the Christian Reformed Church in North America located on the southern edge of Elmhurst, Illinois.
The white, wooden church seats about 120 people.
Iglesia de Santiago is a church in Asturias, Spain.
The Shwemawdaw Pagoda is a stupa located in Bago, Myanmar.
It is regarded as the spiritual home of the Royal Navy,  and contains numerous memorials to men lost at sea.
It is in the deanery of Stow, the archdeaconry of Cheltenham and the diocese of Gloucester.
The pagoda is one of few temples in Bagan with a full set of glazed terra cotta tiles depicting the Jataka.
This tenure of service covered the formative period from March 1865 to January 1868.
Our Lady of Good Health Church, Indonesian: Graha Maria Annai Velangkanni, is a Catholic temple in Indo-Mogul style opened in 2005 in Medan, Indonesia.
The roof of the church room hangs down and gives the lowest height where it is traditionally highest.
Ramsund Chapel is a chapel in the municipality of Tjeldsund in Nordland county, Norway.
Hōgon-ji is a Buddhist temple of the Ji sect in Matsuyama, Ehime, Japan.
The church is part of the Kyrkjebø parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
St Swithun's Church is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Brookthorpe, Gloucestershire, England.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
It is located in the village of Hestad, on a small peninsula jutting into the Hestadfjorden, a lake that is part of the river Gaula.
St. Mary Cathedral Basilica, also known as St. Mary's Cathedral Basilica is a Roman Catholic place of worship situated in Galveston, Texas.
The 2011 film adaptation of Stieg Larsson's 'The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo' directed by David Fincher used the churchyard as a filming location.
St Anne's Church is in Church Road, Singleton, Lancashire, England.
As of 2015 the parish priest was Father Edwin D. Lusterio.
It faces The Quarry area of parkland, which slopes down to the River Severn.
A major addition was the heavily buttressed Perpendicular Gothic west tower, topped with a tall broach spire and containing a peal of ancient bells.
The date of the church is unknown, but the oldest parts could be from the 12th century.
The architecture of Phát Diệm church, built in stone in 1892 is a blend of Vietnamese and European architectural styles called the "eclectic architectural style".
Chesterfield Parish Church is an Anglican church dedicated to Saint Mary and All Saints, located in the town of Chesterfield in Derbyshire, England.
It is the primary centre of Catholic worship in the Diocese of Gibraltar.
Domkirche St. Marien is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Sankt Georg, Hamburg, Germany, and the metropolitan cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Hamburg.
It is an active Anglican parish church.
Indre Herøy Church is a parish church in Herøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
The current church, begun in 1718, was completed in 1726, according to the inscription on the lintel of the door.
The Paulinerkirche was a church on the Augustusplatz in Leipzig, named after the "Pauliner", its original Dominican friars.
The white wooden church was built in 1853 by the architect J.H.
The church is the parish church for Connah's Quay and the mother church of St David's Church, Connah's Quay.
The building now houses the Madikeri Fort Museum, managed by the Karnataka State Archaeological Department.
It is one of two American churches still using Norwegian as a primary liturgical language, the other being Mindekirken in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Simon de Senlis' church of All Hallows, Northampton, England, lasted with medieval alterations until disaster struck the town on 20 September 1675.
The semicircular choir was built in the 12th century followed by the nave and the tower dates from the 13th century.
St George's Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Worcester.
This chapel eventually became the Church of St Mary, Castle Street.
It was built by the Russian court architect Yury Felten in 1780, at the direction of Catherine the Great, Empress of Russia.
The white wooden church was built in 1914.
The church attracted much attention in academic circles when it was completed in 1966 and was rewarded with several architectural awards.
Regina Coeli Church is a Roman Catholic church that was founded in 1862 in Hyde Park, NY.
This dual role as cathedral and college chapel is unique in the Church of England.
The building is in the Gothic Revival style and can seat as many as 450 persons.
It has been a Grade II listed building since 1985.
On the roof is a flèche surmounted by ball and cross.
It is at the junction of Exmouth Market and Rosebery Avenue in the London Borough of Islington.
The Church of Nativity of the Theotokos – is a historic Greek Catholic chrurch in Sambir city.
The Twentieth Century Society has called it "a rare and unique church", and it has also been called "one of Britain's most avant-garde churches".
The Shin-saigoku Pilgrimage includes this temple as one of the stops.
The third chapel on right has frescoes by Giacomo Cestaro and a painting decpicting St George slays the Dragon by Andrea da Salerno.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
The church seats about 600 people, making it the second largest wooden church in all of Northern Norway.
It is located in the village of Presteid.
The neoclassical-style church was built in 1839 and was designated a Grade II* listed building on 10 June 1952.
It is located at the corner of Brunswick and Cornwallis Streets in the North End district.
The white, stone and concrete church was built in 1959, and it was designed by Arnstein Arneberg.
The Victorian church replaced an earlier building in the village.
The Cathedral of San José de Cúcuta is a Catholic cathedral.
The church holds services on Sunday mornings and on Sunday evenings.
The church is part of the Salhus parish in the Arna og Åsane deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
In 1860 major restoration work was carried out by Sir George Gilbert Scott.
There was a church at Guddal in the Middle Ages.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Bridgnorth, the archdeaconry of Ludlow, and the diocese of Hereford.
The military church is a non-denominational church, so it is not a part of the Anglican parish.
The cathedral is a late Romanesque building and dominates the city's skyline.
Old St. Nicholas Church or Wooden church in Javorani in Javorani is Serbian Orthodox church in Bosnia.
St Osburg's Church also known as the Church of the Most Holy Sacrament and St Osburg is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Coventry, West Midlands.
The main sanctuary seats about 280 people, but it is expandable up to about 500 by moving some folding walls.
The tower dates from the 13th century.
It was established in 1954 as part of the bicentenary celebrations of the Moravian Church in Jamaica.
The church was founded in January 2000..
The Dhammakaya Movement is one distinct tradition of Thai Buddhism that has had a pioneering role in establing Buddhist practice in England since 1954.
The Vine band is notable for the "upbeat rock" worship music they play and have recently undertaken a tour through Southeast Asia.
St Paul's Church, Truro is a Grade II listed former parish church in the Church of England in Truro, Cornwall.
The cathedral replaced a church built in 1834 on the same site, and is still incomplete.
The original cathedral was demolished by the Soviet authorities in the 1930s, but was reconstructed and opened in 1999 following Ukrainian independence in 1991.
Holy Trinity Church is a former Anglican church in Hove, in the English city of Brighton and Hove.
Langenes Church is a parish church in the municipality of Øksnes in Nordland county, Norway.
St Nicholas Shambles was a mediaeval church in the City of London.
1958 Hilding started together with his family and friends to carry stones from the shores of the island to where the chapel would be.
It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
St Michael Coslany, Norwich is a Grade I listed redundant parish church in the Church of England in Norwich.
A church was originally built on this site in the 7th century; the present building dates from the 12th century and has later modifications.
From 1883 onwards, the church was restored as a memorial site and re-inaugurated on 31 October 1892, 375 years after Luther's posting.
St. George's Church is a parish church in the Church of England in Barton in Fabis, Nottinghamshire.
The church is situated at the address 3 Mēness Street.
The first bishop to sit here was Ricardo Watty Urquidi.
English Martyrs' Church is in St George's Road, Wallasey, Wirral, Merseyside, England.
St. Joseph Cathedral is a Catholic cathedral on Third Avenue in the Cortez Hill neighborhood of downtown San Diego, California.
The Chicago Zen Center is a Harada-Yasutani Zen practice center located in Evanston, Illinois near Northwestern University currently led by Abbot Yusan Graham.
Legend holds the Virgin appeared to three individuals requesting the church to be built.
The Church of the Holy Trinity is a Greek Orthodox church in Brighton, part of the English city of Brighton and Hove.
The Basilica of Our Lady of Good Health is located at the small town of Velankanni in the state of Tamil Nadu in southern India.
Designed by Thomas Cundy, it was constructed between 1851–3 as part of Thomas Cubitt's development of the area on behalf of the Marquess of Westminster.
Kanebogen Church is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway.
It is one of the oldest parishes in Bulacan which even predates the Malolos Cathedral established in 1580 and the Barasoain Church established in 1630.
It is situated in Falkland Grove in the town.
The church is dedicated to Saint George.
Sanbutsu-ji is a Buddhist temple in the town of Misasa, Tottori Prefecture, Japan.
It was designed in the Interwar Gothic style by architect Edgar Le Blond Henderson.
It was copied in many Norwegian churches.
St. Jude Church Karanakodam is a Syro Malabar Catholic parish Church in Ernakulam, Kerala, India.
The High Church is a category B listed building.
The church stands in an isolated position opposite the grounds of Kingerby Hall.
The church is part of the Haram parish in the Nordre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre.
St. Mary of the Assumption Church is a Roman Catholic church in Dedham, Massachusetts and the Archdiocese of Boston.
It is the largest of its kind in South India, and covers an area of 24000 sq.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
At first, it was built in 1899.
The end walls of the transepts contain large perpendicular windows.
St. Thomas Tamil Cathedral is one of the oldest churches in the city of Secunderabad, India.
Its benefice is combined with those of Christ Church, Eaton, and St Michael, Hulme Walfield.
Near to this church lies St. John's Church cemetery.
The Basilica of Saint Joseph Oriol is a basilica in Barcelona, Catalonia.
It is more popularly known as the Iizumi Kannon, after its primary object of worship.
It stands in an isolated position overlooking and to the north of the M50 motorway.
The boys of the Saint Thomas Choir are enrolled at the Saint Thomas Choir School, the only church-affiliated residential choir school in the United States.
The Baroque iconostasis was carved in the workshop of Miklós Jankovits of Eger, the pictures were painted by Anton Kuchelmeister of Vienna.
The main body of the building dates back to 1880, with later additions built in 1932 and in 1957.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Derwent, the archdeaconry of West Cumberland, and the diocese of Carlisle.
The cathedral parish was founded in 1887.
The church is part of the Fresvik parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
In its present form, the church is affiliated with the Fellowship of Independent Evangelical Churches.
It stands on the eastern side of the main market.
The baptismal font, altarpiece and pulpit date from the original church.
It is located in the village of Lavik on the northern shore of the Sognefjorden.
On September 18, 2011, Archbishop Evarist Pinto and eight priests celebrated Mass for over a thousand people to commemorate the 150th anniversary of the Church.
St Bartholomew's Church is in the village of Thurstaston, Wirral, Merseyside, England.
The building was destroyed by fire in December 2008.
It was destroyed by a fire that was started by lightning on 25 December 2013.
The church has been used for Serbian-American religious and social activities since its opening and is now part of the Serbian Orthodox Eparchy of Western America.
The chancel has been described as 'one of the richest Gothic Revival interiors in England'.
Since 1993, the cathedral has been part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site "Town of Bamberg".
Since the first gathering on Easter Sunday in 2008 the group has attracted a diverse congregation.
The Cathedral has been proclaimed as the 1st category cultural property in 1979.
It is situated on the corner of Castlereagh Street and George Street, next to West Way in the town centre.
The Bufalini Chapel is a side chapel of the church of Santa Maria in Aracoeli, Rome, Italy.
Some Saxon-era structural elements remain despite 12th-century additions made when Shoreham became prosperous, further extension in the 14th century and a Victorian restoration.
In 1994 the church got a new organ and new windows in the choir.
Tō-ji is a Buddhist temple of the Shingon sect in Kyoto, Japan.
The churchyard contains the grave of William Cobbett and there is a memorial to Augustus Toplady.
St. Mary Staining was a parish church in Oat Lane, northeast of St. Paul's Cathedral, in the City of London.
Masses are celebrated daily at 8:00 AM, and Saturday evening at 4:00 PM.
Yakushi-ji is one of the sites that are collectively inscribed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site, under the name of "Historic Monuments of Ancient Nara."
Sveio Church is a parish church in Sveio municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
Services are held on Sundays at 9am, 11am and 4:30pm.
Druiding of Chicago was the Architect Firm.
St. Mark's Church is an Anglican parish church in Grenoside, South Yorkshire, England.
St Martin, Ludgate, also called St Martin within Ludgate, was rebuilt in 1677–84 by Sir Christopher Wren.
It is located in the eastern part of the island of Södermalm, standing on the north east peak of the Vita Bergen park.
The church was hit by aerial bombardment in World War II in 1941 and it was then restored in 1989 but it remained unconsecrated.
St. Nicholas Church is a church on the German Baltic island of Fehmarn.
The Catedral de Santa Clara de Asís is a cathedral located in the city of Santa Clara, Cuba.
The Church of Divine Mercy is a church located in Sungai Ara, Penang, Malaysia.
It offers a Contemporary Worship service as well as a modern worship service entitled, Green Acres Resonate.
It is more than 200 years old and has been designated a Grade I Listed building.
The church was designed by Douglas and Fordham and built in 1893.
It was also the name of one of ten ancient administrative shires of Cornwall - see "Hundreds of Cornwall".
The church was consecrate on 13 October 1861.
It opened in November 2010 under direct management of the Jogye Order of Korean Buddhism.
St. George's Church, Edgbaston, is a parish church in the Church of England in Edgbaston, Birmingham.
They eventually left the building, joining with the former St. Paul's Methodist congregation, a few blocks south,, and it remained empty for 14 years.
It is located in the village of Larsnes on the island of Gurskøya.
St Andrew's Church, Shotley, is a redundant Anglican church standing in an isolated position at a height of 960 feet on Greymare Hill in Northumberland, England.
The interior of the church was adapted, by financial input and renovation work, to accommodate Orthodox Christian services.
Seventh-day Adventists typically observe the Sabbath on Saturday.
The previous building is also part of the Museum complex.
It is said that the tail end of this likeness of the dragon is around the site of Shwezigon Pagoda.
Flakstadvåg Chapel is a chapel in the municipality of Torsken in Troms county, Norway.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Windermere, the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness, and the diocese of Carlisle.
Ulm Minster was begun in the Gothic era but not completed until the late 19th century.
In 1994, it was registered as a UNESCO World Heritage Site, as part of the "Historic Monuments of Ancient Kyoto".
St Matthew's Church is in York Street, Bromborough Pool, Wirral, Merseyside, England.
The church was once a Roman Catholic church dedicated to Saint Paul but became a Protestant church after the protestant reformation.
Nathanael's Church is a Church of Denmark parish church in Holmbladsgade in Amager, Copenhagen, Denmark.
St. Dominic's Church is a late 16th-century Baroque-style church that serves within the Cathedral Parish of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Macau.
Our Lady of Snows Shrine Basilica is located at Thoothukudi, Tamil Nadu, India.
The wooden church was completed in 1873 and was consecrated on 25 November 1873 by Pastor Brun, the Dean of Namdalen.
The Grade I listed building, much of which is Perpendicular in style, dating from the 15th century, is of significant architectural and historical interest.
The monastery is under the direct guidance of Thich Nhat Hanh and his Order of Interbeing in the Vietnamese Zen tradition.
It also offers temple stay programs where visitors can experience Buddhist culture.
St Mary's Church is an Anglican Church and the parish church of Welford.
The church was restored during the period of 1893–1906, using donations from the Freemasons, yet it is still thought to closely resemble its original condition.
The church is located in Krokstadøra, the municipal center of Snillfjord.
St Cecilia's Church, Girton is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Girton, Nottinghamshire.
Viby Church is a church located in Viby Parish in Aarhus, Denmark.
The Cathedral of St Patrick and St Joseph is the Cathedral of the Catholic Bishop of Auckland.
This small church developed later into the collegiate church of St. Maria ad Grada.
St Gabriel's, Cricklewood, is an Anglican church in Cricklewood, Brent, London, United Kingdom.
It is a parish church, located at 94 Ridge Street, Orange, New Jersey.
The church is open most weekdays between 9 am and 2 pm.
The church is part of the Heim parish in the Orkdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
The Church of Santa María de Sabada is a Roman Catholic church in the municipality of Llastres, Asturias, Spain.
The church is no longer in regular use, since it is on a remote, now-sparsely populated island.
St Mary's Church is in Church Walk, Ulverston, Cumbria, England.
This role was shared by Randy Shafer until his death in 2008.
The students are educated not only in their faith and regular studies, but also Polish culture and language.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Heaton, the archdeaconry of Manchester, and the diocese of Manchester.
The facade of the church features a relief sculpture with a representation of the Apostle Paul with a sword.
The land the church is built on was donated by Algernon Grey Tollemache.
Jacoma Fenicio, whom the devotees claim, possessed magical powers to heal the body and mind.
It was built in 1888–87 as the Church of England parish church of Saint Alban.
The Basilica of St. Paul is a Minor Basilica of the Catholic Church located in Daytona Beach, Florida, United States.
She is married to Sensei Gregory Abels and they are the parents of a grown daughter.
The church is part of the Jostedal parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
The church was established in the 15th century.
The current owner is Peter St Clair-Erskine, 7th Earl of Rosslyn.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
Along with the Cathedral of the Sacred Heart in Pensacola it is the seat of the Diocese of Pensacola-Tallahassee.
It was built at the end of the 15th century on a site where there had originally been a Romanesque church.
The name of this church was changed to United African Apostolic Church in 1918.
Museum Curator Jahn Børe Jahnsen has observed that it was remarkable that they are dated so close to each other.
Services have been high church but now include Parish Eucharist, choral Mass and Evensong.
The Church of Christ the Consoler is a Victorian Gothic Revival church built in the Early English style by William Burges.
The parish is within the Wandsworth Deanery, the Kingston Episcopal Area and the Diocese of Southwark.
The churchyard is the resting place of Charles Morice, who was killed at the 1815 Battle of Waterloo and celebrated British war artist Paul Nash.
Former Rector Ed Bacon said that political activism "is in the DNA of the church."
The church is part of the Eide parish in the Ytre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre.
The present structure, in a simplified Victorian Gothic style rendered in dark brick, dates from 1893.
St Wynwallow's Church, Landewednack, is the parish church of Landewednack parish in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
St Michael, Cornhill, is a medieval parish church in the City of London with pre-Norman Conquest parochial foundation.
it was built in the 19th century and opened on 23 October 1895.
St Cedwyn's was a chapel of ease of Llanrhaeadr-ym-Mochnant.
The church was originally named Oscar Fredrik Church, after the King Oscar II.
In the same year, the Old Operating Theatre was built in the Herb Garret.
St. Adalbert Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Enfield, Connecticut, United States.
Christ Church, Winchester is a Church of England parish church in Winchester, England.
In 1921, it moved close to Parc des Braves.
St Johns Church, is an Anglican church in Launceston, Tasmania and the oldest church in the city having started construction in 1824.
Sant'Anna a Capuana is a church located on the piazza of the same name in Naples, Italy.
Aarhus Cathedral is a cathedral in Aarhus, Denmark.
St Helen's Church is an Anglican Church and the parish church of Oxendon.
The interior now features a new design which uses Narra wood panels.
The Church of Immaculate Heart of Mary is a Roman Catholic church in Vinkovci, Croatia.
Holburn West Church is a congregation of the Church of Scotland.
The white, wooden church was constructed in 1880 and it seats about 800 people.
The church is also a Scheduled Ancient Monument.
The Church of St Mary the Virgin is a Church of England parish church in Fawsley, Northamptonshire, England.
Foresight and precaution had prevailed, and the sacrament house and numerous grave-slabs had been walled in to protect them in 1942.
It is a major masterpiece in the Flamboyant Gothic style.
and Tomas Pinpin who used the facility to print books in Spanish and Tagalog.
Most of the structure was built in the early 14th century.
St Cuthbert's Church is in the village of Redmarshall, County Durham, England.
It is located in the village of Sørfjorden.
The white, wooden church was built in 1854 by the architect Tollak Tollaksen Gudmestad.
Church music in services and concerts, performed by several groups including children's choir and ensembles on historic instruments, have received attention in the Rhein-Main Region.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Windermere, the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness, and the diocese of Carlisle.
Groundbreaking for this occurred in June, 2009.
The neogothic cross shaped church was built in 1891-1893 by Johannes Kayser, replacing an earlier Saint Paul's Church nearby.
It is located in the village of Vikevåg on the island of Rennesøy.
Antai-ji is a Buddhist temple that belongs to the Sōtō school of Zen Buddhism.
The church is located near the shores of the Grand Harbour, close to Lascaris Battery and the site of the fish market.
The church is claimed to house the world's second largest church organ.
After the Presbyterian Church in Canada was formed in 1875, the congregation was disjoined from Chalmer's in 1880.
St Michael's, Fulwell is a church at Wilcox Road in Fulwell in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.
The concrete church was completed in 2003 to replace an older church.
The church was renovated by Domenico Erdmann in 1927-1929.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Nantwich, the archdeaconry of Macclesfield, and the diocese of Chester.
Like all of the ancient churches of the city, it is known for its weathercock.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
The church building is located on the corner of 4th and Court Streets in downtown Ottumwa, Iowa United States.
A secondary entrance into the church is available on the south side of the main tower, which also has a datestone inscribed with “A.D.
This church was replaced in 1910 with the present cathedral building.
Once a parish church, it no longer is used for regular worship.
Edward Swan, the Barn Church's architect, was also commissioned as one of the architects for the new church at Cheam.
The stone church was in use till 1850, when the present building in Fairton was completed.
The Church of Our Lady of Remedy is a Roman Catholic church located in Kotor, Montenegro, belonging to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Kotor.
It is housed in an historic church building built in 1868 that was once home to Princeton's Second Presbyterian Church, later known as St. Andrew's Presbyterian.
It is located in the village of Aurlandsvangen, at the end of the Aurlandsfjorden.
St. Mary's in the Mountains Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic church located in Virginia City, Nevada.
A ruinous church dating from the 12th century was dismantled and rebuilt by prolific ecclesiastical architect Arthur Blomfield in 1885, but some old features were retained.
It was started in March 1862 with thirteen Charter members, as the Scott Township mission of the Canada Presbyterian Church.
The church is part of the Bømlo parish in the Sunnhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
It is dedicated to St Peter and St Paul and it is therefore properly known as 'the Minster Church of St Peter and St Paul'.
It is a prime example of the so-called 'Polish Cathedral style' of churches in both its opulence and grand scale.
It was designed by architect Harald Hille.
Lakselvbukt Church is a parish church in the municipality of Tromsø in Troms county, Norway.
Since its construction, it has been Great Yarmouth's parish church.
St Patrick's Church is a Roman Catholic Church in Bolton, Greater Manchester, England.
It is the seat of the Apostolic Prefecture of the Marshall Islands, which covers the entire country, as well as Wake Atoll.
The church was built around a chapel with a putatively miraculous image of the Virgin Mary, depicting Our Lady of Virtues.
Eid Church is a parish church in Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
St. Peter’s Church is the largest Catholic church in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
A detailed description appears on the Historic England website
The barge was pushed down the Irrawaddy River by three steamers, stopping along major towns before reaching Yangon.
It is the largest Theravada Buddhist temple in Bangladesh and has the second-largest Buddha statue in the country.
The headstone prop of Ebenezer Scrooge that was used in the 1984 film A Christmas Carol is still present in the now-disused churchyard.
One of the effigies is of an unknown priest in full Eucharistic vestments.
The current form is from 1992 when the second extension of the building was completed.
It is located in the Dongcheng District of the city at 74 Wangfujing Street.
Vestre Åmøy Chapel is a chapel in Rennesøy municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.
The church has three weekend services averaging 26,000 attendees, making it one of the largest churches in the United States.
Hase-dera, or Chōkoku-ji is a Shingon sect Buddhist temple located outside of Atsugi, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.
The parish was established by the Jesuits in 1753.
Sacred Heart Church is a Roman Catholic church in Georgetown, Connecticut, part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
Belonging to the Mullsjö-Sandhem Parish of the Church of Sweden, it was opened in 1899 replacing a 1732 church.
It is the city's major Catholic church.
Saint Mark's Coptic Orthodox Cathedral is a Coptic church in Alexandria, Egypt.
The church is one of five churches in Bergen Cathedral parish in the Bergen arch-deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
Fröjel Church is a medieval Lutheran church in Fröjel on the Swedish island of Gotland, in the Diocese of Visby.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
For Church is a parish church in the municipality of Steinkjer in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
The location where the church meets is situated at the address 1 Mēness Street.
St Mary's and All Saints is a parish church in Boxley, Kent begun in the 13th century and with additions in the 14th and 15th centuries.
It is the mother church and seat of the prelate bishop of the Diocese of Saint Thomas.
English Heritage has listed it at Grade I for its architectural and historical importance.
It is having a rich history of close to 200 years.
St Mary the Virgin is a small parish church in Thurnham, Kent.
Although the current church on the original site was built in 1903, it did not became a cathedral again until 1972.
St Michael's Church is an Anglican church in the village of St Michael's on Wyre, Lancashire, England.
St Mary-le-More is a Church of England parish church in Wallingford, Oxfordshire, England.
Gausvik Church is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway.
It is built of irregular stone blocks and brick embedded in thick layers of mortar.
The cathedral is open for all people irrespective of religion or faith.
The Catholic priest Bernard zu Stolberg was installed in 1897 in Norrköping, with the aim of building a church.
It holds services on Sunday evenings with a guest medium and also a Wednesday evening session of clairvoyance.
The church was opened in 1866 as a temporary wooden building, but was rebuilt as a Gothic-polychrome building between 1866 and 1874.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Bolton, the archdeaconry of Bolton, and the diocese of Manchester.
The Most Holy Redeemer Church is a historic Roman Catholic Church situated in the locality of Belthangady.
St Peter's Church is in the village of Heversham, Cumbria, England.
The current church, built in 1927, was modeled after the Basilica of St. Sabina in Rome.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester, the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Congleton.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Saint Helens, the Archdeaconry of Warrington and the diocese of Liverpool.
Since June 19, 2013 it has been designated a National Treasure by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology.
Linggu Temple is a Buddhist temple in Nanjing, Jiangsu, China.
Entsū-in is a famous Myōshin-ji-branch Rinzai Zen Buddhist temple in Matsushima, Miyagi Prefecture, Japan.
The other one is St. Joseph Polish Catholic Church, which was established in 1891.
It has churches located in Tokyo, Tachikawa, Yokohama,,Atsugi, Yokosuka, Osaka,, Kobe, Sendai, Sapporo  Fukuoka, Hiroshima, Bali, Hong Kong., Taipei, Shanghai and Honolulu
Founded in 1867, the church is the city's oldest continuous Protestant congregation.
The white, wooden church was built in 1885 using designs by the architect Jacob Wilhelm Nordan.
The present building was built in 1999 in place of the previous one that was destroyed by arson in 1997.
The shrine is located at J.P. Laurel Street, San Miguel, Manila which is inside the Malacañang Palace Complex.
The neoclassical church was built between 1773 and 1777.
Leinstrand Church is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
The church was built to replace an earlier, larger church built in 1877.
The Moorfields Tabernacle building was taken over by the nearby Central Foundation Boys' Grammar School.
St. Michael the Archangel Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Haverhill, Massachusetts, United States.
According to the second, it is an example of the Istrian variant of Early Venetian Renaissance architecture from the 15th century.
It is a Grade II* listed building.
Church by the Bridge, Kirribilli and Lavender Bay is an Anglican Church on Sydney's Lower North Shore.
St Luke's Church is in the village of Lower Whitley, in the civil parish of Whitley, Cheshire, England.
The angels are Victorian replacements for those destroyed by iconoclasts.
After keeping a low profile during World War II, the church grew quickly from 1950 to the 1970s.
During the meeting they share in fellowship.
It was built to the designs of Thomas Hardwick in 1813–17.
In the 14th century, the Cathedral was rebuilt on an earlier construction as a three-nave Gothic basilica.
The monumental Pipe organ of the church was built in 1799 by Albertus van Gruisen.
The church is located in the village of Fagatogo.
On completion of the restoration, the church is one of the best preserved examples of a decorated gothic revivalist interior in London.
It is the second-largest chapel ever built by the church, with a capacity of 6,000.
Designed by Eggers & Higgins of New York City, it rises 281 feet from the sidewalk.
St. Michael the Archangel Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Lynn, Massachusetts, United States.
Patron saint for the church is Bernard of Clairvaux.
The church is located in the village of Brekken.
Taiktaw Monastery was a royal Buddhist monastery in Mandalay, Burma, known for its bold wooden carvings.
The church comes under the Karnataka Central Diocese of the Church of South India.
The friary was under the Visitation of Cambridge.
Unlike most churches in Finnmark county, this one was not burned down during World War II.
The Cathedral is the seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Olomouc.
It was constructed to replace Holy Cross Church, which had been built c. 1150 but had fallen into disrepair by the end of the eighteenth century.
It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.
Its benefice is united with those of Christ Church, Over Wyresdale, and St Peter, Quernmore.
St Mary's Church is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Potsgrove, Bedfordshire.
Naboya recently replaced the former Parish Administrator, the late Msgr.
It was designed by architect Lars Israel Wahlman in the National Romantic style and completed in 1914.
St Oswald's Church is in the village of Thornton in Lonsdale, North Yorkshire, England.
Tim became the head teacher on November 1, 2002.
This is a densely populated area, close to the University.
St. Leonard, Eastcheap, sometimes referred to as St Leonard Milkchurch, was a parish church in the City of London.
It is an active Roman Catholic parish church in the Archdiocese of Liverpool.
The Church of Our Lady and St Nectan was a Roman Catholic place of worship in the town of Hartland, Devon.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
The church is part of the Borgund parish in the Nordre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre.
Tōri Tenjō-ji, officially Mayazan Tenjō-ji or Mayazan Tenjō-ji, is a Shingon Buddhist temple in eastern Kobe, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan.
It was known as their "Golden Dream" but was tragically destroyed during World War II.
The white, wooden church was built in 1889 and seats about 200 people.
The foundation stone of the 1868 building reads: "Near this spot stood the Tabernacle built by the Rev.
The Archdiocesan Shrine of Santo Niño de Midsayap is the parish and archdiocesan shrine located in Midsayap, North Cotabato.
The church now consists of a nave, north and south aisles, chancel and west tower.
It was built to replace the role of the main old Parish Church of St. Mary that was damaged in the 1856 earthquake.
The parish includes the central section of Etobicoke where two much earlier Catholic missions once served as the first Roman Catholic places of worship in Etobicoke.
The gu temples come in two basic styles: "one-face" design and "four-face" design—essentially one main entrance and four main entrances.
It has a living room and a library, named in honor of Pope John Paul II .
It was a Commissioners' church, having received a grant towards its construction from the Church Building Commission.
Robert Fitzpatrick served for 7 years; the current pastor is Rev.
A 17th-century table, known as "Cromwell's Table", stands in the north aisle.
The church is situated on a gentle slope 160 m west of the River Blithe.
It is a royal temple of the first grade, one of ten such temples in Bangkok.
The only parts of the church that still remain are the tower and part of the nave.
The current church dates mostly from the 18th and 19th centuries.
It was founded in 1888 and built in 1896.
The one-face style grew out of 2nd century Beikthano, and the four-face out of 7th century Sri Ksetra.
Built as a parish church and consecrated in 1715, St Philip's became the cathedral of the newly formed Diocese of Birmingham in 1905.
It is located on the island of Karlsøya.
The church is part of the Vike parish in the Nordhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
Previously the cathedral of the Diocese of Clonfert, it is now one of three cathedrals in the United Dioceses of Limerick and Killaloe.
Annunciation of Our Most Holy Lady Church is an Orthodox church in Riga, the capital of Latvia.
Vinje Church is a parish church in the municipality of Hemne in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
St James’ Church, Smisby is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Smisby, Derbyshire.
It was founded in 1895 and from its 108 ft tall bell tower, it is possible see the Isle of Wight.
It a cultural property of national significance in Switzerland and one of the best examples of Art Nouveau in the country.
The cathedral's principal construction material is brick but the pillars and many details are of Gotland limestone.
The Dubai City Church is a church in Emirate of Dubai founded in 1999 .
It is located in the village of Øystese.
It is located in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.
Lawkananda Pagoda is a Buddhist zedi located in Bagan, Burma.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
The stone-built church, with its tall spire and well-regarded "living churchyard" nature reserve, is now Hadlow Down's only remaining place of worship.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
Kors Church is a parish church in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
The church is a GNIS named feature.
St Philip's Church is in the village of Alderley Edge, Cheshire, England.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Birkenhead, the archdeaconry of Chester, and the diocese of Chester.
It is a Grade II listed building.
It is a Grade I listed building and stands on the north side of the High Street.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
St. Mary of Częstochowa offers mass in Polish, Spanish and English and is currently home to 1,450 families.
It is located in the center of the city, in the square that bears its name, "Plaza San Francisco".
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
It was "damaged beyond the point of repair" in the February 2011 Christchurch earthquake and was demolished the following September.
English Heritage has listed the church at Grade I for its architectural and historical importance.
St Mary's Church is in the village of Walton, Cumbria, England.
Ganthem Church is a medieval Lutheran church in Ganthem on the island of Gotland, in the Diocese of Visby.
St. Swithun's Church, is a parish church in the Church of England in Woodborough, Nottinghamshire.
At the 2011 census the parish population including Cooksland and Fentonadle was 919.
Tønsberg Cathedral is a Lutheran church in the Church of Norway and is home to the Diocese of Tunsberg.
Now a house, it was in religious use for nearly 150 years and housed a congregation whose origins go back to informal meetings in the 1840s.
The churchyard also served as a burial place, several of the marble tombstones are still there.
It is the retreat of the Eastern States Buddhist Temple of America, Inc., whose downtown branch of the Mahayana Temple is located in New York.
The cathedral is built over the ruins of St. Laurentius Church, which was built in the first half of the 12th century and demolished in 1814.
The church administration was searching for a suitable location for the central office for the growing Iglesia ni Cristo under the leadership of Felix Y. Manalo.
The rectangular church building has an almost-circular extension on the eastern end and a large steeple on the western end.
The choir has the largest height to width ratio, 3.6:1, of any medieval church.
The church faces Pico Boulevard at 1321 S. Mariposa Avenue in the Pico Union section of Los Angeles, California.
Its benefice is combined with those of St Matthew, Ballam and St Michael, Weeton.
The church was designed by the architect Jacob Wilhelm Nordan.
Tōfuku-ji takes its name from two temples in Nara, Tōdai-ji and Kōfuku-ji.
Approximately 1800 active parishioners attend the cathedral's Eucharist services and participate in various activities.
It belongs to the deanery of Wallasey, the archdeaconry of Chester and the diocese of Chester.
On November 2, 1995, the national government also declared it a National Monument of Colombia.
Gjesvær Chapel is a chapel in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.
The church premise was in an area of lush greeneries with the famous Bahadur Shah Park at a stone’s throw distance on the south.
The church is part of the Grane parish in the Indre Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland.
St Werburgh's Church is in Grange Road, Birkenhead, Wirral, Merseyside, England.
Nykirken is a parish church in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
Since it is the "new" church, it is also known as the Årdal nye kirke.
It is located on Holborn Viaduct, almost opposite the Old Bailey.
The dogs had gone mad by the morning, and Montgomery himself was killed within a week.
English Heritage has listed the building at Grade II for its architectural and historical importance.
Work on the church was suspended in 1625 and not resumed until 1740, with the church completed in 1745.
Hemnes Church is a parish church in the municipality of Hemnes in Nordland county, Norway.
Within the parish of St Gabriel's, Fullbrook, it serves the Tamebrige and Yew Tree estate, built by West Bromwich Council in 1952.
Masses in the church for the small Catholic community in Russian and English are held.
Henningsvær Church is a parish church in the municipality of Vågan in Nordland county, Norway.
St. Mark's Church is a Pentecostal church in Dublin, Ireland.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Skipton, the archdeaconry of Craven and the Diocese of Leeds.
Holy Trinity Richmond is an Anglican parish church in Sheen Park, Richmond, London.
Wesley United Methodist Church during the 1970s and 1980s developed a Church Master Plan for renovating the historical church structure and acquisition of adjacent land.
The construction commenced in 1986 and the church was consecrated in January 1991.
The church is situated in Samarovo part of Khanty-Mansiysk city.
It is a Grade I listed building.
Fiskernes Chapel is a chapel in the municipality of Træna in Nordland county, Norway.
It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
Grue Church is a long church dating from 1825 in Grue in Hedmark county, Norway.
It is located at 819 Madison Avenue near Syracuse University.
St Joseph's College was a Roman Catholic minor seminary in Mark Cross, outside Rotherfield in East Sussex.
Mar-Lu-Ridge, an abbreviation for either Martin Luther or Maryland Lutheran, sits atop a mountain in the Catoctin Mountain range.
It is made up of several curved sections of differing heights.
The church belongs to the Church in Wales.
The present rector of the cathedral is Rev.
In May 2007 both centers moved to Blue Cliff Monastery.
Its benefice is united with that of All Saints, Burton in Lonsdale.
It was built in the late 18th century.
English Heritage has listed the 1930s building at Grade II for its architectural and historical importance.
St. Clement of Ohrid in Toronto, Ontario, is the first Macedonian Orthodox Church in Canada and one of the oldest in the American-Canadian Diocese.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
According to Gervase of Canterbury, in the early 13th century the cathedral of Ross was manned by Céli Dé.
It is now an Anglican Church in Fulham, London, sited close to the river Thames, beside the northern approach to Putney Bridge.
It is situated Midway between Kathrikkadavu Junction and Thammanam Junction along the Thammanam Pullepady Road.
The church is known for having the largest set of intact medieval stained glass windows in the Nordic countries.
The concrete chapel was built in 1965 and it seats about 200 people.
Landakotskirkja, formally Basilika Krists konungs, is the cathedral of the Catholic Church in Iceland.
Today it is known as First United Methodist Church.
The church is one of the most recognisable sights of Aylesbury; its ornate clock tower dominates the skyline.
Shimano then resigned as abbot, and announced he would retire from teaching in any formal capacity.
Efjord Chapel is a chapel in the municipality of Ballangen in Nordland county, Norway.
Saint Adalbert's Basilica, is a historic Roman Catholic church located on Buffalo, New York's East Side within the Diocese of Buffalo.
It is located in the Gravdal neighborhood in the city of Bergen.
The church has a stained-glass window crafted by William Morris and Edward Burne-Jones.
Today, the church functions as the parish church for St. Thomas of Villanova parish as well as the University Chapel for Villanova University.
There was some controversy over where to build the replacement church: on the original location at Øn or in the village of Sørbøvågen.
During that restoration campaign, a crypt dating back to around 1085 was discovered and made accessible as well.
Its school, which started out as 1st–3rd grade, has grown to serve pre-kindergarten through 12th grade.
It is part of the Diocese of Lichfield.
Our Lady Star of the Sea, Seaforth is a Roman Catholic church in Seaforth, Merseyside, England.
It stands in an isolated position in fields about 3 miles west of the centre of Ipswich.
The Malayatoor Church attracts a large number of devotees from not just Kerala, but from all over India.
It may date back to 500 AD, although it has been extensively reworked since then.
Sæle Church have always belonged to Vik parish, but in 1964, it was transferred to Balestrand parish.
Its usual name is the Nicholas-Zaretsky Church, though it has held various others over time.
Heimdal Church is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
Founded 1905, it is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.
Each parish retains its own church building.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Hawarden, the archdeaconry of Wrexham and the diocese of St Asaph.
St John the Baptist Church in Inglesham, Swindon, Wiltshire, England, has Anglo-Saxon origins but most of the current structure was built around 1205.
The Marekerk is a Protestant church in Leiden, located at the Lange Mare and the Oude Vest canal.
Of the original Romanesque design, all that remains are the basic building layout, the western facade double archivolt and bows and starts from the original facade.
St John the Evangelist — also known as St John's — off Crown Street is a Scottish Episcopal Church in Aberdeen, Scotland.
The church is part of the Lenvik parish in the Senja deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
It stands on the corner of Berry Street and Leece Street, looking down the length of Bold Street, Liverpool, Merseyside, England.
The choir stalls, pulpit and font were built to White's designs.
By 1873 the chapel had been reconstructed, the cost being borne by the 3rd Earl of Eldon, who also presented the baptismal font.
They then purchased and renovated one of four cinemas in Woolwich.
In addition to a central spire, the chancel is carried up into another pyramidal spire.
Saint-Louis-du-Louvre, formerly Saint-Thomas-du-Louvre, was a medieval church in the 1st arrondissement of Paris located just west of the original Louvre Palace.
The current parish priest is Bishop Carlito Cenzon.
Currently, the vision of Scum of the Earth is to be an outpost on the perimeter of God's kingdom seeking redemption in Jesus Christ.
The first one was built before 1321 and it probably was a stave church.
It is located in the village of Indreskomo.
Our Lady Star of the Sea and St Winefride, Amlwch is a Roman Catholic church in Amlwch, a town on the island of Anglesey, north Wales.
St Chad’s Church, Wishaw is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Wishaw, Warwickshire.
A project of further restoration and maintenance began in 1991.
Its benefice is united with that of St James, Lostock Hall.
The other is a military figure thought to be Gruffudd ab Adda of Dôl-goch and Ynysymaengwyn.
St Cross Church is in the village of Appleton Thorn, Cheshire, England.
Three years later, however, it was unused and in a state of disrepair.
St David's became the parish church of Rhosllannerchrugog following the closure of the original parish church of St John's in 2004.
Since 1951 the church has been designated as a Grade I listed building.
St. George's Church, Sélestat, is a Gothic church in Sélestat, Bas-Rhin, Alsace, France.
It is a Grade I listed building as of 1 September 1956.
Named after Kannon, the Buddhist personification of compassion, the center provides a supportive environment in which Americans can experience traditional Zen teaching.
It is a redundant Anglican parish church in the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches.
Mrs. Iselin would later contribute a $30,000 endowment for the continued maintenance and operation of the church.
A church was established in Aberffraw in the 7th century by St Beuno, who became the abbot of Clynnog Fawr, Gwynedd.
That old church was replaced by a log church in 1659.
All Saints Church is a church building in Lund, Sweden.
The church is a single-chambered structure with a western tower, set in a near-circular churchyard.
St. Joseph church has been a multi-ethnic parish since the 1950s under Fr.
Pasadena Presbyterian is the first church in Pasadena, California, United States, it was established in 1875.
He had visited Borgund and held the view that stave churches once were common in the medieval Saxon areas too.
The Kattachira Church, Kattachira Chapel or Global Marian Pilgrim Center Kattachira is a Jacobite Syrian Christian Church at Kayamkulam in Alappuzha District, Kerala.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
St Matthew's Church, Westminster is a Anglican church in Westminster, London.
St Martin's Church is in Church Lane, Ashton upon Mersey, a district of Sale, Greater Manchester, England.
The Cathedral of St. Joseph in Hartford, Connecticut, United States, is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Hartford.
The building was designed by Wolff Schoemaker in Neogothic style.
Hokke-ji was built by Empress Kōmyō in 745, originally as a nunnery temple on the grounds where her father Fujiwara no Fuhito's mansion stood.
It is part of the Diocese of East Anglia.
Notre-Dame-des-Victoires is a small Roman Catholic stone church in the Lower Town of Quebec City.
The temple is open daily from 10:30 am to 5:00 pm, and weekly events are held in Chinese as well as English.
St Michael's and All Angels Church is in the village of Guiting Power, Gloucestershire, England.
St. John's Church, Kidderminster is a Church of England parish church in Kidderminster, Worcestershire, England.
The church, dedicated to Saint Piran, is in the Carnmarth, North deanery, the archdeaconry of Cornwall and the Diocese of Truro.
Over the next several years the area gained many adherents to Rinzai Zen, and Manman-ji became an important place of worship.
Beltway dropped Baptist from their name, symbolizing their distancing from traditional Baptist practice and theology and transition into a charismatic church.
The QMB Church is known among the Churches in Visakhapatnam for its proactive programmes.
United States Air Force Academy Cadet Chapel
As early as 1852 pioneer families trudged along bush tracks and muddy roads, for weekly prayer meetings, first in Hood Hall, and then at Wakari School.
The pulpit by Veit Königer is the masterpiece of the furnishings.
It was built by the Abbots of Glastonbury Abbey.
It was built in 1857 by King Mindon, two years after the capital was moved to Mandalay.
The Sanshinzan Chōhō-ji is a temple of the Tendai sect in Kainan, Wakayama Prefecture, Japan.
At first it located in a shed.
The church then joined the United Church of Canada in 1925.
It is a Grade II listed building.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Blackburn with Darwen, the archdeaconry of Blackburn, and the diocese of Blackburn.
The Christuskirche is a Lutheran Evangelical church in Rome.
One of the foremost leaders of that movement, Frank Weston, Bishop of Zanzibar, served at St Matthew’s from 1916-18.
The wooden church was built in 1962 and it seats about 280 people.
Repeated earthquakes have damaged the building in the course of its history: in 1881, 1888, 1901, 1922, and September 2010.
Sant'Angelo a Nilo is a Roman Catholic church located on the Decumano Inferiore in Naples, Italy.
These interior plans were only partially executed and the pulpit was built instead as a separate structure on the left side of the apse.
All Saints’ Church, Sawley, is a Grade I listed parish church in Sawley, Derbyshire, England.
It was founded in 940 by Kanchō Daisōjō, a disciple of Kōbō Daishi.
St. Anne's Church, Park Hill, Moseley is a parish church in the Church of England located in Moseley, Birmingham.
Korskirken was first mentioned in Sverris saga from 1185.
Also a manimalika has been built near the church.
The two church bells are made by Olsen Nauen Bell Foundry in Tønsberg.
The church has grade II listed building status.
It was built atop a hill in the years 1910–14, after a design competition held in 1906.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
It was completed in 1846 and consecrated by Bishop Pepys of Worcester on the 13th of January.
This main road leading to the harbour has since been renamed Chaithya Road after the stupa .
There has been a church on this site since the 13th century.
Barasoain Church is a Roman Catholic church built in 1888 in Malolos, Bulacan.
The temple also administers the Taiyū-in Reibyō, which is the mausoleum of Tokugawa Iemitsu, the third Tokugawa shogun.
The church is part of the Borge parish in the Lofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland.
The church is currently listed for sale.
Sa-Rang Community Church was founded in 1988 by Rev.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
It dates from the 15th century and is a Grade I listed building.
St. Paul's Church is a Protestant church, built in 1864 on Manora, Karachi in Sindh, Pakistan.
The only window in the church room is formed in the roof.
It was built in 1857 and is dedicated to the Nativity of The Most Holy Theotokos.
The foundation stone of the college chapel was laid in 1868 and, although building work stopped in 1977, the chapel remains unfinished.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Hertford and Ware, the archdeaconry of Hertford, and the diocese of St Albans.
It is situated in Kotmale about 3 miles from Morape on the banks of the Kotmale Oya.
Because of the nature of the plot, the church is oriented northeast–southwest.
The big white church was built in 1933 to replace the former building which had previously burned down.
Alta Church is a parish church in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.
It is located in the village of Joranger.
The Cadet Chapel at the United States Military Academy is a place of Protestant denomination worship for many members of the United States Corps of Cadets.
Frøyset Church is a parish church in Masfjorden in Hordaland county, Norway.
It was built in 1196 during the reign of King Narapatisithu.
Our Lady and St Wilfrid's Church is a Roman Catholic church designed by Augustus Welby Northmore Pugin, completed in 1841.
St. Paul's Church is an Anglican church in Mangalore, India.
Its vicar is The Revd Jonathan Waring Knill-Jones.
It is located 8 kilometres from Peermade and 24 kilometres from Thekkady.
The Manse tennis courts were sold in the 1990s.
The parish also operates chapels of ease in Gjøvik, Oppa, and Dokka.
The white brick church was built in 1973 by the architect Elisabeth Breen Fidjestøl.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
The subterrranean oratory is commonly flooded due to the low nature of central Naples and the presence of former river bed.
St John the Baptist's Church is a Grade I listed Church of England parish church in Clarborough, Nottinghamshire, England.
It is the central church of the Archdiocese of Turku and the seat of the Archbishop of Finland, Kari Mäkinen.
St David's Welsh Church, Rhosllannerchrugog, is in Broad Street, Rhosllannerchrugog, in Wrexham County Borough, Wales.
In 1854, a new building was constructed and dedicated, but lightning struck this second structure in 1867, and the ensuing fire severely damaged it.
On the lateral apse are frescoes depicting the Death of St Joseph and the Agony of Christ in the Garden of Gesthemane.
After raising funds the foundation stone for the chapel was laid on 21 April 1777.
The church was built near the site of a previous cruciform church which had become too small for the congregation.
The church is part of the Ranem parish in the Namdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
The Basilica of San Francesco is a late Medieval church in Arezzo, Tuscany, Italy, dedicated to St Francis of Assisi.
It is located in the village of Saltstraumen.
All Saints' Church, Mattersey is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Mattersey.
The church is part of the Sortland parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland.
First Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian congregation in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, founded in 1882 by Rev.
From November 2015, the church has been owned and served by priests from the Priestly Fraternity of St. Peter as a shrine church.
The church is accessible from European route E39 via County Road 350.
It is situated in the parish of Kilmore, located about 3.5 miles south-west of the county town of Cavan.
The columns are circular and the capitals are scalloped with bands of nail-head.
The church is part of the Askvoll parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
At the meeting Hilding Bielkhammar heard the Lords Prayer being held in over 50 languages.
Devotion to Our Lady of Walsingham was also encouraged.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
Christ Church St Laurence is an Anglican church in the Diocese of Sydney, Australia.
St. Mary's is located in the Hanseatic merchants' quarter, which extends uphill from the warehouses on the River Trave to the church.
St Mary the Virgin is a 13th-century Anglican parish church in Northolt, London.
A number of Episcopalians wished to remain with the Church.
It seated 300 people, and cost £1,900 to build.
The church is a Grade II Listed Building; its interiors are also listed.
It was consecrated on 30 September 1832 by Bishop Jacob Neumann.
The cathedral serves the spiritual needs of approximately 3,000 worshipers.
The local population refers to it as "Wat Pa", which translates to Temple of Forest.
It stands at Piastowski Square N°5, not far from Śniadecki Street in city downtown district.
It was built in memory of Lieutenant Robin Tudsbery, who was killed in the closing days of World War II.
The church is noted for its early 15th-century frescoes and for its elaborate Baroque altarpiece and pulpit, both woodcuts by Abel Schrøder.
The church is part of the Vinje parish in the Hardanger og Voss deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
The pagoda at Ichijō-ji completed in 1171 is a National Treasure of Japan.
Arbuthnott, Bervie and Kinneff Church  is a Christian community in the south of Aberdeenshire.
The most prominent decoration in the church is the series of 38 paintings by the Flemish painter Michael Angelo Immenraedt, an exponent of Flemish Baroque painting.
The white wooden church was built in 1869 by the architect Jacob Wilhelm Nordan.
It was built in 1821-3 to serve the newly created parish.
Wat Phra That Hariphunchai is a Buddhist temple in Lamphun, Thailand.
St. Andrew's Church, Lincoln was a parish church on Canwick Road in Lincoln in the Church of England between 1877 and 1968.
Its design is a combination of Art Deco, Romanesque Revival, Byzantine Revival, and Gothic Revival architecture.
Like most old churches of Bangalore, the congregation of St. Pauls is spread all across Bangalore.
The yellow wooden church was built in 1911 to replace the old church that burned down.
It is located in the village of Beitstad.
St Andrew's with Castlegate United Reformed Church is in Nottingham.
The Church St. George, Beljakovce is an orthodox Christian church in Beljakovce, Kumanovo, Macedonia.
It stands above the flood plain of the River Wenning.
The church building, originally Oxton Road Congregational Church, is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
Bonaventure Nazareth is the current vicar of this Deanery.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
It stands, today, on the site of the old wooden church which was moved to the rear of the grounds to serve as a hall.
Christ Church, St. Peter's Parish is an historic Episcopal church located in Easton, Talbot County, Maryland U.S.A.
Supposedly built in the second half of the 12th century, it stands on a ridge west of the Glomma River.
Two local men, John Brendehaug and Jonas Lone, were the architects.
Ignatius Parimal Rozario are serving there as assistant parish priest.
The church houses the 7th Arbroath Boys Brigade and other youth groups.
The Basilica of St. Cunibert also St. Kunibert pronunciation: [ˌtsɪnt ˈkʊnɪˌbɛːtʰ]) is the last of Cologne's twelve Romanesque churches to be built.
The white stone church was built in the 12th century and it seats about 350 people.
Located on the grounds of the cathedral is Basic Education High School No.
Halsa Church is a parish church in Halsa Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
Church of San Pedro de Plecín is a former Roman Catholic church located in Alles, capital of the council of Peñamellera Alta in Asturias, Spain.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
St Bartholomew's Church, Winchester is a Church of England parish church in Hyde, Winchester, England.
The museum collection includes artwork from the 14th to the 19th centuries.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of St Helens, the archdeaconry of Warrington and the diocese of Liverpool.
The church is part of the Sund parish in the Vesthordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
Designed in a Gothic style by Sir George Gilbert Scott, the cathedral is now protected as a category A listed building.
The church was built in 1592–1595 by the Confraternity of the Incoronatella, a small church on Rua Catalana.
The church is currently used by Euston Church for Sunday services.
The Church of St Matthew and St James stands on the top of a hill in Rose Lane, Mossley Hill, Liverpool, England.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
Pope Benedict XVI decreed on November 11, 2011 that Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary Church was elevated to the status of a minor basilica.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
The roof now bears a stone cross erected in 1873.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
The Hâncu Monastery is a monastery in Bursuc, Moldova.
All Saints' Church, Earls Barton is a noted Anglo-Saxon Church of England parish church in Earls Barton, Northamptonshire.
It was left in ruin by the Union forces, but eventually rebuilt with assistance from St. Alban's Episcopal Church in New York City.
The church is part of the Solund parish in the Nordhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
Wonkwangsa International Zen Temple is a Korean-tradition zen temple and monastery located in Búbánatvölgy, a valley near Esztergom, Hungary.
The building was designed by the architect N. Saxegaard.
On 16 November 1710, the church was damaged by lightning.
The work was not completed till 1650, when the bell-tower and presbytery were completed.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester, the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Cheadle.
The competition was because St John's Church was originally served by the Society of Jesus, whereas St Mary's was always served by priests from the diocese.
The Church of the Ascension is an Anglo-Catholic parish in the Episcopal Diocese of Chicago.
Its benefice is combined with that of St John the Baptist's Church, Guilden Sutton.
The chapel was rededicated in an interfaith ceremony in 2002 following a major two-year restoration.
It was patterned on theaters on which architect Nakpil worked.
The motto of the C+CC is "God is the Measure of All Things."
The church is devoted to St John the Baptist who is known for truth and justice.
The church is one of only 12 Grade I listed buildings in Lichfield District.
It is located in the village of Sydalen on the island of Austvågøya.
The parish church, under the patronage of Saint Nicholas of Tolentine, is under the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Fernando.
The Church was closed after Indian independence, and taken over by the Government of Karnataka in 1971.
St John the Baptist's Church is in Station Road in the village of Flookburgh, on the Cartmel Peninsula in Cumbria, England.
The Bamberg Cathedral is a church in Bamberg, Germany, completed in the 13th century.
The church houses the relics of these saints.
It is part of the Diocese of Lichfield.
St Ceidio's Church, Rhodogeidio is a rural 19th-century church near Llannerch-y-medd, in Anglesey, north Wales.
It is now cared for by the Churches Conservation Trust, and English Heritage has listed it at Grade II for its architectural and historical importance.
Still Mind Zendo, a Zen meditation center formed in 1994, is in the Soto lineage of the late Taizan Maezumi Roshi and the White Plum Asanga.
On the first floor of the temple, there are four Buddhas that face each direction.
It is located at the north end of Fort Street Mall in downtown Honolulu.
Its benefice is united with that of Emmanuel, New Brighton.
The temple grounds were expanded at this time as well, with the construction of the massive stone gates and walls which remain today.
The original was built into a higher one 40 cubits high by town mayor of Zaya.
The architectural historian Nikolaus Pevsner described it as a "strange building" and "an anachronism, almost beyond belief".
The complex got its name from a nearby holy spring, reputed to have healing properties.
The church's architecture is modeled after the traditional Roman basilica, specifically the basilica San Martino ai Monti in Rome.
The church is situated at the address 24 Skārņu Street.
It is the see of the Archbishop of Rouen, Primate of Normandy.
Meenangadi has a population of 33450 According to 2011 Census.
It is one of twelve churches built in Cologne in that period.
The red, brick church was built in 1995 using plans drawn by the architect Stein Jarle Helgeland.
Regular attendance averages nearly 10,000 people weekly.
In its immediate vicinity are the dormitories and the John Pollock Renewal Center.
St. George's is a municipally registered heritage site as designated by the City of Parrsboro on September 28, 1987.
It is located in the village of Rafsbotn.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Skipton, the archdeaconry of Craven, and the Diocese of Leeds.
On the north wall of the chancel, only two feet above the floor, can be seen the archway of an Easter Sepulchre.
Aldridge's war memorial stands on the green next to the church.
St Barnabas' Church is in West Street, Crewe, Cheshire, England.
The cathedral and a temporary facade were built between 1905 and 1907; the permanent facade was erected in 1936.
It is located in the village of Burfjord.
Hundvåkøy Church is a parish church in Austevoll municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
Raundalen Church is a parish church in Voss municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
St John the Baptist's Church is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Papworth St Agnes, Cambridgeshire, England.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Tunstall, the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Bowland, the archdeaconry of Craven, and the Diocese of Leeds.
Located at 2121 Harrison Street in Oakland, the cathedral serves as the mother church of approximately 530,000 Catholics in the counties of Alameda and Contra Costa.
The East Academy and the West Academy are within Zentsu-ji precincts.
The temple was established in the year 824, as a merger of two private temples founded earlier by Wake no Kiyomaro.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
St John the Baptist's Church is a redundant Anglican church in Llanrothal, Herefordshire, England.
It is located on the island of Ylvingen.
Following the fire the site was used for a Lutheran church, which was eventually demolished in 1871 to make way for Mansion House underground station
Bread of Life Ministries International is a Filipino Evangelical megachurch founded by Rev.
The current rector is Terence Cadden, having been installed in 2006.
Soon afterwards cholera struck the East End.
St Marie's Church is a redundant Roman Catholic church in Lugsdale Road, Widnes, Cheshire, England.
The church with attached clergy house, campanile, and parish hall is a Grade II*-listed building.
St Mary's Church, Bunny is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Bunny, Nottinghamshire.
By 1992 the church had the largest Presbyterian congregation in the US.
It is the seat of the Archbishop of Saint Andrews and Edinburgh, and the mother church of Scots Catholicism.
It has subsequently been used for storage and as labourers' cottages, and since 1972 it has been a single residential property.
Its benefice is united with those of St Aldhelm, Swindon, St Luke, Swindon, and St Saviour, Swindon, to form the benefice of Swindon New Town.
Guldrupe Church is a medieval Lutheran church in Guldrupe on the island of Gotland, in the Diocese of Visby.
It stands in a field and is described as a "solitary barn-like chapel".
It was also listed as one of Songs of Praise's favourite churches in Britain.
Notre Dame Cathedral is a late 19th-century church that serves as the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Papeete.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Preston, the archdeaconry of Lancaster, and the diocese of Blackburn.
The edifice, built between 1866 and 1887, has been erected above the substructure of a Byzantine church and monastery built in the eleventh century.
A notable feature is the unique hexagonal lead font dating to around 1200.
It was originally built as the Church of St. Michael and frequented by Irish Catholics.
The present cathedral was built in 1808, and was completed and consecrated in 1843.
Built by Russian architect Michel Kozmin, it was inaugurated on June 10, 1956.
It is located near Lancaster Castle and since 1953 has been designated a Grade I listed building.
The church, known for its brick Baroque-style architecture, was declared a National Cultural Treasure by the National Museum of the Philippines.
Its benefice is united with that of St Peter, Duddon.
Although rebuilt several times, the church traces its history back to 1776.
The Cathedral Church of Our Lady and St Philip Howard is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Arundel, West Sussex, England.
The building is located on the Geawei 15.
The church is part of the Norum parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
Eaton Chapel is a private chapel to the north of Eaton Hall in Eaton Park, near the village of Eccleston, Cheshire, England.
St Mary's Church is in the village of Chartham, Kent, England.
Many people mistake this temple for a cathedral.
The church was commissioned by Giovanna Castriota in 1514, a lady of the court of Giovanna III dei Castriota.
The church has a pulpit dating from 1603 and an altarpiece from 1633.
It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Hartford.
St Thomas' Church is an Anglican church in Garstang, a market town in Lancashire, England.
He was chosen by Bishop William Kinsella who instigated the building of St. Mary’s in February 1842.
Ryūkō-ji is a short walk from Enoshima Station on the Enoshima Electric Railway, and from Shōnan-Enoshima Station on the Shonan Monorail.
It is the rural church with the richest medieval stone sculpture decoration in all the Baltic states.
It was founded in the 1950s as a parish of the Archdiocese of San Francisco; its founding pastor was Fr.
it was built by the Serbian King Milutin in the 14th century and is dedicated to Saints Peter and Paul.
Father James Coyle's remains will be relocated from Elmwood Cemetery to this church where he was its priest.
Built on complex of the INC Central Office, the temple was erected fifteen years after the completion of the central office.
St Martin's is an Anglican parish, in the Deanery of Walsall and Diocese of Lichfield.
A church was first mentioned on the island in 1613.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
The church's original parish, Dudley St. Thomas, was abolished in 1969 to form the current Dudley St. Thomas & St. Luke Ecclesiastical Parish.
Three Bloor Street ministers have become Moderator of the United Church of Canada, George C. Pidgeon, Ernest M. Howse, and Bruce McLeod.
It is a Grade I listed building and the largest school chapel in the world.
The parish War Memorial adjoins the southwestern end of St. Margaret's churchyard.
The church, which seats about 228 people, was consecrated on 14 October 1927.
That was followed by the present church in 1870.
The church building is located in Station Road, Banchory, Kincardineshire, Scotland.
There are several services every Sunday and on holidays.
It was also known as St Martin Ironmonger Lane.
Today there is a narrow, Neo-Gothic facade flanked by statues of St Joseph and a perched parrot.
Enpuku-ji is the 27th station on the Bandō Sanjūsankasho circuit of temples in Eastern Japan, sacred to Goddess Kannon.
From 1547 to 1896 it is where the Coronation of the Russian monarch was held.
It was built to commemorate the voyage of Zheng He in the Ming Dynasty.
This historical meeting was held in the basement of the old Tenth Street M. E. Church, South in Austin, Texas.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester, the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Stockport.
The parish church continues to be actively used for services, with Holy Communion every Tuesday.
It was designed by Thomas Allom, an architect and artist who lived locally at 1 Barnes Villas, Barnes.
All Souls Unitarian Church is a Unitarian Universalist church in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Rødven Stave Church is a stave church in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
The church owns an icon of the Virgin of the Hodegetria type, which originally lay in a Dominican church in Caffa, Crimea.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Chorley, the archdeaconry of Blackburn, and the diocese of Blackburn.
West Wycombe Hill is managed by the National Trust, although the church and graveyard are owned by the Church of England.
The architect was Johannes Henrik Nissen, and the building seats about 200 people.
The parish church is currently under the ecclesiastical province of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Fernando.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Windermere, the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness, and the diocese of Carlisle.
It is a parish church within the Church of Denmark, servicing a parish population of 7.145.
It is an evangelical, Christian church, and is a member of the Southern Baptist Convention.
in its ownership and management rendering commendable services to the Church and general public.
A detailed description appears on the Historic England website.
The Buddha Dhatu Jadi is located close to Balaghata town, in Bandarban City, in Bangladesh.
It closed for worship in the 1970s.
The church was listed by the Alabama Historical Commission on the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on May 5, 2000.
It is the seat of the Diocese of Gaylord.
Ewan Macdonald, the husband of author Lucy Maud Montgomery.
The church is the third oldest Catholic church in Malaysia.
In its beginning, in the time of the Croatian principality, it was used as a royal chapel of the duke's courtyard nearby.
All Saints' Church, Norwich is a Grade I listed redundant parish church in the Church of England in Norwich.
It is under the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tagbilaran.
Kasamori-ji is a Buddhist temple located in the town of Chōnan in Chiba Prefecture, Japan.
The Church was established in 1879 and the present building opened in 1910.
Notable features include the complex plan form and development, Norman font and doors with original fittings and the medieval woodwork including a priest's room.
Wat Pathum Wanaram or Wat Pathum for short is a Buddhist temple in Bangkok, Thailand.
A 2008 survey by Outreach ranked the church as the 54th largest in the United States based on average weekly attendance of 9,137.
The Alexandra Park church was converted into flats in 2004.
There are also morning matins on Tuesdays and Thursdays at 7:30 am.
It is located in the village of Sølsnes.
It is protected as a Grade I listed building.
The church also holds two Sunday services at the site of its original location, 700 Santa Cruz Avenue, behind Ace Hardware store.
It is about 1⁄2 mile south of the village.
The parish also celebrates the feast of Our Lady of Mount Carmel every July 16.
Severely damaged by World War II bombing, the church was subsequently restored and is now a Grade I listed building.
Playwright Henrik Ibsen visited Hellesylt in the summer of 1862 when this church was new and Sunnylven with Geiranger had just been named a separate prestegjeld.
It is located in the village of Eivindvik.
The church is part of the Havstein parish in the Byåsen deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
It was founded in 1851 and designed by Joseph Hansom, with extensions by Edward Pugin.
St John the Divine, Kennington, is an Anglican church in London.
Carntemple, once known as Kilbrecan, is a ruined church in the civil parish of Doora, County Clare, Ireland.
Sacred Heart Church is located on S. V. Road in Santa Cruz, Mumbai.
The parish of Kennington is within the Anglican Diocese of Southwark.
It is located on 42A, Pearse Street, Dublin 2, to the east of Trinity College.
The church's stucco decoration is depicted on the obverse of the Macedonian 50 denars banknote, issued in 1996.
Burfjord Church is a parish church in the municipality of Kvænangen in Troms county, Norway.
The land was given to the church by the Hamilton family for whom the town was named.
The Cathedral is particularly celebrated for a large stained glass window depicting the Resurrection of Christ.
St. John Lutheran Church is a member congregation of the American Association of Lutheran Churches in Pocahontas, Missouri.
The church building was opened in 1860 and is a category A listed building.
The church offers services in Telugu, English, Hindi and Manipuri.
The design was prepared by the architectural firm of Arnstad og Heggenhougen.
St. Paul's Church, Hyson Green is a former Church of England parish church in Hyson Green, Nottingham.
The Lombard Romanesque church was built in 1927.
The white, wooden church was built in 1854 using designs by the architect Hans Linstow.
In this way HTB seeks to spread the teachings of Christianity.
The Sanctuary of Our Lady of Arantzazu [aˈɾants̻as̻u] is a Franciscan sanctuary located in Oñati, Basque Country, Spain.
It is a Commissioners' church, having received a grant towards its construction from the Church Building Commission.
The church has been designated a Grade II listed building.
A Quaker community has worshipped in the seaside town since the 1960s, when they acquired a former Penny School building constructed in the early 19th century.
Until 2003, the parish was a part of the Archdiocese of Manila.
Others were built in states and territories that were later annexed, such as Louisiana, New Mexico, and Puerto Rico.
Known familiarly as Bromley Parish Church, it is not far from Bromley High Street and approximately halfway between Bromley North and Bromley South railway stations.
The Church of Most Holy Saviour also known as Agrar Church is a historic Roman Catholic Church situated in the locality of Bantwal.
It was probably the first hospital of this type in the Mazovian region and was located just outside the walls of the Warsaw Old Town.
St Mary Magdalene's Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Bexhill-on-Sea, East Sussex, England.
San Cipriano is a Roman Catholic church in the neighborhood of Infiesto, of the municipality of Piloña, in the autonomous community of Asturias, Spain.
The sombre interior is in the Neo-Gothic style.
The surrounding monastery complex is enclosed by walls.
The Church of St. George is a Christian Orthodox Church in the village of Tromegje in Kumanovo Municipality, Macedonia.
The white wooden church was built in 1845 on the same site as the previous church.
The church was almost totally destroyed in a fire on 9 September 2001.
The church was completed in 1854 while the North aisle and the West Porch were added in 1886.
The tall spire is a notable feature, visible from a great distance.
St Peter le Poer was a church on the west side of Broad Street in the City of London.
Sacred Heart Church is located at 23rd Street and Ave I.
St Paul's Church is a 19th-century church in Winlaton, Tyne and Wear, England, dedicated to St Paul.
San Gregorio Armeno is a church and a monastery in Naples, Italy.
The chapel is built over two stories and is in the Italianate style, with further work to expand the building completed in 1859 and 1887.
St Botolph's Church is a parish church in the Church of England in Boston, Lincolnshire.
In recognition of its historic significance the church was elevated to a Basilica in 2011 by Pope Benedict XVI.
The white wooden chapel was built in 1970 and it seats about 120 people.
St Joseph's Church is in York Road, Birkdale, Southport, Sefton, Merseyside, England, and is an active Roman Catholic church in the diocese of Lancaster.
St James' Church is in the village of Altham, Lancashire, England.
Christ the King School also occupies the property, with an enrollment of approximately 600 students.
Its headquarters are located at Crossroad Center, Mother Ignacia Avenue cor.
The organ is a small, single manual, chamber one and is used regularly.
St John the Baptist’s Church, Longbridge is a parish church in the Church of England in Birmingham.
The temple was originally called the Chicago Buddhist Church and was located in the Hyde Park neighborhood on Chicago’s south side.
Dr. James W. Cooper was one of the ministers of this congregation, arriving from Port Credit in August 2006 until 2012.
And the stained glass is predictably good."
The church was designed by A. W. N. Pugin, and is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
It is a Grade II listed building.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Furness, the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness, and the diocese of Carlisle.
It is the largest Orthodox Christian church in the Western Hemisphere.
The church's dual Gothic revival spires have long been symbolic of the University.
The church building was constructed between 1703 and 1708 and enlarged in 1822.
St Edward's Church is a medieval-built Church of England parish church, serving Stow-on-the-Wold, Gloucestershire.
This was consecrated on 4 June 2005 by the Most Reverend Dr Rowan Williams, Archbishop of Canterbury.
The superstructure was designed by J. Gerald Phelan.
The temple's name means "dragon jewel temple."
Completed in 1710, the church is famous for its distinct architecture highlighted by the enormous buttresses on the sides and back of the building.
The Église de la Madeleine is a Roman Catholic church in Aix-en-Provence.
The Cathedral of Saint Bonaventure in Banja Luka is one of four Roman Catholic cathedrals in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The parish church, dedicated to St Peter, is an example of the Gothic Revival style.
It is located in the village of Grane, about 8 kilometres north of the municipal center of Trofors.
Iglesia de Santo Domingo is a church in Oviedo, region of Asturias, Spain.
It is part of the Diocese of Buffalo.
The church is a preserved historic museum, but it is still a regularly-used parish church that holds regularly scheduled worship services twice a month.
The Mary Harris Memorial Chapel of the Holy Trinity is the Anglican Chaplaincy's chapel on the Streatham Campus of the University of Exeter.
It is a Grade II listed building.
Follow the Roman or Latin Rite and is part of the mission sui juris of Tajikistan.
It is also a member of the Devizes Partnership of Churches, an ecumenical charity of all the Christian churches in Devizes.
It is a church of the Catholic parish Heilig Kreuz.
Todalen Church is a parish church in Surnadal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
The church, that seats about 600 people, was consecrated on 1 October 1885 by the Bishop Fredrik Waldemar Hvoslef.
It is a Commissioners' church, having received a grant towards its construction from the Church Building Commission.
St. Mary's Church, Brighstone, is a parish church in the Church of England located in Brighstone, Isle of Wight.
St Martin le Grand, York is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in York.
The sandstone font at the entrance is believed to be medieval, and the nearby graveyard features St Ailbe's Cross, reputedly the saint's tombstone.
Kinbyōzan Zuisen-ji is a Buddhist temple of the Rinzai sect in Nikaidō's Momijigayatsu Valley near Kamakura, Japan.
It is located in the borough of Laksevåg in the city of Bergen.
A school has been built at the site of the former college.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester, the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Middlewich.
In addition, Trinity Episcopal Cathedral has operated since 2002 the Center for Spiritual Development under the direction of the Rev.
For most of its history the building was the parish church of St Peter.
The interior was decorated on designs by Francesco Antonio Picchiatti.
Christ the King Church, Jog Falls was established in 1959.
Holy Cross Church is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Burley, Rutland, England.
The new cathedral will be dedicated to the Ascension of Christ and to Saint Andrew.
St Michael-le-Querne, also called St Michael ad Bladum, was a parish church in the Farringdon Within Ward in the City of London.
The present church seats about 350 people.
The church was founded in 1970 as a daughter church of Madison Park Christian Church.
Holy Trinity Church, Coventry, is a parish church of the Church of England located in Coventry City Centre, West Midlands, England.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
Santa Maria in Brera was a church in Milan, in Lombardy in northern Italy.
It was designed by architect Christian Fürst in neo-Gothic style.
The church is part of the Ørskog parish in the Austre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre.
The Second Parliamentary Grant, provided by the Church Building Act 1824, gave £300 towards the building of Holy Trinity Church.
It is one of 38 existing round-tower churches in Suffolk and the only detached example in the county.
Its benefice is united with those of five local parishes, the benefice being entitled Kirkby Lonsdale Team Ministry.
The current building dates from 1901 and was built by George Frederick Bodley and Cecil Greenwood Hare.
It is located at the corner of Rosario and San Juan Streets, Bacolod City.
The temple is located on the south side of Mt.
The roof features pitch pine roof trusses.
It is a Grade II* listed building.
Built in 1906, this small wooden church is part of the parish of Baxterley with Hurley and Wood End
The new church was consecrated on 16 April 1847 by the Bishop of Winchester.
Bon Accord Free Church is a congregation of the Free Church of Scotland in Aberdeen.
According to the Taiheiki, from its foundation until the end of the Kamakura shogunate every regent was buried there.
Its choir sings every 2nd and 4th Sunday of the month.
The white, wooden church has a large steeple in the front and it seats about 270 people.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Furness, the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness, and the diocese of Carlisle.
Our Lady of Czestochowa Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Worcester, Massachusetts, United States.
St James' Church is in the village of Melsonby, North Yorkshire, England.
It served as Alsace's main university between 1618 and 1704, preceding the Lutheran Strasbourg University in importance.
The church was consecrated again on 13 August 1931 by Bishop Andreas Fleischer after the renovations.
It is located in the village of Grense Jakobselv.
It is a 'ministry', a non-territorial episcopal polity-organization with subordinate churches and congregations in different parts of Brazil and the World
St George's, Hanover Square, is an Anglican church in the City of Westminster, central London, built in the early eighteenth century.
Dedicated to Saints Ethelbert and Gertrude, St Ethelbert's Church is a Roman Catholic church on Hereson Road in Ramsgate, Kent, England.
It was built in 1894 and added to the National Register in 1975.
The cathedral was expanded and largely rebuilt in 1850, with little of the 1789 structure remaining.
The stained glass windows were made by Mildred Williams in the 1980s.
Nordsida Church is a parish church in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
Historically Velgam Vehera was one of important Buddhist temples in the country, worshiped by both Sinhala and Tamil Buddhists.
The St. Francis Xavier Cathedral is a cathedral at Slovak National Uprising Square in Banská Bystrica, Slovakia.
St. Josaphat is a historic church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago located at 2311 North Southport Avenue in Chicago, Illinois.
It is the seat of the bishop of the Diocese of Imus, the diocese that has jurisdiction of all the Catholic parishes in Cavite.
The Church of St James is a Church of England parish church in Taunton, Somerset, England.
Since 2009 the church has been used by the Sri Raja Sahib Nabh Kanwal Trust.
The interior of the chapel is approximately 25 feet square.
The church has undergone two major renovations in 1937 and 1987.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Ripon, the archdeaconry of Richmond, and the Diocese of Leeds.
First Baptist Church has its origins in the oldest Baptist congregation in Jacksonville, Bethel Baptist Church, established in 1838.
The full-height campanile intended by Scott was not built, due to fears over the strength of the foundations.
It is located in the Solheimsviken neighborhood in the city of Bergen.
The new and expanded mission church were solemnly dedicated to the Immaculate Heart of Mary in August 1951.
The Cathedral Church of St Nicholas is a Church of England cathedral in Newcastle upon Tyne, England.
The church is part of the Kinn parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
A small garden, Le Bouchet, which is outside and to the north of the church marks the exact spot.
It is in Horsham District and is a Grade I listed building.
The church and college were built for the Society of Jesus of Lutsk in the 17th century.
Opened in 1887, it was put up for sale in June 2008 and was closed a month later.
Mary Magdalene is the patron saint of the church.
Fleringe Church is a medieval Lutheran church in Fleringe on the Swedish island of Gotland, in the Diocese of Visby.
The choir performs in the abbey and elsewhere.
Its benefice is united with those of St Mark, Kirkby: St Martin, Southdene, Kirkby: and Tower Hill, St Andrew, Kirkby.
The architect Ole Scheistrøen designed the current church building.
The Nebraska Zen Center follows the tradition established in Japan by Zen Master Eihei Dogen in the 13th century.
The main body of the church was rebuilt in 1882–83 by the architect George Edmund Street.
The church is part of the Eid og Fjelberg parish in the Sunnhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
It is dedicated to Guan Yin, the bodhisattva of compassion.
The church had three altars, the leading dedicated to the Virgin Mary and the two minors engaged to San Esteban and San Julián.
Kamei-in is a Buddhist temple located in the city of Ichikawa in Chiba Prefecture.
The Church of Pietà dei Turchini is a religious building in Naples, Italy.
Argao Church, canonically known as the Archdiocesan Shrine and Parish of Saint Michael the Archangel, is a Roman Catholic church in Argao, Cebu, Philippines.
The chapel's paintings depict the legend of St George killing the dragon, and his martyrdom.
Although parishioners complained that the proposed site was beyond the edge of town, the pastor prevailed.
The congregation was formed in 1828 by the Rev.
The Cathedral of the Blessed Virgin Mary, Truro is an Anglican cathedral located in the city of Truro, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Ellesmere, the archdeaconry of Salop, and the diocese of Lichfield.
St. Mary's Church is the only Catholic parish in the city of Noida, India and is dedicated to the Assumption of Our Lady.
The Anglican Church has decided to demolish the building and replace it with a new structure – a decision which has become controversial in post-quake Christchurch.
Other sources refer to it as a Danish-style gable.
The oldest parts of the church are from the later 12th century, a Romanesque fortress church built in stone.
St Peter's Church is in the village of Kirkbampton, Cumbria, England.
Harstad Church is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway.
It was built from 1830 to 1835 and designed by Ignatius Bonomi.
The church is part of the Nesheim parish in the Hardanger og Voss deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
The minster was built c. 1060 on the site of an earlier church, and is dedicated to St Gregory, who was pope 590–604.
Kaikorai Presbyterian Church is a Presbyterian congregation of the PCANZ Presbyterian Church of Aotearoa New Zealand located in Kaikorai, a suburb of Dunedin, New Zealand.
The majority of the existing structure was erected between the 12th and 14th centuries, the walls being constructed of limestone with ashlar dressings.
Tō-ji is located in Minami-ku near the intersection of Ōmiya Street and Kujō Street, southwest of Kyoto Station.
The Church St. Dimitrija, is an Orthodox Christian church Bajlovce, Kumanovo, Macedonia.
It includes the Entrance, Torii, Deities Hall, Hall of the Great Heroes, Assisted dnyana, Dining Room, etc.
It is believed to date from the 1220s.
Falnes Church is a parish church in Karmøy municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.
When the fire was extinguished, all that remained were the exterior walls and bell tower.
Church of the Assumption, Booterstown is a Roman Catholic church located in Booterstown, County Dublin, Ireland.
The church is thought to occupy the site of the Anglo-Saxon Helenstowe Nunnery.
Holy Trinity Church, Headington Quarry, is located in the district of Headington Quarry, Oxford, England.
The first church building, now Our Lady’s Chapel, was completed the following year.
The temple is a branch of Koyasan Shingon Buddhism and is the North America regional headquarters for the school.
The San Salvador del Mundo Church is the parish church of Caraga, Davao Oriental.
The Lochbroom Free Church is a place of worship of the Free Church of Scotland in Ullapool, in the Highland council area of Scotland.
The church is a prominent feature of the village, but is inconspicuous from the Market Place.
It was built during the reign of King Kavantissa containing the Lalata Dathun Wahanse of Lord Buddha.
The temple is named after its honorary founder, the Chinese master Buttsu Zenji.
The plans were reworked by the architect Johan Storm Munch in 1899 and approved by the municipality.
The city of St. Gallen originated as an adjoining settlement of the abbey.
St Cuthbert's Church is an Anglican church in the English market town of Darwen, Lancashire.
The church was built by Ole Syslak and it seats about 200 people.
It was commissioned by the governor of New Russia, Prince Mikhail Semyonovich Vorontsov, and Metropolitan Gavril Bănulescu-Bodoni in 1830.
They brought with them knowledge of viniculture and settled to make wine.
The building is constructed in the Gothic Revival style using English bond red brick, hence its nickname of "the Red Church".
The Local Ecumenical Partnership enables the congregation to be of mixed denomination - either Methodist or Anglican.
The second, a Santa Teresa by a follower of Vaccaro.
It is registered as a "Historic Place – Category I" by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust.
St John the Baptist Church is in Liverpool Road North, Burscough, Lancashire, England.
The adjoining grounds have recently had a series of interpretive panels designed for them by Groundwork Camden, with funding from the Heritage Lottery Fund.
Bailiffscourt Chapel is a deconsecrated chapel in the grounds of Bailiffscourt Hotel, a luxury hotel near the hamlet of Atherington in West Sussex, England.
It is depicted in The Blind Leading the Blind by Pieter Breughel the Elder.
The acoustics of the church is very good, and concerts are held quite often.
Follow the Roman or Latin Rite and depends in religious terms of the Apostolic Vicariate of Gambella which was created on 16 November 2000.
The Allen Temple AME Church in Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, is the mother church of the Third Episcopal District of the African Methodist Episcopal Church.
The church stands above the road and is reached by a flight of steps.
It is named for St Cuthbert of Lindisfarne, the 7th century bishop, healer and patron of Northern England.
That chapel was built during the 17th century and it was torn down to make room for the present church in 1883.
The current parish priest is Reverend Father Antonio Pablo G. Hidalgo.
It is a Grade II listed building and is situated on the A57 road leading out of Rainhill and is next door to Loyola Hall.
Shaolin Temple UK is a martial arts school and centre for study of Shaolin culture, in particular Gong Fu-Ch'an, Qigong and Ch'an Buddhist Meditation.
Yester Parish Church is a church of the Church of Scotland in the village of Gifford, East Lothian, Scotland.
Independent Presbyterian Church is a congregation of the Presbyterian Church located on the Southside in Birmingham, Alabama.
Fjørtoft Church is a parish church in Haram Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
According to an alternate reading of the name in Japanese, the temple is also referred to as Seisui-ji, and is commonly known as the Kiyomizu Kannon.
Influencers Church Atlanta started in November 2012 and was the first International church plant for Influencers Australia.
A Gothic Revival style building designed by Joseph Connolly.
Since 1986, St. Peter's has been staffed by the Jesuits.
San Carlos Borromeo Church, also known as Mahatao Church, is a Roman Catholic church located in Mahatao, Batan Island, Batanes, Philippines.
St. Mary’s Church, Atherstone is a Grade II* listed parish church in Atherstone, England.
Nordreisa Church is a parish church in the municipality of Nordreisa in Troms county, Norway.
There is no reference to a church or priest in the entry for Watford in the Domesday Book.
The first trustees were Milton Wright, Thomas Merridy, Tom King, Simon Dedrick, Grant Woods, Henry Shelly, Samuel Hamilton, and Reverend Isaac Wright.
The Church of the Free Port is a Church of Denmark parish church in the Østerbro district of Copenhagen, Denmark.
The church is part of the Bjordal og Ortnevik parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
The church is part of the Askvoll parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
The site is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register.
St Mary's Church is in the village of Abbeytown, Cumbria, England.
Opposite the door is a large crucifix of Christ the King.
From the 1950s to the 1980s, the church was used as an archive.
The historian John Harvey considers it to be the first truly Gothic structure in Europe, having broken from the last constraints of Romanesque.
Winniefred F. Naboya, JCL., who was formally installed on November 27, 2013.
The Schlosskirche or Schloßkirche was a Protestant church within Königsberg Castle in Königsberg, Germany.
St Andrew's Church is a redundant Anglican church in Cranford St Andrew, Northamptonshire, England.
The church is built of stone/brick, which is better suited than wood for the harsh marine climate on Fedje.
During this period the rich heritage of plainsong or polyphony would be used to enrich the singing of the liturgy.
The red wooden church was built in 1932.
The church was built c. 1150 and was later expanded into a cruciform church in 1748.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester, the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Wirral South.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
The Oxford Oratory Church of St Aloysius Gonzaga is the Catholic parish church for the centre of Oxford, England.
Jaro Cathedral, formally Jaro Metropolitan Cathedral and the National Shrine of Our Lady of the Candles, is the seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Jaro.
In 1818 parliament passed an act setting aside one million pounds to celebrate the defeat of Napoleon.
The overall design was inspired by the Gothic cathedrals of Europe, particularly San Sebastian Church in Manila.
The church is part of the "Bergen domkirke" parish in the Bergen arch-deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
The cathedral is the third largest in Britain after St Paul's and York Minster, being 484 by 271 feet.
It is one of the oldest Presbyterian church in Singapore.
A former convent, which was built in association with the church, now houses Niels Steensens Gymnasium, a Catholic upper secondary school, and a hall of residence.
St Martin's Church, Wareham, sometimes St Martin's-on-the-walls, is an Anglo-Saxon church in the town of Wareham, Dorset in England.
The church became the cathedral of the Episcopal Diocese of Southern Ohio.
Another former teacher at BZC was Maylie Scott, who died in 2001.
The 1950s saw the rapid spread of residential subdivisions across the once rural Wexford as Scarborough became one of Toronto's main bedroom communities.
The chapel and its attached school are recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
Classes are taught by Shifu Shi Yanlei and 35th generation disciples: Shi Hengdao, Hengjiu, Hengshang and Hengdi..
St Peter’s Church, Leicester is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Leicester, Leicestershire.
It is located in the village of Hopen, along the northern coast of the island of Smøla.
It was extended to the west in 1934 by A. J. Steadman and a Lady Chapel was added in 1958 by John Purser.
Kingcase Parish Church is located in South Prestwick, South Ayrshire, Scotland.
T. E. Lawrence was buried in the separate churchyard.
St Oswald's Church, Dunham-on-Trent is a Grade I listed former parish church in the Church of England in Dunham, Nottinghamshire.
17 acres of forested land were purchased by the Foundation for this purpose in 2008.
The church is a Grade I listed building as of 6 March 1967, and was vested in the Churches Conservation Trust on 14 December 1991.
The basilica was decreed on June 1, 2007.
St John the Evangelist Church is one of four parish churches in the town of Newbury in the English county of Berkshire.
Frøya Church is a parish church in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
Saint Mark's Church is a church in the St. Hanshaugen district of Oslo, Norway, completed in 1927.
The chapel was consecrated on 5 June 1988 and it now has the status of a church, although the name "chapel" is still used.
The 850th anniversary was celebrated in 2003.
The Church of St John sub Castro is an Anglican church in Lewes, the county town of East Sussex, England.
The church stands on Vassall Road, Kennington, in Vassall Ward in the London Borough of Lambeth.
Averbode Abbey is a Premonstratensian abbey situated near Diest, in the Archdiocese of Mechelen-Brussels in Belgium.
It is located in the village of Vikedal.
Saint Margaret's Church is the parish church of Lowestoft in the English county of Suffolk.
St Mary the Virgin's Church is an active Anglican parish church in Eccles, Greater Manchester, England.
The Saints Philip and James Church is a Roman Catholic church in Mrkonjić Grad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
It was named after Thomas Becket whose cult pilgrimage to Canterbury began at London Bridge.
The master builder who was responsible for the expansion of the church was John Alver.
The church is known for being one of the parishes that Fr.
Kirkelandet Church is the main parish church for Kristiansund Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
The Church of St Aeddan, Bettws Newydd, Monmouthshire, Wales is a fifteenth-century church of twelfth-century origin.
For many centuries it was a chapel royal, and from 1480 a royal peculiar, independent of the Diocese of Lichfield and even the Province of Canterbury.
The Church of St Augustine of Hippo in Lyttelton Road, Edgbaston, Birmingham, England, is a parish church in the Church of England.
The church was founded in 1799 and reformed in 1840.
Thought the Parish closed in 2009, a new parish was created by the name of Holy Family Parish, South Deerfield
It is located in the Bønestoppen neighborhood in the city of Bergen.
The church serves some 11.000 parishioners in Skåde Parish and holds weekly sermons along with weddings, burials and baptisms.
St Helen's Church, Trowell is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Trowell, Nottinghamshire.
Sant’Eligio Maggiore is a church in Naples, southern Italy.
The church is located in the village of Chalan Kanoa on the island of Saipan.
It has Grade II* listed status, reflecting its architectural and historical importance.
The surviving wall of the prison adjoins the north side of the churchyard.
On May 3, 1955, St. James was again designated the cathedral and was formally set apart on June 4, 1955.
Ringvassøy Church is a parish church in the municipality of Karlsøy in Troms county, Norway.
The concrete and wood church was built in 1979 by the architect Nils Toft.
Built in 1873 by architect J.P. LeCourt, it is one of the few examples of traditional Québécois church architecture in Ontario.
It is currently in the process of being a designated heritage site.
It was enlarged to the design of the same architect in 1859.
Notable later additions include work by Tilman Riemenschneider and Balthasar Neumann.
St. Giles' Church is a church in Ickenham, within the London Borough of Hillingdon in England.
In 1999 its parish was combined with that of the Church of St Bernard.
Christ Church, Birmingham, was a parish church in the Church of England on Colmore Row, Birmingham from 1805 to 1899.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Chorley, the archdeaconry of Blackburn, and the diocese of Blackburn.
St Mary's has the greatest length of any church in Australia.
Within the church is a statue dedicated to the memory of Apsley Cherry-Garrard, the polar explorer, who is buried in the north-west corner of the churchyard.
Restoration took place in 1845 and in 1889.
The church is located in the mining town of Røros.
First Church is a member church of the Reformed Church in America and was one of the first churches in Jasper County, Indiana.
Levanger Church is a parish church in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
This is heavily embodied through sharp edges and arches, stained glass windows, and, mostly, the two flanking steeples.
The Temple of Santiago, also known as the Temple of Quechula, is an abandoned Roman Catholic church located in the Nezahualcoyotl Reservoir in Chiapas, Mexico.
Solheim Church is a parish church in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
The church is significant for its historic association with the Aslackby Preceptory of the Knights Templar, and its unusual arch details in the tower.
Our Lady of Guadalupe is a Roman Catholic church in Danbury, Connecticut, part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
St. Joseph is a Roman Catholic church in South Norwalk, Connecticut, part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
The temple houses an ancient bath building, originally built by Empress Kōmyō, which she opened to the public.
Eventually the Chicago betsuin developed a cadre of senior students, including several ordained priests.
The monastery was established by Ajahn Sumedho under the auspices of his teacher, Ajahn Chah of Wat Pah Pong, Ubon, Thailand.
The parish motto Unity, Witness and Service found at the entrance serves to remind parishioners and guests alike of the purpose of this church.
This was replaced by a brick building in 1753.
The church is part of the Ørland parish in the Fosen deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Ormskirk, the archdeaconry of Warrington, and the diocese of Liverpool.
It is located in the village of Børselv.
It was constructed in 1922–23 by Calouste Gulbenkian as a memorial to his parents, and the architect was Arthur Davis.
All Saints Church is in Speke, Liverpool, Merseyside, England, standing at the junction of Hale Road and Speke Church Road.
It served the largest Church of Ireland parish in Dublin.
The Cathedral Church of St Patrick, Trim is a cathedral of the Church of Ireland in Trim, County Meath, Ireland.
The church is part of the Mo parish in the Indre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre.
The temple was established in 1825 by Chaophraya Nikonbodin), who donated the temple to Rama III.
Priests who have administered to the Parish since the consecration of the church are:
In 1926, the presbytery completely renovated which also involved substantial costs for the church with it.
The present octagonal church building was built in 1733 to replace an old stave church.
The Sacred Heart Basilica or Timaru Basilica, as it is popularly known because of its style of architecture, is a Catholic church in Timaru, New Zealand.
Second Baptist Church Houston is a megachurch in Houston, Texas, USA affiliated with the Southern Baptist Convention that has a membership of over 63,000.
Notably, the tower is detached from the main body of the church, and stands about 11 yards to its east.
It was built in 1167 by Min Shin Saw, a prince from Pagan, who had come to the shores of the Aungbinle lake to cultivate rice.
It was one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Boston.
The third and current church was completed in 1842.
Short common names are Hauptkirche BMV, or simply BMV.
The Saint Andrew's Church overlooks the historic Podil neighborhood, situated on a steep hill to which the church gave its current name—Andriyivska Hill.
St. Peter's Roman Catholic Latin Rite Church is located on West Street, Drogheda, Ireland.
Herbert S. Mekeel pastored the church to 1837 to 1979.
The architect Haakon Thorsen made the designs for the building.
The white wooden church building was constructed in 1874, and it seats about 350 people.
The church was designed by the architect O. Vangsnes.
The Cathedral Church of the Redeemer is located in the downtown core of Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
It is dedicated to Mar Hormizd, a seventh century Chaldean saint.
Old St Andrew's Church, Kingsbury, is a Romanian Orthodox and former Anglican church in the London Borough of Brent, Greater London, England.
St Paul's Church stands off Berry Lane, Longridge, Lancashire, England.
Mr Neill was ordained on 25 January 1940.
The present building was constructed in 1532 but a church has existed on the site since the 12th century.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Congleton, the archdeaconry of Macclesfield, and the diocese of Chester.
It benefice is united with those of St Oswald, Horton-in-Ribblesdale and St John the Evangelist, Langcliffe.
It is located in Chichester, in Sussex, England.
The founding senior pastor is Tom Mullins.
It is a Grade I listed building.
Notre Dame de France is a French Catholic church in London's Soho.
It is part of the benefice of All Saints' Church, Preston-on-Tees.
It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Hartford.
The church is part of the Strinda parish in the Strinda deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
It enshrines the Marian image of Our Lady of Peace and Good Voyage, and is the seat of the Bishop of Antipolo.
As with many sites in Kyoto, they have more casual names, and are known affectionately in Kyoto as Onissan and Ohigashisan.
The parish church will celebrate its quadricentennial year in April 2019.
Sofia church belongs to Sofia parish of the Church of Sweden.
St Mark's Church is located in Westfield, Woking, England.
The church was restored by Edward Cullinan with the inclusion of elements of its former structure.
It is the seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Caceres.
He went to Ryutaku-ji in Japan, where he met Soen Nakagawa.
Berkåk Church is a parish church in the municipality of Rennebu in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
Sacred Heart of Jesus Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Easthampton, Massachusetts, United States.
Nesna Church is a parish church in the municipality of Nesna in Nordland county, Norway.
It is located on Kong Oscars gate, close to the central railway station, in the central part of the city of Bergen.
Since then it has undergone alterations and additions.
The white, wooden church was built in 1890 by the architect Hans Heinrich Jess.
It is located in the village of Bru.
Santa Maria la Nova is a Renaissance style, now-deconsecrated, Roman Catholic church and monastery in central Naples.
Later she became the main consort of king Kavan Tissa of Ruhuna Kingdom, under the name Viharamahadevi.
It dates predominantly from 1558, with a tower added 1899–1900, and is protected as a Grade I listed building.
It is part of the Stimson Avenue Historic District.
It is called St Paul's because the estate was owned originally by the canons of St Paul’s Cathedral.
The church reopened on 9 September 1888; it is a Grade II* listed building.
St Matthew's Church, also known as the Glass Church, is an Anglican church in Millbrook, in the parish of Saint Lawrence, Jersey in the Channel Islands.
Nicholas Hamner Cobbs served this church for several years before becoming Bishop of Alabama.
It is located in the village of Grodås, at the eastern end of the lake Hornindalsvatnet.
All the major styles of English medieval architecture, from Norman to Perpendicular, are represented in the present building.
It contains memorials to significant families of the local Berden Hall and Berden Priory, and to a murdered Berden parish constable.
The temple is also called "Kasamori-dera" using the alternate pronunciation of the Chinese character for temple.
It is a prime example of the so-called 'Polish Cathedral style' of churches in both its opulence and grand scale.
The church is a Grade I Listed Building.
The present church was built about 500 metres north of the old church site.
It has a high roof with a steep pitch, with a tall triangular steeple.
St Mary's Cathedral is the cathedral church of the Diocese of Tuam, Killala and Achonry in the Church of Ireland.
It is the seat of the Diocese of Metuchen.
The church includes a full basement which has bathrooms and meeting rooms.
Built from 1087 to 1314 and dedicated to Saint Paul, the cathedral was the fourth church on the site at Ludgate Hill.
The nave and south aisle were reconstructed in the 19th century by R. C. Hussey.
Our Lady of Rosary Church is a Roman Catholic, Kallakurichi, situated in Villupuram district, Tamil Nadu, India.
Knox Presbyterian Church is a Presbyterian church in downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Landro Church is a parish church in Fjell municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
It was designed by Albert Vicars and is a Grade II listed building.
It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Norwich.
It is one of four churches located within 600m along Clergy Street.
The Church of Saint Mary is an Anglican parish church serving the town of Whitby in North Yorkshire England.
It is located in the village of Mortenhals.
It is located in the northern part of the village of Etnesjøen.
It was consecrated in 1870 by the Rt.
The church is located east of Parliament House and Rashtrapati Bhavan which was used by then British Viceroy.
The chapel's chancel is 98 feet high and is circular in shape; the roof of the apse is shaped like a nine-pointed star.
St. Clement of Rome Parish is a Roman Catholic church in Stamford, Connecticut, part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
Church of the Cross is a Lutheran church in Riga, the capital of Latvia.
Stavang Church is a parish church in Flora Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
Carlisle, because of heavy losses to its fabric, is the second smallest, of England's ancient cathedrals.
The tower is square with an obelisk spire.
It is located in the town of Vadsø.
It has eclectic neobaroque style with a neobaroque façade.
Menlo Park Presbyterian Church, called Menlo Church, is a congregation located in Menlo Park, California, San Mateo, Mountain View and San Jose.
The cathedral was restored and reopened in 2010.
The cathedral has been the seat of the Diocese of Banská Bystrica since 1776.
Renovations over the years have sought to preserve the original structure, and remains relatively unchanged.
St. Hedwig Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Southbridge, Massachusetts, United States.
33 on the lower terrace and 18 on the precincts.
Services were first held in a hall on Broadway Avenue and later in the South Methodist Church in the 100 block of North Warren.
In 1847 Leigh became the only parish in the Hundred of West Derby to be part of the new Diocese of Manchester.
It was at one time the largest bell that was cast in Norway.
Holy Trinity Church, Morecambe, or Morecambe Parish Church, is in Church Street, Morecambe, Lancashire, England.
Apart from Faxton, each of these parishes retains its own church building.
The gray, wood, cruciform church was built in 1984 by the architect Aksel Fronth.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester, the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Wirral South.
The sanctuary is considered sacred, and women are not allowed in it.
St. Pius X Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in the Churchill Park area of St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador.
There is no reference to a church or priest in the entry for the parish in the Domesday Book, which was compiled in 1086.
The church's historic records are held at Staffordshire Record Office.
At 195 feet, the spire of the church is a familiar landmark for miles around.
In the last few years, the church has been recognized for its rapid growth.
Veitastrond Chapel is a chapel in Luster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
St James' Church, Halloughton is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Halloughton.
Vik Church is a parish church in the municipality of Flatanger in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
It is located in the village of Vikebukt.
Various festivals are held throughout the year.
It is situated on the corner of St. Mary's Road and Fawcett Road in Willesden.
It was converted in 1953 to a synagogue.
The Espoo Cathedral is a medieval stone church in Espoo, Finland and the seat of the Diocese of Espoo of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland.
St Margaret’s Church, Ward End is a Grade II listed former Church of England parish church in Birmingham.
St Helen’s Church, Darley Dale is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Darley Dale, Derbyshire.
The church is known across the world as the "Rink", because it was formerly a skating rink.
The church represents the national romantic style in Nordic architecture and was designed by Sigfrid Ericson.
Pollard Baptist Church is a church in Ashland, Kentucky.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Kendal, the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness, and the diocese of Carlisle.
The church was built between 1883 and 1893.
The Lady Chapel was moved to Wellington Cathedral from its original site in Paraparaumu in 1990.
It has been renovated several times since then.
The church is part of the Fillan parish in the Orkdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
St Bridget's Church is in the town of West Kirby, Wirral, Merseyside, England.
The Cathedral Basilica of SS Peter and Cecilia is a Roman Catholic church building in Mar del Plata, Argentina.
The Church of St. Mary Magdalene is a Grade-I listed church located in Keyworth, Nottinghamshire.
Zen koans are a key part of what we do in PZI, although there is no requirement that anyone work with koans to practice with PZI.
The old parsonage wing then became the Ann Judson Room, baptismal dressing rooms, and classrooms.
Andørja Church is a parish church in the municipality of Ibestad in Troms county, Norway.
It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
5 sitting Buddha statues were already finished.
This has since been and the site has been incorporated into St Peter's College.
The church is named for Jan Hus, a Bohemian priest who was a theologian and reformer.
Catholic Church of Our Lady is a church in Aarhus, Denmark.
The facade is crowned by two towers with a rose window in between.
From the Terminal Tower Observation deck, on a clear day, you could see the cathedral's domes.
The Abbey Church of Waltham Holy Cross and St Lawrence is the parish church of the town of Waltham Abbey, Essex, England.
There are many beautiful monuments, and items of historical value, some dating back to the 1600s.
The pagoda was built 800 years ago by King Alaungsithu.
In 1990, the temple became home to the Historical Exhibition Museum of the Treaty of Nanking.
The interior of the chapel contains a 12th-century groin vault, supported by a central column.
The Cathedral of the Immaculate Heart of Mary is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Las Cruces in Las Cruces, New Mexico.
The building was initiated by the second Bishop of New Brunswick, The Most Rev.
All Saints' Church, Four Oaks is a Grade II* listed Church of England parish church in Birmingham.
Lovund Church is a parish church in the municipality of Lurøy in Nordland county, Norway.
The monastery was originally known Wat Songdhammakalyani."
St Peter's, Ennisnag is a Protestant Church that lies beside the Kings River, one mile north of Stoneyford village in County Kilkenny, Ireland.
Crathie Kirk is now united with neighbouring Braemar to form a single parish with two places of worship.
Holy Trinity Church is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Wensley, North Yorkshire, England.
The current church building was opened on 31 May 1991.
It belongs to the Myōshin-ji school of the Rinzai branch of Zen Buddhism.
Anraku-ji is a Buddhist temple of the Sōtō school in Bessho Onsen, Ueda, Nagano Prefecture, Japan.
The noteworthy feature of this church is a relic of St Thomas, which was brought from Mosul.
The church is part of the Gimmestad parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
In 1928 it was joined by the former Methodist congregation from nearby Clinton Street.
Visitors with Zen experience may participate after making prior arrangements and all visitors are treated as religious trainees.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
Vinje Church is a parish church in Voss municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
The church was built in the early 12th century and extended in the 17th century.
St Luke's Church is a former Anglican parish church, which is now a ruin.
The Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in Tyler, Texas, United States.
It is counted among the most significant church buildings in Münster and, along with the City Hall, is one of the symbols of the city.
The white, wooden church was built in 1785.
The Church of St. Francis in Warsaw is a church adjoining Franciscan convent in Warsaw's New Town.
First Presbyterian Church was distinguished by a wrap-around balcony of the oval interior.
Originating in the 13th century, additions and alterations were carried on into the 17th.
Tō-ji was founded in the early Heian period.
It was a Commissioners' church, having received a grant towards its construction from the Church Building Commission.
It is located in the village of Sundvord, serving the far southern part of Fusa municipality.
The dedication is to Christ the Saviour.
Gärdslösa Church is a Lutheran church on the Swedish island Öland, in the Baltic Sea.
The other Wardens are Pat McSherry and Doug Ibbott.
The new chapel was completed in 1996.
The West Tower has an octagonal broached steeple.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester, the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Congleton.
Regular ringing resumed at the church in June 2011 after several years' silence.
The Church of Our Lady a church in Kortedala in Gothenburg in Sweden.
There was a church on Kvitsøy since the middle ages.
St. Stanislaus Bishop & Martyr's Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Chicopee, Massachusetts, United States.
Saints Peter and Paul Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral located at Fourteenth and Meridian Streets in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States.
The simple layout of the church consists of a nave, a chancel, northern and southern aisles, and a tower.
Elpidio "Jun" R. De Peralta, Jr. was named Acting Rector and Parish Administrator, and Rev.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
St Michael the Archangel's Church is a redundant Anglican church near the village of Booton, Norfolk, England.
It was built in 1951 and it was a gift from Denmark after the Second World War.
It was built from 1841 to 1842 and designed by Weightman and Hadfield.
When the diocese was raised to a metropolitan archdioese in 2004, the cathedral became a metropolitan cathedral.
It is part of an informal grouping of five churches that are known collectively as "The 453 Churches" as they straddle the A453.
David Ruddick and Les Wells are the team vicars.
St Grwst's Church, Llanrwst, is located in Church Street, Llanrwst, Conwy, Wales.
The church stands at the top of a narrow winding lane which leads down to the River Dee, and it is adjacent to Chester Castle.
The chapel of ease was upgraded to the status of church with its own parish in 1855.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Ludlow, the archdeaconry of Ludlow, and the diocese of Hereford.
It is located in the village of Volda, along the northeastern shore of the Voldsfjorden.
Kerala Minister M. Vijayakumar presided over a meeting that followed.
The church opened in 1874 and was designed by the architects James M. Teale and Edmund Beckett Denison.
Godalming Friends Meeting House is a Friends meeting house in the ancient town of Godalming in the English county of Surrey.
It is part of the "Sacred Sites and Pilgrimage Routes in the Kii Mountain Range" UNESCO World Heritage Site.
The interior features the original stained glass windows, imported from England, and award-winning Stations of the Cross statuary.
St. Andrew's Church is the parish church of Goldsworth Park, a district of Woking, Surrey, England.
The cathedral is located at 416 Fifth Street in Juneau, Alaska.
The church is the largest in the province of Quezon; and is built in the shape of a key.
The white, wooden church was built in 1934 by the architects Fredrik Ziegler Kavli and Paul S. Michelsen.
The Roman Catholic Parish of Saint Francis of Assisi is located in Bedworth, Warwickshire, England.
Nygård Church is a parish church in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
The church is the location to a memorial to those killed during the sinking of the SS Sanct Svithun during World War II.
The church is located on King Street, and church services are conducted every Sunday.
Lord Muruga has two consorts, Devanai and Valli.
It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
All Saints Church is an Anglican church located in the suburb of Ainslie, Canberra.
The church is a late Georgian Roman Catholic church with later Victorian additions by the Catholic convert architect Benjamin Bucknall.
Dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary, it is first mentioned in 1198–1199.
It is located in the village of Mørsvikbotn.
The Erskine family donated land at Bedford Place and work on the new St. Mungo's church began in 1817.
St John the Baptist's Church is in Market Place, Atherton, Greater Manchester, England.
The current parish priest is Canon John O'Shea.
The Church of the Incarnation is a parish of the Diocese of Dallas of the Episcopal Church, located at 3966 McKinney Avenue in Dallas, Texas.
Christ Church consists of the remains of a redundant Anglican church in Wellington Road, Heaton Norris, Stockport, Greater Manchester, England.
In 1895 a new church was built on the same site as the former Broerkerk.
An earthquake occurred a year later causing only minor damage to the building due to the restoration work completed the previous year.
It is located in an isolated position in a field some 5 miles to the west of Ross-on-Wye.
Woodhall House is a Scottish mansion house, first recorded in 1707.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Tunstall, the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn.
E. L. Sprylions, of the All Hallows Bible class, was the instigator behind the formation of Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
St Saviour's Church is a redundant 19th-century Anglican church in the town of Tetbury, Gloucestershire, England.
Its benefice is united with those of St George, St Anne, Thwaites, and St Luke, Haverigg.
The Church of St Mary of the Angels, Worthing, is in Worthing, West Sussex, England.
Excavations in situ have revealed the basic structure of the temple, shards of Chinese pottery, and roof tiles bearing the Hōjō family crest.
The disused church was noted to be in bad condition in 1937, and the roof collapsed in 1950.
It is constructed in stone with some polychromy in the dressings.
Established in 1889, the parish is one of the oldest in the Los Angeles Archdiocese.
The Church of St. Mary and All Saints, Bingham, is a parish church in the Church of England in Bingham, Nottinghamshire.
The temple is three stories tall, with a height of 46 metres, and built with red brick.
It is located in the village of Tunnsjø senter.
The feast is followed by a week-long celebration known locally as the Bandra Fair and is visited by thousands of people.
It is the episcopal seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Erfurt.
Hōkō-ji is a temple in Kyoto, Japan, dating from the 16th century.
The Proto-Cathedral of St. James the Greater is a church building and parish of the Catholic Church located in Vancouver, Washington, United States.
Leigh was in the Diocese of Lichfield and Coventry until 1541 when it was transferred to the Diocese of Chester.
It contains furnishings and stained glass from Germany and the Netherlands.
It remains one of the largest congregations in the Christian Reformed denomination and runs many programs for children, students, adults, and seniors.
The church serves as the Cathedral of the Church of South India, Karnataka Central Diocese.
The Church of Our Lady of the Assumption and St. Gregory is a Roman Catholic church on Warwick Street, Westminster.
St Mawes’ Church, St Mawes is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England Diocese of Truro in St Mawes, Cornwall, England, UK.
It is located in the village of Knarvik.
Sandals Church holds services every Saturday & Sunday and also airs its services online every Sunday [1].
The church is a Norwegian Cultural Heritage Site.
The church is part of the Vera parish in the Sør-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Preston, the archdeaconry of Lancaster, and the diocese of Blackburn.
The building contains three images of seated Buddhas and an image of Buddha entering Nirvana.
Boge Church is a medieval Lutheran church in Boge not far from Slite on the Swedish island of Gotland, in the Diocese of Visby.
It was built in 1819 by King Bagyidaw.
St. Peter's Cathedral Basilica, is a church located at 196 Dufferin Avenue in London, Ontario, Canada for the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of London.
The sculptor Franjo Rebhan carved the side altars and the tombs in the crypts.
LED cove-lights were installed on geometrically designed ceiling.
During the restoration, the south wall was rebuilt, windows were renewed and a porch and north vestry were added.
The pattern of services reflects the fact that it is two parishes working closely together.
Abbeygreen Church is a reformed, evangelical congregation of the Church of Scotland in the town of Lesmahagow, South Lanarkshire.
Originally built by Charles Walker Posnett British Wesleyan Methodists, it was consecrated on 25 December 1924.
Bergstaden means "the mining town", and this is why the church is sometimes referred to as "Bergstadens Ziir".
It is built in red brick with a stone-flagged roof in two storeys with two external staircases.
Chalakudy is one of those areas in Kerala with a high concentration of Christian population, most belonging to the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church.
It was built by the Society of Jesus in the 1920s and it is situated on Cardigan Road in Burley, Leeds.
The temple is located near Seoul Subway Line 1, and is also connected to Suwon by intercity bus.
The Nassau Christian Center is an Assemblies of God church in Princeton, New Jersey located at 26 Nassau Street.
Akebäck Church is a medieval Lutheran church in Akebäck on the Swedish island of Gotland, in the Diocese of Visby.
St Gregory the Great Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, England.
It is a Grade I listed building.
Central Baptist Church is located on the main Chandni Chowk Road, just opposite Gurdwara Sisganj and before the Fountain Chowk in Delhi, India.
Schlueter Pipe Organ Company, was installed within the period of 14 months in time for the 30th anniversary celebrations of the central temple on July 27.
St Margaret's Church, Lee is a Church of England parish church in Lee, London.
It is the parish church of the previously separate village of Rottingdean, which became part of the former Borough of Brighton in 1928.
For churches with similar dedications in Kendal, see Kendal Parish Church, and St George's Church, Kendal.
It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
Its benefice is united with those of St Martin, Fulwood, and St Peter, Fulwood.
It is affiliated with St. Andrew's Schools, which consists of the main girls' K-12 school, the coeducational Queen Emma Preschool and a boys' preparatory school.
It is located in the village of Talvik, along the Altafjorden and the European route E06 highway.
It became a cathedral in 1938 when the Diocese of Chatham was moved to Bathurst.
The church is part of the Jondal parish in the Hardanger og Voss deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
Since 2002 restoration has been ongoing to restore the church to its original splendor.
The church is part of the Beitstad parish in the Nord-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
St Alfege Church is an Anglican church in the centre of Greenwich, part of the Royal Borough of Greenwich in London.
The present church was consecrated by the Bishop of Down, Connor and Dromore, Robert Bent Knox, on 28 October 1856.
In September 2011, the church's hall was destroyed by fire and had to be demolished.
