Founded in 1991 and playing at Dorton Arena, located at the North Carolina State Fairgrounds, the IceCaps were members of the ECHL.
FSM is a monthly professional wrestling and mixed martial arts magazine published in the United Kingdom by Uncooked Media.
They are members of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League, a part of the Canadian Junior A Hockey League.
Their final home game was a loss to the Wenatchee Wild in March 2012.
After a promising pre-season, the team under the new owners again ran into financial trouble, resulting in it finishing the 2002 season without any imports.
The Whitby Lawmen are a defunct Junior "A" ice hockey team from Whitby, Ontario, Canada.
The Northside Vics were a Junior C ice hockey team based in Sydney, Nova Scotia, Canada.
The team relocated to New Westminster, British Columbia before settling in Kennewick, Washington as the Tri-City Americans.
They are a part of the Central Canada Hockey League.
They play their home games at OlympiaWorld Innsbruck complex in Innsbruck.
Snezhnye Barsy is a junior ice hockey club from Astana, which contains players from the Barys Astana school.
The Hamilton Bulldogs are a major junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey League that began to play in the 2015–16 season.
In 1997, the Whalers franchise relocated to North Carolina, where it became the Carolina Hurricanes.
They play their home games at Baytex Energy Centre.
They are members of the American Hockey League, having begun play in the League starting in the 2007–08 season.
Milton Keynes Thunder are an ice hockey team from Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, currently playing in the National Ice Hockey League South Division 1.
They were the AHL affiliate of the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League.
The Trail Smoke Eaters are a junior "A" ice hockey team from Trail, British Columbia, Canada.
Both franchises were based out of Quebec City, Quebec.
The Peterborough Pirates were an English ice hockey team.
James Galante purchased the franchising rights for $500,000 and named his 17-year-old son, A. J., president and General Manager.
The Jets played in the Canadian Greater Metro Junior A Hockey League in 2010-11.
Founded in 1959, the club has on two occasions participated in the promotion qualifiers to Sweden's top flight without success.
The Dunedin Thunder is an ice hockey team based in Dunedin, New Zealand and are members of the New Zealand Ice Hockey League.
The San Jose Rhinos were an inline hockey team in Roller Hockey International from 1994-97 and 1999.
They play in the VHL, the second level of ice hockey in Russia.
These two championships came in the 2003 and 2012 competitions.
They were based in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, and played out of Mile One Centre.
The Mustangs' best result in the regular season was the 2014 season where they finished in first place and claimed the H Newman Reid Trophy.
They play in the Oberliga, the third level of ice hockey in Germany.
They have not won the AHL title to date, but have been runners-up on 4 occasions.
The Metropolitans played their home games at the Seattle Ice Arena.
The Louisiana IceGators were an ECHL team based in Lafayette, Louisiana from 1995 until the end of the 2004–05 season.
The team was originally known as the Trois-Rivières Ducs and were a founding member of the QMJHL in 1969.
Salem defeated the Winston-Salem Thunderbirds in the first round of the playoffs, but eventually lost to the Mohawk Valley Stars in the Payne Trophy Finals.
Rögle BK is a Swedish professional ice hockey club from Ängelholm.
That franchise eventually relocated to Steinbach and is now the Steinbach Pistons.
They joined four Japanese teams to create the new Asia League Ice Hockey.
They played three seasons, from 1988 to 1991, in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.
Formerly known as the Louisville Icehawks, they played in the East Coast Hockey League from 1995–2000.
The team colours are royal blue, navy blue and white, and their home arena is the Colisée Financière Sun Life.
The club also consisted of second and third teams.
They were the affiliates of the New York Rangers for both seasons and the Winnipeg Jets for 1980-81.
The team ceased operations after the 2009-10 CWHL season, after which a new Toronto team titled the Toronto Furies was established.
Soon after, the team moved to Transcona.
They play in the VHL, the second level of Russian ice hockey.
The team was based in Niagara Falls, Ontario.
They currently play in DEL2, the second level of ice hockey in Germany.
With the first pick overall in the 2012 CWHL Draft, the team selected Hillary Pattenden.
In 2012 they were a founding member of the Northern States Junior Hockey League but the team folded after one season.
The JHC Bars is a junior ice hockey team from Kazan, which contains players from the Ak Bars Kazan school.
The Winnipeg Jets were a Canadian professional ice hockey team based in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
The club plays their home games at the Vale Health & Wellness Centre.
They play their home games at Island Savings Centre.
FPS is a Finnish ice hockey team based in Forssan jäähalli, Forssa, established in 1931.
The club plays their home games at Canlan Ice Sports York.
The Rishon Devils is an ice hockey team form Rishon LeZion, Israel.
The home of the Pensacola Ice Pilots was the Pensacola Civic Center, which was referred to as "The Hangar", and has a capacity of 8,150.
The Berkshire Battalion were a minor league professional ice hockey team in the Federal Hockey League that played during the 2014–15 season.
Crowsnest Pass was later represented in the AJHL by the Crowsnest Pass Timberwolves from 1998-2004.
In 1966 they came close to winning promotion to the top division, only losing out in a decicive play-off match against Berliner SC.
Based in Middletown Township, New Jersey, the Titans play their home games at the Middletown Ice World.
Based in Ontario, California and affiliated with the National Hockey League's Los Angeles Kings, the team plays its home games at the Citizens Business Bank Arena.
Unable to move his team, Skalbania looked elsewhere to gain leverage in the ongoing merger discussions.
The Full name of the club is TUTO Hockey.
The Ice Bears won back to back President's Cup Championships in the 2007-08 and 2008-09 seasons.
Motor Barnaul was an ice hockey team in Barnaul, Russia.
They play 2012/13 in the Oberliga, the third level of ice hockey in Germany.
In its AWHL history, the Ghostriders have won the Bourne Cup once, in 1999.
The Beauport Harfangs were a junior ice hockey team in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League from 1990 to 1997.
The Moncton Golden Flames were a professional ice hockey team based in Moncton, New Brunswick, playing home games at the Moncton Coliseum.
Prior to the 2013–14 season they played in the 2nd Bundesliga.
The Murrayfield Racers were an ice hockey team in Edinburgh, Scotland, founded in 1952 changing their name to the Racers in 1966.
The Jets won the 2002 USA Hockey Junior B Silver Cup national championship.
Coached by John Choyce, they finished the 1973-74 season with a record of 16-54-16-48 189-263.
The Charlotte Checkers were an American ice hockey team in Charlotte, North Carolina, playing in the Eastern Hockey League and Southern Hockey League.
The London Lakers are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in London, Ontario, Canada.
In 2012 the team was bought by investors with the majority of the shares owned by entrepreneur and investor Magnus Kjøller.
Eight different players from the Maroons, and their coach Jim Gregory, transferred to the Toronto Marlboros for the 1964 season.
They play in the city of Detva, Slovakia at Zimný štadión Detva.
The club was formed in 1958 as the successor to Milan-Inter HC.
This made him the first professional player to score 200 points or more in a single season.
The New Hampshire Junior Monarchs are a Tier III Junior A ice hockey team from Hooksett, New Hampshire playing in the Eastern Hockey League.
Led by All Star forwards Tony Silvestri, Brett Wickman, Rodney Millette, and Jeff Goulet.
The Albany Devils were a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League.
The team played from 1959 until 1973, when the Eastern League folded.
The Toronto Roadrunners were an ice hockey team in the American Hockey League.
They played in California at the Snoopy World Hockey Tournament.
The Ottawa Loggers were a roller hockey team in the Roller Hockey International league.
The Wings were previously known as the Tidewater Wings for the 1971–72 season.
They played in Glens Falls, New York, United States at the Glens Falls Civic Center.
Two years later the franchise was again relocated, this time to Calgary, Alberta, where they played as the Calgary Cowboys beginning with the 1975–76 WHA season.
The club was founded in 1946 as VfL Bad Nauheim.
The team played its home games in Colisée de Laval in Laval, Quebec, Canada.
On 23 July 2014, the EIHA announced a new cup competition, the English Challenge Cup.
The team played only for the one season and folded along with the league in 1963.
It was reported that the team would be relocated to Springfield, Massachusetts following the pending sale and relocation of the Springfield Falcons franchise to Tucson, Arizona.
They play in the VHL, the second level of Russian ice hockey.
Their team colors were forest green and burgundy.
The Adirondack Phantoms were a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League, who began play in the 2009–10 AHL season.
Their home arena was the Palacio de Hielo DREAMS, which has a capacity of 4,800 spectators.
The Pembina Valley Twisters are a Canadian junior ice hockey team currently based in Morris, Manitoba, Canada.
They are members of the North Division of the Heritage Junior B Hockey League.
Based in Berlin, New Hampshire, the River Drivers played their home games at the Notre Dame Arena.
The team originally joined the Colonial Hockey League in 1991 as the Thunder Bay Thunder Hawks.
Per a Youngstown Vindicator report, discussions were recently held with the ECHL about a potential return for professional hockey in Youngstown.
The former home of the team was Aréna Jacques Plante.
The club then became one of the nation's top teams, with many players from LTC Prague on the Czechoslovak national team.
The club won the Swedish national championship in 2015.
The EVL is still responsible for non-professional areas, i.e.
They played in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada at the Colisée Pepsi.
Hammarby were giants in the early history of Swedish hockey, playing in Sweden's top league from the birth of Swedish organized hockey in 1922 until 1957.
Gentofte Stars is a Danish ice hockey team from the Gentofte in the northen suburbs of Copenhagen.
The team competes in the Belarusian Extraliga.
The Macon Whoopee are a defunct professional ice hockey team that played in the East Coast Hockey League during the 2001–02 season.
The Miami Valley Sabres were a minor league ice hockey team located in Troy, Ohio that played in the All-American Hockey League.
The club was founded in 2008 in Saint Petersburg as a farm club of the KHL team SKA St. Petersburg.
Their team colours are green, black and white.
Cheetahs games home and away in 1994 and their playoff games in 1995 were carried on WAUR Radio with Les Grobstein handling the play-by-play.
Arystan Hockey Club, commonly referred to as Arystan Temirtau, was a professional ice hockey team based in Temirtau, Kazakhstan.
After a poor first season in the tiny bandbox arena in Unionville, the Seaforths moved to downtown Toronto, becoming Toronto Knob Hill Farms.
The team played at the New York State Fair Coliseum on the New York State Fairgrounds.
The Toronto Arenas or Torontos was a professional men's ice hockey team that played in the first two seasons of the National Hockey League.
Formed in 2001, The Rhode Island Reds Heritage Society commemorates the existence of the franchise and keeps the memory alive.
The Peoria Rivermen are a professional ice hockey team in the Southern Professional Hockey League.
They formerly play in the Eastern Ontario Junior Hockey League.
Played since 1982 on St. Patrick's Day, it is one of the most celebrated games in minor league hockey.
The Walkerton Hawks are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based in Walkerton, Ontario, Canada.
They have historically been a playoff contender, but rarely progressing deep.
The team would finish its run in the EAHL, before finally folding in 1937.
The organization fields Tier III teams in the USPHL Premier and Elite Divisions.
The Peoria Mustangs are a USA Hockey-sanctioned Tier III ice hockey team in the North American 3 Hockey League.
The team was based in Louisville, Kentucky and played from 1995 to 1998.
The Swamp Rabbits are the second ECHL franchise to play in Greenville, as the city hosted the Greenville Grrrowl from 1998 until 2006.
The Bloomington PrairieThunder was a minor league professional ice hockey team based in Bloomington, Illinois.
The Jets played four seasons total in the NAHL before the league folded in 1977.
The Louiseville Jets were a Canadian semi-professional ice hockey team in Louiseville, Quebec.
The "City Slickers" as they were to become known were pulled together by manager Brian Cooper, father of former Wasps Ian and Stephen Cooper.
They play in the Greek Ice Hockey Championship.
They are members of the Eddie Mountain Division of the Kootenay Conference of the Kootenay International Junior Hockey League.
The team folded following the 1994 season.
The Robins were previously known as the Quebec Aces, until the parent club, Philadelphia Flyers transferred the Aces to Virginia after the 1970–71 season.
They are members of the Western Hockey League, joining the league in the 1967–68 season.
The Whalers were founded in 2014 and joined the GMHL in the 2014–15 season.
The club started out as a Junior-B team, then were promoted to Junior-A around the start of World War II.
The Philadelphia Junior Flyers are an USA Hockey-sanctioned Tier III Junior A ice hockey team from West Chester, Pennsylvania.
The Nottingham Lions are the current English National League Northern and National Champions, beating Peterborough Islanders in the National championship.
The league was formed in November 1904 and consisted of five teams; three from Michigan, one from Pennsylvania and one from Ontario in Canada.
Afterwards it became the Lexington Men O' War and since 2005 has been the Utah Grizzlies.
The Columbia Valley Rockies are a junior "B" ice hockey team based in Invermere, British Columbia, Canada.
The Greenville Swamp Rabbits are a professional ice hockey team located in Greenville, South Carolina.
They played in the World Hockey Association from 1972 to 1976.
The club played in the Asia League Ice Hockey.
They play their home games at Blackfalds Multipurpose Complx.
The Knights are a part of the Western States Hockey League and play in the Western Division.
Les Canadiennes de Montreal are a professional women's ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
The team plays in the highest Swedish league, and have done so since 1965.
The Spurs began play in the Western Hockey League in 1968, and played at the Denver Coliseum.
Started in 1972 by Cliff McNabb, whose brother Larry McNabb coached for many years at the old Nanaimo Civic Arena.
The Manchester Storm were an ice hockey team from Manchester, England.
The club was founded in 1971 as a merger of the ice hockey sections of Östers IF and Växjö IK.
The team's home ice is the Eishalle Rostock at the Schillingallee in the Kröpeliner-Tor-Vorstadt area of Rostock, next to DKB-Arena.
In 1971, they relocated to Halifax, Nova Scotia.
The franchise that replaced them, the Quad City Flames, lasted two seasons before that team moved to Abbotsford, British Columbia in 2009.
The two sides have played over 200 games, including eleven major finals, since 1992.
They are members of the North Division of the Vancouver Island Junior Hockey League.
SouthWest Cyclops were a Canadian professional indoor lacrosse team that played in the Canadian Lacrosse League.
The NT Pearls aka Darwin Airport Resort Territory Pearls are a nationally competing women's field hockey team based in Northern Territory, Australia.
Kazakhmys Hockey Club, commonly referred as Kazakhmys Satpaev, is a professional ice hockey team based in Satpaev, Kazakhstan.
The Jackson Bandits were a minor league professional ice hockey team and member of the East Coast Hockey League.
On July 2, 2009, the Scorpions ceased operations.
The Arkansas RiverBlades was a short-lived minor-league ice hockey team located in North Little Rock, Arkansas.
The head coach is Kari Rauhanen of Finland.
The real-life incident occurred in Johnstown with the Jets leading the playoff series 3 games to 2.
This article is about the defunct original Rio Grande Valley Killer Bees of the CHL from 2003 until 2012.
Albatros won the league championship in 1996 and 1997.
The final result was that hockey would stay for the season in Hamilton and the team given to Vancouver to operate.
Established in 1994, the team has been owned by the Calgary Flames hockey club since 1997.
The team plays their home games at the Cyclones Arena, located in Hudson, New Hampshire.
Currently the team holds tryouts for any hopefuls from the 28 of May to June 7th each year, in Florence.
They are members of the Prince Edward Island Junior C Hockey League.
Helsingborgs HC is a Swedish hockey club based in Helsingborg.
The men’s club has won a record seven league championships, winning its first in the league’s inaugural season, 1992–93.
Hokejski Klub Alfa, commonly referred to as HK Alfa or simply Alfa, was an ice hockey club from Ljubljana, Slovenia.
The New Jersey Rockets are an USA Hockey-sanctioned Tier III Junior A ice hockey team from Bridgewater, New Jersey.
The franchise has won four post-season championship titles in the UHL in 1999, 2002, 2004 and 2005.
The men's team participated in the Turkish Hockey SuperLig for the first time in the season, and became champion.
The merged club was formally called "IF IFK/IKS" but mostly referred to simply as "Norrköping" in the league tables in newspapers and such.
MUKS Orlik Opole is an ice hockey team in Opole, Poland.
Le Rangers de Montreal-Est are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team from Montréal-Est, Quebec, Canada.
However, the Océanic were shut out in the final game 4–0.
They were the feeder team of the Edmonton Oilers and the New Jersey Devils.
The league was formed at the Conference of Hockey Clubs in American Cities in Chicago, Illinois on November 5, 1904.
The Fairview Flyers are a junior "B" ice hockey team based in Fairview, Alberta, Canada.
Tacoma immediately emerged as a power in the WCHL, winning the regular season Northern Division title and reaching the league finals in its first season.
The team's sweater has proven popular in the United States, as Reebok has issued it with current Pittsburgh Penguins star Sidney Crosby's number 87 on it.
Prior to the 2013–14 season they played in the 2nd Bundesliga.
The Truro Bearcats are a Junior "A" team based out of Truro, Nova Scotia.
Former RiverDog Brian Goudie was named player–assistant coach of the SPHL Renegades in 2006–07, and head coach of the Renegades in 2007–08.
The Wildcats would soon be replaced by the Richmond Rifles of the Eastern Hockey League in 1979.
The club was given its current name in 1997.
They played their games at the West Palm Beach Auditorium.
The Miami Fusion were a professional soccer team based in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
The Winnipeg Rangers were a Canadian junior hockey team in the Manitoba Junior Hockey League and the second team to use this name.
In the 2015-2016 season they were captained by Travis Kelley.
The Calgary Flames bought and relocated the Utica Devils, to be their AHL affiliate.
They were a member of the American Hockey League from 1990 to 1999, and were a farm team of the Montreal Canadiens.
The Blizzard play out of the Larson Ice Center in Brookings, South Dakota.
The North Dundas Rockets are a Junior ice hockey team based out of Chesterville, Ontario.
The Dresdner Eislöwen are a professional ice hockey team based in Dresden, Saxony, Germany.
They played in the Czech 1.liga, the second level of ice hockey in the Czech Republic.
The Slough Jets' home rink is the Slough Ice Arena, which is also known as the "Hangar".
On 31 May 2017 it was announced that the Predators would cease operations.
In 1970, the Senate adopted a "two-track" procedure to prevent filibusters from stopping all other Senate business.
The Jets previously played in the Ice Palace.
After finishing last place in the second season, the team was rescued by another NHL sponsorship, this time from the Chicago Black Hawks.
The Cajun Catahoulas were a Junior A Tier III ice hockey team, based in Carencro, Louisiana, which is located just outside Lafayette.
The team had been the Nova Scotia Voyageurs before 1984, and subsequently moved to Fredericton, New Brunswick as the Fredericton Canadiens.
Storms that form east of the date line and north of the equator are called hurricanes; see 1957 Pacific hurricane season.
The team went on a hiatus from 1953 to 1962 due to a fire at the Hambly Arena.
They have competed in the Latvian Hockey League since 1998, and played in the Eastern European Hockey League from 2001–2003
The duo participated in their first WHL Draft on Thursday, May 4, 2017, where they acquired 10 new draft picks for the team.
The Cougars played their home games at the Victoria Memorial Arena, which was demolished in 2003.
The St. Michael's Buzzers are a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The Michigan Stars were a minor league ice hockey team located in Trenton, Michigan that played in the All-American Hockey League.
The Checkers play their home games at Bojangles' Coliseum.
The Birmingham Bulls were a professional ice hockey team based in Birmingham, Alabama, USA.
The Baton Rouge Kingfish were another, less successful intrastate rival.
They were members of the Interior Conference of the British Columbia Hockey League.
They are currently playing in FFHG Division 2, the third level of French ice hockey.
The Pelicans are a professional ice hockey team playing in the Finnish Liiga, and formed in 1992.
They are captained by Shelley Watson and Meredith Bone.
The Mimico Monarchs were a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based in the Mimico neighbourhood of Toronto, Ontario.
Then on October 4, 1936, after winning the IHL championship, the Olympics moved to Pittsburgh to become the Hornets.
The team relocated in 1973 to Kamloops to become the Kamloops Chiefs before settling in Seattle as the Seattle Breakers in 1977.
Many die-hard fans, players and broadcasters remember the fierce bench-clearing brawl between the Speed and Asheville Smoke in January 2001.
The Boston Bruins are a professional ice hockey team based in Boston, Massachusetts.
They were a part of the Superior International Junior Hockey League for parts of five seasons.
Founded first in 1936 by Willi Münstermann, the pro team became a limited liability company in 1994 and joined the top tier Deutsche Eishockey Liga.
They are members of the South Division of the Prairie Junior Hockey League.
They finished the 2011 season first, becoming champions of the 2nd Bundesliga.
The franchise was founded as the Minnesota Moose of the International Hockey League in 1994.
The Rockets joined the league in 1991 as an expansion team.
They play in the Czech 1.liga, the second level of ice hockey in the country.
They play in the Junior Hockey League Division B, the second level of Russian junior ice hockey.
The Scarborough Sting was a professional women's ice hockey team in the National Women's Hockey League.
The Surrey Knights are a Junior "B" ice hockey team based in Surrey, British Columbia, Canada.
They play in the Greater Metro Junior A Hockey League.
They were based in the eastern Ontario city of Cornwall and played at the Ed Lumley Arena inside the Cornwall Civic Complex.
They finished a whopping 50 points behind the division leading Fredericton Express.
Västerviks IK is a Swedish ice hockey club, based in Västervik.
The two teams were formed in the fall of 1941 and folded at the end of the season in spring 1942.
The Toronto Lions were a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey Association from 1931 to 1939.
The Mustangs played their home games in the Santa Ana Star Center.
The club is affiliated with a KHL team Sibir Novosibirsk since 2012.
The Boston Blades are a professional women's ice hockey team in the Canadian Women's Hockey League, and are based in Boston, Massachusetts.
At the end of the 2011–12 season Coventry Blaze announced their intention to sell the Stingrays.
After moving to Toledo for the 1963-64 season, they were renamed the Blades.
The Tecumseh Hockey Club, also known as the Toronto Tecumsehs and nicknamed the Indians, were a team in the National Hockey Association in 1912-13.
The franchise was previously known as the Flint Jr.
In the 2010–11 season, the Giants celebrated their tenth anniversary, a ten-year span known as the "Giant Decade."
In its KIJHL history, the team has won the KIJHL Championship twice, in 2007 and 2008.
It is possible that they returned to Junior B from this point on.
The Stettler Lightning are a Junior "B" Ice Hockey team based in Stettler, Alberta, Canada.
They had played only forty-one out of seventy-five games.
The teams are coached by Paul Burton and assistant Sam Phillips.
The Washington Capitals are a professional ice hockey team based in Washington, D.C.
The Spokane Flyers were a junior ice hockey team that played one and a half seasons in the Western Hockey League from 1980–1982.
They were renamed the Draveurs in 1973.
The team is currently affiliated with the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League and the Hartford Wolf Pack of the American Hockey League.
The team was based in Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada, and played its home games at the 7,046-seat Abbotsford Entertainment & Sports Centre.
They play in the Greater Metro Junior A Hockey League.
The Mavericks played from 1974 until 1977 in the Midwest Junior Hockey League, before moving to the United States Hockey League in 1978.
[2] In 1971, the Flyers chose to relocate their farm team to Richmond, Virginia.
In 1982, they moved to East Rutherford, New Jersey and took their current name.
The team play at the Murrayfield Ice Rink, close to Murrayfield Rugby stadium.
The Richmond RiverDogs were a professional minor league ice hockey franchise based in Richmond, Virginia.
They play in the Serie A, the top level of ice hockey in Italy.
The Springfield Falcons were an ice hockey team in the American Hockey League and played in Springfield, Massachusetts, at the MassMutual Center.
The Kelowna Chiefs are a junior "B" ice hockey team based in Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada.
It plays in the Slovak 1.Liga, the country's second division of ice hockey.
They play in the Armenian Hockey League, the top level of ice hockey in Armenia.
The Pensacola Ice Pilots was a minor league ice hockey team located in Pensacola, Florida.
Joining the Russian under-20 Junior Hockey League in 2009, the teamplays in the West Conference.
The team's mascot was Paws the Lion.
On July 21, 2011, the franchise participated in its first ever CWHL Draft.
The team was then sold and moved to St. Louis, Missouri and became the St. Louis Heartland Eagles.
The Mallards won 50 or more games in 6 consecutive seasons, from 1996-97 to 2001-02, a professional hockey record.
The club provides a relaxed and fun environment.
Nick Trbovich became majority owner before the season began, with Michel running hockey operations.
The Owen Sound North Stars are a Canadian Senior box lacrosse team.
HK Stari Grad is an ice hockey club from Sarajevo, Bosnia.
The Macon Trax were a minor-league professional ice hockey team based in Macon, Georgia.
The club was founded September 19, 1937 and is also known as "Bianco-Blu".
Ray Frederick, Stephen Kraftcheck, Glen Sonmor, Jack Stoddard
Three Alumni from the Whizzers/Szabos graduated to play in the National Hockey League.
The Wichita Thunder are a minor league hockey team based in Wichita, Kansas.
The team plays its home games in the 6,521-seat Tissot Arena.
Goaltender Delayne Brian was recognized as the Most Valuable Player of the Clarkson Cup playoffs.
The Korn Kings were a member of the All American Hockey League and played their home games at Alice Noble Ice Arena in Wooster, OH.
The club was founded in 2003 and plays in the Bosnia and Herzegovina Hockey League.
Port Huron won the International Hockey League playoff title, known as the Turner Cup, in 1966, 1971, and 1972.
The team has sought to duplicate the game's success with the Pink Ice Game, the Orange Ice Game and a new creation, the Blue Ice Game.
The Spruce Grove Saints are an ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League.
Paid attendance of 4,339 and gate receipts of CA$3,040 both set short-lived Toronto hockey records.
In 1929, the Kitchener Dutchmen International Hockey League franchise was transferred to Cleveland.
The team played its home games at the Phillip Swimming & Ice Skating Centre in Phillip, a suburb of Australia's capital city, Canberra.
The Grand Rapids Owls was a USA Hockey-sanctioned Tier III Junior A ice hockey team in the Central States Hockey League.
Since December 2003, the Coyotes have played their home games at Gila River Arena after having spent 7½ seasons at America West Arena in downtown Phoenix.
They are members of the Central Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League.
They are affiliated with the NHL's Chicago Blackhawks and the AHL's Rockford IceHogs.
The New Jersey Titans are a Tier II junior ice hockey team in the North American Hockey League.
Cercle des Patineurs Liegois was an ice hockey team in Liege, Belgium.
The team plays in the Mountain Division of the Western States Hockey League at Boulder Valley Ice at Superior.
That season, Bob Wiest led the league in scoring, winning the Eddie Powers Memorial Trophy with 40 goals and 28 assists in 40 games.
With no league to play in the club also ceased operations.
The team is often referred to as the Bolts, and the nickname is used on the current third jersey.
The SA Suns won national championships in 1995 and 2011.
They were the 2013 Presidents Cup National Champions and three-time Ontario Lacrosse Association Senior B Champions.
They are members of the Mainland Division of the British Columbia Hockey League.
For the defunct CoHL/UHL/IHL franchise, see: Muskegon Lumberjacks.
The Thunder Bay Flyers were a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada.
The New York Hockey Club, also known as the Hockey Club of New York, was an amateur ice hockey team from Manhattan in New York City.
But a hot Cornwall goalie, Garth Snow and sniper Rene Corbet made short work of the Canucks in 4 games.
EHC Klostersee is an ice hockey team in Grafing, Germany.
The team competes in the Belarusian Extraliga.
The Nova Scotia Voyageurs were a professional ice hockey team, based in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
The IceRays are based in Corpus Christi, Texas and play in the North American Hockey League's South Division.
EHC Kloten is an ice hockey team based in the city of Kloten in Switzerland.
The Baltimore Bandits were an ice hockey team in the American Hockey League in the 1995–96 and 1996–97 seasons.
The Quebec Nordiques were a professional ice hockey team based in Quebec City, Quebec.
The Indians won seven Calder Cup championships, one while known as the Kings in 1971.
When the league folded, the team did too.
The Lakeshore Winterhawks were a senior hockey team based out of Southampton, Ontario, Canada.
The team's lease with Orleans Arena ended after the 2013–14 season.
Prior to the 2015-16 season, South Grenville was a member of the Eastern Ontario Junior Hockey League as the Prescott Flyers.
They did not qualify for the playoffs, and folded after the season.
While they were the RadioX they played at the Pavillon de la Jeunesse, having previously played at the Colisée Pepsi.
Since their inception, the Ducks have played their home games at the Honda Center.
The team played at the Buffalo Memorial Auditorium from 1994-1995.
They are members of the North Eastern Alberta Junior B Hockey League.
They play out of the Progressive Auto Sales Arena.
The franchise was moved to Cornwall, Ontario in 1993, where they were known as the Cornwall Aces.
Since 2002 the team had played in the Oberliga and was promoted to the 2nd Division in 2008.
The team's head coach is Paul Dixon who took over after Stan Marple retired in 2007.
They are members of the Minor Hockey League, the top tier of junior hockey in the country.
Beginning in the 2014–15 season, the team moved to Allentown, Pennsylvania, and are now known as the Lehigh Valley Phantoms.
For the 2008–09 season the Cajun Catahoulas moved their team and operations to North Richland Hills, Texas to become the Texas Renegades.
Hokejový Klub 36 Skalica is a professional ice hockey team based in Skalica, Slovakia.
The Richmond Robins were a professional ice hockey team based in Richmond, Virginia.
They play their home games at Weyerhaeuser Arena.
The Downriver Stars are a defunct AAHL team based out of Trenton, Michigan.
The Grimsby Red Wings are a British ice hockey club.
Frisk Asker is the ice hockey division of the Norwegian sports club IF Frisk Asker, founded in 1922.
They played in Cleveland, Ohio, at Gund Arena between 2001 and 2006.
Hokki is a Finnish ice hockey team based at Kajaani.
They played nine games before being relocated to Cincinnati due to an explosion that rendered the Coliseum unusable.
The Richmond Renegades was a SPHL ice hockey team in Richmond, Virginia.
Had the Generals returned for 2010–11, the Warriors would have still remained, making sure their home schedule had no conflicts with the Generals'.
Competing in the Greater Metro Junior 'A' Hockey League from 2007 until 2014, the Hawks originated as the Douro Dukes of Douro, Ontario in 2007.
Johnstown were Turner Cup finalists in 1953–54, losing 4 games to 2, to the Cincinnati Mohawks.
Following the 1990–91 QMJHL season, the franchise was relocated to Verdun, Quebec, becoming the Verdun Collège Français.
The Niagara Falls Flyers were two junior ice hockey franchises that played in the top tier in the Ontario Hockey Association.
Caps are a Canadian Junior ice hockey club from St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador.
The Hamburg Freezers were a German professional men's ice hockey club from Hamburg, Germany that played in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga.
Through the Flames Foundation, the team has donated more than $32 million to charity throughout southern Alberta since the franchise arrived.
Unable to reach a new lease agreement with the Florence Civic Center, the Cyclones relocated Winston-Salem for the 2007–08 season.
Rubin Tyumen is an ice hockey team in Tyumen, Russia.
They won the Mowat Cup and BC/Alberta Junior "A" Championship in 1978.
Torpedo Sofia is an ice hockey team in Sofia, Bulgaria.
The squad then switched to playing European tours, popularising the sport, and from 1909 to 1913 and 1920 onwards playing an annual varsity match.
After the Syracuse Blazers won the 1973 Eastern Hockey League title, that league folded.
The second team was relocated from Cleveland, Ohio, and played for part of the 1976–77 season.
They are members of the South Division of the Heritage Junior B Hockey League as well as members of the Canadian Sport School Hockey League.
They played in the American Hockey League, from 1971 to 1984.
They play in Calgary, Alberta, Canada at the Max Bell Centre, capacity 3500.
The Sabres are owned by Terry Pegula, who purchased the club in 2011.
They play their home games at Ponoka Culture & Recreation Complex.
Skien IK is an ice hockey team in Skien, Norway.
With 3 provincial championships, 1 Keystone Cup, and 1 Keystone bronze medal.
The Pittsburgh Winter Garden hockey team was an amateur ice hockey team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
They won the President's Cup in 2007.
The Lumberjacks play 48 game regular season games, in addition to showcase and post-season tournament games.
HK Mogo was founded in 2014 by Mogo Finance and joined the Latvian Hockey Higher League in the same year.
The New Orleans Brass was a hockey team in the ECHL from 1997 to 2002.
The Dawson Creek Rage were a Tier II Junior A ice hockey team, based out of Dawson Creek, British Columbia.
In the 2002–03 season, the team made its first Stanley Cup playoff appearance, making a surprising run to the Western Conference Finals.
The 2016–17 season is to be their last season at the Listowel Memorial Arena.
In 1998 the team took the name of Mando's parent company, Halla.
The Merritt Centennials are a junior "A" ice hockey team based in Merritt, British Columbia.
The Gatineau Olympiques are a major junior ice hockey team based in Gatineau, Quebec, that plays in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.
They play in Green Bay, Wisconsin, at the Resch Center.
Slough Jets are an ice hockey team from Slough, Berkshire, England.
These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northwestern Pacific Ocean.
The Cougars play their home games at the Iceoplex at Southpointe near Canonsburg, Pennsylvania.
The franchise suspended operations after the 2002–03 season and became dormant for two seasons.
They play out of the Belfast Recreation Centre, and are coached by Devan Gunn.
They are current PLAY OFF Winners following their Play-Off victory on 9th April 2017.
They won it a second time in 2015–16, and did so for a third time the following season in 2016–17.
The first radio voice of the Brass was Steve Carroll, who is now the radio voice of the Anaheim Ducks.
The club played in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga for the 1994–95 season before folding.
The Majors finished third in their group.
The Madison Monsters was a hockey team based in Madison, Wisconsin that later moved to Knoxville, Tennessee and was named the Knoxville Speed.
The Vancouver Villas were a junior ice hockey team based in Vancouver, British Columbia that played four seasons in the BCJHL from 1969-73.
It is generally referred to by its abbreviation "HCD" by the fans.
The team was originally the Detroit Freeze until it relocated to a Chicago suburb of Geneva.
The Aces played until 1971, from 1930 on playing home games at the Quebec Coliseum.
The Brampton Beast is a professional ice hockey team based in Brampton, Ontario, Canada.
Today, Örebro is represented in Sweden's upper-tier hockey leagues by Örebro HK.
Hokejsko Drsalno Društvo Bled, commonly referred to as HDD Bled or simply Bled, is an ice hockey club from Bled, Slovenia.
The team plays in the Israeli League, the top level of ice hockey in the country.
The Wolverines are 4-time Thunder Bay Junior B and Northern Ontario Junior B champions, as well as 2009 Keystone Cup Western Canada silver medalists.
They played as the Baton Rouge Kingfish from 1996 to 2003 before moving to Victoria, British Columbia, as the Victoria Salmon Kings.
The Kamloops Chiefs were a junior ice hockey team based in Kamloops, British Columbia that played in the Western Canada Hockey League from 1973–77.
The Penguins play in the Nova Scotia Junior Hockey League and are the 2007 Don Johnson Cup Maritime Junior B Champions.
Due to financial difficulties, the original team disbanded in 2013.
The team was at one time affiliated with the San Jose Sharks.
The Perth Blue Wings are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based in Perth, Ontario.
The team, originally known as the Cape Fear FireAntz, began play in the Atlantic Coast Hockey League in the 2002–03 season.
The Stars are coached by Player/Coach Michael Bowman.
This was the first time since 1918, when the Montreal Wanderers folded, that Montreal would have a second hockey team.
The team played for two seasons in the Ontario Professional Hockey League, from 1910 to 1911.
IFK Tumba Hockey took Botkyrka HC's spot in Division 1.
The team competed in the Midwest division of the Western States Hockey League beginning in 2005–06 season.
Famous National Hockey League players to have played on this team include Hall of Fame goaltender Eddie "The Eagle" Belfour.
The Oak Ridges Dynes are a defunct Junior "B" ice hockey team from Oak Ridges, Ontario, Canada.
Until 2007 the team played at the former Cahill Stadium.
At 412,892 subscribers, it is the most widely circulated hockey publication in the world.
The Wingham Bulls were a senior hockey team based out of Wingham, Ontario, Canada.
They are currently members of the National Ice Hockey League playing in its Moralee Conference.
The team plays home games at the 5,200-seat Covelli Centre in Youngstown, Ohio.
Starting the 2016-17 season the Otters are members of the Provincial Junior Hockey League.
A women's team, the EV Bozen Eagles, has participated in the Women's Serie A since 2008.
The club won its sole Stanley Cup championship in 1914.
They are a part of the Quebec Junior AAA Hockey League.
The Canberra Lakers are an Australian hockey team based in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory that play in the Australian Hockey League.
The Pittsburgh Shamrocks were a professional ice hockey team, based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania that played in the International Hockey League in 1935–36.
They played in the Eastern Ontario Junior Hockey League until the end of the 2014-15 season.
The Sarnia team that helped displace the original Legionnaires in 1970 are now officially known as the Sarnia Legionnaires.
Longueuil failed to qualify for the playoffs in their next two seasons, but in returned to the playoffs in 1987 coached by Guy Chouinard.
The Prince George Cougars are a Canadian major junior ice hockey team currently members of the B.C.
The Brockville Braves are a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Brockville, Ontario, Canada.
The Fredericton Express were a professional ice hockey team based in Fredericton, New Brunswick.
The club was promoted to the 2.
The Wolf Pack is the top affiliate of the NHL's New York Rangers and is one of the three professional hockey teams in Connecticut.
The club was founded in 1911 and began operations in 1912.
Prior to the 2013–14 season they played in the 2nd Bundesliga.
TPS or Turun Palloseura is an ice hockey team and 10-time champion of SM-liiga and 1-time champion of SM-sarja.
The Americans have played for the Calder Cup 16 times.
For the also defunct NAHL franchise of same name, see: Rio Grande Valley Killer Bees.
West Toronto were the Eastern Canadian Champions in 1930.
For many years, the Tulsa Oilers name was shared with Tulsa's former minor-league baseball team that pre-dated the Tulsa Drillers.
The South Side Lynx are a Canadian Junior C ice hockey team based in Crapaud, Prince Edward Island.
They played in the American Hockey League between 1988 and 1993.
The Minnesota Wilderness are an American Tier II junior ice hockey team based in Cloquet, Minnesota and play in the North American Hockey League.
They played in the Greater Metro Junior 'A' Hockey League.
Five alumni of the Native Sons graduated to play in the NHL.
The team colours were white, gold and blue.
The Racers' best-known coach Jacques Demers later led the Montreal Canadiens to win the NHL's Stanley Cup.
They are a part of the Ontario Junior Hockey League.
The club was founded in 1928 after the merger of SK Moravská Slavia and SK Slovan Ostrava.
The Sexsmith Vipers are a Junior "B" Ice Hockey team based in Sexsmith, Alberta, Canada.
The Maine Moose were a Tier III Junior "A" ice hockey team from Hallowell, Maine in the AAU-sanctioned Northern States Junior Hockey League.
The Hampton Roads Gulls were a professional ice hockey team based in Hampton, VA.
They were part of the Quebec Junior AAA Hockey League from 2002 to 2015.
The other two appearances were in 2003 and 2005.
It currently competes only with junior selections.
The move to the Quad Cities was confirmed on May 24, 2007.
Home games were played at Sullivan Arena in Anchorage.
The Mississauga Jr. Chiefs are a Canadian Junior women's ice hockey team based in Mississauga, Ontario.
The MetroCentre purchased the IceHogs name and logo from the prior ownership group and applied them to the new AHL franchise.
Two seasons team played their home games out of the Inbox.lv ledus halle, since October 2016 team has its own arena - Mogo ledus halle.
The Kodiaks play their home games at Aldergrove Community Arena.
The Buccaneers have also had many players continue to play hockey after completing their USHL career in Des Moines.
Beginning in the 1980s, many of the Northeast's middle class children graduated from college and settled in suburbs, especially nearby Bucks County.
They currently play in DEL2, the second level of ice hockey in Germany.
The Lynx played their home games at the James Brown Arena.
The Peterborough Petes are a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey League.
As a Western Canadian Junior B hockey team, the Rangers are eligible for the Keystone Cup.
They played in Manchester, New Hampshire, at the Verizon Wireless Arena.
The Burlington Barracudas are a professional women's ice hockey team that plays in Burlington, Ontario, Canada.
All three seasons, the Buffaloes were defeated by the powerful Oil Kings.
The Hamilton Canucks were a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League.
In 1965, the cross-town Calgary Cowboys withdrew from the AJHL with most of their players moving to the Buffaloes.
Les Braves de Valleyfield were a Canadian Junior ice hockey team from Salaberry-de-Valleyfield, Quebec, Canada.
They were the champions of the Murphy Cup Championship in 1999, the final year of the RHI's existence.
They play in the Danish Division 1, the second level of ice hockey in the country.
Lørenskog Ishockeyklubb is a Norwegian ice hockey team based in Lørenskog, Norway.
On March 3, 2011 the Federal Hockey League franchise rights for Cape Cod were transferred to the Cape Cod Hockey Development Foundation.
Paul Newman's film Slap Shot was filmed in part at the Onondaga County War Memorial during the Blazers' 1976 season.
But then a rapid fall came and the team fell from 5th place to 13th, thus it had to play play-outs and then relegation play-offs.
Neftyanik Leninogorsk was an ice hockey team in Leninogorsk, Russia.
The Tallahassee Tiger Sharks were a minor professional ice hockey team that played in the ECHL from 1994 to 2001.
The Hawks won the F. G. "Teddy" Oke Trophy twice for regular season division championships in 1979–80, and 1981–82.
Dinamo Sofia is an ice hockey team in Sofia, Bulgaria.
With the third overall pick in the 2011 CWHL Draft, Team Alberta selected Meaghan Mikkelson.
The team is currently playing in the third highest league in Sweden, Hockeyettan.
Part of the rebirth of MLRH, the Storm were one of six teams announced for the 2008 MLRH Pro Tour.
The Canucks lost their Memorial Cup competition against the Toronto St. Michael's Majors in both years.
They won their first premiership in 2010.
The team plays home games at the Bridgewater Ice Arena in Bridgewater, Massachusetts
Both teams played their home games at the Portland Ice Arena.
The Russian word "toros" means "hummock, ice block".
It has been a member of the Slovak Extraliga since 1997–98 season, when the squad was promoted from the Slovak 1.Liga.
HK Nik's Brih Riga was an ice hockey team in Riga, Latvia.
HC Slovan Ústečtí Lvi is an ice hockey team in the Czech First League.
They play in the Alps Hockey League and formerly the Serie A.
In the 2014 season, they were the runners-up to the NSW Arrows.
They play their games at Linx Ice Arena in Aberdeen.
The team colors are black and yellow.
Sorel set a CHL record of 620 goals scored as a team.
Nottingham Lions also won the inaugural English National Ice Hockey League Playoffs, held at Coventry Skydome in April 2009.
They were most recently the ECHL affiliate of the NHL's Philadelphia Flyers and the AHL's Adirondack Phantoms.
The ECHL Generals played at the Greensboro Coliseum from 1999–2004.
They play in Grand Rapids, Michigan at Van Andel Arena.
When the franchise rejoined the Kontinental Hockey League in its 2012–13 season it was decided to keep a minor team in the VHL structure.
The Canadians had a successful inaugural year in the league, winning 15 of 26 games played.
Club des Patineurs de Paris was an ice hockey team in Paris, France.
Their overall record was 21-11-0, finishing 2nd out of 5 teams.
They were also a part of the 2013-14 AHL Outdoor Classic as the opponent of the Rochester Americans alumni team in December 2013.
The Northeast is home to a large working class Irish American population, but is also home to Polish, German, Jewish, Italian, and Russian neighborhoods.
The club were members of the English Premier League between 2000 and 2003 before transferring to their current league.
The Troy Slapshots were a professional ice hockey team based in Troy, NY.
Following the 1948–49 season, the team was relocated to Cincinnati, Ohio as the Cincinnati Mohawks.
HK Binokor Tashkent was an ice hockey team in Tashkent, Uzbekistan.
Besançon Hockey Club was an ice hockey team in Besançon, France.
The Atlanta Capitals are a Tier III Junior A ice hockey team in the North American 3 Hockey League's South Division.
The Islanders were the principal minor league affiliate of the National Hockey League's New York Islanders during the 1990–91, 1991–92 and 1992–93 seasons.
Mount Hosmer appears on the team's current and past logo.
They changed the colors from Orange and Black to Gold and Blue with the name change.
They currently play in the First Division, the second level of Norwegian ice hockey.
The St. John's IceCaps were a professional ice hockey team based in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
They are members of the Eddie Mountain Division of the Kootenay Conference of the Kootenay International Junior Hockey League.
The team played in the Central Hockey League from 1992 until 2014, and then in the ECHL since the 2014–15 season.
OHL Newmarket Royals - moved from Cornwall, now Sarnia Sting
SønderjyskE is a professional ice hockey team playing in the top Danish ice hockey league Metal Ligaen.
The song has the tune of the Battle Hymn of the Republic; its English verses about the rivals of Queen's College alternate with the Gaelic chorus.
The Generals have won the Memorial Cup five times, as well as a record thirteen Ontario Hockey League Championships, the J. Ross Robertson Cup.
God of Carnage is a play by Yasmina Reza.
The Titans finished with the best record in the ECHL once in 2002, and qualified for the playoffs for eight out of their fourteen seasons.
They are members of the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League.
The Pembroke Lumber Kings are a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Pembroke, Ontario, Canada.
Their 28-game losing streak that season is also still a league record
Few players wore helmets in those days.
Mestský Hokejový Klub Žilina is a professional Slovak ice hockey club based in Žilina.
Thirty former Stingrays players have gone on to play in the National Hockey League with one winning the Stanley Cup with the Boston Bruins in 2011.
The Greensboro Monarchs were a professional ice hockey team based in Greensboro, North Carolina.
After the Bisons folded, the Sabres were granted an AHL franchise, who used it to establish the Cincinnati Swords in 1971.
Goaltender Billy Nicholson, formerly with Montreal Hockey Club, was appointed player-manager-captain.
The Omaha Ak-Sar-Ben Knights were a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League.
They are based in the Scottish capital, Edinburgh.
HK Generals Kyiv; is an Ukrainian ice hockey club from Kiev, which are members of the Ukrainian Hockey League.
They are members of the Island Junior Hockey League and are 2011 and 2013 Don Johnson Memorial Cup Atlantic Junior B champions.
Established in 1988, the team compete in the Hanover Tache Junior Hockey League.
The rights to the Toronto franchise was purchased by a group of investors with links to an amateur club called the "St. Patricks".
Initially they were a Boston Bruins farm team.
ESSM Energija Elektrenai is an ice hockey team in Elektrenai, Lithuania.
Based in Richfield, Minnesota, the Magicians play their home games at Richfield Ice Arena.
The Bloomington Blaze organization also included a junior hockey team with membership to the Midwest Junior Hockey League that began play in the 2012–13 season.
In 1995, the team then moved to Rimouski, Quebec, to become the Rimouski Océanic.
They play in the Capital Junior Hockey League.
HK Mogliev is an ice hockey team in Mogilev, Belarus.
The Jacksonville Rockets were a professional minor league ice hockey team based in Jacksonville, Florida.
They were a part of the Ontario Junior Hockey League in 2011 when they merged into the Cobourg Cougars.
The Collège Français headquarters are in Longueuil, Quebec, while the team plays at Colisée Jean Béliveau.
The Toronto Predators are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The first General Manager was Samantha Holmes, while the first head coach was Jason Schmidt.
The Niagara IceDogs are a major junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey League based in St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada.
The team ceased to exist in 2013 when their home rink closed and no other rink was found to take over the team.
The Heat plays its home games at Stockton Arena.
They currently compete in the Mestis league, the second top league in Finland after Sm-liiga.
They played at Arena Gardens in Toronto.
They played in the top-level of French ice hockey from 1971-1987, with the exception of 1975, when they played in the Nationale 1B.
The Kindersley Klippers are a junior "A" ice hockey team based in Kindersley, Saskatchewan, Canada.
They are part of the Levski Sofia sports club, and have played in the Bulgarian Hockey League since 1953.
Neftyanik Almetyevsk is an ice hockey team in Almetyevsk, Russia.
The club has been playing under the name Ciarko PBS Bank STS Sanok since 2015.
The Great Falls Americans were a junior ice hockey team in the Western Hockey League who played in the 1979–80 WHL season.
The team is based in Estevan, Saskatchewan, and plays at Affinity Place.
They played their home games at McNichols Arena.
They are currently members of the EIHA Moralee Conference, and have previously played in the British National League and the English League Premier Division.
Their greatest success came when they won back to back Stanley Cups at the turn of the century in 1899 and 1900.
The Syracuse Crunch are a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League.
The team was a founding member of the West Coast Hockey League.
Originally named Iron Range Ironheads, the Iron Rangers play in the Canadian-based Superior International Junior Hockey League.
The AHL Lions were resurrected in 1947.
The franchise was renamed the Twin Cities Vulcans for the start of the 1995 season.
Prior to the 2013–14 season they played in the 2nd Bundesliga.
The team plays teams assembled by various local organizations around Western New York primarily as charity fundraisers.
The Daemyung Sangmu was a professional ice hockey team based in Seoul, South Korea.
The Kentucky Thoroughblades were a minor professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League, who existed from 1996 to 2001.
Viking IK was an ice hockey team in Stavanger, Norway.
They are members of the North Division of the Heritage Junior B Hockey League.
The team was part of the Southern Hockey League, which folded in 1977, just 4 years after its creation in 1973.
Bob MacMillan won the Lady Byng Memorial Trophy as the most gentlemanly player in 1978–79.
Three alumni of the Toronto Lions graduated to play in the National Hockey League: Drillon, Charlie Phillips, and Lefty Wilson.
The Kings moved from the Coca-Cola Centre to the Crosslink Sports Centre in January 2014, which has a capacity of 600.
As of the 2013–14 season, the club plays in Division 1, the third tier of ice hockey in Sweden.
The Prince George Spruce Kings are a junior "A" ice hockey team based in Prince George, British Columbia, Canada.
In 1988, the Express played in the Calder Cup Finals, where they lost to the Hershey Bears.
Prior to the 2013–14 season they played in the 2nd Bundesliga.
They folded in 2004 due to financial difficulties.
Pat Quinn was also a part-owner until his death in 2014.
The hockey governing body in the UK, the EIHA, informed the club that they would be playing in Division 1 for the 2008/2009 season.
Future Oscar winner Gareth Unwin, who produced The King's Speech, once played for the team.
The team currently plays out of the Ice Arena Wales in Cardiff Bay.
All teams play in the same strip.
Sutton Sting are an English ice hockey team that play in the English National Ice Hockey League, north division.
They play in the National Capital Junior Hockey League.
The club was founded in 1996 after the financial kollaps of the Club ERC Dortmund 1990.
The first Barrie Colts played in the senior division of the OHA from 1907 until 1910, prior to the creation of junior A and B levels.
The New Jersey Revolution were members of the American Indoor Football Association who began play in 2010 and ceased operations after completing their first season.
The Brûleurs de loups are a professional ice hockey team that resides in Grenoble, France.
They are a part of the Quebec Junior Hockey League.
In 1992 the club was promoted to the second level league.
The Colorado Flames are a defunct minor-pro hockey team that played in the Central Hockey League in Denver, Colorado for two seasons from 1982 to 1984.
Senators are a junior-age men's ice hockey team from Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
They were members of the British Columbia Junior Hockey League.
The team was one of the founding members of the DEL.
They played their home games at Quesnel Twin Arena.
Based in Rapid City, South Dakota, the Rush play their home games at the Rushmore Plaza Civic Center.
The Teotihuacan Priests are a semi-professional ice hockey team in Mexico City, Mexico.
The Buffalo Jr. Sabres are a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Buffalo, New York.
Dakota College play roughly a 30-game season schedule against NJCAA opponents, and various ACHA, NCAA Division III teams, college JV teams, and Jr. A teams.
The team plays its home games in the Leangen Ishall.
The Kingsville Kings are a junior ice hockey team based in Kingsville, Ontario, Canada.
Until the 2014–15 season, the Danbury Whalers were an affiliate of the Evansville IceMen of the ECHL.
The 1973–74 QMJHL season sparked an offensive explosion, unmatched in Canadian Hockey League history.
The team played all of its games at the Duquesne Gardens, and was involved, in the first known trade of professional hockey players.
The Bracebridge Blues were a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based in Bracebridge, Ontario, Canada.
The High River Flyers are a Junior "B" Ice Hockey team based in High River, Alberta, Canada.
Under McLaughlin, a "hands-on" owner who fired many coaches during his ownership, the club won two Stanley Cup titles.
While the Rockets drew high attendance numbers when they played the Seattle Thunderbirds, they did not draw as well with other teams.
The Rad'z were a founding member of the RHI.
Dick Roberge coached Johnstown to the Lockhart Cup championship 1974–75, defeating the Broome Dusters.
The team relocated to Bergen after two seasons.
Previously another Rockets team existed for the 1941–42 AHL season, formerly known as the Philadelphia Ramblers.
Off the ice, the Flames own a Western Hockey League franchise, a National Lacrosse League franchise and a CFL franchise.
The team played their home games at the New Haven Coliseum which replaced the New Haven Arena.
The team has twice advanced to the Stanley Cup Finals, losing to the Philadelphia Flyers in 1975 and to the Dallas Stars in 1999.
During the war years from 1942 until 1944, it operated as the Ottawa Commandos.
The team is owned by Tom Garrity, Tom Sagissor and Ryan Suter.
The Summit Center, now Hardee's Iceplex, is also the former home of the NAHL's St. Louis Bandits.
After the first home game, Pat Hickey left the franchise.
The Waterloo Colts was a professional ice hockey team from Waterloo, Ontario in Canada.
The franchise's last game as the Wildcatters was a 1–4 loss to the Columbia Inferno on April 25, 2008, at Ford Arena.
The team was part of the All American Hockey League and began playing in the 2008-2009 AAHL season.
until the 2016-17 season when the league became part of the Provincial Junior Hockey Leagueas the Pollock Division.
In 2001, the Star Bulls Rosenheim sold their DEL licence to the Iserlohn Roosters.
The Moose would also cease operations in February 2011.
Utah Rollerbees - The team played in the Salt Palace II in Salt Lake City.
The Saint-Hyacinthe Lauréats are a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec, Canada.
The team played in the Nova Scotia Junior C Hockey League.
The team plays home games at the Alpha Ice Complex in Pittsburgh.
The Arizona Hawks are an Amateur Athletic Union-sanctioned Tier II junior ice hockey team based out of Peoria, Arizona.
The Oilers play their home matches in DNB Arena.
The team's overall regular season record was 255–402–127.
Njurunda SK is an ice hockey team in Njurunda, Sweden.
On March 25, 2006, against the Trenton Titans, the Royals reached their one millionth fan in attendance.
The Wichita Wind were a minor league ice hockey team based in Wichita, Kansas from 1980 to 1983.
Despite being from Ilidža, the club plays its games at Olympic Hall Zetra, in Sarajevo.
KTH Krynica is an ice hockey team in Krynica-Zdroj, Poland, and currently playing in the Slovak women's ice hockey league.
The Fayetteville Marksmen are a professional minor league ice hockey team based in Fayetteville, North Carolina.
The club played in the IIHF European Champions Cup in 1993, 1994, 1995 and 1997 reaching first round.
Indianapolis won the Adams Cup as the CHL champions twice, in 1982 and 1983.
After the season, the owners asked the NHL for a second time for permission to suspend operations.
The Bruins were one of the original five teams to enter the newly formed CPHL.
The Éperviers originated in the Quebec Junior Hockey League, and were the league's champion in 1969.
The club was founded in 1937 as ŠK Piešťany.
In July 2017 it was announced that the club had been renamed to Trois-Rivières Draveurs following a change in ownership.
Frölunda Hockey Club, also known as the Frölunda Indians, is a Swedish professional ice hockey club based in Gothenburg.
EV Füssen, sometimes also called the Füssen Leopards, is an ice hockey team from Germany.
The Calgary Centennials were a junior ice hockey team that played in the Western Canada Hockey League from 1966–1977.
The Binghamton Senators were a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League.
The Laredo Bucks were an ice hockey team in the Central Hockey League.
They play their home games at the Nicola Valley Memorial Arena.
The Durham Huskies were an ice hockey franchise based in the town of Durham, Ontario, Canada.
The Blue Jackets' name and logos are inspired by Ohio's Civil War history.
They played in the Ontario Provincial Junior A Hockey League and the Central Junior B Hockey League.
They play in Drumheller, Alberta, Canada at the Drumheller Memorial Arena, capacity 2000.
The team last played in the 2012–13 season in the Allan Cup Hockey league.
The Mudbugs maintained heated rivalries with the Texas Brahmas, Laredo Bucks, Mississippi RiverKings, and Colorado Eagles.
The club captured their second AL title after the league cancelled the championship final due to the earthquake in Japan.
Their home arena is Ivan Hlinka Stadion in Litvínov.
The Jamestown Jets were an American junior ice hockey team based in Jamestown, New York.
Hokejski Klub Kranjska Gora, commonly referred to as HK Kranjska Gora or simply Kranjska Gora, was an ice hockey team from Kranjska Gora, Slovenia.
The Gold Kings were members of the West Coast Hockey League.
The Syracuse Blazers moved to the newly formed North American Hockey League, and were league champions in 1973–74 and 1976–77.
The Winnipeg Monarchs were a junior ice hockey team that played in the Western Canada Hockey League from 1967 to 1977 under three names.
The senior team was formerly known as the Ottawa Capital Canucks and the Ottawa Raiders.
Kovlands Ishockeyförening is a Swedish ice hockey club founded in 2000 when the ice hockey section of Kovlands IF split off to form an independent club.
Manglerud Star was founded in 1967 and was promoted to the top division in 1973.
Hokejski Klub Triglav Kranj, commonly referred to as HK Triglav or simply Triglav, is an ice hockey club from Kranj, Slovenia.
The Dixie Beehives were a Canadian Junior "A" ice hockey team from Etobicoke, Ontario.
The Haugesund Seagulls are an ice hockey team in Haugesund, Norway.
They won the Ligue Magnus in 2005, and folded after the season.
They play in the Central Canada Hockey League Tier 2.
The team was based out of the Verdun Auditorium, in Verdun, Quebec.
The club operates three teams that compete in the English Ice Hockey Association women's leagues:
The team is currently playing in the third highest league in Sweden, Hockeyettan.
This was the first major professional sports championship a Denver-based team would bring to the city.
The Belfast Giants are an ice hockey team from Belfast, Northern Ireland that compete in the Elite Ice Hockey League.
They played their home games at the South Okanagan Events Centre.
They have won six division titles, one conference championship, and one Presidents' Trophy.
The Rochester Americans are a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League; the team is an owned-and operated affiliate of the Buffalo Sabres.
The Harrington College Icebergs are an independent Junior A ice hockey team for players ages 15–20.
Drumheller would not get a second chance in the AJHL until 2003, when the Drumheller Dragons were founded as an expansion team.
The Falcons joined the AJHL 1971 as the league's seventh team after acquiring the assets of the Ponoka Stampeders franchise that ceased operations a year previous.
The last ice hockey season the club played in the top tier was the 1971–72 Division 1 season.
The Americans are the fourth-oldest franchise in the AHL, and have the second-longest continuous tenure among AHL teams in their current locations after the Hershey Bears.
The St. James Canadians were a Canadian junior hockey team in the Manitoba Junior Hockey League until 2003, folding officially in 2004.
During 2013-2016, team's name was Ariada Volzhsk.
The Oilers played their home games at the Tulsa Convention Center until 2008 when they moved into the new BOK Center.
The club captured the 2014 Clarkson Cup championship.
The Springfield Indians were a minor professional ice hockey franchise, originally based in West Springfield, Massachusetts and later Springfield, Massachusetts.
The Blazers won the NAHL championship again in 1976–77, sweeping the Maine Nordiques in the finals.
The Thunder play their home games at the Cool Insuring Arena.
They began play in mid-November 2009 and ceased operations in late-December 2009.
The Spryfield Attack are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team from Spryfield, Nova Scotia.
HC Škoda Plzeň is a professional Czech ice hockey team based in Plzeň, Czech Republic.
The Peoria Rivermen was a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League.
The Canadians are in the Martin Division.
The club is affiliated with a KHL team Traktor Chelyabinsk.
The Oilers played 20 seasons in the Central Hockey League, from 1964 to 1984, capturing the Adams Cup three times.
Brother Dan Wilhelm was also heavily involved with the Monsters.
Sportivi Ghiaccio Cortina is an ice hockey team from Italy.
It was Germany's most successful hockey club for a long time and had many international players.
The Winnipeg Blues are a Manitoba Junior Hockey League team based in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
They were a part of the Superior International Junior Hockey League.
They operate U10's,U12's,U14's, U16's, U18's and ENL teams, all of which are called the Red Wings.
HK Metallurg Pernik was an ice hockey team in Pernik, Bulgaria.
Their home games were played at the Blades Multiplex Arena.
The 19U Elite team played in the former Tier III Junior B level Metropolitan Junior Hockey League until 2016.
They were a farm team of the National Hockey League's Winnipeg Jets.
They play in the Slovak 1.Liga, the second level of Slovak ice hockey.
They played their games at Jacksonville Coliseum and Skate World, now known as Jacksonville Ice & Sportsplex.
The SA Suns  are a women's field hockey team based in South Australia that competes in the Australian Hockey League.
BIK Karlskoga is an ice hockey club from Karlskoga in Sweden.
The team won the TBHSL championship in the 1997–98 season.
In 2005, the club achieved its biggest success, by winning the league playoff title.
The Norfolk Admirals were a professional ice hockey team that played in the American Hockey League.
Coached by Gene Ubriaco, the South Stars would lose in the Adams Cup Championship to the Indianapolis Checkers.
Gävle Godtemplares IK is a Swedish sports club, most known for the success the ice hockey team had during the 1950s.
The Toronto Aeros were a professional women's ice hockey team that played in Toronto, Ontario.
By 1973, this name was so commonly used that it was chosen as the actual club name.
Their top team most recently played in the USPHL in the Premier Division while also fielding a team in the Elite Division.
For defunct IHL franchise, see: Grand Rapids Owls.
More impressive, however, was the teams' performance off the ice.
The Beast of New Haven were an ice hockey team in the American Hockey League in the 1997–98 and 1998–99 seasons.
Local players, Bobby Chalmers, James Clarke, and O'Niell from the Pirates were selected to play for the GB junior team.
The second club with the original name EV Landsbeg 2000 was founded in 2000, when the first EV Landsberg collapsed.
The New Jersey Devils are a professional ice hockey team based in Newark, New Jersey.
They were founded in 1991, and currently play in the FFHG Division 1, the top level of ice hockey in France.
The team plays its home games at the Toyota Center.
EC Peiting is an ice hockey team in Peiting, Germany.
The present team play in the Scottish National League, and have won the competition once.
In 2012 the team were dissolved and replaced by a reformed Deeside Dragons.
In their history, the Glens have won the D. Arnold Carson Memorial Trophy twice as district Junior "B" champions.
The Cincinnati Swords are a defunct American Hockey League team that played at the Cincinnati Gardens in Cincinnati, Ohio from 1971 to 1974.
The team, originally named the Brampton Inferno, played their 2015 season in Paris, Ontario.
The club is currently playing in the second-tier league HockeyAllsvenskan as of the 2014–15 season, but has played 15 seasons in the top Swedish league Elitserien.
The Blaze were coached by Steve Pronger, a former assistant coach for the Flint Generals.
The AHL would not return to Atlantic Canada until 2011 with the St. John's IceCaps.
The OCN Storm are a Canadian Junior B ice hockey team based in Opaskwayak Cree Nation, Manitoba.
The Kingston Frontenacs are a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey League, based in Kingston, Ontario, Canada.
They play in Drayton Valley, Alberta, Canada at the Drayton Valley Omni-Plex, capacity 1450.
The team competes in the Southern Professional Hockey League.
They play in the South Division of the ECHL's Eastern Conference.
The St. Louis Bandits were a Tier II Junior A ice hockey team in the North American Hockey League.
The Sioux Lookout Flyers were a Canadian junior ice hockey team from Sioux Lookout, Ontario, Canada.
The team's colours were maroon and white, similar to the Montreal Maroons.
Eventually, Invicta succumbed to the combined effects of having a short-bench compared to other teams in the league and injuries, finishing 3rd in the league.
They compete in the Midwestern division of the Greater Ontario Junior Hockey League.
They played in the South East Hockey League for the 2003–04 season.
The Maine Nordiques were a professional ice hockey team that operated within the North American Hockey League from 1973 to 1977.
Kuban Krasnodar is an ice hockey team in Krasnodar, Russia.
Not to be confused with the Asiago Vipers.
The Wild is the second AHL team to call Des Moines home.
In the 2002/2003 season Havířov lost the relegation play-off against HC Kladno and was relegated to the First National Hockey League.
They play their home games in Linz, Austria at the Keine Sorgen Eisarena Linz.
They are currently playing in the Minor Hockey League Division B.
The Flyers have had rivalries with several teams over the years.
The Spirits were once an affiliate of the New York Rangers.
The Winchester Hawks are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based out of Winchester, Ontario.
The Empire State Cobras were a professional roller hockey team based in Glens Falls, New York, United States that played in Roller Hockey International.
They played in the Western Ontario Athletic Association Senior Hockey League.
The Georgetown Raiders were an ice hockey team from Georgetown, Ontario, Canada.
The Virginia Lancers were a minor league hockey team that played in several leagues from 1983 until 1990.
The Walkerton Capitals were a senior hockey team based out of Walkerton, Ontario, Canada.
Their mascot was a polar bear named Vipe-bear.
During the 2009-10 season, the club participated in Division C of the Ukrainian Hockey League.
They are members of the North Division of the Heritage Junior B Hockey League.
The Trenton Warriors was a U.S. ice hockey team.
Roller hockey playing style mashed with his former playing style.
They are members of the second highest league in Finland, Mestis.
The Blast played at the Von Braun Center in Huntsville, Alabama, for the 1993–94 ECHL season.
The Copper City Chiefs were a low-level professional ice hockey team located in Rome, New York.
The Thunder Bay Fighting Walleye are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based in Thunder Bay, Ontario.
The Carolina Monarchs were a short-lived ice hockey team in the American Hockey League.
After the re-design of the ENIHL after the 2007/08 season, the Freeze played in the North 2 conference.
The Mildmay Monarchs were a senior hockey team based out of Mildmay, Ontario, Canada.
The team has played in the National Women's Hockey League and after in the Canadian Women's Hockey League.
The Oilers ultimately did not play any home games in Calgary however, and reverted to the name "Edmonton Oilers" after one season.
The Steelers joined the league in 1967 as an original WCJHL team.
The Halifax Mooseheads are a Canadian major junior ice hockey club in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League based out of Halifax, Nova Scotia.
The New York Bobcats are an USA Hockey-sanctioned Tier III junior ice hockey organization from Dix Hills, New York, at the Dix Hills Ice Arena.
The team logo was designed by Johnny Hart, artist of the comic strip "B.C."
The team only existed for the final 1909 season of the Federal Hockey League.
The Rangers are one of three NHL franchises in the New York metropolitan area, along with the New Jersey Devils and New York Islanders.
In 1981 the team moved to the Tier II Junior A Northern Ontario Junior Hockey League.
From the 2010–11 to the 2012–13 season the Jr. Wolfpack changed their moniker from Hartford to Connecticut.
The Ridge Meadows Flames are a junior "B" ice hockey team based in Maple Ridge, British Columbia, Canada.
They play their home games at Nor-Val Centre.
Jay Banach paced the team with 191 penalty minutes.
Historically, the Mallards enjoyed spirited rivalries with the Flint Generals, Muskegon Fury and Rockford IceHogs.
The success continued through the following seasons; the Stars sold out every home game until early 2002.
With the help of Gary Stefan who had previously been with Streatham Redskins the Slough Jets were formed.
The Swift Current Broncos are a junior ice hockey team in the Western Hockey League.
Hokejový Klub Dukla Trenčín is a professional Slovak ice hockey club based in Trenčín, playing in the Slovak Extraliga.
The Pittsburgh Cougars are a currently dormant junior ice hockey team.
The Brampton Bombers are a Canadian Junior ice hockey club based in Brampton, Ontario.
The Flames played at the I wireless Center in Moline, Illinois.
First it consisted football and bandy sections, but since the 1960s ice hockey has been the main sport.
They competed in the OHA Senior A and Intermediate A ranks in the 1970s and 1980s.
Its 184 graduates to the National Hockey League are second in the OHL.
Le Multiconcessionnaire de Saint-Félicien-Dolbeau-Mistassini were a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Saint-Félicien, Quebec, Canada.
IK Oskarshamn is an ice hockey club from Oskarshamn in Sweden.
The Wightlink Raiders was an ice hockey team based in Ryde on the Isle of Wight, England.
They were a member of the North American Hockey League from 1973 to 1977.
They played in the Bayfront Center, and were members of the Southern Hockey League in the 1973-74 season.
They played in the Thunder Bay Junior B Hockey League and were eligible to compete for the Keystone Cup, Junior B Championship of Western Canada.
The 1949 Brandon Wheat Kings were inducted into the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame in the team category.
HK Ajkule Ilidža 2010 is an ice hockey team in Ilidža, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Norfolk Admirals are a professional ice hockey team in the ECHL which began play in the 2015–16 season.
They began play in the Southern Professional Hockey League in the 2005–06 season.
The Lloydminster Bobcats are a Canadian ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League.
They were created by the relocation of the Fredericton Express and filled a void left by the relocation of the Nova Scotia Oilers to Cape Breton.
The team competed in the Ice Hockey Superleague and the club's main sponsor was Barr Construction.
The Voyageurs played their first two seasons, as the Montreal Voyageurs and were the affiliate of the National Hockey League's Montreal Canadiens.
They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League.
Prior to moving to Roanoke the franchise was based in Salem, Virginia where they played as the Salem Rebels.
They were founded in 2010, and played in the Kazakhstan Hockey Championship until they declared bankruptcy in 2015.
Originally called the Pee Dee Cyclones, the Twin City Cyclones were a minor league ice hockey team based in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
They played in Portland, Maine, at the Cumberland County Civic Center.
They play their home games at the Knoxville Civic Auditorium and Coliseum in Knoxville, Tennessee.
Their five wins that season is also a WHL record for futility in a 72-game season.
The Chevaliers survived the round-robin to start the post-season, then faced the Laval Titan in the division finals.
Jamie Fiset serves as the team's General Manager and Governor.
The North Okanagan Knights are a Junior "B" Ice Hockey team based in Armstrong, British Columbia, Canada.
Slezan Opava played in the top-level league also two seasons in 1957 and 1960.
The Tacoma Dome was not well-suited for hockey as the risers for the seats were too shallow, making the sightlines bad for hockey.
Founded in 2009, they compete in the Eastern Conference of the Minor Hockey League - the top tier of Russian junior hockey.
Senator Huey P. Long who shared the nickname.
The Gananoque Islanders are a Canadian Junior "C" ice hockey team based out of Gananoque, Ontario.
The Sydney Heat are in the East Coast Super League.
The Drayton Icemen were a senior hockey team based out of Drayton, Ontario, Canada.
They are members of the North West Junior Hockey League and play their home games at Beaverlodge Arena.
They play their home games in the Eisarena Salzburg and are members of the Dameneishockey Bundesliga.
The team competed in purely amateur leagues until 1906.
The Calgary Wranglers were a junior ice hockey team that played in the Western Hockey League from 1977 until 1987.
The 2006–07 season marked the Bruins' inaugural season in the WHL.
The Ice Bears have made the playoffs in all 14 years of their existence.
The Medicine Hat Cubs are a Canadian Junior B ice hockey team located in Medicine Hat, Alberta.
Plattsburgh played their first five home games at Ronald B. Stafford Ice Arena and their last few at Crete Civic Center.
The Wheeling Nailers are an ECHL ice hockey team based in Wheeling, West Virginia.
The Brantford Motts Clamatos were a Canadian senior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey Association's Senior A Hockey League, from Brantford, Ontario.
The club was founded in 1986, as the Swindon Wildcats, shortly after the opening of the Link Centre.
The team was a part of the now-defunct Roller Hockey International League.
Their arrival rekindled a decades long rivalry between Phoenix and San Diego based teams in several minor leagues.
The Philadelphia Rockets were a minor professional ice hockey team based in the Philadelphia Arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The team plays out of David S. Palmer Arena in Danville, Illinois
EHC Freiburg is a professional ice hockey team based in Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany.
Their development team was the Romford Spitfires who played in Division 2 of the NIHL before being succeeded in 2009/10 by the Romford Fury.
This article is about the hockey team, for the Storm that hit Pilot Butte in 1995, see the article Pilot Butte Storm of 1995.
These "Skipjacks" returned Baltimore to AHL competition from 1982 until 1993.
The Hitmen added a 14U minor team that competes in the Metro Elite League and a 14U majors team that competes in the USPHL futures division.
The NHL took over ownership of the Phoenix Coyotes franchise in 2009 after owner Jerry Moyes turned it over to the league after declaring bankruptcy.
Based in Utica, New York, the team played its home games at the Utica Memorial Auditorium.
The Royals were members of the Memorial Cup-eligible Thunder Bay Junior A Hockey League.
As of November 2010 the MLRH website is no longer showing the Boston Storm as a team.
Previously it was affiliated with Yugra Khanty-Mansiysk and Barys Astana.
They won five PLH titles in six years from 1980–1985, and one Polish 1.
They played in the Ontario Hockey Association's Allan Cup Hockey League.
The Winnipeg Warriors were a junior ice hockey team that played in the Western Hockey League.
The club folded after two unsuccessful years as a Tier II Jr. 'A' team.
Nicknamed the B-Sens, they played in Binghamton, New York, at the Floyd L. Maines Veterans Memorial Arena.
Founded in 2001, the Capitals play their home games in Vienna, Austria, at Albert Schultz Eishalle.
The Ice Hawks play their home games at Ladner Leisure Centre.
The team played in Huntington, West Virginia and were known as the Huntington Blizzard from 1993–2000 in the Huntington Civic Center.
They are a part of the Northern Ontario Junior Hockey League.
The Rio Grande Valley Killer Bees were a minor league professional ice hockey team that played in the Central Hockey League.
EHC Biel is a professional ice hockey club based in the bilingual city of Biel/Bienne, Switzerland and plays in the National League.
After the transfer of the name and logo to the AHL franchise was complete, the UHL IceHogs then ceased operations.
The team played home games at the Kingston Memorial Centre in Kingston, Ontario, Canada.
The North York Rangers are a Junior "A" ice hockey team from North York, Ontario, Canada.
The Albany River Rats were a minor league professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League.
They participated in the Romanian Hockey League, the top level of ice hockey in Romania.
Gladsaxe SF is an ice hockey team in Gladsaxe, Denmark.
The Calgary Oval X-Treme were a professional women's ice hockey team in the Western Women's Hockey League.
Stratford were the Ontario Hockey Association champions in three successive seasons from 1906-07 to 1908-09.
The team plays its home games at the Perth Ice Arena, located in the suburb of Malaga.
The team has played in the Canadian Women's Hockey League since its inaugural 2007-08 season.
As of the 2013–14 season, the team competes in the "Norra" group of Division 1, the third tier of ice hockey in Sweden.
The Everett Silvertips are an American major junior ice hockey team currently members of the U.S. Division in the Western Conference of the Western Hockey League.
The team plays home games at the Brewster Ice Arena.
They were members of Major League Roller Hockey.
During the summer of that year, they moved to become the Halifax Citadels.
Since the women's competition was included into the AHL in 1993, the Victorian Vipers have experienced varying levels of success including winning two national championships.
The Hawks play in the Central Canada Hockey League Tier 2.
This version of the Rangers won two Turnbull Cups.
KooKoo is a Finnish ice hockey team playing in the first level of Finnish ice hockey Liiga.
Affiliated with the National Hockey League's San Jose Sharks and located in Worcester, Massachusetts, the Sharks played their home games at the DCU Center.
Almtuna IS is a Swedish ice hockey club based in Uppsala and is currently playing in HockeyAllsvenskan, the second highest league of ice hockey in Sweden.
Bayne Ryshak, and former Flames player, is the head coach.
Wiener EV is a former ice hockey team that was located in Vienna, Austria.
The club continued as an amateur team through various leagues, eventually becoming professional in 1908.
Björklöven was eventually promoted back to HockeyAllsvenskan in the 2012–13 season.
The team competed in the Polska Liga Hokejowa, the top-level hockey league in Poland.
IF Sundsvall Hockey is a Swedish ice hockey club based in Sundsvall.
The full name of the club is Kajaanin Hokki.
Väsby IK is a Swedish sports club based in the Stockholm suburb of Upplands Väsby, with an athletics department, a football department and a hockey department.
The Wolves entered the VIJHL in 2012, replacing a former franchise, the Westshore Stingers.
SC Lyon was an ice hockey team in Lyon, France.
The Montreal Jofa Titan was a professional women's ice hockey team in the National Women's Hockey League.
Kumla HC "Black Bulls", often referred to as Kumla Hockey, is a Kumla, Sweden-based ice hockey club.
The team plays in the North American 3 Hockey League's Central Division.
The Wooster Oilers are a USA Hockey Tier III junior ice hockey team which plays in the North American 3 Hockey League.
The club folded 31 games into the 72-game season.
This team has no connection with the similarly named OHL team that would later exist in Cornwall.
In 1968 SaPKo worked its way to the final of Finnish Cup, but lost the final to KooVee 10-2.
The Austin Ice Bats was a professional minor-league ice hockey team based in Austin, Texas, United States.
Their home arena was Ishuset in Tumba, just outside Botkyrka in the Stockholm suburbs.
The team was owned by Genex Communications, who also owns the CHOI-FM radio station, which also calls itself RadioX.
Their home ice is the Hala Lodowa MOSiR which can holds 3,500 people.
The team previously played some home games at Idaho Ice World and CenturyLink Arena in Boise, the latter being the home of the ECHL Idaho Steelheads.
The team announced their relocation to become the Montreal Junior Hockey Club on March 10, 2008.
The team was based in Hamilton, Ontario, playing home games at the Barton Street Arena, also known as the Hamilton Forum.
The Comets won the EHL playoffs in 1958–59, 1963–64, 1967–68, 1968–69 and 1969–70.
Calgary later joined the WHA in 1975 when the Vancouver Blazers relocated to become the Calgary Cowboys.
The Brantford Alexanders were a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Major Junior Hockey League and Ontario Hockey League from 1978 to 1984.
The Chicago Steel are members of the United States Hockey League, joining the league in 2000.
The İstanbul Paten Kulübü is an ice hockey sports club established 1987 in Istanbul, Turkey.
The Revs ticket price is $10 a game.
The Orangeville Flyers are a Junior 'A' ice hockey team based in Orangeville, Ontario, Canada.
Subsequently, the team was renamed the Cleveland Barons for the 1937–38 season, a name they kept until 1973.
The team plays in the Polska Hokej Liga, the top level league in Poland.
The Smiths Falls Bears are a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Smiths Falls, Ontario, Canada.
The Estevan Bruins are a junior ice hockey team playing in the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League.
The team played in the Mountain Division of the Western States Hockey League.
In their first two seasons in the ECHL, Allen advanced to the Kelly Cup finals, winning the championship in both years.
The Walleye were founded in 1991 as the Toledo Storm and play their home games at the Huntington Center, which opened in 2009.
Other notable first round draft picks include Cam Ward, Dion Phaneuf, Mathew Dumba and Jesse Wallin.
The team was based in Victoria, British Columbia.
The team is a member of the Western States Hockey League in the Western Division for the current season.
The San Francisco Spiders were a professional ice hockey team based in Daly City, California.
HK Lietajuce kone Presov is an ice hockey team in Presov, Slovakia.
As of 2017, the Steelheads are the westernmost ECHL team.
In 2007–08 they captured the South A Conference title, which was then followed by a victory in the Southern Conference Play-offs.
They play in the Liiga at the Hakametsä.
The Morinville Jets are a Canadian Junior B ice hockey team located in Morinville, Alberta.
Prior to the Goaldiggers, Toledo had two minor league franchises: The Mercurys and Blades/Hornets.
The Brewster Bulldogs were a minor league professional ice hockey team in the Federal Hockey League playing in Brewster, New York.
In 2007 the Ice Bees were formed.
They played out of the Eastern Ontario Junior Hockey League until the league was re-branded the Central Canada Hockey League Tier 2 2015.
The Delaware Federals were a professional ice hockey team that played in the Federal Hockey League.
This article is about the defunct, original Muskegon Lumberjack franchise from 1984 to 1992.
However, they only brought in an average of 2368 fans per game, fourth fewest in the league.
In the fall of 1993, the franchise moved to Dallas, Texas, and is now known as the Dallas Stars.
They were the successors of the Pittsburgh Pirates.
The team folded after the 1951–52 season due to financial woes.
The St. Catharines Teepees were a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey Association from 1947 to 1962.
The team now plays in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga; the home venue is the ISS Dome.
The RiverBlades played their home opener on October 28, 1999, after moving the date due to construction delays at ALLTEL Arena.
The teams play out of the Ankara Ice Palace.
In 2003, the team won the Kelly Cup, beating the Columbia Inferno in the finals.
They play in the Lakehead Junior Hockey League of Hockey Northwestern Ontario.
The club was founded as Sportovní Klub Prostějov in 1913.
The club is a part of the Red Star sports association.
The Brantford Eagles were a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Brantford, Ontario, Canada.
They play in the Greater Metro Junior A Hockey League.
The Avalanche have won nine division titles and qualified for the playoffs in each of their first ten seasons in Denver; this streak ended in 2007.
The Trenton Golden Hawks are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team from Trenton, Ontario.
Internationally Brunflo is probably the best known as being the team in which the legendary Soviet and Russian forward Vladimir Krutov ended his career in 1996.
They play their games at Fife Ice Arena in Kirkcaldy.
They also had a team in the Tier III Metropolitan Junior Hockey League until 2016.
They have appeared in the President's Cup Finals three times, winning in 2013.
Liga, the second level of ice hockey in Poland.
The New York Rangers are a professional ice hockey team based in New York City.
The Rangers are a publicly owned hockey team, governed by a 39-person Board of Directors made up entirely of season ticket subscribers.
The club consists of nine layers: Senior, Junior, U17, U15, U13, U11, U9, U8, U7 and hockeyskole.
The franchise is today the Cape Breton Screaming Eagles.
The team plays at Wells Fargo Arena in Des Moines, Iowa, as the AHL affiliate of the NHL's Minnesota Wild.
He is the successor of Pentti Matikainen, who coached Team Finland to its first hockey Olympic medal in Calgary 1988.
They were promoted from Division 2 in 2012 to fill the vacancy left in Division 1F due to the promotion of Karlskrona HK to HockeyAllsvenskan.
Zauralie Kurgan is an ice hockey team in Kurgan, Kurgan Oblast, Russia.
The team is affiliated with Harrington College of Canada.
The Hamilton Red Wings were a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey Association from 1960 to 1974.
Home games were played at the Halifax Metro Centre, located at the base of Citadel Hill.
The Stars continued their domination through the playoffs, losing just two playoff games en route to winning the Clark Cup.
They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League.
The team plays its home games at the Ice Arena, located in the suburb of Thebarton.
For the 2002-03 season, the franchise was moved to Saguenay, and became the Saguenay Paramedic.
The Verdun Junior Canadiens were a junior ice hockey team in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League from 1984 to 1989.
The current team owner is Eugene Melnyk, and in 2016, the franchise was valued by Forbes magazine at US$355 million.
The Aurora Tigers are a Canadian ice hockey team from Aurora, Ontario.
They replaced the Memphis Wings in the city.
TKK Tallinn is an Estonian ice hockey team playing in the Meistriliiga.
The team plays their home games at the 1,200-seat Fogerty Arena located in Blaine, Minnesota.
They played in the Greater Metro Junior 'A' Hockey League.
The home arena, the 11,200 seat Hallenstadion, is in the Zürich district of Oerlikon.
The Sicamous Eagles are a Junior "B" Ice Hockey team based in Sicamous, British Columbia, Canada.
Oulun Kärpät is a Finnish professional ice hockey team based in Oulu and playing in the top-tier Finnish Liiga.
The Nottingham Lions are an ice hockey team from Nottingham, England that compete in the English National League's northern section.
In May 1999, the team selected the slogan "Greatest Game on Ice".
The team, coached by Ömer Arasan, play their home matches at Ankara Ice Palace.
Their home rink is Masku Arena, which currently has a seating capacity of only 900 people.
The New York Islanders of the National Hockey League, who began play in 1972-73, had originally been widely expected to adopt the Long Island Ducks name.
In October 1998, a contest was held to establish a new name and "RiverBlades" was chosen.
The town is the smallest in population to have ever won the Cup.
Despite the fact that former professional players were on the team, the club remained strictly amateur.
They play in the Ontario Hockey Association's Major League Hockey.
In 1932 and 1935, this team won the George Richardson Memorial Trophy as Eastern Canada's Junior "A" champions.
DiscoverEstevan.com covers the team on a daily basis.
They were a relocation of the California Golden Seals franchise, which had played in Oakland since 1967.
The final game in franchise history was played April 24, 1999.
The Newmarket Hurricanes are a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Newmarket, Ontario.
Following the 1967 win, the Hornets were closed for good, victims of NHL expansion.
The franchise, previously owned by the Chynoweth family since 1995, transferred ownership on April 27, 2017 to Winnipeg entrepreneur Greg Fettes and hockey executive Matt Cockell.
The Montreal Juniors were a junior ice hockey team in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League from 1975 to 1982.
The Utica Comets are a professional ice hockey team based in Utica, New York.
Since 2000, their home has been the Landers Center in Southaven, Mississippi, a suburb of Memphis.
After the collapse of the Korean Ice Hockey League in 2003 they were the only team to survive.
They play in the Pervaya Liga, the third level of Russian ice hockey.
This article is about the Muskegon Lumberjack franchise from 1992 to 2010.
Throughout their history the Sabercats were the only professional ice hockey team in Washington state.
Two years later, Tumba/Botkyrka was renamed Botkyrka HC.
The franchise became the Macon Whoopee for the 2001–02 season.
They then went on to beat the Oshawa Generals in the sixth game of the best of seven Memorial Cup championship.
Founded in 1955 as the Bees, they changed their name to the Braves and then finally the Warriors.
The Blues are the oldest NHL team never to have won the Stanley Cup, having played the finals three times in 1968, 1969 and 1970.
The Las Vegas Thunder was a professional ice hockey team competing in the International Hockey League.
Among its prominent players was Vlad Gavrik, who has played for the Ukraine men's national ice hockey team.
From 1973 until 2015, the team operated in Hamilton, Ontario as the Kilty's and the Red Wings.
The Blue Birds played one season in the former Eastern Hockey League before folding after the 1941-42 season.
The team moved from the Cardiff Arena in March 2016 after playing their last game in the arena on 27 February against the Coventry Blaze.
The side won the Icy Smith Cup in 1976 and became a charter member of the British Hockey League's Premier Division in 1983.
The Woodstock Navy-Vets are a Canadian junior hockey team based in Woodstock, Ontario, Canada.
Hockey Club Sparta Praha is a Prague based Czech ice hockey team playing in the Czech Extraliga.
The team played all of its home games at the Duquesne Gardens.
until the 2016-17 season when the league became a division of the Provincial Junior Hockey League.
Like the original IceGators, which played from 1995 until folding in 2005, they are based in Lafayette, Louisiana.
The Calgary Cowboys were an ice hockey team that played two seasons in the World Hockey Association from 1975–1977.
In 1992, the team moved to Mississauga.
They are currently named HC Südtirol Bank Eppan for sponsorship reasons.
Logo design: A steamboat pilot at a steering wheel
They have only missed the playoffs once in team history, and have made three appearances in the Kelly Cup finals, winning in 2012.
Currently the Panthers have a fierce rivalry with the Sheffield Steelers.
The Washington Lions were a professional ice hockey team based in Washington, D.C.
The current AHL affiliation of the New York Islanders is the Bridgeport Sound Tigers.
The IceHogs won their first division championship in the 2005–06 season.
The team went to the championship finals in both the WHA2 and the SPHL, losing in each series to the league champion.
They play their home games at Hap Parker Arena.
The team plays at the Foxboro Sports Center located in Foxboro, Massachusetts.
The team is made up of males and females from complete beginners to experienced players.
They play in the Czech 2nd league, the third level of Czech ice hockey.
It replaced the former city based team, the Peterborough Pirates, and plays in the same Ice Arena.
They moved to Nanaimo after the 1981–82 season.
The Blades play most of their home games at the Walter Brown Arena.
The AHL returned to Providence in 1992 in the form of the Providence Bruins.
Is the command of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Turkmenistan.
Mileti sold the team to Jay White in 1975, but White sold it back to Mileti in 1976.
The team was previously affiliated with the Tampa Bay Lightning, Toronto Maple Leafs, New York Islanders, and the Chicago Blackhawks.
This defunct hockey team was a part of the Northern Ontario Junior Hockey League.
They played in Albany, New York at the Times Union Center.
They are a part of Central Division Hockey, but they were also a part of the Metro Junior A Hockey League.
The team colours are blue and white.
Galt Professional won the OPHL league title twice, in 1909 and 1911, and challenged for the Stanley Cup in January 1910 and in March 1911.
Platina Chișinău is an ice hockey team in Chișinău, Moldova.
The club was also operating bandy teams, both women's and men's, winning the Swedish Men's championship in bandy once, in 1927.
On 24 June 2015, the club announced on its official website that it has been placed into liquidation.
In 1994 they didn't make the playoffs in the expanded league of 24 teams.
The franchise struggled to draw fans, and after averaging only 10,000 per game in 1979–80, was sold and relocated to Alberta to become the Calgary Flames.
They played in the Western Professional Hockey League from 1997-2001.
The Cheyenne Stampede are a United Hockey Union-sanctioned junior ice hockey team competing in the Western States Hockey League.
The new club renamed itself Nacka HK in 1980.
Brussels Royal IHSC was an ice hockey team in Brussels, Belgium.
The Dakota College at Bottineau Lumberjacks Ice Hockey are a Junior Collegiate ice hockey team from Bottineau, North Dakota.
They were replaced in the league by the CBR Brave.
The Rockford IceHogs are a professional ice hockey team based in Rockford, Illinois.
The Blue Lions Leipzig were an ice hockey team in Leipzig, Germany.
The Cataracts have played all their home games at the Joe Byrne Memorial Stadium, formerly known as the Grand Falls Stadium until 1991.
From 2004 until 2015, it played at O2 Arena.
In 1893 they returned to the league and returned to their original name of Montreal Crystals.
This franchise was founded in the OHA in 1973–74, then known as the Kingston Canadians until 1987–88.
In 1927 the club was purchased by Conn Smythe and renamed the Maple Leafs.
Only in the final few weeks did the Wightlink Raiders cement their place at the top of the table.
Mora has been playing in the top two tiers of Swedish hockey since the 1944–45 season.
More recently Ayr was represented by the Ayr Scottish Eagles between 1996 and 2002 at the Centrum Arena.
The Columbus Cottonmouths were a professional ice hockey team based in Columbus, Georgia.
The play was a success in its original language, French, and has been equally acclaimed in English-translated productions in both London and New York.
The ice hockey team historically has been more successful, having played 12 seasons in Division 1 when it was the top tier of Swedish ice hockey.
The players' contracts were sold to New York City interests to stock the expansion New York Americans.
They are members of the Keystone Junior Hockey League.
The Hockey Club Dinamo Saint Petersburg, is a Russian professional ice hockey club based in Saint Petersburg.
The Duluth Clydesdales were an American Junior ice hockey team based in Duluth, Minnesota.
The team was originally the Edmonton Oil Kings.
There are two teams in the program, an Under-17 squad and an Under-18 squad.
The Vaughan Vipers were a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Vaughan, Ontario, Canada.
Amager Islanders is an ice hockey team in Amager, Denmark.
The Eagles were one of five inaugural franchises in the Canadian American Hockey League, and a founding member of the American Hockey League.
The Colts celebrated their 25th anniversary season during the 2014-15 season.
They play in the Slovak 2.Liga, the third level of ice hockey in the country.
Olimpija has won 13 Yugoslav championships and 15 Slovenian championships.
They are members of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League.
The Thunder Bay Bearcats were a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada.
In 2006, the Ice Bears defeated the Florida Seals to take their first President's Cup.
The Norwood Vipers were a Senior "AAA" ice hockey team from Norwood, Ontario, Canada.
They were founded in 2009, and play in the Kazakhstan Hockey Championship, the top level of ice hockey in Kazakhstan.
The Golden Rockets are a junior 'B' ice hockey team based in Golden, British Columbia, Canada.
Warriors equalised with a goal from Martin Crammond and moments later took a 2-1 lead courtesy of Callum Watson.
The Whitecourt Wolverines are a junior "A" ice hockey team in North Division of the Alberta Junior Hockey League based in Whitecourt, Alberta, Canada.
According to the ice hockey federation rules, the club is automatically relegated to the lower division, i.e.
The Pickering Panthers are a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Pickering, Ontario, Canada.
The team's home arena is Behrn Arena, which seats 5,500 spectators.
The team relocated to Louis J. Tullio Arena in 1983, and played its home games for the remainder of the team's existence.
Regular season titles won: 2000-01, 2003-04, 2004-05, 2007-08
The Steelers have won the PJHL Championship twice, in 1994 and 2008.
He retired from play in the league after the 2005-06 season as a member of the Gwinnett Gladiators.
The team played at the Stratford Arena, now known as the William Allman Memorial Arena, in Stratford, Ontario.
The minor junior Kitchener Dutchmen continue the name today.
The second Rosebuds are notable in that their roster was used to build the NHL expansion Chicago Blackhawks.
Nogaro Bilbao was an ice hockey team in Bilbao, Spain.
They were usually referred to as the Toronto Argonauts.
The Waywayseecappo Wolverines are a junior ice hockey team playing in the Manitoba Junior Hockey League.
The Gulls are a relocation of the former Norfolk Admirals franchise, joining six other AHL franchises to form a new AHL Pacific Division.
Stjernen Hockey is a Norwegian ice hockey team based in Fredrikstad, Norway.
The Rockland Nationals are a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Rockland, Ontario, Canada.
They are the current defending Cup champions.
More recently, changes in 2013 and 2017 now require only a simple majority to invoke cloture on nominations, although legislation still requires 60 votes.
The team played in the City of St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada and participate in the OLA Senior B Lacrosse League.
The Flags are members of the Provincial Junior Hockey League.
On March 18, 1966 at the Winnipeg Arena, the Rangers won the Turnbull Memorial Cup as MJHL champs.
The club is owned by Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment, Ltd. and are represented by Chairman Larry Tanenbaum.
Owners of the organization attempted to relocate the team to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.
They were a part of the Ontario Provincial Junior A Hockey League.
However, on September 1, 2015, they announced on their website that the team had gone dormant for the season.
HK Kremenchuk is an ice hockey team based in Kremenchuk, Ukraine, playing in the Ukrainian Hockey Extra League that was formed prior to the 2016–17 season.
They are members of the Tom Shaw Conference of the Pacific Junior Hockey League.
They are the current Newfoundland senior hockey champions, winning back-to-back titles.
They play their home games at The Kamloops Memorial Arena.
Together, the franchises have combined to win two Kelly Cups, three conference championships, one overall points championship, and four division championships.
Their home rink is the refurbished and renamed MK Arena; known locally as the Thunderdome.
They play in Mikkeli, Finland, at the Kalevankankaan jäähalli.
SC Riessersee is a professional ice hockey team based in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Oberbayern, Germany.
The Fusion played their home games at Lockhart Stadium.
The Pasadena Maple Leafs Hockey Club is an amateur youth ice hockey club based in Pasadena, California.
During the summer of 1967, a community-minded sports group purchased the Rangers from Ben Hatskin.
They were one of the five founding members of the AJHL in 1963.
The club was inactive from 2009 to 2014.
Lindlövens IF is a Swedish hockey team located in the town of Lindesberg.
The Pincher Creek Panthers were a Junior A ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League from Pincher Creek, Alberta.
The 'EHL Wolves' name of the club was coined in 2010, although the team existed as the 'Ice Hockey Committee' since 2005.
Their cross bay rivals the San Jose Rhino's ended up winning the title against Montreal.
The Monarchs franchise played at Winnipeg Arena in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
The Central Coast Rhinos are a semi-professional ice hockey team based in Erina, New South Wales, Australia.
The team played its home games at Revolution Arena in Battle Creek, Michigan which it shared with fellow AAHL team, Battle Creek Revolution.
The California Golden Seals were a team in the National Hockey League from 1967 to 1976.
Division of the Western Conference in the Western Hockey League.
In 1985, they were promoted to the Superliga, where the played one year.
The sale to IceArizona Acquisition Co., LLC.
The team plays their home games at the Nelson Center in Springfield, Illinois.
The Advantage have won two Elite 9 championships, tied for most of all-time with the Wizards and .
Formerly the Unionville Seaforths, the team moved to downtown Toronto for the Metro League's second year and became associated with grocery retailer Knob Hill Farms.
For the professional baseball team see: San Francisco Seals.
This article is about the defunct NJHL/CJHL franchise, For the defunct NAHL team, see Alpena IceDiggers.
The Mustangs played their home games in the Rochester Recreation Center, which seated approximately 2,500.
Joe Hall, also a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame, played two games for the club in the 1908–09 season and scored two goals.
The Citadelles were a minor-league feeder team that developed players for the NHL's Montreal Canadiens organization.
Unable to secure a suitable arena, they moved to Hampton just before the season opened as the Gulls.
They played in the Central Hockey League from 2006 to 2014 with their home games at Tim's Toyota Center.
CH Valladolid was an ice hockey team in Valladolid, Spain.
They play their home games at the Jack Goddard Memorial Arena.
This defunct hockey team was a part of the Northern Ontario Junior Hockey League.
The Barracudas were a part of Roller Hockey International.
HC Olomouc is an ice hockey team in the Czech Extraliga from Olomouc.
Based in Bloomington, Illinois, the Thunder play their home games at the U.S. Cellular Coliseum, located in downtown Bloomington.
The Tigers have won league championships in 1998 and 2004.
Since then the team moved to the iceSheffield complex, where they became successful in the ENIHL and made the step-up to the EPL in 2005–06.
The AHL did not return to Atlantic Canada until 2011 with the St. John's IceCaps.
HK Lido Nafta Riga was an ice hockey team in Riga, Latvia.
Sportovní klub Kadaň is an ice hockey team in Kadaň, Czech Republic.
The Bradford Rattlers are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based out of Bradford, Ontario, and members of the Greater Metro Junior A Hockey League.
The previous season they had played as the Invaders in Denver, Colorado, winning the regular season with the best record in the Western Hockey League.
The Bears are the last remaining original team in the AIHL, after the Canberra Knights and Adelaide Avalanche folded and were reformed under different names.
In 1963, the Dundee Rockets were founded.
In February 2014 the team owner announced that operations would fold due to financial costs, lack of local players and poor performance.
In its VIJHL history, the team has won the Cyclone Taylor Cup twice, in 1999 and 2015.
The Boston Junior Blackhawks are the affiliate of the Texas Tornado of the Tier II Jr A North American Hockey League.
The Anaheim Ducks are a professional ice hockey team based in Anaheim, California.
The club plays in the Pervaya Liga, the third level of Russian ice hockey.
The Lloyds finished eighth place, and last in the league.
They compete in the Heritage Junior B Hockey League and are eligible to compete for the Russ Barnes Trophy and the Keystone Cup.
The Rocky Mountain Rage are a professional ice hockey team that last played the Central Hockey League in the 2008-09 season.
They made it to the WPHL championship finals in the 1999-00 season, losing to the Shreveport Mudbugs in six games.
LHK Jestřábi Prostějov is an ice hockey team in Prostějov, Czech Republic.
The Rochester Ice Hawks are a Tier III Junior A ice hockey team in the North American 3 Hockey League.
The Warriors 1983–84 record of 9–63–0 is the second-worst 72 game mark in league history.
The league was formed in 2002 by New South Wales Ice Hockey's amalgamation of the former Junior and Senior A leagues.
The Victorian Vipers are a field hockey team who participate in Australia's national field hockey league, the AHL.
The Shooting Stars played out of the Mattamy Athletic Centre in Toronto, Ontario.
The club operated for two seasons in the OPHL, 1908 and 1909, before disbanding.
Halmstad HF is an ice-hockey club in Sweden.
It has spent three seasons in the top flight of Finnish hockey, season 1971-72 in SM-sarja and seasons 1989-90 and 1991-92 in SM-liiga.
Regular season titles won: 1986-87, 1988-89, 2002-03
The Fire Bees, competing in the EIHA women’s Division 1 South,
They are members of the North Division of the Heritage Junior B Hockey League.
The club was originally named LTC Pardubice, acquiring its current name at the start of the 2015–16 season.
Former Portland Pirates Managing Owner and CEO Brian Petrovek served as the team's president.
In 1993, Cantanucci sold the franchise to local insurance magnate Albert Lawrence.
The Cornwall Colts are a Canadian junior ice hockey team from Cornwall, Ontario, Canada.
The Flames have won two Presidents' Trophies as the league's top regular season team, and have claimed five division championships.
The club had financial difficulties and sold the license for Extraliga in 1999 to HC Havířov.
The new Cambridge Hornets were brought into Southwestern Senior A Hockey League in 1999.
They are members of the coastal Conference of the British Columbia Hockey League.
The team was founded during the 1967 NHL expansion as the Minnesota North Stars, based in Bloomington, Minnesota.
In 2017, the ownership group announced that the 2016–17 season would be the team's last, after which the franchise would cease operations.
They play in the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League.
Under head coaches Chuck Catto and Larry Mickey, the Mohawks compiled a two season combined record of 57 wins, 77 losses, and 6 ties.
The Haileybury Hockey Club of Haileybury, Ontario, was a professional ice hockey club established in 1906.
This was because a presentation of Peter Pan starring gynmast Cathy Rigby was booked into the Amphitheatre and thus made the arena unavailable for the playoffs.
They are members of the Harold Brittain Conference of the Pacific Junior Hockey League.
The Minnesota Iron Rangers are an American Junior ice hockey team based in Hoyt Lakes, Minnesota.
The Caledon Canadians are a defunct Junior "A" ice hockey team from Caledon, Ontario, Canada.
The Solar Bears played in the International Hockey League's Eastern Conference.
They were a part of the Ontario Provincial Junior A Hockey League.
The Los Angeles Kings are a professional ice hockey team based in Los Angeles.
From 2008 until 2014, the team was known as the Bucks from Beaverton, Ontario and later Bobcaygeon, Ontario.
The Adelaide Rush are a women's ice hockey team in the Australian Women's Ice Hockey League, which is the highest level national competition in Australia.
The team abruptly folded after two weeks of play.
The team would be replaced by the Mohawk Valley Stars the following season in the newly formed Atlantic Coast Hockey League.
The team averaged only 1,500 fans and lost $750,000 in their first season, leading the Leafs to fold the Tigers in the spring of 1982.
Not to be confused with the former Australian league of the same name which ran from 1994 to 1999.
The team is currently a member of the highest Norwegian ice hockey league, GET-ligaen.
The Alaska Aces, known as the Anchorage Aces until 2003, were a minor league ice hockey team in Anchorage, Alaska.
Mountfield Hokejový Klub is a professional men's ice hockey club based in Hradec Králové, Czech Republic.
The Vancouver Blazers were a professional ice hockey team that played in the World Hockey Association from 1973–75.
They are members of the Central Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League.
They participated in the Ukrainian Hockey Championship from 1992-2005.
The team filed for bankruptcy and was liquidated in 1999, after many years of playing elite-level hockey.
It played tight promotion playoffs against Ilves but failed to promote.
A sale relocated the team to St. Catharines, Ontario for the 2007–08 season and they are now called the Niagara IceDogs.
The Draveurs finished first place in the QMJHL in 1977–78 with 101 points, and again in 1978–79 with 122 points.
The Jersey Rockhoppers were a professional ice hockey team based in West Orange, New Jersey, in the United States.
Starting in the 2015-16 season, the Tigers have begun play at the Canalta Centre after forty-five seasons at the Medicine Hat Arena.
It is also an Original Six franchise, along with the Chicago Blackhawks, Detroit Red Wings, Montreal Canadiens, New York Rangers and Toronto Maple Leafs.
These include one 'Senior A' level hockey team, two 'Junior A' level teams, and two 'Junior B' level teams.
The Peterborough Stars were a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Peterborough, Ontario, Canada.
The team's first GM was Larry Kish who was succeeded by Dan Belisle and owned by future New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin.
Based in Erie, Pennsylvania from 1988 to 1996, they were one of the most prolific teams in the ECHL.
For the 1977-78 season, the Gulls were approved as an expansion franchise in the AHL.
They were affiliated with Montreal Amateur Athletic Association and used the MAAA 'winged wheel' logo.
Their major rivals during the 1990s were the Fort Wayne Komets.
Effective with the 2016–17 season, the team will relocate to the Langley Events Centre in the Township of Langley a suburb of Vancouver, British Columbia.
The Nipissing Alouettes were a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based out of Sturgeon Falls, Ontario.
Metallurg Mednogorsk is an ice hockey team in Mednogorsk, Russia.
The Johnstown Wings were an independent junior ice hockey team that was a member of the Continental Junior Hockey League.
They were currently members of the Superior International Junior Hockey League.
The Steelers play their home games at Burnaby Winter Club.
The AAHL IceMen played their home games at Swonder Ice Arena in Evansville.
HC Tiroler Wasserkraft Innsbruck is an Austrian professional ice hockey team in the Erste Bank Eishockey Liga.
The Peterborough Islanders are a British ice hockey team.
They are a part of the Superior International Junior Hockey League.
The team colours are blue and white.
They play their home games at Killam Agriplex.
HDD Jesenice was founded in 2013 as Team Jesenice before changing to their current name for the 2014–15 season.
As a part of the sale, the Majors identity was returned to St. Michael's College, allowing the team to move forward under the fan-selected "Steelheads" moniker.
Hockey Club Bolzano-Bozen is an Italian ice hockey team located in the city of Bolzano, South Tyrol, that plays in the Austrian Hockey League.
CH Madrid is an ice hockey team in Madrid, Spain.
The Stingrays are the first professional ice hockey team established in the state of South Carolina.
The team's championship season in 1992–93 was the last time a Canadian team won the Stanley Cup.
The Owen Sound Mercurys are a defunct Canadian senior ice hockey team.
Recently they have played in the Slovak 1.Liga, the second level of Slovak ice hockey.
ATEK returned to the Ukrainian League in 2014-15, and won their second championship by defeating the favored HC Kremenchuk in the final.
The team has been playing in the Second Czech National Hockey League since the 2008-09 season.
The North Stars played 2,062 regular season games and made the NHL playoffs 17 times, including two Stanley Cup Finals appearances.
The Bandits played at the Mississippi Coliseum in Jackson, Mississippi between the 1999 and 2003.
Coached by Mark Stafford, they compete in the Australian Hockey League.
They currently play in DEL2, the second level of ice hockey in Germany.
The Greyhounds play home games at the Essar Centre.
It plays its home games in Trio Areena.
On Oct. 23, 2002, Tri Vision Sports purchased the franchise from USV.
The team was an expansion franchise for the 2008-2009 season and played their home games at the Albert Lea Ice Arena in Albert Lea, Minnesota.
Originally based in Urtijëi, since 1999 they play their home games at the Pranives Ice Stadium, located in Sëlva, South Tyrol.
They play in Calgary, Alberta, Canada at the Father David Bauer Olympic Arena, capacity 1800.
They played in the Superliga Espanola de Hockey Hielo from 1975-77.
They play in the Thunder Bay Junior B Hockey League.
They played in the 1997-98 Eastern European Hockey League season.
Their home arena was the Birmingham Jefferson Convention Center.
CH Gel Barcelona was an ice hockey team in Barcelona, Spain.
The team plays its home games at Barclays Center, located in the borough of Brooklyn.
In 1989, the team was renamed the Saint-Jean Lynx.
In its championship season, attendance averaged slightly above 3,000 per game.
The Springfield Express is an AAU-sanctioned junior ice hockey team based in Springfield, Missouri and plays home games at the Mediacom Ice Park.
Aside from its main supporter club, Bajen Fans, other supporter clubs of Hammarby Hockey include Bamsingarna, Ultra Boys, Hammarby Ultras, Söder Bröder, and Bara Bajare.
The team was founded in 2000 and plays their home games at the Miramichi Civic Centre.
The team is currently playing in Sweden's premier hockey league, the SHL.
For the original franchise of same name, see: Muskegon Lumberjacks.
It is playing in the Belarusian Extraliga.
The Knights of Meaford are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Meaford, Ontario, Canada.
Flintshire Freeze were a Welsh ice hockey team that play in the English National Ice Hockey League, north division.
The team's general manager was Larry Gordon for all three seasons of existence.
JYP-Akatemia is an ice hockey team from Jyväskylä, Finland, playing in the Mestis league.
They currently play in the English National Ice Hockey League, which is the third tier of UK hockey.
John Butler-Smith was the team's last president and general manager; and Bryan Grant was the last coach.
The Melville Millionaires are a Junior "A" ice hockey team based in Melville, Saskatchewan.
The Wightlink Tigers was an amateur English ice hockey team from the Isle of Wight.
The Northern Cyclones are a Tier III Junior A ice hockey team playing in the Eastern Hockey League - Premier Division.
The team played their home games at the Hara Arena in nearby Trotwood.
It is one of the four charter franchises of the National Women's Hockey League.
The Amarillo Bulls are a Tier II junior ice hockey team based out of Amarillo, Texas.
The Superior RoughRiders are a AAU-sanctioned Tier II Junior A ice hockey team based in Superior, Boulder County Colorado.
The Bearcats are one of six Nova Scotia teams in the Maritime Junior Hockey League.
The Islanders' best record was in the 1993 season, when the team finished 34-34-12 for 3rd place in its division and a playoff berth.
The Flames also played in the Calder Cup Finals in 1998, losing to the Philadelphia Phantoms.
The team was originally known as the Toronto St. Michael's Majors, whose hockey program was founded and operated by St. Michael's College School in 1906.
Haninge Anchors HC was founded in May 2013 as a merger of the Haninge-based clubs Haninge HF, Vendelsö IK and Västerhaninge IF.
The team is also covered in print on a weekly basis by the Estevan Mercury and Estevan Lifestyles.
The Richmond Wildcats were a minor professional ice hockey team based in Richmond, Virginia, who played their games at the Richmond Coliseum.
This defunct hockey team was a part of the Northern Ontario Junior Hockey League.
They played in the Latvian Hockey League from 1991-1996.
The Shawinigan Cataractes are a junior ice hockey team in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.
The Port Huron Beacons were a minor league professional ice hockey team in the United Hockey League that played from 2002 to 2005.
The Rome Frenzy was a minor professional hockey team in the Federal Hockey League based in Rome, New York.
Three Sorel players, Pierre Larouche, Michel Deziel and Jacques Cossette, had more than 90 goals and 200 points each.
USA Hockey also has junior and adult hockey programs that provide opportunities for players of all ability levels.
The Saint John market is currently served by the QMJHL's Saint John Sea Dogs.
МHK Spartak or JHC Spartak is a junior ice hockey club from Moscow, Russia.
The team is predominantly made up of amateurs who participate in the Victorian Premier League competition.
They are currently playing in the Belgian Hockey League, the top level of ice hockey in Belgium.
The Cougars play their home games at Archie Browning Arena.
Games are broadcast on radio station CJGX AM 940.
That same year, Stadion became an affiliate of Mountfield HK.
The Checkers filled a void left by the departed Indianapolis Racers of the World Hockey Association.
The Philadelphia Firebirds were a minor league professional ice hockey team that played in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, from 1974 to 1979.
The Campbell River Storm are a Junior "B" ice hockey team based in Campbell River, British Columbia, Canada.
The Vankleek Hill Cougars are a junior ice hockey team based in Vankleek Hill, Ontario.
Florida Panthers games air locally on regional sports television channel Fox Sports Florida since 1996.
They played in the Western Ontario Athletic Association Senior Hockey League.
SønderjyskE Ishockey Support is the fan club and the biggest icehockey fan club in Denmark with more than 800 members.
There were two franchises that carried this name:
The club was founded as the Kansas City Scouts in Kansas City, Missouri, in 1974.
This was very upsetting to a number of fans that pay for tickets to every game or are season ticket holders.
The Western Red Wings are a Canadian Junior B ice hockey team located in Abrams Village, Prince Edward Island.
Telford Tigers ENL were renamed Telford Titans in September 2008.
Kedr Novouralsk is an ice hockey team in Novouralsk, Russia.
Although founded in 2003, it claimed to be a successor of the Harringay Racers club established in 1936.
They play their home games at the Curt Frenzel Stadion.
The White Caps Turnhout are an ice hockey team in Turnhout, Belgium.
They lost their first game, 3–1, to the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim and recorded their first win against the Tampa Bay Lightning five games later.
The Thunder Bay Twins were a Canadian Senior ice hockey team from Thunder Bay, Ontario.
The team received its name from their home arena, the Winter Garden at Exposition Hall, and played only one season between 1915-16.
They played at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto.
Ledenite Dyavoli Sofia is an ice hockey team in Sofia, Bulgaria.
Howe's only points in Galt were thrown out when Hamilton withdrew from the league.
The Dover Seawolves were an independent Junior A ice hockey team that played in the America East Hockey League.
They were a member of the Central Hockey League and played home games at State Fair Coliseum.
At the time, Adirondack was the primary affiliate of the Detroit Red Wings.
The Riviere-du-Loup 3L is a hockey team in the Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey based in Rivière-du-Loup, Quebec.
The Nipigon Elks are a Canadian Junior B ice hockey team based in Nipigon, Ontario.
The club has been regularly represented in the top half in attendance in the NHL.
The Roanoke Valley Rebels were a minor professional hockey franchise, based in Roanoke, Virginia, that played in the now defunct Eastern Hockey League from 1970–73.
The club will play the 2014–15 season in group South of Hockeyettan, the third tier of Swedish ice hockey.
This team should not be confused with other Cornwall Royals teams that played in the QSHL, MMJHL, or OHA-B.
For the 2015–16 season they are captained by Boston Colley with Nick Maydaniuk, Brandon Inwood and Cam Alder acting as assistant captains.
When the WCHL was absorbed by the East Coast Hockey League in 2003, the team joined the merged ECHL.
The Express finished last in the league for average attendance with 2,508.
In 1997 AaB Ishockey merged with a smaller club, IK Aalborg.
The Regina Pats are a junior ice hockey team that plays in the Western Hockey League.
Their home games are Friday nights at 8:00pm.
Kärpät have won the Finnish championship title seven times, and have been one of the most successful Finnish ice hockey team in the 2000s and 2010s.
IK Århus is an ice hockey team in Århus, Denmark.
The Houston Aeros were a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League.
Kilmarnock Storm are a Scottish ice hockey team that play in the Scottish National League.
The Dashers were named in honor of the original Danville Dashers.
The Sorel Royaux were a Canadian minor pro ice hockey team in Sorel-Tracy, Quebec.
As of 2013, the team was relocated to Ancaster, Ontario and renamed the Ancaster Avalanche.
The Niagara Falls Memorial Arena was home ice to both teams.
Charleswood has won the Art Moug Trophy 14 times and the Jack Mackenzie Trophy 16 times.
The Tulsa Oilers are a professional ice hockey team based in Tulsa, Oklahoma, which plays in the ECHL.
The Jamestown Ironmen were a Tier II junior ice hockey team in the North American Hockey League.
They are a department of the United Sports Clubs of CSKA Sofia.
The Plattsburgh Pioneers were a short-lived junior ice hockey team in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League, based in Plattsburgh, New York.
Following the 2014-15 season in an attempt to create a better player development model the EOJHL and the CCHL set a new agreement.
A strong local rivalry exists between the Kölner Haie and the Düsseldorfer EG, of neighboring Düsseldorf.
Sheffield Scimitars were a semi-professional English ice hockey team, formed originally in 1986 as an Under 21 side.
HC Dynamo Pardubice is a professional ice hockey club that plays in the Czech Extraliga.
Östers IF competed in ice hockey until 1971, when their ice hockey department merged with the hockey department of Växjö IK to form Växjö HC.
They play in the South Conference of the Eastern Hockey League at the IceWorks Skating Complex
The Gladiators play their home games at the Infinite Energy Arena.
South Grenville play in the National Capital Junior Hockey League of Hockey Canada.
HC Sierre-Anniviers is a professional ice hockey team, in Switzerland.
The Winnipeg Rangers, later known as the Black Hawks and Barons, were a Canadian junior hockey team in the Manitoba Junior Hockey League.
The Falcons folded midway through the 1982-83 season having lost every game they played that year.
The Wichita Jr. Thunder are an Amateur Athletic Union-sanctioned junior ice hockey team based in Wichita, Kansas and plays home games at the Wichita Ice Center.
HC Stadion Litoměřice is an ice hockey team from Litoměřice, Czech Republic.
The Dynes only lasted 4 more seasons, in two different towns.
Notable former Bisons include Patrick Roy, Pierre Turgeon.
The team has an active official supporters' club, known as The Pack.
The Spokane Braves are a Junior "B" Ice Hockey team based in Spokane, Washington, United States.
The Utica Devils were an ice hockey team of the American Hockey League.
The Predators joined the NHL as an expansion team in the 1998–99 season, and play their home games at Bridgestone Arena.
Nickel Centre Native Sons 1976 - 1986
The club was founded in 2007, and started playing in the Nationalliga.
They are members of the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League.
Lapointe was then replaced with Michel Larocque.
The Truro Bearcats were a Canadian Senior ice hockey team from Truro, Nova Scotia.
The hockey club folded after the 1956–57 season.
A separate team called the Winnipeg Rangers played in the MJHL from 1956 to 1967.
The club was also the 1986–87 and 1987–88 British Hockey League Champions and played in the Premier Division of this league from 1982 to 1995.
The team would be moved to Ogden, Utah as the Mustangs in 2011.
They currently play in the Swiss 1.
The San Francisco Seals were a minor league hockey team which played in the Western Hockey League from 1961 to 1967.
They play their home games in the Garcelon Civic Centre in St. Stephen, New Brunswick.
The team plays home games at the Kevin Lowe-Pierre Page Ice Arena in Harrington, Quebec.
The Thunder replaced the AHL's Adirondack Flames after it was relocated to Stockton, California, to become the Stockton Heat.
This match was played, on Oxford's insistence, with bandy sticks and a lacrosse ball.
The team competes in the Czech Extraliga, the highest level of play in professional Czech ice hockey.
The Simcoe Storm are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Simcoe, Ontario, Canada.
However, there is no contemporary evidence that this match took place, and Oxford now claims that this was a bandy match.
The Cents, as the team is known, are the longest continuously run franchise in the BCHL.
Renamed the Trenton Devils, the team was affiliated with the New Jersey Devils starting from the 2007–08 ECHL season.
They are members of the South Division of the Vancouver Island Junior Hockey League.
The organization was forced to fold due to financial problems in 2011.
The Roanoke Valley Rebels were a minor league hockey franchise in the ECHL from 1990–92.
The team is played its home games at the Barrie Molson Centre.
Tranås AIF is a Swedish sports club active in a number of sports including ice hockey.
They took part in Division C of the Ukrainian Hockey League during the 2009-10 season.
They were promoted to the 2nd Bundesliga in 2000.
They play in the Icelandic Hockey League.
They played an independent schedule under the supervision of Hockey Northwestern Ontario.
The team is based in Adelaide, South Australia, Australia.
The Lions played for two seasons, disbanded during World War II.
As of 2017, the Barons remain the last franchise in the four major North American sports leagues to cease operations.
From 2001 to 2010, Björklöven played in HockeyAllsvenskan, the second highest ice hockey league for men in Sweden.
The Phantoms' franchise has been the top minor league affiliate for the NHL's Philadelphia Flyers since the 1996–97 season.
The Moose were created in January 2011 using players from three other AAHL teams which had all ceased operations mid-season.
The franchise was founded in 1967 as an expansion team during the league's original expansion from six to 12 teams.
They play their home games at the SAP Center, known locally as the Shark Tank.
The Surrey Eagles are a junior "A" ice hockey team based in Surrey, British Columbia, Canada.
In 2002, after four years of lackluster ticket sales and revenues, MLS contracted the Fusion along with its other Florida-based team, the Tampa Bay Mutiny.
Two seasons later, on March 31, 2009, the Cyclones ceased operations, citing the American economic downturn as a reason for their folding.
Home games are played at Centre Sportif Robert-Lebel.
Contrary to popular belief, the Pittsburgh Hornets did not evolve from the International Hockey League's Pittsburgh Shamrocks.
Their last appearance in the Ukrainian Hockey League came during the 2008-09 season.
Starting with the 2013-14 season the team officially changed the name for VMF Karelia, VMF standing for the Russian Navy.
They currently play in the First Division, the second level of Norwegian ice hockey.
They play their games at Eisarena in Wolfsburg.
They are the northernmost team in the league and have won the Swedish championships once, in 1996.
They were founded in 1953 as the St. Paul Chevrolets.
The Falcons still hold the record for longest losing streak spanning two seasons at 35; a record stopped only by the team's demise.
The team was a part of the Southern Ontario Junior A Hockey League.
Both franchises played at the Palais des Sports in Sherbrooke, Quebec.
The Quesnel Millionaires were a junior "A" ice hockey team based in Quesnel, British Columbia, Canada.
The Brahmas play their home games at the NYTEX Sports Centre.
The Cincinnati Tigers were a minor league ice hockey team in the old Central Hockey League during the 1981-82 season.
The club's colors are blue, white and red.
In addition, the organization supports a disabled hockey program.
The team was based in St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada.
The new team then became the Albany Devils.
In 1973, they relocated to Jacksonville, Florida, where they were known as the Jacksonville Barons; they lasted only through the 1973–1974 season before folding.
The New Ulm Steel are a Tier III junior ice hockey team based in New Ulm, Minnesota.
The owners included former National Hockey League players Dave Ellett and Brian Savage.
They were the third expansion team in the history of the National Hockey League and the second to play in the United States.
Their new home rink, Steve Kerr Memorial Complex, also located in Listowel is to be operational for the 2017–18 GOJHL hockey season.
Team Ulysse is a Canadian Junior ice hockey from La Plaine, Quebec.
The Winnipeg Jets are a professional ice hockey team based in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
Established in 1993, the team has been owned by a conglomerate of local business owners since 1995.
The All-Montreal Hockey Club were a men's professional ice hockey team that played in the short-lived Canadian Hockey Association.
The team's home arena is the Sokolniki Arena, and they are affiliated with the Kontinental Hockey League team HC Spartak Moscow.
The Louisville Icehawks were a professional ice hockey team competing in the East Coast Hockey League.
The season usually runs from mid-September to early March every year.
The Saints were a member of the Quebec Junior Hockey League in 1967–68, and the Metropolitan Montreal Junior Hockey League in 1963–67.
After James D. Norris died in 1966, the Wirtz family became owners of the franchise.
Tingsryds AIF is an ice hockey club based in Tingsryd, Sweden.
The EHL team played from 1959 through 1972, and the SHL team played from 1973 through the league's mid-season failure in 1977.
The team did not participate in the 2015-16 season due to financial constraints, but have returned for the 2016-17 season.
Heilbronner Falken  are a professional ice hockey team based in Heilbronn, Germany.
The new name was taken from the former major junior ice hockey team which competed in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League from 1973 to 1992.
The Denver Cutthroats were a minor league ice hockey team, as a member of the Central Hockey League, that began play in the 2012–13 season.
Akademika Sofia was an ice hockey team in Sofia, Bulgaria.
The team is owned by a community nonprofit corporation.
The team's best players were quickly promoted to the NHL, leaving Galt with a dismal won/loss record while sponsored by the Chicago Black Hawks.
Goaltender Jean-Sébastien Giguère suited up for the Freezers during the 2004–05 NHL lockout season.
They have won six Cups: in 1965, 1966, 1968, 1983, 1987 and 1996.
It is currently a member of the Elite Ice Hockey League.
The Cleveland Monsters are a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League based in Cleveland, Ohio, United States.
Registered with the EIHA, they play non-checking ice hockey.
The Lausitzer Füchse is a professional ice hockey team based in Weißwasser, Saxony.
They participate in the Belgian Cup tournament and the Belgian Elite League.
Botkyrka HC was a Swedish ice hockey team.
The team originated during the late 1950s in the Quebec Junior Hockey League, and played there until 1969.
The Calgary Rad'z were a professional inline hockey team that played two seasons in the Roller Hockey International in 1993 and 1994.
It is a member of the Southern California Amateur Hockey Association.
From 1992 until December 2009 the Thunder played in the Britt Brown Arena located in the northern Wichita suburb of Park City.
The Maineiacs have since relocated and the franchise has been brought back to Sherbrooke, and named the Sherbrooke Phoenix.
The Komoka Kings are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Komoka, Ontario, Canada.
The Barrington Ice Dogs are a Junior hockey franchise based in Barrington, Nova Scotia.They play in the Nova Scotia Junior C Hockey League.
Sorel goaltender Claude Legris also posted the highest goals against average of 4.50 goals per game for a Jacques Plante Memorial Trophy winner.
In 2016, they began playing out of the George Preston Recreation Centre.
The 1949 Brandon Wheat Kings won the Abbott Cup defeating the Calgary Buffaloes.
The team was part of the Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey.
The Reading Royals are a professional ice hockey team that currently plays in the ECHL.
The Camrose Kodiaks are a Canadian Junior "A" ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League.
They finished with a record of 34-31-7 and 75 points, which placed them fourth in the Northwest Division.
In 2011, the team changed its name to HC Carvena, after Carvena, a local cleaning and sanitation service when GCI ended its sponsorship.
The section operates both kids, junior and senior ice hockey teams.
In their final season the team was coached by Glenn Mulvenna who had played with the Pittsburgh Penguins and Philadelphia Flyers.
Hvidovre Fighters/Copenhagen Hockey is a professional ice hockey team based in Hvidovre, Denmark.
Wayne Carleton was their only alumnus to play in the National Hockey League, but was a more prolific scorer after switching to the World Hockey Association.
Led by players such as Danny Irmen, the Stars capped off a magical season by defeating the rival Omaha Lancers in the Clark Cup finals.
In the mid-90s the club became the Edinburgh Racers.
The club was established in 2005 and dissolved in 2009.
Cliff Simpson and Peanuts O'Flaherty shared the team's coaching duties.
Nomad Hockey Club, commonly referred to as Nomad Astana, is a farm team of the Barys Astana of the Kontinental Hockey League.
They play in the Ukrainian Hockey League, the top level of ice hockey in Ukraine.
The team's official colours were crystal blue and white and they played their home games in the Barclaycard Arena Hamburg.
They play in the Czech 1.liga, the second level of ice hockey in the country.
The team played in the Eastern Division of the Eastern Conference of the Ontario Hockey League.
The Youngstown SteelHounds were a professional ice hockey team that participated in the Central Hockey League from the 2005–2006 season through the 2007–2008 season.
The Lumberjacks replaced the International Hockey League franchise of the same name, which relocated to Evansville, Indiana, at the end of the 2009–10 IHL season.
The IceHogs supplied players to Nashville's primary affiliate, the Milwaukee Admirals of the American Hockey League.
The club plays in group C of Sweden's third tier league, Division 1, as of the 2013–14 season.
Not to be confused with the former Australian league of the same name which ran from 1994 to 1999.
The Fischtown Pinguins, also known as REV Bremerhaven, are a professional ice hockey team based in Bremerhaven, Germany.
The club was founded in 1946 after earlier attempts to establish a team were postponed due to World War II.
The Sainte-Agathe Montagnards are a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Sainte-Agathe-des-Monts, Quebec, Canada.
The Thoroughblades were an affiliate of the NHL's San Jose Sharks.
It was established in 1982, as the senior adult semi-professional team of the newly formed Peterborough Ice Hockey Club.
After a gap of four years further silverware arrived with the winning of the 2007–08 Knock-out Cup.
After the success started downtrend which culminated to relegation to Suomi-sarja.
The Bobcats won the 2010 Robertson Cup, winning the national championship with a 3-0 victory over the Fairbanks Ice Dogs on May 9, 2010.
The Mount Royal College Cougars were a junior "A" ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
They play out of the Maritime Junior A Hockey League.
The team was previously the Galt Kist Canadians during the 1943-44 season.
The team played in the Canadian Women's Hockey League since 2007, its inaugural season as the Mississauga Chiefs.
They last played in the First Division, the second level of Norwegian ice hockey.
The Cambridge Hornets were a Senior "AAA" ice hockey team based out of Cambridge, Ontario.
The Nationals play their home games at the Western Fair Sports Centre.
In 1997 the club sold the Extraliga license to HC Karlovy Vary, and was thus relegated to the second-level league.
The Nickel Centre Native Sons were a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Garson, Ontario, Canada.
The Nashville South Stars were a professional ice hockey team in the Central Hockey League for the 1981–82 season.
The team is based in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
The team has never won the WHL championship.
They were playing in the Niagara & District Junior C Hockey League.
The Stars name had previously been used by sports teams, including several Syracuse Stars baseball teams from the 19th century.
Founded in 1963, the club were founder members of the Northern League in 1967 and the British Hockey League in 1982.
The Scarborough Sabres are a defunct Tier II Junior "A" ice hockey team from Weston, Ontario, Canada.
The team competes in the Belarusian Extraliga.
That season, the Hurricanes competed against cross-town rivals, the Kitchener Greenshirts.
The franchise was originally a member of the United Hockey League before it merged into the Central Hockey League in 2010.
The team is currently a member of the Eastern Hockey League.
They play in the Slovak 1.Liga, the second level of Slovak ice hockey.
They were founded in 1985 and initially known as Thessaloniki Penguins.
They are set to move into Little Caesars Arena for the start of the 2017–18 season.
HC Ryazan is an ice hockey team in Ryazan, Russia.
Toronto Knob Hill Farms were a junior ice hockey team who played one season in the fledgling Metro Junior A League in 1962-63.
The Seguin Bruins were a Junior "A" ice hockey team from the greater Parry Sound area.
The Edinburgh Capitals are a Scottish ice hockey club, playing in the UK-wide Elite Ice Hockey League.
The Longueuil Chevaliers were a junior ice hockey team in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League, playing in Longueuil, Quebec at Colisée Jean Béliveau.
Fehérvár AV19 is a Hungarian ice hockey team that plays in the Austrian Erste Bank Hockey League.
They played in the lower level Soviet leagues from 1971-1988.
They have lost in the finals ten times: in 1957, 1960, 1967, 1977, 1984, 1990, 1991, 1993, 1999 and 2000.
Rusich Podolsk is an ice hockey team in Podolsk, Russia.
They play in the Ontario Junior Hockey League.
St. Nicholas HC played in the American Amateur Hockey League between 1896–1903 and 1905–1918 and won three championship titles, in 1907, 1914 and 1915.
They are a member of the Berliner SC sports club, and currently play in the Regionalliga under the name ESC Berlin.
The Westfort Maroons are a Junior "B" ice hockey team based in the Westfort Ward of Thunder Bay, Ontario.
The proposal was accepted and the league was formed.
The Tampa Bay Lightning is a professional ice hockey team based in Tampa, Florida.
Nemunas Rokiskis was an ice hockey team in Rokiskis, Lithuania.
Games played against the Pioneers were not counted in the QMJHL standings that season.
They won one division title as a member of the Eastern Division from 1976-1985.
The first four years of the franchise was in Omaha, NE as the Omaha Knights.
The club is run by an elected committee.
The team played out of Northern Lights Arena in Alpena, Michigan.
They play in the Pervaya Liga, the third level of ice hockey in Russia.
They were founded as a member of the American Hockey League in the 1941–42 season.
The team played their home games at the Hara Arena in nearby Trotwood.
Yunist' Kharkiv is an ice hockey team based in Kharkiv, Ukraine, playing in the Ukrainian Hockey League.
They played in the Czech 1.liga, the second level of ice hockey in the Czech Republic until the 2015-2016 season.
In their final years, they were members of the ECHL.
Rather than agree to this demand, the Nationals opted to move elsewhere for the next season and play its playoff dates in Toronto.
Ray Adduono was the leading scorer on the team and five other players scored 100 points or more.
The Richmond Rifles were a professional ice hockey team of the Eastern Hockey League from 1979–1981, playing in Richmond, Virginia at the Richmond Coliseum.
This league re-organized and re-branded itself as the Central Canada Hockey League Tier 2 and eliminated 6 teams one of which was the Gatineau Mustangs.
Prior to the 2007-08 season the team was known as the Lacombe Wranglers.
The Spartans play their home games at The RRRink in Medford, Oregon.
The Colorado Rockies were an American professional ice hockey team in the National Hockey League that played in Denver, Colorado, from 1976 to 1982.
The Heat play their home games at the Art Holding Memorial Arena.
The team plays its home games at the K. C. Irving Regional Centre.
The Couchiching Terriers were a Junior A ice hockey team from Rama, Ontario, Canada from Lake Couchiching.
The New York Islanders are a professional ice hockey team based in New York City.
The team also participated to the 2011–12 IIHF Continental Cup, in Ankara, Turkey, and finished 2nd of the Group A.
The team has played in the Canadian Women's Hockey League since 2007 its inaugural season.
They play their home games at South Surrey Arena.
The Birmingham Bulls were a minor professional ice hockey team in the East Coast Hockey League from 1992 to 2001.
The 1941 and 1943 Winnipeg Rangers have been inducted into the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame under the team category.
They participated in the Ukrainian Hockey Championship during the 2005-06 season.
The Bonnyville Pontiacs are an ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League.
After the Wings ceased operations, the Hampton Gulls would represent eastern Virginia at the AHL level for the 1977–78 season.
The Castlegar Apollos were a junior 'B' ice hockey team based in Castlegar, British Columbia, Canada.
The Deseronto Storm is a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based in Deseronto, Ontario.
As a result, they are the only active NHL team that has won all of its Stanley Cup Final appearances.
The Toronto Hockey Club, known as the Torontos and the Toronto Blueshirts, were a professional ice hockey team based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Brooklyn Skating Club played its home games on the Claremont Rink in Brooklyn which they shared with fellow AAHL team Brooklyn Crescents.
The New Mexico Renegades were a Tier III Junior A ice hockey team, based in Rio Rancho, New Mexico.
The Wranglers made two appearances in the Kelly Cup Finals, in 2008 and 2012 and won the Brabham Cup once and the Pacific Division title twice.
The Hackettstown Harleys are a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Hackettstown, New Jersey and plays home games at the Chillout Sports Arena.
The Philadelphia Little Flyers are an USA Hockey-sanctioned Tier III junior ice hockey team from Aston, Pennsylvania.
They play their home games in the Horizon Credit Union Centre which has a seating capacity of 2,100.
The Lincoln Stars are a Tier 1 junior ice hockey team playing in the West Division of the United States Hockey League.
The Des Moines Capitols, were a minor league professional ice hockey team in Des Moines, Iowa, playing at the Des Moines Ice Arena.
The Pictou County Crushers are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in New Glasgow, Nova Scotia.
The team plays at the Ford Center in Evansville, Indiana.
The club folded on 31 January 2017 after an unsuccessful meeting with potential investors.
The Raiders started their operations in the Valley division of the Junior "B" League in 1966, switching over to the Central Junior Hockey League in 1972.
Mike Johstone is the team's president, Bill Rotheisler is the general manager and coach.
The Saint-Jérôme Alouettes were a junior ice hockey team that played in Saint-Jérôme, Quebec.
The team joined the Polska Hokej Liga for the 2016-17 season.
The team was dissolved following the 2016–17 Asia League Ice Hockey season.
Piteå HC was founded in 1986 as a merger of the hockey sections of Piteå IF, Munksund/Skuthamns SK, and Öjebyns IF.
The Victoria Cougars are a junior "B" ice hockey team based in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.
The NHL team purchased the dethroned Monarchs, moving the franchise to New Haven, Connecticut, where the team played as the Beast of New Haven.
The team was based in North Bay, Ontario.
They are members of the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League.
The team was named after a Captain Seaforth.
Energija Kemerovo is an ice hockey team in Kemerovo, Russia.
In 1982 they moved from Sherbrooke and were formerly the Sherbrooke Castors.
They are members of the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League.
The Chiefs won the Memorial Cup in 1991 and 2008.
They were members of the North Eastern Alberta Junior B Hockey League, and played their home games at Thorhild Agriplex.
They play in Canmore, Alberta, Canada at the Canmore Recreation Centre, capacity 1000.
The club was founded in 1921 and has won two SHL championships; in 1979 and 2007.
The Vancouver Griffins were a professional women's ice hockey team in the National Women's Hockey League.
The Eagles played from 1962 until 2003 when their franchise was bought by interests in Michigan and relocated.
East Hants Penguins are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team from East Hants, Nova Scotia.
The Thrashers hosted the 2007/2008 Provincial Championships and finished with a Silver medal.
USA Hockey purchased the facility from Peter Karmanos, renamed it the USA Hockey Arena and moved the NTDP to Plymouth.
They played at the Waterloo Memorial Arena in Waterloo, Ontario.
They play their home games at Centennial Civic Centre, which lies on 49 Avenue, one block into Saskatchewan.
The club repeated its success in the 1920s, winning the Stanley Cup in 1920, 1921, 1923 and 1927.
The Minnesota Owls were a Tier III Junior ice hockey team and member of the Minnesota Junior Hockey League.
The team name was picked from 6,600 entries in a name-the-team contest, and the team's mascot was an orange tornado.
The Manchester Monarchs were a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League.
Maurice Lambert is the team's president, Richard Petrowsky is the general manager and they are captained by defenceman Adam Nishi.
The Association des Sports de Glisse d'Angers is a French ice hockey team based in Angers playing in the Ligue Magnus.
Division titles won: 2000-01, 2003-04, 2004-05, 2005-06, 2006-07, 2007-08
The Hershey Bears are an American professional ice hockey team based in Hershey, Pennsylvania.
They play in the FFHG Division 1, the second level of ice hockey in France.
The Drumheller Dragons are an ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League.
Derek Clancey had another great season finishing with a team high 79 points, while Denny Felsner paced the team with 29 goals.
They competed in the NIHL South Division 1.
IK Comet Halden is an ice hockey club based in Halden, Norway.
The club has played in Hockeyettan, the third tier of Swedish men's ice hockey, since the 2013–14 season.
The Stars have made the playoffs nine of their first ten seasons, and won their second Clark Cup in 2003.
They play in the Northern Ontario Junior Hockey League and are former members of the Greater Metro Junior A Hockey League.
They also formerly played in the Southern Ontario Junior Hockey League of the Ontario Hockey Association.
The club currently plays in the Serbian Hockey League.
The Cougars played their home games in the International Amphitheatre.
They are a part of the Ontario Junior A Hockey League.
They are members of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League, a part of the Canadian Junior A Hockey League and Hockey Canada.
The team plays in Sweden's second-tier league HockeyAllsvenskan.
The EHC LIWEST Black Wings Linz are a member of the Austrian Erste Bank Eishockey Liga.
The Ice Bees, a team of junior girls competing in the EIHA women's U16 South Division
The club was founded in 2001 by members of the community when the area's previous hockey club, Kalix HF, was threatened with bankruptcy.
They are currently members of the English National Ice Hockey League, and have played in the North 2 division.
The team is not affiliated with the NHL Ottawa Senators.
Sorel were finalists in the eastern Canadian championship for the George Richardson Memorial Trophy, losing 3 games to 1 to the Montreal Junior Canadiens.
The logo was heavily inspired by the roller coaster's logo seen at the entrance to the ride.
They are members of the South Division of the Vancouver Island Junior Hockey League.
Backed by powerhouse defense from Eric Sarao & Darrell Interbartolo.
The top three ideas from the over 1000 entries were "Rebels", "Renegades", and "Centurions".
They played in the Ontario Junior Hockey League.
Miikka Kiprusoff has the most wins by a goaltender in a Calgary Flames uniform.
He was picked up later by Cincinnati for the remainder of the season, before being selected by the Oilers in the 1979 NHL Entry Draft.
They were formed in 2004 and play their home games at iceSheffield.
In 2012, Kennewick was awarded an expansion team to replace the Titans called the Tri-City Outlaws in the NorPac.
The club plays in the Pervaya Liga, the third level of ice hockey in Russia.
The Saguenay Fjord were an ice hockey team in Saguenay, Quebec.
Their host facility was the Ice Sports Arena Arena.
The Chicago Express was a professional ice hockey team located in Hoffman Estates, Illinois, serving the Chicago market.
Prior to the 2013–14 season, they played in the 2nd Bundesliga.
They were active from 1965 to 1985 and from 1999 to 2009.
Rapid Bucuresti was an ice hockey team in Bucharest, Romania.
They play in the Greater Metro Junior A Hockey League.
The Hockey Club Varese is an ice hockey team from Varese, Italy.
The Thedford Dirty Dogs are a senior hockey team based out of Thedford, Ontario, Canada.
The Peterborough Phantoms ice hockey club was founded in 2002.
They played their home games at Brennan Park Arena.
The team has previously played out of the Penrith Ice Palace and the Sydney Ice Arena.
On all three occasions they have been knocked out during the semifinals.
They are a part of the Quebec Junior Hockey League.
Donaldson and Roscetti were awarded a franchise in July 1999 and had only 3 months to put together a front office, coaching staff and team.
Marie Marlboros, also known as the Canadian Soo and Soo Algonquins, was a professional ice hockey team from Sault Ste.
Previously, the Bruins' top affiliates were the Hershey Bears of the AHL and the Oklahoma City Blazers of the Central Hockey League.
They played between the first and fourth level of German ice hockey from 1983-2005.
The Tottenham Steam are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based in Tottenham, Ontario, Canada.
This fresh look signifies a fresh start for the Ice.
League Championships won: 1970, 71, 72, 74, 80, 85, 87, 89
However, not long after Mileti closed on his repurchase, the National Hockey League's California Golden Seals moved to Cleveland and became the Cleveland Barons.
Founded in 1986, the Lancers play in Ralston, Nebraska, out of Ralston Arena.
The Val-d'Or Foreurs are a junior ice hockey team based in Val-d'Or, in the region of Abitibi-Témiscamingue, Quebec, Canada.
Drecktrah folded the Hounds after one season due to problems securing a lease with the Sears Centre in suburban Chicago.
The team was called Kloten Flyers between 2000 and 2016.
SC Bietigheim-Bissingen, also known as the Bietigheim Steelers, is a professional ice hockey team based in Bietigheim-Bissingen, Germany.
They are members of the Doug Birks Division of the Okanagan/Shuswap Conference of the Kootenay International Junior Hockey League.
The name has also been used for a team in the Ontario Minor Hockey Association.
The Calgary Canucks are a junior ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League.
The Rangers were the first NHL franchise in the United States to win the Stanley Cup, which they have done four times, most recently in 1993–94.
They play in the Inter-National League, the second level of ice hockey in Austria and Slovenia.
The Pittsburgh Penguins are a professional ice hockey team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The Vegreville Rangers are a Canadian Junior "B" Ice Hockey team based in Vegreville, Alberta, Canada.
The team was slated to play home games at the 1,000-seat Kennedy Recreation Center in Trenton, Michigan.
The Coyotes were founded on December 27, 1971, as the Winnipeg Jets of the World Hockey Association.
The Nordiques played in the World Hockey Association and the National Hockey League.
The club was based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and played most of its home games at the Spectrum.
The team was founded by Chris Collins in 2012 as the Bay Area Seals and played out of the Cow Palace in Daly City, California.
They were owned by QC Sports Ventures Inc., an ownership group based out of the Quad Cities.
The Seattle Metropolitans were a professional ice hockey team based in Seattle, Washington which played in the Pacific Coast Hockey Association from 1915 to 1924.
The Ponoka Stampeders are a Junior "B" Ice Hockey team based in Ponoka, Alberta, Canada.
They have played in Division 1 since the 2003-04 season.
In April 2006, the Richmond Coliseum's management announced that the RiverDogs had missed several opportunities to renew their lease for 2006–07, thus folding the franchise.
The Icebergs are members of the America East Hockey League.
Oji is a member of Asia League Ice Hockey.
For the season 2011–12 Slough were coached by Doug Sheppard who had joined the club a season earlier as a player.
The Sherbrooke Jets were a minor professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League, based in Sherbrooke, Quebec.
The Saints were league champions in 1986-87.
They played in Greensboro, North Carolina, at the Greensboro Coliseum.
Notable players for the Racers include Wayne Gretzky, Mark Messier, Pat Stapleton, Dave Keon, Michel Dion and Kim Clackson.
They play in the Liga Mexicana Élite.
It is Australia's second highest level of ice hockey, and acts as a bridge between junior leagues and the AIHL.
The Victoria Grizzlies are a junior "A" ice hockey team based in Victoria, British Columbia.
Stewart was given a coaching contract with the Florida team, which lost in the 2006 SPHL finals.
The North Bay Battalion is a major junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey League based in North Bay, Ontario, Canada.
Lohjan Jääankat, shorter Ankat were an ice hockey team which was founded in 1992 in lohja.
Home games were played at a converted equestrian facility known as The Show Place Arena in Upper Marlboro, Maryland.
The Sarnia Sting are a junior ice hockey team based in Sarnia, Ontario, Canada.
The Flyers play their home games at Fife Ice Arena in Kirkcaldy which has a capacity of just Over 3000.
The team's present head coach is Roy Johansen.
The St. Paul Canadiens are a Canadian Junior "B" Ice Hockey team based in St. Paul, Alberta, Canada.
Eleven former Centennials players have gone on to play in the National Hockey League.
They play in the Eastern Ontario Junior Hockey League.
The Bellingham Blazers are an Amateur Athletic Union-sanctioned Tier II junior ice hockey team in the Western States Hockey League.
Hokejsko Drsalni Klub Maribor, commonly referred to as HDK Maribor or simply Maribor, is an ice hockey club from Maribor, Slovenia.
The Verdun Maple Leafs was the name of three ice hockey clubs that existed in Verdun, Quebec, including a senior hockey team, and two junior teams.
The hockey club was registered in 1931 as KČT Lazy, named after the Lazy Coal Mine.
They played in Baltimore, Maryland, at the Baltimore Arena.
The Arthur Tigers were a Canadian senior hockey team based in Arthur, Ontario, Canada.
The team's mascot was Rowdy River Frog.
The team is currently owned and operated by Toledo Arena Sports, Inc.
When the league folded in 1963, the Junior A hockey program at the school also ended.
The organization plays home games at The Bog Ice Arena in Kingston, Massachusetts.
They will play their home games at Red Deer's Collicutt Centre on an interim basis until their new home is determined in the 2018-19 season.
They currently play in the Norwegian Third Division, the fourth level of Norwegian ice hockey.
This was after beating the Giants in double overtime in Game 7 of the WHL Finals two weeks earlier.
The original mustangs were Colonial Spanish horses, but many other breeds and types of horses contributed to the modern mustang, resulting in varying phenotypes.
USA Hockey programs support and develop players, coaches, officials, and facilities.
The Rockets won the Northern League in 1972-73 and 1981–82, the Scottish National League in 1981-82, and the British Championship in 1982.
The Adirondack Thunder are a professional ice hockey team in the ECHL that began play in the 2015–16 season.
Following the 1979 season, the franchise moved to Syracuse, New York, where the club played one final season as the Syracuse Firebirds before folding.
Södertälje were charter members of Elitserien when the league was founded in 1975 and have since played 24 seasons in the league.
They played in Cincinnati, Ohio at the Riverfront Coliseum.
The Forge were finalists in the Robertson Cup Tournament, the NAHL championship, during their inaugural season and were the first expansion team to do so.
They played at the Save-On-Foods Memorial Centre.
This period began with a WHL and Memorial Cup championship in 2001 when Doug Lynch scored the overtime winner against the Val-d'Or Foreurs.
The Lake Charles Ice Pirates were an American ice hockey team in Lake Charles, Louisiana.
The Charlotte Checkers were an American ice hockey team in Charlotte, North Carolina, and played in the ECHL.
The franchise exists today as the Virden Oil Capitals.
The team's best result in the regular season has been second place in the 2016 season.
In the Czech Republic, the club was promoted to the elite Czech Extraliga in 1996, after it won the promotion play-offs.
The team was affiliated with the Columbus Blue Jackets of the NHL and the Syracuse Crunch of the AHL.
The organization folded for financial reasons before the remaining teams in the WHA merged with the NHL in 1979.
Les Maroons de Lachine were a Canadian Junior ice hockey team from Lachine, Quebec, Canada.
The KHL Mladost organization puts a large emphasis on junior development.
Inaugurated in 2001–02, the Giants have won one President's Cup in 2006 and one Memorial Cup in 2007 in their 13-season history.
The Salem Raiders were coached by former Colorado Rockies coach Patrick Kelly, who led the Raiders to a league-best regular season record of 32-15-0.
The Columbus Checkers became defunct in the spring of 1970 due to low attendance.
They played in the Georgian Mid-Ontario Junior C Hockey League until 2016 when the league merged into the Provincial Junior Hockey League.
The team also previously played in the Ligue Magnus .
The Wheatley Sharks are a Canadian junior hockey team based in Wheatley, Ontario, Canada.
After two mediocre seasons in 1994 and 1995 the Skates returned to the playoffs in 1996 losing to the Vancouver Voodoo.
In the past, they were known as the Windsor Papetiers and the Windsor Lacroix.
Manglerud Star Ishockey, commonly known as Manglerud Star and abbreviated as MS, is a Norwegian ice hockey team based in Oslo, Norway.
The club was founded in 1998, and affiliated with Dynamo Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League in 2008.
In 1988–89, the Flames won their first and only championship.
The Miami Matadors were an ice hockey team in the East Coast Hockey League.
Marr, Ltd., and contested the 1967 Memorial Cup, which they lost to the Toronto Marlboros.
The Ice were the second Edmonton team to play in the WHL, preceded by two incarnations of the Edmonton Oil Kings from 1966–76 and 1977–78.
The Greensboro Generals were an ECHL team based in Greensboro, North Carolina that existed from 1999–2004.
They were last coached by Robert Dirk.
The Flint Firebirds are a major junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey League that began play for the 2015–16 season.
SaiPa has many nicknames, such as "The Sputniks", "Sputnik", "miracle of the East" and "East giant."
They are members of the Minor Hockey League, the top tier of junior hockey in the country.
The Kölner Haie are an ice hockey club based in Cologne, Germany that plays in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga.
The Red Deer Rustlers were a Junior A ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League based in Red Deer, Alberta.
The full name of the company operating the team is at present HC Ässät Pori Oy.
The Phantoms Deurne, also known as the Antwerp Phantoms are an ice hockey team in Deurne, Belgium.
The New York Bluefins were a professional hockey team in the Federal Hockey League based in New York.
The Chilliwack Chiefs were a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Chilliwack, British Columbia, Canada.
The team is inactive for the 2016-17 season due to financial difficulties.
All home games are webcast on HockeyTV.
The team is nicknamed Rytieri; it means Knights in English.
The Outaouais Jr. Académie are a Junior ice hockey team based in La Pêche, Quebec.
As the Woodsmen they were two-time Presidents Cup National Champions, two-time National Silver Medalists, two-time National Bronze Medalists, and seven-time Ontario Lacrosse Association Senior B Champions.
Bodens HF is an ice hockey team in Boden, Sweden.
The club became the center of a controversy among NHA owners leading to the NHA suspending operations and the owners forming the National Hockey League.
The Ducks have made the playoffs 13 times and won six Pacific Division titles, two Western Conference championships and one Stanley Cup.
The Moose Jaw Warriors are a major junior ice hockey team in the Western Hockey League based out of Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan.
The team plays its home games at Bell MTS Place, the home arena of its parent club, the National Hockey League's Winnipeg Jets.
The team, which suffered limited success and low attendance, lasted only one year before disbanding.
The Steelheads are named for a species of seagoing rainbow trout native to Idaho streams and rivers and popular with local anglers.
Their home arena is the Narva Jäähall which can contain up to 1500 spectators.
The Quad City Mallards were a professional ice hockey team competing in the United Hockey League.
Saimaan Pallo is an ice hockey team in the Finnish Liiga.
Rockin' Rollers staff member Rich Belhmer called it the saddest day in New Jersey roller hockey history.
White was used as an accent color, but is also considered to be an official color.
Even before its bankruptcy, Hammarby Hockey was searching for a place to run all of its professional and youth programs under one roof.
Their home ice was the Ottawa Civic Centre, but the team was a flop at the box office, averaging about 3,000 fans per game.
The Niagara Falls Canucks are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada.
The team plays their home games in Klagenfurt, Carinthia, Austria at Stadthalle Klagenfurt.
The Stingers played their home games at Bear Mountain Arena.
Throughout their history, the team has developed heated rivalries with the Vancouver Giants and the Seattle Thunderbirds.
They have won 2 league championships since their founding in 2010.
Urartu Yerevan is an ice hockey team in Yerevan, Armenia.
The Nepean Raiders are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team from Nepean, Ontario, Canada.
The Maroons were the 1970 Western Ontario Junior A Champions and 1973 Southern Ontario Junior A Champions.
After being relegated in 2001, the team has played in Division 1, the third tier of ice hockey in Sweden.
IFK Ore is a Swedish ice hockey club, named after Oresjön, the lake on which the club's home town of Furudal is situated.
They are members of the Eddie Mountain Division of the Kootenay Conference of the Kootenay International Junior Hockey League.
They played in the All-American Hockey League from 1986-1989.
The team relocated to Louisville, Kentucky in 1957, becoming the Louisville Rebels.
After a team-naming contest, they were renamed the Kingfish in honor of legendary Louisiana governor and U.S.
It is Australia's second highest level of ice hockey, and acts as a bridge between junior leagues and the AIHL.
They play in the Danish Division 1, the second level of ice hockey in Denmark.
After its inaugural season, the team was known as the New York Golden Blades and eventually relocated to Cherry Hill, New Jersey, becoming the Jersey Knights.
They are members of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League.
The full name of the club is Joensuun Kiekko ry.
Part of the rebirth of MLRH, the Power were the first American announced for the 2009 MLRH season.
The Aces were Allan Cup champions in 1944, while still playing as an amateur team.
The Quebec Citadelles were an ice hockey team in the American Hockey League.
The team's home arena is the Neftekhimik Ice Palace, and they are affiliated with the Kontinental Hockey League team HC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk.
They play in the Danish national league and won the Danish league championship in 1981.
The team was coached by Shawn Antoski and managed by Curtis Trimble.
They play in the Central Division of the VHL.
The next professional team to try it was the NHL's Buffalo Sabres in 2006, the only current NHL team to feature front numbers.
They also participated in the Superliga Espanola de Hockey Hielo, the top level Spanish league in 2007-08 and 2008-09.
For their first 14 seasons, the club played their home games at the Mutual Street Arena, before moving to Maple Leaf Gardens in 1931.
The sponsorship from the Culliton brothers ended in 2016, bringing the name "Warriors" back to the city.
The Maroons were operated by Neil McNeil Catholic Secondary School in Scarborough, Ontario.
Hockey Club Ambrì-Piotta is a Swiss professional ice hockey club and a member of the National League.
The St. Catharines Falcons were a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey Association from 1943 to 1947.
They were members of the Okanagan Division of the Okanagan/Shuswap of the Kootenay International Junior Hockey League and were part of the Okanagan Hockey Academy.
The Lightning has one Stanley Cup championship in their history, in 2003–04.
They were founded in 1914, and have won fourteen national titles.
The Peguis Juniors are a Junior 'B' ice hockey team based in Fisher River, Manitoba.
The name of the town is Renon in the Italian language.
Enköpings SK HK is an ice hockey club located in the Swedish city of Enköping.
They played in the Western Junior C Hockey League.
The Lumberjacks are one of seven sanctioned sports at Dakota College at Bottineau, a member of the National Junior College Athletic Association.
They play in the Pervaya Liga, the third level of Russian ice hockey.
Before the season ended, the City of Ottawa demanded a payment of $100,000 to secure dates for the following season.
Hockey Club Saryarka, commonly referred as Saryarka Karagandy, is a professional ice hockey team based in Karagandy, Kazakhstan.
This came after other AHL teams based in New Brunswick tried to compete for the cup and lost.
Nidaros Hockey is an ice hockey team in Trondheim, Norway.
The Ice played in the Eastern Conference/Division of the United States Hockey League.
The team was previously known as the Hensall Sherwoods, but relocated to Exeter in the summer of 2007.
The Mount Forest Patriots are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based in Mount Forest, Ontario, Canada.
Ultimately, the franchise relocated to Dallas for the 1993–94 NHL season.
The Connecticut Oilers are a Junior Tier III ice hockey team from Hamden, Connecticut, playing in the Eastern Hockey League.
The team has won 7 Mestis championships.
They have qualified for the Kelly Cup playoffs for 9 out of their 12 seasons of play as the Gladiators.
It is one of the founding and current members of the Asia League Ice Hockey.
Frölunda have won the national championship title four times, in 1965, 2003, 2005 and 2016.
Královští Lvi still exists as a youth team of Mountfield HK, but it doesn't have a men's team.
The Lightning Hockey Club is a Tier III junior ice hockey team in the United States Premier Hockey League Premier Division.
The Lumberjacks play their home games at the 800-seat Bottineau Community Arena, also referred to as the Lumberdome.
They play in the Maritime Junior Hockey League.
In 2002, the franchise suspended operations and moved to Duluth, Georgia for the 2003–04 season.
Several local attempts have been made by local residents to revive or bring a new ice hockey team to Tallahassee; none have proved to be successful.
This defunct hockey team was a part of the Metro Junior A Hockey League and Ontario Provincial Junior A Hockey League.
The team was based in Windsor, Ontario.
The Beaver Valley Nitehawks are a junior 'B' ice hockey team based in Fruitvale, British Columbia, Canada.
They play in Cedar Park, Texas, near Austin.
The Éperviers play at the Colisée Cardin.
They play in the Maritime Junior A Hockey League.
The team name came from the breed of chicken known as the Rhode Island Red.
The Nottingham Panthers have won four league titles, five Championships, six Autumn Cups and eight Challenge Cups during their history.
The Panthers lasted only two years before relocating again to Calgary to become the Calgary Chinooks.
The team had been known as the Granby Bisons, but changed their name to the Prédateurs in 1995.
They are members of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League, which is a member of the Canadian Junior Hockey League.
However, Lane resigned his position on June 18, 2015.
Whitley Warriors are an ice hockey team based in Whitley Bay in the north east of England.
They play in the Ontario Hockey Association's Major League Hockey.
The Chicago Blaze was a professional hockey team based in Rolling Meadows, Illinois.
HC Kometa Brno is a professional ice hockey team based in Brno, Czech Republic.
The name of the organization comes from the region of South Carolina in which Florence is located, known as the "Pee Dee" region.
Manglerud play their home games at Manglerudhallen.
The Ice Bears are coached by Mike Craigen, currently in his 5th season as head coach.
Most notably, under head coach Pat Kelly, the Comets posted a 315–208–64 record over eight seasons.
They are members of the Eddie Mountain Division of the Kootenay Conference of the Kootenay International Junior Hockey League.
Reaktor is a minor ice hockey club from Nizhnekamsk, Tatarstan, Russia.
A strong local rivalry exists with the SCL Tigers, SC Bern, EHC Olten, and HC Ajoie.
IK Pantern is an ice hockey club based in Malmö, Sweden.
The team was founded in 2006 after the Halmstad Hammers HC who at the time played in the HockeyAllsvenskan went bankrupt.
"Terry got his and I never did.
Although the Blues weren't always winners on the ice, they brought an exciting brand of hockey to Kansas City.
The Bakersfield Jr. Condors were an USA Hockey-sanctioned Junior A Tier III ice hockey team based out of Bakersfield, California.
The team played in the Belgian Hockey League.
Mora has previously played 25 seasons in the top tier of the Swedish ice hockey system, including four seasons in Elitserien.
The Sarnia are a defunct Canadian semi-professional and amateur senior ice hockey team.
They played in the Quebec Semi-Pro Hockey League from 1997-2002.
The 'Generals' name was originally used by the city's Eastern Hockey League and Southern Hockey League franchises.
The Rochester Mustangs were an American junior A ice hockey team that was located in Rochester, Minnesota.
The Mohawks won an IHL-record five consecutive Turner Cup Championships starting with the 1952–53 season and ending with the 1956–57 season.
It was founded in 1911, and has sections for association football, ice hockey, skiing and cycling.
Both Pirates' junior team, Paisley Wildcats, followed by the Pirates themselves were dissolved.
The franchise was founded in 1967 as one of the first expansion teams during the league's original expansion from six to twelve teams.
The Americans' team colors are red, white and blue.
The Rock relocated multiple times, spending time in King, Nobleton, Lefroy, and Markdale, Ontario.
The team has been in Portland since 1976–77.
is a major sports club in Ankara, Turkey.
Initially announced in May 2005 as a Junior B team, the Catahoulas were promoted to Junior A Tier III in August 2007.
It existed alongside the other HC CSKA Moscow club from 1996-2002.
They won the Scottish National League during the 2008–09 season.
Coreen Zubersky is the team's president, Pete Zubersky is the General Manager and Rob Mortin is the Head Coach
They play in the Empire B Junior C Hockey League of the Ontario Hockey Association.
The team is part of the Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey.
This is partially due to nervousness after the Czech U18 team was relegated and the Slovak U20 team came very close.
The Granby Predateurs were a semi-professional ice hockey team in Granby, Quebec.
Based in North Adams, Massachusetts, the Battalion played at the Peter W. Foote Vietnam Veterans Memorial Skating Rink.
In 2011, the American West Division of the NorPac league broke away to form the American West Hockey League.
The Canucks have retired four players' jerseys in their history—Stan Smyl, Trevor Linden, Markus Naslund and Pavel Bure; all but Bure have served as team captain.
The Manitoba Maple Leafs are a professional women's ice hockey team in the Western Women's Hockey League.
The team only lasted 28 games and won two games.
The Steelheads play in the Mountain Division of the ECHL's Western Conference in 2016–17.
The team was founded in 2007, however, there was a different team in Litoměřice, operating from the 1970s up to the 1990s.
They finished with a record of 1 win and 19 losses, with 12 goals for and 271 goals against during the 2005-06 season.
Warriors played at the highest level of British ice hockey for much of their history but currently play in the third tier, National Ice Hockey League.
The Hartford Whalers were an American professional ice hockey team based for most of its existence in Hartford, Connecticut.
The Six-Guns were forced to look to other National Hockey League teams for players.
They were members of the South Division of the Vancouver Island Junior Hockey League.
They kept the original colors from the name Aces; red and black being the colors of the suits in a deck of cards.
They play in at the Porin jäähalli in Isomäki.
Founded during 1967 in Swift Current, Saskatchewan, the Broncos played seven seasons before relocating to Lethbridge from 1974 to 1986 as the Lethbridge Broncos.
They played in the Oberliga, the third level of German ice hockey.
They play in the Oberliga, the third level of German ice hockey.
The IceHogs were owned by Tri Vision Sports, LLC prior to acquisition by the Rockford MetroCentre.
The Perth Sharks are an Australian junior ice hockey team based in Perth, Western Australia playing in the Australian Junior Ice Hockey League.
The Flint Spirits were a professional hockey team in Flint, Michigan from 1985 to 1990, and played their home games at the IMA Sports Arena.
Gatineau Hull-Volant is a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based in Gatineau, Quebec.
The Portland Jr. Pirates were a Tier III Jr. A ice hockey playing in the United States Premier Hockey League.
The "IceRays" moniker derives from the many different species of stingrays who inhabit the nearby Gulf of Mexico.
The Wisconsin Wilderness were an American Junior ice hockey team based in Spooner, Wisconsin.
The team took a one year hiatus for the 1942–43 season.
The Oswego Stampede are a Tier III Junior A ice hockey team in the North American 3 Hockey League.
The Jets moved to Phoenix on July 1, 1996, and were renamed the Phoenix Coyotes.
They compete in the National Ice Hockey League.
The Rockies have won the KIJHL Championship three times, in 1988, 1989 and 1990.
HC Rybinsk is an ice hockey team in Rybinsk, Russia.
In their second year the Trashers won the Eastern Division and in the playoffs advanced to the finals.
They are members of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League.
They played in the Quebec Semi-Pro Hockey League under three different names from 1996-2004.
The Thunder Bay Bombers were a Canadian Senior ice hockey team from Thunder Bay, Ontario.
David Webb is the team's president and general manager, Joey Ewing is the coach and they are captained by defenseman Derian Hamilton.
In 2017, the B-Sens' franchise was relocated by the Ottawa Senators to become the Belleville Senators.
The Regals are 3-time Allan Cup National Senior "AAA" Champions and 1-time Hardy Cup National Intermediate "A" Champions.
After the Dayton Gems of the Central Hockey League ceased operations, the Demonz were created as an expansion team in the FHL.
The Lynx have won the Razzy's PEI Junnior C league title on three occasions in 2015, 2016 and 2017.
The club became the Granby Blitz for the 1997-98 season.
As the Winnipeg Braves, they won the 1959 Memorial Cup as National Junior Hockey champions.
They play in the Western Ontario Athletic Association Senior Hockey League.
The team was established in 1965 and the full name of the club is KooKoo Hockey Oy.
The Durham Huskies were a Canadian Junior "A" ice hockey team from the town of Durham, Ontario, Canada.
Financial difficulties resulting from the Great Depression led to the Maroons suspending play after 1938.
The team played in Wings Stadium and was affiliated with the National Hockey League's Detroit Red Wings, Minnesota North Stars, and the Dallas Stars.
The Hamilton Szabos were a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey Association for one season in 1946-1947, and were previously called the Hamilton Whizzers.
They are members of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League.
They are the affiliate of the Utica Comets of the American Hockey League and Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League.
The Beacons departed in 2005 to become the Roanoke Valley Vipers.
The team plays its home games at the O'Brien Group Arena in Melbourne, which was completed in 2010.
McGregor would also serve as the Wranglers' team president.
For a period of time the Louisville Icehawk's parent team/NHL Affiliate were the Pittsburgh Penguins.
The club took their various names from the rinks they played in.
The team was based in Philadelphia and Vancouver, known in both markets as the Blazers, before relocating to Calgary.
Arlan Hockey Club, commonly referred as Arlan Kokshetau, is a professional ice hockey team based in Kokshetau, Kazakhstan.
The HC Nikkō Ice Bucks are an Asia League Ice Hockey team based in Nikkō, Tochigi, Japan.
Kazzinc-Torpedo is the most crowned Kazakhstan team, with 13 championship wins.
A member of the American Hockey League, they play their home games at the XL Center.
The Sherwood Metros are a Canadian Junior C ice hockey team located in Sherwood, Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island.
The Vaughan Stars were a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based in Vaughan, Ontario, Canada.
The team was owned and operated by Maple Leaf Gardens Limited, and served as a farm team for the Toronto Maple Leafs.
To that end the Winchester Hawks established an affiliation with the Nepean Raiders.
EHC Dortmund Die Elche was an ice hockey team in Dortmund, Germany.
After their relegation in 1978, they remained in the lower levels of Swedish hockey until the club filed for bankruptcy and was dissolved in 1997.
The club was founded April 20, 1971.
The Fort Frances Lakers are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based in Fort Frances, Ontario, Canada.
The nickname comes from the baseball team also based in the city.
They played in the Ontario Junior Hockey League, Midwestern Junior B Hockey League, and Mid-Ontario Junior C Hockey League.
They were known as the Romford Raiders when they were based at the Romford Ice Arena in the London Borough of Havering.
Cooper Smeaton was also a member of the 1909–10 team.
The Lansing Lancers were a professional ice hockey team playing in the International Hockey League.
The Shelburne Stars were a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Shelburne, Ontario, Canada.
The Los Angeles Sharks were an ice hockey team that played in the World Hockey Association from 1972 to 1974.
The Timmins Rock are a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Timmins, Ontario, Canada.
The team was originally the Calgary Centennials.
SDYuShOR Sokil-90 Kyiv was an ice hockey team in Kyiv, Ukraine.
They played in the Southern Hockey League from 1975-1977.
During their first eight seasons the Panthers played in the English National League.
The team was based in Guelph, Ontario, Canada and played home games at the Guelph Memorial Gardens.
The IceGators were brought back by local businessman Danny Smith.
The Chilliwack Bruins of the major junior Western Hockey League relocated to become the Victoria Royals and the two teams could not simultaneously operate.
They played at Edmonton Gardens in Edmonton, Alberta, and later Northlands Coliseum.
They have won the Finnish championship once, in 1963.
They were two-time Memorial Cup and Turnbull Cup champions.
They were a farm team for HK Jesenice from 1999 to 2012, when HK Jesenice was dissolved.
On November 10, after a 2-10 start to the season, head coach Kurt Kleinendorst was fired and replaced by John Torchetti.
The current edition of the Sudbury Wolves is a junior ice hockey team that play in the Ontario Hockey League.
They are members of the Doug Birks Division of the Okanagan/Shuswap Conference of the Kootenay International Junior Hockey League.
Since 2014, the club's home rink is the Tondiraba Ice Hall.
The club is one of the most successful in Germany, having won sixteen national titles, its last championship coming in 1973.
They are a part of the Quebec Junior AAA Hockey League.
The Tacoma Sabercats were an American professional minor league ice hockey team based in Tacoma, Washington.
Before the 2002-03 season, they moved to Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Quebec.
The Cleveland Indians was a professional ice hockey team in Cleveland, Ohio, that played home games in the Elysium Arena.
The Brooklyn Aces are a defunct minor professional ice hockey team that played the 2008-09 season in the Eastern Professional Hockey League.
They have won three Finnish Championships in ice hockey, and several other medals — most recently silver in 2006.
The Winterhawks split their home games between the Moda Center and the Memorial Coliseum.
However, following that season the Plymouth Whalers of the OHL relocated, freeing up the what was then known as the Compuware Arena.
Based in Bloomington, Illinois, the Thunder played their home games at the U.S. Cellular Coliseum, located in downtown Bloomington.
The team plays its home games at Western Financial Place, also nicknamed the RecPlex.
The Bracknell Hornets are an Ice Hockey Team from Bracknell.
The Niagara Fury were an independent junior ice hockey team in the Continental Junior Hockey League.
The elite department of the team was formerly known as Tønsberg Vikings, but struggling economy forced that department to withdraw from the league in August 2016.
In the 1995–96 season, the team was renamed and moved to Florida to become the Jacksonville Lizard Kings.
Ratinger Lowen was an ice hockey team in Ratingen, Germany founded in 1979.
The team played its home games in Mid Scarborough & Malvern Arena at Scarborough, in Ontario.
The Oilers subsequently joined the NHL in 1979 as one of four franchises introduced through the NHL merger with the WHA.
They played at the Tacoma Dome in Tacoma, Washington.
In 1992, another Birmingham hockey franchise was founded that used the Bulls name, the Birmingham Bulls of the East Coast Hockey League.
The Toronto St. Patricks were a professional men's ice hockey team which began playing in the National Hockey League in 1919.
Prior to the 2013–14 season they played in the 2nd Bundesliga.
As of 2016, it is the only team GET-ligaen in western Norway.
The club ceased to exist from 1992 when their home ice rink, Richmond Ice Rink, was demolished to make way for flats overlooking the River Thames.
They play their home games at Budapest Icecenter, located in Budapest.
It plays in the Serie A2, the second level of Italian ice hockey.
The Windsor Royals are a defunct Canadian Junior ice hockey club from Windsor, Nova Scotia.
Widnes Wild  are an English ice hockey team from the town of Widnes who play at Silver Blades Ice Rink in Widnes.
The team is owned by Bill and Denise Burke
They were the first ice hockey team representing Canada to wear a red maple leaf on their uniform.
The Aces were founded in 1928 by Anglo-Canadian Pulp and Paper Mills, the name Aces standing for Anglo-Canadian Employees with an s to form a plural.
Kramfors-Alliansen is a sports club in Kramfors, Sweden.
They previously played their home games in the Metrapark which had a max capacity of 9,000 for hockey games.
There was also a Central Hockey League team with a similar name, the Indianapolis Capitols, which also played in the Pepsi Coliseum in 1963.
The mascot was called Tommy Hawk, a play on tomahawk, and resembled The San Diego Chicken, but with coloration and costume matching the team's.
Larry Kish coached the first three seasons, followed by Ron Low in the fourth season.
The Rebels had their first sell-out game at the Centrium on January 9, 1993.
Their home arena is the Njurunda ishall, which opened in 1986.
Goaltender Norm Defelice played 10 games with the Boston Bruins in 1956–57, and had a long career in the Eastern Hockey League.
The Dorchester Dolphins are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Dorchester, Ontario, Canada.
The Cornwall Aces won two division titles during their three-year stay in Cornwall.
They are members of the Northern Ontario Junior Hockey League and play their home games at the Elliot Lake Centennial Arena.
The Port Huron Flags were a minor league professional ice hockey team located in Port Huron, Michigan.
They play in Olds, Alberta, Canada at the Olds & District Sports Complex, capacity 2200.
Giguère played six games for Hamburg and posted a .925 save percentage, with a goals against average of 2.39.
They are members of the Central Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League.
Regular Season titles won: 2008-09, 2009-10, 2010-11, 2013-14, 2014-15
For the current NAHL franchise of same name, see: Odessa Jackalopes.
The Brantford Smoke were a professional ice hockey team in the Colonial Hockey League, later the United Hockey League, now known as the International Hockey League.
Based in Norfolk, Virginia and affiliated with the National Hockey League's Nashville Predators, the team plays its home games at the Norfolk Scope.
The Kalamazoo Wings, nicknamed the K-Wings, are a mid-level professional ice hockey team in Kalamazoo, Michigan.
The Kansas City Outlaws were a professional ice hockey team which played in the United Hockey League for the 2004-2005 season.
They were a part of the Ontario Provincial Junior A Hockey League and the Metro Junior B Hockey League.
The Thoroughblades were based in Lexington, Kentucky, playing home games at Rupp Arena.
Thirty-nine former Hitmen players have gone on to play in the National Hockey League.
The team's home ice was the Philadelphia Convention Hall and Civic Center.
They play in the First Division with Gjøvik Olympic Cavern Hall as their home arena.
In July 2009, Alltel Arena officially became Verizon Arena after Verizon Wireless, Inc. purchased Alltel Corp.
The Tacoma Rockets were a junior ice hockey team in the Western Hockey League from 1991 to 1995.
They initially played at the small 500 capacity Sheffield Ice Sports Centre, and became a senior side in the 1990s, playing in the ENIHL.
HK Orange 20 is an ice hockey team, which plays in the Slovak Extraliga.
Villars won the league title in 1963 and 1964.
The Shawville Pontiacs are a Junior "B" team based out of Shawville, Quebec.
The Richmond Renegades ceased operations at the end of the 2008–2009 season.
The NHL did not return to Denver until the Quebec Nordiques moved there to become the Colorado Avalanche following the 1994–95 season.
They play their games at Gosport Ice Arena.
IHC Leuven, is an ice hockey team in Leuven, Belgium.
They were a member of the American Hockey League between 1949 and 1952.
Kumla played in Sweden's second-tier league, Allsvenskan, as recently as the 2000–01 season.
Kalix UHC, or Kalix ungdomshockeyclub, is a Swedish ice hockey club based in Kalix in northern Sweden.
The Billingham Stars are an ice hockey team from the town of Billingham in the borough of Stockton-on-Tees in County Durham.
HC Benátky nad Jizerou is an ice hockey team in Benátky nad Jizerou, Czech Republic.
HC Chelmet Chelyabinsk is an ice hockey team in Chelyabinsk, Russia.
The club was a farm team of HDD Olimpija Ljubljana until 2017, when HDD Olimpija folded due to bankruptcy.
The franchise elected not to participate in the 2017-18 Heritage Junior B Hockey League season.
The Toledo Walleye is a professional hockey team based in Toledo, Ohio.
The Selkirk Steelers are a Canadian Junior "A" ice hockey team from Selkirk, Manitoba, Canada.
The team plays their homes games in Duncan McNeill Arena, which has a seating capacity of 1,200.
During their lone season in existence, the Shamrocks finished in fourth place in the West Division behind the Detroit Olympics, Cleveland Falcons, and Windsor Bulldogs.
They are a part of the East division of the Ontario Junior Hockey League, a member of the Canadian Junior Hockey League.
Established in 1999, the team was owned by Delaware Valley Sports Group LLC, a local ownership group.
They were founded in 1979, and play in the FFHG Division 1, the second level of French ice hockey.
They play their home games at Peace Memorial Multiplex.
They are members of the St. John's Junior Hockey League and are 2009 Don Johnson Cup Maritime Junior B champions.
They play in the Maritime Junior A Hockey League.
They play in the Central Canada Hockey League Tier 2, formerly known as the Eastern Ontario Junior Hockey League.
In 1985–86, the Flames became the first Calgary team since the 1923–24 Tigers to compete for the Stanley Cup.
In 1963, coached by Jim Gregory, the Maroons lost to the Niagara Falls Flyers in the finals.
HIFK's general manager starting from May 1, 2008, is Jukka Valtanen.
The Muskegon Lumberjacks were an International Hockey League team based in Muskegon, Michigan.
The Malmö Redhawks, also known simply as Malmö or by their former abbreviation MIF, are a Swedish professional ice hockey club based in Malmö.
The Lethbridge Longhorns were a junior "A" ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League based in Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada.
In 2001, the franchise played its inaugural season in Atlantic City after relocating from Birmingham, Alabama, where it was known as the Birmingham Bulls.
As of 2010, it was the only indoor football team within the proximity of the New York metropolitan area in 2010.
They were the last non-Original Six team to win the Stanley Cup until the expansion Philadelphia Flyers won in 1974.
Murray had played in the NHL with the New York Americans.
They were a part of the Superior International Junior Hockey League.
Following the culmination of the 2016–17 season, the Swindon Wildcats announced their intention to join the National Ice Hockey League.
They have the highest winning percentage in ECHL history and hold six other ECHL records.
As of the 2013–14 season, Nacka plays in group D of Division 1, the third tier of ice hockey in Sweden.
They won the Colonial Cup in 1997, 1998 and 2001, and the Tarry Cup in 1998, 2000, 2001 and 2002.
They play in the Empire B Junior C Hockey League but are former original members of the Greater Metro Junior 'A' Hockey League.
The Rockets played for three seasons in American Hockey League from 1946 to 1949.
The Orangeville Ice Crushers are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based in Orangeville, Ontario, Canada.
The Wilderness played in the Canadian-based Superior International Junior Hockey League.
The CHA merged into the National Hockey Association on 15 January 1910.
In 1996, the Steelheads were announced as a 1997–98 expansion team by Diamond Sports Management, headed by Cord Pereira.
The franchise originated as the Mobile Mysticks in 1995.
One year later, the Falcons would take a three year leave of absence.
Division of the Western Conference in the Western Hockey League.
The Millionaires/Maroons succeeded as PCHA champions six times and won the Stanley Cup once, in 1915, against the Ottawa Senators of the NHA.
The team played in the West Division starting in the 2009–2010 season.
The team was composed mainly of ex-Ottawa "Silver Seven/Senators" Hockey Club players—a team that played in the competing Eastern Canada Hockey Association that same season.
The Ottawa Senators were a professional ice hockey team based in Ottawa, Canada which existed from 1883 to 1954.
A team specifically for girls under the age of 16 years.
The club's colors are fire red and night blue.
The Pittsburgh Penguins have served the market since.
HC Merano is an ice hockey team in Merano, Italy.
Majadahonda HC is an ice hockey team in Majadahonda, Spain.
They are currently playing in the Belgian Hockey League, the top level of ice hockey in Belgium.
The origin of the name Osoyoos was the word sẁiẁs meaning "narrowing of the waters" in the local Okanagan language.
The Knoxville Cherokees were an East Coast Hockey League team based in Knoxville, Tennessee.
They have won one Meistriliiga championship since their founding in 2001.
Prior to 2015, their league was known as the Eastern Ontario Junior Hockey League of the Ottawa District Hockey Association.
Richibucto Bears were a Canadian Junior ice hockey team from Richibucto, New Brunswick.
Between August and April of each season, the team plays a 40-50 game regular season schedule and post-season playoffs.
Their first Coach was Adam Greener and their star player, Zoran Kozic, formally of Yale University and team Yugoslavia in World Championship games.
The New Brunswick Hawks were a professional ice hockey team based in Moncton, New Brunswick.
This defunct hockey team was a part of the Ontario Provincial Junior A Hockey League.
The New York Americans, colloquially known as the Amerks, were a professional ice hockey team based in New York City, New York from 1925 to 1942.
The Brandon Wheat Kings are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Brandon, Manitoba.
The team colours are red and white.
Regular season titles won: 1989-90, 1999-00, 2005-06
Four of the clubs are based in Sydney and one is based in Newcastle.
The team played in the Federal Amateur Hockey League, the Eastern Canada Amateur Hockey Association, the National Hockey Association and briefly the National Hockey League.
The team was briefly known as the Kingston Raiders in 1988–89, and as the Frontenacs ever since.
It has been several times in the top Swiss hockey leagues National League A and National League B but is now playing in the Premier League.
The Saint-Georges Cool FM 103.5 is a professional hockey team based in Saint-Georges, Quebec, Canada.
The Sackville Blazers are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team from Lower Sackville, Nova Scotia.
The Sheffield Bears are a university ice hockey club from Sheffield, England who have teams in BUIHA divisions 1, 2 and 3.
The team's last coach was Randy Murphy.
Borlänge Hockeyförening or Borlänge HF is a Swedish ice hockey club located in Borlänge.
The Baton Rouge Kingfish were a minor professional ice hockey team in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, as a member of the East Coast Hockey League.
For information on the defunct PDL franchise, see Omaha Flames; for the future North American League team, see Omaha Flame.
They participated in Division-A of the former semi-professional Ukrainian Major League.
Home games are broadcast online by the team of Braden Malsbury and Curtis Skalicky.
The Bulldogs replaced the American Hockey League team of the same name, also formerly owned by Andlauer.
The new Renegades replaced the United Hockey League Richmond RiverDogs, who relocated to suburban Chicago for the 2006–07 season to become the Chicago Hounds.
While enrolled in the NTDP, players stay with billet families.
Slavia played in the Extraliga from 1994 until 2015, winning the national championship in 2003 and 2008.
The North Stars were Allan Cup champions in 2003.
They are currently the top affiliate of the Colorado Avalanche of the NHL after signing a 5-year affiliation deal prior to the 2015–16 season.
The Red Wings were founded in 1932 making them one of the oldest teams still in operation.
They play in the Pervaya Liga, the third level of Russian ice hockey.
The team formed in 1995, playing their home games at the then newly built NYNEX Arena, but they folded during the 2002-03 season.
The team moved to Connellsville in May 2014; prior to the move, the team was known as the Port Huron Fighting Falcons.
They play in Syracuse, New York, at the Oncenter War Memorial Arena.
They are a part of the British Columbia Hockey League.
They participated in the Superliga Espanola de Hockey Hielo from 1976–1979.
From 1997 until 2012, the team was known as the Pittsburgh Jr. Penguins.
One of the first organized ice hockey clubs, the club debuted in 1878 with the opening of the Quebec Skating Rink.
The Okotoks Bisons are a Junior "B" Ice Hockey team based in Okotoks, Alberta, Canada.
The Trax were one of eight minor league hockey teams purchased or founded by real estate mogul David Waronker starting in 2003.
The team is notable for being a founding member of the National Hockey Association, the predecessor to the National Hockey League.
The London Racers was a British ice hockey club based in London, England formerly members of the Elite Ice Hockey League.
Based in Roanoke, Virginia, the Rail Yard Dawgs plays their home games at Berglund Center.
The Char-Lan Rebels are a Junior ice hockey team based out of Williamstown, Ontario.
This has become somewhat of a historical footnote as Howe was deemed ineligible to play for the team following that game.
They play in the Heritage Junior B Hockey League, from the Medicine Hat Kinplex.
The Jr. Blackhawks play their home games at the Kasabuski Memorial Ice Arena.
They played at the Four Seasons Arena.
Djurgården also has a supporters' club called Järnkaminerna, which it shares with the football department.
For the 16th time in a row, the club is the most attended team in Europe for the 2016–17 season, averaging 16,399 spectators.
Unable to establish a strong fan base in Vancouver, the team was moved again in 1975 to become the Calgary Cowboys.
The Owen Sound Attack are a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey League based in Owen Sound, Ontario, Canada.
The Brookings Blizzard is a Tier II Junior A ice hockey team in the North American Hockey League's Central Division.
The Citadels, named after the Halifax Citadel military fort, were affiliated with the Quebec Nordiques National Hockey League team.
They are a part of the Northern Ontario Junior Hockey League.
The team participates in the Turkish Hockey SuperLig.
The Solent Devils are an English ice hockey team based in Gosport, Hampshire.
They are members of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League.
Primorye Ussuriysk is an ice hockey team in Ussuriysk, Russia.
The team is officially known as the GMB Nottingham Panthers due to a sponsorship agreement with the GMB union.
The Jamestown Vikings were a professional ice hockey team that played in the now defunct Mid-Atlantic Hockey League.
The Cougars are the defending 2017 Royal Bank Cup National Junior A champions.
in Istanbul, Turkey founded by the Municipality of Zeytinburnu district in 2010.
The Keystone Ice Miners were a Junior A Tier II ice hockey team based at The Ice Mine arena in Connellsville, Pennsylvania.
They played during the early part of the 20th century.
The team is the fifth hockey team in San Diego to use the Gulls name.
The team was relocated to Huntington from Grand Rapids, Michigan where they played as the Grand Rapids Rockets.
The Denver Invaders were a minor pro ice hockey team that played in Denver, Colorado in the Western Hockey League during the 1963-1964 season.
They are part of the U.S. Division of the Western Conference in the Western Hockey League.
The traditional ice hockey club was founded at 1929.
The Moncton Hawks were a professional ice hockey team based in Moncton, New Brunswick.
They play their home games at Eagles Ice-A-Rena.
They play in the Spanish League and their home arena is the Club Poliesportiu Puigcerdà.
The Lakers play in the United States Premier Hockey League Elite Division.
The Liverpool Privateers are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team from Liverpool, Nova Scotia .
The Caledonia Corvairs are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Caledonia, Ontario, Canada.
They played in Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta, Canada, at the Jubilee Recreation Centre, capacity 2000.
The Atlantic City Boardwalk Bullies were an ECHL hockey team in Atlantic City, New Jersey from 2001 to 2005.
The 2012–13 season was their inaugural season in Whitecourt.
The sponsorship lasted for three seasons, with Galt finishing near the top of the league each year.
They play their home games at Princeton & District Multipurpose Arena.
The women's senior-level ice hockey team formerly played in the Canadian Women's Hockey League, until 2010.
Following the 2014-15 season the Maroon franchise was sold to investors of the Gatineau Mustangs.
Dinamo-Raubichi Minsk is an ice hockey team based in Minsk, Belarus.
His catch phrase for Blazers same-day game radio ads was "Let's play hockey...
Yavir Yavoriv is an ice hockey team in Yavoriv, Ukraine, that is currently playing in the Western Ukrainian Amateur Hockey League.
Founded and established by Ottawa real estate developer Bruce Firestone, the team is the second NHL franchise to use the Ottawa Senators name.
The club's home rink is the Škoda Arena.
CPM Croix was an ice hockey team in Croix, France.
In their first season, the Trashers set a league record for penalty minutes.
In the 2004–05 season, the Capitals claimed their first Austrian Championship in defeating EC KAC.
The Evansville IceMen were a professional hockey team based in Evansville, Indiana.
They are in the Eastern Division of the Ontario Junior Hockey League and used to be a part of the Metro Junior A Hockey League.
The club eventually went professional and played one season in the National Hockey Association, the predecessor of today's National Hockey League.
At the end of the 2005/2006 season SaPKo finally gained promotion back to the second tier, Mestis.
They moved into their new arena, PPG Paints Arena, to begin the 2010–11 season.
Goaltender Dan Bouchard led the team in wins and shutouts.
They played their home games in the Center City Ice Rink.
The club was formed after the original HC Mountfield was unable to resolve a sponsorship dispute.
That game occurred in Galt, before 1,848 fans on Saturday, Nov. 18, 1944 against Hamilton; Howe scored three points.
Düsseldorfer EG is a German professional ice hockey team in Düsseldorf.
The Minnesota Arctic Blast were a professional roller hockey team based in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States that played in Roller Hockey International.
Ahead of the 2017–18 AHL season, the Devils relocated to Binghamton, New York, and became the Binghamton Devils.
The Boston Pride are a professional women's ice hockey team based in Boston, Massachusetts.
They then changed their name to the Empire State Cobras and split their games between Albany and Glens Falls, NY.
The original owner of the team was Terry Simpson, the original General Manager was Wayne Simpson and the original Coach was Peter Anholt.
The Halla Group contributes three billion won annually to run the club.
Scott Safety Supply Services Ltd. is the sponsor of the arena and a corporate sponsor of the team.
The club existed from 1951-1971 and was part of the US Métro sports club
The Rhinos compete as part of the Midwest Division of the Western States Hockey League.
The Privateers play in the Nova Scotia Junior Hockey League.
They are a part of the Quebec Junior Hockey League.
The Tigers were formed by the sale of the Quebec Bulldogs NHL franchise to Hamilton interests.
The Minnesota Wildcats were a Tier III Junior A ice hockey team playing in the Minnesota Junior Hockey League.
The Welland Sabres are a defunct Tier II Junior "A" ice hockey team that were based out of Welland, Ontario.
Four members of the Falcons, made the jump to the higher league.
The Greys had survived in three different forms over the years.
The team was on hiatus during the 2015–16 season while renovations at the Watertown Municipal Arena were completed and then returned for the 2016–17 season.
The team became dormant following the 2000–01 season, until it was resurrected in 2005 as the Iowa Stars.
The Falcons play their home games inside Jack Gatecliff Arena in downtown St. Catharines.
It is also the only AHL franchise to have never missed a season.
The Bruins play their home games in the Riverside Arena in Austin, Minnesota.
This second iteration of the Knights moved to Houston, TX to become the Houston Apollos after the 1964-65 season.
They Midgets were Eastern Canadian Champions in 1921.
They play their home games out of the Phillip Ice Skating Centre known as The Brave Cave.
Home games were played at the Moncton Coliseum.
John Torchetti took over coaching duties, leading the Iguanas to the CHL finals in both of their first two years.
The DEC Salzburg Eagles are an Austrian women's ice hockey team based in Salzburg, Austria.
The Calgary Buffaloes were a Junior A ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League based out of Calgary, Alberta.
The Corpus Christi IceRays are a Tier II junior ice hockey team playing in the North American Hockey League.
The Rockland Nationals are a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Rockland, Ontario, Canada.
True North Sports & Entertainment then bought the team in May 2011 and relocated the franchise from Atlanta, Georgia to Winnipeg prior to the 2011–12 season.
The first expansion team in the Central Hockey League, they were active for seven seasons from 1994–1997 and 1998-2002.
The Salem Raiders were a former professional hockey team that played in the Eastern Hockey League.
Advocates for mustangs also express concerns that the animals may be sold for horse meat.
As soon as in 1951, Slezan was promoted to the Czechoslovak First Ice Hockey League and played there until 1953.
The Arkansas RiverBlades was an expansion franchise that entered the East Coast Hockey League for the 1999–2000 season.
The team played their home games at the Toyota Arena in Kennewick, Washington, a city in the Tri-Cities area.
The team played in the 2015–16 FHL season.
The Edmonton Chimos were a professional women's ice hockey team in the Western Women's Hockey League.
The Halifax Citadels were a professional ice hockey team based in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
The Delta Ice Hawks are a junior "B" ice hockey team based in Delta, British Columbia, Canada.
EC Red Bull Salzburg is a professional ice hockey team based in Salzburg, Austria, that currently plays in the Austrian Hockey League.
The Espanola Express are a Canadian Junior "A" ice hockey team based out of Espanola, Ontario.
The Clarenville Caribous are a senior ice hockey team based in Clarenville, Newfoundland and Labrador and a member of the Central West Senior Hockey League.
They previously played in the second-tier league, DEL2.
The Twins won five Allan Cups as National Senior Champions from 1970 until 1991.
The team plays home games at the Oregon Ice Arena in Oregon, Wisconsin.
The Sockeyes joined the PIJHL in 1990 as an expansion team.
Solihull Barons are an English ice hockey team from the town of Solihull who play at Solihull Ice Rink on Hobs Moat Road.
They won the Swedish ice hockey championship nine times, including the inaugural championship in 1922.
The Sherbrooke Castors or Sherbrooke Beavers was the name of two different junior ice hockey teams in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.
They were founded in 1981, and play in the Pervaya Liga, the third level of ice hockey in Russia.
The club currently plays the Norra group of Division 1, the third tier of Swedish ice hockey.
The Flags' mascot was a bear named Slapshot, based on the Hanson Brothers from the movie Slap Shot.
Placed fourth in the six team ACHL, the Raiders made the playoffs only to lose in the first round.
The Boston Braves were a professional ice hockey team in Boston, Massachusetts.
The Chiefs are members of the Provincial Women's Hockey League of the Ontario Women's Hockey Association.
The franchise played for three seasons as the "Centennials" and became the Villas for the 1972-73 season before folding.
The Flames play their home games at Planet Ice Maple Ridge.
The Leading Rookie Award was awarded to Blades players Don Westbrook in 1964, Bob Thomas in 1965, and Wayne Zuk in 1970.
The Aeros are members of the Provincial Women's Hockey League of the Ontario Women's Hockey Association.
The Breakers organization currently fields a team in the USPHL's Elite Division, as well as boys' and girls' youth teams at all different levels.
Since the 2008-09 season, they have played in the Balkan League, which contains teams from Greece and Bulgaria.
Founded in 1971, they are part of the Manitoba Major Junior Hockey League.
Thunder Bay were 2012 Keystone Cup Western Canadian Junior B silver medalists.
After 14 games and a 2-12 record, the Michigan Stars would fold on November 30, 1987.
The Billings Bulls are a Tier III Junior A ice hockey team currently playing in the North American 3 Hockey League.
They play in the Serbian Hockey League, the top level of ice hockey in Serbia.
The team played its home games at both the Maurice Richard Arena and the Bell Centre.
They are a member of the Western Division in the Western States Hockey League based in Escondido, California and plays at the Iceoplex-Escondido.
The San Diego Mariners were an ice hockey team based in San Diego that played in the World Hockey Association.
The Rebels' first game was on September 25, 1992 in Red Deer against the Prince Albert Raiders.
The team is part of the Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey.
The Thunder have qualified for the playoffs on three occasions with the most recent being in 2016.
The team was originally a member of the International Hockey League before it merged into the CHL.
In 2014, the Renegades moved to Springfield, Missouri, and were rechristened the Springfield Express.
The Gander Flyers are a senior ice hockey team based in Gander, Newfoundland and Labrador and a member of in the Central West Senior Hockey League.
In 2016, the Coyotes purchased their AHL affiliate, and moved them to Tuscon.
They are currently playing in the Belgian Hockey League, the top level of ice hockey in Belgium.
Lund assumed ownership of the franchise in February 1999 after being the team's General Manager.
The Brooklyn Aviators were a professional ice hockey team based in Brooklyn, New York.
The Indiana Blizzard was a professional ice hockey team based in Dyer, Indiana.
The Whitby Wildcats are the representative teams of the Whitby Minor Hockey Association, based out of Whitby, Ontario, Canada.
The organization also have several youth hockey teams.
The team is the only active Canadian team in the ECHL since the 2014–15 season.
Taking his place would be MK Lightning forward Gary Clarke, who takes over in a player-coach role for the 2011-12 campaign.
President, General Manager Kevin J. Carr 2001-2004 / Gino Giacumbo 2004-2005
The team was based in New Haven, Connecticut, and played at the Veterans Memorial Coliseum, which was demolished in 2007.
They were founded in 2009, and play in the Kazakhstan Hockey Championship, the top level of ice hockey in Kazakhstan.
They then returned to the league for the 1970-71 season but again they ceased operations after that season.
They play in the fourth tier of Swedish ice hockey, Division 2.
The Avalanche are the only team in their division not based in the Central Time Zone; the team is situated in the Mountain Time Zone.
The Wheat Kings hold the CHL record for most points in a single season, setting the mark in 1978–79.
The Avon River Rats are a Canadian Junior C ice hockey team based in Windsor, Nova Scotia.
They were immediately successful, winning the league title in their first four years.
The club is based in Znojmo and their home arena is Nevoga arena.
The team suspended operations for the 1997 season.
There was a brief hiatus for two seasons near the end of World War II.
They play in the Junior Hockey League Division B, the second level of Russian junior ice hockey.
The team is based in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Amongst the oldest British ice hockey teams still in existence, they were founded in 1932 as Streatham, and added the name Redskins in 1974.
They play in the Greater Metro Junior A Hockey League.
Frölunda's home venue is the Scandinavium arena in central Gothenburg, which has a capacity of 12,044 people.
The Owls are a non-profit corporation and sanctioned by USA Hockey.
On November 25, 2011, after playing only 10 of their 53 scheduled games, the Federal Hockey League announced that the Vermont Wild had folded.
The IceHogs and Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League signed an affiliation agreement on December 13, 2005.
They were members of the North West Junior Hockey League and played their home games at Arctic Ice Centre.
Prior to the 1966-67 season, the Buffaloes renamed themselves the Cowboys, as a new Western Canada Junior Hockey League team took over the Buffaloes name.
The Wranglers were founded as an expansion franchise in 2003 following the ECHL's takeover of the West Coast Hockey League to form the ECHL.
They are members of the Bloomfield Division of the Provincial Junior Hockey League of the Ontario Hockey Association.
The women's team plays in Group A in the Turkish Ice Hockey Women's League
The team was also locally referred to as the "Ice Oilers" to differentiate from the Tulsa Oilers minor league baseball team.
The team has been in existence since 2009.
At the start of the 1998-99 ECHL season, the colors then changed to red, white, and black.
Pat LaFontaine is the most recent inductee, having been honored in 2003.
The team began the season owned by the league, but was later purchased by New Jersey businessman and father of one of the players, William Dadds.
Their eight AJHL championships remains the second most in league history, behind the Calgary Canucks nine championships.
The Lacombe Generals are a Senior AAA ice hockey team from Lacombe, Alberta, Canada that play in the Chinook Hockey League.
The Dundee Comets are a Scottish ice hockey team, based in the city of Dundee.
HC Litvinov, called HC VERVA Litvínov for sponsorship reasons is an ice hockey team in the Czech Extraliga.
The team plays its home games at the Iamgold Arena.
In women's bandy they were far more successful winning eight times, last time in 1984.
The Abilene Aviators were an American ice hockey team in Abilene, Texas.
Sputnik Nizhny Tagil is an ice hockey team in Nizhny Tagil, Russia.
The team won the Spengler Cup seven times, and twice they finished second.
The Trois-Rivières Draveurs were a junior ice hockey team playing in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.
In June 2003 Equity Broadcasting ended the lease with Alltel Arena and announced that it would attempt to sell the team.
The Leamington Flyers are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Leamington, Ontario, Canada.
The Jets de Viry-Essonne were an ice hockey team in Viry-Chatillon, France.
The Prince Albert Raiders are a major junior ice hockey team in the Western Hockey League.
They played in the Western Professional Hockey League from 1996-2000.
The team is named after the famous W. C. Handy song "Saint Louis Blues," and plays in the 19,150-seat Scottrade Center in downtown St. Louis.
The Dayton Bombers were an ECHL ice hockey team located in Dayton, Ohio.
Their home rink from 2003 to 2008 was the MacLauchlan Arena on the campus of UPEI.
Minor professional hockey would return five seasons later in 1982–83, as the Hampton Roads Gulls of the Atlantic Coast Hockey League.
The Gulf Coast Swords were a planned expansion team of the ECHL.
SK Lejon is a Swedish ice hockey club based in Skellefteå, founded in 1958 as "Lejonströms SK".
The Picton Pirates are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based in Picton, Ontario, Canada.
They are a member of the International Junior Hockey League and play in the Mid-Atlantic Division of IJHL's Super Elite League.
They are members of the North Division of the Heritage Junior B Hockey League.
Also, brother Mike Wilhelm was one of the equipment managers to the Speed.
HC Chrudim is an ice hockey team in Chrudim, Czech Republic.
The Cowboys lasted only two years before ceasing operations.
The Admirals were one-time national Allan Cup finalists.
The club was founded in 1992 and in 2001, began play in the Austrian National League.
They played in Peoria, Illinois at the Carver Arena.
In 1923, the Swastikas won the Alpine Cup at the Banff Winter Carnival women's ice hockey championship.
The team was a member of the Great Lakes Junior Hockey League.
IHC Písek is an ice hockey team in Písek, Czech Republic.
They play in Grande Prairie, Alberta, Canada at the Canada Games Arena, capacity 3228, also known as the Crystal Centre.
Their next opponents were the top ranked Roanoke Express, who took the series against the Icebreakers by a 3 games to 1 count.
Five Tigers players would later gain election to the Hockey Hall of Fame.
Four of the clubs are based in Sydney and one is based in Newcastle.
The team began in the 2003–04 season as the Minnesota Blizzard based in Alexandria, Minnesota.
Coventry Phoenix are a Coventry's female ice hockey team.
The ice hockey team first appeared in 1967 as AaB Ice Hockey organized under Aalborg Boldspilklub.
The Mountainview Colts are a Junior "B" Ice Hockey team based in Didsbury, Alberta, Canada.
They are members of the North Division of the Heritage Junior B Hockey League.
The Nitehawks joined the league in 1981 as an expansion team.
They played six seasons in the WOAA Senior Hockey League.
Geary then moved the franchise to Evansville, Indiana where they became the Evansville IceMen.
They were also known for never having missed the playoffs in their years of existence.
They play in the Oberliga, the third level of professional ice hockey in Germany.
They play in the Nova Scotia Junior C Hockey League, and are coached by Jason Viner.
The team is based in Augsburg, Bavaria, Germany.
They play their home games at the Tabor Ice Hall.
Team colours are red, blue and white.
They are former members of the Rocky Mountain Junior Hockey League.
HC Davos also has hosted the annual Spengler Cup tournament, an invitational competition, since 1923.
It is a member of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League.
They left for the OPJHL in 1995.
The Steinbach Pistons are a Canadian Junior "A" ice hockey team from Steinbach, Manitoba.
They were affiliated with two National Hockey League teams: the Los Angeles Kings were the team's primary affiliate, and the Winnipeg Jets were the secondary affiliate.
The team won the regular season title in 2016.
Lions beat the Southern Champions Invicta Dynamos in a penalty shootout, after the game finished level at 2-2 after sudden-death overtime.
Formed in 1999, it competed in the now defunct British National League playing its home games at Humberside Ice Arena.
They are a part of the Quebec Junior AAA Hockey League.
The Wild moved to the BCHL for 2015–16, after seeking approval from both Hockey Canada and USA Hockey for three years.
They play in the Swedish Division 2, the fourth level of ice hockey in Sweden.
They were members of the North West Junior Hockey League and played their home games out of the Scott Safety Centre.
Coincidentally, the Devils had preceded the Avalanche in Denver; they were called the Colorado Rockies.
The club are associated with the Peterborough Sports Aid Charity and hold charity fund-raising matches on their behalf.
It is a hockey team of the Kyiv Polytechnic Institute.
HK Vitebsk is an ice hockey team in Vitebsk, Belarus.
The Racers' demise came under the stewardship of Nelson Skalbania, a flamboyant Canadian real estate businessman.
The team plays its home games at the Sports Palace Tyumen.
In 1924, after winning both the league and Western Canadian championships, the Tigers became the first Calgary based club to compete for the Stanley Cup.
The Oxford Canadians were an English amateur ice hockey team, originally formed from Rhodes Scholars who were attending Oxford University.
The last to hold the posts of General Manager and Head Coach were Joe Gregory and Kevin Kaminski.
The team was renamed the Jackson Bandits in reference to outlaws famous for robbing wealthy travelers along the Natchez Trace in the 19th century.
The team played throughout the 1997–98 season, but folded after 21 games during the 1998–99 season.
The club competes in HockeyAllsvenskan, the second tier of ice hockey in Sweden, 2017–18 season.
The Guelph Royals were a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey Association from 1960 to 1963.
The Windsor Swastikas were a Canadian ice hockey team in Windsor, Nova Scotia, from 1905–1916.
They play their home games at Stadthalle in Villach, Austria.
The club changed its name to ÚDA Praha ahead of the 1953/54 season and ceased operations in 1956.
It plays in the national cup tournament of the Belgian Elite League, the elite level of ice hockey in Belgium.
They are a part of North Division of the Ontario Junior Hockey League.
The Aberdeen Lynx is a Scottish ice hockey team that play in the Scottish National League.
The two teams played on the same nights in many cases and each developed their own fan following.
The Winston-Salem Mammoths were an American ice hockey team in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
Since their inception, the Wildcats have played their home games at the 2800 capacity Link Centre in West Swindon.
The team replaced the Evansville IceMen of the ECHL.
The Berlin River Drivers were a minor professional ice hockey team in the Federal Hockey League that began play in the 2015–16 season.
It plays its home matches in Winter Salon rink.
The Onion Lake Border Chiefs are a Canadian Junior B ice hockey team located in Onion Lake, Saskatchewan.
The Parry Sound Islanders are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based out of Parry Sound, Ontario, Canada.
In 2015, the Rockets returned to the Memorial Cup a fifth time, losing to the Oshawa Generals in the championship final.
The Dauphin Kings are a Canadian Junior "A" ice hockey team from Dauphin, Manitoba, Canada.
The St. Albert Steel were an ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League.
The club is affiliated with Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg.
The Blainville-Boisbriand Armada is a junior ice hockey team of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.
The Northern Wildcats were a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based out of Longlac, Ontario.
They currently play in DEL2, the second level of ice hockey in Germany.
When the NAHL folded in 1977, the Firebirds, along with the Broome Dusters, joined the then-struggling American Hockey League.
The team is nicknamed Vlci, it means Wolves in English.
They played at the Drummondville Civic Centre.
Formed in 1998, they are the 'B' team for the Elite League Capitals with whom they share their name.
The Canadiens have won the Stanley Cup more times than any other franchise.
The St. Louis Jr. Blues are a Tier III ice hockey team in the North American 3 Hockey League.
John Cardwell would score 40 goals while Brad Domonsky led the team with 244 PIM.
The Utah Grizzlies are a professional ice hockey team in the ECHL.
They are members of the South Division of the Heritage Junior B Hockey League.
In the 15/16 season the Wild finished second in the league.
The Marlboros were a farm team to the Toronto Maple Leafs and one of the dominant junior teams in history, winning seven Memorial Cup championships.
The St. John's Jr. 50's were a Canadian Junior ice hockey club from St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador.
Founded in 1966, they have taking on many different names, starting with the founding name, Hvidovre Ishockey and now Hvidovre Fighters.
They had been placed in the then "Heineken League Division Two", and beat the Titans 11-4.
This was followed by four seasons in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, during which time the team was known as the St. John's IceCaps.
They play in the Mid-Western division of the Greater Ontario Junior Hockey League.
The team lasted for a single season more as the Dayton Demolition, folding when the Hara Arena closed.
The EOJHL was reduced in number of teams, and renamed the Central Canada Hockey League Tier 2.
Today, the club only operates an ice hockey section under the name Göta Traneberg IK, following a merger with Tranebergs IF in 2007.
The Manchester Monarchs are a professional ice hockey team in the ECHL which began play in the 2015–16 season.
They were a member of the Racing Club de France sports association.
The mustang is a free-roaming horse of the American west that first descended from horses brought to the Americas by the Spanish.
Home games are played in Kristins Hall, and occasionally in Håkons Hall.
The Aces were league champions of the Quebec Hockey League in 1953–54 and 1956–57, winning the Thomas O'Connell Memorial Trophy.
The Odessa Jackalopes are a Tier II junior ice hockey team playing in the North American Hockey League.
They were formed in 2001 and play their home games at the Dundee Ice Arena, situated off the city's main Kingsway dual carriageway.
The Fisher River Hawks are a Junior 'B' ice hockey team based in Fisher River, Manitoba.
The Metro Jets are a USA Hockey-sanctioned Tier III Junior A ice hockey team in the North American 3 Hockey League.
The Listowel Jets were a senior hockey team based out of Listowel, Ontario, Canada.
Formed primarily of Canadian expats, they were the first English champions, after winning the first ice hockey league to be played in Europe.
Guelph's best season was 1937-38, when they played in the OHA championship series for the J. Ross Robertson Cup, but lost to the Oshawa Generals.
They were the AHL's 2010–11 Calder Cup champions.
The team logo was unveiled in February 1998 and the Canadian brothers Dave Berryman and Tim Berryman were granted a lease for Alltel Arena in March.
The team won the Memorial Cup twice.
The Torontos' players were leased to the Arena ownership temporarily and competed in the NHL in 1917–18, winning the Stanley Cup.
In 2010 they accepted a buyout from their league to cease operations.
The Blackfalds Wranglers are a Junior "B" Ice Hockey team based in Blackfalds, Alberta, Canada.
The team was an affiliate team of the New York Islanders of the National Hockey League in their final two seasons.
Their home arenas were the Fairgrounds Arena and the Myriad Convention Center Arena.
HC Diavoli Rossoneri Milano was an ice hockey team in Milan, Italy.
The team played in Hamilton, Ontario for three years, and in St. Catharines, Ontario for one.
The Szabos finished ninth place, and second last in the league.
The Flames played their first three seasons in Calgary at the Stampede Corral before moving into their current home arena, the Scotiabank Saddledome, in 1983.
Based in Janesville, Wisconsin, their home games are played at the Janesville Ice Arena.
Notable players who played for the Magic included Reggie Leach, Blair MacDonald, Don Murdoch and Stan Weir.
Legia Warszawa is an ice hockey team in Warsaw, Poland.
The Williamsport Outlaws were a professional ice hockey team in the Federal Hockey League.
The Listowel Cyclones are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Listowel, Ontario, Canada.
The "IceRays" moniker derives from the many different species of stingrays who inhabit the nearby Gulf of Mexico.
Kremenchuk has also qualified for the IIHF Continental Cup on one occasion.
The team played the 2011-2012 season in Wayne, New Jersey as the New Jersey Outlaws.
The Napanee Raiders are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based in Napanee, Ontario, Canada.
They play in the Mid-Western division of the Greater Ontario Junior Hockey League.
SaiPa play home games in the yellow shirt, black pants, yellow socks, and a black helmet.
The team name, IceHogs, was selected during a "name the team" contest.
The Panthers play their home games at Panorama Recreation Centre.
The team is based in Lethbridge, Alberta, and play their home games at the ENMAX Centre.
They play their home games at the Centennial Arena, which has a seating capacity of 1,500.
Falu Ishockeyförening or Falu IF is an ice hockey club located in the Swedish city of Falun in Dalarna.
They play their home games in Arena Sanok, which has a capacity of 3,100 people.
Club Hockey Gèu Vielha-Val d'Aran is an ice hockey club in Vielha e Mijaran, Catalonia.
The Windsor Spitfires are a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey League.
Laval Le Mistral was a women's ice hockey team in the National Women's Hockey League.
Regular season titles won: 1983–84, 1990–91, 1992–93
The hockey section was created in 1952.
The Sockeyes have won the Keystone Cup twice, in 2009 and 2013; and the Cyclone Taylor Cup five times, in 1991, 2003, 2004, 2009 and 2013.
The team was based in the Rio Grande Valley in Hidalgo, Texas, just south of McAllen, and played their home games at State Farm Arena.
They are members of the North Eastern Alberta Junior B Hockey League.
The club almost reached the Swedish Elite League Kvalserien during the 1996-1997 season.
[1] Richard Meacock campaigned vigorously for many years to get a new rink built.
The Nottingham Panthers are a British professional ice hockey club based in Nottingham, England.
Attendance would slip to 2 347 fans, once again 3rd worst.
The Scorpions finished at the top of the WPHL standings for their initial 1996-97 season, winning the inaugural Governor's Cup as regular season champion.
The Chicago Hitmen were a Junior A Tier II ice hockey team based out of the Chicago region.
They are members of the North West Junior Hockey League.
The CBR Brave is a semi-professional ice hockey team based in Phillip, Australian Capital Territory.
Their current head coach is former NHL goaltender Tom Barrasso.
The previous season's captain, Anthony Leone will again lead the team for the 2014/15 campaign.
The team won the Calder Cup in 1938, 1940, 1949, and 1956.
The Willmar WarHawks are a Tier III ice hockey team playing in the North American 3 Hockey League.
For the Filipino professional basketball team, see Alaska Aces.
The team is the ninth most attended team in Switzerland for the 2015-16 season with 5,783 spectators.
The Maroons have won multiple Junior B league titles and the 1999 Sutherland Cup as Ontario Hockey Association Junior B Champions.
They are members of the West Division of the North American 3 Hockey League.
The RiverBlades would compete with the cross-town Arkansas GlacierCats who were also in their first season.
They were a member of the International Junior Hockey League from 2008–2012 and played in the New England Division of IJHL's Super Elite League.
The Jackalopes played their home games at Ector County Coliseum.
They played their home games at the Tivoli Hall.
The Victoriaville Tigres are a junior ice hockey team that plays in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.
The Connecticut C-Dogs were a low-level professional ice hockey team in the North East Professional Hockey League.
They participated in the Romanian Hockey League, the top level Romanian ice hockey league.
The franchise is a relocation of the former Manchester Monarchs AHL franchise when several other franchises created a Pacific Division in 2015.
The Cleveland Barons were a minor league professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League.
The team plays in the Eisarena Bremerhaven.
The Breezy Point North Stars are a USA Hockey-sanctioned Tier III Junior ice hockey team playing in the North American 3 Hockey League.
They have played in front of more than 2 million fans in their 18 years.
The Mallards play their home games at iWireless Center in Moline, Illinois.
Since the city of Biel is completely bilingual, alongside the German name EHC Biel the team also has a French name, HC Bienne.
After the WHA had ceased operations, they were one of four franchises absorbed into the National Hockey League and then granted membership on June 22, 1979.
Their home arena is Whitley Bay Ice Rink.
The Daredevils played in the Roller Hockey International in 1996.
They play their games at Auchenharvie Ice Rink in Stevenston, North Ayrshire.
They play in the Prince Edward Island Junior C Hockey League.
The Toronto Neil McNeil Maroons were a junior ice hockey team in the Metro Junior A League for one season in 1962-63.
The Kemptville 73's are a Canadian Junior "A" ice hockey team based in Kemptville, Ontario.
The 2014-2015 Champion Tillsonburg Thunder are a Senior ice hockey team based in Tillsonburg, Ontario, Canada.
In the first WHA draft, the Broncos chose: Barry Gibbs, Jim Harrison, Dale Hoganson and Jack Norris.
Reims participated in the top level of French hockey from 1990 until they folded in 2002, winning the league title in 2000 and 2002.
The San Francisco Bulls were a professional minor ice hockey team of the ECHL located in Daly City, California, serving the San Francisco Bay Area market.
The Diables Rouges de Briançon: Briançon Red Devils) is the ice hockey team of Briançon.
The top affiliate of the National Hockey League's Toronto Maple Leafs, the Marlies play at Ricoh Coliseum in Toronto, Ontario.
The Temiscaming Titans are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Témiscaming, Quebec, Canada.
They play their games at home in ShoWare Center.
The Lynx, who played in the ECHL, had affiliations with the Tampa Bay Lightning of the NHL and the Norfolk Admirals of the AHL.
They played in the Greater Metro Junior 'A' Hockey League.
Ski- og Fotballklubben Trygg was a sports club in Oslo, Norway, which was primarily known for its ice hockey section.
On 15 April 2014, after experiencing financial difficulties for several years, the club went bankrupt and ceased to exist.
The Sherbrooke Phoenix is a major junior ice hockey team based in Sherbrooke, Quebec, that plays in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.
It has supplied players for the GB ice or inline / skater hockey teams in most years since.
All home games are played out of the 1750 seat Mariners Centre.
The team was coached by Eric Schneider.
The Jaros' uniforms and logo were the basis for those worn by the fictional "Syracuse Bulldogs" in the 1977 film Slap Shot.
Tornado Luxembourg is an ice hockey team in Luxembourg City.
The Canadian representatives presented a revenue sharing proposal at the meeting.
They are currently one of four Scottish clubs playing in the top British league alongside Dundee Stars, Edinburgh Capitals and the Fife Flyers.
The team played at the S&T Bank Arena.
The Devils have a rivalry with their cross-Hudson River neighbor, the New York Rangers, as well as a rivalry with the Philadelphia Flyers.
The Nashville Junior Predators are a USA Hockey-sanctioned Tier III ice hockey team in the North American 3 Hockey League.
This affiliation also led to its re-branding as Les Canadiennes for the 2015–16 CWHL season, adopting colours and jerseys resembling those of their men's counterpart.
HK Rapid is an ice hockey team based in Kiev, Ukraine.
After leaving the AHL, the Mohawks team transferred to the International Hockey League until folding in 1958.
The Generals are three-time national champions, having won the Allan Cup in 2009 and 2016 in Steinbach, Manitoba and in 2013 in Red Deer, Alberta.
The Bowmanville Eagles were a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Bowmanville, Ontario, Canada.
David Hruska scored 5 goals in one game on October 20, 1995 in a game against the Medicine Hat Tigers.
The Stockton Arena was their home ice, with a capacity of 9,737.
HC Dukla Senica is an ice hockey team in Senica, Slovakia.
They play in the Slovak 1.Liga, the second level of ice hockey in Slovakia.
The 2014-15 season was the Dynamos 18th season of operation.
Kristall Saratov is an ice hockey team in Saratov, Russia.
The Cambridge Turbos are a team in the National Ringette League that play out of Cambridge, Ontario.
The Melbourne Ice are a semi-professional ice hockey team in the Australian Ice Hockey League.
They were eliminated from contention after going winless in the round robin portion of the tournament.
They are a part of the Northern Ontario Junior Hockey League.
The Niagara Whalers are a junior ice hockey team based in Port Colborne, Ontario, Canada.
The Chicago Bluesmen were an American professional roller hockey team based at the Fox Valley Ice Arena in Geneva, Illinois, that played in Roller Hockey International.
They play in the city of Prievidza, Slovakia at Zimný štadión Prievidza.
Ken Wilson was the general manager from 1960–1963.
In 1995 they were renamed the Granby Prédateurs.
HC Oceláři Třinec is an ice hockey team from Teschen Silesia who play in the Czech Extraliga, the top tier of Czech ice hockey.
The Blue Jackets were founded as an expansion team in 2000.
The decision behind naming the franchise Furies was featured on an episode of History Television's program What's In a Name?.
The team plays its home games in Appleby Ice Center in Burlington.
Aston was ranked by QS as the 42nd best university in the world under 50 years old in 2015.
The franchise suspended operations after the 1996 season, claiming that it was not possible to keep an AHL team in a city as small as Charlottetown.
The team was one of the founding members of the QMJHL.
The teams plays its home games in the Haugesund Ishall.
The Chicago Cheetahs were a professional roller hockey team based in Chicago, Illinois, United States that played in Roller Hockey International.
They were the American Hockey League farm team of the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League.
The Seattle Thunderbirds are a major junior ice hockey team based in the city of Kent, south of Seattle, Washington.
The Storm's logo was notorious for poor appearance, and was voted "Worst Logo" in The Hockey News annual survey of minor league hockey logos several times.
The club has historical roots dating back to 1947 as the ice hockey division of the association football club Malmö FF.
At its inception the team was based out of Mok-dong, Seoul and named the Mando Winia.
The team played in the Northern Pacific Hockey League, the American West Hockey League, and the Western States Hockey League.
They play in the Greater Metro Junior A Hockey League.
They were formed in 1996 and played their home games at the Centrum Arena.
They played in Omaha, Nebraska, United States at the Omaha Civic Auditorium from 2005–07.
Their home arena is Werk Arena in Třinec.
The team play its home games at the MTS Iceplex in Winnipeg, Canada.
They are members of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League.
Based in San Diego, California and affiliated with the National Hockey League's Anaheim Ducks, the Gulls play their home games at the Valley View Casino Center.
The North Edmonton Red Wings are a Canadian Junior B ice hockey team located in Edmonton, Alberta.
The team is currently playing in GET-ligaen.
The Stratford Midgets were a junior ice hockey team that played in the Ontario Hockey Association.
The Paris Mounties are a Canadian junior hockey team based in Paris, Ontario, Canada.
The team plays in the Pervaya Liga, the third level of Russian ice hockey.
RoKi is a Finnish ice hockey team based at Lappi Areena, Rovaniemi.
Wife Michele Wilhelm assisted with team merchandising.
The Bakersfield Condors are a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League based in Bakersfield, California.
Mileti knew he could not hope to compete with an NHL team and decided to move the Crusaders elsewhere.
They in turn were replaced in 1995 by the "Baltimore Bandits" for two more seasons in the American hockey minor league level loop.
The team currently competes in the semi-professional English Premier Ice Hockey League which is the second tier in British ice hockey.
The team played its home games in Quebec City, Canada.
They played in the All-American Hockey League in the 1988-89 season.
The team plays home games at the Sleeman Centre.
The club won the Belgian Hockey League 10 times, third only to Brussels Royal IHSC and Olympia Heist op den Berg.
The Oilers' organization relocated the team to Ontario in 1996 to become the Hamilton Bulldogs.
After being promoted from Division 2 in 2012, the club plays in Division 1, the third tier of ice hockey in Sweden.
The North Bay Trappers were a Canadian professional ice hockey team in North Bay, Ontario.
They play their home games at Chizhovka-Arena, located in Minsk.
The Shamrocks scored 137 goals and allowed 170.
Lions centre Jimmy Good won the OHA scoring title in 1934-35, playing with future Hockey Hall of Fame inductee Gordie Drillon on his wing.
The Houston Aeros were a professional ice hockey team in the World Hockey Association from 1972 to 1978.
The team developed a large fan base rapidly following its inception.
The club was dissolved in 2011, and were replaced by Viry Hockey 91, which began play in the FFHG Division 3 in 2011-12.
The Westshore Wolves are a Junior B Ice Hockey team based in Colwood, British Columbia, Canada.
The Iron Range Yellow Jackets were a Junior "B" ice hockey team from Coleraine, Minnesota, United States.
The Fort Saskatchewan Traders were an ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League.
The Brampton Warriors are a pair of defunct junior ice hockey teams from Brampton, Ontario, Canada.
The Mon Valley Thunder was an ice hockey team which played in the inaugural season of the Mid-Atlantic Hockey League in 2007.
They are members of the North Eastern Alberta Junior B Hockey League.
The Kalamazoo Jr. K-Wings began its inaugural season in 2011.
It played in the American Hockey League from 1986–91 as the farm team of the Toronto Maple Leafs at the Ray Twinney Complex.
They are captained by forward Kobe Oishi.
They eventually changed names from the Vipers to the Northern Stars.
The team, and the league, played all of their games at the Duquesne Gardens.
The team plays their home games at the Affton Ice Rink in Affton, Missouri, a suburb of St. Louis, Missouri.
They won the Futura Cup in 2005-2006, beating the Thetford Mines Prolab in six games of a best of 7.
The Milverton Four Wheel Drives are a senior hockey team based out of Milverton, Ontario, Canada.
The Islanders Hockey Club are an American junior ice hockey organization from Tyngsborough, Massachusetts.
One year later, the Halifax Mooseheads of the QMJHL filled the void in the market.
Much of the Monsters merchandise is still sought after due to the colorful Monsters logo design.
The Outlaws play their home games at Mission Leisure Centre.
The Wainwright Bisons are a Junior "B" Ice Hockey team based in Wainwright, Alberta, Canada.
The team has won the Swedish Championship three times – in 1978, 2013, and 2014.
Red Star play their home games at Pionir Hall in Belgrade.
The team was named in honour of Montreal Canadiens great Maurice "Rocket" Richard.
Sundsvall plays their home matches at Gärdehov, with a capacity of 2,500.
Their pinnacle event is an annual reunion that takes place during the first weekend in August.
Hockey Club Almaty is a professional ice hockey team based in Almaty, Kazakhstan.
The league switched to inline hockey in 2012 and the team never joined a new league.
Team owner of both the Monsters and Knoxville Speed was Andrew Wilhelm.
They currently play in the Polska Hokej Liga, the top-level ice hockey league in Poland.
The club's official name is le Club de hockey Canadien.
The Stampede have qualified for the Clark Cup playoffs in 13 of their 18 seasons, winning twice, most recently in the 2014–15 season.
In addition to games played during the regular season, the Jr. Thunder play an exhibition game against the Wichita Thunder Alumni at the Intrust Bank Arena.
The Miami Screaming Eagles were a professional ice hockey team that had intended to play in Miami.
It is a relocation of the Adirondack Flames joining four other relocated AHL franchises in California and forming the basis for a Pacific Division.
The team was founded in 1956, but after one season in Winnipeg, the Rangers moved to Brandon due to lack of ice availability.
The Miners play in Hockey Canada's Superior International Junior Hockey League.
When the original Rockets folded in 1942, they were replaced by the Philadelphia Falcons of the Eastern Hockey League.
Their first game was against the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League on October 12, 1966 at the Ohio Expo Fairgrounds Coliseum.
HC CSKA was an ice hockey team in Moscow, Russia.
The Dundee Tigers are a Scottish ice hockey team, based in the city of Dundee.
They won SJHL championships in 1992, 1996, 2015 and 2016.
The Clubs representation team plays season 2016-17 in Division 2.
The Sherwood Park Crusaders are an ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League.
League Championships won: 1973, 1977, 1978, 1983, 1986, 1988, 1990, 1995, 1999
Hockey Hall of Fame defenceman Bill Quackenbush played for the Lions in 1941-42.
The Richmond Renegades were an ECHL ice hockey team in Richmond, Virginia that played in the East Coast Hockey League from 1990 until 2003.
They play in the Thunder Bay Junior B Hockey League and are eligible to compete for the Keystone Cup, Junior B Championship of Western Canada.
The 2011–12 season included an 11-game homestand in which they only won 2 games, and a last place finish with only 12 wins overall.
The club was founded as SK Poruba in 1946.
Avangard-Yugra Kogalym is an ice hockey team in Kogalym, Russia.
Hockey Hall of Fame inductee Bill Quackenbush played for the team in the 1940-41 season.
The Océanic finished 1–2 in the round robin portion in the tournament, advancing to the tie-breaker to play the Remparts, ultimately losing 5–2.
Chris Nilan would win the John Brophy Award as the league's top coach.
They play in the Western division of the Greater Ontario Junior Hockey League.
The Edmundston Blizzard are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team from Edmundston, New Brunswick, Canada.
The Huntsville Blast was a minor league professional ice hockey team and member of the East Coast Hockey League.
They are members of the North West Junior Hockey League.
The team began playing in 1997 and has been a member of the ECHL since 2003.
A tournament for the release of the new NIHL called "The Face-off" was held at the Newcastle Metro Radio Arena on 28 and 29 August 2010.
The Kenai River Brown Bears are a Tier II junior ice hockey team in the North American Hockey League based in Soldotna, Alaska.
The Monsters played all of their games in the Dane County Memorial Coliseum.
Narmanspor is a Turkish women's ice hockey team in Narman district of Erzurum, Turkey playing in the Turkish Ice Hockey Women's League.
The Hamilton Whizzers were a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey Association for one season in 1942-1943.
In 2001, the WPHL merged with the CHL.
The team's home stadium is the Victorian State Netball and Hockey Centre.
Their record was 34-25-11, however they would drop to 4th place in the tough Northeast Division.
They play in the Western Ontario Athletic Association Senior Hockey League and are two-time Allan Cup National Champions.
Playing at the Cow Palace, the Spiders competed for one season, folding at the close of the 1995–96 IHL season.
The Wind played in the Central Hockey League at the Britt Brown Arena in the Kansas Coliseum.
They played in the Greater Metro Junior 'A' Hockey League.
The Victoria Royals are a Canadian major junior ice hockey team currently members of the B.C.
The Muskegon Zephyrs were a minor league professional ice hockey team in the International Hockey League from 1960 to 1965.
The club is made up of 11 teams with the top team playing in the Mestis.
The Billings Bighorns were a junior ice hockey team in the Western Hockey League who played from 1977 to 1982.
The Montreal Pats were both a senior and junior ice hockey team in Montreal, Quebec.
The Wranglers were members of the Central Hockey League for two years, but the years were not back to back.
The Canadian Amateur Hockey Association decided to save money, that Aura Lee play the Fort William War Veterans en route to Winnipeg.
The team was sponsored by TDC Waste Management and competed in the English National Hockey League North 1 Division and the NIHL.
The Tampa Bay Tritons were a professional roller hockey team based in Tampa, Florida, United States that played in Roller Hockey International for one season.
The name refers to the Citadelle of Quebec, a landmark fortification in that city since the late 17th century.
The men participate in the Turkish Hockey Super Lig and the women participate in the Turkish Ice Hockey Women's League.
The club operates a youth system which provide children from 8 to 18 with a chance to play ice hockey.
Ice hockey has successfully been a part of the Fife community since the Flyers' inaugural season in 1938.
The Thunder Bay Bulldogs were a Junior "A" ice hockey team from the Port Arthur section of Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada.
She was the first female coach in QMJHL history.
The league model was unique in that it promoted the educational development of its players.
The Chiefs relocated to Greenville, South Carolina, following the completion of the 2010 season.
Amager have been in the top Danish Icehockey league once, but was relegated same.
The Golden Knihts are in the Martin Division.
The team currently plays in group 1C of Division 1, the third tier of Swedish ice hockey.
The Portage Terriers are a Canadian junior "A" ice hockey team from Portage la Prairie, Manitoba, Canada.
The team would not improve and the production dropped even more with many of the players leaving the club.
After the completion of the 1983–84 season, the team was once again renamed to the Muskegon Lumberjacks.
They played at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto and were coached by Eddie Livingstone.
The club was founded in 2002 as Sums’ki Vorony Sumy, and played in the Ukrainian Hockey League in the 2010/2011 season.
Skövde IK is an ice hockey club from Skövde, Sweden that was founded in 1957.
The team's leading scorer was Dick Sarrazin, with Jacques Caron registering a 3.70 goals against average during 50 games in goal.
Notable NHL alumni from the team include Ryan Murray, Peter Mueller, Radko Gudas and Zach Hamill.
The Erie Blades name was used by two professional ice hockey teams in Erie, Pennsylvania.
The Pittsburgh Forge are a defunct Junior A Tier II ice hockey team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, which played in the North American Hockey League.
Their home arena is the Patinoire René Froger.
They were a part of the Ontario Provincial Junior A Hockey League.
Some of the known fighters in the RiverDogs' short history included Trevor Senn, Brad Both, Dave Shields, Matt Goody, and their last head coach, Kris Waltze.
The Denver Spurs were a professional ice hockey team based out of Denver, Colorado.
For the original WPHL/CHL franchise of same name, see: Odessa Jackalopes.
The club became Diavoli HC Milano in 1958.
They also won the 2013 Australian Hockey League Premiership, as well as the 2015 AHL Premiership.
They joined the North Eastern Alberta Junior B Hockey League in 2014, and play out of the Onion Lake Memorial Communiplex.
The Adirondack Flames were a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League.
The senior team was quite successful during the 1940s and the 1990s, playing in the second-tier leagues.
It was founded in 1975, and currently plays in the Norra group of Division 1, the third tier of ice hockey in Sweden.
They play in the Provincial Junior Hockey League.
Salith Šumperk is an ice hockey team in Šumperk, Czech Republic.
They are part of the Manitoba Major Junior Hockey League.
The team's home arena is the Center Ice Arena in Sandy Springs, Georgia.
The Windsor Wild were an ice hockey team based in Windsor, Quebec that played in the Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey.
The New York Hockey Club first played its home games at the Ice Palace Skating Rink, and later on at the St. Nicholas Skating Rink.
They play their home games at Ron Ebbesen Arena.
They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League.
The Barons franchise was owned by the Commissioner of the FHL, Don Kirnan.
They played in Binghamton, New York, USA at the Broome County Veterans Memorial Arena.
They played in the Ontario Hockey League from 1998 to 2007.
The Whalers moved to Hartford in 1974 and joined the NHL in the NHL–WHA merger of 1979.
A member of the North American Hockey League in the Central Division, the Wings play their home games in the Odde Ice Center.
A "Name the Team" contest ran in Red Deer from October 7 to 17, 1991.
Hammarby IF Ishockeyförening was a Stockholm-based professional ice hockey team that for most of its history played in Hovet.
Initially they kept the SPHL team's logo but rolled out a new logo and color scheme at the USHL Drafts
On June 23, 2008, the ECHL announced that it had terminated the Ice Pilots' membership, effective immediately.
The team, which played in the English Division 1 was made up primarily of former Wasps, players from Durham's under-19 squad and recreational players.
The club currently plays in the GET-ligaen, the highest level of Norwegian hockey.
The "Revolution" name refers to New Jersey's nickname, The Crossroads of the Revolution, as the state was the site of many American Revolution battles.
Stadion Zimowy, the home arena of GKS Tychy, has a capacity of 2,753 seats.
The Chieftains had already assembled a squad capable of playing in Division 1 and at such a late stage, the squad could not be rebuilt.
Prior to the 2013–14 season they played in the Oberliga.
As of the 2015–16 season, Piráti Chomutov plays in the top-level Czech Extraliga.
On 16 June 2004, the club shortened the name from Västra Frölunda Hockey Club to Frölunda Hockey Club.
They competed in the NIHL South Division 1, and hoped to improve on their performance from the previous season.
In 1974 the new First Division was formed and SaPKo was one of the teams participating.
The club was withdrawn from the SPHL during the 2009–10 season by the clubs then owner.
The team plays out of the Scott Safety Centre, which has a seating capacity of 1,058.
The financial problems forced the Senators to suspend operations for the 1931–32 season.
Before 1942, the team was known as the Stratford Midgets, and briefly as the Stratford Kist.
In its VIJHL history, the team has won the Cyclone Taylor Cup once, in 2007.
Piteå Hockey Club, usually abbreviated Piteå HC, is a Swedish ice hockey club based in Piteå in Norrbotten, Sweden's northernmost county.
The Rockies joined the league in 1978 as an expansion team.
Kalamazoo was dead last in attendance averaging around 350 per game.
The team originated in the Central Hockey League where they played from 1979 to 1984.
They played in the Indiana State Fairgrounds Coliseum.
The Express were owned by Craig Drecktrah, who formerly owned the United Hockey League's Chicago Hounds and Rockford IceHogs.
The Rebels were a very successful team in the early 2000s winning three consecutive division and conference titles between 2000–01 and 2002–03.
In March 1908, as 1907–08 MPHL champions, the team challenged for the Stanley Cup but lost over two games to the Montreal Wanderers, 5-11 and 3-9.
The team is nicknamed Oceliari, which means Steelers in English.
Their affiliates were the NHL's Minnesota Wild and the AHL's Houston Aeros.
They won the Heineken Championship in 1983 and 1984, and the Bluecol Autumn Cup in 1983-84.
They played in the Greater Metro Junior A Hockey League.
The league was formed in 2002 by New South Wales Ice Hockey's amalgamation of the former Junior and Senior A leagues.
Kulager Hockey Club, commonly referred as Kulager Petropavl, is a professional ice hockey team based in Petropavl, Kazakhstan.
The Tornado played their home games at the 6,000-seat Dr Pepper Arena in Frisco.
Formerly it known as Kazzinc-Torpedo-2 and Torpedo Oskemen.
The Brooklyn Crescents, affiliated with the Crescent Athletic Club, was an American amateur ice hockey team from Brooklyn in New York City.
This change was approved on 30 May 2013.
The Storm play their home games at Rod Brind'Amour Arena.
The club was renamed as the Hamburg Freezers.
The team was founded for the 1993–94 season of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League, a member of the Canadian Hockey League.
The team plays its games at the Centre d'Excellence Sports Rousseau and is known as the Blainville-Boisbriand Armada.
The Mid-Cities Jr. Stars are a USA Hockey-sanctioned Tier III Junior ice hockey team playing in the North American 3 Hockey League.
Following the 2002–03 season, the club voluntarily withdrew from the second-tier league Allsvenskan due to financial problems.
Between the 1966–67 and 1982–83 seasons, the Red Wings made the playoffs only two times.
Three of the five CHA franchises would join the NHA.
SDYuShOR Sokil-89 Kyiv was an ice hockey team in Kyiv, Ukraine.
The Augusta RiverHawks were a professional minor league ice hockey team based in Augusta, Georgia.
The Las Vegas Coyotes were an inline hockey team which competed in Roller Hockey International.
The team had limited success in playoff/championship play.
They play in the newly formed BeNe-league, a joint league starting in the season 2015-2016, consisting of the top teams from the Netherlands and Belgium.
The outcome was that the Chieftains started the season in a very strong position.
The Asheville Aces were a Southern Professional Hockey League team in Asheville, North Carolina.
On December 25, 1972 the Totems lost to the Soviets 9-4.
Panthers are the only British team to win European club honours with one Continental Cup.
They did not win a game in the 2007-08 season, and finished in fourth place in all three of their seasons.
Little Rock's minor league baseball team, the Arkansas Travelers, objected to the slogan which is similar to their long standing "Greatest Game on Dirt" slogan.
The team drew the Toledo Storm in the first round of the playoffs that year, and were swept in three games.
HC ATK Praha, founded in 1948, was an ice hockey team in Czechoslovakia.
The Charleroi Red Roosters are an ice hockey team in Charleroi, Belgium.
Finally, in January 2010 the club announced insolvency and the remaining games were lost by forfeit.
The Buccaneers began USHL play during the 1980–81 season and have played all their home games at Buccaneer Arena located in Urbandale, Iowa.
HK Poprad is a professional ice hockey team in the Slovak Extraliga, the top ice hockey league in Slovakia.
Original plans called for the team to play at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto.
The club was founded in 2010 and initially competed in Ukrainian amateur championships before joining the Belarusian Vysshaya Liga for 2013–14 season.
It is also excluded from the last week before the winter break as the team prepares for the IIHF World U20 Championship.
The CHL officially announced the team was going inactive on June 16, 2013.
The Flyers' all-time points percentage of 57.6% is the second-best in the NHL, behind only the Montreal Canadiens' 59.0%.
The Thunder Cats play their home games at Johnny Bucyk Arena.
They then joined the Inter-City League and finally played in the inaugural season of the British Hockey League.
The Wild is the only Minneapolis-St. Paul area major professional sports league franchises to play in St. Paul; the other three play in Minneapolis.
On December 21, 2012, the franchise was purchased and relocated to Richfield, Minnesota, where they are known as the Minnesota Magicians.
In 1999 the club bought the Extraliga license from Slezan Opava.
They are members of the Minor Hockey League, the top tier of junior hockey in the country.
Hockey Club Astana is a professional ice hockey team based in Astana, Kazakhstan.
The Papineauville Vikings are a Junior ice hockey team based out of Papineauville, Quebec.
Grüner Ishockey is an Oslo-based ice hockey club, and a part of the Grüner IL multi-sports club.
The Renfrew Timberwolves are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based out of Renfrew, Ontario.
Based in Houghton, Michigan, the club played at the Amphidrome from 1904 until 1906.
Many methods of population management are used, including the adoption by private individuals of horses taken from the range.
The Missoula Maulers were a junior ice hockey team from Missoula, Montana.
A new team would use the same name when Dubuque was granted an expansion franchise in the USHL in 2010.
The Royals colors are purple, black, silver, and white.
Division titles won: 1982-83, 83-84, 84-85, 88-89
After 12 games into the 2013–14 SPHL season with a 3–9–0 record, Gratz was fired.
After the 2007-08 season the team relocated again from Quebec City to its final location in Pont Rouge.
Kimberley also had a team, the Knights, in the KIJHL between 1972 and 1989.
They were also once members of the CJHL before joining the Ottawa Valley Junior Hockey League in 1967.
The club most recently played in the 2015–16 season in the Hockey Northwestern Ontario and were hosts of the 2011 Allan Cup.
Division of the Western Conference in the Western Hockey League.
The Wings played their home games at the David S. Palmer Arena in Danville, Illinois.
One of its original players was Leighton "Hap" Emms.
After the WHL folded in 1974, the team transferred to the Central Hockey League for the 1974–75 season.
They have previously played in the Vysshaya Liga, the second level of Russian ice hockey.
Wright continued to play the home grown players more than the imports and this resulted in the imports pushing for Wright to resign.
While in Alexandria, the team played at the Runestone Community Center.
JKH GKS Jastrzębie is an ice hockey team in Jastrzębie Zdrój, Poland.
The team was based in Hamilton, Ontario, playing home games at the Barton Street Arena, also known as the Hamilton Forum.
The first, a Junior "A" team existed from 1960 until 1972, and the second in Tier I Junior "A" from 1976 until 1982.
The Brantford 99ers are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Brantford, Ontario, Canada.
The Six Nations Rivermen are a Canadian Senior box lacrosse team.
HC Wikov Hronov is ice hockey club based in Hronov, The Czech Republic.
HC Otkan Perm is an ice hockey team in Perm, Russia.
The Rayside-Balfour Sabrecats were a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Rayside-Balfour, Ontario, Canada.
From 1958 to 1999 it was called KS Unia Oświęcim, and from 1999 to 2006, Dwory Unia Oświęcim.
The team, owned by Allan B. Harvie Jr., the founder of the former ECHL Renegades franchise, began play in October 2006 at the Richmond Coliseum.
The Warriors played in the North American Hockey League's North Division.
The Colorado Eagles are a professional ice hockey team based in Loveland, Colorado.
"Raz" the RiverDogs mascot was played first by Tim Gearles, and in later seasons by Derrick Hanks and Jamie Hogan.
The Saanich Braves are a junior "B" ice hockey team based in Saanich, British Columbia, Canada.
After failing to attract the audience in Petersburg the franchise was relocated to Kondopoga, Karelia during the 2012-2013 VHL season.
The team was founded in 1986 after the construction of the Slough Ice Arena in Montem Lane in Slough.
They are eligible to compete for the Allan Cup.
They are former members of the Canadian-based Superior International Junior Hockey League.
HK Rīga is an ice hockey club, based in Riga, Latvia.
They play in the VHL, the second level of Russian ice hockey.
On March 30, 2009, it was announced that the Bombers would not be playing during the 2009–2010 season.
The closest rival of Asheville were the Knoxville Speed.
Norris Jr. took an active interest in the team and under his ownership, the club won one Stanley Cup title in 1961.
The Fayetteville Force was a professional ice hockey team.
The Walleye are members of the Central Division of the Western Conference of the ECHL.
The team was most recently affiliated with the now defunct Central Hockey League from 2001–10.
The 2013 - 14 season marked the first season that the Cougars advanced to the league finals in the playoffs.
The team was coached by former Atlanta Thrashers Head Coach and Toronto Maple Leafs player John Anderson.
In UHL attendance, Richmond was generally in the top 3.
They played in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States, at the Cincinnati Gardens.
However, minor league hockey placement of prospects was much less well structured in the 1970s, and Philadelphia's roster did not have many top-drawer players.
They played one season in the Bulgarian Hockey League.
Frisk Asker Ishockey, commonly known as Frisk Asker, is a Norwegian ice hockey club based in Asker, Norway.
Under Rocky Wirtz, the Blackhawks won the Stanley Cup three times within six seasons.
The Kootenay Ice are a major junior ice hockey team based in Cranbrook, British Columbia, and competing in the Western Hockey League.
The franchise was announced on June 20, 2007 as part of the new IHL.
Logo design: The word IceBucks in italicized English in black with white trim, with the words "NIKKO KOBE" in bold italics in orange trimmed with white
They currently play in group F of Division 1, the third tier of the Swedish ice hockey system.
They are members of the Keystone Junior Hockey League.
The New South Wales Ice Hockey Association, currently trading as Ice Hockey NSW is the governing body of ice hockey in New South Wales, Australia.
The team was based in Port Huron, Michigan, and played at the McMorran Arena.
They played in the Bulgarian Hockey League in the 1998-99 and 2000-01 seasons.
Originally the Galt Red Wings, the team became the Galt Rockets after NHL sponsorship ended in 1947.
The Rad'z began play in the Olympic Saddledome, but moved to the much smaller Max Bell Arena midway through their first year.
As a result, the arena's previous hockey tenant, the Quad City Mallards of the United Hockey League ceased operations.
They were based at the Central Maine Youth Center in Lewiston, Maine.
Members of the organization receive a subscription to USA Hockey Magazine.
Every game was sold out at the 4,231-seat Ice Box, and it was common for people to camp out overnight for tickets.
They play in the Serie A, the first level of ice hockey in Italy.
The first team was one of the WHA's original twelve franchises, playing from 1972–76.
In 2010 a new team was founded under the name of "Icefighters Leipzig".
Storhamar Hockey is a Norwegian ice hockey team based in Hamar, Norway.
They were members of the Island Junior Hockey League and were 2002 Don Johnson Cup Maritime Junior B champions.
Liga, the second level league, for two seasons.
Neither edition of the franchise completed its final season of play.
They have been the AHL affiliate of the National Hockey League Los Angeles Kings since 2001.
They played in Hamilton, Ontario, at Copps Coliseum.
PSG Zlín is an ice hockey team in the Czech Extraliga.
In 2000, Neal Broten was inducted into the United States Hockey Hall of Fame.
Progress Glazov is an ice hockey team in Glazov, Russia.
The Gila Monsters, named after the gila monster native to the southwestern United States, were a member team of the West Coast Hockey League.
The Salt Lake Golden Eagles were a minor professional hockey team based in Salt Lake City from 1969 to 1994.
They folded after the first round due to financial problems.
The Moose Jaw Canucks were a junior ice hockey team based in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan.
Chervena Zvezda Sofia is an ice hockey team in Sofia, Bulgaria.
They won both games, 5-2 and 4-3(OT)respectively
The team plays their home games at the Memorial Civic Center.
They play in the Oberliga, the third level of ice hockey in Germany.
They are members of the Northern-West Division in the Junior Hockey League.
The Kenora Thistles were a Manitoba Junior Hockey League team playing in the Canadian town of Kenora, Ontario.
The Muskegon Lumberjacks are a Tier I junior ice hockey team in the Eastern Conference of the United States Hockey League.
The Port Huron Clippers were an American minor pro ice hockey team in Port Huron, Michigan.
Jacksonville Lizard Kings were a professional ice hockey team based in Jacksonville, Florida.
Hokejski Klub Celje, commonly referred to as HK Celje or simply Celje, is an ice hockey club from Celje, Slovenia.
They played in the Greater Metro Junior 'A' Hockey League.
The team played its home games at the Aréna Marcel Bédard in the Quebec City suburb of Beauport.
Nacka SK's hockey department played 23 seasons in Sweden's top-tier league, most recently the 1971–72 season.
The Long Island Jawz were a professional roller hockey team based in Uniondale, New York, United States that played in Roller Hockey International.
The South Stars were founded by Larry Schmittou, who was a principal owner of the Nashville Sounds minor-league baseball team.
They are members of the South Division of the Greater Metro Junior A Hockey League.
The team played in several early ice hockey leagues, including the Amateur Hockey Association of Canada from 1886 until 1898, winning its championship seven times.
One or more senators may still occasionally hold the floor for an extended period, sometimes without the advance knowledge of the Senate leadership.
With losing records in both seasons, the team did not make the playoffs in either season.
For current United States Hockey League franchise of same name, see: Muskegon Lumberjacks.
They played one season of 65 games compiling a record of 20 wins, 36 losses, and 9 ties for 51 points under head coach Pat Kelly.
The Toronto Attack were a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in North York, Ontario, Canada.
The club, then known as the Hull Festivals, was granted membership in the QMJHL in 1973.
They play in the Greater Metro Junior A Hockey League.
It is the oldest continuously operating minor-league hockey franchise in North America, having fielded a team in one form or another since 1926 in the CAHL.
The Storm would win six division titles, two Henry Brabham Cups and two Jack Riley Cups as champion of the East Coast Hockey League.
They are in the Maritime Junior Hockey League's Eastlink Division along with five other Nova Scotia clubs.
The teams play their home games at the Rodman Arena formally known as the Iorio Arena, located just 2 miles from Gillette Stadium.
Shakhtyor Soligorsk is an ice hockey club, based in Soligorsk, Belarus.
The Espoo Blues were an ice hockey team in the SM-liiga.
For the later CHL and ECHL Evansville IceMen franchise, see: Evansville IceMen.
The Toronto Maple Leafs are a professional ice hockey team based in Toronto, Ontario.
The team, based in Louisville, Kentucky, played from 1990 to 1994.
The club was founded in 1995 in the Finnish fourth division II-Divisioona after the ice hockey club decided to part company with the Keuruun ball association.
They are a member of the Western States Hockey League and play their home games at Olympic View Arena in Mountlake Terrace, Washington.
The Bloomington Thunder were a minor professional ice hockey team that was a member of the Southern Professional Hockey League.
The team's home arena is the Fjällräven Center since 2006.
Oji Eagles are a professional ice hockey team based in Tomakomai city on Hokkaidō, Japan.
The Casselman Vikings are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based in Casselman, Ontario.
The Buffalo Stampede were a Roller Hockey International team based in Buffalo, New York that was founded in the second season of the RHI.
Brent Sutter was named as the new head coach on November 14, 2012.
Šampion was founded in 2002, and played in the Bosnia and Herzegovina Hockey League in the 2002-03 season, finishing in fourth and last place.
Players not drafted by higher leagues could complete their education.
The Montreal Maroons were a professional men's ice hockey team in the National Hockey League.
They play in the Oberliga, the third level of ice hockey in Germany.
The Gulls played three winning seasons in the SHL, and were leading the regular season standings when the league collapsed in January 1977.
The Hartford Wolf Pack is a professional ice hockey team based in Hartford, Connecticut.
Jesenice previously competed in the Inter-National League from 2013 to 2016 before it was merged into the Alps Hockey League.
The club currently plays in group 1D of Division 1, the third tier of the Swedish hockey system.
The Oakland Skates were a professional roller hockey team and were a member team in Roller Hockey International from 1993 through 1996.
The Oakville Blades are a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Oakville, Ontario, Canada.
The Lethbridge Hurricanes are a Canadian major junior ice hockey team currently members of the Eastern Conference of the Western Hockey League.
The club was founded in 1908 as one of the founders of the Nationalliga A.
They played in the Maritime Junior A Hockey League.
The club folded after playing one season in the BHHL.
The Rebels play their home games at Castlegar and District Community Complex.
Home games take place at South Lake Tahoe Ice Arena.
The Pittsburgh Bankers were one of the earliest professional ice hockey clubs.
Since 1996, the Canadiens have played their home games at Bell Centre, originally known as Molson Centre.
Goalie Jason Clague was credited with a goal on March 28, 1994 during a playoff game against the Lethbridge Hurricanes.
This team was previously a member of the Central Hockey League and the International Hockey League.
They won the Andy Hebenton Trophy six times, as the team with the league's best regular season record in 1997, 1998, 2000, 2001, 2002 and 2003.
This changed in 1927 when there was a quarrel among ice hockey players of Sparta Prague, and many elite players moved to LTC.
The Aces turned professional the following season, joining the Quebec Senior Hockey League, Quebec Hockey League and American Hockey League.
The Tornado were owned and operated by the Consolidated Sports Holdings USA, Inc.
Saint-Jean Lynx were a junior ice hockey team which played from 1989 to 1995 in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.
They have competed in the third-level league Hockeyettan since the 2003–04 season.
The team is nicknamed Vojaci, it means Soldiers in English.
They compete at the Junior Hockey League since 2011.
Brown was also probably the most popular Kingfish player.
The Philadelphia Jr. Jackals were an independent junior "A" ice hockey team that played in the Mid-Atlantic Division of International Junior Hockey League Super Elite League.
The Castors played in Sherbrooke from 1969 to 1982 before moving to Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Quebec, in 1982 to become the Saint-Jean Castors.
However, low attendance doomed the team to failure and they moved to Victoriaville in 1987, becoming the Victoriaville Tigres.
The Herks were members of the Thunder Bay Junior A Hockey League and were Abbott Cup finalists once.
The club was founded in 1978, and currently plays in the 2.
The team won both the regular season title and the playoffs during their first season and as a result qualified for the 2015–16 IIHF Continental Cup.
The Milton Keynes Lightning are a professional ice hockey team from Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, playing in the EIHL, joining ahead of the 2017-18 season.
Lightning are a Canadian Junior women's ice hockey team based in Ajax, Ontario.
The team relocated to Whitecourt in the 2012 off-season to become the Whitecourt Wolverines.
They were founder members of the English Premier Ice Hockey League but later competed in the National Ice Hockey League.
On June 23, 2013, Lund sold the team to the owners of the Wichita Thunder, the Steven brothers.
They play their home games at Vegreville Recreation Centre.
The Miramichi Timberwolves are a Junior "A" hockey team based out of Miramichi, New Brunswick.
They currently play in DEL2, the second level of ice hockey in Germany.
The team folded in 1904, when the WPHL disbanded its teams to form the Pittsburgh Professionals and compete in the International Professional Hockey League.
They are a part of the British Columbia Hockey League.
The Dallas Stallions were an American professional roller hockey team based at Reunion Arena in Dallas, Texas, that played in Roller Hockey International.
They play their home games at Kal Tire Place.
The Oilers played their home games at the Halifax Metro Centre, and were the AHL affiliate of the Edmonton Oilers, whose logo theirs resembled.
The team was purchased and relocated to Buffalo where it played three more seasons as the Buffalo Wings.
HC Yunost-Minsk is a Belarusian ice hockey team that currently plays in the Belarusian Extraleague.
Now in its ninth decade, it has operated four different teams in three pro leagues, including the AHL Bears.
They changed their name to HK Trebišov in 2006 and to current HK 2016 Trebišov in 2016.
The Muskegon Lumberjacks was an International Hockey League ice hockey team located in Muskegon, Michigan.
“The ECHL is delighted to officially welcome back the Sea Wolves for their belated 10th year in the ‘Den’.
Defenceman Warren Godfrey played 15 fifteen seasons in the NHL with the Boston Bruins and Detroit Red Wings.
The team plays in the Israeli League, the top level of ice hockey in the country.
However, the section has recently had an influx of immigrants, along with young urban professionals and gentrification, especially in the Fishtown, Kensington, and Port Richmond area.
They play in the National Capital Junior Hockey League.
They were founded as a part of the Northern Ontario Junior Hockey League, but joined the Canadian International Hockey League after one season.
The team played in Greensboro, North Carolina until 1999, when the team moved to its current home, PNC Arena in Raleigh, North Carolina.
The team plays in the Eastern Hockey League.
The team's venue was the historic Boardwalk Hall, which seats 6,979.
The 2006/07 season was the first one played in Kamloops.
The team's home games were played at the Thomas & Mack Center.
Since 2012 it is a feeder team of the KHL club Dinamo Minsk.
The Dordrecht Lions are an ice hockey team in Dordrecht, the Netherlands.
On January 18, 1975, the franchise was moved to Baltimore where it was known as the Baltimore Blades.
In January 1925, the trustees of the Aura Lee Athletic Club voted to turn their clubhouse and football grounds over to the University of Toronto.
The Hitmen play in the Central Division of the Western Hockey League.
In its short KIJHL history, the team has won the Keystone Cup, the Cyclone Taylor Cup and the KIJHL Championship once, in 2016.
The Hornets, which were still a minor-league team for the NHL's Detroit Red Wings, made their debut in the International-American Hockey League in 1936–37.
In its KIJHL history, the team has won one division playoff title as a member of the Eddie Mountain Division from 1996–2013.
The team was a member of the Federal Hockey League and were affiliated with the ECHL's Wheeling Nailers.
Among all NHL teams, only the Montreal Canadiens have won the Stanley Cup more times since the League's 1967 expansion.
They are members of the Northern Division of the Greater Metro Junior A Hockey League.
The team wore uniforms based upon those then used by the Washington Capitals.
The logo was also switched from an 'ice rink on an island' design [1] to that of a painted mask.
The building was featured in the summer 2008 newsletter of the Marian Dean Ross Pacific Northwest Chapter of the Society of Architectural Historians.
The Almonte Thunder are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based in Almonte, Ontario.
They are members of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League.
The Elliot Lake Wildcats are a Canadian Junior "A" ice hockey team based out of Elliot Lake, Ontario.
Afterward, there was some expectation that Hamilton would be the team's home, but the franchise was eventually placed in Ottawa.
They are the farm team of SC Energija.
They play in the Junior Hockey League Division B, the second level of Russian junior ice hockey.
They won the NIL Championship once, in 1974; the WCJHL Championship once, in 1983; and the PIJHL Championship twice, in 1996 and 1998.
They are one of the four charter franchises of the National Women's Hockey League.
After the Renegades loss in the first round of the 2007 playoffs, Brian Goudie replaced Brophy as head coach.
Chelmsford played their first game against the Peterborough Titans in September 1987.
One of the few successful sports teams from the Bossier-Shreveport area, the Mudbugs found success early.
The Michigan Soo Indians, also known as the American Soo Indians, was a professional ice hockey team from Sault Ste.
They also introduced a caveman theme, and had a mascot dressed as a caveman who waved around a sponge club and chants.
In the Summer of 2010, the Attack merged with the Pickering Panthers and left Ajax.
The original Greys, in their early years, won the 1924 and 1927 Memorial Cups as Dominion Junior Hockey Champions.
They played in the Western Junior C Hockey League.
They play in the Central Canada Hockey League Tier 2 of the Ottawa District Hockey Association, formerly known as the Eastern Ontario Junior Hockey League.
The Ajax Attack were a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Ajax, Ontario, Canada.
Their uniforms are similar to those of the NHL's Montreal Canadiens.
The Amherstburg Admirals are a Canadian junior ice hockey club based in Amherstburg, Ontario, Canada.
The Helena Bighorns were members of the NorPac from 2007 to 2011.
The club was founded in 1958 as RKS Sanoczanka, and has undergone a number of name changes.
They play in the Western division of the Greater Ontario Junior Hockey League.
Based in Macon, Georgia, the team played its home games at Macon Coliseum.
Ken Eansor is the current owner of the London Nationals.
The Eagles failed to garner sufficient spectator support to last a second season despite playing in a higher level league.
KH Zagłębie Sosnowiec is an ice hockey team from Sosnowiec, Poland.
Previously the Queen Bees played in black and gold or black and white horizontal stripes.
In season 1953–54 they won the Autumn Cup, the Scottish Cup and the Canada Cup.
They play at Centre Henry-Leonard in Baie-Comeau, Quebec, Canada.
They formerly played in the Eastern Ontario Junior Hockey League.
The Perth Thunder are a semi-professional ice hockey team based in Perth, Western Australia.
This article is about the defunct All American Hockey League Evansville IceMen franchise.
The Denver Daredevils were a professional roller hockey team based in Denver, Colorado, United States that played in Roller Hockey International.
League Championships won: 2001, 2003, 2005, 2007, 2008
The Eugene Generals are a USA Hockey-sanctioned Tier III ice hockey team playing in the United States Premier Hockey League-Elite Division.
The club was founded in 2010 as a merger of Örnsköldsviks SK's hockey department and KB 65.
The Carolina Ice Palace, also located in North Charleston, serves as a practice facility and backup arena for the Stingrays.
The most recent franchise was revived on August 15, 1996.
In 2012, the team became an affiliate of HC Sparta Praha, an Extraliga team, and their partnership ended in 2015.
They play in the Central Canada Hockey League Tier 2.
The Yarmouth Mariners are a Junior "A" team based out of Yarmouth, Nova Scotia.
Stavanger Ishockeyklubb, commonly referred to as Stavanger Oilers, is a Norwegian ice hockey team based in Stavanger, Norway.
They play in the Liga Mexicana Élite.
Aces fans were known for using small, ceremonial cow bells painted with the Aces insignia to show their support during games.
The team plays their home games at Victor Riley Arena in Cody, Wyoming.
The team played their first season in 2009–10.
In July 2010, the team ceased operations, and was replaced by the Sheffield Steeldogs, who took over the Scimitars spot in the EPL.
The Wranglers play their home games at South Cariboo Rec Centre.
Two alumni of the Hurricanes went on to play in the National Hockey League.
They ended on 1st place, staying in league with Piráti Chomutov.
They also played at Wheat City Arena until 1969, and the Manex Arena from 1969 to 1972.
The team is operated by the Buffalo Sabres Alumni Association.
The win also solidified the City of Pensacola's first ever professional sports championship.
The Telford Titans were an English National League ice hockey team that formed in 2007.
The Crushers play their home games at the Pictou County Wellness Centre.
The Wildcats played out of the 7,380-seat Kay Yeager Coliseum in Wichita Falls, Texas.
They are not known to be connected to another Georgetown Raiders team which is currently a member of the Ontario Provincial Junior A Hockey League.
The Sydney Ice Dogs are a semi-professional ice hockey team in the Australian Ice Hockey League.
After the 1973–74 season, the franchise moved to Detroit to become the Michigan Stags and again mid-season to Baltimore to become the Baltimore Blades.
In 1994 Larry H. Miller, who also owned the Utah Jazz and the Delta Center, sold the team to Detroit interests.
They play their home games at Osoyoos Sunbowl Arena.
The Surge played at the Coast Coliseum from the 2009–10 season through 2013-14.
The team plays their home games at Breezy Point Ice Arena in Breezy Point, Minnesota.
The team's first head coach was John Brophy.
After the team folded, the Edmonton Oilers were renamed Alberta Oilers with the intention of splitting their home games between Calgary and Edmonton.
They play in the Golden Horseshoe division of the Greater Ontario Junior Hockey League.
They usually play their home games on a Sunday at 17:15.
Both teams played their home games in the Erie County Field House.
The team have qualified for the playoffs on four occasions, winning the Goodall Cup in 2009 and finishing runners-up in 2010.
Rimouski then beat the 67's again in the semi-finals to set up a rematch of their opening game against the Knights.
In 2013, after AFC United relocated to Solna, Väsby IK once again formed their own football department.
Earlier incarnations of the Tigers have won numerous titles since the late 1930s.
Lincoln players have also made names for themselves in the NCAA Championship Game.
Frölundaborg is used when Scandinavium is occupied with other events.
Henrik Sedin is currently the captain of the team, Travis Green is the head coach and Jim Benning is the general manager.
The West Toronto Nationals, also known as the "Westionals", were a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey Association from 1929 to 1936.
A new club with the same name was then created, but it consists solely of junior and amateur teams.
The Creston Valley Thunder Cats are a junior 'B' ice hockey team based in Creston, British Columbia, Canada.
Based at Akwesasne in the Mohawk Nation Territory, the Warriors played at the A`nowara`ko:wa Arena.
However, Michel couldn't get a suitable lease for the Gardens.
The Canadians were members of the Thunder Bay Junior A Hockey League and were 1972 National Centennial Cup quarter-finalists, losing to the eventual winner Guelph CMC's.
They play their home games at the River Falls Youth Hockey Rink, located in River Falls, Wisconsin.
The club has received the Evening Telegram Trophy on four occasions after finishing first in the NSHL regular season.
They play at Tampereen jäähalli in Tampere, Finland.
HK Lida is a Belarusian ice hockey team that plays in the Belarusian Extraleague.
They play in the Pervaya Liga, the third level of Russian ice hockey.
In 2001, the club was promoted to the Ligue Magnus.
They are members of the Central Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League.
The RiverFrogs games were locally known for the amount of non-hockey-related entertainment at shows, including a giant frog blimp, hot tubs, and concession booths.
The team is set to become Genève-Servette HC's official affiliate for the 2018/19 NLB season.
The New England Wolves are a Tier III junior ice hockey team playing in the Eastern Hockey League.
The team played their home games at the 2,200-seat Hardee's Iceplex in Chesterfield, Missouri.
Their home ice rink is affectionately known as the Hive.
The team was founded in 2002 as the Western Sydney Ice Dogs but changed its name to Sydney Ice Dogs in 2008.
The team was founded in 2014 to replace the defunct Canberra Knights in the AIHL.
The Erie Panthers were a professional hockey team, and one of the founding members in the East Coast Hockey League.
They were active from 1960 to 2005.
The team name was changed to Hornets in 1970.
The Blazers were owned by local businessman Jim Pattison.
HC Topoľčany is an ice hockey team in Topoľčany, Slovakia.
The Cochrane Crunch are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based out of Cochrane, Ontario, Canada.
The Knights started out in 1965 as the London Nationals but changed to their current name in 1968.
The Bristol Pitbulls are an ice hockey team representing Bristol, England, currently playing in the NIHL South Division 2.
Previously it was affiliated with Atlant Moscow Oblast.
Brantford Blast are a Canadian senior ice hockey teams in the Ontario Hockey Association's Allan Cup Hockey, from Brantford, Ontario.
On September 9, 2015, the Gladiators announced they were changing their name from the Gwinnett Gladiators to the Atlanta Gladiators.
Prior to their eviction, the Whalers led the FHL home attendance for the league's first five seasons.
They are members of the Western Conference of the United States Hockey League.
The Saint John Flames were an ice hockey team in the American Hockey League from 1993 to 2003 in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada.
The Hamburg Crocodiles are an ice hockey team in Hamburg, Germany.
The Cumberland County Blues are a Canadian Junior ice hockey club from Springhill, Nova Scotia.
The Fort Erie Meteors are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Fort Erie, Ontario, Canada.
Tingsryd plays their home matches at Nelson Garden Arena, which has a capacity of 3,400 spectators.
The Strait Pirates are a Canadian Junior B hockey team from Port Hawkesbury, Nova Scotia.
The Macon Mayhem are a Southern Professional Hockey League team based in Macon, Georgia, and play in the Macon Coliseum.
The Telford Tigers are an National Ice Hockey League ice hockey team that formed in 1985.
They played at the MetraPark Arena in Billings, Montana.
The Danbury Trashers are a defunct United Hockey League ice hockey team that was located in Danbury, Connecticut.
The Rebels were the host team of the 2016 Memorial Cup tournament.
The Summerland Steam are a Canadian Junior "B" ice hockey team based in Summerland, British Columbia.
In 1959, the name changed back to the Winnipeg Rangers.
The team was also briefly an affiliate of Lev Praha, a former KHL team.
The Blackburn Buccaneers are a recreational ice hockey team who play their home games from Blackburn Ice Arena.
They are not to be confused with a junior club of the same name which played in the Ontario Hockey Association from 1945 to 1960.
Prior to being in Birmingham, the team was known as the Ottawa Nationals and the Toronto Toros.
The Toronto Young Rangers were a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey Association from 1937–38 until the conclusion of the 1947–48 season.
The team is based in Windsor, Ontario, Canada.
They played in the Central Hockey League in the 1977-78 season.
The Toronto Professional Hockey Club was Toronto's first professional ice hockey team, founded in 1906.
This team was originally named the Muskegon Zephyrs.
They compiled an overall record of 162–220–28.
The Rockland Nationals will begin play in 2017-18, after the Gloucester Rangers relocated to Rockland after nearly 50 years in Gloucester.
Former alumnus Murray Costello was inducted as a builder as the long-serving president of the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association, a role he assumed after his retirement.
They played in the Sunshine Hockey League, later renamed the Southern Hockey League, from 1992–1996.
This was the second Wranglers ice hockey team established in Amarillo, Texas; the first being the Pittsburgh Penguins farm team described in a separate entry.
They are a part of the Quebec Junior AAA Hockey League.
This building is the now the home of the Chicago Wolves of the American Hockey League.
The team played their home games at the 1,200-seat Maple Grove Community Center located in Maple Grove, Minnesota.
The team played in the City of Sarnia, Ontario, Canada and participated in the International Hockey League and the OHA Senior A Hockey League afterwards.
They are one of the four charter franchises of the National Women's Hockey League.
The Corsaires de Dunkerque are an ice hockey team in Dunkerque, France.
The Topeka Scarecrows were a professional ice hockey team located in Topeka, Kansas, playing their home games at Landon Arena.
The Omaha Lancers are a Tier I junior ice hockey team and are members of the West Division of the United States Hockey League.
The club was founded in 1936 as Rauma Woodin Lukko, and play their home games in the Äijänsuo Arena which has a capacity of 5,400 spectators.
The Nitehawks play their home games at Beaver Valley Arena.
Brunflo IK is a Swedish ice hockey club based in Brunflo.
They are the AHL affiliate of the National Hockey League's New York Islanders, who also own the franchise, since its inception.
The Drummondville Voltigeurs are a junior ice hockey team of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.
Patriot Budapest was an ice hockey club, based in Budapest, Hungary.
The Mooretown Flags are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team from Mooretown, Ontario.
The Nanaimo Buccaneers are a junior 'B' ice hockey team based in Nanaimo, British Columbia.
They play in the VHL, the second level of Russian ice hockey.
They play their home games at the Poirier Sport & Leisure Complex.
They played in the Latvian Hockey League and the Eastern European Hockey League.
Bílí Tygři Liberec are a professional ice hockey club based in Liberec, Czech Republic.
The Port Huron Icehawks were a minor league professional ice hockey team based in Port Huron, Michigan.
The Chicago Wolves are a professional ice hockey team playing in the Central Division of the Western Conference of the American Hockey League.
The Bartercard Gold Coast Blue Tongues, formerly known as the Brisbane Blue Tongues was a former semi-professional ice hockey team in the Australian Ice Hockey League.
The Edmonton Oil Kings are a major junior ice hockey team based in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada that play in the Western Hockey League.
In 1954 Clarence Richard formed the St.Paul Junior B Canadiens.
The team's charity is Australian Prostate Cancer Research Centre – Queensland.
The Sudbury Cubs were a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Sudbury, Ontario, Canada.
The Braves play their home games at George Pearkes Arena.
They were eligible to compete for the Edmonton Journal Trophy as Western Canadian Intermediate A Champions.
The Westfort Hurricanes were a Canadian Junior ice hockey club from Fort William, Ontario.
They played in the Vysshaya Liga, the second level of Russian ice hockey, from 2008-2010.
They play their home games at Holmen Ishall.
They play in the National Capital Junior Hockey League.
The Cape Cod Buccaneers were a professional ice hockey team based in Cape Cod, MA.
The Amarillo Gorillas were a minor league hockey team based in Amarillo, Texas.
The White Caps play in the Belgian Hockey League and North Sea Cup.
The Boston Advantage are an American youth ice hockey team based in Hingham, Massachusetts.
The team is based in Odessa, Texas and plays their home games at Ector County Coliseum.
The Slave Lake Wolves were a Junior "B" Ice Hockey team based in Slave Lake, Alberta, Canada.
The Hornets finished third overall in the International Hockey League's 1956–57 season.
The team was a member of the Central Hockey League from their founding in 1998 until 2001 when there franchise was terminated by the league midseason.
In 2010, the Kerzners, the former owners of the folded Cyclones, were granted another expansion franchise in the Augusta RiverHawks.
The New York Apple Core are a Tier III Junior A ice hockey team from Brewster, New York playing in the Eastern Hockey League- Premier Division.
The Blazers won the CHL championship in 1966 under player-coach Harry Sinden and repeated in 1967.
Milenyum Paten Spor Kulübü is a Turkish women's ice hockey team in Ankara, Turkey playing in the Turkish Ice Hockey Women's League.
The Orangeville Crushers were a Canadian Junior "A" ice hockey team from Orangeville, Ontario.
The club has been playing in the Swedish Hockey League, the top tier of ice hockey in Sweden, since the 1984–85 season.
The club merged with Levski Sofia in 1969, forming Levski-Spartak Sofia.
The team was a member of the All American Hockey League and began its inaugural season in October 2009 as the Detroit Hitmen.
The team's first coach was Alain Chainey, who had previously been an assistant coach with the National Hockey League's Quebec Nordiques.
Their biggest success in that league was a third-place finish in 2005-06.
The Thorold Blackhawks are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Thorold, Ontario.
When the EAHL suspended operations in 1953, the Jets transferred to the International Hockey League, where they played two seasons.
The Dawson Creek Kodiaks were a Canadian Junior ice hockey team from Dawson Creek, British Columbia, Canada.
They play in the Junior Hockey League Division B, the second level of junior ice hockey in Russia.
In 2011, the Seagulls were re-formed as a recreational ice hockey team, playing home games at the Sub Zero Ice Rink in Cleveleys.
Currently, the team compete in the Turkish Ice Hockey Super League and play their home matches in Silivrikapı Ice Skating Hall.
Certain players also ice for or have iced for their Elite League counterparts.
Co-owner Mike Ryan then moved all Cheetahs home contests to the Odeum in 1995.
The team has played at the Peterborough Memorial Centre in Peterborough, Ontario, Canada, since 1956, and is the oldest continuously operating team in the league.
At the conclusion of the 1996-97 CHL season, the Fort Worth Fire won the league championship in seven games against the Memphis RiverKings in Fort Worth.
The Hartford Jr. Wolfpack are a Tier III Junior A ice hockey team playing in the Eastern Hockey League.
The Icebreakers 34-28-8 record was good for 76 points and 3rd place in the Northeast Division, 15 points behind the division leading Roanoke Express.
It plays its games in Poprad, Slovakia.
With their Stanley Cup wins in 2016 and 2017, the Penguins became the first back-to-back champions in 19 years, since the 1997–98 Detroit Red Wings.
The Mitchell Mohawks are a junior 'C' and minor hockey organization based in Mitchell, Manitoba.
The team played their home games at The Rink Ice Arena in Elkins Park, Pennsylvania.
They were founded in 2008, and play in the Pervaya Liga, the third level of Russian ice hockey.
The team was replaced by a whole new team and organisation launched a "Masterplan 2018”
The franchise began in the now-defunct International Hockey League in 1996 and merged into the AHL in 2001.
The Hawks were members of the World United Hockey League.
The Brooklyn Skating Club played in the American Amateur Hockey League between 1896 and 1907 and won the championship title in 1898–99.
The Des Moines Buccaneers are a Tier 1 junior ice hockey team of the United States Hockey League.
The team plays their home games at Fraser Hockeyland in Fraser, Michigan.
A member of the "Original Six," the Maple Leafs were founded in 1917, operating simply as Toronto and known then as the Toronto Arenas.
The Fort Worth Texans were a professional ice hockey team based in Fort Worth, Texas.
In the entire 2008/2009 season, the Chieftains allowed a single point, to the Invicta Mustangs at the start of the season.
In 2012, the team was renamed the Mississauga Steelheads.
They play in the Eliteliga, the third level of ice hockey in Austria.
The Bearcats were the 1998 Allan Cup Canadian National champions of Senior hockey.
The team was often known as the "Biltmores" and sponsored by the Guelph Biltmore Hat Company, and played home games at the Guelph Memorial Gardens.
The Melbourne Glaciers are an Australian junior ice hockey team based in Melbourne, Victoria playing in the Australian Junior Ice Hockey League.
The team currently use the name of "Les Ducs d'Angers".
Reiverlöwen Oberhausen was an ice hockey team in Oberhausen, Germany.
The team played its home games at the Concordia University, Ed Meagher Arena in Montreal, Canada.
The Vancouver Canucks are a professional ice hockey team based in Vancouver, British Columbia.
They play their home games in Furuset Forum.
The franchise was originally granted for the 1982–83 season, and is based in Drummondville, Quebec, playing its home games at the Centre Marcel Dionne.
Kongsvinger Knights is a Norwegian ice hockey team based in Kongsvinger, Norway.
The team moved to Sherbrooke, in 1992, where they were renamed the Sherbrooke Faucons, and later, the Sherbrooke Castors and Lewiston Maineiacs.
However, both the FHL and the ECHA folded after the season, leading to the eventual formation of the National Hockey Association.
The Northern Lights Hockey played in the Minnesota Junior Hockey League, a college preparatory league.
The Temiscaming Royals were a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based in Témiscaming, Quebec, Canada.
As a Western Canadian Junior B franchise, the Canadiens are eligible for the Keystone Cup.
The Hounds also had a junior "B" team that played in the South Saskatchewan Junior B Hockey League, but the team folded after the 2005–06 Season.
Mikkelin Jukurit is an ice hockey team in the SM-liiga.
Full name of the club is KOOVEE Ry.
The organization used to have a senior men's team which played in the Czech 1.liga, the second level of Czech ice hockey.
The team originated in Oswego, New York as the Oswego Admirals.
The club currently competes in Division 1, the third tier of ice hockey in Sweden.
The team is currently independent, following the dissolution of the Western Women's Hockey League in the early 2010s.
They play in the Western Ontario Athletic Association Senior Hockey League.
The Icehawks were owned by Larry Kinney, owner and CEO of Datapak Services Corporation of Howell, MI.
Their home rink was the Pacific Coliseum in Vancouver, British Columbia, an arena previously used by the National Hockey League's Vancouver Canucks.
Led by Don Westbrooke's three goals, The Totems won the game 8-4.
They are members of the Tier 1 Elite Hockey League and the Elite 9 Hockey League along with the Boston Hockey League.
It played in the American Hockey League from 1982–1986 as the farm team of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Milan-Inter HC was an ice hockey team in Milan, Italy.
Surahammars IF is a sports club in Surahammar, Sweden.
The Port Huron Border Cats were a minor league professional ice hockey team in the United Hockey League that played from 1996 to 2002.
It was designed by noted Tacoma architect Frederick Heath.
The Boston Jr. Terriers are a Tier I and Tier II Elite and AAA youth ice hockey organization playing in the Eastern Hockey Federation.
The teams play in the Ankara Ice Palace.
The team got its name from the "Steel Phantom" rollercoaster, located at Kennywood Park, a theme park located in the suburb of West Mifflin, Pennsylvania.
The Edmonton Oilers are a professional ice hockey team based in Edmonton, Alberta.
The Thornhill Thunderbirds were a Canadian Junior "B" ice hockey team from Thornhill, Ontario.
A member of the Manitoba Major Junior Hockey League, the Twisters play their home games at Morris Multiplex.
They played in Cleveland, Ohio, United States, at the Cleveland Arena.
The Stars play at the Skate 3 Arena located in Tyngsboro, Massachusetts as members of the North American 3 Hockey League.
Below is a list of all former Alumni and current players who have played collegiate level lacrosse.
They are members of the Harold Brittain Conference of the Pacific Junior Hockey League.
The team moved to Atlantic City, New Jersey and was renamed the Atlantic City Boardwalk Bullies in 2001.
The Elora Rocks are a senior hockey team based out of Elora, Ontario, Canada.
The Abbotsford Flyers were a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada.
The Pirates are best known for being involved in the first known trade of professional hockey players.
The team used a total of 6 goalies, one of which included future William M. Jennings award winner Bryan Hayward.
They became affiliated with the Anaheim Ducks after being dropped from the Tampa Bay Lightning following their 2012 AHL championship season.
The following year the team was disbanded.
They are currently playing in the Spanish League and their home arena is the Palau de Gel.
They play in the Liga Nacional de Hockey Hielo, the top level of ice hockey in Spain.
No word if the team will return for the 2012 season.
The New Haven Senators are a former ice hockey team that played in the American Hockey League during the 1992–93 AHL season.
The Indianapolis Inferno was a Tier III Junior B ice hockey team located in Indianapolis, Indiana.
By January 2007 all but one of those teams had ceased operations.
The Barracuda are a relocation of the former Worcester Sharks AHL franchise, they joined several other AHL franchises to form the AHL's Pacific Division in 2015.
Östersunds IK is a Swedish hockey club from Östersund.
The English River Miners are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based in Red Lake, Ontario.
The Admirals played in Norfolk, Virginia at the Norfolk Scope.
Some notable NHL players were born in Třebíč and started their hockey career in this club: Patrik Eliáš, Martin Erat and Vladimír Sobotka
HC CSKA Sofia is an ice hockey team from Sofia, Bulgaria that currently plays in the Bulgarian Hockey League.
The 's-Hertogenbosch Red Eagles are an ice hockey team in 's-Hertogenbosch, the Netherlands.
Truva Paten Spor Kulübü, aka Ankara Truva, is a Turkish ice hockey club based in Ankara, Turkey.
During that period, in the 1967–68 season, the Comets produced an awe-inspiring 57–5–10 record.
It is a relatively new team, for it entered the senior hockey competition in 2010.
They are the primary development affiliate of the National Hockey League's Tampa Bay Lightning.
The Wild was the only professional ice hockey team ever to be based in the state of Vermont.
The Flames are one of two NHL franchises in Alberta; the other is the Edmonton Oilers.
The team was based in Hamilton, Ontario.
The team plays their home games at Ford Ice Center in Antioch, Tennessee, after spending their first two seasons at A-Game SportsPlex in Franklin, Tennessee.
They have a dedicated 'Boomerang Corner' which sits a large group of fans who generate noise and start most of the chants.
It played in the Superliga Espanola de Hockey Hielo from 1972-1975 and from 2002-2006.
The team was founded in 1883 as the Ottawa Senators, a successful independent team that joined the NHL as a charter member in 1917.
The Valley Wildcats are a Canadian junior ice hockey franchise from the Annapolis Valley region of Nova Scotia.
The team played in the City of Owen Sound, Ontario, Canada and participated in the Major Series Lacrosse and the OLA Senior B Lacrosse League.
Borlänge HF currently plays in the West group of Hockeyettan, the third tier of Swedish ice hockey.
They play in the Golden Horseshoe Conference of the Greater Ontario Junior Hockey League.
They play at the Rudny Ice Palace.
The Mississauga Chiefs was a professional women's ice hockey team that plays in Mississauga, Ontario.
For the original WHL franchise of same name, see: Great Falls Americans.
The Express were affiliated with the Quebec Nordiques and Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League.
They hosted the Memorial Cup tournament in 2000, and won the Memorial Cup in 2013.
The Baltimore Clippers were an American professional ice hockey team.
They are members of the North West Junior Hockey League.
The Jr. Brahmas played in the Western States Hockey League for four seasons before joining the NA3HL prior to the 2014–15 season.
Another Washington Lions team played in the Eastern Hockey League from 1944–47.
KOOVEE is a Finnish ice hockey team based at Tampere.
The Montréal Mission are a team in the National Ringette League that gathers players from the region of Montreal, Quebec.
They played in the Western Ontario Athletic Association Senior Hockey League.
Johnny Wilson led the team for its final season, also losing in the first round of the post-season.
The 1908 Winnipeg Maple Leafs team included such players as Barney Holden, Jack Winchester, Lorne Campbell, Hamby Shore and Fred Lake.
Mats Sundin, Marcus Ragnarsson, Johan Garpenlöv, Fredrik Lindquist and Leif Svensson are well known players who have played hockey for Nacka HK or its predecessors.
They played their home games at the Bradford R. Boss Ice Arena on the Kingston campus of the University of Rhode Island.
The team, the third to use the Gulls nickname, was founded in 1995 immediately upon the departure of the IHL team of the same name.
They originally played in the Quebec Junior Hockey League, but became a founding member of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League in 1969.
They play in the Mid-Western Conference of the Greater Ontario Junior Hockey League.
They are a member of the Athletic Club de Boulogne-Billancourt association.
The team colors were red and white, similar to the Detroit Red Wings, their NHL affiliate for fourteen of their sixteen seasons.
The team compiled an 80-24-8 record in the first and only two seasons.
Gary Boyer is the team's president and general manager, Suneil Karod is the coach and they are captained by Nick Gomerich.
The team plays their home games at the Carleton Civic Centre, known to fans as "Slammerland" or "Slammertown, Canada".
They were an inaugural member of the Atlantic Coast Hockey League and were owned by future WWE CEO Vince McMahon.
The Blades won the Turner Cup in 1964 and 1967.
The Lighting were 2007 PWHL silver medallists and 2006 bronze medallists, and 2013 Ontario Intermediate AA champions and 2006 silver medallists.
Previously, the Haie played their home games at the Eisstadion an der Lentstrasse.
The Portland Buckaroos was the name of several professional ice hockey teams based in Portland, Oregon.
The Deggendorf Fire are an ice hockey team in Deggendorf, Germany.
The Perth Pelicans are an Australian junior ice hockey team based in Perth, Western Australia playing in the Australian Junior Ice Hockey League.
They have won two Goodall Cup championships since their founding in 2000, most recently in 2007.
The focus now of the club is ice hockey, although they have had the highest success with association football and bandy.
The Laval Predators was an ice hockey team based in Laval, Quebec which competed in the Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey from 2013 to 2017.
They replaced the original Buffalo Bisons hockey team, which left the area in 1936 after its arena collapsed.
The Ice Dogs play home games at the 2,200-seat Big Dipper Ice Arena in Fairbanks, Alaska.
The Saugeen Shores Winterhawks are a senior hockey team in the WOAA Senior Hockey League based out of Saugeen Shores, Ontario, Canada.
The 2008-09 Rockhoppers were coached by Brian Gratz.
The Jr.A Mountaineers were the 2012 Alberta Champions and were one of the only Alberta based teams to reach the Semi-Finals in the Minto Cup.
On April 18, 2015, the Ice Bears defeated the Mississippi RiverKings 4-2 to sweep the 2015 SPHL Finals and win their 4th President's Cup.
The Madison Capitols are a Tier I junior ice hockey team that plays in the Eastern Conference of the United States Hockey League.
Schlittschuh Club Bern is an ice hockey team based in Bern, Switzerland.
Their home arena was the Citizens Business Bank Arena.
The Ice Hawks play a 45+ regular season games, in addition to showcase and post season games.
For the current team of the same name that began playing in 2010, see: Dubuque Fighting Saints.
CH Leganes was an ice hockey team in Leganés, Spain.
In the intermediate years, the played at the Junior B level, from 1936–41, and again from 1944-46.
The Johnstown Tomahawks are a Tier II junior ice hockey team in the North American Hockey League's East Division.
The IceCats currently play in the Northwest Division of the Western States Hockey League.
After the 2004–05 season, the franchise was suspended.
Orli Znojmo is a Czech-based ice hockey team that currently plays in the Austrian Hockey League.
The Tignish Aces are a Canadian Junior C ice hockey team based in Tignish, Prince Edward Island.
The club is based in Přerov and their home arena is Zimní stadion Přerov.
In 1962-63, Zephyrs defenceman Gerry Glaude became the first defenceman in pro hockey history to score 100 points in one season.
They play their home games at the Arena Polarica, which seats 1500 spectators.
The team began play in 1991, in the Rocky Mountain Junior Hockey League.
The Kölner Haie play their home games in the DEL and DEB-Pokal at the Lanxess Arena, which opened in 1998, located in Cologne-Deutz.
Despite this, the original primary and alternate logos consisted of a puck bouncing off a hockey mask and the state of Idaho respectively.
HC Vítkovice Steel is an ice hockey club based in Vítkovice in the Czech Republic, competing in the Czech Extraliga.
The Stockton Thunder was a minor league professional ice hockey team that was based in Stockton, California and a member of the ECHL.
For their first eight seasons, the team played their home games in the Mid-South Coliseum in Memphis, Tennessee.
This article is about the current Odessa Jackalopes of the NAHL.
They are members of the Tom Shaw Conference of the Pacific Junior Hockey League.
ESV Kaufbeuren is a professional ice hockey team based in Kaufbeuren, Germany.
The team plays its home games at the Cambria County War Memorial Arena in Johnstown, Pennsylvania.
The club was founded in 1980, and is the most established hockey club in the country.
On May 31, 2011, the QMJHL decided to fold the team following eight years of financial losses.
In 1982, the Rockies relocated to New Jersey where they have since been known as the New Jersey Devils.
The team has previously played in the Metro Junior A Hockey League, Ontario Provincial Junior A Hockey League, and the Ontario Junior Hockey League.
The team plays its home games at the Spokane Arena.
TEV Miesbach is an ice hockey team in Miesbach, Germany.
The team plays its home games at the Summit Sports & Ice Complex in Dimondale, Michigan, a suburb of Lansing.
They played out of Compuware Arena in Plymouth, Michigan, USA, a suburb of Detroit until 2015 when they were relocated to Flint, Michigan.
The team's most recent head coach was Brian Pellerin.
The team plays out of Macquarie Ice Rink in Sydney, New South Wales.
The Norwich Merchants are a Canadian junior hockey team based in Norwich, Ontario, Canada.
The Newmarket Saints were a minor league hockey team in Newmarket, Ontario.
The club competed in the NHL until the 1933–34 season.
Prior to 2017, the Panthers were members of the National Capital Junior Hockey League.
The Ajax Merchants are a defunct Tier II Junior "A" ice hockey team from Ajax, Ontario, Canada.
The team moved to Knoxville, Tennessee before the 1999–2000 season.
They are members of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League.
HK Jahorina was an ice hockey team in Pale, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
They are members of the South Division of the Vancouver Island Junior Hockey League.
They play in Okotoks, Alberta, Canada at the Pason Centennial Arena.
The club was founded in 2008, and plays their home games at the Elektrenai Ice Palace.
Their home arena is Zimní stadion Luďka Čajky in Zlín.
The OAMPS Queensland Scorchers are an Australian women's field hockey team based in Queensland that play in the Australian Hockey League.
They play their games at Moray Leisure Centre in Elgin.
That season's playoff run included the Carlson brothers, Jeff, Jack and Steve, who became the basis for the Hanson Brothers in the movie Slap Shot.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec.
They are coached by Paul Dawson and play out of the South Shore Actiplex.
Before then, the team played at Kempehallen, beginning in 1964.
The organization continues to host youth hockey programs in the Massachusetts Premier Development Hockey League.
Previously, Moncton was home to the New Brunswick Hawks, Moncton Alpines, and the Moncton Golden Flames.
The franchise was a member of several different leagues, the Southern Hockey League, the Central Hockey League and the South East Hockey League.
They play their home games at the Maverik Center in West Valley City, Utah.
Aston University is a public research university situated at Gosta Green, in the city centre of Birmingham, England.
In 1987, team marketing executive Larry Haley was awarded the Ken McKenzie Award for outstanding work.
Despite efforts to revive the team, the franchise was cancelled in 1947, leaving the Canadiens as the sole team in Montreal.
They played their home games at the Mobile Civic Center.
Chocolate manufacturer Milton S. Hershey first established the "Hershey Hockey Club" in 1932 to manage pro hockey teams based in Hershey.
The Arena Company was then granted a permanent franchise for the 1918–19 season that evolved into today's Toronto Maple Leafs.
The Lakers joined the Greater Metro Junior A Hockey League in 2015.
A banner is now on display in the Amarillo Civic Center commemorating the Wranglers’ championship season.
The Drayton Valley Thunder is a Canadian Junior ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League.
They were founded as the Washington Lions, then were relocated from Washington, D.C.
Sprague Cleghorn, inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1958, and his brother Odie Cleghorn played for New York Wanderers in the 1909–10 season.
John Brophy was the team's coach for all four seasons.
Mariestad BoIS HC is an ice hockey club from Mariestad, Sweden.
They are members of the South Division of the Vancouver Island Junior Hockey League.
The squad was bolstered in January 1996 with the arrival of Zac George - the City Wasps only import player.
The San Diego Sabers are a junior ice hockey team.
Toronto Shooting Stars were a Canadian professional indoor lacrosse team that played in the Canadian Lacrosse League.
Grant Holtz is the team's president, Jason Stephens is the general manager and coach.
The Stingrays have finished with the best record in the ECHL once, and qualified for the playoffs for every season except one.
Its uniform is identical to the classic "blue and gold" Sabres home uniform from 1970 to 1996.
They play their home games at Kisapuisto in Lappeenranta, Finland.
The Hawks operated as a minor league affiliate of the Chicago Black Hawks and the Toronto Maple Leafs, with a winning record each of four seasons.
The Vancouver Giants are a major junior ice hockey team playing in the Western Hockey League.
The South Carolina Stingrays are a professional minor league ice hockey team based in North Charleston, South Carolina.
The team was founded in 2002, and played in the Bosnia and Herzegovina Hockey League in the 2002-03 season.
During their first season in 1980–81, the Fighting Saints record was 52-11-2, a league record.
The Titans played their home games at the Sun National Bank Center in Trenton, New Jersey.
The Hull Thunder were a British ice hockey club from Kingston upon Hull, England.
The Yellowstone Quake is a USA Hockey-sanctioned Tier III Junior ice hockey team playing in the North American 3 Hockey League.
They are the ECHL affiliate of the Pittsburgh Penguins of the NHL and the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins of the AHL.
They played in the Southern Professional Hockey League from 2010 to 2013.
The new team was founded on June 25, 1997, but started playing in the 2000–01 NHL season.
ČEZ Motor České Budějovice is a professional men's ice hockey club, based in České Budějovice, Czech Republic.
However the Sabercats were defeated by the defending champion San Diego Gulls in the league's Taylor Cup finals.
The team is based out of Chicoutimi, Quebec and owned by the City of Saguenay.
Hockey from 1967-1972 featured fights that erupted into bench clearing brawls and some that erupted outside the rink with fans joining the action.
The club was founded as Saguenay Paramedic in 2002, in 2004, they changed to Saguenay Fjord.
The Dundas Blues are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Dundas, Ontario, Canada.
The Dundee Stars are a professional ice hockey team based in the Scottish city of Dundee.
The team was founded in 2009 in the Central Hockey League where they played for five seasons, winning the Ray Miron President's Cup twice.
Saryarka became a farm club of Avangard Omsk in 2015 off-season.
The town of Nepean was granted expansion after the Cornwall Royals and the Hull Hawks left the CJHL for the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.
Kalev-Välk is an ice hockey team located in Tartu, Estonia, and playing in the Meistriliiga, the top tier of the Estonian hockey league system.
The Carleton Place Canadians are a Canadian junior ice hockey team from Carleton Place, Ontario.
The Mount Pearl Samurai are a Canadian senior ice hockey team from Mount Pearl, Newfoundland and Labrador.
The team are the current Belgian national ice hockey champions, having won the league playoffs in 2013.
Previously the franchise played as the Chesapeake Icebreakers in Upper Marlboro, Maryland prior to their relocation following the 1998–99 season.
They play their games at Galleon Centre in Kilmarnock.
The organization never won the Kelly Cup, the ECHL championship trophy.
Liga, however, the team was relegated to the Czech 2. liga at the end of the season.
They were the first AHL team to be located in Atlantic Canada, and would be the first to play in the Halifax Metro Centre.
Prior to moving up to the OHA, the team played in the "Toronto Junior Hockey League."
Spartak Sofia is an ice hockey team in Sofia, Bulgaria.
They played in the Ontario Hockey Association from 1949 to 1955 and were operated as an affiliate of the Chicago Black Hawks.
The Rio Grande Valley Killer Bees were a minor league professional ice hockey team that played in the Central Hockey League.
The Toledo Mercurys are a defunct International Hockey League franchise from Toledo, Ohio.
They played in the Ontario Hockey Association from 1943 to 1944.
They played their home games at Red Deer Arena until 2016 when it was torn down to be rebuilt.
The Nationals were coached by Billy Harris and led on the ice by Wayne Carleton, who scored 42 goals and 92 points during the season.
The club was formed in 1956 by the merger of Hockey Club Milano Inter and HC Diavoli Rossoneri Milano.
Originally members of the United Junior Hockey League and later the Northern Junior Hockey League.
They were members of the Harold Britain Conference of the Pacific Junior Hockey League before being relocated to the Tom Shaw Conference for the 2014-15 season.
This was a rare instance of an AHL team not having the same basic logo as its NHL affiliate in terms of having the same name.
The Bobcats played in the Metro Junior B Hockey League.
IIHF Hall of Fame members Nils Nilsson and Ulf Sterner played for the Forshaga.
The Helena Bighorns are a Tier III Junior A ice hockey team in the North American 3 Hockey League based in Helena, Montana United States.
The team originated in neighbouring Orillia, Ontario, and played in the Ontario Junior A Hockey League.
Ice Wolves road games are broadcast on CJLR FM 89.9 with Play-by-Play Announcer, Braden Malsbury.
The franchise originally started as the Summerland Sting in 2001, then relocated to Penticton as the Penticton Lakers in 2009.
They won the league in the 2009-2010 season, and were thus promoted to the First League.
The SA Suns are a women's field hockey team based in South Australia that competes in the Australian Hockey League.
The club was founded in 1981, and began playing in the Segunda Division.
In 2006, the Devils purchased the Lock Monsters and rebranded the franchise as the Lowell Devils for the 2006–07 AHL season.
The Mississauga IceDogs are a former junior ice hockey team in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.
Titan played in the First League starting with 2003 until it joined the VHL in the 2011–2012 season.
The Cape Breton Screaming Eagles is a Canadian major junior ice hockey team in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.
The team joined the league as an expansion team to start in the 2009–10 season.
The Twin Cities Northern Lights were a Tier III Jr. A ice hockey team located in Bloomington, Minnesota, USA, a southwest suburb of Minneapolis-Saint Paul.
Despite not being a continuation of the Generals franchise, the Warriors represent a continuation of Flint's rich hockey tradition.
The Eagles play at the Budweiser Events Center in Loveland and serves the Fort Collins-Loveland metropolitan area.
They play their home games at Coaldale Arena.
The team played its home games at the Cajundome and were last an affiliate of the NHL Minnesota Wild and the AHL Houston Aeros.
The Blue Jackets play their home games at Nationwide Arena in downtown Columbus, which opened in 2000.
HC ZUBR Přerov is an ice hockey team currently playing in the Czech Second National Hockey League.
Holding three European Cup titles, Kometa ranks as the most successful Czech club in international ice hockey.
The club has mostly competed in the two highest tiers of Norwegian hocke.
They are members of Major League Roller Hockey.
They won their most recent title in 2010.
With the change of league name the division the Aeros play in was also changed to the Richardson Division.
They are members of the Northern-West Division in the Junior Hockey League.
They were affiliates of the Florida Panthers.
Rostock Piranhas are the male first team of the Rostocker Ice Hockey Club, based in Rostock, Germany.
They played in the All-American Hockey League in the 1988-89 season.
They play in the Inter-National League, the second level of ice hockey in Austria and Slovenia.
The Toronto Native Sons were a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey Association from 1933 until 1942.
Their final two seasons were played in Brampton, Ontario at the Powerade Centre.
The Kamloops Blazers are a major junior ice hockey team currently members of the B.C.
The league transformed into the American Hockey League in 1940.
The team relocated prior to the start of the first WHA season when team owner Bob Brownridge died.
The Chatham Maroons are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Chatham, Ontario, Canada.
Luke Hernandez took over as head coach midway through the 2016–17 season and remained in the role heading into the 2017–18 season.
Heinolan Peliitat is an ice hockey club based in Heinola, Finland.
The team is nicknamed the Snakes and played their home games at the Columbus Civic Center.
The St. Catharines Saints are a Canadian Senior box lacrosse team.
The new owners renamed the NHL franchise after the amateur club, and as the St. Patricks the team won the Stanley Cup in 1922.
They were founded in 2002, and play in the Kazakhstan Hockey Championship, the top level of ice hockey in Kazakhstan.
The Maroons were a highly competitive team, winning the Stanley Cup twice and finishing first in their division twice more.
They play in the Slovak Extraliga, the top level of ice hockey in the country.
IF Vallentuna BK is a sports club based in Vallentuna, Stockholm County, Sweden.
The Sydney Sirens are an ice hockey team in the Australian Women's Ice Hockey League.
The club is playing in the SHL, since the 2015–16 season.
The Westport Rideaus are a Junior "B" ice hockey team based out of Westport, Ontario.
The Espanola Kings were a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Espanola, Ontario, Canada.
They were spun off from the Montreal Shamrocks lacrosse club.
Bellingham sold the bankrupt club to Tom Wall, who renamed the team the Toronto Ontarios.
The Sydney Bears are an amateur ice hockey team in the Australian Ice Hockey League.
The team was founded in 2001 by Kevin Constantine, a former coach of the NHL's Pittsburgh Penguins.
They started play in 1967 as the Fort Worth Wings, a minor league affiliate for the Detroit Red Wings.
The Lethbridge Sugar Kings were a founding junior "A" ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League based in Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada.
The Petrolia Squires are a Canadian Senior ice hockey team based in Petrolia, Ontario, Canada.
The New Westminster Bruins were a junior ice hockey team from the Western Hockey League.
Bergen Ishockeyklubb is an ice hockey club from Bergen.
The Devils were formed when the Philadelphia Ramblers, a member of the Eastern Hockey League, relocated to Cherry Hill at the end of the 1963-64 season.
The team joined the Northern Pacific Hockey League's America West Division in 2003 when the league competed at the Tier III Jr. B level.
The head coach from 1969 to 1971 was Marshall Key.
Both the original and modern Nottingham Panthers played their home games at the Ice Stadium until 2000 when the team moved into the National Ice Centre.
The club was renamed EV Landsberg in 2010 and collapsed in 2011.
Their four-season tenure in Crowsnest Pass was almost singularly unsuccessful.
The Islanders compete out of the Cross Lake Sports Arena, a 1,200-seat facility.
Durham TurfDogs were a Canadian professional indoor lacrosse team that play in the Canadian Lacrosse League.
Zeyinburnu Belediyespor, short for, is the ice hockey team of Zeytinburnu Belediye S.K.
Their 19 consecutive playoff series wins between 1980 and 1984 is a feat that remains unparalleled in the history of professional sports.
Titan became a farm club of Severstal Cherepovets in 2012.
They play their home games at Kathrein-Stadion, located in Rosenheim, Oberbayern.
In 1966 the club moved to Havířov and was given the name AZ Havířov after Antonín Zápotocký Coal Mine.
In the 2013 offseason, the Tornado were sold to Texas Hockey Partners and relocated back to North Richland Hills becoming the Lone Star Brahmas.
It was sold in 2006 and moved to Cleveland where it returned to play in 2007 as the Lake Erie Monsters.
The team played in the Greater Metro Junior A Hockey League.
The club currently plays in the Swedish Hockey League, the top tier of ice hockey in Sweden.
Dylan Herzberg is currently the captain of the team and Brad Schmidt is the head coach.
The Île-des-Chênes North Stars are a Canadian senior ice hockey team based out of Ile des Chenes, Manitoba.
The RoughRiders' home ice is the Cedar Rapids Ice Arena.
Indianapolis won the Calder Cup in 1942 and 1950.
The Bracknell Bees are an ice hockey team from Bracknell, Berkshire, UK.
From 2004 to 2010, the team was known as the Rivière-du-Loup CIMT, named after the local TVA affiliate that sponsored the team.
They were founded in 2015, and play in the Kazakhstan Hockey Championship, the top level of ice hockey in Kazakhstan.
They also participated in the top-level French league yearly from 1991-2001.
Hardy Trophy, also known as the Hardy Cup, as the Canadian Intermediate A champions in 1982.
The team plays at the Centre Mario Gosselin.
At the close of the 1930s, the team was renamed the Stratford Kist, and subsequently became the Stratford Kroehlers.
Hammarby IF started playing hockey in 1921, playing their first matches using a group of curious bandy players.
The Humboldt Broncos are an ice hockey team from Humboldt, Saskatchewan, Canada.
The Broncos were established in anticipation of an Alberta rivalry between the Broncos and the Edmonton Oilers.
The Mississauga Steelheads are a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey League, based in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.
Between 1982-2005, the club was liquidated, and returned to I liga in 2006.
The most successful team in AHL history, the original incarnation of the Barons played in the AHL from 1937 to 1973.
However, the combination of a small, aging arena and low attendance forced the team to move soon after.
In 2007 The NorPac was granted Tier III Junior A status by USA Hockey.
The team originated as the Syracuse Braves in the Eastern Professional Hockey League's final season of 1962–63.
They play in the Serie B, the second level of ice hockey in Italy.
The Chevaliers finished runners-up both times losing to greater Montreal rival teams, the Verdun Juniors in 1983, and the Laval Voisins in 1984.
Their home arena is Zimní stadion Na Lapači in Vsetín.
The Soo Eagles are an American junior ice hockey team from Sault Ste.
Laval won the first three games then Longueuil came back, winning four consecutive games and the series.
The Vikings play in the Central Canada Hockey League Tier 2.
It would go on to win the Allan Cup in 1930, the successor of the Stanley Cup as the trophy given to Canadian amateur hockey champions.
Seeded 7th, they played the 2nd seeded Columbus Chill in the 1st round of the playoffs.
THK is a minor professional ice hockey club in Tver, Russia.
The Port Arthur Marrs were a junior ice hockey team that played in Port Arthur, Ontario.
The Danville Express are an independent Junior A ice hockey team in the Northern Junior Hockey League.
The Glacier Kings play their home games at Comox Valley Sports Centre, which has a capacity of 1,400.
Resulted in the league re-branding itself as the Central Canada Hockey League Tier 2, reduced to 16 teams and two divisions.
HC GKS Katowice is a professional ice hockey team in Katowice, Poland.
They moved to Cornwall, Ontario following the season.
The team was based in Brantford, Ontario.
ERC Ingolstadt is a German professional ice hockey club that plays in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga.
The club is notable for winning the Stanley Cup as an amateur team in 1907.
Before moving to Cedar Rapids in 1999, the team was based in Mason City, where they were known as the North Iowa Huskies.
They play their home games at Rolling Mix Concrete Arena, which has a capacity of 1,800.
The Acadie–Bathurst Titan are a major junior ice hockey team based in Bathurst, New Brunswick.
They were members of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League from 1991 to 1994.
The Wings were abysmal in their three-year tenure, winning just 56 out of 216 games played.
In its second year, the team won the Murphy Cup with a victory over the Montreal Roadrunners in the championship series.
They have played host to the AHL All-Star Classic twice.
The team's leading sponsor is The AMRC with Boeing.
The Butte Roughriders were a Tier III Junior A ice hockey team located in Butte, Montana.
The Thunder's main rivals included the Denver/Utah Grizzlies, Los Angeles/Long Beach Ice Dogs, San Diego Gulls, and Phoenix Roadrunners.
The Hobbema Hawks were a junior "A" ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League based in Hobbema, Alberta, Canada.
The sports club Anka Spor Kulübü is a professional men's and women's, young and PW ice hockey teams from Ankara, Turkey.
The team is currently coached by Jon Cooper, who has led the team since 2013.
Their 2010–11 season included a six-game win streak, though they ended the season fifth in a six team division with 24 wins in 58 games.
The club was founded in 1988 as Team Kiruna IF, a merger of the hockey departments of Kiruna AIF and IFK Kiruna.
The team is based in Sudbury, Ontario, Canada.
The Milwaukee Admirals are a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League.
Every year the team held a "Jersey Night" during which the team wore a special, one-off alternate jersey and auctioned them off for charity.
The club's main sponsor is Sheffield Window Centre.
The Kalevan Pallo is a professional ice hockey team who compete in the Finnish Liiga.
The squad's greatest success was 2nd place in the Slovak Extraliga in 2006 and 2011.
The main sport in this club was originally tennis, with hockey being a minor sport.
They won the inaugural Isobel Cup in 2016, defeating the Buffalo Beauts.
The Icelandic Hockey League is an ice hockey league in Iceland with six teams.
The Ghostriders play their home games at the Fernie Memorial Arena.
Scott Kieler is the team's general manager and Mike Renner is the coach.
The Wanderers were four-time Stanley Cup winners.
The Montreal Wanderers were a Canadian amateur, and later professional, men's ice hockey team.
They played in the Greater Metro Junior 'A' Hockey League.
They played out of the North of Superior Junior B Hockey League.
The Galt Red Wings reached the league finals for the J. Ross Robertson Cup in 1945, but lost to Toronto St. Michael's Majors in four games.
They play in Bonnyville, Alberta, Canada at the R. J. Lalonde Arena, capacity 2700.
The St. Albert Saints were a junior ice hockey franchise based in St. Albert, Alberta, for twenty-seven seasons from 1977 to 2004.
They play their home games at Clancy Richard Arena.
The Morrisburg Lions are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Morrisburg, Ontario.
They play in the DEL 2, the second-highest level of ice hockey in Germany.
Their home arena is Zlatopramen Arena in Ústí nad Labem.
The Rage played in the 4,500 seat EnCana Events Centre where their first win came on September 24, 2010, against the Alaska Avalanche.
The team is a member of the North West Junior Hockey League and the 2012-13 season was their inaugural season.
In 1998, the senior team merged with Botkyrka IF to become Tumba/Botkyrka.
The Flyers have put together a team of players from the UK, Europe, and North America.
The arena's seating capacity is 1,800, and features an international-sized ice surface measuring 100' X 200'.
The Guelph Storm are a major junior ice hockey team based in Guelph, Ontario.
They are members of the Prince Edward Island Junior C Hockey League.
Scott Koch is the team's president, Brad Fox is the general manager and the coach.
Following the repeat last place finish, the team decided that it could not survive in Ottawa and hoped to move to a bigger market.
The Royals play their home games at the Santander Arena located in downtown Reading, Pennsylvania.
The team consists of players ranging in age from 16–20 years old who relocate to Brookings from all over the United States and the world.
They are the AHL affiliate to the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League, and are the 2013 and 2017 Calder Cup Champions.
They are captained by defenceman Archie Mckinnon.
They played in the Greater Metro Junior 'A' Hockey League.
HK Partizan also won the Slohokej League in 2011 and 2012 and Balkan League in 1995.
The Dubuque Fighting Saints were a Tier I junior ice hockey team that played in the United States Hockey League from 1980 to 2001.
They played their home games at Hull Arena.
Roy Sommer, now coach of the San Jose Barracuda, was the captain all three seasons of existence.
The Mad Hatters name refers to Danbury's nickname as the "Hat City."
The River Falls Renegades are a Tier III junior ice hockey team playing in the United States Premier Hockey League Elite Division.
Red Star played two seasons in the now defunct Panonian League between 2007 and 2009.
The Montréal Mission play in the National Ringette League and the team plays its home games at Centre Étienne Desmarteau.
The Galt Rockets were a junior ice hockey team based in Galt, Ontario, now a part of the city of Cambridge.
After the 1985–86 season, the Toronto Maple Leafs moved their top affiliate from St. Catharines to the Twinney Complex, a recently built arena north of Toronto.
The Kalamazoo Wings, nicknamed the K-Wings, were a professional ice hockey team in Kalamazoo, Michigan.
Yantar Seversk is an ice hockey team in Seversk, Russia.
The Canadiens played their home games at the Aitken Centre.
West Toronto won the 1936 Memorial Cup, defeating the Saskatoon Wesleys in two games, by scores of 5-1 and 4-2.
The Blaze played their home games at West Meadows Ice Arena in Rolling Meadows, Illinois.
They play in the city of Humenné, Slovakia at TBD.
Värmdö HC, also known as Värmdö Hockey, is a Swedish ice hockey club located on the island of Värmdö.
The Binghamton Rangers were an ice hockey team in the American Hockey League.
They play in the Western Ontario Athletic Association Senior Hockey League.
Grästorps IK is a Swedish ice hockey club playing in the third tier of Swedish hockey, Division 1, as of the 2013–14 season.
As of 2013, five seasons after the club's bankruptcy, Hammarby is 17th in the Marathon standings for the highest division of Swedish ice hockey.
During its first season the team boasted an average of 9,151 fans a game—one of the largest crowds in minor league hockey.
The Sherbrooke Saint-François was a minor league professional ice hockey team based in Sherbrooke, Quebec.
HC Dinamo Yerevan is an ice hockey team in Yerevan, Armenia.
The St. Stephen Aces  are a Canadian junior ice hockey franchise from St. Stephen, New Brunswick.
The Stars play their home games at the Billingham Forum.
In an attempt to recoup losses and pay outstanding debts, the Senators moved the NHL franchise to St. Louis, where it was nicknamed the Eagles.
The RiverDogs were replaced by the second incarnation of the Richmond Renegades, which began play in the Southern Professional Hockey League in October 2006.
Since 2011, the team plays in the Russian Junior Hockey League.
Yertis Hockey Club, commonly referred to as Yertis Pavlodar, is a professional ice hockey team based in Pavlodar, Kazakhstan.
The Louisville RiverFrogs were a professional ice hockey team competing in the East Coast Hockey League.
The Montreal Nationals were an amateur, later professional, and then amateur again men's senior-level ice hockey team.
The New York Hockey Club played in the American Amateur Hockey League between 1897 and 1917 and won one championship title, in the 1912–13 season.
It is one of the oldest professional hockey franchises extant, and the oldest continuously operating minor-league franchise in North America.
The team is playing games against teams in the National Women's Hockey League but is not an official member of that league.
Springfield captured their first league championship in 2017 defeating Red River Mudbugs in six games.
The Edmonton Oil Kings were a junior ice hockey team, and founding member of the Western Hockey League.
Porin Ässät is an ice hockey club based in the town of Pori, Finland.
Piráti Chomutov is a Czech ice hockey team from Chomutov, Czech Republic.
The team is a member of the Western States Hockey League and plays in the Western Division.
Jackalopes games are broadcast on the radio on KFZX.
The franchise was founded by Jack McGregor who was also the founder of Penguins.
Diavoli HC Milano was an ice hockey team in Milan, Italy.
Rote Teufel Bad Nauheim, also known as EC Bad Nauheim, is an ice hockey team in Bad Nauheim, Germany.
They are a part of Ontario Junior Hockey League.
The Jackals would fold after the end of the season.
The team played in Longueuil, Quebec at Colisée Jean Béliveau for three seasons before moving to the Verdun Auditorium.
Färjestad Bollklubb is a Swedish professional ice hockey team based in Karlstad.
The club used to be affiliated with Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk of the KHL.
Their home rink is Centre 200 in Sydney, Nova Scotia.
They play their home games at Prospera Place.
Before the 2012–13 season the Ice played their home games at the Indiana Farmers Coliseum.
They are members of the Provincial Junior Hockey League of the Ontario Hockey Association.
The club is based in the Estonian capital, Tallinn and the home arena is Jeti Jäähall.
Jocelyn 'Joe' Hardy was the team's player-coach, and also league most valuable player and top scorer in 1975–76, scoring 208 points.
The team plays its home games at the Art Hauser Centre.
Altai Barnaul is an ice hockey team in Barnaul, Russia.
In June 1980, Gordon was replaced as Oilers' GM and took over as president, owner, and GM of the Wind.
They played in Hamilton, Ontario, at FirstOntario Centre, nicknamed 'The Dog Pound'.
The Philadelphia Rebels are a Tier II Junior A ice hockey team playing in the North American Hockey League.
The Brahmas most recently won the 2017 Robertson Cup.
The Lehigh Valley Phantoms are a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League based in Allentown, Pennsylvania, and play out of the PPL Center.
The expansion Halifax Mooseheads claimed top prospect Jean-Sebastien Giguere from the defunct Verdun team.
They compete in Division One of the British Universities Ice Hockey Association.
The Sioux City Musketeers is a Tier I junior ice hockey team playing in the Western Conference of the United States Hockey League.
The East Coast Super League, is a senior ice hockey league in New South Wales, Australia.
The team was known for most of its existence as the St. Boniface Saints and exists today as the Virden Oil Capitals.
The team played their home games at the New Haven Coliseum.
CH Collado Villalba was an ice hockey team in Collado Villalba, Madrid, Spain.
The publication launched its first issue on April 13, 2006.
The Bakersfield Condors were a minor league ice hockey team based in Bakersfield, California in the Pacific Division of the ECHL's Western Conference.
Since the Maroons' demise, no NHL team that has won a Stanley Cup at any point in its history has subsequently folded or relocated.
The team currently plays out of the Hvidovre Skøjtehal arena.
The Arizona Sundogs were a minor league professional ice hockey team based in Prescott Valley, Arizona.
They currently play in the First Division, the second level of Norwegian ice hockey.
The team was founded as the Atlanta Fire Ants in 1994 and had a two-season stint in Oklahoma City before the team relocated to Las Vegas.
The franchise was eventually reactivated as an expansion team in 2010 as the Muskegon Lumberjacks.
Famous alumni of the Generals include Hockey Hall of Famers Bobby Orr, Red Tilson, Alex Delvecchio, Eric Lindros as well as John Tavares.
They played their home games at Von Braun Center Arena in downtown Huntsville.
The franchise started in 1998 as the expansion Lowell Lock Monsters and played their home games in Lowell, Massachusetts.
It was created on 1977 under the name A.S. Mastini Varese Hockey.
The team played its home games at Revolution Arena in Battle Creek, Michigan.
The Storm have won the Brent Patterson Memorial Trophy nine times in 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003 2004, 2015 and 2017.
Kristall Berdsk is an ice hockey team in Berdsk, Russia.
The Kitchener Canucks were a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey Association from 1954 to 1956.
The El Paso Rhinos are an Amateur Athletic Union-sanctioned junior ice hockey team, based in El Paso, Texas.
The Midgets trace their roots to the Stratford Hockey Club which existed in the early 1900s.
The Cincinnati Mohawks were a professional ice hockey team in Cincinnati, Ohio.
The Tigers lost the 2007 Memorial Cup 3–1 on May 27, 2007, against the Vancouver Giants, which was hosted by Vancouver at the Pacific Coliseum.
The team was originally a member of the United Hockey League prior to its merger into the CHL in 2010.
The team won the Calder Cup in 1985, beating the Baltimore Skipjacks in six games behind the goaltending of a young Patrick Roy.
This defunct hockey team was a part of the Northern Ontario Junior Hockey League.
They are members of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League.
They played in St. John's, Newfoundland, Canada at Memorial Stadium from 1991 to 2001, and at Mile One Stadium from 2001 to 2005.
Kirkcaldy Kestrels are a Scottish ice hockey team that play in the Scottish National League.
The team played in the Ukrainian Hockey League, the top level of Ukrainian ice hockey.
They currently play in the NIHL South Division 1.
The Cincinnati Mighty Ducks were an ice hockey team in the American Hockey League.
The club moved to their present home, the Air Canada Centre in February 1999.
The Michigan Warriors were a Tier II Junior A ice hockey team based in Flint, Michigan.
HK Šampion was an ice hockey team in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Guelph Indians were a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey Association from 1936 to 1940.
The senior team finished sixth and last.
The Milwaukee Clarks were a professional ice hockey team in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
The club was founded in 1990 as IK Nyköping Hockey 90, formed through the merger of Nyköpings HL and the ice hockey section of Nyköpings BIS.
Sokol Krasnoyarsk is an ice hockey team in Krasnoyarsk, Russia.
The IceHogs have also been named the 2004–05 and 2005–06 UHL Member Franchise of the Year for the club's success on and off the ice.
The team has won 19 league titles, and are a member of the Slavia Sofia sports club.
During that time a new arena would be built for the NHL team in Raleigh, North Carolina.
They play their home games at the EnergieVerbund Arena which hosts up to 4,200 spectators.
The Bakersfield Condors from the ECHL moved to Norfolk for the 2015–16 season and also use the name Norfolk Admirals.
The Canucks play their home games at Rogers Arena, formerly known as General Motors Place, which has an official capacity of 18,910.
The Fernie Ghostriders are a junior 'B' ice hockey team based in Fernie, British Columbia, Canada.
After two seasons in the Czech First League, the club announced on 31 May 2011 that they were joining the Austrian-based Erste Bank Hockey League.
Lallo was replaced by Lorne Davis prior to the start of the 1964–65 season, however Lallo continued to play for the team.
The club consisted only of junior teams, and last participated in the Spanish U20 and U18 Leagues during the 2007-08 season.
They currently play in the Alps Hockey League and formerly the Serie A.
Before the 2015–16 season the franchise relocated again to Glens Falls, New York to play as the Adirondack Thunder.
They are members of the North West Junior Hockey League.
They play in the Empire B Junior C Hockey League of the Ontario Hockey Association.
The Kitchener Beavers were a Canadian professional ice hockey team in Kitchener, Ontario.
The Opaskwayak Cree Nation Blizzard are a Canadian Junior "A" ice hockey team from The Pas, Manitoba, Canada.
They joined the newly formed British National League in 1954, which they competed in until its disbandment in 1960.
In the 1974 playoffs, the Capitols defeated the Saginaw Gears 4 games to 2, winning the Turner Cup.
The Seals were one of six teams added to the league as part of the 1967 NHL expansion.
Bill Goldsworthy initially coached the team but stepped down for health reasons after only ten games.
HC Lutsk is an ice hockey team in Lutsk, Ukraine.
The Wiarton Rock was a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based in Wiarton, Ontario, and a member of the Greater Metro Junior A Hockey League.
The Sea Dogs play at Harbour Station in Saint John, New Brunswick, with a capacity of 6,488.
The Carleton Place Jr. Canadians are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based in Carleton Place, Ontario.
The North York Renegades are a junior ice hockey team based in North York, Ontario, Canada.
They were one of the founding members of the Western Canada Junior Hockey League in 1966 following a rebellion within the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League.
The Cataractes play their home games at the Centre Gervais Auto.
In their last season, they were members of the Tom Shaw Conference of the Pacific International Junior Hockey League.
Based in Tulsa, Oklahoma, the team played their home games at the Tulsa Assembly Center until the 1983–84 season when they moved to Expo Square Pavilion.
The Rockets became the Galt Black Hawks in 1949.
The team plays their home games at the The Rinks - Lakewood Ice in Lakewood, California.
Founded in 1972 as The Pass Red Devils, the team relocated to Pincher Creek for the 1976-77 season.
At the completion of the 1986–87 season, the team was relocated to Denver, Colorado and renamed the Colorado Rangers.
The Calgary Chinooks were a junior "A" ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
They had a sell-out streak at The Arena dating back 197 games.
HC Metulla is an ice hockey team in Metulla, Israel.
The New York Raiders were an ice hockey team and founding member of the World Hockey Association based in New York City.
Bennett would announce the new team as the Danbury Titans and had signed a six-year lease to play at the Danbury Ice Arena.
In 1936, the team transferred to the International-American Hockey League along with three other teams from the International Hockey League.
The team folded after the 1995 season.
Based in Oakland, California, they played their home games at the Oakland–Alameda County Coliseum Arena.
The team colours are yellow and blue.
They are members of the North Division of the Vancouver Island Junior Hockey League.
They will compete in the ENL South Division 2 during the 2010-11 season.
The Prince Edward Island Senators were a professional ice hockey team that played in the American Hockey League from 1993 to 1996.
The Streetsville Derbys were a Canadian Junior "A" ice hockey team from Streetsville, Ontario, Canada.
The Hockey Club Viking Tallinn are an ice hockey team based in Tallinn, Estonia.
They played their home games at the Broomfield Event Center in Broomfield, Colorado.
On June 16, 2010, the Port Huron Icehawks of the International Hockey League ceased hockey operations after three seasons.
The Buffalo-Glencoe Tondas are a defunct Tier II Junior "A" ice hockey team that played in Buffalo, New York and later in Glencoe, Ontario, Canada.
The ownership of the club was led by former NHL star Bernie Federko, who also served as the head coach.
They play in the Western Ontario Athletic Association Senior Hockey League.
The Northern Hawks are eight-time Thunder Bay Junior B and Northern Ontario Junior B champions.
The club was founded in 2001 .
They are a member of the South Division of the Vancouver Island Junior Hockey League.
In 1976, the franchise relocated to Denver, Colorado, and became the Colorado Rockies.
The Catahoula name was chosen as the Catahoula Leopard Dog is the state dog of Louisiana.
In March, 2010, Rosenborg IHKE was promoted to the GET-ligaen, but the senior department of the club is currently inactive following a bankruptcy in 2014.
The franchise is a non-profit corporation operated by the Park County Junior A Hockey Program.
They have won the Le Mat Trophy as Swedish champions in ice hockey seven times and have been runners-up an additional six times.
Tierps HK is a Swedish ice hockey club, based in Tierp, Uppsala County.
By this time, the IHL had firmly established itself as the AHL's equal, and the AHL was unnerved by this encroachment into its Northeastern heartland.
They are members of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League, a part of the Canadian Junior A Hockey League and Hockey Canada.
The Spitfires played home games at the Windsor Arena, built in 1924.
In two seasons, the Forge advanced 18 players onto scholarships with Division I college hockey programs.
The team suspended operations during the season on January 16, 1975.
The Tigers were revived in 1932, playing for a short-lived four years in the North Western Hockey League.
Most of the clubs foreign players are also originating from North America.
Goaltender Rejean Lemelin moved on from the Firebirds to a long career with Calgary and Boston in the NHL.
After playing the 1936–37 season in the new league, they were renamed the Cleveland Barons, for the 1937–38 season.
They are a part of the Central Canada Hockey League.
On 18 April 2014 they returned to the Extraliga by finishing 2nd in the relegation playoffs.
The team played its home games at the Covelli Centre in Youngstown, Ohio.
The Melbourne Mustangs are a semi-professional ice hockey team based in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
Needham coached the Crusaders to winning records in the first two seasons, but failed to advance past the second playoff round.
The Cold Lake Ice are a Junior "B" Ice Hockey team based in Cold Lake, Alberta, Canada.
Between 1978 and 2011 the club was known as Bofors IK, which was then changed to its current name.
Under new ownership, the club was named the Toronto St. Patricks in 1919.
The Tucson Gila Monsters were a short-lived American professional minor league ice hockey team based in Tucson, Arizona.
The Lions were runners-up to the J. Ross Robertson Cup in 1943, but against lost to the Oshawa Generals.
The Oxford City Stars are an ice hockey team based in Oxford, England.
The Storm play their home games at the Pilot Butte Recreation Centre.
The North Peace Navigators are a Junior "B" ice hockey team based in Peace River, Alberta, Canada.
While scoring declined only slightly, the defense was notably poorer.
The Embrun Panthers are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Embrun, Ontario.
The team itself folded in the offseason, when the Johnstown flood of 1977 damaged the arena's ice making equipment.
Their jerseys were maroon, featuring a white V with "Vancouver" spelled down one side of the V and up the other.
Since the 2017/18 season they play in the National Ice Hockey League North, Moralee Conference.
The team's ownership group includes Darcy Rota, Robert Clough, Pat Delasalle, Tim Delasalle, Brian Hannigan, Dave Lowry, Ian Mansfield, Kirk McLean, Bill Ranford, and Robert Lambie.
The team's full legal name is Sanockie Towarzystwo Sportowe S. A., and it is now known as Ciarko PBS Bank STS Sanok for sponsorship reasons.
Based in Hamilton, Ontario, the Bulldogs play their home games at the FirstOntario Centre.
Coventry Blaze are an ice hockey team based in Coventry, England.
The Parry Sound Shamrocks were a Canadian Junior ice hockey team from Parry Sound, Ontario, Canada.
They competed in the Serie A in most years from 1958 to 1979, winning the championship in the 1959-60 season.
The Olds Grizzlys are an ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League.
The Toronto Marlies are a Canadian professional ice hockey team playing in the American Hockey League.
On June 27, it was reported that the FHL had approved of a new team in Danbury, Connecticut, to replace the departed Whalers.
The Raiders had been the only side the Chieftains had failed to beat during the regular season.
Ohio did not have another NHL team until the Columbus Blue Jackets joined the league in 2000.
Four alumni from the Lloyds graduated to play in the National Hockey League.
The Belleville Bulls were a junior ice hockey team, founded in 1981 and based in Belleville, Ontario, Canada.
They are members of the Northern Ontario Junior Hockey League and play their home games at Noelville Arena.
In 2010 the team moved to Whitley Bay Arena which had a capacity of 3,200.
The Schomberg Cougars are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Schomberg, Ontario, Canada.
The team transferred to the International Hockey League, where they played from 1984 to 1987.
The team played in the City of Ohsweken, Ontario, Canada and participate in the OLA Senior B Lacrosse League.
Viru Sputnik has played in Meistriliiga since it was established in 2003.
The senior team played in the German 2nd Divisionfor more than 30 years.
The Cataractes have been previously known as the Shawinigan Bruins until 1973, and were called the Shawinigan Dynamos from 1973 to 1978.
The Nova Scotia Oilers were a minor professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League based in Halifax, Nova Scotia from 1984 to 1988.
The Oxford Shooting Stars are a recreational ice hockey team based in Oxford, England.
They played in Binghamton, New York, USA at the Broome County Veterans Memorial Arena.
Therefore official statistics consider Tappara has 17 national titles, making it the most successful Finnish club of all-time.
They are currently playing in the second highest league in Sweden, HockeyAllsvenskan.
EK Engelmann Wien was an ice hockey team in Vienna, Austria.
Grizzlys themselves have been engaged in providing support to a nearby bear park.
They play their home games at Didsbury Memorial Arena.
The team's players were assigned to other QMJHL clubs by a dispersal draft.
Valbo HC is an ice hockey team in Valbo, Sweden.
On May 11, 1999, Brent Sutter purchased the team from Terry and Wayne Simpson.
HPK is an ice hockey team in the Liiga.
They were a part of the Ontario Junior A Hockey League but also used to be a part of the Metro Junior A Hockey League.
The Ontario Reign is a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League which began play in the 2015–16 season.
The Pilots play their home games at MSA Arena.
During the 1980s, the club were one of the leading teams in the British Hockey League, their biggest rivals being the Nottingham Panthers.
Their fortunes began to turn around following the hiring of president and general manager Lou Lamoriello in 1987.
The Chicago Freeze was a Tier II Junior A ice hockey team in the North American Hockey League's West Division.
The team is based in Stockton, California, and is affiliated with the National Hockey League Calgary Flames.
These two teams are the forerunners of the OPJHL's Brampton Capitals.
The 2007–08 season was the newest incarnation of the Oil Kings' inaugural season in the Western Hockey League.
The River City Jaguars were a USA Hockey-sanctioned Tier III Junior A ice hockey team playing in the Northern Pacific Hockey League.
Northeast Philadelphia, nicknamed Northeast Philly, the Northeast and the Great Northeast, is a section of the City of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The Stampede play their home games at the Denny Sanford Premier Center, the largest facility in capacity and size in the USHL.
The general manager and Head Coach of the Nationals is Pat Powers.
The team is a member of the North American 3 Hockey League.
In April 2014, the professional team folded and was replaced by the junior Tier I Bloomington Thunder of the United States Hockey League.
Games are broadcast on CJNB AM 1050.
Binghamton then replaced the franchise with the Binghamton Devils, the AHL franchise of the New Jersey Devils.
Sarmaty Orenburzhya is an ice hockey team based in Orenburg, Russia.
They play in the Western division of the Greater Ontario Junior Hockey League.
The Oval X-Treme were a member of the National Women's Hockey League for two seasons before breaking away to help form the WWHL in 2004.
They played in the Latvian Hockey League and the Latvian Second League from 1994-2001.
The Canmore Eagles are an ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League.
This history prompted head coach Tommy Stewart to tell the Macon Telegraph that the team was "always a bridesmaid, never a bride."
The Tri-City Titans were a USA Hockey-sanctioned Tier III Junior A ice hockey team playing in the Pacific Division of the Northern Pacific Hockey League.
The Dayton Jets were an American minor pro ice hockey team in Dayton, Ohio.
They played in the All-American Hockey League from 1986-1989.
The China Dragon was a professional ice hockey team which played its home games in three different cities in China, including Harbin, Qiqihar, and Shanghai.
The last time they played in the lower division, Allsvenskan, was in 1995.
They played in the Greater Metro Junior 'A' Hockey League.
They play in the National Capital Junior Hockey League.
They play in the Western Ontario Athletic Association Senior Hockey League.
League Championships won: 2010, 2011, 2014, 2015
The SHL is the highest level of ice hockey in Sweden.
They played in the Belgian Hockey League, the top level of ice hockey in Belgium.
McKegney, who was quite popular with Sabres fans, played his home games in front of many of the same fans who had attended Buffalo Norsemen games.
The Scouts moved to Denver, Colorado in 1976 and became the Colorado Rockies.
They played in the Greater Metro Junior A Hockey League.
The Tecumsehs bought a franchise from Ambrose O'Brien, paying CA$500 cash and promissory notes for CA$2,000.
Following the 1994–95 season, they were sold to the COMSAT Entertainment Group and relocated to Denver.
Today they are the Cape Breton Screaming Eagles.
They started in the Mid-Ontario Jr.B league, then moved to the Central Junior B Hockey League in 1978 when the Mid-Ontario league folded.
They played in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga from 1994-1997.
The team was based in the Rio Grande Valley in Hidalgo, Texas, just south of McAllen, and played their home games at State Farm Arena.
Home games are played at the 9,000-capacity SSE Arena Belfast.
The Millionaires also fielded a senior hockey team in the 1910s, which won the 1915 Allan Cup.
After two years of minimal on-ice success, the franchise was moved to Cincinnati, Ohio, as the Cincinnati Mighty Ducks.
The St. Catharines Saints was a minor league ice hockey team in St. Catharines, Ontario.
As a member of the Metro Junior A Hockey League they participated for 3 seasons.
The Lightning are members of the Provincial Women's Hockey League of the Ontario Women's Hockey Association.
They played at the Four Seasons Arena in Great Falls, Montana.
The original Checkers team played in the city from 1956 to 1977, originally in the Eastern Hockey League and then in the Southern Hockey League.
Kristall Elektrostal is an ice hockey team in Elektrostal, Russia.
He had also owned the nine-time American Hockey League champion Cleveland Barons, but moved them to Jacksonville, Florida to make room for the Crusaders.
The team was based in Port Huron, Michigan, and played at the McMorran Arena.
Jokipojat is a Finnish semi-professional ice hockey team that plays in the Mestis.
The team was initially announced to play in the Mid-Atlantic Hockey League for the 2008–09 season before the league folded in August 2008.
However, they failed to defeat the Nippon Paper Cranes in the semi-finals.
They have been affiliated with the NHL's Nashville Predators since that team's founding in 1998.
This article is about the defunct original Rio Grande Valley Killer Bees of the CHL from 2003 until 2012.
In 1963, the club IFK Bofors was merged with Karlskoga IF and formed KB 63.
They play their home games at Rutland Arena.
Aris Thessaloniki Ice Hockey Club is an ice hockey team in Thessaloniki, Greece.
Borås HC is a Swedish professional ice hockey club, based in Borås, currently playing in the Swedish league division 3.
Kapitan Stupino is an ice hockey team in Stupino, Russia.
Founded in 2007 as the Montreal Stars, they have competed in the Canadian Women's Hockey League since its inaugural season.
Such outstanding service must have been for a period of not less than 10 years continuous duration.
In 2000, the team was renamed the Tri-City Storm and moved to Kearney, Nebraska and still play there currently as of 2018.
The Burlington Cougars are a Canadian Junior "A" ice hockey team from Burlington, Ontario.
The Windsor St. Clair Saints were a Senior "AAA" ice hockey team based in St. Clair College in Windsor, Ontario, Canada.
The Senators' main rivals were the nearby teams, the Syracuse Crunch, the Rochester Americans, the Albany Devils, the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins, and the Hershey Bears.
Following their lone season in Huntsville, the franchise relocated to Tallahassee, Florida, where they were rebranded as the Tallahassee Tiger Sharks.
Malmö played 18 consecutive seasons of ice hockey in Sweden's top tier, currently named the SHL from 1987 to 2005.
The team's games were broadcast in New Orleans on radio station WSMB.
They are members of the Nova Scotia Junior Hockey League and are 2010 Don Johnson Cup Maritime Junior B champions.
They were in Jamestown, New York at the Jamestown Savings Bank Ice Arena.
The Nordiques served as a farm club for the Quebec Nordiques of the World Hockey Association.
Narvik Arctic Eagles is an ice hockey team in Narvik, Norway.
The club was founded on 3 February 1938, as an ice hockey section in Västra Frölunda IF and became independent on 29 March 1984.
Hokejsko Drsalno Društvo Olimpija Ljubljana, commonly referred to as HDD Olimpija or simply Olimpija, was a Slovenian professional ice hockey from Ljubljana, Slovenia.
The team played in Utica, New York at the Utica Memorial Auditorium.
Games between the two teams often attract sell-out crowds.
On some nights, the Express, which also had AHL and NHL competition in the same market, was struggling to get 1,000 spectators at its games.
They play in the Finnish elite league, Liiga.
They play in the Greater Metro Junior A Hockey League.
Streatham Ice Hockey Club is a British ice hockey club based in Streatham, London, England.
The Whitby Fury are a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Whitby, Ontario, Canada.
The Gulls played at the San Diego Sports Arena.
They play their home games in Grünerhallen.
Recent years have seen a downward trend in attendance.
They were formerly a Tier II Junior "A" team in the British Columbia Hockey League from 1979-1990.
The team's mascot is Lincoln, a silvertip bear.
The team was owned by Nick Mileti, who had been the founder of the NBA's Cleveland Cavaliers, and also owned Major League Baseball's Cleveland Indians.
The St. Louis Vipers were a team of professional roller hockey players based in St. Louis, Missouri.
Since the 2000–01 season they have been playing in the Erste Bank Eishockey Liga .
