The Yangon General Hospital is a major public hospital in Yangon, Myanmar.
It is 30 miles south west of central London and 10 miles from Heathrow Airport.
The specialties of glaucoma, and oculoplasty were added later.The institute has 9 clinical units headed by a Professor each.
Its name was then shortened to Erskine Hospital and then simply Erskine in later years.
Wansbeck General Hospital is a district general hospital based in Ashington, Northumberland.
The CBM Christian Medical Centre is a member of,
However, as of 2016, the center's health-related programs garnered the best rankings of all at the medical center, including nursing-midwifery, occupational therapy, physical therapy, and pharmacy.
LLUMC is home to the Venom E.R., which specializes in snake bites.
Royal Darwin Hospital is a 345-bed teaching hospital located at the northern suburb district of Tiwi, Darwin, Northern Territory.
It is currently run by NHS Lothian.
One of its buildings was subsequently used for dwellings.
The Trust has an annual turnover of around £940 million and employs approximately 8,180 staff.
The Bellvitge University Hospital, is a public hospital located in town of l'Hospitalet de Llobregat, with an outstanding care, teaching and researching activity.
Royal Naval Hospital was the Royal Navy's medical facility in the colony.
Mrs. Lipsey asked Dr. M.J. “Jack” Rathbone Jr., chairman of the East Baton Rouge Parish Medical Society Cancer Committee, for help reaching this goal.
Abrazo Central Campus is a 216-bed acute care facility and teaching hospital located in Phoenix, Arizona, United States.
Sinai Hospital is an American private hospital based in Baltimore, Maryland, that was founded in 1866 as the Hebrew Hospital and Asylum.
Bill Holland is CEO of CI Financial Corporation.
It was formerly administered by Hinchingbrooke Health Care NHS Trust, which had long-standing financial problems.
The hospital's catchment area has a population of around 200,000 people.
It is also recognised as the First Provincial Wenzhou Hospital of Zhejiang.
The prominent physicians who have practiced in the Inselspital include Emil Theodor Kocher, the 1909 Nobel laureate.
Monash Children’s Hospital is a network of Victorian paediatric healthcare services across Monash Medical Centre, Dandenong Hospital and Casey Hospital.
Belize Medical Associates is a private hospital in Belize City, Belize.
The echocardiogram lab is accredited by the Intersocietal Accreditation Commission.
It has representative offices in Turkey and the Russian Federation.
It was renamed as St Luke's hospital in September 2004 to signify the hospital's role as a community hospital while retaining its focus on geriatric care.
It is one of three regional centers operated by the Nebraska Department of Health and Human Services.
It was founded in 1889, and was the first hospital in Santa Clara County, California.
Toa Payoh Hospital was a hospital located in Toa Payoh, Singapore.
Shock Trauma was founded by R Adams Cowley, who is considered the father of trauma medicine.
In 1980 the Hospital was purchased by the Sisters of St. Joseph of Carondelet, founders of Daniel Freeman Memorial Hospital in Inglewood, California.
Arnold Lodge receives referrals from courts, prisons, the probation service, social services, high secure hospitals, and other mental health units for forensic psychiatry assessment and/or treatment.
Constructed between 1937 and 1944, it was designed by architects Hjalmar Cederström and Hermann Imhäuser, and the construction was contracted to Toll Byggnads AB.
The hospital serves nearly 45,000 people from five counties.
The Health Sciences Centre is the largest hospital in Winnipeg, Manitoba, and one of the largest in Canada.
Major trauma patients are transported to Sacred Heart Medical Center in Eugene.
It is situated on Hill Street, Coventry, England, built around the same courtyard as the old disused buildings of Bablake School.
Naomi House and Jacksplace provide care to children and young people with life-limiting and life-threatening conditions.
Steve Biko Hospital of Pretoria, South Africa, previously located at what is now Tshwane District Hospital, is a purely tertiary training healthcare institution.
The hospital has 18 intensive care units and 21 operating theaters.
Founded in 1963, it was the first private hospital in Hong Kong.
It is the main hospital of the Parkland Health & Hospital System and serves as Dallas County's public hospital.
Bess Kaiser Hospital was a hospital in Portland, Oregon, United States, which closed in 1998.
It also earned recognition from the Registered Nurses’ Association of Ontario as a Best Practice Spotlight Organization.
The center serves all patients regardless of language, culture or ability to pay.
Occupancy at Xavier, however, continued to decline.
It was opened in August 1950, and had a Maximum Security unit.
In 2012 it ranks the 2nd place for the neurosurgery operations over Russia after the Burdenko Neurosurgery Institute in Moscow.
Initially Hospital opened with 12 bed inpatient facility a radiology department an operation theater and outpatient facility.
The Hornsby Ku-ring-gai Health Service also incorporates six Community Health Centres and ten Early Childhood Centres.
In 2006, the university broke ground to build a new $754 million facility that opened as of November 2011.
The five locations include Doctors Hospital Health Center, South Laredo Diagnostic Center, Providence Health Center, Nueva Vida Maternity Clinic and Mines Road Family Clinic.
"Commercial" stood for commerce and this is where the sick and injured river and canal men were brought.
Denton Regional serves patients from Denton, Wise, Cooke and Montague Counties.
Almost 25 percent of the hospital was renovated.
Franciscan is affiliated with Catholic Health Initiatives, a national non-profit organization with headquarters in Englewood, Colo.
It was allied with the Doheny Eye Institute from 1975 until 2013, when Doheny allied with University of California Los Angeles.
It employs 7,700 people and processes nearly 1,500 hospitalisations per day.
The hospital is operated by NHS Fife, and serves the town of St Andrews and surrounding villages in North East Fife.
However throughout its life Sunbury has been used almost exclusively for long-term patients.
It was established in 1969 as a part of a health care unit of the worldwide organisation - the Seventh-day Adventist Church.
It had inpatient, outpatient, accident and emergency facilities and was also a centre for postgraduate education.
Indeed, Jefferson County, Alabama, did file for voluntary relief under Chapter 9 of the United States Bankruptcy Code on November 9, 2011.
The Encino-Tarzana Regional Medical Center consisted of two hospitals, one in Tarzana and the other in Encino, California.
Mount Druitt Hospital is a 200-bed hospital in Sydney suburb of Mount Druitt, New South Wales, Australia.
Among the famous alumni of the hospital is former head nurse Beverley Binder.
The institution is a teaching hospital partnering with the Moi University.
It is currently a geriatric hospital, although it was formerly known as Campbell Infectious Diseases Hospital.
Doctors and specialists from the MMA are employed in army units.
The Grange had been a private house, built in 1884 by John Compton, owner of the Gubbins estate.
SMH is a teaching hospital and patients may expect to interact with faculty, residents, fellows, interns and/or medical students.
The hospital is known for its comprehensive diagnostic services, including cardiac catheterization, magnetic resonance imaging, and osteoporosis treatment.
The county also operates a 49 bed campus in Santa Paula.
Ahmadiyya Hospital New bussa provides humanitarian services to the people of New Bussa, Mokwa and its surrounding areas.
The building was designed by the Finnish architect Elsi Borg.
Saint Göran Hospital is a hospital in Stockholm, Sweden.
It is currently located on a 15-acre campus at Grand Street and Jersey Avenue overlooking New York Harbor and Liberty State Park.
Home Care Workers Training programme: 21st Batch in progress.
Under her leadership, pediatricians on duty managed the calls using reference books and filing cards.
The existing buildings were extensively renovated in 2001 when a new extension was added.
Metro Life Flight has completed more than 90,000 medical missions, all safely.
St. Christopher’s Hospital has an academic affiliation with Drexel University College of Medicine and the Temple University School of Medicine.
ACH is one of several children's hospitals in Canada.
Baptist Memorial Hospital-Golden Triangle is a hospital in Columbus, Mississippi, and part of the Baptist Memorial Health Care network.
In the last year with available data, the hospital had 14,617 admissions, 69,023 emergency room visits, performed 5,963 inpatient surgeries, and 6,657 outpatient surgeries.
It is part of the ESY, the National Healthcare System of Greece.
The north wing of the complex is Grade I listed and the south wing listed Grade II*.
The BGH was part of the University Hospitals Bristol NHS Foundation Trust which includes eight hospitals within Bristol.
It primarily hosts cardiac, oncology, and internal medicine cases.
Greentrees was closed in 1988, and the building has since been demolished.
The only remains of the 1531 building can be seen in a perimeter wall for Seaton Park in Old Aberdeen.
Members of the Tacoma Orthopedic Association saw a need for a specialized pediatric health care center in Tacoma.
It is a large teaching hospital and is, with St Thomas' Hospital and King's College Hospital, the location of King's College London School of Medicine.
Landstuhl is also known for being the birthplace of these Americans:
The Queen Alexandra Hospital in Cosham, Portsmouth, is the only hospital serving the city of Portsmouth and the surrounding area.
The Roger Williams Medical Center is a university-affiliated teaching hospital in Providence, Rhode Island.
The hospital also serves many more patients from outside the hospital's catchment area.
The hospital covers South Northamptonshire the hospital also provides specialist cancer services to people living in Northamptonshire, North Buckinghamshire and South Leicestershire.
St Margaret's Hospital is a closed maternity hospital in Sydney, Australia.
Georgetown Public Hospital, in Georgetown, Guyana, is the country's largest hospital.
As a regional center, it serves approximately 900,000 people.
The hospital has around 570 beds including day beds.
It is owned by health care provider Community Health Systems.
It is located on Irwin Road, in Mysore opposite the medical college and in the same campus as Krishnarajendra Hospital.
Danat Al Emarat Hospital or Mother of Pearl is a hospital dedicated to women and children in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
The Grey Nuns Community Hospital is an acute care hospital located in the Mill Woods area of south Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
The new logo color aubergine represented "excellence" and "warmth."
Jaseng specialists treat approximately 500,000 cases every year.
The National Hospital of Sri Lanka is a government hospital in Colombo, Sri Lanka.
It was previously a Provincially Aided Hospital.
It was founded jointly by the Evangelical Free Church of America and the Evangelical Free Church of China.
Demolition of the Gaebler Children's Center was completed in January 2011.
Southlake Regional Health Centre is a hospital located in Newmarket, Ontario, Canada.
It is a general hospital and forms part of the Mthatha Hospital Complex.
Headquartered in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, Novant Health serves more than 4 million patients annually.
Opened in 1926, it is a major provider of both in-patient and out-patient medical services.
With a height of 148.5 metres, it is the second-highest hospital building in the world, 15 centimetres shorter than Guy's Hospital in London, UK.
MedStar Georgetown University Hospital is one of the national capital area's oldest academic teaching hospitals.
The British Hospital or Hospital Británico is a private hospital in Montevideo, Uruguay.
UnityPoint Health Finley Hospital is a medical facility operating in Dubuque, Iowa.
The two hospitals are run by Derby Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust.
It was founded as Kanto Teishin Hospital, for employees of NTT Public Corporation in 1952, and was opened to general public in 1986.
The Uniklinikum Aachen, full German name Universitätsklinikum Aachen, formerly known as Neues Klinikum, is the university hospital of the city of Aachen, Germany.
As well as North Lincolnshire, it also serves Gainsborough.
On June 6, 2013, Maryland General Hospital was renamed "University of Maryland Medical Center, Midtown Campus".
Located in the Gateway census-designated place, between Palmer and Wasilla, it is the principal hospital for the Matanuska-Susitna Borough.
The hospital is associated with the Faculté de Médecine Paris-Descartes.
University Hospital was previously known as Hôtel-Dieu.
This 160-bed hospital in North Toronto is fully affiliated with the University of Toronto and is a teaching site that receives students from many post-secondary institutions.
The hospital is a branch of the NewYork-Presbyterian Healthcare System and a major teaching affiliate of Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons.
Box Hill Hospital is a teaching hospital in Melbourne, Victoria.
It is accredited by the Joint Commission on the Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations, the nation’s oldest and largest hospital accreditation agency.
Samuel H. Shapiro Developmental Center, formerly named the Kankakee State Hospital, is a developmental center located in Kankakee, Illinois, on the banks of the Kankakee River.
Milad hospital currently employs more than 5600 specialists and subspecialists of various fields.
It was created by the merger in December 1995 of three large teaching hospitals:
Gustave Roussy is one of the world’s leading cancer-research institutes and the premier European Cancer Centre.
Park City Medical Center opened 15 September 2009.
The P. D. Hinduja National Hospital and Medical Research Centre is a multi-specialty, tertiary care hospital in Mumbai, India.
The University's divisions of cardiothoracic surgery, cardiology and paediatric cardiology have their bases here.
It added the "General" to its name following the acquisition.
Situated in Tottenhall Road, the hospital was built in 1902 as the Southgate Isolation Hospital, commissioned by Southgate Urban District Council.
The hospital provides support to the Children First Foundation, Mercy Care and The Way.
The building has eleven floors above ground and is 280 feet tall.
Örebro University Hospital is a university hospital in Örebro, Sweden.
It is part of the Community Health Systems system.
The South Korean government's Ministry of Education and Human Resources partly supervises management of the hospital.
Trillium Health Partners is a hospital system which serves Mississauga and western Toronto.
St. Paul's works with the Saskatoon Health Region in an interdependent partnership.
UHW is a teaching hospital of Cardiff University School of Medicine.
Bantry General Hospital is a public hospital located in Bantry, County Cork, Ireland.
The Lakeshore Psychiatric Hospital was a psychiatric hospital located in the town of New Toronto, Ontario.
Each floor has different wards and serves a different category of patients.
Glen Grey Provincial Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital for the Emalahleni Local Municipality area in Lady Frere, Eastern Cape in South Africa.
The Sydney Dental Hospital recently celebrated serving the community for 110 years.
Services provided by the 85-bed hospital include emergency care, one-day surgery, orthopedics, and radiological imaging.
Loyola University Health System has been a member of Trinity Health since July 2011.
The hospital is accredited by the joint commission.
At its peak, it housed over 1300 patients.
In 1924, the hospital merged with the Western General Hospital building at the corner of Tupper Street and Atwater Avenue.
In association with the Children's Hospital of Michigan, surgery for pediatric patients primarily provides services for all outpatient surgical needs.
The hospital serves over 1.2 million residents of Eastern Ontario.
The wards at West Park consists of all ground-floor single bedrooms.
It has been named "Kansas Insane Asylum" and the "State Insane Asylum" but was officially changed to its present name in 1901.
Allentown State Hospital was a psychiatric hospital located at 1600 Hanover Ave. in Allentown, Pennsylvania.
Tufts Medical Center in Boston, Massachusetts is a downtown Boston hospital occupying space between Chinatown and the Boston Theater District.
The services at Vimhans are complemented with infrastructure, facilities, backup support system and medical equipments.
The other facility is Park Nicollet Urgent Care.
As of December 2, 2005, the Oku-Kōmyō-En housed 252 residents.
Harborview Medical Center, located on Seattle's First Hill, is a public hospital in King County, Washington and is managed by UW Medicine.
Founded in 1973, it has links to Alice Ho Miu Ling Nethersole Hospital via the Hong Kong Christian Council.
Beijing United Family Hospital has sister hospitals in Shanghai, Tianjin, Qingdao, Guangzhou and Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia
The hospital dates to 1891, when it was known as the "Barrie General Hospital", which was located on Duckworth Street near Ardagh's Grove.
In 1995 the Municipal Hospital buildings were demolished, with the exception of a renovation of the Princess Elizabeth, and a new complex was constructed.
The Royal Orthopaedic Hospital is a National Health Service hospital situated in Northfield, Birmingham, England.
The Main Medical Center building has 287 beds.
The health system's other two licensed hospitals are the AnMed Health Medical Center and the AnMed Health Rehabilitation Hospital.
It is partnership, based on a federal model, between The University of Manchester and six NHS organisations in Greater Manchester.
Ranken Jordan is a private, not-for-profit, specialty pediatric rehabilitation hospital located in Maryland Heights, Missouri.
The hospital specializes in numerous treatment areas, including adult cardiovascular services provided in the new Clarian Cardiovascular Center.
The decision was overruled by the Parliament in 1971.
The hospital was founded in 1893 as a four-room hospital.
Local residents opposed the proposal of over 800 dwellings, including a 9 storey block.
Bhisho Provincial Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Bhisho, Eastern Cape in South Africa.
The Hospital includes a large Dental Clinical School and extensive clinical pathology and medical research facilities.
Each year, the institution cares for well over 100,000 infants, children and young adults by providing more than 350 pediatric programs and services.
The Belchertown State School for the Feeble-Minded was established in 1922 in Belchertown, Massachusetts.
Founded in 1773, the Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center has a long, distinguished history of service and medical excellence.
Today St Paul's Hospital is a modern and well-established hospital located in the Causeway Bay area of Hong Kong Island.
The hospital library is open to students of nursing and medicine at Swansea University.
The hospital is operated by a charitable foundation established in 1354 through the will of Anna Seiler, a wealthy Bernese.
It was the first of its kind in the state.
The first hospital in Zürich, from which the current hospital derives, is recorded as having existed as early as 1204.
Lakeridge Health Oshawa, formerly Oshawa General Hospital, is a hospital located in Oshawa, Ontario, Canada.
The hospital is made up of a complex of eight conjoined buildings which are dispersed over a 366,000 square foot city block.
It is the province's only mental health facility.
Each year the center provides a specialized level of care to more than 1,500 children and adolescents newly diagnosed with cancer and blood diseases.
The headquarters of the scheme is in Rabwah, Pakistan which is run by Secretary Majlis Nusrat Jahan from Rabwah.
As of 2008 the hospital was governed by habilitated doctor Professor Juozas Pundzius.
Cardinal Glennon also serves as a teaching hospital affiliated with the neighboring Saint Louis University Schools of Medicine and Nursing, and nine other education institutes.
St Luke's Hospital for the Elderly Sick was registered as a voluntary welfare organisation in the Registry of Societies in October 1991.
Its scientific activities are integrated into the medical faculty of Linköping University.
The hospital was named after Queen Victoria.
The chief executive of the hospital is Catherine Geedes.
In 2010 the hospital had 9,822 in-patient admissions, 125,003 out-patient visits and 20,352 clinic visits.
Adelaide Provincial Hospital is a provincial government-funded hospital for the Nxuba Local Municipality area in Adelaide, Eastern Cape in South Africa.
Patan Hospital staff conduct more than 10,000 operations annually.
Sparrow Hospital is a 733-bed teaching hospital located in Lansing, Michigan that provides care for the greater Mid-Michigan region.
With the closure of the base in 1974, the hospital closed.
It is located on the southern bank of the river Ganges and is now affiliated to Aryabhatta Knowledge University.
Box Hill Hospital is a university teaching hospital affiliated with Monash, La Trobe and Deakin Universities.
Its Seaman's Ward, the oldest section, was constructed in 1838.
The director general of KHCF is HRH Princess Dina Mired and Dr. Asem Mansour is the director general of KHCC.
The Hospital is located on Ohaupo Road, Melville.
By June 2005, the Hbart Private was having problems with accreditiation and facilities management, and even had to be evacuated due to flooding.
St. Joseph Medical Center in Tacoma, Washington, is the flagship hospital of the Franciscan Health System, based in Tacoma.
The former head of the unit gave up the practice of medicine in 2006 to forestall a disciplinary hearing by the Medical Practitioners Board of Victoria.
St. Michael's Hospital specialises in short term and respite care.
It was founded in 1899, by a group of community-minded women who met in Toronto to discuss the creation of a "Home for Incurable Children".
The Dickinson County Healthcare System is a hospital located in Iron Mountain, Michigan.
After the war, Butler and Worthington purchased the hospital from the government for about $70,000 and donated it to the Sisters of Charity.
It is now known as Palomar Medical Center Downtown Escondido, which houses psychiatric and rehabilitation wards.
The land which it covers is at the foot of Mt.
It is the second largest hospital system in Sweden, after Sahlgrenska University Hospital in Gothenburg.
In 2010, East Kent Hospitals were named "Trust of the Year 2010" by the healthcare information organisation Dr Foster.
It is operated by NHS Dumfries and Galloway and opened on a partial basis in September 2006, being fully opened by October 2007.
The primary referral centres for the hospital are the University of Alberta Hospital and the Royal Alexandra Hospital.
Albyn Hospital is a private hospital in Aberdeen, Scotland.
In 2007, 42,566 patients presented to the emergency department, of which 17,831 were admitted.
NGH is located at 305 Zhongshan East Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, China.
Two years in a row, U.S. News & World Report has designated the medical center a Best Regional Hospital.
County Hospital is the only hospital in the county borough of Torfaen, Wales.
In the near future, the bibliotheque Inguimbertine will be transferred to this place.
Under the North West London strategy, Shaping a healthier future, the Trust was designated as a major hospital in 2013.
Fujisawa City Hospital is a general hospital in Fujisawa, Kanagawa, Japan.
The Louisiana State University System, which owns the building, stated that it had no plans to reopen the hospital in its original location.
And The king Hussein medical center is a major part of JRMS.
The Health Science Scotland vision is to 'promote and enhance Scotland as a world-leading hub of innovative health research and development'.
An $89 million 106,000 square foot hospital building is under construction to replace the current facility.
Each year 100 students are enrolled, on basis of their performance in ETEA test, in MBBS and 50 are enrolled in BDS.
A major expansion was completed in 2004.
Nakornthon Hospital sponsors the Nakornthon Hospital Marathon in order to promote well being and community fitness.
Chief Executive Officer: Qasim Q. Al Qasabi, MD, FRCSI, FACS
RPAH is the largest hospital in the Sydney Local Health District, with approximately 700 beds.
Negotiations successfully concluded in 1996 with an agreement between the parties for the provision of full hospital services by the TFHQTC.
It provides a very wide range of medical services.
In 2000, BCCHF merged with the Sunny Hill Foundation for Children, which raises funds for children served by Sunny Hill Health Centre.
The Fort Saskatchewan Community Hospital is an acute care hospital located in Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta.
Norwalk Hospital is a not-for-profit, acute care community teaching hospital in the Hospital Hill section of Norwalk, Connecticut.
Brighton Hospital is one of the oldest alcoholism and addiction treatment centers in North America.
It has the only Level I trauma center and helicopter service in Mid-Missouri, and the only burn intensive care unit in the region.
It is also a teaching hospital for the University of Canberra's School of Nursing.
The hospital was once the largest general hospital in the Commonwealth.
Since its inception, MedStar NRH has admitted in excess of 35,000 inpatients and provided over 2 million outpatient visits.
In November 2001 Dr Muhammad Saqib Ghumman was appointed as the second Medical Director of the Healthcare facility.
Beckomberga Hospital was a Swedish psychiatric hospital, situated in Bromma west of Stockholm.
It is located in Toronto at the Toronto Western Hospital.
St. Mary's Medical Center is a hospital in Huntington, West Virginia, USA.
It manages Darent Valley Hospital in Dartford, Queen Mary's Hospital in Sidcup, Erith and District Hospital and Elm Court.
Founded in 1917, the 48-bed facility moved to its current location in 1938.
The hospital is a regional referral unit for Ophthalmology, trauma and General Surgery.
North Manchester General Hospital is a large NHS hospital located in Crumpsall in the north of the English city of Manchester.
Bryce Hospital, opened in 1861 in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, United States, is Alabama's oldest and largest inpatient psychiatric facility.
It is one of the teaching hospitals of the University of Toronto Faculty of Medicine.
Navicent is a teaching hospital affiliated with Mercer University Medical School.
Mr Watson was later President of the South African Red Cross Society.
The center opened on November 21, 2016.
Its records state that it was established in 1886 by an American Methodist church.
The hospital also serves as the chief teaching hospital of Ayub Medical College.
It became Catholic Medical Center East in 1974.
For the past couple of years the hospital has been recognized among the nation’s “Best Children’s Hospitals” by U.S. News and World Report.
Allegiance Health is a community-owned and locally governed health system located in Jackson in the U.S. state of Michigan.
The hospital also operates the Sunny Hill Health Centre for Children, which provides specialized services to children and youth with developmental disabilities aged birth to 19.
A campaign called Hand Back Our Hospital is attempting to restore services at the hospital.
It serves nearly 500,000 patients every year in a multitude of specialties.
The hospital hosts a clinical school of Sydney Medical School at the University of Sydney.
It was founded by Dr. Herbert Bruce as a private hospital, but became publicly operated in 1942.
Munson’s latest addition – The Cowell Family Cancer Center – opened the spring of 2016, bringing coordinated, comprehensive cancer services to northern Michigan.
The hospital was formerly called Indian General Hospital.
Previously known as Willamette Falls Hospital, the hospital merged with Providence in 2009.
The hospital mainly serves the masses who cannot afford to attend private hospitals in Yangon or go abroad for "medical tourism".
Based on the catchment area, this is a high rate of injury.
English Heritage have designated it a Grade II* listed building.
The first building constructed for the hospital was located on Sixth St. and was dedicated in 1925.
Tønsberg Heliport, Hospital is an asphalt, ground helipad with a diameter of 18.3 meters.
The hospital is made up of the former Grace Hospital, Ottawa Riverside Hospital, Ottawa General Hospital and Ottawa Civic Hospital.
The University of Florida Cancer Hospital is an Academic Cancer Center in Gainesville, FL.
The hospital's neighbors include Staples Center, "L.A. Live" and the Fashion Institute of Design & Merchandising.
Each hospice is purpose-built and offers an appropriate, engaging environment for each age group.
It is run by the South Devon Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust.
It has a registered capacity of 100 beds.
Its primary mandate is to serve the Chinese Canadian community residing in the province of Quebec.
By 1952, the clinic had become a small hospital and was renamed Kizawa Hospital after the founder.
They have a co-operation with the University of Bergen, including the Gades Institute of Pathology.
The hospital has 162 acute care beds.
Since the hospital's closure in 2000, the Annexe and chapel have been converted into apartments, and houses are being built in the grounds.
The Tripoli Central Hospital is a general hospital, located in Tripoli, Libya.
In 2002 the hospital took over the Third Affiliated Hospital of the China Medical University and set up the Huaxiang Campus.
Currently, the Wellesley unit provides care for long term conditions and end of life care through 16 continuing care in-patient beds.
94.6% of admissions were made via the accident and emergency department or 10,112 patients.
Magnet status is the highest international recognition for nursing excellence and leadership.
In its beginning the hospital housed 607 patients.
Providence Milwaukie Hospital is a 77-bed acute care hospital in Milwaukie, Oregon, US.
MultiCare Deaconess Hospital is a 307-bed non-profit general medical and surgical hospital located in Spokane, Washington.
It is affiliated with the University of New South Wales Medical School.
Lake Wales Medical Center's main building is a general use hospital that includes an emergency department, an intensive care unit and various outpatient services.
As of 2010 it had 310 beds.
It is one of six centres used by the Defence Medical Services.
It is operated by the Palomar Health District, which also operates Palomar Medical Center Poway in nearby Poway.
The current location of the city hospital opened on December 7, 2013, less than 1,300 feet to the west of the original campus.
In December 2011, West Middlesex University Hospital was awarded full accreditation by UNICEF as a Baby Friendly hospital, the first London hospital to achieve this award.
The hospital is located in the town of Nkokonjeru, in Buikwe District, in Central Uganda.
Others help patients by financing the cost of medications, operations and therapies.
Saint Mary's Hospital is a Yale-affiliated urban hospital located at 56 Franklin Street, Waterbury, Connecticut operated by Trinity Health.
The hospital also has a 12 bed private unit, The Waterside Suite, wholly owned by the hospital trust, with profits being re-invested into the main hospital.
The Rennes University Hospital is a university hospital in Rennes in France.
College Medical Center, formerly Pacific Hospital of Long Beach, is a community-based teaching hospital located in Long Beach, California.
Penn Presbyterian is spread out on a campus bounded by Market Street, Powelton Avenue, 38th Street, and Sloan Street.
John F. Kennedy Memorial Hospital is a Tenet Healthcare owned hospital in Indio, California, United States.
It is part of the Detroit Medical Center.
Oregon Heart and Vascular Institute is located within the facility, as is the Oregon Neurosciences Institute.
The Physician Network owns and operates primary care practices staffed by JMMG physicians in 23 locations from Brentwood to Pleasanton.
Doctors Medical Center was an eight-story creekside hospital in San Pablo, California.
Formerly run by Somerset Community Health, part of the Somerset Primary Care Trust.
It also provides a range of statewide services in areas such as critical care and trauma, neonatal intensive care and brain injury rehabilitation.
Subsequent hospitals in our history include Hope Hospital, Methodist Hospital, Parkview Memorial Hospital, and Parkview Hospital Randallia.
Connolly Hospital Blanchardstown is a public university teaching hospital in Dublin, Ireland.
In 2008, there were 56 almost healthy residents and their average age was about 80 years.
Many of the services provided at the hospital are used to treat patients from all over the United Kingdom and sometimes from abroad.
The hospital has so far received more than 15 million RMB of cancer research grant.
The hospital also has an emergency department, a physiotherapy unit and a pathological laboratory.
The hospital was formerly known as Glostrup Hospital, but after the merger with Rigshospitalet 1/1/2015, it is now known as Rigshospitalet Glostrup.
The hospital has around 10,000 inpatients admissions and close to 60,000 emergency room visits per year.
Penhow - Rehabilitation for Neurology and Thoracic patients
It provides acute care for a population of about 180,000, people living in South Somerset, North and West Dorset, and parts of Mendip.
However, it appeared in December 2013 that at least some local GPs were not in favour of this.
Landstuhl is home to the Landstuhl Falcons Baseball Club.
Orlando Health is a private, not-for-profit network of community and specialty hospitals based in Orlando, Florida.
In addition to its main hospital campus, the University Health System has outpatient medical offices and imaging centers servicing the surrounding 25-county region comprising the CSRA.
The President of the Board of Trustees is Suzanne Clément.
The hospital offers 16 residency programs and 23 fellowship programs, and employs nearly a thousand volunteers throughout the hospital operations.
It has an affiliated research centre, the Centre de recherche de l’Hôtel-Dieu de Québec.
St Bernard's Hospital is the only civilian general hospital in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar.
For taxation purposes, Beaumont Hospital and the Beaumont Hospital Foundation are both registered charities.
According to Beckers Hospital Review, Children's Health is the fifth largest pediatric healthcare provider in the nation.
A number of children are physically and mentally challenged and a growing number are afflicted by life-threatening ailments.
Cheyenne Regional Medical Center is a hospital located in Cheyenne, Wyoming, USA.
The current chairman is Richard Sumray, and the chief executive is Shane Degaris.
The Center is currently an eight-bed ICU and known for ventilator weaning after catastrophic neurological injury.
The hospital underwent expansion and upgrades, with two operating theatres added to the surgical suite, and vertical expansion of the Highwood Building.
Providence Saint Joseph Medical Center is a hospital in Burbank, California.
There is also a caged outdoor basketball–netball–tennis area for use by patients, taking up what was car parking space.
Interprofessional teams provide care through safe and evidence-based approaches where successful outcomes are achieved using best clinical practices and the latest advances in research.
Built in 1904, it was the largest stand-alone psychiatric hospital in Western Australia for much of the twentieth century until its closure in September 1972.
At that time, it replaced the London General Hospital which had been created in 1875.
The hospital has 35 operating rooms: 26 rooms are Shared Inpatient/Ambulatory Surgery; four rooms are C-Section; three rooms are Other Inpatient; two rooms are Endoscopy.
Aga Khan University Hospital, Kampala, is a hospital under construction in Uganda, the third-largest economy in the East African Community.
The hospital has agreements with various universities for training, teaching, and research.
The hospital is managed under the wider 'Specialised Cancer, Medicine and Rehabilitation' Care Group, thereby increasing integration between the hospital and other STHFT departments.
The hospital also has a library for the staff and students, an on-site pharmacy and a multi-faith prayer room.
Shanghai Chest Hospital is the earliest founded hospital in China, specializing in cardiovascular systems, lung, esophagus, trachea and mediastinum.
It offers more than 80 support groups and ongoing health education classes.
Different wings were designated for men and women, and each room held several beds.
In 1974 the hospital was honored for its twenty-five year membership in the Catholic Hospital Association.
The hospital also has an emergency department, a physiotherapy unit, an x-ray unit and a blood bank service.
The residencies are accredited by the American Osteopathic Association.
Indiana University Health Methodist Hospital is a hospital part of Indiana University Health, located in Indianapolis, state of Indiana, United States.
It has turned out a large number of top-notch medical graduates.
It is a 24-hour emergency, inpatient medical, surgical and critical care facility that has been operating since 1976.
PAH is an affiliate of Memorial Health System based in Springfield, Illinois.
Thomson Medical Centre runs a 24-hour outpatient family clinic, as well as a range of specialist clinics.
The hospital has a track record of well-developed and advanced specialty centers, ranging from heart attacks to cancer.
Jersey Community Hospital employs approximately 400 people, and has the largest payroll in the county.
It offers a Maternal Newborn Program, mental health and psychiatric services, as well as senior's health and ambulatory care.
Inverurie Hospital is a small hospital in Inverurie, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
Its name was changed and responsibility was transferred from the Saskatchewan Catholic Health Corporation to the Saskatoon Health Region on October 31, 2007.
Instead, the hospital relies on donations from its private and corporate donors from many nations.
In June 1957, the Department of Defense mandated to cancel the appellation of “301 Hospital”, while appointing the name of “the China PLA General Hospital”.
It is the only tertiary hospital in the southern part of Ghana.
This new facility led to the closure of the Keele and Church sites and later temporarily re-opened both sites for non-ambulatory services in 2016.
Worthing Hospital is a medium-sized District General Hospital located in Worthing, West Sussex, England.
The bed capacity will be increased to 600 during the second phase.
Shima Hospital was a Japanese hospital destroyed by the atomic bombing of Hiroshima, Japan, on August 6, 1945.
The hospital was closed in 2000 and the buildings were demolished.
The original small Cottage Hospital on West Chester Street grew apace with the island community's needs.
Peterborough Regional Health Centre was established in January 1999, following a directive from the Ontario Hospital Restructuring Commission.
Lompoc Valley Medical Center: Hospital, owned and operated by Lompoc Valley Medical Center, is a 60-bed general acute care rural hospital located in Lompoc, California.
A specialist hospital with a reputation for innovation, the Trust provides a range of musculoskeletal surgical, medical and rehabilitation services; locally, regionally and nationally.
It is one of the emerging Medical Teaching Institutes located at the heart of Kollam city, Kerala.
The hospital forms a cluster with Empilisweni, Umlamli and Cloete Joubert Hospitals.
Kelowna General Hospital is a large medical facility located in Kelowna, British Columbia operated by Interior Health and offers medical care in the Central Okanagan.
The medical center sits on a 142-acre campus located between the Elmhurst, Tahoe Park, and Oak Park residential neighborhoods.
It was the second largest employer in the Rennes region.
Ishaka Adventist Hospital, is a hospital in Uganda.
The West Contra Costa Healthcare District board voted on 26 March 2015 to close the facility in April.
It is also one of three designated spinal cord injury rehabilitation centres in Hong Kong.
An adjacent Maggie's Centre is also located within the grounds.
Epsom Hospital is a hospital in Epsom, Surrey, England.
Affiliated with University Hospitals of Cleveland, the hospital includes an urgent care facility, surgery center, comprehensive imaging facilities, and a network of physician practices.
In 2011–2012, Mount Sinai Hospital was ranked as one of America's best hospitals by U.S. News & World Report in 12 specialties.
Airedale General Hospital is an NHS district General Hospital based in Steeton with Eastburn, West Yorkshire, England and is operated by the Airedale NHS Foundation Trust.
County Hospital is an acute hospital with less than 200 inpatient beds, opened in 1983.
It is the laboratory hospital of health science students enrolled at the Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila, one of the Philippines' most prestigious universities.
Presence Covenant Medical Center, formerly Provena Covenant Medical Center is a 210-bed non-profit hospital in Urbana, Illinois, USA.
Founded in 1881, part of its campus is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Newton Cottage Hospital Historic District.
It is located on Cardiff Road near the Newport city centre.
East Bardera Mothers and Children's Hospital is a non-profit institution women's and children's hospital located in Baardheere, Somalia.
The hospital re-opened in the Royal Newcastle Centre at the site of the John Hunter Hospital in New Lambton Heights.
St. Mary's Medical Center is a hospital in San Francisco, California, USA.
It was founded in 1889 using money from a bequest by philanthropist Johns Hopkins.
It also houses 11 surgical suites, five intensive care unit beds, and a level III neonatal intensive care unit.
The hospital has obtained $CAN200,000 for emergency care, also having lost a number of beds at the hospital needed for patients.
It has functioned as an outpatient facility from its earliest days, though it was affiliated with an acute care hospital prior to World War II.
Baby Fae died a few weeks later; however, this effort led to the successful infant heart transplant program, with transplantation of human-to-human infant transplants.
Through its association with the University of Florida, it offers classes and degrees through the university's College of Medicine, College of Nursing, and College of Pharmacy.
The Toronto Western Hospital is a major research and teaching hospital in Toronto, Ontario Canada.
The medical center is accredited by the American Osteopathic Association's Healthcare Facilities Accreditation Program.
Morton Plant Hospital is community-based and provides services in more than fifty specialty areas.
The Cabin Addiction Services Group also owns The Cabin Chiang Mai inpatient rehab.
The title was altered to reflect the community's changing attitude towards mental illness and the Victorian Government's approach to the treatment of mentally disturbed persons.
It incorporates the Astrid Lindgren Children’s hospital in Solna and the Children’s Hospital in Huddinge.
It is governed by its commitment to practice modern medicine to the same high standards as the best medical facilities in the world.
It practices social assistance, mainly using allopathic Western medicine.
A full medical staff of general surgeons, radiologists and ten family practice physicians work at the hospital.
The Bon Secours Hospital, Tralee is a private hospital in County Kerry, Ireland.
It is managed by the Irish Government's Health Service Executive and provides orthopaedic services for the population of County Cork.
A teaching hospital, it is associated with both the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland and University College Dublin.
This hospital has around 104 beds, including 95 beds for children and 9 beds for newborns.
Grantham and District Hospital, is an NHS hospital located in Grantham, Lincolnshire, England.
Alberta Health Services is responsible for the operations of the hospital.
Presbyterian Hospital, Durtlang is a general hospital and nursing school in Aizawl, Mizoram.
An onsite academic unit affiliated with UNSW Medicine provides general practice services, medical education and training, and conducts primary care, health services and health informatics research.
In 2012, AMC was named the No.
Aditya Jyot Eye Hospital is a Mumbai eye hospital.
The hospital has all specializations except organ transplantation.
Kimball originated as a small community hospital in 1913.
With its two eye hospitals, along with its satellite clinics EREC-P provides eye services to the population in eastern Nepal and northern India.
The trust also provides a nationwide endoscopy training service.
RAK Hospital is a multispeciality hospital located in RAK, United Arab Emirates.
Ranked #1 in Miami-area hospitals in the 2015-16 U.S. News & World Report survey.
However soon after the announcement both the State and Federal governments appropriated $3.5 million to keep the hospital open while a buyer was sought.
The hospital was named for Nathan Barnert, a philanthropist and former mayor of Paterson who founded the hospital.
It was affiliated with the Episcopal Diocese of Maryland of the Episcopal Church.
In cases where patients have gone to private maternity clinics, they may be moved to KEMH if complications occur.
Capitol University Medical Center in Cagayan de Oro, Philippines, is the Base Hospital for the Capitol University.
The asylum's buildings are typical examples of the Italianate architecture style which was popular in Victorian Melbourne.
As part of the Central University of Venezuela its structure is World Heritage Site since 2000.
on a patient's own request for a specified period of time.
GDH provides a range of medical, surgical and maternity services to the Central Coast region of New South Wales.
The hospital was refurbished during the late 1990s.
The New Cook County Hospital was completed in December 2002, and is housed in a facility located adjacent to the old hospital building.
The hospital has 4 Centura Health Physician Group clinic locations affiliated with the hospital in Longmont, Lyons, Berthoud and Niwot.
The hospital treats approximately 750 patients a year and sets the national benchmark in ventilator weaning at nearly 60%.
The Wilson N. Jones Regional Medical Center, formerly Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital–WNJ, is a hospital in Sherman, Texas.
Prior to its purchase by Sheppard Pratt the facility was known as Taylor Manor, one of only a dozen privately owned psychiatric facilities in the nation.
More than 6000 people have signed a petition calling for the restoration of the casualty department.
Lurie Children’s offers 70 pediatric sub-specialties and has physicians at 14 other city and suburban locations.
Queen Elizabeth II Health Sciences Centre, in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, is a large teaching hospital affiliated with Dalhousie University.
The hospital currently has about 1000 beds, up from the initial 500 when first built.
The Quinze-Vingts National Ophtalmology Hospital,, is France's national ophthalmology hospital located in Paris, in the 12th arrondissement.
Brigham and Women's Faulkner Hospital is a 162-bed, non-profit community teaching hospital located in Boston, Massachusetts.
Specialist services attract patients from all over New South Wales.
The Hospital is known internationally for receiving from J. M. Barrie the copyright to Peter Pan in 1929, which has provided significant funding for the institution.
The UK 1845 County Asylums Act required all counties to provide residential treatment for those with mental illness.
This hospital has the only dedicated department of spine surgery in the country.
The purpose built Osteoporosis unit was opened in 2010 and it is the only Osteoporosis and Bone Density unit for the Aneurin Bevan Health Board.
On some days, it offers group therapy sessions, including recreation therapy, coping skills, depression support, and spirituality.
Patna Dental College is an institution for Dental science and is a part of the Patna University, Patna, Bihar, India.
Established in 1896, the hospital has 1,604 employees, and operates a Level III trauma center.
The use of the hospital began to decline in 1965.
Kulliyyah of Medicine uses Hospital Tuanku Ampuan Afzan in Pahang as the main teaching hospital.
The Child Life Department is an integral part of Children's Hospital.
It was demolished in 1963 to make way for town improvements.
Martha's Vineyard Hospital is a not-for-profit regional medical center located in Oak Bluffs, Massachusetts.
The hospital is the first national cancer center of its kind for the fight against cancer in Nepal.
The hospital opened several months early in February 1920 to deal with a flu epidemic.
Joseph Brant Hospital is a hospital in Burlington, Ontario.
Sparrow Hospital operates the only dedicated pediatric emergency room and the largest adult emergency room in the region.
UMC's Timothy J. Harnar Burn Center is the only Burn Center in the region.
Kirklandside is a small hospital run by NHS Ayrshire and Arran in the village of Hurlford a few miles out of Kilmarnock, Scotland.
Kenneth Langone is the chairman of the board of trustees.
It is located at 227 Madison Street in Lower Manhattan.
Beds were occasionally placed in corridors as the hospital cared for polio victims in 1953-54.
The hospital is affiliated with the University of Alberta and run by Alberta Health Services, the health authority for Alberta.
It also hosts nursing students from surrounding community colleges such as Montgomery College.
Kirkwood Hospice is a hospice situated in Dalton, Huddersfield, in West Yorkshire, England.
The western half of the site is now occupied by a large Tesco supermarket, with its supporting car parks and filling station.
The emergency department had 20,448 visits between April 2009 and Mar 2010
The hospital has been in existence since 1895.
In addition, La Rabida specializes in the treatment of children who have been abused, neglected or experienced trauma.
Located in the suburb of Grafton, east of the CBD, it has 3,500 rooms and provides a total of 710 beds.
The new hospital is a six-story structure with 181 beds with expansion space for 300 beds total.
The University of Toledo has entered into a 50-year agreement that will link its medical college with ProMedica.
Despite considerable public opposition and media attention, demolition of the main Kirkbride building began in April 2014 and was completed by October 2015.
The sanatorium was built in 1918 on the hillside site between Takapau and Waipukurau, to care for soldiers returning from World War I.
It serves a population of around 230,000 people in the Great Yarmouth, Lowestoft and Waveney area.
IMH is a modern hospital, with 50 wards and 2010 beds for inpatients and seven specialist clinics for outpatients.
It is a tertiary level teaching hospital with all major medical and surgical specialities onsite except for obstetrics, gynaecology and paediatrics.
Many under-privileged people depend on this hospital for their healthcare.
The Royal Alexandra Hospital for Sick Children originally stood on Dyke Road in the Montpelier area of Brighton.
"Xavier Park Quietly Awaits Decision on Its Future," Telegraph Herald, Mar.
A new building is being built under the project of "Grandir en Santé".
In 2014, the Rennes University Hospital was ranked in the top 10 hospitals in France.
The cement walls have murals made by prisoners that depict wildlife.
Blackrock Clinic now has over 300 consultants registered on its Medical Society, representing over 40 medical specialties.
It has been consistently ranked as the top children's hospital in China, and the first children's hospital in Asia to be accredited by Joint Commission International.
MultiCare Health System's Tacoma General Hospital is the largest hospital in Tacoma, Washington.
MedStar Harbor Hospital is a private nonprofit, 150-bed, acute care teaching hospital in Baltimore City, Maryland, U.S.
The hospital is managed by the Hospital Authority and has 130 beds and more than 260 staff.
Brenner Children's Hospital, a 144-bed "hospital within a hospital" at the medical center, is nationally ranked in Orthopedics by U.S. News & World Report.
It was the first hospital to be based in east Oxford.
The Kilgour Wing is a long term care centre with the large majority of patients being war veterans.
In 2003, it handled 2,150 gunshot wounds and other life-threatening injuries.
The medical students of Army Medical College are imparted clinical training by the concerned specialists and the professors.
It was founded by the Protestant Episcopal Americans in 1903 as the second American and Protestant founded hospital in the Philippines.
It is managed by the Health Service Executive and provides in-patient and out-patient orthopaedic services for the population of County Kilkenny and the South East.
In December 2007, RMH celebrated its 100th anniversary in service of the community.
The medical campus is part of Adventist Health.
The medical staff includes over 500 physicians and surgeons.
It has 500 beds and serves around 2,000 inpatients per month.
A cottage hospital was built at Aberbargoed by the Powell Duffryn Steam Coal Company in 1909 to provide hospital facilities for employees in the Rhymney Valley.
In 2002, Cirque Lodge opened a second facility in Orem, Utah in the former Osmond Studios built for the Donny & Marie television series.
It is part of the Surrey and Sussex Healthcare NHS Trust.
The hospital site has undergone several major alterations in recent years.
Naomi House has been open to families since 27 June 1997.
Butterworth Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital for the Mnquma Local Municipality area in Butterworth, Eastern Cape in South Africa.
It first received the name Sydney Hospital in 1881.
It was founded in 1950 by R. D. Birla.
It is the first stem cell procedure of any kind at the Catholic medical center.
Later that year, the name of the hospital was changed to Advocate Sherman Hospital.
It is equipped with most modern cardiac catheterisation lab ensuring detailed study of chambers, valves, coronary arteries and blood flow details.
Nawaz Sharif Kidney Hospital [NSKH] is situated in Garai Kalay Manglawar Swat.
Naresuan University Hospital is a primary teaching hospital of the Faculty of Medicine Naresuan University, located on the campus of Naresuan University in Phitsanulok, Thailand.
Since 1996 it has been one of the three hospitals making up the Centre hospitalier de l'Université de Montréal.
Shouldice Hernia Centre is a private hospital in Thornhill, Ontario, Canada.
The specialty center also includes a new osteoporosis center, balance center and pain management center as well.
There was also a Maggie's centre at the hospital to help cancer patients, as well as the Glasgow Clinical Research Facility.
Sahmyook Medical Center also houses the Sahmyook Children's Hospital, Proton Treatment Center, Transplantation Institute & Liver Center.
The BRI is one of eight hospitals within the University Hospitals Bristol NHS Foundation Trust.
It is the leading hospital in the Eastern Province and is controlled by the central government in Colombo.
St. Vincent Mercy Medical Center was the first hospital in Toledo, Ohio and is part of Mercy Health Partners.
Tuality has partnerships with both Pacific University and Oregon Health Sciences University.
Among its largest clients are Hanjin Shipbuilding and all SBDMC‘S 150 locator companies and 20,000 employees located in Subic Bay Gateway Park.
Wills Eye Hospital is a non-profit eye clinic and hospital in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The official name is The Saint Petersburg State Health Care Establishment the City Hospital No 40 of the Resort District.
Lagos Island General Hospital is the oldest hospital in Nigeria.
The original building was a grand symmetrical red brick Tudor-style composition enclosing a large courtyard, built to the designs of Edward Lapidge, the county surveyor.
The hospital employees more than 350 physicians and includes an emergency room that is a level II trauma center.
Hospital Universitario de Canarias or University Hospital of the Canary Islands it is a teaching hospital of general scope in Tenerife.
Billroth Hospital has its branches in Shenoy Nagar, R A Puram and Tiruvallur.
The efforts of so many who went before have not been forgotten.
St Ann's achieved when inspected by the CQC achieved all standards care.
It provides numerous outpatient Ambulatory care services in both on campus and off site facilities.
There are 35 departments with different clinical profiles and 15 departments for Out Patient care, which all are situated in 15 buildings.
Bornholms Hospital is a hospital on the Danish island of Bornholm's city of Rønne.
The building was designed by Culham Pedersen Valentine, and built at a cost of $90 million.
It was founded by the autonomous northwestern Somaliland region's former foreign minister and former first lady of Somalia, Edna Adan Ismail.
After World War II, many of the farmers in the surrounding area retired and their land was developed into suburban communities.
In 1934, it changed to Pitt General Hospital, and then again to Pitt County Memorial Hospital in 1949.
The Bicêtre is referenced in the last chapter of Foucault's Madness and Civilization titled 'The Birth of the Asylum.'
The eight-story inpatient facility provides patient care services from primary care through and including transplantation, with a medical staff in a variety of specialties.
The main buildings have now been transformed into a Business Park, with the hospital now occupying the neighbouring land.
The hospital is surrounded by the parkland of Royal Park, with views of trees and lots of natural light.
Natividad Medical Center is accredited by the Joint Commission.
As a tertiary health-care facility, KTH serves as major referral center in the region.
As of 2013, the hospital is a 579,000-square-foot complex on a 115-acre campus adjacent to Interstate 675.
It is governed by the Hospital Authority, and is designated under New Territories West Cluster.
It currently houses the serious injuries centre for West London.
For a time, the U.S. News & World Report rated it the best in Virginia.
Estrella Hospital, privately owned, is listed by the Philippine Department of Health as a level 2 hospital.
Mallavi Hospital is a government hospital in Mallavi, Sri Lanka.
It is located at the Bethlem Royal Hospital, part of the South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust.
Bangued Christian Hospital was established in the year 1948, and grew under the selfless contributions of Mennonite Disaster Service of the Mennonite Central Committee.
The NHS has 4,154 employees, 599 physicians and 1,100 volunteers, with an annual operating budget of approximately $400 million.
It is an independent charity and relies partly upon donations to cover day-to-day running costs to provide care and accommodation for veterans.
CAMC is the home of the Marshall University Doctor of Management Practice Nurse anesthetist program.
It is recognized for excellence in orthopedics, obstetrics, oncology, and cardiology.
Nawaloka Hospital was established in 1985 by Deshamanya H. K. Dharmadasa.
The Indian government in 2012 provided LKR 89 million worth of equipment to the Mullaitivu District General Hospital.
Attached to the hospital is on-site accommodation for nursing staff and an ambulance station.
The hospital's primary research mandate is in cardiovascular studies, imaging, neurodegenerative disorders, and nutraceuticals.
Prominent Montreal businessman J. Louis Levesque was a major benefactor whose initial $1 million donation in 1969 doubled the research department's budget.
Saint Joseph Hospital is a hospital in the City Park West neighborhood of Denver.
It was founded as a Christian mission by Dr. Karloost Vartan and the Edinburgh Medical Missionary Society in 1861.
There has been consideration for more beds to be offered at the hospital.
It provides extended care for patients with physical disabilities and chronic illnesses.
Specialties include cardiac care, dialysis, cancer care, maternal child health services, orthopedics, neurosurgery and behavioral health.
Gupo Bumin Hospital is a specialized medical center focusing on rehabilitation of neurological disorders and chronic medical diseases.
The respiratory medicine unit provides teaching opportunities for medical students from the Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine, University of Hong Kong.
It a premier institute where chest diseases are treated with expertise from the best in the field.
Instead of using conventional radiation therapy go destroy cancer cells, proton therapy uses a beam of protons that can be aimed directly at tumors.
The Tulane Medical Center has centers covering nearly all major specialties of medicine, and is the primary teaching hospital for the Tulane University School of Medicine.
The well known Vietnamese surgeon Ton That Tung more than 40 years conducted his research and operations here.
The Royal Shrewsbury Hospital is a teaching hospital in Shrewsbury, Shropshire, England.
Located in Rome, Ga., it is Floyd County’s largest employer with over 2,000 employees.
Victoria Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital for the Nkonkobe Local Municipality area in Alice, Eastern Cape in South Africa.
The Diocese merged St. Joseph and Our Lady of Fatima Hospital in the early 1970s.
The Montreal Neurological Institute and Hospital is an academic medical centre dedicated to neuroscience research, training and clinical care located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
The site is in the center of Eldoret, the capital of Uasin Gishu county, Kenya.
At present, the Hospital has more than 500 beds for patients and 18 surgery rooms and able to perform over 800 open-heart operations annually.
It is closely affiliated to the Institute of Psychiatry, King's College London, and forms part of the Psychosis Clinical Academic Group of King's Health Partners.
Assigned to the Hong Kong eastern hospital cluster and replaced the other Nethersole hospital, which relocated to the New Territories.
It is located adjacent to the Juravinski Cancer Centre.
The hospital is under expansion by IBT Group on the site of the previous hospital at a cost of £102.9 million.
Washington Pediatric Hospital is a 102-bed non-profit children's hospital set in the scenic neighborhood of Mt.
In February 2009, South African sprinter Oscar Pistorius was treated at the hospital after a serious boating accident.
The Integris facilities are hospitals, rehabilitation centers, physician clinics, mental health facilities, independent living centers, and home health agencies, located throughout Oklahoma.
The Dr. Ronald P. Guzman Medical Center Inc. is a Secondary Level Hospital located in Carig, Tuguegarao City, Philippines.
The radiology department has three radiology rooms, a 1.5T MRI scanner, a 64-slice CT scanner, a DEXA scanner and two ultra sound suites.
On March 7, 2013, Kelsey Harrison Hospital recorded its first successful delivery since undergoing a major upgrade.
Established in 1994, Vejthani Hospital received ISO 9001:2000 certification in 2003 and in 2007 was awarded Thailand Hospital Accreditation.
Over the past three decades, the ophthalmology department has been a leading recipient of funding from the National Eye Institute, part of the NIH.
Detroit Receiving Hospital in Detroit, Michigan, is the state's first Level I Trauma Center.
It was then closed in 1997 and remains abandoned to this day.
Hutzel Women's Hospital is one of the eight institutions that compose the Detroit Medical Center.
Maple Grove Hospital is located in Maple Grove, Minnesota.
In 2007, the hospital was named to Leapfrog's top hospital list for the second year in a row.
It is the primary teaching hospital for Yale School of Medicine and Yale School of Nursing.
Its location is approximately 77 kilometres, by road, west of Mbarara, the largest city in the sub-region.
In 2015 a follow-up investigation covered the story of a Bayonne resident who was charged over $17,000 for stitches on a two-inch cut.
An agreement was made with the Defence Department for the latter to erect the Mont Park central block for use as a Military Hospital.
general surgery, internal medicine, orthopaedic surgery, pathology etc.
The Kelsey-Seybold Clinic is a large multi-specialty clinic system located in Greater Houston with its administrative headquarters in Shadow Creek Ranch, Pearland.
The Hong Kong Government and the Hospital Authority had approved a project to remodel the Tang Shiu Kin Hospital into a Community Ambulatory Care Centre.
The Bayreuth Medical Center is the teaching hospital of the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg and is the largest hospital in Upper Franconia, Bavaria.
OSF Saint Anthony Medical Center is a hospital located in Rockford, Illinois, USA.
In 2009, 72% of admissions were made via the accident and emergency department or 10,672 patients.
With about 2300 employees and 294 training Vacancies The Bayreuth Medical Center is considered the largest employer in the Region.
Kitgum Hospital, is a government-owned hospital in Northern Uganda.
On 19 August, it was reported that the doctor who treated Sawyer at the hospital, Ameyo Adadevoh, had also died of Ebola disease.
It is named after Casey Frayne, whose mother June Callwood was one of the principal volunteers whose efforts brought about the founding of the hospital.
Broadgreen Hospital is a teaching hospital in the suburb of Broadgreen; in the city of Liverpool, England.
The hospital was renamed, and Uxbridge Cottage was placed under the jurisdiction of the Markham-Stouffville Hospital Corporation.
Doctors Hospital of Laredo is located at 10700 McPherson Rd.
In January 2012 Ingham Regional Medical Center was renamed McLaren Greater Lansing.
It served the counties of Lehigh, Northampton, Carbon, Monroe, Pike, and occasionally eastern Schuylkill.
This hospital was established by Madhavanji and was named as Aware Hospitals.
The new facility opened in 1997, following a delay due to the Flood of the Century.
Dr. Peggy Naleppa, MS, MBA, FACHE has been president and CEO since January 2010.
Currently, Riverview Health Centre operates multiple areas of specialized care, including:
Guelph General Hospital is a medical care facility in Guelph, Ontario, Canada.
Wesley Long Hospital is a 175-bed acute-care facility located in Greensboro, North Carolina.
The 18-hectare hospital was originally known as Rockingham Kwinana District Hospital, but was renamed in 2008 during a major redevelopment.
Port of Spain General Hospital is a public hospital in Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago.
In 1987 the hospital was involved in the case of the hospital bombings where an undetonated pipe bomb was found in the hospital.
Christchurch Hospital is part of the Royal Bournemouth and Christchurch Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust.
Reggie Williams, former Wide Receiver for the Jacksonville Jaguars
The hospital is one of the two major hospitals located in Malé.
Although the decision to construct Dubai Hospital was made in 1977, it did not begin admitting patients until March, 1983.
The primary teaching hospital for Harvard Medical School in ophthalmology and otolaryngology, Mass.
The parcel tax was billed as the 'last hope' for the hospital.
The geographical coordinates of the hospital are: 0°00'09.0"N, 32°00'59.0"E.
Russells Hall Hospital is an NHS general hospital located in Dudley, West Midlands, England, run by The Dudley Group NHS Foundation Trust.
Opened in 1962, the for profit hospital was known for its cosmetic surgery.
Its proclamation as an asylum was published in the Government Gazette on 31 October 1879.
The hospital has more than 400 beds and various room types and facilities.
The university is named for Olaf II of Norway, also known as St. Olav.
Opened at a different location as McMinnville Community Hospital, the four story medical center has 80 licensed hospital beds.
It is named in honour of Joseph Lister, 1st Baron Lister, a British surgeon known as the pioneer of aseptic surgery.
Hospital Punta Pacifica is a hospital in Panama City, Panama.
University Hospital is an independent state owned hospital in Newark, New Jersey.
During its time it had its own church, farms, railway, telephone exchange, post office, reservoirs, gas works, brewery, orchestra, brass band, ballroom and butchers.
The move was to be temporary until construction of a new hospital at another location was completed.
Adjacent to the hospital itself is a 60,000-square-foot medical office tower, called the Palmdale Medical Plaza.
A multi-year modernization project was completed in 2014, expanding the facility dramatically.
The Mercy Heart Institute and the Mercy Stroke Center are key features of the hospital.
The outpatient surgery center has received national benchmark awards for its work in cataract surgery, knee arthroscopy and many other procedures.
Saint Mary’s has been a teaching hospital for the Yale University School of Medicine for over 40 years.
Founded in 1912 by a regional organization of the Methodist Church, Wesley has been a facility of the Hospital Corporation of America since 1985.
As of 2009, there were 8 ex-leprosy residents.
The hospital is supported by the Thunder Bay Regional Health Sciences Foundation.
The Olean General Hospital campus consists of the hospital and three additional buildings.
Today, the RMPDC has grown to a 24-hours-a day, 365-days-a-year, call center managing nearly 400,000 cases each year.
UTH offers both inpatient and outpatient care and is a center for specialist referrals from across the country.
The center has multilingual staff fluent in Mandarin, Cantonese, Taishanese, Shanghainese, Fujianese, Vietnamese, and Korean.
Stutterheim Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in the Amahlathi Local Municipality area in Stutterheim, Eastern Cape in South Africa.
It is near the Hospital Universitario Nuestra Señora de Candelaria, a referral hospital in some specialties in Spain.
Nemours Alfred I. duPont Hospital for Children is a pediatric hospital located in Wilmington, Delaware.
It is associated with the National University of Ireland and provides national tertiary care in many branches of medicine.
Based on volume, it is ranked #1 regionally in all pediatric specialties and is accredited by the Joint Commission.
It uses an enterprise data warehouse to monitor and report adherence to evidence-based guidelines and order sets on an ongoing basis.
The hospital has 700 acute-care-licensed beds and employs 1,300 physicians.
The Institute of Mental Health in Belgrade, established in 1963, is the first social-psychiatric institution in Southeast Europe.
As of 2014, St. Mary's is owned by Prime Healthcare Services.
The hospital is operated by the Southern District Health Board, formed by the amalgamation of the Otago District Health Board and Southland District Health Board.
It is located in Memphis, Tennessee, and is a nonprofit medical corporation designated as a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization by the Internal Revenue Service.
The 37 Military Hospital is a specialist hospital located in Accra, on the main road between Kotoka International Airport and central Accra.
The maternity and gynaecology wing was later opened by, and dedicated to, the Duchess of Westminster.
The nearest Montreal Metro station is Monk.
It is located in the Coastal town of Lincoln City, in the U.S. state of Oregon.
Cricketer Ian Botham, famous for his charity work, opened a state of the art leukaemia unit at the hospital in 1998.
KHCF is a free-standing, independent, non-governmental, nonprofit organization established by a royal decree to combat cancer in Jordan and the Middle East region.
Since its inauguration, SNEC has averaged an annual workload of 14,000 major eye surgeries and 13,000 laser procedures.
Whitby Falls Hospital is a former hospital for the mentally ill located in Mundijong, Western Australia.
Taiping Hospital or formerly known as Yong Wah Hospital was one of the first hospitals established in Malaysia.
It was established during the reign of Nizams.
Casey House is a hospital in Toronto, Ontario, Canada that specializes in HIV/AIDS care and also provides home care and outreach programs.
Andrea Gilbert currently serves as the President of Bryn Mawr Hospital.
It is also a regional leader in providing tertiary-quaternary health care and has an organ transplant program.
Mercy Medical Center has 171 licensed beds on a 90-acre campus, and the hospital has a heliport for patients arriving to the emergency room via helicopter.
The hospital closed at the end of the war.
The city's Accident and Emergency department relocated to this hospital from the former site at Derbyshire Royal Infirmary.
Having outgrown this space, it moved to a new 72-bed building on Dorchester Boulevard at St. Dominique Street; today this facility is a long-term care centre.
The hospital is full-service, with an emergency room and surgical facilities.
It is now managed by the Somerset Partnership NHS Foundation Trust.
Community Memorial moved twice due to population growth, once in 1953 and again in 1969 to its current location.
It was closed in 2011, with plans to open an 8-room hotel in the building in July 2013.
It is located in Manhattan's Upper East Side in New York City
On February 27, 2012, the Duke Cancer Institute opened the Duke Cancer Center, a new 7-floor building devoted exclusively to cancer care.
Lourdes Orthopaedic Hospital is a public hospital located in Kilkenny, County Kilkenny, Ireland.
The original 1954 building still exists, and is currently used as a nursing home.
Further buildings were added in 1919, 1930 and 1964.
In 2014 a new Diamond Jubilee rehabilitation centre was opened by Princess Alexandra of Kent.
The hospital has teaching facilities as part of the University of East Anglia Norwich Medical School.
It is staffed by two on site physicians and two nurses.
Eisenhower Urgent Cares offers a variety of services and are equipped with x-ray facilities.
Community Hospital of San Bernardino is a 343-bed non-profit hospital in San Bernardino, California, USA.
The Herz und Diabeteszentrum, is a heart clinic in the German town Bad Oeynhausen.
Christian Medical Association of India, New Delhi
The residencies are accredited by the American Osteopathic Association.
It, along with the University of Missouri Women's Center and the Family Birth Center, form the only Women's and Children's Hospital in Missouri.
The hospital was founded by Hadassah, the Women's Zionist Organization of America, which continues to underwrite a large part of its budget today.
Construction of a new building started in 2001 and was opened in 2004 by the Countess of Wessex.
The Lady Cilento Children's Hospital is a new major children's hospital in South Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
The hospital was scheduled to undergo an estimated $22 million upgrade to the ER as of 2011, which proceeded by June, 2012.
The six hospitals include: Deaconess Hospital, Deaconess Gateway Hospital, The Women’s Hospital, The Heart Hospital, Deaconess Cross Pointe, and HealthSouth Deaconess Rehabilitation Hospital.
Craig is also the NIDRR National Statistical TBI database for the other 15 Model System Centers in the U.S.
It serves an estimated 241,000 people from the boroughs/districts of Craigavon, Banbridge, Armagh and Dungannon–South Tyrone.
The Prince Charles Hospital is a major teaching hospital in Brisbane's northside with an emphasis in cardiac and respiratory medicine and cardio-thoracic surgery.
Dr. Kariadi, is the hospital affiliated with the Faculty of Medicine Diponegoro University.
It forms part of the Bon Secours Health System, the largest private healthcare network in Ireland, which includes hospitals in Cork, Galway, and Tralee.
In 2007 it was announced that Royal University Hospital will be the site of the Saskatchewan Children's Hospital.
Alberta Health Services is responsible for the operations of the hospital.
The Janeway Children's Health and Rehabilitation Centre is a children's hospital located in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
It is the teaching center for the University of California, Irvine School of Medicine.
It is the third largest tertiary care hospital in the country.
Part of the Blue Mountain Hospital District, it was built in 1949 in Prairie City and re-built in 1960 in John Day.
This was the first newly constructed VA hospital to open since 1995 and cost $600 million.
The pediatric residency training program at Cincinnati Children's is among the largest in the country, training approximately 130 graduate physicians each year.
It is a 300 bedded, tertiary ophthalmic hospital.It includes an Eye Bank, Glaucoma clinic, Squint clinic and a Vitreo-retinal centre.
The emergency Department in Wollongong Hospital is also one of the busiest in New South Wales, with around 50000 case presentations annually.
They renamed the Marina del Rey facility Daniel Freeman Marina Hospital.
The Trust also has almshouses in Bucklebury and Bray in Berkshire and Iffley in Oxfordshire.
The center is an initiative of a private Vietnam - Japan private healthcare project,
The original RACH was built in 1929, and was replaced in 2004 by a modern hospital.
The hospital is the largest employer in the region with over 3,000 employees.
Baylor College of Medicine has been affiliated with the hospital since 1949.
It is attached with Lahore Medical and Dental College as a teaching and training hospital.
It consists of a medical ward, a surgical ward, a pediatric ward, and an obstetrics and gynecology ward.
In 2010, UTMC opened Eastern Tennessee's first dedicated heart hospital.
Holy Innocents Children's Hospital, is a pediatric general hospital in the Western Region in Uganda.
This location is approximately 38 kilometres, by road, northeast of Kampala, Uganda's capital and largest city.
Good Samaritan Hospital opened in May 1959, and it has expanded several times since opening.
Vancouver General Hospital is a medical facility located in Vancouver, British Columbia.
St Mary's Hospital is headed by a Clinical Director and a Divisional Director.
Abudwak Maternity and Children's Hospital is a diaspora initiated health services center in Abudwak, Galgadud Region's largest city.
Olabisi Onabanjo University Teaching Hospital is situated at Sagamu , Ogun State, South West Nigeria.
That group was expanded so that Galway University Hospitals became part of the West-Northwest hospital group, now called Saolta .
The Macquarie University Hospital is a private teaching hospital.
It is the largest hospital in Central Oregon, and a level 2 trauma center.
In 2004, the Critical Care Pavilion, housing the Level I Adult Trauma Center, opened.
St. Mary's Hospital was a psychiatric facility located in the village of Burghill, Herefordshire.
In January 2009 on three separate days the hospital and its grounds were shelled and five people were killed and twenty-eight were wounded.
Headquartered in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, Novant Health serves more than 4 million patients annually.
The Westmoreland Lock Hospital was a hospital for venereal disease originally located at Donnybrook and later moved to Lazar's Hill, Dublin, Ireland.
It is operated by Hamilton Health Sciences and is within the McMaster University Medical Centre.
Most of the complex has been demolished to make way for a housing estate.
The Universitäts-Augenklinik Düsseldorf is the department of Ophthalmology of the University Hospital of Düsseldorf in Germany.
Formerly Legacy Emanuel Children's Hospital, it was renamed in 2011 during construction of the new 165-bed patient tower.
The cardiovascular rehabilitation program is certified by the American Association of Cardiovascular and Pulmonary Rehabilitation.
To increase the number of Scottish patients participating in and benefiting from clinical research
The hospital has various training programmes at graduate level in the disciplines nursing, physiotherapy, optometry as well as in general nursing and midwifery.
Doctors Hospital of Laredo for-profit hospital is owned and operated by Universal Health Services.
It was also the first hospital in the northeastern United States to offer an aeromedical service.
It covers an area with 470,000 residents in 26 municipalities.
In 2010, Trinity acquired Unity Medical Center in Muscatine, Iowa, later renaming the facility Trinity Muscatine.
This is correct, John Palin married Anne Vyse in 1796.
Fra Mihovil Sučić Hospital is the largest and central hospital of Canton 10 in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Norfolk Regional Center is a psychiatric hospital located in Norfolk, Nebraska.
Situated on Samsen road, Dusit District, Bangkok, Thailand.
Värnamo sjukhus is a hospital in Värnamo, Sweden.
WVH is the only hospital in Polk County.
In 2008 1,426 babies were delivered at the hospital.
It is the teaching hospital to the South Asian Institute of Technology and Medicine and is the first private teaching hospital in the country as well.
The hospital was founded in 1987, replacing the older Bryan Memorial Hospital.
It is a specialist cancer treatment and research centre, closely associated with the Advanced Centre for Treatment, Research and Education in Cancer.
Frederiksberg Hospital is a medium-sized government owned general hospital located in Frederiksberg, Denmark.
On March 5, 2013, the Hôpital Louis-H. Lafontaine renamed to become the Institut universitaire en santé mentale de Montréal.
Harbor–UCLA Medical Center is a 570-bed public teaching hospital located at 1000 West Carson Street in Torrance, California within Los Angeles County, United States.
After numerous additions between 1895 and 1999, the hospital has grown to 353 beds.
Helen Newberry Joy Hospital & Healthcare Center is a rural health care facility.
The hospital has 270 beds, and is a level III trauma center.
It was founded in 1865 under the auspices of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Cleveland.
It is sometimes called the East Hamlet hospital; this dates from when Ludlow had another hospital, on College Street.
A wide range of inpatient and outpatient clinics/services are provided at seven sites.
The hospital is designed to serve patients with general medical and surgical care.
The hospital has 350 beds to accommodate patients, there are more than 70 examination rooms which provide services to some 2,000 outpatients.
It was used for a period thereafter as a training centre to accommodate intellectually handicapped persons.
It includes six orthopedic operating rooms and sixty-three replacement inpatient orthopedic beds for the Connecticut Joint Replacement Institute.
This hospital provides cover for the Cowal peninsula population, numbering some fifteen thousand people.
Interpines was a private hospital located in Goshen, New York, a village of three thousand inhabitants.
Gold Coast Hospital, located at 98-136 Nerang Street, Southport was a major teaching and referral hospital and the third largest in Queensland.
VU University Medical Center Amsterdam is the university hospital affiliated with the VU University Amsterdam.
Beechworth Lunatic Asylum, originally known as the haunted Mayday Hills Lunatic Asylum is a decommissioned hospital located in Beechworth, a town of Victoria, Australia.
It offers a total of more than 500 beds.
Endell Street Military Hospital was a First World War military hospital located on Endell Street in Covent Garden, central London.
It is a state-designated community trauma center that serves Whitefish and the broader community of Flathead and Lincoln County.
It replaced the former Preston Royal Infirmary that was located in Stanleyfield Road near the town centre.
Greentrees Hospital was a hospital in Palmers Green, North London.
It is the leading hospital in Vavuniya District and is controlled by the provincial government in Jaffna.
The operating theatre is no longer in use but is located in the main wing.
Children's Medical Center Plano recorded more than 140,000 patient encounters in 2014.
It is among the largest in the United States, serving children from birth to age 21.
The hospital was renamed to Palomar Medical Center in 1987.
Hornsby Ku-ring-gai Hospital is a hospital in Sydney, Australia, located on Palmerston Road in Hornsby.
The first phase opened in 2005 and the second phase opened in 2015.
Miami Valley Hospital is a large urban hospital located in Dayton, Ohio and is a member of the Premier Health Partners network.
It is part of the Epsom and St Helier University Hospitals NHS Trust along with the nearby St Helier Hospital and Sutton Hospital.
In addition to reading Driver, OUH has an extensive research activity, and annually trains 2.500 people as part of either basic or continuing education.
Cloud Hospital is a hospital in St.
Al-Mouwasat University Hospital was founded on 1958 in Damascus, Syria.
It also offers many joint residency programs with Montefiore Medical Center.
The hospital's operating revenue for clinical activities alone was £378 million in 2014/15.
In 1961, Dammasch State Hospital opened in Clackamas County near Portland, which served to mitigate the hospital's overcrowding issues.
Fortis Malar Hospital formerly known as Malar Hospital is a multi super-specialty hospital located at Adyar in Chennai, India.
The first Executive Director of the Hospital was John Gass.
The process followed by Medtral adheres to the guidelines set out by the American Medical Association and American College of Surgeons for medical tourism.
The hospital has more than 9,000 employees, 400 physicians and 1,200 volunteers.
Mayo Medical Academy developed in partnership with NUI Galway and GMIT for training of doctors.
Amala Institute of Medical Sciences is a private medical college near Amalanagar, in Thrissur city, of Kerala state.
Anadolu Medical Center is a hospital in Gebze, Kocaeli, Turkey.
The family moved to Brown County, Nebraska and Boulder, Colorado, before settling in Pomona, California.
The health facility once employed 1,100 people.
The hospital is also considered a neurosurgery center of excellence, as well as an expert in organ transplantation, urology, neurology, orthopedics and pediatrics.
Geisinger is home to a level I trauma center and a regional heart, stroke, and neuroscience institute.
The hospital consists of three wings: East, West and South and a main tower block.
The Haikou City People's Hospital is located on Renmin Avenue, Haidian Island, Haikou City, Hainan Province, China.
From 540 patients at the hospitals in 1981 the number has been considerably reduced, with many ex-patients being moved into the community.
Lagoon Hospitals, is one of the largest healthcare companies in Nigeria.
North Devon District Hospital is an NHS district general hospital in the town of Barnstaple, North Devon, England run by Northern Devon Healthcare NHS Trust.
It would act as an important center for training professionals in treating ENT disorders.
Cape Breton Regional Hospital is also a teaching hospital for the Faculty of Medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
The hospital offers a wide range of health care services featuring state of the art technologies like Magnetic Resonance Imaging and Computed Tomography.
Leanchoil Hospital was built with funds donated from Lord Strathcona in 1892 to serve the population of his native Forres and the surrounding area.
The hospital is built on the site of the former Southern General Hospital and opened at the end of April 2015.
Credit Valley Hospital is a regional hospital located in Mississauga, Ontario.
It is named in honour of George Everett Chalmers and was modelled after the McMaster University Medical Centre in Hamilton, Ontario.
St Lucy's Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Tsolo, Eastern Cape in South Africa.
This ship was replaced by HMS Alligator in 1846, a sixth-rate frigate and HMS Melville, another third-rate sailing ship in 1857.
In addition, nursing and medical students, radiology technicians, pharmacists, physician assistants and chaplains train at the hospital.
It is situated near the famous San Hao Jie三好街.
The distinguishing feature of the institution is minimally invasive surgery.
It is no longer operated as a hospital, although some healthcare-related activities are still located on the grounds, which partially have been rebuilt as housing.
A Care Quality Commission inspection in 2014 found most standards were met however standards for record keeping and risk management were not met.
It was established in 1888 as the Asylum and Training School for the Feeble-Minded.
The site is surrounded by Wards Island Park, which is administered by the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation.
The hospital is equipped with a FAA LID: 9OR3 Heliport on its campus.
The hospital currently has 1357 beds with more than 1500 specialists.
The Norfolk center commenced operations in 1888 as the State Hospital for the Insane.
The hospital's roots date to 1848 when Wards Island was designated the reception area for immigrants.
A report by the Care Quality Commission published in March 2016 rated the hospices as Outstanding.
SNHMC has one of the largest physician networks in southern New Hampshire, with over 500 primary and specialty care providers.
The hospital is a tertiary referral centre which offers a variety of medical, surgical and mental health specialities.
Its original purpose was to treat and care for patients with infectious diseases such as diphtheria and scarlet fever.
Divisional Headquarters Teaching Hospital Mirpur also known as DHQ Teaching Hospital Mirpur is the largest hospital in Mirpur providing tertiary care facilities.
Kamuli General Hospital, also Kamuli District Hospital or Kamuli Government Hospitalis a hospital in Kamuli, in Kamuli District, in the Eastern Region of Uganda.
The charity has gone on to offer help to British veterans of the First World War and every subsequent war.
In 1948, the hospital joined the National Health Service as part of the Bangour Group.
Washington University School of Medicine also is ranked No.
After that, the old hospital was demolished.
It opened in 1997 as a joint venture between Chindex International, Inc. and the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences.
The hospital has more than 500 physicians on its active medical staff, and 2,000 health professionals and support personnel.
Located in Fairfax County, Virginia, Inova Fairfax Hospital is one of the largest employers in the County.
The hospital then expanded quickly, with 1996 a significant year as the hospital unveiled its larger new building, containing wards, physiotherapy and theatres.
Chapel Allerton Hospital is located in the area of Chapel Allerton, Leeds, West Yorkshire, England and is operated by the Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust.
The RGH is noted for its comprehensive urology department, and is becoming the leader in Canada for urological care.
USB provides services in all fields of medicine apart from pediatrics.
Established in 1945, the Prince Aly Khan Hospital is a 162-bed multispecialty acute care hospital in Mumbai.
· Rush–Copley Neuroscience Services provides specialized care to the greater Fox Valley area.
For other hospitals named "Princess Royal" see Princess Royal Hospital.
Frenchay Hospital was a large hospital situated in Frenchay, South Gloucestershire, on the north east outskirts of Bristol, England.
Incorporated in 1881 and opened in 1892, Methodist serves patients in Philadelphia and the surrounding communities.
At any given time, the staff at Craig treats approximately 55 inpatients with spinal cord injuries, 30 with traumatic brain injuries, and 50-60 outpatients.
Due to its culturally diversified location, many of Lutheran's staff members are bilingual/bicultura, speaking languages such as Spanish, Chinese, Arabic, and Russian.
Sutter Medical Center, Sacramento also includes Sutter Center for Psychiatry, providing psychiatric, mental health and chemical dependency services since 1958.
It is the main facility of Telemark Hospital Trust, part of the Southern and Eastern Norway Regional Health Authority.
Roswell Park Cancer Institute is a cancer research and treatment center in Buffalo, New York founded by Dr. Roswell Park.
It is the second largest hospital in numbers of hospital beds in the Center-West Region of the country.
It is managed by the Irish Government's Health Service Executive and provides acute-care hospital services for a population of approximately 90,000 in County Cork.
Recognized as an institution of public benefit, the American Hospital of Paris receives no government subsidies from either France or the United States.
Guangzhou Fuda Cancer Hospital remains at the forefront of cryosurgical ablation in treating cancer both in number of treatment and types of tumors.
SSM Health Cardinal Glennon Children’s Hospital is a non-for-profit 195-bed inpatient and outpatient pediatric medical center in the US city of St. Louis, Missouri.
Although the two NHS Trusts are completely separate from one another in the provision of services, they are often collectively referred to as Broadgreen.
Berkshire Medical Center is a private, non-profit 302-bed community teaching hospital in Pittsfield, Massachusetts affiliated with the University of Massachusetts Medical School.
The hospital underwent a major $31.5 million redevelopment between 2003 and 2007 allowing it to expand the range of specialist services available.
Portions of the facility are included in the Wisconsin Memorial Hospital Historic District, District #88002183.
In 2010, the hospital received its third redesignation of Magnet status.
In 2011, the Huffington Post named Howard the second best-dressed college in the nation.
It holds its prominence as one of the largest private hospitals in the Colombo suburban areas.
Our Lady of Lourdes Medical Center, a 410-bed teaching hospital which opened on July 1, 1950, is located at 1600 Haddon Avenue, in Camden, New Jersey.
Land for the new Tredegar Park Cottage Hospital, as it was then called, was donated by Lord Tredegar.
It had a total surface of 69,952 m2, and an additional 23,000 m2 were added in 1995.
It was built on the site of the former Mill Hill Isolation Hospital, which closed in 1971
St. Loman's Hospital is a psychiatric hospital located in Mullingar, Co. Westmeath, Ireland.
MU Children's Hospital has more than 100 doctors who provide care in more than 30 pediatric specialties including cardiology, cancer and surgical specialties.
Accident and Emergency was transferred on 19 May 2014.
Many specialists work here at nominal pay, which makes it even more attractive.
Conquest Hospital is a National Health Service hospital in St. Leonards-on-Sea near the borough of Hastings in East Sussex, England.
Hospital and Rehabilitation for Disabled Children, also known as Friend of Disabled which was started in 1985 with the support of Terre des Hommes of Switzerland.
Joint replacements of the knee, hip, shoulder and elbow
The surviving chapel building is now a masonic lodge and Grade II listed.
"The Framed Hospital" built in 1838 eventually became Victoria Hospital which today is one of the oldest and largest teaching hospitals in Canada.
As the years progressed, the hospital's name changed from Victory Hospital to North Memorial as it became a private hospital in 1954.
It is a 253 bedded multi-specialty tertiary care hospital providing medical, surgical, diagnostic and therapeutic services.
It is the primary teaching hospital for Northwestern University's Feinberg School of Medicine.
The Charles B. Wang Community Health Center, founded in 1971, is a nonprofit organization and Federally Qualified Health Center.
The hospital was named after Abramishvili in August 2013.
Founded in 1837 as City Hospital, The MetroHealth System serves the residents of the city of Cleveland and Cuyahoga County.
The hospital was opened by King Vajiravudh on 30 May 1914.
Eisenhower has three urgent cares conveniently located.
It is a teaching hospital and, as such, is used to train local medical students and nurses.
With 1,281 beds, the hospital was the first to establish a rehabilitation unit in Hong Kong.
Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston, Massachusetts is a teaching hospital of Harvard Medical School.
The Kanagawa Cancer Center is a comprehensive cancer center in Yokohama, Japan.
New Milford Hospital, is a not-for profit hospital in Litchfield County, Connecticut which serves western and northwestern Connecticut and parts of southeastern New York state.
At this point, the Trauma Unit is evolving having served 92 patients since inception.
Today, the hospital boasts nearly 1,750 beds and employs approximately 5,300 people, including over 750 doctors.
McLaren Flint is the flagship hospital and headquarters of the McLaren Health Care Corporation, which also includes several clinics and seven other hospitals.
Work started on the hospital in 1895 and it opened on June 13, 1900 by Princess Christian.
The medical center operates a family medicine residency program and hosts residents from RWJMS specializing in obstetrics/gynecology, psychiatry and other specialties.
Its catchment area is North West Dublin.
It is the only hospital in Georgia with a Cyberknife radiosurgery system.
Bombo Regional Hospital is the referral regional hospital in Tanga, Tanzania.
The hospital is a teaching hospital for medical students from Copenhagen University.
The pediatric inpatient services, imaging services and emergency room at IU Health North are affiliated with IU Health Riley Hospital for Children.
It is located at the corner of Loch Raven Boulevard and East Belvedere Avenue.
The Onderstepoort Veterinary Academic Hospital was established by the University of Pretoria and provides clinical veterinary services with full student participation.
The hospital operates two osteopathic residency programs, in internal medicine and family medicine.
Portiuncula Hospital is a public hospital located in Ballinasloe, County Galway, Ireland.
Centegra Hospital - Woodstock is a division of Centegra Health System.
Hornsey Cottage Hospital, later Hornsey Central Hospital, was a local hospital in Crouch End, North London, opened in 1910.
They also donate medications, supplies and staff time to overseas medical missions.
Rehabilitation wards on level 3 of the hospital were also redeveloped as part of the $32 million investment.
Beijing United Family was the first hospital in China to receive accreditation from the United States-based, nonprofit, Joint Commission International.
Started by Shri Krishnaraja Wodeyar, the then Maharaja of Mysore in 1901, the hospital soon rose to be among the prominent hospitals in South India.
The hospital is deeply rooted in the Anabaptist cause and it was once under the spiritual guidance of the United Church of Christ in the Philippines.
Surgimed Hospital is a private hospital located in Zafar Ali Road, Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.
Evangel Hospital in Hong Kong is a private hospital established in 1965.
The hospital mainly serves the masses who cannot afford to attend private hospitals in Yangon or go abroad for "medical tourism".
Uxbridge Cottage Hospital is a cottage hospital type of hospital in Uxbridge, Ontario.
The entry of Nawaloka Hospitals into the state dominated healthcare sector in 1985, saw the private health care system take root in Sri Lanka.
Hollywood Private Hospital is an acute care hospital located in Nedlands, Western Australia.
Queen Margaret Hospital is located in Dunfermline and one of two main hospitals in the kingdom of Fife.
Hospital Nacional is a private hospital in Panama City, Panama.
Gulf Coast Medical Center is a 349 bed hospital located in Fort Myers, Florida.
It even has an organ transplant program that offers lung, kidney, kidney-pancreas, liver, bone ,and cornea transplant.
In 2005 a cardiology center was opened at the hospital.
It has 445 beds, plus 69 in the attached Niswonger Children's Hospital.
Sandra Dodson is the chairman and Dr Ros Tolcher is the chief executive.
Parkview Health traces its roots back to Fort Wayne City Hospital, founded in 1878.
Jazz leader Chick Webb worked in the hospital as a youngster, and Mickey Mantle received treatment at the hospital.
Centegra Hospital - Woodstock is a hospital in Woodstock, Illinois.
In 1912, a 115-bed facility was constructed at 2365 4th Street.
The hospital has earned worldwide recognition in multiple specialties including cardiovascular surgery, cancer, epilepsy treatment and organ transplantation.
It provides all medical specialties including 24/7 cardiac intervention, aged care, Paediatrics, and all surgical specialities except cardio-thoracic surgery.
In 2016, St. Joseph received several million dollars in medical equipment in Radiology, Wound Care, OR and various other medical departments.
Manly Hospital provides medical services to the Northern Beaches area of Sydney, Australia.
This has now been incorporated into a 'Virtual Ward' setting within the University of Huddersfield's School of Human and Health Resources.
The decision was made to merge with Cone.
Guangzhou Fuda Cancer Hospital has locations in Tianhe District and one in Haizhu District.
The entrance to the emergency room known as ER-7 is accessible from Greenspring Avenue.
Marina Del Rey Hospital, originally known as Marina Mercy Hospital underwent construction in 1969 and became a part of Cedars-Sinai Medical Group in September 2015.
Being affiliated with Queen's University, it is a major centre for teaching and research.
Founded in 2001, Clifford Hospital in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China is the first hospital in China accredited by Joint Commission International.
The facility was originally known as Pitt Community Hospital and was located near downtown Greenville.
It has residential facilities for 107 patients.
It has now 600 in-patient beds, 24-hour Accident & Emergency service, specialist out-patient, day and community facilities.
The hospital provides a range of mental health services, including extended inpatient care, mental health research, education and a high security psychiatric unit.
It was once known as the Worcester Lunatic Asylum and the Bloomingdale Asylum.
The Bicêtre Hospital was originally planned as a military hospital, with construction begun in 1634.
There are approximately 3,300 employees, placing it among Salisbury’s largest employers.
Saint Francis, a regional referral center, has major clinical concentrations in cardiology, oncology, orthopedics, women's services and rehabilitation.
Nearby Eagle Ridge Manor provides 24-hour care in a home-like environment for an additional 75 residents in private and semi-private rooms.
It is classified as a Level II Adult & Pediatric Trauma Center.
89.7% of admissions were made via the accident and emergency department or 4,274 patients.
Construction was resumed in spring 2010 and was completed in 2014.
It closed on August 1, 2015 when all patients were moved to University Medical Center New Orleans.
Skien Hospital is a general hospital situated in Skien, Norway.
This problem, while bringing unwanted attention to the Punjab Institute of Cardiology, was not unique to that hospital system.
Recently there is a proposal to change the name of KGH as Karamchand Gandhi Hospital.
Dr. Finley always wanted to establish a medical school and a hospital.
For locals however, it still remains TB aaspatre.
The Bon Secours Hospital, Cork is a private hospital in Cork, Ireland.
Salem Hospital is a non-profit, regional medical center located in Salem, Oregon, United States.
The more than 1200 bedded hospital has most of the major and minor medical and surgical departments.
Services include cancer care, an intensive-care unit and respiratory care.
The hospital sorts under Region Hovedstaden since January 1, 2007.
Founded in 1954 by Paul David, it is currently affiliated with the Université de Montréal.
At present, the hospital has about 150 beds for patients and is managed by International Trauma and Care Centre.
The Moncton Hospital is also a teaching hospital for the Faculty of Medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Mayo University Hospital is a hospital situated in Castlebar, County Mayo, Ireland, serving County Mayo.
The New York City Asylum for the Insane opened in 1863.
The verandahs and shacks provided easy access to this.
It houses the National Ophthalmic Pathology Laboratory and Registry of Ireland.
The NHS hospital was closed in 2008.
It is located on Passeig Sant Joan de Déu in Esplugues de Llobregat, a municipality bordering Barcelona, Catalonia.
The East Yangon General Hospital is a public general hospital located in Botataung township, Yangon, Myanmar.
The RX Pinoy website says Tagaytay Hospital is preparing to become involved with international medical tourism.
The hospital is now operated and managed by University Hospitals of North Midlands NHS Trust and provides a wide range of medical and surgical services.
St. Charles medical center [SCMC-B] is owned and operated by St. Charles Health System, Inc., a private, not-for-profit Oregon corporation.
It is located in Thingangyun Township, which about 10 km far from downtown Yangon.
The Bolton NHS Foundation Trust is based in the town of Farnworth, near Bolton, in Greater Manchester.
Craig Hospital is a Rehabilitation Hospital in Englewood, Colorado specializing in Spinal cord injury and Traumatic Brain Injury rehabilitation.
Not affiliated with St. Jude Children's Research Hospital in Memphis, Tennessee
Dennis Barry led the hospital through changes that made it more competitive.
There is also an Intensive Care Unit, a surgery room and nurses' station.
The Walton Centre is the only specialist neurosciences NHS trust in the country, dedicated to providing comprehensive neurological, neurosurgical and pain management services.
It is affiliated with the University of Otago and has the Wellington School of Medicine and Health Sciences situated adjacent to the hospital.
It is part of the Saolta University Hospital Group, within the HSE.
On 1 July 2010 it became part of the newly formed 'Sydney Children's Hospital Network incorporating the Royal Alexandra Hospital for Children'.
Allegheny General Hospital is a large urban hospital located at 320 East North Avenue in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.
It was built in 1935, at a cost of ₹4lakhs.
It is also the pediatric teaching hospital for The Ohio State University College of Medicine.
It is also the first hospital in Sri Lanka to introduce Intensive Care Units, Coronary Care Units, Laparoscopic Surgery and Thoracic Surgery.
The hospital is mostly known for its cardiology and neurology services.
As of 2010 it had 59 beds.
As of 2010 it had 1,228 beds.
The Oaks, Residential Treatment Center: a 16-bed inpatient residential treatment unit.
The hospital opened its doors in October 2007.
The Human Rights Watch concluded that attack on the hospital, which was "clearly marked with a red cross", was a "serious violation of international humanitarian law".
Many of the Consultants from the Western Isles Hospital, and some from mainland Health Boards, visit the Uist and Barra Hospital to provide outpatient services.
It is situated on the site of the University Hospital of Wales in the Heath area of the city.
Almost certainly it served as a traveler's inn and as a hospice for elderly and "poor" men.
Yokohama City University Medical Center is a general hospital located in Minami-ku, Yokohama, Japan.
The Hospital of St John the Baptist was a hospital in High Wycombe in Buckinghamshire, England between 1180 and 1548.
Its location is approximately 30 kilometres, by road, northeast of the village of Buhera, where the district headquarters are located.
It is one of three hospital campuses part of Cambridge Health Alliance.
The hospital is located on East Yinghuayuan Street, Chaoyang District, Beijing.
It is part of the Centre hospitalier universitaire de Québec, a network of three teaching hospitals and several specialized institutions.
Virginia Mason Hospital is a 336-bed teaching hospital in Seattle, Washington, part of the Virginia Mason Medical Center.
Mount Sinai Hospital is the first hospital in Canada to receive Magnet® status for nursing excellence and patient care.
St Barnabas Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital for the Nyandeni Local Municipality area in Libode, Eastern Cape in South Africa.
The hospital is accredited by The Australian Council on Healthcare standards from 2012.
At the time it was one of only three acute trusts in the country to receive the health watchdog’s highest rating.
Since 1910, Carrier has offered a wide array of specialized services to care for individuals suffering from psychiatric and addictive illness.
It also treats younger veterans for operational stress injuries and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder.
North Memorial Medical Center, In 1939, Dr. Samuel Samuelson started Victory Hospital on property that he already owned in Robbinsdale.
The hospital is accredited with the "National Integrated Accreditation for Healthcare Organizations", DNV Healthcare’s hospital accreditation program.
The University of Kansas Hospital is a nonprofit, academic medical center located in Kansas City, Kansas, United States.
Later known as Willsmere, the complex of buildings were constructed between 1864 and 1872 to the design of architects G.W.
It is divided into 10 communes and it is the political, economic, administrative, industrial, cultural and tourism hub of the Norte de Santander department.
Summa Akron City Hospital is a Level 1 Trauma Center, a Certified Chest Pain Center and a Certified Stroke Center.
In 1976, the hospital moved to its present premises on the southern edge of the city at the end of Hills Road.
It is also the teaching hospital affiliated with Jordan University of Science and Technology, located within the campus adjacent to the university's Medical Faculties Complex.
At the time, it was not difficult to sign in a patient, but harder for one to leave the hospital.
Musgrove Park Hospital is a large NHS hospital located in Taunton, Somerset, England, run by Taunton and Somerset NHS Foundation Trust.
The 210 million dollar addition offers additional Oncology, Neonatal, Transplant and ICU and Radiological Imagining space.
Located at the east of Castle Peak in Tuen Mun, the hospital was established in 1961.
Plans to demolish it and to erect a new Cyprus Museum have been criticized by the Cyprus Architects Association, that has also championed its preservation.
The East Riding Medical Education Centre and part of the Hull York Medical School are located within the grounds of Hull Royal Infirmary.
The hospital is one of the few gamma knife treatment centers in Europe.
It was later converted for use as a tuberculosis hospital and as a mental home, and eventually used for rehabilitative services and care of the elderly.
St. Patrick Hospital, is a health care facility in Missoula, Montana.
Driscoll Children's Hospital also operates the only asthma camp in south Texas, Camp Easy Breathers.
The General Lying-In Hospital was re-established at its former Lambeth premises in 1946 after the end of the war.
The hospital also offers several residency programmes.
The heart of the medical center campus is Loyola University Hospital.
St. Luke's University Health Network comprises seven hospitals:
It is located in Griffithstown, a suburb of Pontypool.
Allegiance Health operates CareLink of Jackson to provide long-term acute care.
Sober Living Residences: 4 condo, 30-bed residences
In 2004, Mercy was designated as a Magnet hospital, a national award for nursing.
University Hospital Kerry in Tralee is the third-largest of seven acute hospitals in the Health Service Executive South Region.
Built in 1907, it has expanded from a basic 14-bed facility into a 789-bed NHS foundation trust hospital.
In 1970, the hospital was rededicated as a memorial to veterans of all wars.
Parippally ESIC Medical College is a 500 bedded medical college with a total built-up area of 12,029 sqmtr.
The MGH has been affiliated with McGill since 1832 and was one of the very first teaching hospitals.
It was once used as a Combined Military Hospital.
The hospital is located in the village of Kuluva, a suburb of the town of Arua, in Arua District, West Nile sub-region, in Northern Uganda.
The hospital tower block, listed in 1960, is 57 metres high, has 15 floors and is Odense's tallest building.
Johns Hopkins Aramco Healthcare is the result of a first-of-its-kind health care joint venture between Saudi Aramco and Johns Hopkins Medicine.
Funded by the Hong Kong Government, construction of the HK$13 billion hospital began in August 2013 and is due to be completed in 2017.
The facility is home to the Legacy Oregon Burn Center, Randall Children's Hospital, the Life Flight Network and is a Level I trauma center.
Receiving’s emergency department treats more than 105,000 patients annually, and nearly 60% of Michigan’s emergency physicians are trained at Receiving.
Advocate Good Samaritan Hospital is a part of Advocate Health Care.
It has a family birthing center and provides home-care and hospice services.
It has a walkway to the emergency department.
The Cambridge Hospital campus is a community teaching hospital located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States.
Metropolitan State Hospital is determined to help their issued patients.
The hospital provides Accident and Emergency facilities, alongside an Urgent Care Centre, which replaced the former NHS Walk-In Centre.
Cyprus escaped the fighting, apart from the occasional German bombing raid.
In October 2012, the new one-site hospital was renamed "Health Sciences North" as it evolved into an academic research centre, as well as a hospital.
Founded in 1958, architect William Pereira designed the original building.
2- Specialized and general internal medicine section:
In addition to the main campus in Grand Rapids, Pine Rest also has just under 20 outpatient locations throughout Michigan and two in Iowa.
Orlando Health is Central Florida’s fifth largest employer with nearly 14,000 employees and more than 2,000 affiliated physicians.
Froedtert was the first hospital in Wisconsin and was the second academic hospital in the U.S. to be primary stroke center certified by the Joint Commission.
Jaslok Hospital is located at Dr. G. Deshmukh Marg., Peddar Road, South Mumbai, overlooking the Arabian Sea.
This location is approximately 15 kilometres, by road, north of Masaka, the nearest large city.
It has also been awarded the title of being in top ten hospitals in northwest China.
MUSC Health Medical Center is a Level I Trauma Center and is the regional referral center for the Lowcountry of South Carolina.
The hospital is considered a "pioneer" in Iran and has high standards in technology in the region.
Baylor College of Medicine Teen Health Clinic, commonly referred to as Baylor Teen Health Clinic, is a network of nine clinics located in Houston, Texas.
The Lakeshore General Hospital is a Canadian acute care institution located in Pointe-Claire, Quebec, a suburban municipality near Montreal.
Government Institute of Rehabilitation Medicine is a state-owned hospital situated in K. K. Nagar in Chennai, India.
Navicent Health, formerly The Medical Center of Central Georgia is a 637-bed hospital located in Macon, Georgia.
With ISO 9001:2008 status and 105-beds the hospital aims to bring quality healthcare to the public sector.
Mary Bird Perkins Cancer Center is active in the treatment and early detection of cancer.
San Joaquin General Hospital is also a primary stroke center and the county's EMS base station.
Some help the hospital directly, such as the PGH Medical Foundation and the Fr.
It is a level II trauma center with 437 beds and the second largest obstetrical care center in the state of Washington.
Integris Health Edmond is the only Oklahoma-owned, not-for-profit hospital in Edmond and accredited through the Joint Commission.
Saint Thomas West Hospital has earned several distinctions from HealthGrades, a third-party organization that evaluates hospitals and physicians.
The PLC has a 24 hours emergency department, an intensive care unit, Level IV trauma centre and offers ambulatory care.
It is located to the east of the M1 motorway and to the south of the M50.
It was founded to lead and organize specialised ophthalmological services with special emphasis on research and education.
The Adorers of Wichita sponsored the hospital from 1937 to 1995, which was the longest in their history.
The Jubilee is now a busy 37 bed community hospital, comprising 12 old-age psychiatry beds, 25 General practitioner acute and some used as surgical beds.
The Royal Victoria Hospital is a hospital in Belfast, Northern Ireland.
GDH is part of the Central Coast Local Health District which is a division of New South Wales Department of Health.
Trinity Hospital, is a private Roman Catholic tertiary care facility located in Augusta, Georgia.
This facility is a non-profit teaching hospital founded by the Sisters of Providence in 1887.
Laniado also treated wounded soldiers from the First and Second Lebanon War.
The Hôpital universitaire Pitié-Salpêtrière is a celebrated teaching hospital in the 13th arrondissement of Paris.
Athabasca Healthcare Centre is a medical facility located in Athabasca, Alberta.
It is affiliated with the Hadassah Medical Center and the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
The founder was Henry of Blois, Bishop of Winchester, grandson of William the Conqueror and younger brother to King Stephen of England.
According to LCM Health Care, it "is the oldest private hospital in South Australia."
Dorset County Hospital NHS Foundation Trust runs Dorset County Hospital, an NHS district general hospital in the town of Dorchester, Dorset, England.
MedStar Good Samaritan Hospital is a hospital in Baltimore.
Its academic partner is the University of Dublin, Trinity College.
It contains specialised psychiatric services but also cares for people with intellectual disability and people undergoing physical rehabilitation.
Dayton Children's Hospital is currently the only pediatric hospital in the Dayton region.
In a given year, OLOLRMC treats approximately 25,000 patients in the hospital, and services about 350,000 persons through outpatient locations.
In 1961, the facility was renamed as the Rosewood State Hospital.
Ugie Hospital is a small hospital in Peterhead, Scotland, providing psychogeriatric services.
Perth Royal Infirmary is a district hospital in Perth.
The largest is the Bishop Orris G. Walker, Jr. Healthcare Center, located at 528 Prospect Place and serving Prospect Heights and Crown Heights.
The General Manager is Sean Murphy, the Director of Nursing is Dr. Anne Flood and the Clinical Director is Dr. Paul O'Connor.
Nam Long Hospital was a hospital in Hong Kong specializing in cancer treatment that closed in 2003.
Saint Thomas Health is part of Ascension Health, the largest Catholic health care system in the United States.
It is located in Notre-Dame-de-Grâce, Montreal, Quebec, at 1003 Decarie Boulevard.
It was built by charitable Ahmad Ismail Nanakaly and opened on 16 May 2004
It serves patients from the local area as well providing specialist services to patients from across NHS Highland area.
Houston Orthopedic and Spine Hospital is the number one rated hospital in Houston for surgery according to Consumer Reports.
Throughout its history, the hospital has been through numerous remodeling and construction projects and several name changes.
From 1948 it was run by the Birkenhead Hospital Management Committee, and after 1974 by the Wirral Area Health Authority.
The historic 1932 Modernist building was converted and rehabilitated for housing, and opened in 2010 as the Presidio Landmark apartments.
Lake Wales Medical Center is a hospital in Lake Wales, Florida.
Kikuchi Keifuen Sanatorium or National Sanatorium Kikuchi　Keifuen is a sanatorium for leprosy patients or ex-leprosy patients at Kohshi-shi, Kumamoto-ken, Japan founded in 1909.
Most of its funding comes from Quebec taxpayers through the Ministry of Health and Social Services.
Little Company of Mary Hospital is a hospital in San Pedro, California, USA.
St. Joseph's Regional Medical Center is a member of St. Joseph's Healthcare System.
NeuRx DPS™, an FDA-approved device that helps individuals with certain types of spinal cord injuries breathe on their own again
The hospital is run by the Syro-Malabar Catholic Archeparchy of Kottayam and is registered as a charitable organisation.
From 1998 to 2015, this hospital was owned by the for-profit Tenet Healthcare Corporation.
It is known for neurosurgery and was one of the first centres in Canada to use the gamma knife.
Carroll Hospital is a nonprofit hospital located in Westminster, Maryland, United States.
The hospital also has emergency services and has current plans for the construction of a Doctor's Hostel on its free land.
In 2014, LLUMC was ranked the 14th best hospital in California by the U.S. News & World Report.
Palmetto Richland hospital was originally established in 1892 as Columbia Hospital and was one of the first hospitals in the city.
This hospital's research activities include studies into strokes, cognitive neuroscience, movement disorders, epilepsy, neuromuscular, developmental disorders of the brain, Wilson's disease, electrophysiology, botulinium toxin, and neurogenetics.
B & B Hospital is a private hospital with the goal to provide health services to the community of Nepal founded in 1997.
It is one of two acute-care hospitals on southern Vancouver Island, along with the Royal Jubilee Hospital.
The Bangkok Christian Hospital is one of the oldest general hospitals in Bangkok, Thailand.
Saint Joseph Hospital is 468 bed medical center located 2 miles southwest of Downtown Lexington, Kentucky, United States.
Highlands Regional Medical Center, serving Highlands County, Florida, is located at 3600 South Highlands Avenue, Sebring, Florida 33870.
It also includes the Johnston R. Bowman Health Center.
The hospital has also been accredited by international institutions such as Royal College of Surgeons for imparting training in PG courses.
The hospital is owned and operated by MultiCare Health System, a Tacoma-based not-for-profit integrated health organization.
Via Christi Hospital is a 188-bed hospital located in Pittsburg, Kansas and operated by Via Christi Health.
The River Ely flows through the hospital grounds.
The General Lying-In Hospital was one of the first general maternity hospitals in Great Britain.
The hospital merged in December 1995 with two other teaching hospitals to form Centre hospitalier universitaire de Québec:
Misercordia Health Centre is a hospital that was founded in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada by the Misericordia Sisters in 1898.
Bartlett Regional Hospital is a hospital serving Juneau, Alaska, the capital city of Alaska and the largest city in Southeast Alaska.
The hospital is managed by Frimley Health NHS Foundation Trust, one of the top performing NHS trusts in the United Kingdom.
Receiving also features the state’s largest burn center, Michigan’s first hospital-based 24/7 hyperbaric oxygen therapy program, and Metro Detroit’s first certified primary stroke center.
It is a charitable organization which exists to meet the health needs of individuals within the communities it serves.
Owned by the Roman Catholic Bon Secours Sisters, it offers healthcare to privately insured patients.
Markham Stouffville Hospital is an acute care and community hospital serving south-east York Region.
Chorley & South Ribble Hospital NHS Trust was established in 1992 but merged with Preston in 2002.
This was clearly evident in 1979 when admissions dropped from 2,142 to 1,701 in the first six months.
Opened in 1929, the hospital is located in So Kon Po, Causeway Bay and became a public hospital in 1991.
It was named after Lord Charles Somerset the governor of the Cape Colony who gave land for the construction.
A brick building was converted into a ward to house 30 male patients.
Services including a specially designed senior services including a Senior ER and an Acute Care for the Elderly Unit.
Swedish Covenant Hospital is an independent, nonprofit teaching hospital located on the north side of Chicago, Illinois.
After its closure, it was redeveloped into the United States Army Intelligence School.
Maury Regional Health is the largest health care provider between Nashville, Tennessee and Huntsville, Alabama, with approximately 3,000 employees throughout the system.
Evelina London Children's Hospital is a specialist NHS hospital in London.
Florida Hospital Heartland Medical Center is located in Highlands County, Florida.
Sinai-Grace also operates more than 25 outpatient care sites and ambulatory surgery centers throughout Wayne and Oakland Counties.
Has a Level III Trauma Center and a Level III NICU, as well as a wide-array of medical services.
Not to be confused with the electoral ward of St Cadocs/Penygarn.
Helen Newberry Joy Hospital is a Critical Access Hospital and a member of the Michigan Health & Hospital Association.
The hospital now stands as the largest cancer centre in Canada  and one of the five largest cancer centres in the world.
Shushrusha is a Hospital Co-operative initiative; Doctors' Co-operatives are long standing; the contribution of Mission, Voluntary, Government and Private Hospitals, is well recognised.
Founded in 1877, it is Lexington's oldest still existing hospital.
For more than 40 years it offers a private health insurance to its members called "British Hospital Scheme".
Saint Louis University Hospital is a hospital in St. Louis.
The hospital was opened in 2001 as a joint venture between the Lutheran Health Network and more than 260 area physicians.
Greenwich Hospital is licensed as an acute care facility by the Connecticut Department of Public Health & Addiction Services.
The building was significantly enlarged in 1871, and a Kirkbride Plan style building was built.
Guangzhou Fuda Cancer Hospital is a tertiary specialized cancer hospital which is affiliated with the Health Department of Guangdong Province in China.
The hospital contains 24 acute care beds and 1 labour and delivery suite.
In 2012/13 Imperial College Healthcare had a turnover of £971.3 million, employed approximately 9,770 people and treated almost 1.2 million patients.
There is also a Medical Physics department, responsible for maintaining the wide variety of medical equipment, in use, throughout NHS Shetland.
William Beaumont Army Medical Center is a Department of Defense medical facility located in El Paso, Texas.
Maud Hospital was a small hospital in Maud, Aberdeenshire, providing psychogeriatric services.
The Rosewood Center was an institution for people with developmental disabilities located on Rosewood Lane in Owings Mills, Maryland.
Milton District Hospital is a community hospital built on 30 acres of land, located in Milton, Ontario, Canada.
It was founded by the Ball Brothers, hence the name, Ball Memorial Hospital.
Hospital México is a hospital located in the western part of San José in Costa Rica.
It was named after the consort of Sultan Salahuddin, Tengku Ampuan Rahimah.
The hospital operates three family medicine rural health clinics in Thompson Falls, Plains and Hot Springs.
This hospital was set up in the early 1960s at Saifabad before moving to its present location, Erragadda.
The building provided a range of services for adults and older people with mental health problems and learning disabilities.
The University of Port Harcourt Teaching Hospital is on East West Road, Port Harcourt, Nigeria.
Mercy Hospital of Defiance is a hospital in Defiance, Ohio and is part of Mercy Health Partners.
La Rabida serves approximately 9,000 children annually who require primary and specialty care to address complex and challenging medical conditions.
The hospital was incorporated in 1960, and as of 2003 has 554 beds and 78 bassinets.
In addition, cranial trauma was the leading cause of mortality from the emergency department.
UNMH is the state's sole source of 13 pediatric sub-specialties; is the state's sole stroke center as designated by the Joint Commission.
The hospital is named for Medal of Honor recipient and Texas native son Audie Murphy, who died in a plane crash on May 28, 1971.
Furthermore, it is responsible for the provision of an integrated community health program and in the promotion of scientific excellence through research activities.
The medical center campus is located in Maywood, 13 miles west of the Chicago Loop and 8 miles east of Oak Brook.
It is a Public Voluntary Hospital, known affectionately by generations of Dubliners as the Eye and Ear.
NGH is the Department of Clinical Medicine of the Medical School, Nanjing University.
The hospital serves a diverse population from a wide range of ethnic backgrounds.
In 2009/10 it had an annual budget in excess of £687m of public sector funding and employed approximately 12,000 staff.
While at that location, and operating under the name Riverside General Hospital University Medical Center, two nationally followed patient stories developed.
The decision for erecting a purpose built general hospital in Nicosia was taken during the British colonial administration of Cyprus in 1936.
The tents were set up adjacent to the hospital.
On January, 7th 2016, Toby Tanser and Dr. Wilson Aruasa laid the foundation stone for the 'Eat & Run' kitchen.
It was placed on the market on January 1998.
It is licensed for 423 acute care beds and is affiliated with Sutter Health, a not-for-profit association of medical service providers.
The same year the SISTERS OF MERCY and the Sisters of St. Francis announced the merger of Xavier and Mercy Hospital.
A large extension was built in the early 1990s to accommodate the ever-increasing population of the town.
The hospital opened in 1988 with 500 beds, and today contains over 600 beds.
Duplin General Hospital is a hospital located in Kenansville, North Carolina.
Mount Sinai is an independently operated facility, although it is linked by bridges and tunnels to three other hospitals of the University Health Network.
It is part of Buckinghamshire Healthcare NHS Trust.
In 2008, the hospital served 44,645 out-patients, and 10,951 in-patients, with an average stay of 3.8 nights.
The hospital is sponsored by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Providence.
Both the university and the hospital are autonomous entities of the Flemish Government.
It used to be a Provincially Aided Hospital.
The Upper Shore Community Mental Health Center was closed in March 2010.
It is home to the Saskatchewan Transplant Program.
The hospital has participated through joint consultation for designated diseases under protocols which developed by both Chinese Medicine and Western Medicine practitioners.
After changing hands and names several times the main hospital building was closed in 1998 and abandoned for several years.
Neville Fernando Hospital established in 2013 is a hi-tech multi speciality tertiary care teaching hospital.
Mitie has been providing domestic cleaning services, waste collection, pest control and external window cleaning at the hospital since 2009.
Of these, 71% were male, with a mean age of 29 years.
It has 938 staff, among which there are 812 professionals and 48 technicians.
It is equipped with a helipad for medical evacuations.
It is located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The hospital places a large emphasis on innovation, and is the second-largest employer in the St. Joseph County, Indiana area.
In June 2006 the Seacroft Specialist Rehabilitation Centre opened there.
Originally located at King's Cross, it began as an independent and voluntary hospital.
It occupies the site of the historic manor house of Raleigh, in the former parish of Pilton, seat of the locally influential Chichester family.
The costs are also lower compared to other private hospitals in the region.
Fawcett Memorial Hospital is a 238 bed for profit acute-care hospital at 21298 Olean Boulevard in Port Charlotte, Florida.
It opened in 1995 replacing the historic 1942 Richmond Field Hospital that serviced Liberty shipyard workers and thus gave birth to the HMO.
The hospital is a teaching hospital of the Western Sydney University's Blacktown-Mount Druitt Clinical School and University of Sydney's Western Clinical School.
On 1 October 2013 the hospital merged with Lewisham Healthcare NHS Trust to form Lewisham and Greenwich NHS Trust.
The Medical Center is the anchor facility for AnMed Health, South Carolina's largest independent, not-for-profit health system.
MedStar Washington Hospital Center is the largest private hospital in Washington, D.C. A member of MedStar Health, the not-for-profit Hospital Center is licensed for 926 beds.
Following this there were calls to work more closely with the Lorn and Islands Hospital in Oban.
Brookdale is one of Brooklyn's largest voluntary nonprofit teaching hospitals and a regional tertiary care center.
It is located on Min Ye Kyaw Swar Road in Lanmadaw Township and 20-minute walk from Yangon General Hospital.
The Freeman was built in 1977, when services from several hospitals across the city were relocated into one centre.
Bristol Children's Hospital is the only paediatric major trauma centre in South West England.
It has no accident and emergency department.
The largest public hospital in the region, it serves a population around 2,5 million people.
SMMC has all private acute care rooms for patients.
The official name of the hospital is Pasadena Hospital DBA Huntington Memorial Hospital, known locally as HMH, Huntington Memorial or Huntington Hospital.
The hospital is sometimes called Kantalai Base Hospital.
News reports characterized the acquisition as part of a consolidation trend in the United States healthcare sector among hospitals and health insurance companies.
In 2010, two brand new buildings opened: Starkey Tower and the Medical Arts Building.
It was tied directly to the Medical College Building and in proximity to the Nursing Residence and the Hospital Laundry Building.
In addition to the approximately 3,500 San Francisco municipal employees, the University of California at San Francisco provides approximately 1,500 employees.
It was established in 1985 and consists of all types of departments for health and care.
At present, WBAMC is the closest hospital to the Northeast, and provides billable emergency room services for Northeast El Paso.
Cottage Grove Community Hospital was founded by PeaceHealth after the existing community hospital declared bankruptcy.
The Skywalk was destroyed in 2014 to make room for the Children's Hospital of Saskatchewan.
The hospital is currently celebrating its 50th year in operation.
The hospital provides free or low-cost healthcare especially in the area of Ayurvedic women's health.
It is the largest hospital in New South Wales and one of the leading trauma centres in Australia.
Greenwich Hospital in Greenwich, Connecticut, is a community hospital serving people in lower Fairfield County and lower Westchester County New York.
The hospital focuses on both Chinese and Western medicine, and is associated with the foundation.
O'Connor Hospital was built by Judge Myles P. O'Connor and his wife, Amanda.
Cheddikulam Hospital is a government hospital in Cheddikulam, Sri Lanka.
The hospital is a member of the Saint Peter's Healthcare System, Inc., a New Jersey nonprofit corporation sponsored by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Metuchen.
In 1948, the hospital was rebuilt from the ground up by Dr. Kaoru Shima.
With over 9,000 inpatient admissions every year, the 186-bed specialty centre for cardiovascular disease in Singapore offers treatments from preventive to rehabilitative cardiac services.
These stem from the local community, the individuals hospitalised at Willow Court, their families and friends, the workers and professionals employed throughout its history
The hospital's name originates from a poem entitled "Song of the Church Bell" by German poet and philosopher Friedrich Schiller.
This followed police concerns over the number of patients absconding while on leave from the hospital.
The Royal Columbian Hospital is the oldest hospital in the Canadian province of British Columbia and one of the busiest in the Fraser Health Authority.
St Luke's Hospital is a general NHS hospital in Bradford, West Yorkshire, England.
The Hospital also includes Bungarribee House, a psychiatric unit that, along with Cumberland Hospital provides mental health services to western Sydney.
Established by the Sisters of St. Joseph of Orange in 1957, the 320-bed acute-care medical center has earned a reputation for clinic excellence and award-winning care.
The hospital also offers 24-hour emergency care and psychiatric inpatient services.
It offers a range of specialities including oncology, haematology, bone marrow transplant, burns, genetics and orthopaedics.
The hospital began a major new-build in 2013.
The current director is Hendriani Selina, M.D..
It still resides on the bank of the Île de la Cité, next to Notre-Dame, connected to the "Rive Gauche" by the pont au Double.
It is also the center of reference in quaternary gamma knife radiosurgery for Quebec and Eastern Canada.
It is composed of many buildings, most of which are joined together by long corridors.
NMC is fully accredited by the American College of Surgeons as a comprehensive bariatric surgery center.
Athens Regional Medical Center became Piedmont Athens Regional when it joined Piedmont Healthcare in late 2016.
Services include a level IV trauma center.
The hospital is part of the Tees, Esk and Wear Valleys NHS Trust which also manages Roseberry Park Hospital, Middlesbrough and Lanchester Road Hospital, Durham.
It is run by the University Hospitals of North Midlands NHS Trust.
St. Michael's Hospital is a National Health Service psychiatric hospital situated in Warwick, Warwickshire, England run by Coventry and Warwickshire Partnership NHS Trust.
The blood bank is accredited by the American Association of Blood Banks.
Nationwide Children’s Hospital is a primary pediatric hospital in Columbus, Ohio, with more than 1,280 medical staff members and over 10,000 total employees.
It also functions as a chest injury and trauma care referral hospital.
The hospital was completed in 1972, as a replacement of the old hospital in the city.
In 2015, Brenner Children’s Hospital was ranked by U.S. News & World Report as one of America’s best children’s hospitals.
It is also a teaching hospital for numerous institutions, including the adjacent East Tennessee State University James H. Quillen College of Medicine.
The hospital is situated on Goldsmith Street, approximately 1 km from the Central Business District.
St. Luke's Hospital is a Massachusetts hospital located at 101 Page Street in New Bedford, Massachusetts.
The hospital is in the town of Kiwoko, in Nakaseke District.
It was named one of the top one hundred hospitals in the United States in 2005.
The Hospital provides general medical services, specialist clinics and high-tech diagnostic services.
Arroyo Grande Community Hospital is a hospital in Arroyo Grande, California, United States.
It is controlled by the provincial government in Jaffna.
York Hospital is a National Health Service teaching hospital in York, England.
It is the mental health national referral hospital for the entire country's estimated population of 36 million in 2014.
Hospital for Special Surgery is a hospital in New York City that specializes in orthopedic surgery and the treatment of rheumatologic conditions.
Today, WCH is a world leader in the health of women and Canada’s leading, academic ambulatory hospital.
The current campus continues to sit at the very same spot where the original hospital was constructed in the 19th century.
It is owned by Tenet Healthcare Corporation.
Baptist Hospital of Miami is a non-profit hospital located in Miami, Florida, United States, operated by Emergency Room Paramedics Baptist Health South Florida.
Barnes-Jewish Hospital is the largest hospital in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Mott, replaced the University Hospital's pediatric wards in 1969.
Recognized nationally and internationally as a model program, Natividad’s Family Medicine Residency Program is postgraduate training for physicians specializing in family medicine.
However, the hospital was formally opened on 29 March 1988.
In 2006, the Buda Health Center earned 1.7 billion Hungarian Forints mainly from international patients while in 2011, the earnings reached 3 billion.
The South London Critical Care Network reviewed the hospital in February 2017 and found a complete lack of medical leadership.
There are two neonatal intensive care units accommodating 30 infants at a time.
It gets more than 35,000 inpatient admissions and 165,000 outpatient visits each year.
The Wellington Hospital in St John's Wood, North London is the largest independent hospital in the United Kingdom, and part of HCA International hospital group.
Tripoli's second-largest hospital, it is located downtown and occupies a big complete block between Zawia Street and Saidi Street.
The Meilahti Tower Hospital, part of the Helsinki University Central Hospital, is the largest hospital in Finland, located in the Meilahti district of Helsinki.
The hospital is affiliated with UnityPoint Health.
Montreal Children's Hospital is a children's hospital in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
The hospital opened on 21 March 2017.
The building was designed by Gehrdt Bornebusch in collaboration with Max Brüel and Jørgen Selchau.
The general area of the hospital is about 200,000 square metres and the Central Block is about 125,000 square metres.
It is part of the Spanish Ministry of Defence.
There are locations in Lower Manhattan and Flushing, Queens, all which are opened 7 days a week.
It is run by NHS Ayrshire and Arran providing services to the North Ayrshire and East Ayrshire areas, including the Isle of Arran.
The Health Sciences Centre is a tertiary care hospital, encompassing many different specialty medical and surgical services.
In 2011 SVMC was named a top 100 Rural Hospital, as well as a 5 star Medicare rated Care Center.
It is known for performing the most heart transplants in Europe.
Yuma Regional Medical Center is the only hospital serving the Yuma, Arizona, area.
The hospital was established in 1906 by the Sisters of Mercy and is the first Catholic hospital ever built in North Carolina.
The hospital specialises in cardiology, oncology, and neuroscience, among other tertiary services.
The University of Utah Hospital is a research and teaching hospital on the campus of the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, Utah.
YGH like all other civilian hospitals in Myanmar lacks many of the basic facilities and equipment.
It has been considered by historians and writers to be a particularly fine example of English domestic architecture of the period.
The hospital was built on the Greenfields site adjacent to Griffith University Gold Coast campus at a cost of $1.8 billion.
Milford Hospital is a not-for-profit acute-care general medical and surgical community hospital located in Milford, Connecticut.
The Cardiac Assessment Unit includes echocardiographic, exercise ECG and holter monitoring facilities.
In October 2010, Mount Sinai Hospital was named one of Greater Toronto's Top Employers by Mediacorp Canada Inc.
Máxima Medisch Centrum is a teaching hospital in the Netherlands, on two locations, in Veldhoven and Eindhoven.
It is managed and governed by the Mizoram Presbyterian Church Synod.
There are integrated Breast Centre and Dr Stephen Chow Chun-kay Assisted Reproduction Centre to serve patients with needs.
It was the last independent hospital in the Toledo area before joining the ProMedica Health System in 2010.
The construction of the 150-bed hospital begun on December 2008 and was opened on 24 January 2011.
The hospital is located in Springfield, in the U.S. state of Oregon.
1 in 120 adult Torontonians is HIV-positive.
As of 2016, the hospital employs a staff of 7,255 and provides care for 250,000 patients each year.
In 1962-1963, the hospital moved to Myenigon with the capacity of 80 beds.
The new spinal unit with 25 patient's beds established with help of Handicap International was opened in May, 2008.
The Belfast Trust provides a wide range of services including acute In-patient, A&E, Day Procedures, Mental Illness and Maternity.
The Vall d'Hebron University Hospital is a public health and university center that belongs to the Catalan Health Institute.
In addition, on Oct. 9, 2014, BCH consolidated the majority of inpatient acute care services at Foothills Hospital.
Founded in 1956 together with the university, the hospital is a college of clinical medicine affiliated with XMU.
The Markey Cancer Center is located in Lexington, Kentucky and is working towards the prevention, treatment, and cure of cancer.
Alberta Health Services is responsible for the operations of the hospital.
Beijing United Family was the first foreign-invested hospital to operate in China.
St. Teresa's Hospital is a private hospital in Hong Kong.
It is also the Tertiary Care Teaching Hospital of University of Medicine 1, Yangon, the Yangon Institute of Nursing, and the University of Paramedical Science, Yangon.
Bryn Mawr Hospital is not to be confused with Brynn Marr Hospital, a 100-bed psychiatric hospital in Jacksonville, North Carolina.
King George Hospital is a Government General Hospital located in Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh, India.
The hospital often attends to the health care of senior officials from over 100 countries and regions.
Originally St. Peter’s Hospital was built to serve casualties of the Second World War.
Even if it specialised in Obstetrics and Gynecology services, the hospital is equipped and staffed to handle all general medical and surgical conditions.
In 2011 a middle school, James Bowie Middle School, and a strip commercial center opened across the street from Jester IV and Jester III Unit.
Prior to 1867 the warrant was signed by the Governor.
The people who worked on San Hipólito Hospital were prisoners, captured pirates and slaves, which included the indigenous.
On 16 November 2014, the University announced the Royal Infirmary as the location of Scotland's first PET-MRI Scanner.
It is operated and managed by the Bay of Plenty District Health Board.
It is also a teaching hospital of the Faculty of Medicine of the Chinese University of Hong Kong.
Jorvi Hospital is one of the 3 Labor Wards in the greater Helsinki area.
The hospital has 665 in-patient beds, 12 operating theatres and houses the largest single critical care unit in the NHS.
It is a 550 bed capacity tertiary care referral eye hospital catering to the states of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh and also neighboring states.
Inpatient rehabilitation programs at the hospital are accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities.
It is a teaching facility for the Sefako Makgatho Health Sciences University(SMU) formerly known as Medical University of Southern Africa(Medunsa)/University of Limpopo Medunsa Campus
Cairns Hospital, known as the Cairns Base Hospital between 1932 and 2013, is the largest major hospital in Far North Queensland, Australia.
It has also been assessed by Joint Commission International from the USA, but this ended by 2010.
At that time both hospitals were part of Metropolitan Hospitals, Inc. that had been formed by Physicians & Surgeons Hospital and Emanuel Hospital.
The Harvard-Thorndike General Clinical Research Center, the oldest clinical research laboratory in the United States, has been located on this site since 1973.
It is part of the University Hospitals of Morecambe Bay NHS Foundation Trust and is the base of which the trust is headquartered.
Lancashire Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust is one of the United Kingdom's NHS Foundation Trusts.
This led the province to engage in a public consultation to determine if other uses for the building could be found.
Among independent teaching hospitals, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center consistently ranks in the top three recipients of biomedical research funding from the National Institutes of Health.
The hospital is now part of Covenant Health, a Catholic health care provider operating 18 facilities across Alberta, in cooperation with Alberta Health Services.
It was designated a national key clinical hospital by the National Health and Family Planning Commission in 2011.
A CT scanner was installed in 2007.
The future of the hospital has become an issue in local politics, with campaigns to keep cancer and heart services in the hospital.
St. Vincent's Medical Center Southside is a not-for-profit, faith-based hospital located in the southern part of Jacksonville, Florida.
For the similarly named hospital in Simcoe, Ontario, see Norfolk General Hospital.
The university owns and operates many smaller clinics around the state that contain UConn Medical Group, UConn Health Partners, University Dentists and research facilities.
Unfortunately, his efforts to do so were unsuccessful and he eventually died before he could see his dreams come to fruition.
The hospices are located at Sutton Scotney, near Winchester, Hampshire, England.
The University Teaching Hospital of Yaounde is a University Hospital in Yaoundé, Cameroon, founded by a Presidential decree on the 28th of October 1965.
The Children's and adolescents' wards cater for all paediatric specialities.
Other services at Cromer include day surgery and procedures, out-patient care, renal dialysis, x-ray and ultrasound diagnostics.
Adventist Medical Center - Hanford is a part of the Seventh-day Adventist hospital system.
Hospital Conde S. Januário is an acute care hospital run by the public sector in Macau, China.
It was named after Peter Lougheed, who served as premier of Alberta from 1971 to 1985.
The $9.6 million project will address the special needs of the frail elderly and will help prepare them for a return home.
It serves 690,000 people in a 12-county area.
The majority of the buildings historically associated with the hospital have been either demolished, fallen into disrepair or closed down.
The 1,200-bed hospital is located at Ywar Thar Gyi Ward in East Dagon Township.
The hospital is located on the corner of Erin and Collett streets and is operated by the Southern New South Wales Local Health District.
A rotating staff of general practitioners performs examinations and prescribes care on an outpatient basis.
A blogger has reported on this hospital for many years.
It was the smallest hospital in Pennsylvania.
Joyce Green Hospital was a hospital near Dartford, Kent, England.
In 2008 the hospital appealed for funds from local businesses to establish a new trauma unit and a ward for women suffering from a spontaneous miscarriage.
Government Nizamia General Hospital popularly known as Government Unani Hospital is a public hospital located in Hyderabad, Telangana, India.
Some scenes from the film About A Boy were filmed in the closed hospital prior to its demolition in 2006.
At present more than 1200 medical doctors and 2500 nursing specialists are working at the hospital.
It was built and completed at the end of 1923.
HOSH is one of the most well-recognized hospital in the city, state, and nation.
It is part of the Aga Khan Health Services international referral system with links to Aga Khan University Hospital, Nairobi and Aga Khan University Hospital, Karachi.
The hospital's main purpose is the training of students during their clinical years.
Saint Barnabas Medical Center, an affiliate of RWJBarnabas Health, is a 577-bed non-profit major teaching hospital located in Livingston, New Jersey.
At the end of 1970, the facilities were once again a hospital but this time as a general medical center.
It was built with the assistance of £319,500.
Providence Alaska Medical Center is Alaska's largest hospital, has 371 beds, 766 nurses and more than 850 physicians on staff.
The hospital was almost complete in 1884, and was occupied in 1885.
Hospital of Lithuanian University of Health Sciences Kauno klinikos is the largest medical institution in Lithuania.
Today it has contracts with all the main Irish health insurance companies as well as being available to private self paying patients.
Komani Psychiatric Hospital is a government funded psychiatric hospital and drug rehabilitation centre in Queenstown, Eastern Cape in South Africa.
It is managed by Milton Keynes University Hospital NHS Foundation Trust.
The Sri Lankan branch of Apollo Hospitals was shut down in mid 2014 and the building was branded as Lanka Hospitals.
University Health Network is a healthcare and medical research organization in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Houston Orthopedic and Spine hospital has well-known physicians and services that provide the best in medical care.
Catharina Ziekenhuis is a teaching hospital in Eindhoven, Netherlands.
There are approximately 350 beds at the hospital including four intensive care units.
It opened in 1953, is part of the Central East LHIN and is the largest employer in the community.
It is perhaps the oldest in the region.
The medical campus is part of a $400 million investment in Jonesboro and the surrounding counties; one of the largest health care investments made in Arkansas.
Services include 24-hour emergency room physician coverage, hospice, respite care, cardiac rehab, physical and occupational therapy and county-wide ambulance services.
The hospital moved from its original location to a larger 20-acre campus in 1977 and continues to operate from that location today.
Proposals to expand the asylum were mooted in 1909.
The UVRMC Cancer Center treats more than 20 forms of cancer.
Haukeland is a national special hospital and resource center for Burn injuries, air-pressure injuries, Cornea-protesises and treatment of intercranial tumors.
Cloete-Joubert Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital for the Senqu Local Municipality area in Barkly East in the Eastern Cape of South Africa.
Four Daughters of Charity moved into the facility on May 1, 1889.
The institute is located in Edmonton near the south west corner of the University of Alberta campus at 87 Avenue and 115 Street.
It is the largest hospital in Queensland.
The plan drew criticism, as two of the three historic homes located on the campus would be demolished.
Following a $350 million redevelopment, the perinatal hospital King George V Memorial Hospital has been incorporated into it.
Viet Duc Hospital is the largest surgical center of Vietnam, situated at Trang Thi Street, Hanoi.
It is named after Gustave Roussy, a Swiss-French neuropathologist.
St. Clare Hospital is a hospital in Lakewood, Washington, United States, provides inpatient and outpatient medical services, including 24-hour emergency care and treatment for sleep disorders.
The Holy Family Hospital is a private hospital in Bandra, Mumbai.
He began the construction of a hospital in 1904 on the northern edge of the village of Pithapuram.
LifeFlight/MobileLife is northwest Ohio's primary means of critical care transports.
It serves the northern region of Monmouth County, New Jersey.
It is located 5km from Dublin City Centre.
Sutter Delta Medical Center is a hospital in Antioch, California.
Calvary Hospital is a Catholic not-for-profit private hospital, located in Lenah Valley, Hobart, Tasmania.
The Caitlin Raymond International Registry was a bone marrow registry that was a subsidiary of the UMass Memorial Health Ventures Inc in Worcester, Massachusetts.
The other comprehensive cancer centre is Bhaktapur Cancer Hospital in the Kathmandu valley.
The Clinique Ambroise Paré is a hospital in Conakry, Guinea, is considered to be the best hospital in the country.
University Health System boasts a wide variety of primary care and specialty physicians such as Endocrinology, Oncology, Neuroscience, Heart and Vascular, Rheumatology and Gastroenterology[1].
The hospital contains over 650 beds and provides medical and surgical services to Calgary and Southern Alberta.
The Westminster Memorial Hospital is a small community hospital in Shaftesbury, Dorset, England.
It is one of two large clinic systems in the city, the other being Gessler Clinic, P.A.
The hospital has 598 physicians and 1,783 employees overall.
The National Heart Centre Singapore is a specialist medical centre in Singapore for cardiac problems as well as a regional referral centre for cardiovascular diseases.
In March 2010 AVH was declared one of the 14 trauma centers in Los Angeles County.
Farming continued for many years until residential development encroached along Plenty Rd.
It provided a very wide range of services.
It serves the surrounding areas in Lorain County including North Ridgeville and Grafton.
It is a part of the Jester State Prison Farm property and it is located in U.S. Highway 90A.
It serves most of Androscoggin County, including Lewiston and Auburn, Maine and various small and medium-sized communities.
The Royal Hobart Hospital is a public hospital located in the Hobart CBD, Tasmania, Australia.
The infirmary is equipped with a radio studio which broadcasts Trust AM, the Foundation Trust's patient radio.
Cape Regional Medical Center is located at 2 Stone Harbor Boulevard in the Cape May Court House section of Middle Township, New Jersey, United States.
The hospital provides health care services for the citizens of Phnom Penh, surrounding provinces, and to foreigners.
Off campus facilities include the Mildred Milliman Radiation Medicine Center, a premier affiliate site of Roswell Park Cancer Institute, at 415 Buffalo Street in Olean.
Current research programs include molecular oncology, tumor cell biology, developmental therapeutics, cancer genetics and genomics, cell and gene therapy, transplantation biology, tumor immunology and neuro-oncology.
The War Memorial Nursing Home merged with Matilda Hospital to form the Matilda and War Memorial Hospital, later renamed Matilda International Hospital.
It is operated by Chelsea and Westminster Hospital NHS Foundation Trust, and has close ties with Imperial College London.
It is a 165-bed facility employing 224 doctors among a total staff of about 1200.
The hospital was founded in 1867 and is sponsored by its founders, the Sisters of Charity of Saint Elizabeth.
The Northern Carleton Memorial Hospital is a former acute care hospital located in Bath, New Brunswick, Canada.
The 1st Affiliated Hospital of Wenzhou Medical College is a grade 3A hospital located in Wenzhou, Zhejiang, China.
In 2010 it was visited by U.S.
Many of the hospital's employees hold research contracts with Imperial College London, and the hospital plays an integral role in teaching students at Imperial College London.
The Medical Center features a complete array of services, including general surgery, emergency medicine, psychiatry, orthopedics, maternity and pediatric care.
A refurbishment and expansion took place between 2010 and 2011.
Other services include, general surgery, surgical oncology, total joint replacement, orthopedic surgery, cataract surgery, and urology.
It is a public hospital located in Msida, Malta.
They are part of the Aga Khan Health Services international referral system with links to the Aga Khan University Hospital, Karachi.
North Shore Hospital is a large public hospital in Takapuna, New Zealand, serving the northern part of Auckland.
The old location closed and the new facility was built around 2009-2010.
It is a community-owned medical center that serves the healthcare needs of an area of approximately 10,000 square miles in Oregon and northern California.
Dayton Sports Medicine is based at Southview and offers a Tactical Training Course to improve the conditioning and general health of safety officers.
St. Francis Hospital is a former Catholic hospital which operated in New York City during the 19th and 20th centuries.
It is owned and operated by the Christian Medical Foundation of the Seventh-day Adventist Church, and is a part of global Adventist healthcare network.
The hospital was officially opened by Princess Alexandra in May 1988.
The Charles LeMoyne Hospital is the major hospital in Longueuil, Quebec, Canada.
The hospital is the most northerly of the hospitals in Highland.
In the basement was a large Ambulance Room, and X-ray facilities.
It also earned status as an accredited Breast Center from the National Accreditation Program for Breast Centers in 2011.
The hospital serves the townships of Scugog, Brock and Uxbridge in Durham Region.
Guy's Hospital is a large NHS hospital in the borough of Southwark in central London.
Mackay Memorial Hospital, established on December 26, 1912, is one of the largest medical centers in Taiwan.
The Clinical Center of Vojvodina is a hospital providing tertiary level health care services for the population of Vojvodina, the northern province of Serbia.
Nelson Mandela Academic Hospital is a large Provincial government funded hospital situated in central Mthatha in South Africa.
Queen Elizabeth Hospital in King’s Lynn, Norfolk, England.
Arlington Memorial Hospital is a full-service acute-care medical center located in Arlington, Texas with 417 licensed beds.
U.S. News & World Report has cited it several times on its list of "America's Best Hospitals" in the category of urology.
There is also a battle casualty/artificial limb section attached to the hospital.
The main campus is located at 801 S. Washington Street, Naperville, IL.
After the war it became a permanent hospital, and in the 1960s was significantly enlarged.
The hospital has specialisations in mental health, maternity and pediatrics.
The hospital is accredited by the Joint Commission.
On Oct. 9, 2014, BCH relocated all of its emergency and trauma services to Foothills Hospital, located at Foothills Parkway and Arapahoe Avenue in east Boulder.
Riverside Behavioral Center is part of Bayfront Health Punta Gorda.
The Royal Masonic Hospital was a hospital in the Ravenscourt Park area of Hammersmith, west London, built and opened in 1933.
Hospital Tuaran is a public hospital in Tuaran, Sabah, Malaysia.
The health system is a network of hospitals, family medicine clinics, rehab facilities, auxiliary services, and medical education training facilities.
Penticton Regional Hospital is a hospital located in Penticton, British Columbia, which is a city in the Okanagan region of Canada.
Doncaster Royal Infirmary started life as the Doncaster Dispensary on French Gate in 1792.
Teach — Provide Medical Education & Student Practice
The hospital is based primarily in Dubuque, with a critical access hospital in Dyersville, Iowa.
Carondelet later purchased a hospital in Marina del Rey and named it Daniel Freeman Marina Hospital.
Seeing the lack of medical services and the great need of the people, she began medical work at the mission bungalow in 1896.
It shut down most of its clinics during 2013 and closed its doors indefinitely following a temporary, one-month closure in 2014.
The hospital was originally known as Claremont Hospital for the Insane, Claremont Mental Hospital and Claremont Hospital.
East Kent Hospitals University NHS Foundation Trust is one of the largest hospital trusts in England.
The hospital was founded on May 31, 1969.
The hospital provides acute services to 250,000 people in the North Down, Ards and Castlereagh council areas, as well as east Belfast.
Central Valley General Hospital is a rural 49-bed hospital in Hanford, California, specializing in obstetrical care.
The hospital was founded by Dr. Sarita Shrestha MD, OBGYN, BAMS, the first female Ayurvedic physician in Nepal and its first Ayurvedic OBGYN.
It is managed as part of the public health system of the government of Kerala.
Located near high crime streets, the hospital had a very active trauma unit.
This new building was made possible thanks to a successful fundraising campaign which raised more than £3.5 million.
Ironically today in the hospital premises hundreds of women and their patients throng in the front yard.
Kuluva Hospital, is a private, non-profit, community hospital in Uganda.
As of 2010 it had 210 beds.
TRMC provides emergency, obstetrical, pediatric, general medical, and intensive care services as well as an outpatient surgical service.
Jester IV is located in the middle of a cornfield.
The project is expected to cost, at the final completion, Two billion Kenya shillings Link
Children's Mercy has received national recognition from U.S. News & World Report in ten pediatric specialties.
Each year it has around 47,000 admissions, sees 43,000 patients in the Emergency Department, sees around 175,000 outpatients and delivers over 2,800 babies.
Improvements include a new ICU wing, a new 34 bed medical/surgical unit made up of exclusively private rooms and an extended parking lot.
The hospital is member of TriHealth, a joint operating agreement between Catholic Health Initiatives and Bethesda, Inc. Cincinnati to manage Good Samaritan.
Doctor's Hospital is accredited by the American Osteopathic Association's Healthcare Facilities Accreditation Program.
Philanthropists Walter and Leonore Annenberg donated funds to establish the Annenberg Center for Health Sciences.
Working with the hospital and the community, the BC Children's Hospital Foundation raises funds to support and enhance the delivery of pediatric care in British Columbia.
It was established in 1981 as a charitable trust and joined the Nuffield Hospitals group in 1994, which rebranded to Nuffield Health.
It is the only hospital in Australia which specialises in both ophthalmology and otolaryngology.
The Sexual Assault Referral Centre is a collaboration between the Trust and the Greater Manchester Police Authority.
With an approximate 670 beds, USB is the biggest healthcare facility in north-western Switzerland.
Rush also offers more than 70 residency and fellowship programs in medical and surgical specialties and subspecialties.
Founded in 1664 by the British East India Company, it is the first medical institution in India.
Guangzhou Fuda Cancer Hospital remains at the forefront of cryosurgical ablation in treating cancer both in number of treatment and types of tumors.
All clinics in the hospital have a third level of competence, with the exception of the emergency room, virology and neonatology.
Soroti Regional Referral Hospital, commonly known as Soroti Hospital is a hospital in the town of Soroti, in Soroti District, in Eastern Uganda.
East Tallinn Central Hospital is a hospital located in Tallinn, Estonia in the Veerenni subdistrict, on Ravi 18 street.
It is currently under construction starting from March 2010, and will become the largest single medical building in Asia.
The Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital is the premier health care facility in Ghana.
Established in 1958, the hospital is a 254-bed long-term care facility offering quality general medical services, specialist clinics and high-tech diagnostic services.
Located within the Metro Health Village, it is the main hospital for Metro Health: University of Michigan Health and functions as a teaching osteopathic medicine hospital.
North Valley Hospital is a nonprofit general medicine and surgical hospital located in Whitefish, Montana.
Mercy - Dubuque is located just to the north of U.S. Highway 20 on Mercy Drive.
The county council opposed the plans, instead wanting a series of small hospitals throughout the county.
The hospital will be able to expand to 239 beds at maximum development.
Loyola's Gottlieb campus in Melrose Park, Illinois includes the 264-licensed-bed community hospital, the Gottlieb Health and Fitness Center and the Marjorie G. Weinberg Cancer Care Center.
The location was formerly known as the Dodwell's Ridge Camp of the Royal Hong Kong Police Cadet School.
The hospital is affiliated with the Johns Hopkins Hospital in the United States through Johns Hopkins Medicine International.
The hospital undertook renovations and expansions in 1939, 1949, 1953, 1963, 1966, 1968, 1972, and 1982.
The hospital is licensed for 59 beds, 49 of which are designated as Acute Care and 10 are inpatient rehabilitation beds.
As a teaching hospital, affiliated with University of California, Los Angeles, it was recognized as the best family-medicine residency program in the United States in 2014.
It is a major teaching hospital of over 200 beds with links to the University of Melbourne and La Trobe University.
It is the only National Cancer Institute-designated Cancer Center in the Intermountain West.
It is the newest hospital in the Kettering Health Network.
Aberdeen Community Health and Care Village also known as The Health Village is an urban community hospital located in the centre of Aberdeen, Scotland.
The main facility is the 208-bed St. Joseph Hospital, with satellite centers in Milford and Merrimack.
The Milpark Hospital is a private hospital in western Parktown, Johannesburg, in the area known as Milpark, and owned by Netcare Limited.
The hospital contains 645 beds, 36 of which are for intensive care, and has a special emergency ward for internal diseases.
Mount Elizabeth Novena Hospital, is a 333-bed healthcare facility in Singapore that opened in 2012.
The Humboldt District Hospital Foundation is a non-profit foundation that supports the efforts of the hospital.
It has gone on to become the biggest ex-services facility in the country.
The flagship hospital Phoebe Putney Memorial Hospital is a 691-bed teaching hospital and a regional center for cancer and cardiac medicine.
The Barnert Medical Arts Complex is now flourishing and serves as a model for struggling acute care hospitals around New Jersey.
The hospital has a cancer care center, intensive care unit, birthing center and a women’s health center that performs mammograms, bone scans and ultrasounds.
The military block at Mont Park was closed in 1924 and handed back to the State for civilian mental cases.
It is run by the Brothers Hospitallers of St. John of God, an international Catholic organisation.
It is led by Stephen Graves, chief executive, and chairman Rob Hughes.
The hospital invests $40 million a year in charity care and underwriting medical care for the uninsured.
It also provided Child and Adolescent Mental Health Services for the city.
Nkqubela Chest Hospital is a specialised TB hospital situated in Mdantsane near East London, Eastern Cape in South Africa.
A new building for the Accident & Emergency, ITU and Orthopaedic Unit opened in the summer of 1998.
St. Mary's General Hospital is an acute care hospital offering a broad range of health care services and community outreach programs.
The hospital is located about 1.3 kilometres north from the centre of Funafuti on Fongafale islet.
The Hospital’s multidisciplinary approach to healthcare provides access to a wide variety of medical specialties for a full range of clinical services.
500 million cash credit limit | Rs.
Since March, 2003, the hospital has been affiliated to Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine.
Furthermore, the hospital has strong links with the John Curtin School of Medical Research.
Endell Street Military Hospital closed its door in December 1919.
It also includes a Level I Regional Resource Trauma Center and a Level III Neonatal Intensive Care Unit.
It is one of the institutions that comprise the King's Health Partners, an academic health science centre.
It employs approximately 3,000 staff and has 820 beds.
The bankruptcy court reviewed bids, however these plans did not materialize and the hospital announced its closure on February 1, 2008.
Saint Francis Hospital & Medical Center is a 617-bed acute care hospital located on Woodland Street in Hartford, Connecticut.
The Infirmary itself specialises in cardiology, in renal medicine and surgery, and in kidney and pancreas transplants.
Originally a non-profit, it has been owned by HCA since 1996.
The hospital has around 2000 staffs to work around the clock to serve the long list of patients.
Until this is completed the Westland Sea King helicopters use the city's fire department to land.
As of early 2009, the hospital has 580 certified beds.
St. Mary's of Michigan Medical Center is a hospital in Saginaw, Michigan, United States.
Brooks Health Centre is a medical facility located in Brooks, Alberta.
It has a medical staff of 420 physicians representing more than 50 specialty services and employs 3,700 people.
At that time the site was planned to reconstruct as the dormitory of staff of Correctional Services Department as well as their families.
The Illinois Eye & Ear Infirmary is a center of ophthalmology and otolaryngology research and clinical practice.
The Institute was established in 1985 as the Samuel Lunenfeld Research Institute.
The hospital opened in 1906 as the Newport Borough Asylum, and was built to accommodate up to 350 patients.
In 2008, the hospital served 44,479 out-patients, and 4,236 in-patients, with an average stay of 10.5 nights.
In addition, the hospital ranked 61st out of 3,575 hospitals in Medicare's Value-Based Purchasing Program.
Hundreds of ophthalmologists have been trained at this institute since its inception.
The hospital is also home to several of Carolinas Healthcare system's specialty departments, including Pulmonary and Pain Management facilities.
A parking garage at the hospital recently opened.
The hospital was founded in 1909 and was staffed by one nurse and volunteer doctors and surgeons.
The SNEC also actively participates in clinical trials and researches the causes to find treatments to eye conditions such as myopia and glaucoma.
The Hospital is located on the southern outskirts of Oban.
The hospital's slogan is "Our family caring for yours."
The hospital was operated by the Aneurin Bevan Local Health Board until its closure in 2010.
It undertakes a wide range of procedures from routine investigations to complex surgery.
Opened in 1949, Xavier had 132 beds and was operated by the FRANCISCIAN SISTERS OF THE HOLY FAMILY.
It also has a ten-bed behavioral health unit.
The hospital also provides services for civilians.
The Charlottetown Hospital is a former acute care hospital that was located in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island.
It opened in 1893, and was closed in 1983.
UCLA Medical Group, with its wide-reaching system of primary-care and specialty-care offices throughout the greater Los Angeles region.
Gentofte Hospital is located in Gentofte within Copenhagen in Denmark.
The Emergency Department is a purpose built facility with an adjacent short stay unit, and provides emergency care for a diverse case mix including paediatric patients.
It was rated 'excellent' for quality of services and 'good' for quality of financial management by the Healthcare Commission in 2009.
Samaritan North Lincoln Hospital, founded in 1967, is a 25-bed Critical Access Hospital and Level IV trauma center.
Vimhans Relaunched as Vimhans PrimaMed Super Speciality Hospital with State of Art Infrastructure and Highly Experienced Doctor.
This day hospital offers primary health care services on an outpatient basis.
The Oakville Trafalgar Memorial Hospital is a full-service acute care community hospital located at 3001 Hospital Gate in Oakville, Ontario.
St Mary's Hospital is an NHS hospital in Paddington, in the City of Westminster, London, founded in 1845.
Blacktown Hospital is an acute care hospital in Blacktown, New South Wales, Australia, about 34 kilometres from the Sydney CBD.
It is one of the main health care institutions in the state of Bihar.
The Hospital is considered to be a top employer in Canada, receiving multiple awards for its employment and culture centred programs.
Stobhill Hospital is an Ambulatory Care and Diagnostic Hospital, located in the district of Springburn in the north of Glasgow, Scotland.
Providence Willamette Falls Medical Center is a not-for-profit acute care hospital operated by Providence Health & Services in Oregon City, Oregon, United States.
Part of the old patient hospital is occupied by La Trobe University for administrative offices.
The hospital was designed by the noted asylum architect George T. Hine.
It is on the south side of Sebring.
Hospital Pereira Rossell is a hospital in Montevideo, Uruguay.
The Valley Hospital is a 451-bed, acute-care, not-for-profit hospital in Bergen County, New Jersey.
The hospital is located at the west end of Malé.
Morningside Hospital was a psychiatric hospital in Portland, Oregon, United States.
From 1948-1958 the hospital also housed the Provincial Laboratory.
During the Coventry Blitz, the building was hit by German bombing, like many other parts of the city.
The current director of the hospital is Prof. Dr.Mohammad Abdullah.
Straub is an affiliate of Hawai’i Pacific Health, the state’s largest health care provider.
In 1912, the British Army set up the Lai Chi Kok Barracks and stationed for two years.
The center has an area of 3 hectares and consist of 3 stories and has a 300(?)
Besides patient care, St. Boniface Hospital also carries out medical research and offers practicum positions for university students through its affiliation with the University of Manitoba.
He attended Pomona College in Claremont, California, graduating in the class of 1900.
On the south side of Osprey Boulevard, which is south of the main building, are two medical office buildings.
"G" Wing opened in 1970 on the occasion of the hospital's 60th anniversary.
Burnaby Hospital, is a healthcare facility located in Burnaby, British Columbia and operated by the Fraser Health Authority.
It currently manages five hospitals: Charing Cross Hospital; Hammersmith Hospital; Queen Charlotte's and Chelsea Hospital; St Mary's Hospital and Western Eye Hospital.
It was established in 1832 and is the oldest continually operating eye-care facility in the United States.
It is operated by NHS Western Isles.
Frölunda specialist hospital is located in Frölunda, right next to Frölunda torg, approximately nine kilometres south-west of central Gothenburg.
The hospital has 14 operating areas, which includes six ‘main’ theatres and four trauma and orthopaedic theatres.
It survived as a charity until taken over with the founding of the National Health Service.
It was not officially called Yarra Bend Asylum until July 1851 when the Port Phillip District separated from the Colony of New South Wales.
The Campus presently includes three facilities, the Wilzig Hospital, the Provident Bank Ambulatory Center, and the Christie Kerr Women's Health Center.
In 1915 the facility was renamed Callan Park Mental Hospital, and again in 1976 to Callan Park Hospital.
The Bariatric Service for obese patients also celebrated winning a NHS South East Coast Best of Health award in the category of ‘dignity in care’.
The Jewish Healthcare Center is a nursing home and rehabilitation hospital at 629 Salisbury Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.
It is located in the heart of Riyadh.
About 40–45 babies are delivered here each day.
Its military status was withdrawn in 2007, and those military personnel remaining joined the Ministry of Defence Hospital Unit at Queen Alexandra Hospital in Cosham, Portsmouth.
The medical center is part of the OSF Healthcare System
The Cancer Center which consists of research institute and hospital is now an ancillary establishment of Kanagawa Prefectural Hospital Organization.
West Suffolk NHS Foundation Trust runs West Suffolk Hospital which is a large district general hospital in Bury St Edmunds, England.
It is a member of St. Vincent's HealthCare and is affiliated with Ascension Health.
An unrelated organization, Wesley Medical Center in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, has 211 licensed beds and is owned by Triad Hospitals, Inc.
Hope Rehab Center is a drug and alcohol rehabilitation center located in the mountains overlooking the coastal harbour of Si Racha.
It is owned by St. Vincent's HealthCare.
University of Vermont Medical Center consists of five major campuses:
Architecturally reflecting the evolution of health care in the 19th and 20th centuries, KGH was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1995.
Novant Health is a four-state integrated network of physician clinics, outpatient centers and hospitals.
The resulting partnership offers Brigham and Women's Faulkner Hospital patients access to many of the same physicians and services as Brigham and Women’s Hospital.
Mutolere lies approximately 40 kilometres, northwest of Kabale, the nearest large town.
W-E-L-L's own program included relaxing music, regular prayers, Holy Mass, and announcements.
The Matsuoka Hoyoen Sanatorium or National Sanatorium Matsuoka Hoyoen is a sanatorium for leprosy and ex-leprosy patients situated in Aomori, Aomori, Japan that opened in 1909.
WRMC is the largest hospital in northwestern North Carolina and is North Wilkesboro's largest employer.
A new San Francisco General Hospital acute care building was completed in 2016.
Opened in December 2005, Indiana University Health North Hospital is a full-service hospital for adults and children.
Sunbury Lunatic Asylum first opened in October 1879.
St. Mary's Orthopaedic Hospital is a public hospital located in Cork, Ireland.
St. John's is the home to the Prairie Heart Institute and AthletiCare.
In addition to their flagship hospital in Cleveland, Cleveland Clinic also operates affiliated facilities in Florida, Nevada, Canada, and the United Arab Emirates.
It is located in the Eaglestone neighborhood, and opened in 1984.
There is also a minor injuries unit.
The Singapore General Hospital is the largest and oldest hospital in Singapore, of which the foundation of its first building was laid in 1821.
Kitojo Hospital, is a hospital in Uganda.
The hospital was given the Biblical name "Bethesda", a house of mercy.
It specializes in health care for patients from birth to age 16.
The Princess Alexandra Hospital is a major Australian teaching hospital of the University of Queensland, located in Brisbane, Queensland.
The Belford provides secondary care to a local population of around 20 000, which can swell up to 60 000 during the summer.
In 1952, the Jewish hospital merged with Northern Liberties Hospital and Mount Sinai Hospital to form a single medical center.
When the December 26, 2004, tsunami hit the area, this hospital had 30 beds.
The hospital has approximately 136 births per year and It has full accreditation as baby friendly, since January 2003.
The hospital also physically hosts a mental health centre, which however administratively sorts under the psychiatric hospital of Region Hovedstadens Psykiatri.
Gold Coast University Hospital is a major health facility offering tertiary level health care for the Gold Coast, Australia, completed in September 2013.
University Medical Center is overseen by a seven-member panel called the Board of Managers.
The sleep center is accredited by the American Academy of Sleep Medicine.
The George Washington University Hospital is located in Washington, D.C. in the United States.
Woodend Hospital opened in 1927 as a general hospital with a special block being set aside for the treatment of non-pulmonary tuberculosis, pneumonia and similar cases.
Arnold Lodge is a medium secure psychiatric hospital situated in Leicester, England, run by Nottinghamshire Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust.
Over 16,000 tons of native limestone, quarried five miles north of campus, were used to face the half mile perimeter of the building.
At present, the hospital has a bed capacity of 1,500 and around 4,000 employees.
Renowned doctor Sun Yat-Sen brought Western medicine services to the hospital.
The hospital has 446 beds, and is part of Providence Health & Services.
Other hospital buildings are being converted into luxury condos and a new luxury building, Greenwich Lane, will replace the St. Vincent's building.
The $215 million project was the twelfth-largest construction project undertaken in the State of California.
King's Health Partners' member organisations have a combined annual turnover of around £2 billion, treat over 1.5 million patients each year and have approximately 25,000 employees.
Mont Park Asylum was a psychiatric hospital located in Melbourne, Australia.
Kaiser Sunnyside Medical Center is a not-for-profit, general care hospital in the Sunnyside area of Clackamas County in the U.S. state of Oregon.
The hospital is supported by the Li Ka-shing Specialist Clinics for specialty outpatient services.
The medical center is one of the largest and most reputable in Europe, due to its extensive clinical capabilities and advances in research.
The hospital made a net loss of $2.25 million over the previous five years.
The David Grant USAF Medical Center at Travis Air Force Base in Fairfield, California, is the U.S. Air Force’s largest medical facility on the west coast.
Until its closure in 2006 it was the longest operating facility in Western Australia for the care and treatment of mental illness.
Operational from 1871 to 1988, Kew was one of the largest asylums ever built in Australia.
On March 14, 1985 it received the President-elect Tancredo Neves, a day before taking office, he felt severe abdominal pain.
The hospital was founded in 1875 by the Sisters of Providence, a Roman Catholic sisterhood from Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
The hospital was founded in 1894 with three patient beds.
It was founded in 1872 and is now part of the Priory Group, which was acquired in 2011 by an American private equity firm, Advent International.
Patients come from throughout the Midwest and beyond to recover movement and function through Mary Free Bed's inpatient rehabilitation programs.
The New Zealand government issued a written apology in 2001, and has paid out a total of NZ$10.7 million in compensation to 183 former patients.
It is situated just a few kilometres north of Mount Frere town on the N2 road.
The hospital was established chiefly to serve the employees of the Indian Railways.
It is accredited by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Health Care Organizations.
Lymington New Forest Hospital is a community hospital in Lymington, Hampshire, designed by Murphy Philipps Architects.
Canmore General Hospital is a medical facility located in Canmore, Alberta.
It supports the Sir William Gowers Epilepsy Assessment Unit at the National Society for Epilepsy Centre at Chalfont St Peter, Buckinghamshire.
In December 2014, NHS Western Isles announced plans to close 3 dental surgeries which need renovation on the Uists and move the services to the hospital.
The hospital moved to its present location in 1885.
It is located in the Winson Green area of the west of the city.
Gritman Medical Center is a community hospital located in Moscow, ID in Latah County.
Mbarara Regional Referral Hospital, commonly known as Mbarara Hospital, is a hospital in Mbarara in the Western Region of Uganda.
Mercy Medical Center is a rural non-profit community hospital located in the city of Roseburg, in the US State of Oregon.
The wards are divided into either individual rooms or cubicles with six beds each, depending on the patients’ choice.
Mowat Court Nursing Home with 16 beds is also situated within the buildings.
Sutter Medical Center, Sacramento offers both community-based and tertiary medical services.
The South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust, also known as SLaM, is an NHS foundation trust based in London, England, which specialises in mental health.
Yarra Bend was proclaimed an Asylum under the provisions of the Lunacy Statute 1867 in the Government Gazette in October 1867.
Iloilo Mission Hospital is a private tertiary, training and teaching hospital located in Jaro, Iloilo City, Philippines.
The Cancer Centre also conducts research through the Alberta Cancer Research Institute and houses a comprehensive palliative care facility.
HSA is also one of the busiest hospitals in Malaysia based on patient load.
After working as an assistant physician, she joined the Women’s Foreign Missionary Society of the Methodist Episcopal Church which sent her to work in Manila, Philippines.
The buildings at St Woolos were originally opened as a workhouse by the Newport Poor Law Union.
Calvert Memorial Hospital in Prince Frederick, Maryland, is a not-for-profit, community-owned hospital.
It is a tertiary hospital and forms part of the Port Elizabeth Hospital Complex.
An integrated system of services, it includes AtlantiCare Regional Medical Center, the AtlantiCare Foundation, AtlantiCare Physician Group and AtlantiCare Health Solutions, an accountable care organization.
Moses Cone Memorial Hospital went through significant growth, while Wesley Long administrators avoided making many of the advances necessary to attract more patients.
Previously part of University Hospital Birmingham NHS Foundation Trust, the hospital closed in 2011.
Alberta Hospital Edmonton is a psychiatric hospital operating under the governance of Alberta Health Services.
Johns Hopkins Aramco Healthcare Dhahran hospital is accredited by JCI, the newly created international division of JCAH.
The Yangon Ear, Nose and Throat Hospital is a public specialist hospital located in Yangon, Myanmar.
It operates inland Northern California’s only level I trauma center and maintains a staff of specialists and researchers in more than 150 areas of health care.
By the time that it was absorbed into the NHS in 1948, there were 1000 beds.
Today, ownership of the hospital is the responsibility of the Misericordia Corporation within the Archdiocese of Winnipeg.
The hospital currently houses a neonatal unit, A&E department, out-patients department and a surgery suite.
The hospital was founded for teaching purposes in 1881 by a group of local doctors.
Gloucestershire Royal Hospital has more than 600 beds and 14 operating theatres.
The Bicêtre Hospital is located in Le Kremlin-Bicêtre, which is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris, France.
It is the headquarters of Leeds Older People Inpatient Services.
The Institute of Mental Health has a long tradition of care for psychiatric patients.
Wake Forest School of Medicine, its teaching and research arm
National Hospital Organization Nagara Medical Center is a hospital located in Gifu, Japan, which is administered by the National Hospital Organization of Japan.
Stanford Medicine is renowned for breakthroughs in treating cancer, heart disease, brain disorders and surgical and medical conditions.
In total, 56,528 patients presented to the emergency department in 2008.
The hospital consistently brings new technologies and innovative medical practices to Hawai‘i, such as minimally invasive cardiac surgery and total joint replacement.
The hospital is a university hospital affiliated to Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine.
The James receives donations through the Pelotonia biking event.
This hospital is a complementary health service provider in Iran's Social Security organization chain of hospitals.
It has 333 beds and provides a number of services including Vascular Surgery, Ophthalmology and Audiology.
Farooq Hospital is a teaching and private hospital in Allama Iqbal Town, Lahore.
The hospital has specialist services in psychiatry, rehabilitation, respiratory medicine and geriatrics.
It is administered by the Capital Region of Denmark.
The hospital used to be a subsidiary of Woodbridge Hospital and was closed down in 2001.
UF Health Jacksonville is a teaching hospital and medical system of the University of Florida in Jacksonville, Florida, United States.
Glen O' Dee Hospital is situated in the west end of Banchory, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
Block B has pediatric inpatient units, which include a Neonatal Intensive Care Unit and a Pediatric Intensive Care Unit.
The Berufsgenossenschaftliche Kliniken Bergmannstrost Halle is the teaching hospital facility of University of Halle-Wittenberg, located in Halle, Saxony-Anhalt.
The hospital is part of the Lifespan hospital group.
Most have either been convicted of serious crimes, or been found unfit to plead in a trial for such crimes.
Guangzhou Fuda Cancer Hospital is a tertiary specialized cancer hospital which is affiliated with the Health Department of Guangdong Province in China.
This hospital is one of several community hospitals owned and operated by Charlotte based Carolinas Healthcare System.
Bumrungrad International Hospital is a multiple-specialty medical centre located in Bangkok, Thailand.
The PICU can over flow to 14 beds for additional patient care.
The Capricorn Coast Hospital and Health Service is based in the town of Yeppoon in Central Queensland, Australia.
TWGHs has established TWGHs Wilson T S Wang Integrated Chinese and Western Medicine Treatment Centre in Kwong Wah.
It is the first private general hospital in the New Territories East part of the Hong Kong SAR.
It was established in 1994 and was developed by the Henderson Land Development Co. Ltd., becoming the 12th private hospital in Hong Kong.
The new, dedicated kitchen facility will be located next to the Shoe4Africa Children Hospital and will provide child-friendly nutrition for malnourished patients of the hospital.
Bégin Military Teaching Hospital is a military hospital at 69, avenue de Paris, in Saint-Mandé in the Val-de-Marne, near Paris.
It is located on Warneford Lane, which runs between Morrell Avenue and Old Road.
As of 2014, its president is Mickey Foster.
The UAH treats over 700,000 patients annually.
Largest towns in these boroughs are Woking, Staines, Chertsey and Walton on Thames.
Vidant Medical Center is licensed for 861 beds and had 39,360 admissions in fiscal year 2009.
The Hospital offers a range of medical, surgical and specialty care, including maternity services, a 24-hour emergency department and orthopedic, critical care and oncology inpatient units.
Meridian Hospital is a private hospital located in the neighbourhood of D-line in Port Harcourt, Rivers State, Nigeria.
The Sanpete Valley Hospital is a critical access hospital located in Mount Pleasant, Utah, United States.
Legacy Holladay Park Medical Center is a hospital located in Portland, Oregon, United States.
The premises of the hospital had been demolished since then.
Providence Holy Cross Medical Center is a hospital in the Mission Hills district of Los Angeles, California, USA.
The hospital also has an emergency department and a pathological laboratory.
It is located in Old GRA, Rivers State a neighbourhood of Port Harcourt and is operated by Rivers State Hospital Management Board.
As of 2010 it had 144 beds.
During the 2005 annual charity, the hospital reported to the Canada Revenue Agency as having assets of roughly C$ 520 million.
Research is conducted in its specialty programs in partnership with other health care and provincial agencies.
It is a part of the East Manila Hospital Managers Corporation, a subsidiary of Metro Pacific Investments Corporation.
Sahmyook Medical Center or Seoul Adventist Hospital is a large private hospital located in Seoul, South Korea.
Among the expected improvements are an expansion of the intensive care unit and renovations to the women's health and neonatal intensive care unit programs.
It is part of the London Health Sciences Centre.
Rancho Los Amigos National Rehabilitation Center is a rehabilitation hospital located in Downey, California, United States.
McKay-Dee Hospital is a not-for-profit community focused health system operated by Intermountain Healthcare.
Children are admitted by referrals from other pediatric health care facilities and from children's hospitals.
The hospital saw 8,430 day cases in the same year.
It serves residents and visitors in southern Colorado and northern New Mexico.
NT Sport Events, which includes a series of competitions among local area businesses to promote health and well-being
A leader in women’s services, AAMC delivers the state’s second highest number of births annually and has a Level 3b neonatal intensive care unit.
Settlers Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital for the Makana Local Municipality area in Grahamstown, Eastern Cape in South Africa.
The third is Women and Children's Hospital, which is located on the banks of the Elk River.
Also since October 2015 the VUmc got the first Mridian MRI scanner in Europe, this is the most advanced scanner for diagnosing tumors.
It has grown into a full fledged hospital with more than 200 beds.
The hospital's emergency department is certified as a level I trauma center for adults and pediatrics.
Munson Medical Center is the largest of eight Munson Healthcare system hospitals located throughout northern Michigan.
The hospital is affiliated with Robert Wood Johnson Medical School and Seton Hall University School of Graduate Medical Education located in Edison, New Jersey.
Osmania General Hospital is one of the oldest hospitals in India located at Afzal Gunj, Hyderabad, Telangana.
A helipad capable of night operation was opened in 2015, to replace the existing daytime-only grass pad.
St John's Hospital is the main general hospital in Livingston, West Lothian, Scotland.
The department also includes hand and foot surgery specialists and outpatient rehabilitation centers designed for patients with extremities injuries and conditions.
South Bristol Community Hospital is a community hospital in the Hengrove area of Bristol, England, on the site of the former Whitchurch Airport.
It is the main hospital in Orkney.
It serves as a major regional referral center for Utah and the surrounding states of Idaho, Nevada, Wyoming, Montana and New Mexico.
The foundation renamed it and donated it to the university for use as a psychiatric, outpatient surgery, and research hospital.
Eisenhower Urgent Cares always staff medical doctors, physician assistants, and nurse practitioners as the medical providers.
The hospital offers physician residencies in family medicine, internal medicine, and general surgery.
Alberta Health Services is responsible for the operations of the hospital.
Aware Global Hospital is a specialized hospital located in the Karmanghat area of Hyderabad in the Indian state of Telangana.
The hospital was founded as the private Community Memorial Hospital Port Perry, which became public in 1946.
Hotel Dieu Hospital is a hospital in Kingston, Ontario.
As of 2013 the hospital has 116 beds across a range of specialities, including general medicine, geriatrics, paediatrics, general surgery, orthopaedics, obstetrics and gynaecology and psychiatry.
A Level I Trauma Center, the hospital has 806 beds, and a staff of more than 3,000 specialty and subspecialty physicians.
Buena Vista Regional Medical Center, formerly Buena Vista County Hospital, is a 35-bed rural community critical access hospital located in Storm Lake, Iowa.
Arab Medical Center is one of the leading referral hospitals both for patients in the Middle East and internationally, located in Amman, Jordan.
The tower block was built in the 1960s.
The largest building was the milking shed, which had a well-laid brick floor, cambered and angled for drainage.
It employs over 2000 people, making it one of the largest employers in Columbia.
Prior to its acquisition of Foundation Trust status in October 2008, the trust was known as Bolton Hospitals NHS Trust.
The hospital provides training programmes in ophthalmology for medical students of both the CUHK and the University of Hong Kong.
Jacobi offers comprehensive residency training programs in Internal Medicine, Pediatrics and Radiology.
It is the only hospital of its kind in the Philadelphia area.
Today, the hospital has 526 beds and is a designated Level II trauma center.
The hospital is an 850-bed institution that is also a clinical partner of the Texas Heart Institute.
Administratively, it falls under the domain of Region Hovedstaden along with hospitals in the greater Copenhagen area and northern Zealand.
St Emlyn’s is a virtual hospital developed by educationalists based at the Manchester Royal Infirmary, England.
Newham University Hospital is situated in Plaistow, Newham, east London, England.
Alice Peck Day Memorial Hospital is a hospital located in Lebanon, New Hampshire, United States.
Mpigi General Hospital, also Mpigi Hospital, is a hospital in the Central Region of Uganda.
Penticton Regional Hospital was incorporated in 1913.
It is situated at the corner of Nicholson Street and Victoria Street.
The hospital is named after Malizo Bantu Mpehle.
It is accredited by The Joint Commission and is a member of the American Small Hospital Association.
St. Joseph's Health Centre, Toronto is a large Catholic community teaching hospital in western Toronto.
The Bristol-Myers Squibb Children's Hospital at Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital is a freestanding 105-bed, pediatric acute care facility adjacent to RWJUH.
The hospital opened in July 2013, and started admitting patients in early 2014.
The campus includes a 213-bed acute care hospital, imaging center, behavioral center, fitness center, retirement community, nursing center and hospice house.
Tunbridge Wells Hospital is a large district general hospital near Tunbridge Wells, Kent, England, run by the Maidstone and Tunbridge Wells NHS Trust.
It is the primary teaching hospital for East Carolina University's Brody School of Medicine and is the flagship medical center for Vidant Health.
This location is approximately 326 kilometres, by road, west of Kampala, the capital of Uganda and the largest city in that country.
The health system's hospitals serve as the teaching hospitals of Thomas Jefferson University.
The Hospital was founded in 1904 as a part of Indochina Medical College by the French colonial governor Paul Doumer.
The hospital is deeply rooted in the Presbyterian tradition and under the spiritual guidance of the Presbyterian Church in Taiwan.
The hospital is located in Minhang District with an outpatient clinic located in Xuhui District.
Loyola University Medical Center has more than 50 residency and fellowship training programs in the following medical and surgical specialties.
Einstein granted his permission on June 28 of that year.
Beijing Jishuitan Hospital [1], is a large-scaled first-level hospital in Beijing, focusing mainly on orthopaedics and burn surgery.
Elmcrest Hospital, later St. Francis Care Behavioral Health, was a small psychiatric facility in Portland, Connecticut.
FV Hospital is the leading tertiary care provider in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
It was also one of the first open heart surgeries performed in a community hospital in the USA.
Pioneering milestones include the world's first successful heart valve operation and the world's first solid organ transplant.
It offers outreach clinics in nearby communities and monthly clinics in John Day with physicians specializing in urology, orthopedics, gynecology, ophthalmology, cardiology, and podiatry.
As of 2016, Stanford received high rankings in the following specialties
It is a general medical/surgical hospital, academic medical center, and specialty hospital operating at multiple locations in San Francisco, California.
The ownership of this program was transferred to the Friends of the Disabled a Nepalese non-governmental organization in 1992.
The hospital was established in 1978 by the Lilavati Kirtilal Mehta Medical Trust.
Recently the hospital has added CT and MRI diagnosis equipment and improved lab services.
It was founded by Dr. S.M Balaji in 1994.
Calvary Wakefield Hospital is a private Catholic hospital in Adelaide, Australia founded in 1883.
St Thomas' Hospital is a large NHS teaching hospital in Central London, England.
Akershus University Hospital has 699 beds in somatic sector, and 254 beds in psychiatric sector.
UCL Partners is an academic health science centre located in London, England.
Canterbury Hospital has been in business since 1929 and was rebuilt in 1998.
The Royal London provides district general hospital services for the City and Tower Hamlets and specialist tertiary care services for patients from across London and elsewhere.
Peter Lougheed Centre is a 506,000 square foot hospital in Alberta, Canada.
The highly prestigious “The Week-Nielsen” survey for rating the best hospitals in the country has declared LVPEI hyderabad as third best eye hospital in India.
In 2010, Modern Healthcare magazine named AtlantiCare to its list of "Best Places to Work in Healthcare."
It was built at a cost of $633 million.
It is the fourth largest hospital in all of Illinois.
The hospital holds the faith of “Enthusiasm, Expertise and Elaborateness” to provide the best medical care to the patients.
Construction started in 1976 and the Central Block opened three years later.
Together, they help more than 57,000 patients annually.
The hospital currently has over 530 beds and offers a large range of clinical services.
It is also Canada's largest maternity hospital as well as a teaching hospital of the University of Toronto Faculty of Medicine.
The clinic is directed by Alan E. Kazdin, Ph.D., John M. Musser Professor of Psychology and former President of the American Psychological Association.
Founded in 1968, it is named for Dra Carolina Tobar Garcia, who was notable in Argentina in the field of child and adolescent neuropsychiatry.
The hospital was established to provide healthcare to the citizens of the neighborhood, which was a predominately poverty-stricken area.
Englewood Hospital and Medical Center is an acute care teaching hospital in Englewood, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.
It is teaching facility of University of Belgrade School of Medicine.
St. Francis Hospital and Heart Center is a hospital in Flower Hill, New York on Long Island.
The hospital was founded as Memorial Hospital Bowmanville in 1913.
University Medical Center is licensed by the State of Texas and accredited by the Joint Commission.
Lancaster Moor Hospital, formerly the Lancaster County Lunatic Asylum and Lancaster County Mental Hospital, was a mental hospital in Lancaster, Lancashire, England, which closed in 2000.
Located in Au Tau in Yuen Long, it was founded by residents in 1919 when Yuen Long was a still rural town.
Paoli Hospital a 231-bed, not-for-profit, acute care hospital in Paoli, Pennsylvania.
St. Finbarr's Hospital is a public hospital on the South Douglas Road, Cork City, Ireland.
It is affiliated to the Bangalore Medical College and Research Institute, and is an institution of national importance.
The hospital is also a Level 1 trauma center and serves as a national resource in its ground-breaking approaches to emergency preparedness.
The hospital is located near the village of Carstairs, in South Lanarkshire, Scotland.
Pikeville Medical Center is a 300-bed medical facility located in Pikeville, Kentucky.
It forms a cluster with Umlamli Hospital, Lady Grey and Cloete Joubert Hospitals.
Thus, it was known as Ywar Thar Gyi Psychiatric Hospital in the past.
Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center is an academic medical center located in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
Since 2011 it has been the base for emergency helicopter service throughout the Rio Grande Valley.
McGinnis Hospital is a former hospital in Ligonier, Pennsylvania.
The hospital is part of the Life Healthcare group, and features a state of the art stroke unit run by Dr W. Duim.
Run by Tameside Hospital NHS Foundation Trust, it serves the surrounding area of Tameside in Greater Manchester, and the town of Glossop in Derbyshire.
Approximately 1/3 of individuals accept California's sex offender treatment.
The Center has three NIH-funded training grants.
The hospital provides teaching and training for medical staff and gained university status in 1997.
The name commemorates the philanthropist Samuel Wilson Warneford.
The West / North West Hospitals Group comprises 7 hospitals:
In 2014, U.S. News & World Report named TIRR Memorial Hermann to the list of America’s Best Hospitals for the 25th consecutive time.
Verulam House Nursing and Residential Home is owned by Mr Peter Jackson and Dr Damian Tominey and trade as Verulam Healthcare Ltd. www.verulamhouse.co.uk
It has also received Magnet Recognition from the American Nurses Credentialing Center.
It was opened by the Minister for Foreign Affairs, Micheàl Martin, TD for Cork South Central on 15 October 2010.
Located in the downtown Streeterville neighborhood, the hospital has more than 1,200  physicians on its medical staff and 4,000 employees.
Hartford Hospital is an 819-bed acute care teaching hospital located in the South End of Hartford, Connecticut.
The Glasgow Victoria Infirmary was a teaching hospital situated at Langside/Battlefield in the south-east of Glasgow from 1880 until 2015.
It was founded in 2002 by a fusion of the Sint-Josephziekenhuis in Veldhoven and the Diaconessenhuis in Eindhoven, and was named after Maxima of the Netherlands.
Caritas Hospital has grown from a 50-bedded hospital to 635-bedstrength hospital.
In November 2007, the Hospital was renamed Marina Del Rey Hospital.
It is located next to the Bristol Royal Hospital for Children.
A family medicine residency program is affiliated with Michigan State University.
The hospital departments include a Rehabilitation Centre, pharmacy, Anti-Retroviral treatment for HIV/AIDS, Post Trauma Counseling Services, Laundry Services and Kitchen Services.
Its facilities have been designed around the Friesen concept, with nursing alcoves outside each patient room so nurses can spend more time with their patients.
Jacobi is a primary clerkship site for 3rd- and 4th-year medical students of Albert Einstein College of Medicine.
The grand opening was held on January 21 and 22, 1989.
Newton-Wellesley Hospital is a community teaching medical center located in Newton, Massachusetts on Washington Street.
He and his wife Lorenza financed the construction of the hospital in memory of their daughter Giannina, who died of peritonitis in 1917.
Previous names include the Moulsford Asylum, Berkshire Lunatic Asylum, and Berkshire Mental Hospital.
It has a level 1 accredited trauma unit, and cardiology and cardio-thoracic services.
A part of the Hackensack University Health Network, Mountainside Hospital is one of only two for-profit hospitals in New Jersey.
The Chief Executive Officer and President is Dr. Mark Eastburg, appointed December, 2006.
It is one of two hospitals operating in the city of Dubuque.
Soroka provides medical care to members of all populations in the region, including Negev Bedouins and Palestinians from the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
Owned and operated by the Salvation Army, it specializes in palliative care, slow-paced rehabilitation, and complex continuing care.
It has been ranked as the 7th-best overall medical center in the United States by U.S.News & World Report.
The hospital is the designated statewide major trauma centre for paediatrics in Victoria and a Nationally Funded Centre for cardiac and liver transplantation.
Anadolu Medical Center has outpatient clinics in Istanbul at Ataşehir .
Stepping Hill Hospital is Stockport NHS Foundation Trust's main hospital, which looks after a population of approximately 350,000 people.
The Royal Newcastle Hospital was, for nearly 190 years, the main hospital in the Australian city of Newcastle.
It is managed by Wirral University Teaching Hospital NHS Foundation Trust.
Samaritan Albany General Hospital is a 76-bed medical facility in Albany, Oregon.
Ruijin Hospital is a renowned general hospital in Shanghai, China, with the rank of "Grade 3, Class A".
Stamford Hospital is a private, nonprofit, Level II trauma center and community academic hospital in Stamford, Connecticut.
It has 342 beds, of which 90 are used for high care and intensive care.
It offers programs toward medical, dental, or graduate degrees through the School of Medicine and Dentistry.
Munson Medical Center is nationally recognized for superior quality care and operational performance, recognized 14 times as a 100 Top Hospital.
Gleneagles Hospital is a 258-bed private hospital on Napier Road, Singapore.
The hospital has an OPD, Male and Female Wards, an Operation Theatre, a Dialysis Unit and other basic facilities.
University of Maryland Medical Center Midtown Campus is a hospital in the downtown area of Baltimore, Maryland.
It is a university hospital affiliated to Fudan University Shanghai Medical College.
The hospital is accessible via Taipei Metro's Shuanglian Station.
CARF is an independent, nonprofit organization whose accreditation assists service providers to improve the quality of services and meet rigorous standards.
Harrogate and District NHS Foundation Trust runs Harrogate District Hospital, a NHS district general hospital in Harrogate, North Yorkshire, England.
There are Occupational Therapy and Physiotherapy services for rehabilitation.
It is situated on Albyn Place, and is run by BMI Healthcare.
The hospital is the only one in Union County, which covers 2,038 square miles and has a population of more than 25,000.
In November 1981, the obstetrics department was the first to be closed.
As of 2011, Mercy Medical Center is ranked among the Top 100 Community Value Hospitals by Cleverley & Associates.
The non-profit medical center is part of the Hackensack Meridian Health Network.
Attracting medical tourism is a major component of its operating plan.
In 2008 refurbishment of a ward in the Gilbert Bain building provided new accommodation for up to 16 long-stay patients.
The hospital was established during the First World War in May 1915 by Doctors Flora Murray and Louisa Garrett Anderson.
It is situated between Chalmers Street and Elizabeth Street opposite the entrance to Central Station.
Danvikens hospital was a historical Swedish hospital, insane asylum and retirement home in Stockholm, active in 1558–1861.
It was founded in 1958, and currently has 378 beds.
It is part of the University Hospitals of Morecambe Bay NHS Foundation Trust.
Founded in 1882, MultiCare provides health care services at dozens of locations, including seven hospitals, across the Puget Sound and Eastern Washington regions.
Since 2000, the Centre de réadaptation Marie-Enfant, the only pediatric rehabilitation centre in Quebec, which counts 95 beds, is affiliated with the CHU Sainte-Justine.
The project is set to be completed in 2015.
The hospital was significantly downgraded in the early 1990s and lost its maternity wards and full accident and emergency facility.
It is located on Alfred Naccache Boulevard, Beirut.
Nestled in a 110,000 square metres plot of land, the hospital comprises mostly colonial style buildings constructed since the late 1930s.
In addition, Clinical Pastoral Education is offered through Pine Rest.
From January to July 2014, total 4,385 patients were admitted in the hospital and there have been 13,246 patients visited the hospital.
Ranken Jordan provides interdisciplinary, specialized care, rehabilitation, and treatment for children 2-weeks to 21 years of age.
The hospital also provides out-patient department and day hospital services for psychiatric patients at West Kowloon Psychiatric Centre and East Kowloon Psychiatric Centre.
The same island holds the National Sanatorium Nagashima Aiseien.
The medical center had 9,678 admissions, 3,162 inpatient procedures, 7,704 outpatient surgeries, and its emergency department had 47,208 visits.
It has several branches and smaller clinics in other cities in the country.
It has 250 beds and a 10-storey Medical Tower Building that houses more than 130 active members of medical staff in varied specialties and sub-specialties.
The hospital is operated by the Prairie North Health Region but also serves the Alberta community under contract to Alberta Health Services.
It was merged with GCH to form the new Gulf Coast Medical Center in Fort Myers in March 2009, leaving the old SWFRMC building unused.
Barts Health NHS Trust is an NHS Trust operating in the City of London and East London.
It employs more than 4,000 health care professionals and support staff.
The hospital hosts the largest and oldest gender identity clinic in the country, with 150 operations performed annually.
Health services in primary, secondary and tertiary care are offered to adult and neonatal patients.
Rockyview General Hospital is a large hospital.
In 1928, Henrietta Egleston Hospital for Children opened in the Old Fourth Ward east of downtown Atlanta at 640 Forrest Avenue.
The hospital itself is also surrounded by Cylburn and Lanier Avenues.
Charitable funding is provided by the Bassano and District Health Foundation.
The hospital radio station, Radio Wey started broadcasting to patients and staff from St. Peters in 1965 and continues to the present day.
The hospital has a PALS office based on site, the Hillingdon Consulting Rooms for private patients, and its own hospital radio station, staffed by volunteers.
As of 2010 it had 425 beds.
The hospital is also affiliated with the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, which opened in September 1968.
Shaukat Khanum Memorial Cancer Hospital and Research Centre is a chain of research-oriented tertiary level oncology hospitals located in Lahore and Peshawar in Pakistan.
It is now reconstructed with the help of the Government of Japan JICA .
In the year 2015, Memorial Medical Center had 24,469 admissions, 65,821 emergency room visits, and 19,973 surgical procedures.
The University Hospital of Bern, located in Bern, is one of the five university hospitals of Switzerland.
Nearby, at 1120 Carlton Avenue, Suite 1300, is the hospital Neurodiagnostic and Sleep Center.
Founded in 1926, Grandview Medical Center is a part of the Kettering Health Network.
Kaohsiung Medical University Chung-Ho Memorial Hospital, also known as Kaohsiung Medical University Hospital, is a teaching hospital in Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
The hospital contains the only trauma centre in New South Wales outside the Sydney Metropolitan Area, and has the busiest emergency department in the state.
It is situated on Anlaby Road, just outside the city centre, and is run by Hull and East Yorkshire Hospitals NHS Trust.
It exclusively serves the patients with ear, nose or throat diseases across the state of Telangana.
The American Heart Institute is the first private hospital to provide non-invasive and invasive cardiology interventions and the entire spectrum of adult Cardiothoracic surgery in Cyprus.
The Hospital has many specialty centers, including:
The hospital was originally one of the best of Latin America and in 1915 grew to 1,500 hospital inpatients.
National Center for Spinal Disorders is located in the 12th District of Budapest on Királyhágó Street.
Umlamli Hospital Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital for the Senqu Local Municipality area in Sterkspruit, Eastern Cape in South Africa.
Auburn Hospital is health facility on the eastern border of Sydney West Area Health Service.
Danbury Hospital is a 371-bed hospital in Danbury, Connecticut serving patients in Fairfield County, Connecticut, as well as Westchester County and Putnam County, New York.
It serves people from every district of Nepal, from the remote villages as well as from the Kathmandu valley.
Jose Pearson TB Hospital is a specialised Provincial government funded TB hospital situated outside Port Elizabeth in South Africa.
By 1987 these plans had been dropped.
The hospital is sometimes called Kalmunai South Base Hospital or Kalmunai South Hospital.
In 2012, it explored an affiliation with Dignity Health, with the later stopping negotiations in October 2012 over some resistance to the plan.
The Royal Family of Brunei built a Royal Suite in the hospital for their own use.
It is also a major centre for medical research and part of both the UCLH/UCL Biomedical Research Centre and the UCL Partners academic health science centre.
Valley Presbyterian is one of the largest acute care hospitals in central San Fernando Valley.
Palomar Medical Center Escondido is a hospital located in Escondido, California.
In 2014, Novant Health provided more than $639 million in community benefit, including charity care and services.
As an Advanced Primary Stroke Center by the Joint Commission.
In the 1960s, when that building was deemed too small, a wing was added to accommodate the growing need for comprehensive medical care.
As of 2010 it had 111 beds.
Legacy Meridian Park Medical Center, formerly Legacy Meridian Park Hospital, is an acute care hospital in Tualatin, Oregon, United States.
Mission Health has seven Centers of Excellence: Cancer, Heart, Neurosciences, Orthopedics, Trauma, Women’s Health and Mission Children’s Hospital, the region’s only children’s hospital.
As a branch of the Children's Health system, Children's Medical Center Plano offers care to families across North Texas and beyond in more than 25 specialties.
More than once in recent years the hospital has had to deal with a major influx of patients wounded in civil disturbances.
St. Charles Parish Hospital is a hospital in Luling, Louisiana.
It is Iowa's only comprehensive, tertiary-level center and also its premier medical facility.
Mayday Hills Hospital closed in 1995 after 128 years of operation.
The hospital has 700 board-certified physicians specializing in 90 specialties on its medical staff.
The building ceased to be used in 1982, when services were transferred to the newly opened Arrowe Park Hospital.
West Park Hospital is a modern NHS adult psychiatric hospital in Darlington, County Durham.
Interpines was founded in 1890 by F. W. Seward Sr. and subsequently directed by his son until closing in 1959.
Vancouver Coastal Health is responsible for all operations at Vancouver General Hospital.
The Eye Institute is located at Froedtert Hospital and manages all serious types of eye conditions.
It is located in the heart of Korangi, one of the densely populated areas in Karachi with a population of around 18 million.
It is affiliated with Hoboken University Medical Center and the Bayonne Medical Center.
The first MGH was built at the corner of Craig Street and St. Lawrence Boulevard and only had 24 beds.
Inspira Health Network is a charitable nonprofit health care organization formed in November 2012 by the merger of South Jersey Healthcare and Underwood-Memorial Hospital.
The Women's and Children's Hospital is located on King William Road in North Adelaide, Australia.
Dignity Health-California Hospital Medical Center is located in the South Park district of downtown Los Angeles, California at 1401 S. Grand Avenue.
It is the referral hospital for the districts of Kalangala District, Lyantonde, Masaka and Sembabule, Kalungu, Lwengo, Bukomansimbi and Rakai.
Its advantage in medical care, teaching and researching made it become the Fourth Medical College of Peking University.
This was the third venture of the group in Kerala, after the Malabar Institute of Medical Sciences and DM Wayanad Institute of Medical Sciences.
Those patients from the hospital for leprosy, which was located in Hei Ling Chau and closed in 1974, were sent to the reconstructed hospital.
During the period between September 1939 and June 1946 two thousand babies were born here.
Hôpital Universitaire Justinien began as a hospice in 1890 and was later transformed into a hospital in 1920 during the United States occupation of Haiti.
The center is notable for performing advanced adult stem cell transplantation operations, such as biologic joint replacement and preservation procedures.
There are 24 operating theatres across two sites.
Parkland started in 1983 in southern New Hampshire.
In 1968 the Foundation held a capital campaign, which was capped by a major gift from philanthropist Paul D. Perkins whose daughter—Mary Bird—had recently died.
Metro Health Hospital is a LEED certified hospital located in Wyoming, Michigan off of M-6 near U.S. Route 131.
On January 12, 1833, the Worcester Insane Asylum opened.
It was then known as Glendale Sanitarium, and it occupied the former Glendale Hotel, a 75-room Victorian structure on what is now Broadway Avenue.
St Patrick's Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Bizana in the Alfred Nzo District of the Eastern Cape Province of South Africa.
There were four beds and one operating room.
The RNH began in 1841 in a matshed on the site of the Wellington Barracks on Hong Kong Island.
Erdoğan Hospital, also known as the Digfer Hospital and the Somalia-Turkey Training and Research Hospital, is a hospital in Mogadishu, Somalia.
Established in 1954 as Doctors' Hospital, the hospital moved to its current location in 1961 and has 143 licensed beds at its 243,000-square-foot facility.
Hamidia Hospital is a multispeciality tertiary care teaching hospital in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh, India.
The exact location is on Ashok Rajpath which is home to many other notable colleges of Patna University.
Opened in 2006, it is run by the Macau University of Science and Technology Foundation.
Passavant has approximately 900 employees and a 70 physician medical staff, making it the largest employer in Jacksonville.
Lady Ridgeway Hospital serves as the national referral center for pediatric care for Sri Lanka.
The new unit opened in July 2015 and will treat patients who need extra time or services to recover from surgery and other procedures.
The hospital was founded in 1843, and has been at its current location since 1973.
It is affiliated with the Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine, the University of Hong Kong, providing clinical attachment opportunities for its medical students.
VHHSC employs 9500 staff and utilizes 1000 volunteers.
It is also home to one of four major trauma centres and one of eight hyper-acute stroke units for London.
The Spaulding Rehabilitation Hospital Cape Cod is a rehabilitation hospital located in Sandwich, Massachusetts that serves both Cape Cod and the Islands.
An affiliate of the Stony Brook Medicine, Southampton Hospital is a New York State-designated Stroke Center.
The hospital is colloquially known as 'Hill-top Hospital　山頂醫院' by the majority of local people.
NYU Langone Medical Center also operates over thirty ambulatory facilities in Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens and Long Island.
Alice Ho Miu Ling Nethersole Hospital is an acute general hospital managed under the New Territories East Cluster of the Hospital Authority in Hong Kong.
Hoima Regional Referral Hospital, commonly known as Hoima Hospital, is a hospital in the town of Hoima in Hoima District in the Western Region of Uganda.
Hospital Pharmacy Fyn is located at the university hospital.
The hospital employs 300 attending physicians and over 400 fellows and residents.
The hospital also includes a therapeutic garden and health track for convalescent patients.
The hospital is sometimes called Kilinochchi District General Hospital.
Demolition and site development contractor Testa Corp won the bid to begin destruction of the area, as indicated by a sign recently erected at the entrance.
It is managed by Southern Health NHS Foundation Trust based in Calmore, Southampton.
A wide variety of activities are encouraged at the centre, including painting, exercise, music and gardening.
It consists of 209 beds, 59 intensive care beds and 8 operating rooms.
Hospital activities include internal specialties, including cardiac, neurological, gastrointestinal and kidney.
Established in 1887, SJMC was the first hospital in Houston.
The current facility was opened in 1994.
The hospital has around 1,300 beds and most general tertiary care such as accident and emergency, maternity services and care for older people and children.
Stanford Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation residents learn acute care of patients with catastrophic neurological injuries through consultation in the Rehabilitation Trauma Center.
PeaceHealth Sacred Heart Medical Center at RiverBend is a 388-bed regional medical center.
It is affiliated with Tufts University School of Medicine and Harvard Medical School.
It is a centre for patient care, research and teaching, and patients with all types of cancer can be treated there.
Aria Health operates several residency training programs for osteopathic physicians.
It has a state of the art imaging centre and radiation oncology unit.
While the out-patient department in the hospital is for patients with mild psychiatric disorders, patients with severe mental illness are admitted in the hospital.
It is located on Sherbrooke Street East is the borough of Ville-Marie opposite La Fontaine Park.
It is operated by Nova Scotia Health Authority.
Jubilee Hospital, Huntly, Aberdeenshire, Scotland is a small hospital.
It's considered to be the best hospital in Russia and one of the best hospitals in the world.
Carle Foundation Hospital, is a 393-bed regional care hospital in Urbana, Illinois, USA, that has achieved Magnet designation.
Furness General Hospital is a hospital located in the Hawcoat area of Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria, England.
Hundreds more patients suffered nonfatal adverse reactions from this drug.
It is a physician-owned hospital and it is accredited by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations.
Clinical services are provided at Monash Medical Centre, Clayton, Dandenong Hospital and Casey Hospital.
The long term strategic plan of the Kulliyyah of Medicine is to establish its own teaching hospital with Islam as its foundation.
The hospital serves a population of around 450,000 in Liberia and neighbouring countries.
University Hospital is a fully private hospital receiving no local or state funding.
It is one of the hospitals owned and operated by Medical Doctors Inc., a subsidiary of Metro Pacific Investments Corporation.
The Maudsley is the largest mental health training institution in the UK.
The hospital is named after Gangalal Shrestha.
Steven Flanagan is the current Chairman of Rehabilitation Medicine and Medical Director of The Rusk Institute.
The hospital's exterior has extensive visible pipes, which give the building an industrial appearance reminiscent of an oil refinery.
The hospital's Executive Director is Dennis Connors.
69.0% of admissions were made via the accident and emergency department or 12,114 patients.
It is one of the three major health care systems in Cleveland, Ohio, along with Cleveland Clinic and University Hospitals of Cleveland.
"Hôtel-dieu," literally "hostel of God," is an archaic French term for hospital, referring to the origins of hospitals as religious institutions.
Health Science Scotland, formerly the Scottish Academic Health Science Collaboration, is the national academic health science centre of Scotland.
Beaumont Hospital is a large, public academic teaching and voluntary hospital located in Beaumont, Dublin, Ireland.
Queen Mary's Hospital, Sidcup is an acute district general hospital situated in Sidcup, South East London, serving the population of the London Borough of Bexley.
The Aga Khan Maternal & Child Care Centre is a hospital located in Hyderabad, Sindh, Pakistan.
Oklahoma legislators have appropriated $40 million in funding towards improving the hospital's technology and facilities.
It provides a full range of emergency and elective medical services, including maternity services, to the local area.
The EMMS Nazareth Hospital, also known as Scottish Hospital and English Hospital, is the general hospital of the city of Nazareth, Israel.
It closed on 24 November 2015 following the opening of the Midland Health Campus.
The MetroHealth System is a nationally ranked non-profit, public health care system located in Cleveland, Ohio.
Almost 3000 babies are born every year in the obstetrics department.
Some parts of the Hospital are classified as a category A building and is also deemed at risk.
It is one of two general hospitals operated by Medford-based Hallmark Health System.
It offers surgical, women's and emergency services, as well as cancer and respiratory care.
The hospital is currently run by NHS Fife.
The hospital grounds now form part of Humber College's Lakeshore Campus.
The Hospital of St Nicholas was a medieval hospital for travellers, which gave its name to Hospital Street in the English town of Nantwich in Cheshire.
In September 2013 it was proposed that the Trust should take over Heatherwood and Wexham Park Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust
Established by the former London Missionary Society in 1887, it was the first teaching hospital in Hong Kong to train local Chinese in western medical science.
It is owned and operated by the Free Presbyterian Church of Scotland and largely funded by the Dutch 'Mbuma Mission Foundation'.
S.S. Gida Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital for the Amahlathi Local Municipality area in Keiskammahoek, Eastern Cape in South Africa.
The centre is registered as one of the largest hospitals in the world and has the ability to treat up to 1,000 patients at any time.
Over 7.6 million USD was provided by the companies and the Ministry of Health was responsible for interior decoration, equipment and staff.
With the help of Vincent de Paul, it was finally opened as an orphanage in 1642.
The hospital was founded in 1913 as The Recovery Clinic.
Its airport, Aeropuerto Internacional Camilo Daza, offers flights to several Colombian cities as well as to Panama City.
Surgery for adults covers the full range of orthopaedic surgeries, neurosurgery relative to the spine and podiatric surgery.
Masaka Regional Referral Hospital, commonly known as Masaka Hospital is a hospital in the city of Masaka, in south-central Uganda.
St. Boniface Hospital is a tertiary health care facility, employing nearly 700 doctors and around 1,500 nurses.
It was replaced by the new Queen Elizabeth Hospital, nearby.
A critical access hospital, its services include a level IV trauma center.
This means it is promoting itself in foreign countries, where the cost of performing many medical procedures is very costly.
Seamen's Hospital was originally opened by Dr Peter Young, a surgeon of the Honourable East India Company in 1843 during the First Opium War.
The Children's Health System also includes Children's Medical Center Dallas, as well as seven specialty centers and 19 pediatric primary care offices located throughout North Texas.
The International Hospital of Bahrain is one of the major hospitals in the Kingdom of Bahrain and the first private medical center in the kingdom.
The hospital system includes the hospital proper and a building more than a block north, at 1930 Highway 441N, that houses a workers' compensation clinic.
In 2011, it catered to one hundred patients, though this figure is reportedly due to be reduced by 10% in 2012.
The Martin University Hospital is a Slovak public university hospital located in the Martin municipality, in the county of Zilina, north-east of the Slovak capital Bratislava.
Limbe Provincial Hospital is a 200-bed hospital in the Southwest Province of Cameroon and is the principal referral hospital for the region.
1.7584 billion term loan facilities | www.crisil.com/ratings/viewInstdetails.jsp?code=VHPLTD&ID=1
Riverview Medical Center provides assisted living nursing home care and home care.
This title emphasised its function as a place of detention rather than a hospital which provided treatment for mentally ill people who could be cured.
In 2017, Lourdes was granted a three-year/full accreditation designation by the National Accreditation Program for Breast Centers.
The hospital also performs the most knee replacement surgeries of any hospital in the United States.
It is also the Tertiary Care Teaching Hospital of University of Medicine 1, Yangon, the Yangon Institute of Nursing, and the University of Paramedical Science, Yangon.
The emergency department is one of the busiest in Massachusetts, providing emergency services to more than 84,000 patients on an annual basis.
This hospital was established in May 2011, from the merger of two hospitals, Nagoya City Jouhoku Hospital and Nagoya City Jousai Hospital.
The hospital itself is very large, and contains a rather sizable Veterans Affairs Office for former military members who are in need of medical treatment.
The two Daniel Freeman hospitals were acquired in 2001 by Tenet Healthcare.
The medical center is the largest employer in Napa County.
The Lexington Veterans Affairs Medical Center is a fully accredited, two-division, tertiary care medical center with an operating bed complement of 199 hospital beds.
It opened on June 23, 1989, under the name Seoul Jungang Hospital, and was renamed Asan Medical Center on April 27, 2002.
They could not stay home and get radiation therapy.
In 1940, John Bailey Shelton, a Coventry archaeologist discovered encaustic tiles typical of those found in a chapel.
The site was officially opened in 1984.
Caithness General Hospital is a rural general hospital operated by NHS Highland, located in Wick, Caithness, Scotland.
It also serves neighbouring cities on the south shore of Montreal.
This Act came into operation in 1905.
The National Defence Medical Centre(NDMC) was the national and largest hospital of the Canadian Forces in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
The hospitals were renamed according to their location and were referred to as the Finch, Keele and Church sites, respectively.
Martin University Hospital has 900 beds in total including all sectors.
This location lies approximately360 kilometres, by road, southwest of Kampala, the capital of Uganda and the largest city in that country.
Cossham Memorial Hospital is a community hospital, founded in 1907, in Hillfields, Bristol, near Kingswood, South Gloucestershire, England.
Ranken Jordan has built a unique, free-standing 34-bed state-of-the-art facility, which was financed on donations and private investment.
Methodist physicians and staff performed the first open-heart surgery in Indiana in 1965.
It was located at 362 51st Street, between 3rd and 4th avenues, and was absorbed by Lutheran Medical Center during the 1980s.
Canterbury Hospital is one of many hospitals in a network under the management of Sydney Local Health District.
The name Wishard Memorial Hospital was selected to honor Dr. William N. Wishard, a leading physician in Indianapolis.
The hospital was located on Ross Avenue until 1906 when a new building was erected at Preston Avenue and Arlington Street.
Mercy was re-designated as Magnet in 2009.
It was inaugurated on 14 April 1939 by the then British governor Richard Palmer.
However other services such as non-acute Rehabilitation, Renal Medicine, Rheumatology and Elective Orthopaedics are provided at the Merlin Park University Hospital site.
It has an Accident & Emergency department, an intensive care unit, an Oncology and Haematology day unit, and a day case unit.
Melrose-Wakefield Hospital is a 234-bed non-profit hospital located in Melrose, Massachusetts.
Broadgreen Hospital also contains Liverpool's only broadcasting hospital radio service.
Ground-breaking for the project was held three years earlier, in 2007.
When he continued to become sicker he returned to the hospital, where his Ebola was correctly diagnosed, but he died of the disease.
The 19 story, 631 bed Level I Trauma Center is located at 2201 Hempstead Turnpike, East Meadow, NY.
The asylum was surrounded by almost 106 hectares of farmland, making the hospital self-sufficient with its own piggery, orchards, kitchen gardens, fields, stables and barn.
In 1972 the new single storey Abbey block opened.
Currently the hospital comprises 113 inpatient beds.
WestPark Medical Park, which includes numerous offices for physicians, medical specialists, pharmacies, physical therapists, and other medical and health-related fields also serves the hospital.
It is controlled by the provincial government in Jaffna.
King Abdulaziz Medical City in Riyadh was established by a royal decree in May 1983.
The hospital later developed maternity and gynaecology services before being incorporated into the National Health Service in 1948, and finally closed in 1952.
The Auckland City Hospital is one of the largest hospitals in New Zealand, as well as one of the oldest medical facilities of the country.
Larkin Community Hospital is a participating member of the American Hospital Associations of Hospital Quality Alliance.
The Chichester Treatment Centre was recently opened which treats patients on a day care basis.
Sunnyside Hospital was the first mental asylum to be built in Christchurch, New Zealand.
Ltd. , the Hospital for Orthopaedics, Sports Medicine, Arthritis & Trauma, is a 350-bed speciality hospital in central Bangalore, India.
The Hospital admitted over 60,000 patients annually.
The hospital closed in 1993, and the site was developed for residential accommodation, although many of the original buildings remain.
ANGAU Hospital is a major hospital in Lae, Papua New Guinea.
Today the hospital is named for donors Susanne and Bill Holland.
It was created through the amalgamation of the Queen Victoria Hospital and Adelaide Children's Hospital in March 1989.
It was once very overcrowded, according to information from Parliamentary debates in 1961.
In September 2016 the Campus was renamed for one of the Hospital and the University's greatest benefactors, Herbert and Florence Irving.
Kincardine O'Neil Hospital was founded in the 13th century in the village of Kincardine O'Neil in Scotland.
The Outpatient Consultation Department's 150 physicians cover every major medical and surgical specialty.
The hospital is a campus of the Ventura County Medical Center.
The hospital has 21 general hospital beds.
Ysbyty’r tri Chwm is a community hospital in Ebbw Vale, Blaenau Gwent, Wales, catering for the mental health needs of people over 65.
Fundraising for the hospital, including well-attended benefit festivals, started in 1998, with a target date for opening of December 2003.
Eagle Ridge Hospital opened its doors in 1984 and operates a 24-hour emergency department, ambulatory, long-term care and acute care programs.
DHS continued to operate the Eastern Oregon Training Center in Pendleton until October 2009.
The hospital started operations on 20 May 1959 and merged with Changi Hospital to form the current Changi General Hospital located in Simei.
It moved to its current location in 1955.
AtlantiCare also offers Atlantic City's only cancer institute, heart institute, and neonatal intensive care unit.
It is the largest hospital in the state of Indiana and one of only three regional Level I Trauma Centers in the state.
It is an acute care community hospital and provides services to the following area of Kent County:
A satellite renal dialysis unit has also been built at the site.
In 2004, a child care unit was opened.
Following the refurbishment this ward filled with patients who moved across from the Montfield Hospital.
Bowral and District Hospital is an acute care public hospital servicing the Southern Highlands region in New South Wales, Australia.
A large portion of the $12 million was donated by the Hoops Family Foundation.
This facility became a specialty services hospital but retains an emergency department.
The change failed to occur on the planned October 1, 2011.
The hospital was opened in 1889 as The Barnes Isolation Hospital.
It began its life as a workhouse infirmary.
In 2011, 9,136 patients were admitted, 53,056 emergency room visits were made, and 1,188 babies were delivered.
It is also known to care for an above-average share of expecting mothers, staff generally delivering over 20 babies per day.
It is the primary teaching hospital for students enrolled in Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine.
Iloilo Mission Hospital is accredited also for residency training program in Internal Medicine, Pediatrics, Obstetrics and Gynecology and with Family Medicine and Surgery.
Dayton Children's Hospital is also partnered with Kohl's a Minute for Kids.
TMMC Cancer Centeris a specialized cancer hospital and also the first medical center of Excellence of this type in Vietnam.
It originally operated under University Hospital before changing names to Carolinas Medical Center-University.
The hospital is a subsidiary of Sparrow Health System, and is affiliated with the Colleges of Human Medicine and Osteopathic Medicine at nearby Michigan State University.
The hospital is currently led by Chief Tin Tin Moe.
It is the largest medical center in the southern region of the country, and the third largest in Israel with 1,063 beds.
The hospital is accredited by the American Osteopathic Association and Healthcare Facilities Accreditation Program.
The new logo color aubergine represented "excellence" and "warmth."
Fairfield Hospital in Fairfield Park, Bedfordshire, England was a psychiatric hospital from 1860 to 1999.
Legacy Mount Hood Medical Center is a hospital in Gresham in the U.S. state of Oregon.
The hospital is situated on Euxton lane in Chorley close to junction 8 of the M61
The Hospital is one of the largest hospitals in the city of Shenyang, Liaoning Province.
It is consistently rated one of the top hospitals in the United States by U.S. News & World Report.
Local GPs reported the service had improved the overall health and wellbeing of their patients and reduced the number of medically unnecessary GP visits.
The Robert Jones and Agnes Hunt Orthopaedic Hospital in Oswestry, Shropshire, England is a specialist orthopaedic hospital which provides elective orthopaedic surgery.
It was previously named as Oulu University Central Hospital.
The name was changed in 2004, when the hospital was transferred to the Centinela Freeman HealthSystem.
It admits more than 30,000 patients per year.
The Ospital ng Maynila Medical Center is a 300-bed non-profit tertiary, general and training hospital in Malate, Manila, Philippines.
Monklands District General Hospital, is a district general hospital in Airdrie, North Lanarkshire, Scotland.
It was accredited by JCI in 2014.
Rikshospitalet Station is served by lines 17 and 18.
Ford's Hospital was a similar 16th century foundation for women almoners.
It is the largest acute inpatient and rehabilitation hospital for psychiatric patients in the City.
HKCH is a member of the Hong Kong Private Hospitals Association.
It is a Christian minority institution established and administered by the Devamatha Province of the Carmelites of Mary Immaculate, an indigenous religious congregation founded in 1831.
St. Paul's Hospital is an acute care hospital located in downtown Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
It is located on 30th Street, between 74th and 77th Streets in Chanayethazan Township.
Initially known as the 'accident hospital', later it was in the news as a centre for knee transplantation procedures.
The William Harvey Hospital is a hospital in Willesborough, Ashford, Kent, England.
Part of the site is now derelict and is to be redeveloped for housing.
There are 675 beds, 110 wards and 26 operating theatres at the Royal London Hospital.
The hospital primarily treats patients from Cork and Kerry which have a combined population of more than 620,000.
Port Elizabeth Provincial Hospital is a large Provincial government funded hospital situated in central Port Elizabeth in South Africa.
The hospital is accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities.
Emma Pendleton Bradley Hospital, commonly known as Bradley Hospital, is a non-profit hospital in East Providence, Rhode Island, in the Riverside neighborhood.
Since its establishment in 1930, the hospital has grown from a small regional hospital to a world-renowned academic medical center.
MD Anderson is the largest and one of the foremost cancer centers in the world.
In 2008, they broke ground on the ten story addition, the John T. O'Connell Tower.
The buildings are largely original Victorian with a modern ward for inpatients.
There have been further issues with the hospital involving unsanitary conditions.
Porter Adventist Hospital is a 368-bed acute care hospital located in the University of Denver/Harvard Park area of Denver, Colorado.
Kimmeridge Court is on the same site but is a separate unit for eating disorders.
Children's National is ranked among the best pediatric hospitals in the United States by U.S. News & World Report and The Leapfrog Group.
Its main facility is in Terre Haute, Indiana.
In the most recent year with available data, Mercy Medical Center had 45,870 emergency room visits, 7,180 admissions, 1,679 inpatient surgeries, and 584 outpatient surgeries.
The facility was moved to a site in Kowloon.
It is also 5 minutes walk and located near Silver Street Station.
Other specialties include geriatrics, orthopedics, rheumatology, urology, heart care and digestive diseases.
KHCC treats over 3500 new cancer patients every year from Jordan and the region.
It is the regional centre of excellence for maternity care with around 5,000 babies born there each year.
Allied Hospital serves as the primary teaching hospital of Punjab Medical College.
The hospital's owner is said to be a consultant cardiologist at the University of Port Harcourt Teaching Hospital.
Mthatha General Hospital is a large Provincial government funded hospital situated in central Mthatha in South Africa.
Birmingham General Hospital was a teaching hospital in Birmingham, England, founded in 1779.
Emergency Department staff at North Shore see more than 60,000 cases each year.
The Royal Gwent Hospital is the principal hospital in the city of Newport.
The hospital became a part of Hamilton Health Sciences in 2008.
The Echocardiography and Vascular labs are Intersocietal Accreditation Commission accredited.
In 2008, the hospital served 9,976 out-patients, and 4,304 in-patients, with an average stay of 5.4 nights.
It has 500 beds, employs over 2000 health care professionals, technical and support staff, and offers the most comprehensive medical services outside Belfast in Northern Ireland.
Sky Lakes Medical Center is a 176-bed hospital located in Klamath Falls, Oregon, United States.
Nebraska Orthopaedic Hospital is the region's first hospital dedicated to the complete care and treatment of the orthopaedic patient.
It sits between Southall town to the west and Hanwell to the east.
It also runs the ambulance service with fifteen bases.
Around the perimeter there was originally accommodation for a Mother and six Sisters.
Voters also authorized the construction of the current facility and the hospital was renamed R.E.
The hospital dates back to the 1830s.
It is the oldest charitable institution in the United Kingdom.
It is currently located on Hawkesbury Road in Westmead and is affiliated with the University of Sydney.
In 2008, the hospital served 4,887 out-patients, and 1,014 in-patients, with an average stay of 7.9 nights.
The Royal Glamorgan Hospital, is a District General Hospital in Ynysmaerdy, Talbot Green, near Llantrisant, Rhondda Cynon Taf, South Wales.
Tranquille Sanatorium was built in 1907 to treat tuberculosis.
The Hospital of St John and St Elizabeth in St John's Wood, London, England, is one of the United Kingdom's largest independent charitable hospitals.
Alta View Hospital is located in Sandy, Utah, United States, and is an Intermountain Healthcare member hospital.
Founded in 1955 as Bronx Municipal Hospital Center, the hospital opened concurrent with the opening of the Albert Einstein College of Medicine.
The latter makes JCC a tertiary care centre for Ontario.
Eisenhower Urgent Cares are on a strictly walk in basis that treat minor cases and non-emergency issues.
The hospital costs about $2 million a day to run, and there is no cost to be treated.
Thomason General Hospital after former El Paso Mayor, U.S.
The Queen's Medical Center, originally named and still commonly referred to as Queen's Hospital, is the largest private non-profit hospital in Honolulu, Hawaii.
It closed in 2008, and underwent residential conversion that began prior to the hospital's closure.
It is affiliated with the University of Missouri School of Medicine.
Her daughter, Lady Anne Clifford, added the front range which provided accommodation for local widows of little means.
It is located just off Highway 99 by taking the Calvine Road/Consumnes River Boulevard exit 289.
Saint Mary's Regional Medical Center is a for-profit hospital in Reno, Nevada.
Rutland Regional is licensed for 133 beds and employs over 1,600 professional and support staff, including 289 providers trained in 37 specialty areas.
Charing Cross Hospital is an acute general teaching hospital located in Hammersmith, London, United Kingdom.
It is the largest hospital campus in Europe.
The hospital was started by expatriate Somalis based in North America.
The hospital's building has changed its purpose several times.
Cumberland Infirmary is a hospital in Carlisle, Cumbria England.
Changi Hospital is a former hospital located in Changi, Singapore.
In 1989, the RITM Center for Training in Tropical Infectious Diseases was established.
The funding for the Seamen's Hospital came from HMS Melville, which was sold for HK$35,000, after which the proceeds were used to establish the shore facilities.
It is the teaching hospital for Kaohsiung Medical University.
Mercy Medical Center uses the electronic health record MEDITECH.
It was established by Statute in September 1962 and is part of University of Malaya.
Abrazo Maryvale Campus formerly Maryvale Hospital Medical Center and is an acute care hospital located in Phoenix, Arizona and provides, 24-hour emergency care.
CIWEC is well known in the expatriate community to provide excellent medical care.
Sir Ivan Stedeford Hospital is a modern multi-speciality hospital in Ambattur, Chennai, India.
Bishop Walter de Suffield founded St. Giles's Hospital, as the hospital was originally known, in 1249.
The hospital was established in 1867 and is a part of Reading Health System.
Scunthorpe General Hospital is the main hospital for North Lincolnshire.
In 2008, AMC received the top prize in the 2008 Social Contribution Corporate Awards.
In 2008, the hospital served 11,580 out-patients, and 2,240 in-patients, with an average stay of 9.0 nights.
It is ranked third among all Honor Roll hospitals in the 2016 U.S. News & World Report survey of best children's hospitals.
Minto Ophthalmic Hospital,, was established in 1913, making it one of the oldest specialty eye hospitals in the world.
Founded in 1958, the hospital serves the Southern Sequoia region of California’s Central Valley.
The National Skin Centre is a subsidiary of the Health Corporation of Singapore Private Limited that is owned by the Ministry of Health.
With campuses located at Parnassus Heights, Mount Zion and Mission Bay, UCSF Medical Center is affiliated with the University of California, San Francisco.
Lima Memorial Health System was founded in 1899 as Lima City Hospital by the citizens of the Lima, Ohio community.
Annual visits number 230,000 patients, including 40,000 in-patients, and 18,000 surgical procedures.
The hospitals are major teaching centres for the University of Nottingham medical school including the graduate entry medical school.
Burke provides inpatient and outpatient rehabilitation to patients with a broad range of neurological, musculoskeletal, cardiac and pulmonary disabilities caused by disease or injury.
The Vancouver Coastal Health Authority is responsible for Richmond Health Services and Richmond Hospital.
It is a teaching hospital servicing the University of Tasmania.
Founded in 1875 as St. Mark's Home and Hospital, the current Butterworth Hospital is a subsidiary of Spectrum Health.
Dr. Mohan’s Diabetes Specialities Centre is a diabetes speciality hospital chain headquartered in Chennai, Tamil Nadu.
Six Urgent Care Centers and facilities that offer primary care, sports medicine, rehabilitation and surgical services
Rikshospitalet is a part of Southern and Eastern Norway Regional Health Authority, and is affiliated with the University of Oslo.
Mercy Medical Center is the only hospital in Douglas County, Oregon, and has been since 2000.
The Medical Center ranks as the sixth-largest hospital complex in Israel.
The cornerstone for the new hospital was laid on 18 August 1859 by the Cape Governor Sir George Grey.
An affiliation with the Baltimore Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat Hospital began in 1965.
Hackensack University Medical Center is Bergen County's largest employer with a work force of around 9,000 employees and an annual budget of $1 billion.
Located on the premises, the Aga Khan Diagnostic and Day Surgery Centre, Karimabad complements the hospital with easily accessible diagnostic and surgical services.
Mercy Medical Center is known for its tradition of holistic health care.
Immediately adjacent to MedStar Washington Hospital Center are the National Rehabilitation Hospital and the central branch of Children's National Medical Center.
Pascack Valley Hospital is a former 291-bed hospital, located at 250 Old Hook Road, Westwood, New Jersey.
It was founded in 1915 as Enid Government Springs Sanatorium by Dr. G.A.
It was the base on which the Mukden Medical College was formed, also by Christie, in 1912.
Interfaith is also a teaching hospital, with four graduate medical education residency programs, and fellowship programs in Pulmonary Medicine, Cardiology and Gastroenterology.
The Lutheran Hospital of Indiana, commonly known as Lutheran Hospital, is a medical facility in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
LPH is owned and operated by Prime Healthcare Services, a hospital management company located in Victorville.
The hospital, which provides 454 beds, is on Town Center Drive and is located in the village of The Crossings in Summerlin, Nevada.
As a teaching facility, Largo Medical Center operates a number of osteopathic residency programs.
Adjacent to that hospital, India began con construction of another 100-bed hospital.
The Assistant Director is Doctor Smiljka Popović Deušić.
It has 12,934 public and 2,322 staff members across Harrogate and District, who are actively involved in running the hospital and maintaining performance.
An average 60 patients per day are admitted for trauma or elective treatment, making it one of the busiest general Hospitals in the country.
The Hôtel-Dieu de Montréal is the first hospital established in North America, and the oldest hospital in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Established in 1952, the Aga Khan Hospital in Kisumu is a 76-bed acute care facility.
Kettering General Hospital is a NHS hospital in Kettering, Northamptonshire, England.
Howard is classified as a Tier 1 national university and ranks second among HBCUs by U.S. News & World Report.
Ellen's Glen House is a Community Hospital in Edinburgh, Scotland.
Concord Repatriation General Hospital, commonly referred to as simply Concord Hospital, is a major hospital in Sydney, Australia, located on Hospital Road in Concord.
It is run by a board of trustees.
According to the Waltham Land Trust and The Boston Globe, the grounds of the Gaebler Center are currently being considered for redevelopment.
Previously, the two were officially a single organization and were known as the Children's & Women's Health Centre of British Columbia.
The hospital reported in January 2015 that ten patients had been burned during surgeries due to unfiltered halogen lights in the operating room.
Administrators say the facility will open in January 2018.
The Westover Air Force Base Hospital is a former hospital at Westover Air Force Base.
The hospital delivers heart disease and health care services to people of Pakistan Armed Forces and fellow citizens of Pakistan.
Okinawa Airakuen Sanatorium, is a sanatorium for leprosy patients or ex-leprosy patients at Sumuide, Nago, Okinawa, Japan starting in 1938.
After 19 years, a committee of monks from Kyaswa Monastery decided to modernize the small facility.
University Hospital is a non-profit 581-bed private hospital located in downtown Augusta, Georgia.
Hospital Santo Tomás, is the largest Public hospital that the Panamanian Health Ministry has.
Together they formed the Cancer, Radiation and Research Foundation.
The first phase of the hospital opened in 1909 and the latest upgrade was completed in 2008.
Mease Dunedin Hospital is a hospital in Dunedin, Florida.
UNC Hospitals include the NC Memorial Hospital, NC Children's Hospital, NC Women's Hospital, NC Cancer Hospital, and the NC Neurosciences Hospital.
From 1841 on, it has participated in the training of medical students.
The hospital provides medical and surgical treatments.
It is an internationally renown centre for corneal transplantation, ocular surface disease and management of associated disorders ranging from Glaucoma to oculoplastic surgery.
In 2003, on the 120th anniversary of its founding, it restored the name as Shenjing Hospital.
The center was located on the Indiana University campus in Bloomington, Indiana, United States.
Opened in 1955, it serves the Lane County area.
It is a 388-bed tertiary hospital and is affiliated with the University of Otago.
Also in 2005, the Trust proudly unveiled the Chichester Treatment Centre for short stay surgical procedures.
It a service of Intermountain Healthcare, a nonprofit health care system serving the Intermountain West.
The Women’s and Children’s Hospital is located at the AnMed Health North Campus at 2000 E. Greenville St. in Anderson, SC.
Mount Auburn Hospital is a hospital in Cambridge, Massachusetts, affiliated with Harvard Medical School.
The hospital was run under the Royal Army Medical Corps of the British Army.
BHMRC  is a private hospital in Mumbai, India.
It is a level I trauma center and has 151 beds, 18 of which being intensive care and 60 being neonatal intensive care.
The Royal Victoria Eye and Ear Hospital is a public teaching hospital in Dublin, Ireland.
It is located in the South Cambie neighborhood of Vancouver.
The hospital has 9 beds providing medical care, rehabilitation, assessment, palliative/terminal care, convalescence and respite care.
It is the largest health care facility in East San Diego County with a service area covering 750 square miles.
City Hospital is a major hospital located in Birmingham, England, operated by the Sandwell and West Birmingham Hospitals NHS Trust.
There is a 24-hour minor injury unit.
It was established in 1985, but has since grown to 28 departments, eight colleges, and has 150 employees.
The hospital is the one of national cancer institute in Nepal entrusted with the responsibilities for diagnosis, treatment, rehabilitation, prevention and research in cancer in Nepal.
Kalongo Hospital, also known as Dr. Ambrosoli Memorial Hospital, is a hospital in Northern Uganda.
It became an official teaching site for McMaster University's Faculty of Health Sciences in 2009.
It was formally established in June 2008.
The Dr. Kariadi General Hospital Medical Center or RSUP.
NU Hospital Group also includes three smaller local hospitals in Lysekil, Strömstad and Dalsland.
The original plan to keep certain NHS facilities was superseded and the entire plot was approved for residential development.
The new hospital completed in August 2015 was named University Medical Center New Orleans.
The medical center is accredited by the American Osteopathic Association's Healthcare Facilities Accreditation Program.
Mercy has 263 beds in the Dubuque location, along with another 25 acute beds and a nursing home at the Dyersville location.
Mandalay General Hospital is a major teaching hospital in Mandalay, Myanmar, with a bed capacity of 1,000.
The facility was ranked in the top 5% of hospitals nationwide.
Loyola Medicine has made news for delivering two of the smallest babies to ever survive.
Sainte-Justine officially became a university health centre in 1995 and it has, since then, welcomed around 2500 medical students each year.
The main building of the hospital was opened in June 1966.
Odense University Hospital is the largest and most specialized hospital in Southern Denmark.
The Sydney Dental Hospital, formerly "The United Dental Hospital of Sydney" was founded in 1905 under the Dental Hospital Union Act of 1904.
The University of Ottawa Heart Institute is Canada's largest cardiovascular health centre.
The Boonshoft School of Medicine is an affiliated university situated on KMC's campus.
YNHH is the only hospital in Connecticut to be ranked in the national listings in any of the 16 medical specialties.
Its modern, functional architecture in bright concrete, glass and bronze-colored aluminum gives a unique impression.
In 2014 the CQC reported that 'All standards were being met when we inspected the service.'
The hospital saw 2,193 live births in 2008.
The Royal National Hospital for Rheumatic Diseases is a small, specialist NHS hospital in the centre of Bath.
It was established in July 1889 by Bir Shamsher Jang Bahadur Rana.
The Ladywell Unit on the premises is operated by the South London and Maudsley NHS Trust.
City hospitals are larger healthcare complexes in Turkey.
IHE offers comprehensive medical and surgical services to Oklahoma, Logan, and Lincoln counties.
Lexington Medical Center is a 428-bed modern medical complex and anchor of a comprehensive, county-wide health care network in Lexington, SC.
The hospital is located at 3830 Lacombe Avenue in the borough of Côte-des-Neiges–Notre-Dame-de-Grâce.
It is located in the downtown area, at the corner of Isabella and Huntley streets.
The hospital has a helipad in Hagley Park, 500 m to the southwest along Hagley Avenue.
Among the early trustees were actress Martha Hyer and Roy W Hill.
The health centre began as a convalescent hospital for returning World War I soldiers in 1916 and was located in Silver Heights along west Portage Avenue.
The hospital departments include an Out Patients Department, Pharmacy, Anti-Retroviral treatment for HIV/AIDS, X-Ray Services, Laundry Services, Kitchen Services and Mortuary.
It is the biggest hospital in the country with a 1,500-bed capacity.
It is named for Moses Montefiore and is one of the 50 largest employers in New York State.
It has become an Internship centre for students who had passed MBBS from China and Russia and other parts of the world.
The Hospital has 446 beds in private rooms, and underwent an extensive renovation in 2009.
Founded in 1797, Spring Grove Mental Hospital is the second oldest continuously operating psychiatric hospital in the United States.
It lies on and is incorporated into the historic hospital building and grounds of the former James Lawrence Kernan Hospital.
The main hospital campus is located in Kišpatićeva street in Maksimir, and is colloquially known as "Rebro".
An asylum could also provide wards for the temporary reception of patients as well as long term patients.
The building is located on the site of a chapel within Greyfriars Friary.
Lucile Packard Children's Hospital Stanford is a children's hospital which is part of the Stanford University system.
The hospital is a Level II trauma center as verified by the American College of Surgeons.
The institute was established in 1970 and is situated in Kankarbagh.
It began operations on 30 June 2015 after JurongHealth's move from Alexandra Hospital and was officially opened on 10 October 2015.
It is a teaching hospital affiliated with the medical school of the University of Ghana.
These five centers offer a variety of services accessible and convenient for patients.
Spectrum Health Gerber Memorial, in Fremont, Michigan, is a 25-bed acute care hospital that serves all of Newaygo County.
The hospital treats over 6,000 inpatients a year in its 90 beds, and over 80,000 outpatients, including attendances at Accident & Emergency.
Former New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg was born at St. Elizabeth's Hospital in 1942.
With more than 1,000 medical staff members, 3,900 employees and 750 volunteers, AAMC consistently receives awards for quality, patient satisfaction and innovation.
Outpatients are referred to the NeuroPsychiatric Center at Ben Taub General Hospital, or to their nearest MHMRA clinic.
The Centre hospitalier de l'Université Laval site offers extensive and specialized pediatric services.
The Meyer Children Hospital is a pediatric hospital located in Florence, Italy.
The original site on the Oxford Road is now occupied by almshouses built in 1602.
It is located on South Hanover Street along the Middle Branch of the Patapsco River in the Cherry Hill neighborhood of South Baltimore.
The North Middlesex Hospital, known locally as North Mid, is a District General Hospital in Edmonton, in the London Borough of Enfield.
Spread over an area of 74,000 sq ft, the ISO 9001:2000-certified hospital is registered under Society Act of Tamil Nadu.
It is affiliated with the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland.
In 2009, GAMC started HEALTHline, a weekly television show helping people to understand their health and health options.
The ER was recently refurbished and expanded.
It is primarily a service centre for the many farms and cattle ranches which surround it.
Hong Kong Baptist Hospital is an 800-bed  private hospital located in the Kowloon area of Hong Kong.
The medical center also runs three Community-Based Outpatient Clinics in New Bedford, Hyannis, and Middletown and the Eagle Square Annex.
It finally closed on June 30, 2009.
The hospital's chief executive officer is Jason Spring and it is managed by Quorum Health Resources.
Its location is approximately 200 kilometres from the capital, Harare.
With the addition of other medical facilities, it became known by its present name.
The Tanga Aids Working Group, a member of Eastern and Southern Africa Regional Initiative on Traditional Medicine and AIDS, is headquartered at Bombo Hospital.
Founded as St. Luke's Hospital in 1873, it was Jacksonville's first private hospital and is Florida's oldest private hospital.
Construction began in 1870 and the newly built Worcester State Hospital was completed in 1876 at the cost of well over a million dollars.
It is affiliated to the Medical School of Ribeirão Preto.
The main Victorian building is Grade II listed.
In 2008, the hospital served 110,844 out-patients, and 21,446 in-patients, with an average stay of 4.5 nights.
The Geneva University Hospitals is one of the five university hospitals of Switzerland, and the largest one in the country.
Dordrecht Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in the Emalahleni Municipality, situated in Dordrecht, Eastern Cape in South Africa.
The building complex has a 667 space multi-storey car park with a pedestrian overpass linking it to the rest of the hospital.
It is the only dedicated children's hospital in sub-Saharan Africa, and one of only a few dedicated children's hospitals in the Southern hemisphere.
The hospital is one of the department's largest hospitals, serving Harris County and 27 surrounding counties.
Santiam Hospital is a hospital in Stayton in the U.S. state of Oregon.
Sarah Rebecca Parish known as Rebecca Parrish, was an American medical missionary and physician in the Philippines.
Alberta Children's Hospital is the largest public hospital for sick children in the prairie provinces, and is located in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
Its primary facility is Beebe Medical Center, a hospital located in Lewes.
It chose to incorporate Charity Hospital into the city's new medical center in the lower Mid-City neighborhood.
This location is also approximately 46 kilometres north of Kabale, the largest city in the Kigezi sub-region.
Wakari Hospital is a psychiatric hospital located in Dunedin, New Zealand.
The Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital, also known as Maharaja Yashwant Rao Hospital or simply M. Y.
The transplant team carried out 317 transplants in 2015, the most of any centre in the UK.
Kent Hospital is a community teaching hospital located in Warwick, Rhode Island.
It is located in eastern Columbia near the interchange of Interstate 70 and U.S. 63.
It is owned and operated by Palmetto Health, the largest not-for profit hospital operator in South Carolina.
ALYN Hospital is a comprehensive rehabilitation center for physically challenged and disabled children, adolescents and young adults.
It is a 290 bed acute care hospital with a level II trauma center.
The Royal London was founded in September 1740 and was originally named the London Infirmary.
The treatment is painless, has mild side effects, and has minimal risk.
The hospital employed a number of new techniques for the treatment of mental disorders, most notably the use of baseball as a therapy.
The Prince Edward Island Hospital was predated by the Charlottetown Hospital, which was established in 1879 by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Charlottetown.
The hospital is part of UnityPoint Health.
It was designated a national key clinical hospital by the National Health and Family Planning Commission in 2011.
The Queen's Medical Centre is a teaching hospital situated in Nottingham, England.
Around this time, the NHS first began to consider the closure of Dudley Guest Hospital.
He sold it around 1865 to Francis Johnstone Mitchell.
It is part of the University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust and is closely associated with University College London.
The hospital is located in the Zhongguancun Life Science Park.
The network includes five hospitals, ElderONE/PACE and home health programs, outpatient laboratories, rehabilitation programs and surgical centers, independent and assisted living centers and skilled nursing facilities.
It opened as the Frankston Community Hospital in 1941.
The first human organ transplant was performed here in 1950 on a 44-year-old woman who suffered from polycystic kidney disease.
Parkland Memorial Hospital is a hospital located in Dallas, Texas, United States.
It offers expertise in more than 50 pediatric specialties and the highest level of trauma care in North Texas as a Level 1 Trauma Center.
It was opened in November 2011, replacing services provided by a number of smaller, older hospitals.
Singleton Hospital hosts one of the teaching centres for Swansea University School of Medicine;[1] the other teaching centre is based at the nearby Morriston Hospital.
When opened in 1992 it was considered one of the best medical centers in the Middle East.
It is the oldest hospital in Australia, dating back to 1788, and has been at its current location since 1811.
Built on the site of an earlier French hospital called L'Hospital Notre Dame de Canal, it was originally christened Ancon Hospital by the Americans.
It is located in the northeast of the country, in the eastern branch of the Colombian Andes, on the border with Venezuela.
It is operated as part of the Pennine Acute Hospitals NHS Trust.
It was named after Henry J. Kaiser's wife Bess.
The institution's name was changed in 2007 from Burdette Tomlin Memorial Hospital to Cape Regional Medical Center.
The building was demolished in 2010 to make way for the new Roseberry Park facility, with 365 inpatient beds.
According to stuff.co.nz, Kingseat Hospital is the number one haunted spot in New Zealand.
The hospital provides acute hospital care, including an Accident and Emergency service.
The Aga Khan University Hospital in Karachi, established in 1985, is the primary teaching site of the Aga Khan University’s Faculty of Health Sciences.
There are approximately 1,000 physicians on staff.
The Austen Riggs Center is a psychiatric treatment facility founded in 1913 in Stockbridge, Massachusetts.
Both hospitals fell under the West Dorset General Hospitals NHS Trust.
Cecilia Makiwane Hospital is a large, provincial, government funded hospital situated in the Mdantsane township of East London, Eastern Cape in South Africa.
This purchase joined the hospital with College Hospital Cerritos and College Hospital Costa Mesa as affiliates of College Health Enterprises.
Many of its researchers hold faculty appointments at the University of Toronto.
The hospital was closed on March 24, 2013 at 6:00 AM once the new St. Catharines Site was opened.
Magee has been rated one of America’s leading rehabilitation hospitals by U.S. News & World Report.
ACH staff consists of more than 505 physicians, 200 residents, and 4,400 support staff.
Monash Medical Centre is a teaching hospital in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
Construction began in 1976 and the hospital officially opened on 8 December 1979.
As of 1 September 2015, West Middlesex University Hospital is part of Chelsea and Westminster Hospital NHS Foundation Trust.
Bambisana Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Lusikisiki, Eastern Cape in South Africa.
SCHS also owns and operates the St. Charles Medical Center - Redmond.
Queen Elizabeth Hospital, QE or QEH in short, is a hospital at King's Park in Kowloon, Hong Kong.
It was first planned in the 1960s as a general hospital for Dudley and the surrounding area.
It's the flagship of the RMH Program.
In 1994, ground was broken for the six-floor expansion at the Essen Lane location.
The system's main hospital is located on the city's Southside, with additional outpatient facilities and primary care centers throughout central Alabama.
Broadmoor Hospital is a high-security psychiatric hospital at Crowthorne in Berkshire, England.
The Medical Center is part of the Santa Clara Valley Health and Hospital System.
For cardiology, cardiac surgery, and orthopedic surgery, it is ranked among the top 50 hospitals in the U.S..
Montfort is the only hospital in Ottawa administered in French and the only Francophone academic health care institution west of the province of Quebec.
Doctor's Hospital operates the second largest osteopathic medical training program in the United States.
The exact date for the foundation is uncertain, but it is first recorded in 1325 during the time that Bernard of Kilwinning was Abbot of Arbroath.
The hospital is funded and managed by the state government of Telangana.It is one of the largest hospitals in the state.
Together with The Miriam Hospital and Rhode Island Hospital, Newport Hospital is a member of the Lifespan health system.
The hospital is renowned as one of the nation's leaders in cardiology and cardiac surgery, oncology, transplantation and the neurosciences.
It services HIV/AIDS patients from across the whole Kwekwe District plus those from neighboring districts like Gokwe.
It is a 66-acre site located on Royal Hospital Road in Chelsea, London.
While the SWD refused to take over it, the HA then set up H.A.
The Kantonsspital St. Gallen is the main hospital of the Canton of St. Gallen and the sixth largest of Switzerland.
St. Peter’s Hospital is an NHS district general hospital in Chertsey, Surrey, England.
It later became a General Hospital and has since gained status as a "Specialist Health Institution".
Duke University Medical Center is a 938-acute care bed academic tertiary care facility located in Durham, North Carolina.
This certification is for a two year period in which Finley much collect and report on eight core measure.
The hospital is owned and run by NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde, previously NHS Argyll & Clyde.
Peninsula Hospital Center, formerly known as Peninsula General Hospital, was a community hospital in the Far Rockaway neighborhood of Queens, New York.
Royal Free London NHS Foundation Trust is an NHS foundation trust based in London, United Kingdom.
Medtral is a New Zealand based medical travel company that provides private medical care to overseas patients.
CTCA was originally headquartered in Schaumburg, Illinois.
The Calvary Private Hospital and Hyson Green Mental Health Clinic are co-located on the site and share many facilities with the public hospital.
The Cassel Hospital was founded and endowed by Ernest Cassel in England in 1919.
The Tata Memorial Hospital is situated in Parel, Mumbai, in India.
It is the main teaching hospital of the University of Pretoria along with Kalafong Hospital in Atteridgeville to west of the city centre.
The retained buildings include maternity services, the Institute of Neurological Sciences and the Langlands Unit for medicine of the elderly and rehabilitation.
It is located in the Las Vegas Valley in the town of Winchester, Nevada.
MedStar Montgomery Medical Center, formerly known as Montgomery General Hospital, is a large hospital in Olney, Maryland.
Adventist Health Bakersfield is a 254–bed facility located in Bakersfield and serving Kern County, California.
Procedures carried out at the hospital include:
Clinical Hospital Dubrava is a public teaching hospital in Zagreb, Croatia.
It also fills the function of a tertiary referral hospital for the health care region.
13 February is the birthday of Sarojini Naidu and the same is the foundation day of the hospital.
The 245-bed community hospital is located on the west side of Winnipeg.
Senior Care & Senior Living: Good Samaritan Nursing Center, Belvedere Green, Woodbourne Woods
HTAA is also used by other kulliyyahs as well as by local private learning institutions for nursing, allied health science and pharmacy students.
In 2007, the state of Oregon approved a $458 million plan to rebuild the main hospital to a downsized 620-bed facility, which was completed in 2013.
The Children's Hospital of Eastern Ontario is a major children's hospital and university teaching hospital in Ottawa, Ontario, serving Eastern Ontario and western Quebec.
It is one of the primary healthcare delivery systems in the north San Fernando Valley, especially the area's large indigent population.
St. Joseph's Medical Center is one of the largest medical facilities in Westchester County of New York.
St. Dympna's Hospital, Carlow is a public psychiatric hospital located in Carlow, Ireland.
The funding for programs and services is administered through the Winnipeg Regional Health Authority and charitable donations.
Since a few years KSMC has upgraded its status to a medical city[1]
The hospital is on the same site as the previous Fordingbridge Infirmary and prior to that the Fordingbridge Workhouse.
Its first six operating rooms were built in 1969, with two more added in 1985.
Victoria Hospital is a government run hospital affiliated with Bangalore Medical College now renamed Bangalore Medical College and Research Institute.
The Gold Coast Hospital had one of the busiest emergency departments in the state.
The hospital was founded in 1955 by the Norwegian Lutheran Mission.
The hospital houses the Stony Brook University School of Medicine.
Improvements included ambulance bays so that patients could be transferred from ambulances to the hospital without being exposed to adverse weather.
The Surgery Center at Doral is an outpatient sports medicine, urology, and ambulatory surgery center located in Doral, Miami, Florida.
Butabika National Referral Hospital, commonly known as Butabika Hospital is a hospital in Kampala, Uganda's capital and largest city.
Milton Ulladulla Hospital is a local public hospital located in the town of Milton, New South Wales.
St. Brendan's hospital is closed and no longer operates.
Over the years, with the growth of Columbia and the arrival of Fort Jackson, the hospital expanded.
The hospital was one of the originating institutions in producing the Maudsley Prescribing Guidelines.
The hospital is located in Torquay near the English Riviera.
Kingsbridge Private Hospital Sligo, formerly known as St. Joseph's Hospital, is a private hospital in Garden Hill, Sligo, Ireland offering healthcare to privately insured patients.
MMC is structured as a non-profit, private corporation governed by volunteer trustees.
Soma General Hospital is a public hospital in Soma, Fukushima, Japan.
The Tulane Medical Center is a hospital located in New Orleans, Louisiana.
It was established as a combination of Memorial Hospital and Sacred Heart Hospital, both of which are now closed.
It is under the Hong Kong East Cluster managed by the Hospital Authority.
Carver College of Medicine and the University of Iowa Physicians group practice.
Established in 1944, the Aga Khan Hospital, in Mombasa Kenya, is part of the Aga Khan Health Services.
Was named a top 15 U.S. cancer center by U.S. News & World Report.
In 2013, Scott & White merged with Baylor Health Care System to form Baylor Scott & White Health.
The official names of both hospitals were changed in January 2014 to Mount Sinai St. Luke's and Mount Sinai West as two separate entities.
Sister Elizabeth Maternity Hospital was a hospital in Brooklyn, New York.
Congressman Olin Teague introduced legislation to name a planned Veterans Administration medical facility in San Antonio for Murphy.
In 1988 the hospital was created as a merger between Woonsocket Hospital and Fogarty Hospital of North Smithfield.
The Hospital of St John the Baptist is a charitable foundation in Winchester, Hampshire, England, and the building itself was an almshouse established in 1085.
It is a private community hospital, serving the town of Nkozi and surrounding areas of southern Mawokota County.
Boston Children's Hospital is a 395-licensed-bed children's hospital in the Longwood Medical and Academic Area of Boston, Massachusetts.
The facility treats children with injuries and illnesses including, but not limited to:
Hong Kong Adventist Hospital is subject to international healthcare accreditation, it has been surveyed for many years and is accredited by the UK's QHA Trent Accreditation.
Ganta United Methodist Hospital is a hospital in Ganta, northeast Liberia.
Royal Brompton Hospital is the largest specialist heart and lung medical centre in the United Kingdom.
Canzibe Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Canzibe, Eastern Cape in South Africa.
Västerås Central Hospital in Västerås is the county hospital of Västmanland County in Sweden.
The eventual outcome was a range of internal redevelopments including an enhanced outpatients area, a new ward, an additional operating theatre and considerable infrastructure upgrades.
While Jurong Community Hospital has commenced operations from 22 July 2015, it was officially opened alongside NTFGH on 10 October 2015.
Since 1994, the facility has been formally known as Rozelle Hospital.
The hospital also serves as the chief teaching hospital of Ayub Medical College.
Train the Trainer Programmes: Regular workshops with School Counselors since 2000.
In 1957 the hospital installed a radio receiving station which operated on a closed circuit frequency and had the call letters: W-E-L-L.
The hospital services the Milton Ulladulla district in the Shoalhaven.
AHI has a staggering success rate of 99.83% in bypass surgeries and an overall 99.6% in cardiac surgeries.
The 128-bed children’s hospital offers pediatric inpatient and outpatient services in every medical and surgical specialty.
Gracie Square Hospital is a psychiatric hospital located at 420 East 76th Street on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, in New York City.
It was a private hospital, formerly operated by the United States Army before being given to the Seventh-day Adventist Church.
University Medical Center first opened as El Paso General Hospital in 1915, in a two-story, adobe building located west of downtown El Paso.
Bartow Regional Medical Center is a hospital in Bartow, Florida.
The hospital was operated by Centinela Freeman HealthSystem, and was one of the three campuses of the Centinela Freeman Regional Medical Center.
The Hospital receives referrals for specialised medical care and diagnostic services from various hospitals and clinics in the region.
Apparently, Falmouth Hospital has struggled in the past to keep its services running.
It is the oldest hospital in Al Ain and is currently a 200 bedded facility owned by CURE International.
Other hospital services include women’s surgery, diagnostic imaging and pediatric care.
It serves the taluk and the adjoining areas of Ambur.
The Freeman Hospital is an 800-bed tertiary referral centre in Newcastle upon Tyne, England.
The hospital also operates the only Level II Trauma Center in downtown Los Angeles, and its Emergency Room treats over 70,000 patients each year.
The Devon General Hospital is a 21-bed acute care and continuing care facility in Devon, Alberta.
It is on the south edge of Rugby hill above a steep slope running down to the Rainsbrook valley.
The National Oncologic Institute or ION is a specialized hospital for cancer treatment, located in Panama City, Panama.
The hospital also contains a private wing, which holds 11 beds.
Carteret Health Care is a 135 bed, non-profit hospital in Morehead City, North Carolina.
Opened in 1975, the Kaiser Permanente owned facility is licensed for 233 hospital beds.
The hospital is affiliated with the Holy Spirit University of Kaslik Faculty of Medicine and Medical Sciences  and the Higher Institute of Nursing Sciences.
It is affiliated with Peking University including 36 clinical departments and 1,752 clinic beds.
Nawaloka Hospital is one of Sri Lankas largest private hospitals and has created a chain of hospitals across the country.
There is also a 10-bed intensive care unit,
Wesley Long never recovered from the combination of the scandal and new Medicare rules, with a little over half its beds occupied by 1986.
The latter requires the existence of a sufficient number of experienced clinicians to supervise the students during the training.
The Karolinska University Hospital is closely affiliated with the Karolinska Institutet.
Fleming Hospital is a UK National Health Service hospital in Aberlour, Morayshire, Scotland.
It is the only hospital in Central America to be affiliated with Johns Hopkins Medicine International.
The buildings range from Victorian-era to modern facilities and occupies 12 hectares of land.
It is located in the city of Frederick.
In 2006, the hospital became an affiliate of Massachusetts General Hospital.
Together with the Hospital for Tropical Diseases they moved to Euston in February 1920.
There are 23 beds for inpatients in the hospital ward with Specialist Education and Day Centres.
In 2013, the name was changed to CaroMont Regional Medical Center.
The hospital building is Grade II listed.
The current director of the hospital is Dr. Medhat Abbas.
Construction is slated to start by the end of this year.
The organization also includes the GBMC Foundation, which supports the GBMC mission by managing fundraising efforts.
Cincinnati Children's receives the third-most NIH funds of any pediatric institution in the United States.
Many people discredit the reviews because it is hard to trust reviews of people who are mentally unstable when accounting for facts about their treatment.
The Bambino Gesù Children’s Hospital is a children's hospital located in Rome, Italy.
Rampton Secure Hospital is a high security psychiatric hospital near the village of Woodbeck between Retford and Rampton in Nottinghamshire, England.
The hospital is mentioned by Buck Mulligan in James Joyce's Ulysses.
The Northern Sydney Local Health District is responsible for the management of Mona Vale Hospital.
It is a teaching hospital and major provincial health care resource, and is a key component in women's health research.
Brampton Civic Hospital is an acute care hospital in Brampton, Ontario and part of the William Osler Health Centre along with the nearby Etobicoke General Hospital.
It is most commonly referred to by its short name "TWGHs Wong Tai Sin Hospital" or just "Wong Tai Sin Hospital".
With over 300 employees, the highly trained clinical and medical staff focus on patient-centered care.
The hospital also serves as a regional referral center for 24 counties in northern Michigan.
It has been administered for much of its history by the Sisters of Charity of St. Augustine.
The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center is one of the original three comprehensive cancer centers in the United States.
Phoebe Putney Memorial Hospital is located at 417 Third Ave. in Albany, Georgia.
It was converted into a teaching hospital in 1975 affiliated to the medical school of the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology.
10 on the news magazine’s 2015-16 “Best Hospitals” list.
Veterans Affairs Medical Center is a 227-bed, acute care medical facility in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon.
Zuid-Afrikaans Hospital is a private, non-profit hospital in Muckleneuck, Pretoria, South Africa, where the working language is both English and Afrikaans.
King Abdullah University Hospital, often abbreviated KAUH, is a hospital near Ar Ramtha, Jordan.
To provide geographically closer services for the people of the Kowloon area of Hong Kong, the Pauline Sisters founded St Teresa's Hospital in 1940.
It is operated by the Antara Society.
It is ranked as one of the Top 100 Hospitals in the US.
Central Valley General Hospital is a part of the Seventh-day Adventist hospital system.
After five years' construction, the hospital commenced service in February 1998.
Spookers is believed to be Australasia's only haunted attraction scream park as of 2011, and "the number 1 Haunted Attraction in the Southern Hemisphere".
Founded in 1970, the hospital is one of the largest health care institution in northeast Fukushima.
It has a 24-hour minor injuries unit and a hospital day-care service 4 days every week.
OLOLRMC is the dominant institution in health care in the Greater Baton Rouge area and the largest private medical center in Louisiana, with over 800 beds.
Sengkang Health is part of the SingHealth Academic Medical Centre.
The hospital was established as a charitable institution to provide free medical treatment to monks and nuns.
An elected board of governors manages the district, created in 1967.
It is located on 130 South Bryn Mawr Avenue in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania.
The Western Infirmary was a teaching hospital situated in the West End of Glasgow, Scotland 1874−2015.
Princess Margaret Hospital is located in Christchurch, New Zealand.
The hospital reverted to community control after the war.
The Lister Hospital is an NHS hospital based on the outskirts of Stevenage in Hertfordshire.
In 2014, Novant Health provided more than $639 million in community benefit, including charity care and services.
The Shriners Hospital-Canada is the Canadian branch of the Shriners Hospitals for Children network.
The hospital has a 24/7 Emergency Department, a diagnostic imaging department and a full-service laboratory.
The farm is now currently in use again under the name Tranquille Farm Fresh and tours of the grounds are now offered.
As one of two main hospitals in Fife, this serves both the town and surrounding Mid-Fife area.
More than 4,500 children are admitted to Brenner Children’s Hospital every year and more than 21,000 pediatric subspecialty visits occur at hospital-based outpatient clinics.
The county's EMS administrative and education facility is immediately adjacent to the hospital.
Cloudnine Hospitals, currently operates in the cities Bengaluru, Chennai, Gurgaon, Mumbai and Pune, and has more than 30,000 deliveries to its credit.
North Tyneside General Hospital is part of Northumbria Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust.
Genesis Health System also manages Jackson County Regional Health Center in Maquoketa, Iowa.
Over 96,832 patients were treated on an out-patient basis, another 70,446 residents used the 24/7 emergency department and 22,889 patients were admitted for inpatient care.
It is also a teaching and research facility for children's medicine.
Northridge Hospital Medical Center is a hospital in the Northridge district of Los Angeles, California, USA.
It is the leading hospital in Mullaitivu District and is controlled by the provincial government in Jaffna.
Ajman Specialty General Hospital is located in Ajman in the United Arab Emirates.
The trust is owned by Southern and Eastern Norway Regional Health Authority and is headquartered in Drammen.
For more information about how WCH and WCRI are transforming patient care, visit www.womenscollegehospital.ca and www.womensresearch.ca
Plans for another new hospital came to fruition in 1930, when the first part on Thorne Road opened to patients.
UPMC Saint Margaret is a leader in hospital technology, making patient records almost 100% electronic.
The center is staffed by nationally and internationally recognized experts who have made major clinical and research advances in the treatment of childhood malignancies.
SVCM is important to the community because the nearest places to receive care are both over an hour from Star Valley.
It has more than 40 clinical units.
The building was erected in 1684 by the mathematician and astronomer Bishop Seth Ward who was born in the town.
Ronald O. Perelman Heart Institute is a "medical town square" dedicated to the treatment of heart disease patients in New York City.
The hospital's working team consists of 1700 Doctors and 3.500 Nurses.
A large annex was constructed in 1882 and the hospital was open to people of any religious background.
The hospital offers a range of medical programs, including back health, cancer care, heart services, women's health services, childbirth and emergency services.
It consists of three hospitals and a number of outpatient clinics.
The hospital campus also consists of a nursing home and a mental health facility and was known for many years as Bergen Pines County Hospital.
The 229-bed hospital has an emergency department, operating theatres, and medical, surgical and paediatric wards.
The hospital was founded in 1926, and is a member of the UCLA Health System.
The record for the smallest premature baby to survive was broken in September 2004 by Rumaisa Rahman, who was born at Loyola at 25 weeks' gestation.
The hospital was a centre used to handle the wounded after World War II.
William C. Lovering Colony State Hospital was a former state hospital located in Taunton, Massachusetts.
It forms a cluster with Empilisweni, Lady Grey and Cloete Joubert Hospitals.
The Institute is home to the Center for Spinal Cord Injury Recovery, a facility designed to implement and study innovative treatments in spinal cord injury recovery.
It was the first purely homeopathic hospital for mental disorders in the United States.
It has been described as "England's oldest and most perfect almshouse".
Construction was started in September 1965 and the faculty opened on May 3, 1969.
Opened in 1942, the campus incorporated three historic mansions, including a childhood home of 1800s businesswoman Elizabeth Jarvis Colt.
It also includes three Shared Inpatient/Ambulatory Surgery, one Endoscopy, and one C-Section operating rooms.
The hospital was formally inaugurated on 6 July 1973 by the erstwhile Prime Minister, Indira Gandhi.
Cúcuta, officially San José de Cúcuta, is a Colombian city, capital of Norte de Santander department.
On the opposite side of Buena Vista Street from the hospital is the world headquarters of The Walt Disney Company.
The Superintendent of State Prisons had control over the hospital.
Driscoll was the first hospital in south Texas to provide pediatric emergency services and also to perform an organ transplant.
The hospital is located on Ipswich Road in Woolloongabba, an inner-city suburb of Brisbane.
Our Lady of Lourdes received the lowest ranking, one star.
Our Lady of Lourdes Hospital is a private non-profit tertiary hospital with 230-bed capacity located in Santa Mesa, Manila, in the Philippines.
The Komfo Anokye Teaching Hospital in Kumasi, Ashanti Region, Ghana, is the second-largest hospital in Ghana, and the only tertiary health institution in the Ashanti Region.
Ancora is the largest of the state's four public psychiatric hospitals.
The University of Pretoria uses the hospital as a training institution for the Faculty of Health Sciences.
It services an area of 336,674 km2.
Mont Park Hospital for the Insane was opened in April 1912.
In April 1994 the hospital joined the newly formed Oxford Radcliffe Hospitals NHS Trust along with the John Radcliffe Hospital and the Radcliffe Infirmary.
These are the main Heath Service hospitals in Western Ireland.
The Centre was established to provide medical treatment, and psychosocial treatment to survivors of rape and domestic violence who cannot afford treatment since 2001.
The hospital serves as a regional referral, teaching hospital.
Mississauga Hospital is a regional and teaching hospital in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.
It is also among the top 10% of hospitals in the nation for stroke care and the top 15% in the nation for heart attack treatment.
As a 25-bed, 24/7-staffed emergency room hospital, it is the only such facility in the entire Sullivan County.
Previously, it was a Provincially Aided Hospital.
The Cliniques universitaires Saint-Luc is a non-profit-making hospital associated with Université catholique de Louvain, and situated in Woluwe-Saint-Lambert, Brussels, Belgium.
It is associated with the Faculty of Medicine at the University of Toronto.
The Hospital for Sick Children, corporately branded as SickKids, is a children's hospital and teaching hospital located on University Avenue in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The hospital is accredited by the Joint Commission on the Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations.
Langley Memorial Hospital is a government-funded acute care facility in Township of Langley, British Columbia that is owned and operated by Fraser Health.
The center includes the Diabetes-Clinic, the Diabetes-Academy, FIDAM, the Diabetes-Medical Practice, ConDiaZ and InsulinJA.
It is the main hospital in Stafford, England.
The faculty received major funding from the Thai government and a supporting grant from the Rockefeller Foundation during its founding period.
Leading research departments include one of the largest dermatology centres in the United Kingdom, gastroenterology, vascular, trauma and clinical neurosciences.
But by 1996, with just over a third of its beds occupied, Wesley Long needed to either specialize or merge in order to continue doing well.
It is part of the Hospital Corporation of America.
The hospital was established in 2008 and has 22 beds, serving Alderney’s population of 2,300.
Laurel Regional Hospital is a community hospital located in Laurel, Maryland.
Uganda Heart Institute, is a specialized, public, tertiary care medical facility owned by the Uganda Ministry of Health.
MidMichigan Medical Center-Midland is a 328-bed, non-profit hospital in Midland, Michigan.
The hospital had its beginnings in 1863 in South Boston.
It treats over 100,000 patients every year.
It is now known as Lanchester Road Hospital.
The hospital had 220 beds when it opened in 1958.
This hospital was the most expensive hospital project Universal Health Services has ever undertaken at US$200 million.
Methodist Hospital is a hospital in South Philadelphia, affiliated with Thomas Jefferson University Hospital, Jefferson Hospital for Neuroscience and Thomas Jefferson University.
The IMC is a multi-disciplinary hospital that features specialty centers providing a wide range of comprehensive treatment options for different health problems.
It was formed in 1997 from the merger of John Muir Medical Center and Mt.
They are recognized as specialists and sub-specialists in some clinical specialties nationally.
It is the only hospital in Cape May County.
The grade II* listed building became the Ravenscourt Park Hospital in 2002, but this closed in 2006.
A satellite surgical service is also provided in the Mackinnon Memorial Hospital in Broadford on Skye by surgeons from the Belford.
In November 2014 work began to install a new 24-bed prefabricated ward on top of a 4-storey building to the rear of the main tower block.
Flooding damaged the hospital in 1947 and 1957.
Empilisweni District Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital for the Senqu Local Municipality area in Sterkspruit, Eastern Cape in South Africa.
The Cabin Chiang Mai is a drug and alcohol rehabilitation facility located in Chiang Mai, Thailand.
In 2014, The Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia and AtlantiCare announced a partnership.
The hospital is located north-west of the village of Pembury on Tonbridge Road.
The Diabetes Center Mergentheim is a large and modern treatment center for people with diabetes mellitus in Germany.
In early 2016, NYU Langone had approximately 25,000 employees, and over 8,000 more employees were gained after the acquisition of Long Island's Winthrop-University Hospital.
Mills Memorial Hospital is a medical facility located in Terrace, British Columbia with 39 acute care beds.
Established in 1942 with 10 beds, the hospital now has 232 beds, administered by The Bandra Holy Family Hospital Society.
The hospital also provides multidisciplinary care, free check ups, patient education, first aid courses, and courses related to preventive medicine.
St. Luke’s Regional Medical Center is a full-service, non-profit hospital serving Sioux City, Iowa, and residents in nearby communities in Iowa, South Dakota and Nebraska.
The hospital adjoins Singleton Park and the Singleton Park campus of Swansea University where there is a nursing school and a school of medicine.
The hospital operates all the necessary departments.
The hospital was founded, with only 54 beds, in 1932 by the British Raj for their government staff.
Also part of the network are Golisano Children's Hospital, and URMC affiliate Highland Hospital.
Operated by Hamilton Health Sciences, it is adjacent to the Juravinski Hospital, which provides emergency department facilities.
It is a tertiary teaching hospital and forms part of the Port Elizabeth Hospital Complex.
The hospital recently underwent works and an extension.
It is located in the barrio of Parque Batlle, just west of the park of the same name.
Southend University Hospital has 157 consultants providing various services, and serves a catchment area with a population of about 350,000.
Regions Hospital is a leading, full-service, private, nonprofit hospital, with special programs in heart, cancer, behavioral health, burn, orthopedics, emergency and trauma.
Due to the original purpose, the Haleacre section of the building is guarded by high metal fencing and visibly safe fixtures and fittings inside.
This service will be one of three national pilots for a model of service known as WEMSS.
It was founded in 2000 in memory of N. Sreedharan, a communist organizer who was a member of the secretariat of the Communist Party of India.
It has 420 beds and is accredited by the Joint Commission.
There are around 2,100 admissions, 1,700 surgeries, 12,000 emergency room visits, 300 births and 60,000 outpatients each year.
The Children's Hospital for Wales, also known as the Children's Hospital, Cardiff is a children's hospital in Cardiff, Wales.
The Ihavandhoo Health Centre is a government owned health institute established on 2 July 2003 in Ihavandhoo in the Maldives.
Northeastern Vermont Regional Hospital is a community, not for profit, acute care, critical access hospital.
Alamance Regional joined the Cone Health network in May 2013.
CityPlex Towers is a complex of three high-rise office towers located at 81st Street and Lewis Avenue in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
The hospital was declared a Western Cape Provincial Heritage Site in 1996.
Groundbreaking took place on December 31, 2012, construction began on July 7, 2013, and the foundation stone was set on August 21, 2013.
This page is about the hospital in Greater London.
The hospital was founded in 1909 by the Sisters of Charity of Leavenworth.
In order to be able to fully accommodate these changes, Naomi House launched a major redevelopment of the hospice building in 2014.
It is a member of Partners HealthCare, a network founded by Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women’s Hospital.
The Danvikens hospital was founded by the initiative of King Gustav Vasa in 1558.
UnityPoint Health Finley Hospital holds accreditation from The Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations and is licensed by the State of Iowa.
The center has 362 beds and 12 operating rooms.
The organization was formed on July 1, 1997 by the merger of Carolina Medicorp of Winston-Salem, North Carolina and Presbyterian Health Services of Charlotte, North Carolina.
In 1974 a family medicine residency program was started there.
For the hospital in London; see Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital.
Rauceby Hospital, originally called Kesteven County Asylum, is a now-defunct mental institution in the parish of Quarrington, Lincolnshire, England.
It is located close to the center of the city near the Place d'Armes Cathedral.
Together, St. John’s Pleasant Valley Hospital and St. John's Regional Medical Center represent the largest acute-care health organization in Ventura County.
It has since changed its name several times.
The buildings and 56-hectare grounds were purchased in July 2006 by Auckland accountant and property developer group Lake Hicks Ltd.
The architect George Thomas Hine designed extensions for the building in 1898.
It is part of the RWTH Aachen and contains its whole medical faculty.
RWJUH-Somerset is a major clinical affiliate of the Rutgers-Robert Wood Johnson Medical School.
Despite the change in designation the function and structure of the agency was unchanged.
UCLA Medical Center, Santa Monica, is a hospital located within the city of Santa Monica, California.
The hospital also has a busy 24-hour minor injuries unit.
The hospital is accredited by the Healthcare Facilities Accreditation Program and by the Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities.
A special rehabilitation unit was opened in 1998 for treating adults and children with disabling conditions.
It is the only academic health system serving San Diego and one of only two Level I trauma centers in the region.
The city has undergone rapid development and high population growth since the 1970s, when there were 2,700 residents.
Royal Stoke University Hospital is a teaching and research hospital at Hartshill in the English county of Staffordshire.
The Lovell General Hospital North is a former hospital at Fort Devens.
Its areas of expertise include cancer treatment, kidney disease and cochlear implants.
Foothills Medical Centre is the largest hospital in Alberta and is located in the city of Calgary .
It has the goal of training general physicians who can diagnose a treat a wide range of diseases, and can provide health education.
Dr. Kugler died in Guntur on July 26, 1930 and shortly after her death the hospital was renamed Kugler Hospital.
Gorgas Hospital was a U.S. Army hospital in Panama City, Panama, named for Army Surgeon General William C. Gorgas.
The hospital opened in 1840, as the Surrey County Pauper Lunatic Asylum.
It is operated by Ashford and St. Peter’s Hospital NHS Trust.
It is a teaching hospital and one of four university hospitals affiliated with the University of Oslo.
The Hillsborough Hospital is a psychiatric hospital located on the same campus.
The hospital is visible from the highway.
The site is shared by the Hull and East Yorkshire Women and Children's Hospital and the Hull and East Yorkshire Eye Hospital.
Plans for an inpatient substance abuse treatment program, a teleretinal unit, and a polytrauma unit are underway.
Mulago National Referral Hospital, commonly known as Mulago Hospital, is a hospital in Uganda.
A 314-bed primary and secondary care centre, patient care services include general surgery, medicine, perinatal, neonatal ICU, critical care and emergency services.
The major emphasis of the facility is a commitment to orthopaedic sports medicine which includes services for both adults and adolescents.
The building was finally demolished and the contractor Philippos Kameris confirmed on 15 June 2010 that the work was completed.
The Shriners Hospital for Children is a 29-bed, non-profit pediatric hospital located in Portland, in the U.S. state of Oregon.
SNUH is owned and operated by SNUH Special Corporation, independent from Seoul National University.
In 1960, the first kidney transplant performed in the UK was performed at the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh by surgeon Michael Woodruff.
During the Japanese occupation, a portion of the hospital was used for the care of prisoners of war.
The building was hugely damaged during earthquake in 2005.
Harbor–UCLA Medical Center is funded by the County of Los Angeles, and serves as the Level I Trauma Center for the South Bay area.
The hospital is run by Bradford Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust.
Along its specialty in joint treatment, additional areas of expertise include spine surgery, rehabilitation medicine, and pain management.
Cofimvaba Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Cofimvaba, Eastern Cape in South Africa.
Steynsburg Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital for the Gariep Local Municipality area in Steynsburg, Eastern Cape in South Africa.
The hospital provides services for all of southern Tasmania and has the capacity to facilitate 400 patients.
Holy Spirit Hospital is a Charitable Trust Hospital located in Andheri, Mumbai, owned and managed by the Missionary Sisters Servants of the Holy Spirit
It is incorporating a 7 bed ICU with technical and managerial support.
It contains 23 beds with one palliative care bed.
It is affiliated with The Ottawa Hospital and the University of Ottawa, and is funded by the provincial Government of Ontario.
The hospital is widely known among Mizo people as "Serkawn Hospital" and is operated by the Baptist Church of Mizoram.
Cathcart Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Cathcart, Eastern Cape in South Africa.
The nearest public railway station is at Bodmin Parkway.
The Royal Lancaster Infirmary is a hospital in the city of Lancaster, England.
In late 2010, all patient services, including the Women's Health Care Centre, were moved into the new hospital building.
Large scale extension and alteration were put forward by the state government in 1916.
BCH is one of the earliest and most respected hospital in Abra emphasizing Christian concern for its patients and employees.
Patan Hospital is one of the largest hospitals in Nepal.
United Christian Hospital is an acute care hospital in Kwun Tong of New Kowloon in Hong Kong, operated by the Hospital Authority.
The Tŷ Olwen hospice, a Swansea charity, is located here.
Brattleboro Memorial Hospital is a community hospital which has been serving greater Brattleboro and the tri-state area since 1904.
The hospital is host to the West London Neuroscience Centre.
There are bus services connecting to the nearest rail stations are Goodmayes and Newbury Park Underground station.
Our Lady of Fatima Hospital is a for-profit hospital in Providence, Rhode Island, which opened in 1954.
It is also a teaching hospital of University of Medicine 1, Yangon, University of Nursing, Yangon and the University of Medical Technology, Yangon.
That month more than 100 heart patients died of overdoses from a particular drug that had inadequate labeling.
It is known for its cardiac services, neurosurgery, liver and HPB medicine, rehabilitation, gynaecology, orthopaedics, and other services.
The hospital services a population of over 150,000 and is supported by the Chinook Regional Hospital Foundation.
It has a capacity of 100 student in each batch.
It is part of a division of nearby Tan Tock Seng Hospital.
Victoria Hospital, in London, Ontario, Canada, is a large teaching hospital affiliated with the University of Western Ontario.
The hospital covers a wide area including Keighley, Skipton, Yorkshire Dales and parts of the North York Moors.
The building houses the Emergency Department, surgical suites and Heart and Vascular Center, improving health care delivery for the community.
The hospital is also known internationally for operating its Rape Treatment Center, and the adjoining Stuart House for sexually abused children.
Since 1995, it is owned by Parkway Holdings Ltd.
Serve — Provide Disease Diagnose / Treatment & Health maintenance
It is located adjacent to Addenbrooke's and contains 120 maternity and women's beds.
The hospital specialises in gynaecology and in vitro fertilisation.
Medical City Dallas is a hospital located at 7777 Forest Lane, just west of North Central Expressway, in north Dallas, Texas.
It is also a teaching hospital affiliated with University of Medicine 2, Yangon.
The NU Hospital Group consists of mainly of two hospitals in Sweden; Norra Älvsborgs Länssjukhus in Trollhättan and Uddevalla Sjukhus in Uddevalla.
The hospital traces its roots to the Grey Nuns of Montreal who sent Sister Emery, Adel Lamy and Alphonse to the Edmonton area in 1859.
The hospital was established after the close of the Oregon Hospital for the Insane in Portland, located 47 miles north of Salem.
It was latterly operated by the Aneurin Bevan Local Health Board.
Basingstoke and North Hampshire Hospital is a 450-bed National Health Service hospital in Basingstoke, Hampshire, England run by Hampshire Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust.
The heart centre took over the hospital's cardiac services and set up a cardiology laboratory in 1995.
Vestre Viken Hospital Trust is a health trust which covers Buskerud, Asker and Bærum.
It was renamed General University Hospital of Patras - All Holy Theotokos the Helper in July 2009.
The hospital was built in 1922 from public subscription to create a memorial for those who gave their lives in World War I.
Mott Children's Hospital also includes a youth and adolescent psychiatric ward separate from the rest of the children's hospital.
Central Hospital was later demolished and the location was leased to a private party by the Government to make another hospital.
They also have 3 other facilities which are part of Gateshead Health NHS Foundation Trust.
in 2011, the hospital added other services
Changi General Hospital is a 1000-bed hospital located in Simei, eastern Singapore.
The hospital is the only specialist pediatric hospital in Hong Kong.
The Dr. Everett Chalmers Regional Hospital is also a teaching hospital for the Faculty of Medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Meadowview Hospital was the victim of serious neglect, losing state funding and license in the 1990s and in 1995 services were contracted out.
Wal-Mart and the Wal-Mart Foundation have invested $8 million in the project, while J.B. Hunt has given $5 million toward the construction.
Henry Mayo Newhall Hospital is a 238-bed not-for-profit community hospital and trauma center in Valencia, California, in the Santa Clarita Valley.
The hospital departments include Emergency department, Maternity ward, O.P.D.
Since then, a new three-story annex building with 550 beds has been added.
A medical college has been planned at the hospital by the BMC.
It is operated by the Northern Territory Government Department of Health.
The Springfield Day Hospital is located in the Casnewydd Unit.
Clinical services are provided by the Calderdale and Huddersfield NHS Foundation Trust, with other ancillary services provided by Lend Lease Group and ISS A/S.
The staff treats approximately 12,000 patients each year and operates with a budget of $260 million.
The different sections of the facility range from 3 to 11 floors, although not all areas are accessible to the public.
The new hospital has about 15,000 employees and 1,700 patient beds.
There is a Minor Injuries Unit and numerous community clinics are held on the upper floor of the building.
Grace Hospital is a regional hospital in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
Brigham and Women's Hospital conducts the second largest hospital-based research program in the world, with an annual research budget of more than $630 million.
In addition, many of the specialty clinics are staffed by UAB faculty who practice part-time at the facility.
It is specialized in high complexity medical care.
It is located in the eastern sector of Santiago de Chile with two facilities: one on Avenida Vitacura and the other in La Dehesa.
Founded in 1902, AAMC includes a 380-bed not-for-profit hospital, a medical group, imaging services, a substance use treatment center, and health enterprises.
Other institutions in close proximity include the Cheshire Home and the Bradbury Hospice.
The Institute serves as a teaching facility for the Belgrade Medical School and several other schools in Belgrade.
The hospital commenced its operation on 5 December 1987, on which the king turned 60 years of age.
The Kidapawan Medical Specialist Center, Inc. is a tertiary referral hospital in Kidapawan City, Philippines.
Jacobi had over 320,000 clinical visits and over 100,000 emergency room visits in 2016.
UIC College of Nursing, Benedictine University, Lincoln Land Community College, and other educational institutions teach nursing education programs at the hospital.
The University hospital has one of the busiest emergency departments in the country.
St. Charles Medical Center – Redmond is a hospital in Redmond, Oregon, United States.
The hospital supports medical research through the Clifford Craig Medical Research Trust.
In 1985, Magee’s brain injury rehabilitation program became the first in the nation to be accredited by the Commission on the Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities.
All patients are treated and cared for regardless of colour, race or creed.
An advanced structural heart disease program is offered at the affiliated Saints Heart and Vascular Institute.
BVHS serves an eight-county area that includes Allen, Hancock, Hardin, Henry, Putnam, Seneca, Wood and Wyandot counties in Ohio.
The hospital saw 20,143-day cases in the same year.
It has been designated as a Blue Distinction Center for Knee and Hip Replacement by Blue Shield of California.
Nottingham University Hospitals NHS Trust is the UK’s fourth largest acute teaching trust.
Taite had previously overcome his own addiction to crack cocaine.
As at December 2006 the hospital employed over 500 doctors, 1300 nurses and 250 allied health professionals.
University Hospital of Oran, is a hospital affiliated with the University of Oran in Oran, Algeria with a capacity of 600 - 2000 beds.
Atascadero State Hospital is located on the Central Coast of California, in San Luis Obispo County, halfway between Los Angeles and San Francisco.
It was originally opened on May 19, 1922 as the Junior Red Cross Children's Hospital.
The hospital recruited specialists to expand services in heart disease, cancer, neurology, and orthopedics.
It provides NHS health care services for the people in the Metropolitan Borough of Bolton and surrounding areas.
First founded in 1535, the creation of the HUG dates back to 1995 as a merger of all public hospitals in Geneva.
The hospital employs 350 staff with 93 physicians having staff privileges.
94.4% of admissions were made via the accident and emergency department or 4,736 patients.
is the largest outpatient clinic system in Winter Haven, Florida.
Seafield Hospital is a UK National Health Service hospital in Buckie, Morayshire, Scotland.
It is part of the Cardiff and Vale University Health Board.
It is affiliated with Tufts University School of Medicine and Harvard Medical School.
It is remembered as the site of a massacre during the World War II Japanese occupation.
Relationships with these facilities further ensure patients have a smooth transition when they require the services of a larger medical center.
There are facilities such as music therapy, computers, art and play rooms and multi-sensory and hydrotherapy suites at both hospices.
It was located in the northern part of the city at the intersection of Windsor Ave and Davis Street.
Saint Vincent Health System, commonly known as simply St. Vincent's, is medical facility located in Erie, PA.
Alberta Health Services is responsible for the operations of the hospital.
Only six percent of hospitals in the United States are recognized as Magnet hospitals.
The hospital, operated by the Costa Rican Department of Social Security, has 633 beds and it is certified for trauma and emergency medical services.
South Tipperary General Hospital, Clonmel is a public hospital located in Clonmel, County Tipperary, Ireland.
The Toledo Hospital is a public hospital in Toledo, Ohio that is part of the ProMedica Health System.
The unit will only be the second in Ontario.
St. Elizabeth Health Services is a private Roman Catholic hospital in Baker City, Oregon, United States.
Texas Health Huguley Hospital Fort Worth South is a Seventh-day Adventist medical complex in south Fort Worth, Texas operated by Adventist Health System.
Ancillary services: Audio and speech therapy, Dietetics, Lung function laboratory, Orthotics and prosthesis services, Physiotherapy, Retail pharmacy,
Brookdale is one of Brooklyn’s largest full service emergency departments and one of 15 Level 1 Trauma Centers in New York City.
The hospital closed on September 1, 2012.
NYU Langone Hospital - Brooklyn, situated in the heart of Sunset Park, Brooklyn, treated 75,808 patients in 2011.
North Memorial has also received numerous awards for outstanding performance in areas such as hip and knee replacements, strokes, and heart attacks.
The hospital contains 27 acute care beds and 23 continuing care beds.
In 1935 a new building was completed, which was in turn replaced in 1982 creating the present hospital which opened in 1986.
The Stanford/VA Advanced Fellowship Program in Advanced Spinal Cord Injury Medicine features the Center as a core training site for the management of acute neurological injury.
The empty land was used for the establishment of La Trobe University in 1967.
The General Eye Clinic also serves as the only emergency eye clinic in all of Chicago.
Wollongong Hospital is also the principal teaching hospital for Wollongong University Graduate School of Medicine and School of Nursing and Midwifery.
UI Hospitals and Clinics is part of University of Iowa Health Care, a partnership that includes the University of Iowa Roy J. and Lucille A.
The health system is a senior affiliate of UnityPoint Health, the state's first and largest integrated health care system.
It is the referral hospital for the districts of Bulisa, Hoima, Kibaale, Kiryandongo, and Masindi.
The hospital, under the directorship of Jacob Rutstein, greatly expanded its facilities at that time.
RUH is a teaching hospital and closely tied to the College of Medicine within the university.
After plans for a new hospital for Ludlow were dropped in 2013, the existing hospital was renovated in 2014.
It now ranks seventeenth in Fortune Magazine.
This facility is accredited by the Det Norske Veritas.
The hospital serves a population of 1.85m people and is located on one of the largest health and hospital campuses in Australia.
In 2008 a £500,000 endoscopy suite opened.
Eisenhower Medical Center has many outpatient departments that range from primary care offices, laboratories, and urgent care centers.
St. Joe is a member of the Lutheran Health Network.
The Middlesex Hospital Medical School, with a history dating back to 1746, merged with the medical school of University College London in 1987.
Holy Family Virika Hospital, commonly referred to as Virika Hospital, is a private, community hospital, in Fort Portal, Kabarole District, Western Uganda.
£30 million has been invested in new facilities.
The hospital is a teaching hospital of McMaster University Medical School.
ADK Hospital has a total of 50 beds as of 2007.
This location consists of 126 in-patient hospital beds and many other hospital services and has one of two Level III trauma centers in the state.
The Lovell General Hospital East is a former hospital at Fort Devens.
The hospital is a teaching hospital for medical students from Copenhagen University.
Community Medical Center received its third Accreditation in 2002 from the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations.
It provides quality healthcare services to the sick and indigent at the lowest possible cost.
Patan Hospital is a teaching hospital for the Patan Academy of Health Sciences.
This coincided with the breakout of World War II and many British and Cypriot soldiers were transported there, away from the front line, for recovery.
The hospital serves the counties of Floyd, Johnson, Martin, and Magoffin, for a total combined population of over 90,000.
The Northern Maine Medical Center is a hospital located in the town of Fort Kent, Maine.
Dr. Georges-L.-Dumont University Hospital Centre is a Canadian hospital in Moncton, New Brunswick.
A member of the National University Health System, it is the principal teaching hospital for the NUS Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine.
Opened in 1968, it was originally Dwyer Memorial Hospital, a private hospital, before becoming a community hospital a few years after opening.
Later renamed Richland Memorial Hospital it moved in 1972 to its present location near the intersection of Bull St. and Harden St. Extension.
With 18,750 employees, the hospital is the largest employer in Birmingham and the second largest employer in Alabama.
Saint Luke's Hospital, Angal, commonly known as Angal Hospital , is a private, community hospital in Angal Village, Nebbi District, West Nile sub-region, Northern Uganda.
The first purpose built asylum in the Colony of Victoria, Kew was also larger and more expensive than its sister asylums at Ararat and Beechworth.
Many of New York Medical College’s faculty provide patient care, teach, and conduct research at the adjacent campus.
Within the UK, it is also a major NHS facility for psychosurgery.
In 2003, the Government of Quebec invested $60 million into the hospital, which was expanded and renovated.
It is located in the suburb of Salterhebble and provides general services, emergency services and some specialist services.
Services to the outer islands of the country is provided by satellite clinics, staffed generally with a nurse and a midwife.
It has an Accident & Emergency Unit, a popular midwife-led Maternity unit, and an STD clinic known as the Wolverton Centre.
Winship Cancer Institute is the only National Cancer Institute-designated Comprehensive Cancer Center in Georgia.
Bartlett Regional Hospital has 45 beds, and 76 doctors on staff.
It employs 7,500 staff of which 1,500 are doctors.
Turku University Hospital is a hospital in Turku, Finland.
The rooms are larger and the facility has space for family and friends.
Asan Medical Center a hospital in Seoul, Korea, that was established to put into practice the founding principles of Asan Foundation founder Chung Ju-Yung.
Originally it was located in the Osborne Village, but since 1971 it has been in its present location in south Winnipeg beside the University of Manitoba.
The hospital is a teaching centre for nurses, midwives, doctors, therapists and operating department practitioners.
Hunt Regional serves patients in Hunt County and surrounding areas.
The Group's Academic Partner is NUI Galway.
All in-patients in Buckinghamshire are now taken to the nearby whiteleaf Center in Aylesbury.
The University of Tennessee Graduate School of Medicine oversees residency and medical student education at UTMC.
Seafield Hospital has 32 beds providing medical care, rehabilitation, assessment, palliative/terminal care, convalescence and respite care.
The hospital is the base for the nursing course offered by the Sahmyook University.
Then in 1989, the North Carolina General Assembly created the University of North Carolina Hospitals entity as a unifying organization to govern constituent hospitals.
St George's Hospital also provides care for patients from a larger catchment area in the South East of England, for specialities such as complex pelvic trauma.
Its construction began in 1979, and inauguration held on 8 March 1990.
PHS was founded in 2001 by Prem Reddy, who acts as its present Chairman of the Board.
Founded in 1998, Barwon Health is among the largest comprehensive regional health services in Australia and also one of the largest regional employers in that country.
WEH has been providing ophthalmic services since 1856.
In the early 1990s, the Duchess of Kent Wing, which includes a Postgraduate Education Centre and modern well-equipped wards, was opened.
San Antonio Regional Hospital is an acute, full service medical center in Upland, California.
The Royal Hallamshire Hospital is a general and teaching hospital located in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England.
The new state-of-the-art hospital was built on Randall Road just south of Interstate 90 and opened on December 15, 2009.
Orlando Health is a private, not-for-profit network of community and specialty hospitals based in Orlando, Florida.
The hospital closed temporarily in January 2011 following an electrical fault, reopening in December 2011 once extensive renovations had been completed.
Dora Nginza Hospital is a large Provincial government funded hospital, situated on Spondo Street in Zwide township of Port Elizabeth in South Africa.
In 2011, the hospital implemented an internal model called Asan Global Standard designed around the baseline assessment of Joint Commission International.
Each year, some 65,000 outpatients and nearly 9,000 inpatients are cared for at the hospital.
Originally, it included an ENT section, but it was separated and moved to separate premises in Hyderabad.Very helpful to poor people.
The Eko Hospital is a private hospital located at Ikeja with annex in Ikoyi, Central Lagos, Surulere, Lagos State Nigeria.
Noor Eye Hospital is an ophthalmological hospital located in Tehran.
Howard is the most comprehensive HBCU in the nation and produces the most black doctorate recipients of any university.
14 beds are used for continuing care; 8 of the beds are used for medical, post-operative, maternity or paediatric care.
Near East University Hospital is the largest and one of the leading medical facilities in North Nicosia, Northern Cyprus.
Shalamar Hospital, established in 1982 and named after the historical Shalimar Gardens, is a charitable hospital located on Shalimar Link Road, Shalimar Town, Lahore, Pakistan.
The hospital is named after Renaissance humanist and theologian Desiderius Erasmus, who lived in Anderlecht near the Saints-Pierre-et-Guidon church in the 16th century.
It has 50 to 100 inpatient beds and has laboratory and diagnostic services.
Operated by Horizon Health Network, formerly by the River Valley Health Authority, the Dr. Everett Chalmers Regional Hospital opened in 1976, replacing the Victoria Public Hospital.
Apart from these distinctions, FMC boasts the world's first and most powerful movable MRI machine, which was introduced in January 2009.
CHOP neonatologists are at the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit at the Roger B. Hansen Center for Childbirth at AtlantiCare Regional Medical Center Mainland Campus.
Gouverneur Health is a municipally owned healthcare facility affiliated with the New York University School of Medicine.
The hospital was founded by Padmashri awardee Dr. Narendra Kumar Pandey.
It is the province's largest mental health facility.
In 1885, it was renamed the Hospice de Bicêtre.
There are also aged care rehabilitation, intensive care, chemotherapy, and obstetrics units.
Another major campus is located at Šalata, in immediate vicinity to the School of Medicine, University of Zagreb.
Originally it had 14 beds, a Surgeon's Room and Receiving Room, Operating Room, Matron's Room, Nurses' Room and Staff Dining Room.
The main hospital, at 515 Main Street in Olean, consists of 186 inpatient beds and comprehensive ancillary and support programs and services.
The charitable fundraising agencies for the hospital include the:
The 289-bed hospital is renowned for excellence in all aspects of pediatric medicine and is routinely ranked among the best children’s hospitals in the nation.
The 175 bedded fully air conditioned hospital is inaugurated by Dr.A.P.J.
In 2009,the new and expanded CUMC opened its doors to hundreds offering sects to affiliate in this bustling hospital.
It serves as the district hospital for Kitgum District.
Fairview was established in 1907 as the State Institution for the Feeble-Minded.
The name, location and buildings have since changed many times.
It is located adjacent to the campus at 725 Welch Road, Palo Alto, California.
Phelps, replaced by Ralph Holshouser Jr., pleaded guilty and served five years.
Anne Arundel Medical Center, a regional health system headquartered in Annapolis, Maryland, serves an area of more than one million people.
The hospital comprises a maternity unit and a pediatric unit.
With over ~1800 beds and 5470 employees It is the largest and most advanced medical facility in Croatia.
Ferndale, Larches, Willowvale and Hazelwood and there is a day centre called Cedarwood.
In 2014, the hospital was transferred to Providence Health & Services.
Dubai Hospital is a 625-bed general medical/surgical hospital in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates, and is part of Dubai Department of Health and Medical Services.
Xinhua Hospital is a general hospital in Shanghai, China, with the rank of "Grade 3, Class A".
Travancore Medical College is the flagship endeavor of pioneers in the society.
It was the site of the birth of Patrick Bouvier Kennedy.
Vejthani International Hospital is a private hospital in Bangkok, Thailand.
It is a 400-bed hospital with 24-hour laboratory, medical lab and scanning services.
Tacoma General began serving patients in 1882.
Opened in 1902, it is part of the Catholic Health Initiatives and is accredited by the Joint Commission.
Asian Institute of Medical Sciences is a tertiary care hospital and institute located in Faridabad, India.
The Mayor of Southgate then welcomed the Association's members at a tea.
The nearest London Underground station is Belsize Park, and the hospital is situated very near Hampstead Heath station on the London Overground.
Phoenix Children’s Hospital is a 465-licensed-bed, freestanding children’s hospital located in Phoenix, Arizona that provides specialty pediatric services in inpatient, outpatient, emergency, trauma, and urgent care.
The only visible remains of the medieval hospital are a left hand door arch which has been incorporated into the 19th-century Hospitalfield House.
Born in Crawfordsville, Indiana, Parrish attended the Medical College of Indiana.
Furthermore, the Illinois Eye Review is held at the Infirmary.
The medical center has about 1,000 beds, employs about 10,000 employees, and offers educational services to about 3,000 students in the following academic courses:
Jessie McPherson Private Hospital is a private hospital co-located with Monash Medical Centre in the Melbourne suburb of Clayton.
There are over 20 surgical ophthalmologists on staff at the hospital.
Chelsea and Westminster Hospital is a 430-bed teaching hospital located in Chelsea, London.
The Royal Victoria Infirmary is an 673-bed tertiary referral centre in Newcastle upon Tyne, England.
The former Madison Campus has been redeveloped by the University of Tennessee Health Science Center.
Manteno State Hospital was a psychiatric hospital located in rural Manteno Township in Kankakee County, Illinois.
The Tamale Teaching Hospital is a regional hospital in Tamale in the Northern region of Ghana.
Designed by the Sydney firm of Stephenson & Turner, it is an early and notable Australian example of the Streamline Moderne style.
The Hospital Center occupies a 47-acre campus in Northwest Washington that it shares with three other medical facilities.
WellStar Kennestone Regional Medical Center is a major hospital located in Marietta, Georgia, serving most of northern and central Cobb County.
They have a medical center which offer more than 50 full-time physicians, 250 consulting physicians and important medical equipment.
The Hospital of St John the Baptist, at Arbroath, Scotland, was founded in the early 14th century by the monastic community at Arbroath Abbey.
Nelson Mandela was treated at the hospital for an acute respiratory infection in January 2011 and underwent an laparoscopy there in February 2012.
The hospital now accepts an increasing number of private, self-paying patients and it is common to pay for one's treatment.
It is currently situated within the district of Tala, in Caloocan, Metro Manila, and occupies 130 hectares of land area, from the original 808 hectares.
As an example, among Hong Kong's private sector hospitals, HKBH has the most mainland expectant mothers giving birth.
This facility serves a large population, both domestic and foreign, in the North West of Pakistan as well as North Eastern Afghanistan.
It is the largest hospital in Bangalore, India.
It is also possible that these ruins may have been part of St Erchard's Church - a.k.a.
The hospital offers a special medical program which serves as the basis of human resource training for the military command's health system.
The Hospital Interdisciplinario Psicoasistencial José Tiburcio Borda is the largest and most notable psychiatric hospital in Argentina.
It is one of three hospital campuses that are part of Cambridge Health Alliance.
Since 2015, the hospital has been housed at the MUHC's Glen Site, named for the former Glen railway yards.
Oslo University Hospital, Ullevål, formerly Ullevål University Hospital in Oslo, Norway is one of the four main campuses of Oslo University Hospital.
It is a publicly funded hospital, run by the Auckland District Health Board since 2001.
The Abu Dhabi Falcon Hospital is the world's foremost falcon welfare institution, and the first of its kind.
Founded in 1875 by the Episcopal Diocese of Oregon, it is a part of the Legacy Health.
For more than 100 years Women’s College Hospital has been developing revolutionary advances in healthcare.
In 1975 the Newton Green Wing was opened in purpose-built buildings on the opposite, south, side of Harehills Lane.
As of August 1, 2016, Maimonides Medical Center is an adult and pediatric trauma center, and Brooklyn's only pediatric trauma center.
This hospital is open to the public.
Swedish Medical Center is a 368 bed acute care hospital located in Englewood, Colorado, United States.
It was open for more than 170 years, finally closing in November 2000.
From February 2008 until its closure, Runwell Hospital provided solely forensic mental health services in line with the trust's reprovision programme.
Dartmouth–Hitchcock Medical Center is the U.S. state of New Hampshire's only academic medical center.
It is accredited by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations.
It is named after Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother, who was queen consort and wife of King George VI from 1936 until his death in 1952.
Based in Warsaw, it also has regional branches in Gliwice and Kraków.
Florida Hospital Celebration Health is an acute care hospital in Celebration, Florida.
A decade after they opened, in 1998, they changed from a private clinic into a small hospital featuring two surgical theaters and 18 beds.
It is within the townland of Lisnisky, beside the A27 road, at the edge of Portadown.
The Trust is now above the national average in nearly all measures.
Ascutney Hospital and Health Center is a not-for-profit community hospital network including the Mt.
Bangued Christian Hospital is a private general hospital situated in Lorben's Hillside Compound, Torrijos Street, Zone 5, Bangued, Abra.
This was the only hospital entirely staffed by suffragists.
The Managers of the Hospital constituted a Charity, Bishop Dunbar Hospital Trust.
It is named for James Whitcomb Riley, a writer and poet who lived in Indiana.
Olympic Medical Center is a medical organization located in Port Angeles and Sequim, Washington which provides services to patients in Clallam and Jefferson counties.
More than 1200 staff, including doctors, nurses, midwives, clinical and non-clinical support staff work in St Mary's Hospital.
Two nurses who had treated this patient, Nina Pham and Amber Joy Vinson, subsequently contracted Ebola.
Manchester Memorial Hospital is a 249-bed community hospital located in central Manchester, Connecticut, an eastern Connecticut community about 10 minutes east of Hartford.
Following Ford's death, the endowment was extended in 1517 to allow six places for couples to live together.
The hospital is a member of Hong Kong Private Hospitals Association.
Located nearby are the Cumberland Hospital, NETS and Westmead Private Hospital, a division of Ramsay Health Care.
It consists of a research institute and hospital, and is now an ancillary establishment of Kanagawa Prefectural Hospital Organization.
IIUM Hospital will serve this need and be a center of excellence.
Champlain Valley Physicians Hospital Medical Ctr; Plattsburgh, NY
With nearly 1,100 physician faculty members at Indiana University Hospital, physicians, surgeons, nurses and staff care for more than 57,000 patients a year.
Hurley Medical Center is a teaching hospital serving Genesee, Lapeer, and Shiawassee counties in eastern Michigan since December 19, 1908.
It has 830 beds, 110 of which are in the critical care and recovery area.
Jamestown Hospital is a small Provincial government funded hospital for the Maletswai Local Municipality area in Jamestown, Eastern Cape in South Africa.
but is now an autonomous institution belonging to Singapore Healthcare Services.
As the centre could not accommodate all the infected patients, other hospitals were used as well.
It consists of medical cities that are scattered in many regions of Saudi Arabia.
In 2009, the hospital had 50 beds and sees over 2,500 patients every week with its 17 departments and services.
A non profit county health Center, WMMC recommends super medical care services to people of Johnson County and west central Missouri.
The hospital was officially opened in 1982 by Queen Elizabeth II.
Warwickshire Nuffield Hospital is a not-for-profit private hospital situated in the north of Leamington Spa, Warwickshire, England.
The neighbourhood where the hospital is located also became known as the Essondale neighbourhood.
The campus spans 36 city blocks and has a floor space of over 1,200,000 square feet.
Frankston Hospital is a 454 bed public hospital located in the Melbourne suburb of Frankston in Victoria, Australia.
The first building was extended between 1781 and 1788, and later expanded on over time.
As of June, 2014, the hospital had 895 employees.
A tertiary teaching hospital is needed to serve this area with the various needs of the population.
The hospital saw 21,376 day cases in the same year.
This is the first Co-operative Multi Super Specialty Hospital in South Kerala.
The hospital buildings cover about 120,774 m2.
Watford General Hospital is a 521-bed acute District General Hospital situated on Vicarage Road, Watford, Hertfordshire.
The hospital is spread over 30 acres, with 4 acres of land set aside for its Nurse's Hostel.
Beatrice West had been voted into her role as honorary secretary on 24 June 1933.
It is an acute-care facility offering medical, surgical, diagnostic and community services and is affiliated with the Penn State Milton S. Hershey Medical Center.
Sited on Lodge Hill, the clock tower is the highest point in Bristol and can be seen for miles around.
UAB also owns Viva Health, a health maintenance organization.
It is built on land that was once part of Hanwell Asylum, now St. Bernard's Hospital which is run by West London Mental Health Trust.
It is the only government run hospital owned and operated by the Clark County Commission.
The hospital primarily serves as a long-term care Hospital and Reception Centre.
It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
Le Bonheur also serves as a teaching hospital affiliated with the University of Tennessee Health Science Center and offers training in general pediatrics and pediatric sub-specialties.
This department of specialists is involved in running the playroom, the in-hospital television station, music therapy and the clown program.
New accommodation for the whole hospital was added on this site 1992-1994, and opened by the Duchess of Kent.
From 1912 to 1961, it was known as the Rosewood State Training School.
Union Hospital is a hospital in Tai Wai, Sha Tin, Hong Kong.
It lies to the south of the city centre, between the A6 road and the Lancaster Canal.
In 2006, following the Kerr report, the Belford was designated a rural general hospital.
It was later named Komfo Anokye Hospital after Okomfo Anokye, a legendary fetish priest of the Ashanti.
RMH is the Medical Services Department of the Ministry of Defense and Aviation.
It is one of the oldest hospitals in Uruguay.
Meditrina Hospital is a super-specialty hospital in the city of Kollam, India.
The hospital was closed for nine months when it was destroyed by flooding in July 2013 which caused €40 million worth of damage.
Although commonly understood to be a physical health complex, C.S.
Froedtert Hospital,, located in Wauwatosa, Wisconsin, is a teaching hospital and a Level I adult trauma center, one of two such facilities in Wisconsin.
The best known of these is the Gestational Trophoblastic Disease, detected by trophoblastic screening.
The name changed to the London Hospital in 1748, and in 1990 to the Royal London Hospital.
In total, the health system employs more than 8,000 people.
The hospital is owned by the Saskatchewan Catholic Health Corporation and was founded by the Grey Nuns.
The hospital is equipped with an operating complex, oncology department, cardiology department, 24-hour emergency service and a day surgery unit.
Willamette Valley Medical Center is a for-profit Level III acute care hospital in McMinnville, Oregon, United States.
Mary Bridge is physically connected with Tacoma General Hospital and both hospitals are owned and operated by MultiCare Health System, a Tacoma-based not-for-profit integrated health organization.
The hospital is a level 3 trauma center in Boulder County, Colorado.
It is located on a 10-hectare site in Mount Claremont, in a suburb formerly known as Graylands, after which the Hospital was named.
It became a land-based acute care hospital in the 1930s and later merged with Tufts Medical Center.
It is a 96-bed acute care facility offering health care.
The hospital, closed in 1995, was converted into a minimum-security correctional facility housing older males with geriatric/mentally challenging issues.
The Center also operates an on-site 16-bed residential Assisted Living Program that is known as Stepping Stone at Manokin.
It was closed as an asylum in 1998 and in 2001 became a campus of the Melbourne Polytechnic administered Melbourne Polytechnic's Ararat Training Centre.
Winter Haven Hospital is a hospital and health service system based in Winter Haven, Florida.
It is the principal teaching hospital for the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland.
The new hospital is dubbed as "North America's first fully digital hospital".
More than 200 medical students and resident physicians in a variety of medical and surgical specialties get their advanced training at Sinai-Grace every year.
The construction was based on the design of a stately home to help dissociate the assumption at the time that hospitals were a place of death.
Established with a significant benefaction from local philanthropist David Robinson, it was named after his mother.
The name of the hospital was derived from Albert Calmette, a renowned French bacteriologist.
It is owned and operated by the State of Maryland.
The eastern part of the site has been redeveloped as a housing estate.
The hospital has one of the largest and busiest A&E departments in the UK and serves a diverse community from Chigwell to Leyton.
It was completed in 1954 and opened in the year 1956 under the dictatorship of General Marcos Perez Jimenez .
Lloydminster Hospital is a community hospital in the border community of Lloydminster, Saskatchewan, Canada.
The hospital provides care to all patients regardless of the family’s ability to pay.
In later years it had an acute operational bed complement of approximately 370.
"Mercy Medical Center" is a hospital located in Baltimore, Maryland.
As one of the largest and most advanced medical facilities of NYC, Jacobi houses the Bronx's only burn unit and Level I pediatric trauma center.
It is the oldest and largest nonprofit, nonsectarian hospital in New Jersey.
Powick Hospital was a psychiatric facility located on 552 acres outside the village of Powick, Worcestershire.
Government Royapettah Hospital is a major state-owned hospital situated in Royapettah in Chennai, India.
The building was extensively refurbished in 2001 and new front doors were added in 2004.
Children's Hospital Los Angeles, is a non-profit hospital and is the largest regional referral center for children in critical condition who need life-saving care.
It is a Level II Trauma Center with 208 bed acute care hospital.
To increase the speed and adoption of high quality clinical and health improvements
It provides about 20 in-patient beds, a minor injuries department, a range of out-patient clinics and other support services.
The Indiana University Health Proton Therapy Center, formerly known as the Midwest Proton Radiotherapy Institute, was the first proton facility in the Midwest.
By encouraging and supporting collaboration, BDHP assists the translation and integration of cutting-edge research and innovation into healthcare delivery.
Integris Health Edmond opened October 3, 2011 in Edmond, Oklahoma.
All members of the medical staff are on the faculty of the University of Maryland School of Medicine.
The NSUH campus is home to The Feinstein Institute for Medical Research.
Wellington Hospital is the main hospital in Wellington, New Zealand, located south of the city centre in the suburb of Newtown.
TIRR Memorial Hermann's main campus offers inpatient rehabilitation in the Texas Medical Center in Houston, Texas.
Dixie Regional Medical Center is a 245-bed hospital located on two campuses in St. George, Utah, United States.
Falmouth Hospital is a private medical center located in Falmouth, Massachusetts founded in 1963.
The 2006 merger was facilitated by a $20 million donation by philanthopist Diana Blank.
It is the only hospital in Jefferson County and joined the St. Charles Health System in 2013.
The structure was built in the 1840s as a workhouse for the poor of the region.
71.9% of all admissions were made via the emergency department.
It was founded by the merchant William Ford in 1509 to provide accommodation for six elderly people: five men and one woman.
It serves as the primary teaching institution for University of Medicine, Mandalay, alongside Mandalay Workers' Hospital.
Tai Po Hospital, located in Tai Po, Hong Kong, provides assessment, extended-care and integrated rehabilitation services to elderly, chronically-ill and acute psychiatric patients.
It is situated in the suburb of Wakari, about three kilometres north-west of the city centre.
There are Calvary Health Care Tasmania campuses at:
It was located at 351 Crown Street, Surry Hills.
Livingstone Hospital is a large Provincial government funded hospital situated in Korsten, Port Elizabeth in South Africa.
It is a multi-speciality hospital, the largest in the north of Poland and one of the largest in the country.
St Helens & Knowsley Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust operates Whiston Hospital.
SOFOSH’s child care center, "Shreevatsa", has provided a home to orphan children ranging from newborns to six-year-olds.
The total capacity of the hospital is 292 beds.
Roger Williams Medical Center has an affiliation with Boston University School of Medicine.
The official opening of Chorley and South Ribble District General Hospital was performed by HRH Princess Anne on 28 April 1997.
The facility incorporates general medical, surgical and specialist services.
Opened in 1932, Beckomberga was in its mid-20th century heyday one of the largest psychiatric hospitals in Europe, housing some 2,000 mentally ill patients.
Belmont Hospital is an acute care public hospital servicing the City of Lake Macquarie in New South Wales, Australia.
Children's Castle is a children's hospital in Helsinki, Finland.
Landspítalinn also operates the psychiatric hospital Kleppur.
The Royal Hampshire County Hospital in Winchester is a District General Hospital serving much of central Hampshire.
VGH is the only one of the two hospitals which provides maternity services.
Organizations that are accredited by AASM must meet or exceed all standards for professional health care as designated by the AASM.
It is now a part of Adventist Health with the same mission.
Dr. Anna Sarah Kugler arrived in Guntur, India, Andhra Pradesh, in November 1883.
Construction commenced in late 1881 with funds provided to the Public Works Department by the colonial administration.
It is part of the University Hospitals Coventry and Warwickshire NHS Trust.
The Hospital Italiano de Buenos Aires is a private hospital in Buenos Aires, capital of Argentina.
It provides general hospital services including Accident and Emergency.
The hospital's clinic for spine services is Marina Spine Center led by Robert Watkins IV M.D., Robert Watkins III, M.D., David Chang, M.D.
It operated for 81 years, becoming the town's main hospital until 2010, when it was then closed and left abandoned.
The hospital was founded in 1983 and is based in Herzliya, Israel.
It has 328 beds and offers a wide range of healthcare services.
It is owned and operated by Sutter Health, a Northern California not-for-profit health system.
It started as a psychiatric hospital that then changed into a military base, which three years later was used again as a hospital.
It is of early nineteenth-century origin and is a Grade II Listed Building
Duside Hospital is a hospital in Firestone District, Margibi County, Liberia.
At the time, hospital CEO Deborah Stebbins said the hospital "would not be sustainable even in the near term without entering into an affiliation."
Director of the hospital is Prof. Dr. Lubomir Spasov, PhD, known cardiac surgeon and a leading specialist in liver transplantation.
In June 2009, Saint Thomas Hospital was recognized with a 2009/2010 HealthGrades Outstanding Patient Experience Award.
It is the first center all over the world with 100% successful rate in twin separation surgery.
Historical segregation of its hospital units meant that it was also called "The Gradys," a name that still surfaces among elderly Atlanta residents, especially African-Americans.
It is the main hospital for the city of Oroville, California.
There are four operating rooms, plus a fifth designated for Caesarean sections.
Mount Sinai Hospital, founded in 1852, is one of the oldest and largest teaching hospitals in the United States.
About 25% of the patients being treated at the hospital at any one time are civilians.
It is owned by the not-for-profit Carle Foundation, which also consists of Carle Physician Group and Health Alliance Medical Plans.
At 300 Longwood Avenue, Children's is adjacent both to its teaching affiliate, Harvard Medical School, and to Dana-Farber Cancer Institute.
It is the province's second largest hospital after the Queen Elizabeth Hospital.
It is part of Catholic Health Initiatives.
It is affiliated with the Near East University Faculty of Medicine.
Then Ft Myers Community Hospital was originally developed by a subsidiary of Basic American Industries called Basic American Medical in 1974.
It is named in honour of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II.
Saint Vincent Catholic Medical Centers was a healthcare system, anchored by its flagship hospital, St. Vincent's Hospital Manhattan, locally referred to as "St. Vincent's".
According to U.S. News & World Report, the hospital performs highly in diabetes & endocrinology, ear, nose & throat, geriatrics, pulmonology, and urology.
Patients could not be retained in an asylum without a warrant requesting their admission.
Her dream was realized as the American Evangelical Lutheran Mission Hospital, Guntur, India, which opened on June 22, 1897.
It is operated by Halton Healthcare, an organization which also operates Georgetown Hospital and Milton District Hospital.
It was ranked number 15 on U.S. News & World Report 2016-2017 Best Hospitals Rankings Honor Roll.
Panti Rapih Hospital is a private hospital in Yogyakarta, Indonesia.
Lady Grey Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital for the Senqu Local Municipality area in Lady Grey, Eastern Cape in South Africa.
The hospital is owned and managed by the Medical Specialist Group.
The health center opened six long-term beds in 2006 due to the increasing amount of wait times in the Fort Saskatchewan health facility.
In 2010 the hospital had 111,129 in-patient admissions, 268,922 out-patient visits and 476,616 clinic visits.
It was founded in 1893 as Hahnemann Hospital.
Simon Pierre Tchoungui, the former prime minister of East Cameroun, was medical superintendent of the hospital in 1960 before being appointed Minister of Health in 1961.
It is a part of McMaster University, but operated by Hamilton Health Sciences.
UMC is the primary hospital of the UMC Health System and is owned by the taxpayers of Lubbock County.
Dr. H. Gordon Roberts Hospital, Shillong or KJP Hospital, is one of the oldest medical Centres in Meghalaya.
The hospital is located at 1493 Cambridge Street, between Inman Square and Harvard Square.
Wilson Medical Center is a 294-bed hospital located in Wilson, North Carolina, serving Wilson and the surrounding counties.
Today the growing pediatric healthcare system consist of the following:
St. Boniface is a regional centre for cardiac care, and is one of two specialized laboratory testing facilities.
It is a relatively large hospital, though smaller than Royal Devon and Exeter Hospital and Derriford Hospital.
It opened in 1848 as a ward of the Asylum at Tarban Creek in New South Wales.
He signed autographs and gave away sweets and records to the little patients.
The hospital now has 200 expert doctors[2] and 2200 working staffs.
The Medical Laboratories have been continuously accredited by the College of American Pathologist since 2002.
Local MP Dan Poulter was pictured opening the refurbished Brook Maternity ward in December 2013.
With very few funds, and working as a teacher part-time, she started a small dispensary and began planning for a hospital for women.
Spanish Town Hospital is a hospital in Spanish Town, Jamaica.
National Jewish Health is an academic medical research facility located in Denver, Colorado specializing in respiratory, cardiac, immune and allergic disorders.
Medway Maritime Hospital is a general hospital in Gillingham, England within the NHS South East Coast.
When fully functional the 250-bed specialized institute would have an international standard audio-vestibular lab, sleep lab and voice study lab.
Clinical Center is located in the capital of Vojvodina, in Novi Sad.
212 patients were employed in farming duties and 106 worked in the gardens.
The Calderdale Royal Hospital is a hospital situated in the English town of Halifax.
It is a locally controlled, not-for-profit 465-bed hospital that offers "cardiac, medical, surgical, pediatric, rehabilitative, psychiatric, cancer, neurological, pain care, wound care and home care" services.
Hôpital Saint-Luc is a hospital in Montreal, Quebec, Canada at the intersection of Saint Denis Street and René Lévesque Boulevard in the borough of Ville-Marie.
Kilmarnock Infirmary was a former general hospital in Kilmarnock, Ayrshire.
Milford Regional Medical Center, is a full-service, community and regional non-profit, teaching hospital located in Milford, Massachusetts.
Norman Roth is president of Greenwich Hospital, which is a nonprofit institution governed by a volunteer board of trustees.
It is located in the Stow Hill area and is named after Saint Gwynllyw.
It provides services to the entire Illawarra and Shoalhaven Region, encompassing population of approximately 350,000.
After the election, the Alberta government announced revised plans to add beds to the hospital.
Norwood Hospital is a hospital in Norwood, Massachusetts founded as Willett Cottage Hospital in 1902.
Cape Breton Regional Hospital operates as a tertiary care referral hospital for residents of Cape Breton Island.
Shahid Gangalal National Heart Centre is a hospital which provides cardiac care, diagnostic and treatment procedures in Kathmandu, Nepal.
St. Mary’s is an integral part of the Réseau universitaire intégré de santé McGill.
It was designed by Richard Ingleman and built of Headington stone.
Garfield Medical Center has an annual revenue about $1.2 billion, and with 970 employees, the hospital is the second largest employer in Monterey Park.
In 2014, Premier Wynne and Ontario Minister of Energy Bob Chiarelli announced the approval of a new Acute Care of the Elderly Unit at QCH.
In addition a dental implant centre with diagnostic and therapeutic capabilities is also established.
Although founded by the Presbyterian missionaries, it is subsequently affiliated with the Convention of Philippine Baptist Churches, but independent.
In 1996, Women & Infants Hospital was a founding member of the Care New England Health System.
Major specialities include interventional cardiology and cardiothoracic surgery, obstetrics, neurosurgery and orthopaedics, paediatrics, ENT, hand surgery, oncology and general surgery.
The VHHSC is the second largest hospital in Canada, with 1,900 beds and nearly 116,000 patients each year.
NSUH also excels in intensive care for newborn and pediatric patients.
This hospital was established in the year 1998.
Navicent Health is the second largest hospital in Georgia, behind Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta.
It is Kowloon West Cluster's major acute teaching hospital, and also a Neurosurgical and Antenatal Diagnosis referral centre.
It features equipment and facilities including an Open MRI, a 3T MRI and 64-Slice CT Scan, 10 Operating Rooms with telemedicine capabilities, an I.V.F.
The hospital was renamed Appleton Medical Center in 1984.
Eastern Maine Medical Center is a hospital located in Bangor, Maine that serves communities throughout central, eastern, and northern Maine.
The Stephen Hospital is situated in upper Speyside and serves the inhabitants of Dufftown and the surrounding area.
The hospital is the second largest employer in Napa County
The National University Hospital of Iceland offers diverse clinical services in outpatient clinics, day patient units, inpatient wards, clinical laboratories and other divisions.
In 2013, the Kochon Prize, Stop TB Partnership is attributed to the Delek hospital, but China is pressuring the WHO.
Both these distinguished ladies were the respective wives of successive British Governors in Ceylon - Sir Arthur Havelock and Sir Joseph West Ridgeway.
UMC's Children's Unit is a part of the Children's Miracle Network and includes a pediatric intensive care unit and a neonatal intensive care unit.
It is run by NHS Western Isles, the local health board.
Founded in 1971, the hospital is also a district hospital serving the neighbouring cities of Chigasaki and Kamakura.
The central pavilion was completed in 1881.
It was home to the first successful heart transplant in the UK and one of the world's first beating-heart transplants.
The Sir Michael Sobell House Hospice is an Oxford-based hospice serving the residents of Oxfordshire, England affected by life-limiting illness.
Aintree University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust is an NHS Foundation Trust located in the suburb of Fazakerley, in the city of Liverpool, England.
Only five percent of all hospitals are children’s hospitals, making them unique not only to children’s health care needs in the community, but across the region.
The hospital's medical center included accident, laboratory, physiotherapy and radiology services, a pharmacy and specialist consulting rooms.
Specialist clinics in endometriosis, chronic pelvic pain, menopause symptoms after cancer, infertility are also available.
Mbale Regional Referral Hospital, commonly known as Mbale Hospital is a hospital in Mbale, Eastern Uganda.
The last class of the Maryland General Hospital School of Nursing graduated in January 1987, when the Hospital's nursing school closed.
It has 400 beds and a wide range of acute care services, including an Accident & Emergency department.
the largest construction project to date in the Fraser Valley,
Hurun Report ranked AM Arun as the 244th richest Indian with ₹2,314 crore fortune in its 2015 list.
located in the Robina CBD, is a teaching hospital for Bond University and Griffith University.
Mater Dei Hospital, also known simply as Mater Dei, is an acute general and teaching hospital, offering hospital services and specialist services.
Pierre Boucher Hospital is a Canadian hospital located on Jacques Cartier Boulevard in Longueuil, Quebec.
They provide acute and specialist services to 2.5 million people within Nottingham and surrounding communities from the Queen’s Medical Centre and the City Hospital campuses.
The hospital has a library with many current textbooks.
DHMC is New Hampshire's only Level I Trauma Center, one of only three in northern New England, and it includes New Hampshire's only air ambulance service.
The Royal Victorian Eye and Ear Hospital is a specialist public teaching hospital in East Melbourne, Australia.
It is the largest NHS Trust in the UK.
It is classified as a secondary care facility.
It also houses the national heart and lung transplant programme.
The Nepean Hospital Surgical Wing was opened on 12 March 2012.
This location lies approximately 190 kilometres, by road, west of Gulu, the largest city in Northern Uganda.
The present hospital was opened in 1973, although it was originally established in 1818, several miles away in central London.
With the addition of two pediatric surgeons since 2013, RiverBend is now the only hospital outside of the Portland area to offer pediatric surgery.
It is part of the University Health Network.
Health Empowerment Program, which provides a series of health seminars free of charge to the community.
Rush–Copley Medical Center in Aurora, Illinois is a 210-bed hospital in the greater Fox Valley area.
Union Hospital is a not-for-profit healthcare system in west central Indiana.
It is licensed for 683 acute and rehab care beds.
The Diocese merged St. Joseph and Our Lady of Fatima Hospitals in the 1970s.
Peace Arch Hospital is a 146-bed acute care facility owned and operated by Fraser Health.
Providence Saint John's Health Center is a private not-for-profit, Roman Catholic hospital in Santa Monica, California, United States.
Harbor Hospital also offers a medical residency program in internal medicine and a transitional program that prepares residents to specialize in other areas.
It opened in November 2012 and is operated by Spire Healthcare, the second largest provider of private healthcare in the United Kingdom.
The hospital was used in 2003 to house the majority of the patients infected by the SARS coronavirus.
It was established in 1880, and has been at its present site since 1924.
Karmanos has one of the largest clinical trials programs in the nation, giving patients access to more than 100 treatments often available only at Karmanos.
The Karolinska University Hospital is closely affiliated with the Karolinska Institutet.
Part of Catholic Health, it is also a teaching hospital.
Sitting on a land area of 45,000 square metres, Danat Al Emarat has 150 beds and is managed by Singaporean healthcare provider, Parkway Health.
It was announced in 2003 that they will be moving to 2 floors of the new Montfort Hospital.
It has 1,025 licensed beds and is one of the major centers for patient care, medical training and research North Texas.
There is a BHU at Dechencholing and the Outreach Clinic in Motithang.
The Duke Cancer Institute is a National Cancer Institute-designated Comprehensive Cancer Center, research facility, and hospital.
The Hotel also provides a comfortable stay for Medical Staff of the Texoma Medical Center Hospital.
Cornerstone Regional Hospital does not provide services to patients who need obstetrics, telemetry or intensive care.
Patients benefit from a recovery-oriented environment of care built on compassion, inspiration and hope.
It is one of the largest hospitals in Western Canada with more than 700 beds.
In 2014, the combined organizations had 174,675 inpatient admissions, 16,229 births and 492,148 emergency visits.
The hospital began in 1972 when a group of residents identified the need for improved health care for the residents of the area.
Service lines include adult and adolescent acute psychiatric admissions, long term inpatient care, medical-psychiatric hospitalization, forensic evaluation services, inpatient psychiatric research, and assisted living services.
Tuen Mun Hospital is a public hospital, with a 24-hour accident and emergency department, situated in Tuen Mun, New Territories, Hong Kong.
Mary Baer took over as acting superintendent for the hospital when Dr. Kugler went on furlough.
It is located on Kungsholmen, a small island in the lake Mälaren in the city center.
From 1934 the Director of Mental Hygiene and from 1952 the Chief Medical Officer of the Mental Hygiene Branch were successively responsible for admission of patients.
Baylor St. Luke's Medical Center is the private adult hospital of the Baylor College of Medicine jointly owned with CHI St. Luke’s Health.
The institution was founded in 1859 by Queen Emma and King Kamehameha IV, and is located in Downtown Honolulu.
The hospital was recently ranked 2nd in Canada for research according to Research Infosource Inc.
Haven Ward which is a PICU for Inpatients that demonstrate severe acute illness on separate - male and female Wards.
Nicklaus Children's Hospital is South Florida’s only licensed specialty hospital exclusively for children with more than 650 attending physicians and over 130 pediatric sub-specialists.
The hospital is the largest osteopathic teaching center in the United States, training 126 resident physicians in primary and sub-specialty care each year.
It has 161 beds and employees over 350 medical professionals.
Key departments of this hospital lead the leading position in China.
Raulerson Hospital is a hospital and health service system based in Okeechobee, Florida.
The current Førde Heliport, Central Hospital opened in September 2014.
There are currently five wards still in use in the facility which are all situated in old buildings and which provide eighty-four beds for psychiatric patients.
It is the office of many WHO collaborating centres in Thailand.
Falmouth Hospital is located just west of Palmer Avenue just south off of TerHeun Drive.
It is one of the largest NHS trusts in England and together with Imperial College London forms an academic health science centre.
Navicent also has a large children's hospital inside the hospital.
It is associated with the University of Bern.
It also has more than 200,000 outpatient visits and services and 50,000 emergency room visits annually.
It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II listed building.
The hospital has a total of 386 general beds and was founded in 1858.
Sydney Hospital became a teaching hospital of the University of Sydney in 1909.
R Adams Cowley Shock Trauma Center is a free-standing trauma hospital in Baltimore, Maryland and is part of the University of Maryland Medical Center.
Community Memorial Hospital of San Buenaventura is a 242-bed community-based teaching hospital located in Ventura, California.
It is expected to have 642 beds and the capacity to handle 800,000 ambulatory visits per year.
The hospital is owned and administered by the Southern Health NHS Foundation Trust and replaced the older Lymington Hospital.
University Hospital Center Dr Dragiša Mišović is a health facility of secondary level in Belgrade, that performs specialist health care in its hospitals and clinics.
Koirala Memorial Cancer Hospital is a hospital of Nepal located in Bharatpur.
Since June 29, 2015 it is the only hospital in Lithuania to have highest level Trauma and Emergency Center for both – adult and children.
The facility is located at 201 Georgian Drive in Barrie, Ontario, Canada.
In October 2010, SJRMC received a three-year accreditation by Det Norske Veritas.
Cooper University Hospital is a teaching hospital and biomedical research facility located in Camden, New Jersey.
Washington Pediatric Hospital also has a unit at Prince George's Hospital Center in Cheverly, Maryland.
By 1947 the hospital had 100 beds, and that year it changed its name to Holladay Park Hospital with plans to expand to 200 beds.
It was planned and designed to especially serve the surrounding South Los Angeles communities' needs, including those of underinsured or uninsured patients.
The hospital used to be an acute hospital with accident and emergency service.
The Royal Buckinghamshire Hospital is a hospital founded in 1832 in response to the cholera epidemic that swept across England at that time.
UCSF Benioff Children's Hospital Oakland is one of only five ACS Pediatric Level 1 trauma centers in California.
Established in 2008, it is one of two Sacred Heart facilities in the Eugene-Springfield area owned by PeaceHealth.
The hospital was founded in 1506 by Thomas Bond, a draper who became Mayor of Coventry in 1497.
It is a major teaching hospital affiliated with the faculty of Health Sciences at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev whose campus is adjacent to the hospital.
Tampa General Hospital is a level one trauma center, with a five-helicopter fleet, serving 23 counties.
Taipei Medical University Hospital is a health care facility in Taiwan that was founded in 1976.
Denmar is a private psychiatric hospital situated in the east of Pretoria.
The hospital has a full time Psychiatrist since December 2015.
A renowned community activist herself, she died at age 32 at her home while giving birth.
The South Okkalapa Maternal and Child Hospital is a 150-bedded specialist public hospital in South Okkalapa Township of Yangon.
32,672 patients presented to the emergency department.
It was one of the first hospitals in the UK to be built under the Private Finance Initiative.
Desert Valley Hospital is an 83-bed Osteopathic acute care facility in the city of Victorville, San Bernardino County, California.
It is one of the 40 Gauteng provincial hospitals, and is financed and managed by the Gauteng Provincial Department of Health.
Besides being the state's primary source of tertiary care, UNMH s also the region's primary safety-net hospital.
The hospital was founded on May 1, 1970 and at the time has 99 beds.
This private hospital is one of the largest and leading private medical facilities in Mindanao.
The Medical Center of Aurora serves Aurora, Colorado and the eastern Denver-Aurora Metropolitan Area with three separate campuses providing a wide range of health care services.
Active international contacts are held with medical facilities all over the world.
The hospital had an emergency department, 193 beds, and also provided outpatient services.
SLVRMC is a not-for-profit hospital operating under the corporation of the "Lutheran Hospital Association".
The hospital has a temple, the Charity Chapel, built in Greek style by Miguel Estévez in 1798.
It is the largest addiction treatment hospital in the UK and since its founding in 1988 it has treated over 10,000 patients.
Eagle Ridge Hospital is a medical facility located in Port Moody, British Columbia, on the Port Moody/Coquitlam border.
The following specialties were ranked in the top 10: diabetes and endocrinology; neurology and neurosurgery; cancer; urology; nephrology; gynecology; geriatrics; rheumatology.
It is teaching facility of University of Patras' School of Medicine and has earned a reputation as a respected medical center.
The AASM is the highest level of accreditation for sleep centers across the US.
Legacy Emanuel Medical Center is a medical facility located in Portland, Oregon, United States.
Before the merger, the facility was known as Beth Israel Medical Center.
Howard is the only HBCU ranked in the top 75 on the 2015 Bloomberg Businessweek college rankings.
Camden and Campbelltown Hospitals share a network of staff and services, working closely with healthcare providers such as Sydney Children’s Hospital.
The Fifth Affiliated Hospital of Xinjiang Medical University is a teaching hospital in Urumqi, Xinjiang, China affiliated with Xinjiang Medical University.
Midland Regional Hospital, Mullingar is a public hospital located in Mullingar, County Westmeath, Ireland.
This damage is often caused by traffic accidents and progressive neurological conditions such as Huntington's disease and multiple sclerosis.
U.S. News & World Report ranked Texas Children's Hospital #4 amongst 200 pediatric hospitals in the nation for nine consecutive years.
Most general services moved to the larger hospital.
1978 the original building was demolised and replaced.
From November 2011 hosts the activities of the Maternal Infant of the Presidium of Varese.
It comprises the Credit Valley Hospital, Mississauga Hospital, and Queensway Health Centre.
The health center was founded as St. Joseph's Hospital in 1903 by the Nazareth Convent and Academy in Concordia.
In 1924, following a change of proprietors, it was renamed Old Manor Hospital and in 1955 it was amalgamated into the National Health Service.
Memorial Hospital of South Bend is a short-term acute care hospital located in South Bend, Indiana.
The former Ellis Fischel Cancer Center was located on Business Loop 70 West.
The hospital is the largest rural hospital in the Saskatoon Health Region system.
The hospital is located in Karvasmäki, Espoo, Finland.
the first new hospital built in the province in 30 years,
It has 25 long stay beds for inpatient care and a day hospital which provides assessment and rehabilitation facilities.
72.8% of admissions were made via the accident and emergency department or 16,720 patients.
The hospital also participates in clinical trials of research discoveries.
Key features of the hospital include 52 patient bedrooms, 15 outpatient consulting rooms, 3 major operating theatres, endoscopy suite, radiology and physiotherapy departments.
The Yarra Bend Asylum was situated near the junction of Merri Creek and the Yarra River near the former site of Fairlea Women's Prison.
Outpatient care began on 1 April 2002.
Houston Methodist is one of the most comprehensive teaching hospitals in the United States, with leading specialists in every field of medicine.
A few services relating to brain and head injuries remained at the site after December 2014.
It has an internal medicine residency program and is a major academic affiliate of Yale School of Medicine.
Wycombe MP Steve Baker commissioned a report from the Durrow healthcare consultancy in 2014.
SOFOSH was started in August 1964 by a group of Pune citizens for the welfare of poor patients of Sassoon Hospitals.
Genesis is the largest employer in Scott County, Iowa and the third largest in the Quad City area with 4900 employees and 1000 volunteers.
In the mid-twentieth century, the facility experienced significant overcrowding problems, with a peak of nearly 3,600 patients.
The hospital later became a charity organisation, and extended its services to include schools, homes for the elderly, social welfare and other areas.
It is also the teaching clinic of universities like the Second Military Medical University.
It has a registered capacity of 300 beds.
Ochsner Medical Center – Kenner, also called Ochsner Kenner, is a hospital in Kenner, Louisiana, United States.
Originally built in 1938 and expanded during World War II the hospital is located to the north of Spitalfield Lane in the northeast of the city.
The hospital operates ten different residency training programs.
The hospital has 929 beds, and it is estimated that 65% of the patients served come from within 15 kilometres of the hospital.
Less said the better about the inside.
The old building now houses the Judge Business School.
Its neonatologists specialize in the treatment of high-risk and premature newborns.
In attempting to reconstruct the Globe Theatre, Shakespeare scholars have used Ford's Hospital to understand Elizabethan doorways.
It also houses a rudimentary 6-bed Emergency Department.
It forms part of the Bon Secours Health System, the largest private healthcare network in Ireland, which includes hospitals in Dublin, Galway, and Tralee.
Gerold Bepler is president and chief executive officer.
It had 310 acute beds in 2007, now reduced to 223, including 24 specifically for day cases.
This 250-bed cardiac health care institute is a major institute and hospital in Pakistan.
Established on March 20, 2007 with attendance of Parliament Speaker Mr Bulent Arınç.
University College Hospital, Ibadan is a federal teaching hospital in Ibadan attached to the University of Ibadan.
Chavakachcheri Hospital is a government hospital in Chavakachcheri, Sri Lanka.
Renamed from Hughes Spalding Pavilion, it reopened in 1992 as a pediatric hospital.
It is a teaching hospital and it is the main university hospital affiliated with the Jessenius School of Medicine.
It provides a comprehensive range of medical and surgical specialities.
Its mission includes assuring the health of PLA and China's leaders.
The NU Hospital Group is part of the Västra Götaland Regional Council.
The Parkview Physicians Group  is also part of the Parkview Health System.
This hospital provides primary and selected tertiary care services.
Children’s Medical Center Plano is a children's hospital located in Plano, Texas, USA.
Rikshospitalet is also responsible for health care to the Norwegian Royal Family.
There has been much controversy over the recent 'decline of services' in this hospital.
In 2015, the Betty Ford Center opened an outpatient addiction treatment clinic in West Los Angeles.
The hospital has a general medicine, general surgery, obstetrics and gynaecology, paediatrics, aged care, rehabilitation and psychiatry service.
It is the largest hospital in eastern Uganda, with a bed capacity of 600, although many more patients are admitted, with many sleeping on the floor.
The building was developed by Alberta Infrastructure, and the first phase was built at a cost of $1.31 billion.
Free Wi-Fi is provided in four of its wards, together with tablet computers for patients and their carers to use to help pass the time.
Kulliyyah of Medicine has now expanded into postgraduate activities.
In 1969 it was moved, by Chairman Mao, to Chaoyang but returned to Shenyang in 1983.
It is located in Çayırova on the highway   at the Bayramoğlu exit, close to Sabiha Gökçen International Airport.
Dr. Suneel Bhanu and well attended by various dignitaries.
KSMC's ER department is one of the busiest in the country.
The CBM Star of Hope Hospital is located in Akiveedu, West Godavari District, Andhra Pradesh, India.
It provides specialist tertiary-level healthcare to the Melbourne's south-east.
Ysbyty Ystrad Fawr replaced the 85-year-old Caerphilly District Miners Hospital, Ystrad Mynach Hospital, Ty Sirhowy Mental Health Unit and smaller community hospitals.
Additionally, the sleep center's goals must be clearly stated and include plans for positively affecting the quality of medical care in the community it serves.
Advocate Sherman Hospital is a hospital in Elgin, Illinois.
St. John’s mission is to provide Central Illinois with value-based health services in the Catholic tradition of compassion, care, justice and reverence for all life.
One year later, the hospital was moved to 4815 Alameda Avenue in El Paso.
Both hospitals were administered by the Royal Berkshire and Battle Hospitals NHS Trust.
The Royal Northern Hospital was a general hospital on Holloway Road, London N7, near Tollington Way.
University Hospitals of Cleveland is a major not-for-profit medical complex in Cleveland, Ohio, United States.
There are 28 beds for inpatients in the hospital ward including 6 single rooms and the largest bay having 6 beds.
The Huddersfield Royal Infirmary originally had its own School of Nursing.
It was the first private hospital to open in Cork in 90 years.
Indu and Raj Soin Medical Center is a full-service hospital located in Beavercreek, Ohio next to the Mall at Fairfield Commons.
It is the first Delhi Government tertiary care hospital in Trans-Yamuna area, catering to the East Delhi population as well as patients from adjacent states.
It is a Catholic hospital member of the Franciscan Missionaries of Our Lady Health System.
The hospital was officially opened by Queen Elizabeth II on 8 November 1996.
St Luke's Hospital is headed by a board of directors and various committees that oversee the daily operations of the hospital.
The hospital, financed with a large donation from C.S.
St. Luke's provides a Level III trauma center.
Khoo Teck Puat Hospital is a 590-bed hospital located at Yishun in Singapore.
It is also home to the West Sussex Breast Screening service.
While the hospital currently participates with various hospital alliances and associations, it remains an independent facility.
Between April 2011 and March 2012, Concordia hospital provided 1,507 hip and knee surgeries, nearly 50% more than any other Winnipeg facility.
The hospital is a member of MedStar Health, a community-based network of Baltimore/Washington, D.C. area hospitals and other health care services.
Charleston Area Medical Center is the primary medical facility for the city of Charleston.
It is located at 327 Prince Edward Road West, in the Kowloon City District of Kowloon.
A new block at that hospital, built to accommodate the extra capacity required to support this move, was named the Battle Block.
The hospital became affiliated with the Baptist General Convention in 1953.
It is also recognised as a multi-organ transplant specialty hospital.
In January 2008, Mercy Hospital merged with Pittsburgh health care giant UPMC, taking on its current name UPMC Mercy.
Founded in 1956, the hospital now has 1000-odd beds.
The association FVH Medicine Vietnam was established for free of charge medical care for children who require surgery.
It is one of the largest mental hospitals in Asia.
Women & Children's Hospital of Buffalo is a children's hospital in Buffalo, New York.
Main hospital complex has 55.000 square meter closed area and 203 bed capacity.
It is a private sector hospital, and is located in the New Territories.
The University Hospital of Northern British Columbia is the largest Level III trauma centre in Northern BC.
The medical staff at the hospital includes full-time Baylor faculty, as well as community physicians.
He is attributed with organising the society as well as being a mentor to Aneurin Bevan who went to be Minister of Health.
Craig provides housing for out-of-state families and outpatients, including the first 30 days free for families of new inpatients.
Southwest General Health Center is certified as a Level III Trauma Center and a Primary Stroke Center.
UOHI cares for more than 100,000 cardiac patients each year, and patient satisfaction is among the highest in Ontario, averaging 98 percent.
The Somerset Hospital in the Green Point area of Cape Town, South Africa opened in 1864 and has been declared a provincial heritage site.
Founded in 1893, and originally located in downtown Riverside, California, the hospital has since relocated.
It was started in 1918 by Sisters of Mercy, an order of Roman Catholic women founded by Catherine McAuley in Dublin, Ireland in 1831.
The Arlington Street location was eventually replaced by a building in the St James area, for which construction began in 1964.
It is affiliated with the University Health Systems of Eastern Carolina.
The 364 bed luxury hospital, part of Cleveland Clinic Foundation, USA, has been open to the public since May 2015.
It was a private sector hospital, and was located in Saint Heliers.
The Royal Victoria Hospital, popularly known as the "Royal Vic" or "The Vic", is a hospital in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
At times during televised Hawkeye football games, the hospital can be seen in the background.
Bedford Hospital NHS Trust is a 400-bed district general hospital located in the English town of Bedford, serving north and mid Bedfordshire.
The facility is owned and operated by the Michigan Department of Corrections.
It is a 231 bed acute care hospital, and was built in 1989.
Hvidovre Hospital is a hospital located in Hvidovre near Copenhagen in Denmark.
It is part of a complex of care facilities now operated by Covenant Health Systems, a Roman Catholic non-profit organization based in Massachusetts.
The world's first valve-sparing aortic root replacement was done by Dr. Tirone David at Toronto General Hospital in 1992.
It is the leading hospital in Trincomalee District and is controlled by the provincial government in Trincomalee.
Initially the hospital was devoted to the treatment of patients with fevers.
NPİSTANBUL Neuropsychiatry Hospital is the first Neuropsychiatric Hospital in Turkey.
It was established in March 1925 as Braithwaite Memorial Hospital and originally served as a medical facility for senior civil servants.
Summa Akron City Hospital, part of Summa Health System, was founded in 1892 in Akron, Ohio, United States.
It is a part of University Hospitals Case Medical Center, formerly University Hospitals of Cleveland.
Although the hospitals are both affiliated with Mount Sinai, they operate effectively as separate entities.
The groundbreaking ceremony was held in Ankara on 22 October 2013.
The hospital's location was influenced by the nearby construction of a new 4-lane expressway alignment for Route 2.
It housed up to 80 residents, some whom lived there for 20 years if not more.
It is now run by the Health Service Executive, providing psychiatric services for the population of County Carlow and County Kilkenny.
The model of Aravind Eye Care hospitals has been applauded and has become a subject for numerous case studies across the world.
The hospital is a major hospital in southern Kowloon.
The center was opened in 2011, under the auspices of the National Priority Project «Public Health».
The hospital closed on April 21, 2015.
Between 1913 and 1926 the house was the official residence of the Anglican Bishop of St Albans and was sometimes referred to as the Bishop's Palace.
The hospital was located in Joliet, Illinois, before it relocated to its new campus on February 26, 2012 in New Lenox, Illinois.
Dhulikhel Hospital, a Kathmandu University hospital, is an independent, not for profit, non-government hospital in Dhulikhel, Kavrepalanchok, Nepal.
Bethesda Hospital is one of only two long-term acute care hospitals in Minnesota.
Its central facilities include 90 distinct services across inpatient, outpatient, day treatment, and partial hospitalization models.
Baycrest is a research and education hospital on Bathurst Street in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
At a distance of approximately 20 kilometres from the city centre and easily accessible to the general population.
The West End Hospital is a 40-bed private health care facility in Kumasi, Ghana.
Palms of Pasadena Hospital is a hospital located in St. Petersburg, Florida.
Have no medical insurance of any kind.
The nearest London Underground stations are Euston Square and Warren Street, with Goodge Street nearby.
Committed to advanced care and advanced caring, BDFRMS Hospitals Health System offers the region's largest network of primary care physicians, outpatient center and hospital.
Victoria General Hospital is an acute care facility located in View Royal, British Columbia, Canada, a western suburb of Victoria.
SOMOSO General Hospital is a privately owned, level 2 Secondary facility and multi-specialty hospital located in Panabo City, Philippines.
It is also home to America's first surgical amphitheatre and its first medical library.
St. Michael's Hospital is a teaching hospital and medical centre in Downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
It also has two inpatient wards used for rehabilitation and medicine for the elderly.
This is approximately 28 kilometres, by road, south-west of Kampala, the capital and largest city of Uganda.
The Green Memorial Hospital is a non-profit hospital in Manipay, Sri Lanka.
The Red Cross helped repair the hospital and provided tents to serve as temporary shelter for hospital staff.
TIRR Memorial Hermann is a teaching hospital for Baylor College of Medicine and University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston.
Shatin Hospital provides services in medicine and geriatrics, surgery, adult psychiatry, psychogeriatrics, oncology and hospice care.
The population served by the hospital numbers 144,450.
Clinical researchers study issues such as medication effects, course of recovery, psychological factors and treatment outcomes.
In 1994, Verulam House was sold by the Diocese of St Albans and a trust fund set up with the proceeds.
The building had deteriorated to the point where it was not cost-effective to retain it as a medical facility.
In 2013, a group known as the Sunbury Asylum Alliance was established with the aim to reclaim the site for a community, training and tourism hub.
During its history it bore many names: Yersin Hospital, Hospital of Vietnam - GDR Friendship, Viet Duc Hospital.
It has 22 operating theatres, 3,200 full-time employees, 240 eminent consultants and 200 resident doctors.
The Royal Children's Hospital is a major children's hospital in Melbourne, Australia.
TGH teaches resident physicians, nurses, and technicians; it also conducts research through the Toronto General Research Institute.
CTO Hospital is a major medical center in Turin, Italy.
The hospital also has a minor injury unit, X-ray department, and a range of outpatient clinics are also held on site.
The hospital was founded by the Sisters of the Little Company of Mary, and is part of the Providence Health & Services.
In addition to full daily clinics in all of the major specialty areas, there are also focused programs in pediatric eye care and pediatric dentistry.
Sonoma Valley Hospital is a hospital located in Sonoma, California, United States.
Saint Francis Memorial is a member of the Dignity Health network, and is San Francisco’s only downtown hospital.
Dermatology - This ward includes day case and outpatients
Kwai Chung Hospital is a psychiatric hospital in Kwai Chung, Hong Kong, located near Princess Margaret Hospital.
St. Luke's General Hospital, Kilkenny is a public hospital located in Kilkenny, Ireland.
Mpilo is a public hospital, and referral centre for the Matabeleland North, Matabeleland South and Midlands provinces of Zimbabwe.
The main building was completed in 1968.
It also provides a variety of out-patient services.
Bridges to Recovery opened in 2003 to serve patients suffering from psychiatric disorders including bipolar, anxiety, trauma, and depression.
The hospital has 33,614 admissions and performs 14,937 inpatient and 3,972 outpatient surgeries.
It is the only superspecialist institute of Bihar.
Until 2004, it was the only local hospital to perform heart surgery.
The hospital was announced on January 16, 1981.
As a teaching hospital, it facilitates final year medical students from Guangxi Medical University, Guilin Medical University.
Hairmyres Hospital is a district general hospital in East Kilbride, South Lanarkshire, Scotland.
The hospital has three theatres, 30 beds and 14 consulting rooms.
As of September 1, 2010, Bayshore Community Hospital was acquired by Meridian Health Systems.
The hospital is part of the West Moreton Hospital and Health Service which provides services for over 250,000 people within the 9,521 kilometre West Moreton region.
Currently under construction and soon to be opened is the Non-Invasive Medicine Centre.
Centinela Hospital Medical Center continues to operate after being purchased by Prime Healthcare Services in 2007.
Royal Perth Hospital is a 450-bed teaching hospital located on the northeastern edge of the CBD of Perth, Western Australia.
The facility has obtained the rating of Level I Trauma Center, one of only three in Northern New England.
It used to be a medical complex in Singapore specialising in the treatment of patients with mental illnesses.
The hospital is located in the town of Ishaka, Bushenyi District, Western Uganda.
The hospital has 369 beds and over 500 physicians on the medical staff, and has a certified Level II Intensive Care Nursery.
The hospital's location, at one of the highest points in Hamilton County, affords a panoramic view of the Cincinnati basin below.
The hospital also houses a Level III neonatal intensive care unit and FDNY EMS Station 20.
The general admissions program cares for 4,000 patients per year in-hospital, and about 40,000 as outpatients.
Thus, patients are typically not severely ill or injured.
Diseases treated included typhoid, diphtheria, cholera, smallpox, poliomyelitis and scarlet fever, and in its final years, HIV/AIDS became very prominent.
Wake Forest Innovations, an operating division that drives innovation through partnerships, education, licensing and start-ups.
The hospital handles mostly chronic cases like TB and HIV/AIDS.
The hospital was where the Piano Man was taken after being found wandering in a soaking wet suit and tie.
University Hospitals Portage Medical Center is a 117-staffed-bed hospital located in Ravenna, Ohio, United States, that serves the residents of Portage County and surrounding communities.
The hospital is currently located at the former St. Luke’s Medical Center, located on Bertner Street in the Texas Medical Center in Houston.
Trondheim Heliport, St. Olav's Hospital is a helipad located adjacent to the emergency ward.
The hospital has 3,300 employees and 577 beds.
It is also the first teaching hospital in the region, accepting residents to teaching positions beginning in 1848, one year after opening its doors.
The hospital is run by Tees, Esk and Wear Valleys NHS Trust who have over 20 hospitals and inpatient services.
Lucia Health Care and MedCentral Multispecialty and Diagnostic Center, two leading ambulatory and diagnostic centers providing outpatient medical services in Metro Manila.
They are all connected by the Indiana University Health People Mover.
Especially in treating central lung cancer, giant liver cancer, and pancreatic cancer, it makes a lot of achievements and obtains domestic and international awards many times.
Cambridge Health Alliance is a healthcare provider in Cambridge, Somerville and Boston’s metro-north communities in Massachusetts.
The Old Manor Hospital was a psychiatric hospital in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England.
Tan Tock Seng Hospital is one of Singapore’s largest multi-disciplinary hospitals.
The hospital began in the old Clarence Hotel.
Kizawa Memorial Hospital is a semi-public non-for-profit general hospital located in central Japan.
Kugler Hospital is a Landmark of Guntur City.
The hospital is keeping its gynecological services.
Corona Regional Medical Center is a for-profit hospital in Corona, California that is owned and operated by Universal Health Services.
It was established by Chaudhry Pervaiz Elahi former chief minister of Punjab province of Pakistan in 2006.
Founded in 1834 as Carlow/Kildare Lunatic Asylum, it was taken over by the Irish Government in 1971.
Often referred to simply as the Bowen Road Hospital, the first generation hospital was a 150-bed hospital constructed of red brick.
The TBRHSC is a leader in providing cancer care.
The hospital is very close to exit 10 off Interstate 83.
Bass' father, Harry W. Bass, Sr. was born in Enid in 1895.
Aaron Altherr, outfielder for the Philadelphia Phillies, holds dual citizenship
Christian Medical Association of India, New Delhi
Located nearby is Ghelamco Arena, a stadium that opened in 2013.
There was a small 24-hour minor casualty unit staffed by nurses.
Patients were also transferred from Yarra Bend Asylum.
The University of New Mexico Hospital is a teaching hospital located in Albuquerque, New Mexico, north of The University of New Mexico's Main Campus.
It is one of only two hospitals run by The Hillingdon Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, the other being Mount Vernon Hospital.
Purpose built with 116 secure beds, the hospital opened in April 2000.
In early 2007, The Pavilion was completed, featuring the newly expanded Batte Cancer Center and Sanger Heart & Vascular.
Among its services are obstetric and gynecological care, outpatient medical care, surgical specialties such as orthopaedics and plastic surgery, therapeutic support and emergency care.
Their other locations are: St. Nicholas Hospital, Maryland, St. Nicholas Clinics, Lekki Free Trade Zone, St. Nicholas Clinics, 7b Etim Inyang Street, Victoria Island.
It provides outpatient services, inpatient facilities, intensive care and a 24-hour emergency care service for children referred by GPs and other specialists.
The Lady Ridgeway Hospital for Children is a tertiary care children's hospital in Colombo, Sri Lanka.
The Golden Jubilee National Hospital is a hospital in Clydebank, near Glasgow, Scotland.
It has approximately 600 employees and 17 full-time physicians.
Porter employs 1,450 people and has a medical staff of more than 1,000 physicians and allied health professionals.
Winship Cancer Institute of Emory University is a nonprofit cancer research and patient care center based in Atlanta, Georgia.
In September 1986, it was formally listed among the universities and colleges of the whole army, with an authorization number.
Aneurin Bevan, who introduced the National Health Service in 1948, was a member of the Cottage Hospital Management Committee around 1928 and was chairman in 1929/30.
It provides 24-hour emergency service and acute care services across 54 medical specialties to a local community of some 290,000 people.
In 1985, the hospital became known as Children’s Hospital of Wisconsin.
Their cafeteria is popular with local residents; between January and June 2004, the number of meals served on Sundays more than doubled.
Its capacity and workforce were subsequently increased to keep up with the growing healthcare demands.
The hospital is accredited by the Joint Commission and the Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities.
Larkin Community Hospital is a for-profit 146-bed general medical, surgical and psychiatric teaching hospital.
GTBH was established in 1979 with 350-bed capacity which has now been expanded to 1500-bed capacity.
Vestre Viken operates Bærum Hospital, Drammen Hospital, Kongsberg Hospital and Ringerike Hospital in Hønefoss.
The old hospital buildings were demolished, the Grade II listed mansion has been left derelict with new housing built in the grounds.
St. Lukes Hospital is a private hospital located in Launceston, Tasmania, Australia.
It is Alabama's major tertiary care center and a modern medical complex serving approximately 35,000 patients annually.
This education facility closed in 1994 when its diploma programs transferred to the bachelor program at the University of Prince Edward Island.
She spent 30 years in the Philippines, becoming the first female doctor to practice in the country and greatly improving health in the area.
Children's Mercy Hospital is the primary location for Children's Mercy Kansas City, a comprehensive pediatric health system with multiple locations in Missouri and Kansas.
It also hosts some local services which support the communities in and around Oswestry.
Tung Wah Hospital is a hospital in Hong Kong under the Tung Wah Group of Hospitals.
The Mater Misericordiae University Hospital) is a major teaching hospital, based at Eccles Street, Phibsboro, on the northside of Dublin, Ireland.
In July 2013 it became a Foundation Trust.
Our Lady of the Lake Regional Medical Center is a general medical and surgical facility located in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
PHS was founded in 2001 by Prem Reddy, who is its Chairman of the Board.
The hospital specialises in the treatment of cancer and is one of three purpose built specialist cancer hospitals in the United Kingdom.
It also serves as the flagship hospital for Greenville Health System, a not-for-profit academic health organization engaged in medical research and education.
The General Medical Council of UK recognizes the hospital for postgraduate training in different surgical fields.
Aliwal North Hospital serves a population estimated at 43 000.
Doernbecher Children's hospital is consistently ranked by U.S. News & World Report as one of the United States' top pediatric hospitals in multiple medical specialties.
Ford's Hospital, Coventry, traditionally known as Grey Friars Hospital, is a grade I listed 16th century half-timbered almshouse in Greyfriars Lane, Coventry.
University of Iowa Children's Hospital is a teaching hospital for children founded in 1919, located inside University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics.
Most of the churches were shut down, and all the schools were closed.
It is a 1000 - bed hospital, located in Sevagram, about 8 km.
McLaren Flint is a nonprofit, 416-bed tertiary teaching hospital located in Flint, Michigan.
Sarawak General Hospital is the largest hospital in the state of Sarawak, Malaysia.
Mercy Medical Center has a Level III trauma center staffed by board certified physicians on a 24-hour basis.
Bir Hospital is the oldest and one of the busiest hospitals in Nepal.
The wards on the hospital are named after trees, i.e.
UAB Hospital is a Level I trauma center hospital located in Birmingham, Alabama.
The official opening of Chorley and South Ribble District General Hospital was performed by HRH Princess Anne on 28 April 1997.
Patients are also encouraged to use the facilities after discharge.
Following the acquisition the hospital changed to its current name.
It is part of the Azienda Ospedaliera Ospedale di Circolo e Fondazione Macchi.
It has links with other hospitals in the Adventist health network, mainly Loma Linda University Medical Center and Florida Hospital in the United States.
Johns Hopkins Hospital is widely regarded as one of the world's greatest hospitals.
St. John's Hospital is a full-service, acute care hospital with 184 licensed beds in Maplewood, Minnesota, United States, and a member of the HealthEast Care System.
St Mary's provides a range of inter-related services specifically for women and children.
This page is about the hospital in Birmingham, England.
It is controlled by the provincial government in Jaffna.
Strong has signature programs in cardiac care, cancer care, neurology, orthopedics and pediatrics.
Operated by Health PEI, the Prince County Hospital has a capacity of 102 beds.
It was one of the first projects to be completed through Frameworks Scotland.
Blaenavon Hospital, located in Blaenavon, is a small community hospital run by the Aneurin Bevan Local Health Board.
The Workhouse dated back to before 1777 and the hospital is partly housed in the original buildings.
The hospital is a teaching affiliate of the Michigan State University College of Human Medicine.
In 1970, Katharine, Duchess of Kent visited and when the facility upgraded from “Convalescent Home” to “Hospital” in 1971, it took her name.
The Bede House, Old Aberdeen was used by the Bedesmen from the hospital from 1789 to the end of the nineteenth century.
The hospital has been directly affiliated with China's Ministry of Health since its first day of operation, October 23, 1984.
Johns Hopkins Medicine at MedStar Good Samaritan Hospital: Orthopedic Surgery, Pain Management, Rheumatology [Arthritis Care], Spine Care & Surgery, Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation
Located on a 151-acre site and will contain over 1,000,000 square feet once it’s fully functional.
The Center is a core teach facility for Stanford residents and fellows in training.
Good Samaritan Medical Center or Good Samaritan Hospital is a 333-bed acute care hospital located in West Palm Beach, FL.
The hospital is located on the Oregon Health and Science University campus, and is active in the research and development of new technology.
The hospital has 236 beds and was founded in 1872 by Mary-Ann Horton.
The original hospital was built in 1939 and an extensive redevelopment took place and the new facilities were officially opened in 1994.
It serves the residents of Manitoba, Northwestern Ontario and Nunavut as both a teaching hospital and as a research centre.
IMRT and Cyberknife are two of the latest technologies used in cancer treatment developed at the Anadolu Medical Center.
It was named for Albert Einstein after the volunteer president of Mount Sinai wrote a letter asking Einstein for permission to use his name.
The facility's new Walter and Leonore Annenberg Pavilion, an inpatient pavilion connected to the north end of the existing hospital, opened in late 2010.
Bronson Methodist Hospital is a 404-bed non-profit teaching hospital located in downtown Kalamazoo, Michigan, United States, and is a Level I trauma center.
Subsequently the hospital established its own nurse training school, becoming the first hospital to train non-white nurses.
Established in 1890 as St. John's Hospital, it is now part of Jefferson Healthcare, and affiliated with Swedish Health Network.
Radio Broadgreen broadcasts live from within the hospital and broadcasts 50 hours of live programming a week through volunteers.
It is a tertiary referral centre for neurosurgery, and is a national centre of excellence for gestational trophoblastic disease.
In 2014, Alecto Healthcare Services acquired the hospital from Texas Health Resources.
Cabell Huntington Hospital is a regional, 303-bed academic medical center located in Huntington, West Virginia.
The operations ward contains 11 operation rooms suitable for laparoscopic and open heart surgery as well as computerized neurosurgery.
The hospital has two helipads for use by an air ambulance or other helicopter medical transport.
It is part of the Aga Khan Health Services international referral system with links to the Aga Khan University Hospital, Karachi.
Founded in 1949, it is part of the Mount Carmel Medical Group, which includes Aut Even Hospital in Kilkenny and St. Joseph's Hospital, Sligo.
It is known for its cardiac program, bloodless surgery program and breast care program headed by Miguel Sanchez.
The President and CEO of Genesis Health System is Douglas Cropper.
Until 2007 the hospital was operated by Funen county, but due to governmental restructuring, it has since been driven by the Region of Southern Denmark.
Providence St. Peter Hospital, located in the Lilly Road Medical District of Olympia, Washington is Providence Health & Services’s second largest Washington state hospital.
As of 2012, White Plains Hospital treated 170,000 patients annually and is a member of the Montefiore Health System network.
It is affiliated with many other health care providers across the state of Washington.
Administered by NHS Lanarkshire, it serves a population of approximately 260,000 people of North and South Lanarkshire council areas.
Its distinctive tower block dominates the Belfast skyline being the third tallest storeyed building in Ireland.
The Juravinski Hospital is a hospital in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada operated by Hamilton Health Sciences.
The Sindh Institute of Urology and Transplantation is a dialysis & kidney transplant centre located in Pakistan.
Memorial Medical Center is a hospital in the greater Stanislaus County, California, United States.
As of 2009, it was licensed for 509 beds, but held only around 200 patients.
OrthoIndy Hospital is accredited by the American Osteopathic Association's Healthcare Facilities Accreditation Program.
From 1918 until 1937, when the Groote Schuur Hospital opened it was the main academic hospital of the University of Cape Town.
Kapiʻolani Medical Center for Women and Children is part of Hawaii Pacific Health's network of hospitals.
DMC Sinai-Grace Hospital is the largest hospital in the eight hospitals that comprise the Detroit Medical Center.
It also has geriatric and rehabilitation services, elective orthopaedic services and cardiothoracic services, an in-patient psychiatric unit and a 16 bed palliative care unit.
UMMHC is a not-for-profit health care network providing all levels of primary to quartary health care.
Dignity Health-California Hospital Medical Center is known for its wide range of medical services - from Obstetrics and Gynecology, to Orthopedics and Cardiology.
It is named in honor of Luke the Evangelist, who is the patron saint of doctors in the Roman Catholicism.
Its main campus is located at 1275 York Avenue, between 67th and 68th Streets, in Manhattan.
The hospital was founded in 1954 and is owned by the citizens of Jersey County.
In addition to providing general care to patients, it also operates a number of specialized programs, such as its cancer center.
It is run by the Avon and Wiltshire Mental Health Partnership NHS Trust.
They were followed by generations of patients, staff and supporters who were involved with an expanding seaport hospital and its many campuses.
Los Robles Hospital & Medical Center is a hospital and medical center complex in the city of Thousand Oaks, Ventura County, California.
It is part of the South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust: a provider of an extensive portfolio of mental health services in the United Kingdom.
36A Western Street, Sai Ying Pun, moved to the Hospital Road site in 1955.
It is affiliated with UCSF Benioff Children's Hospital San Francisco and is an American College of Surgeons or ACS designated a Level I pediatric trauma center.
North District Hospital or NDH is an acute general hospital serving the population of the New Territories East Cluster.
As the region’s largest healthcare organization, AtlantiCare employs more than 5,000 staff members and 600 physicians in nearly 70 locations.
It has more or less 350 physicians and surgeons.
The expansion was necessitated by the rapid population growth in the city of Steinbach and area.
Magee is authorized to treat wounded military personnel returning from war.
It has over 500 physicians, 2200 healthcare professionals and 300 volunteers.
Lowell General Hospital is a member of the Voluntary Hospitals of America .
The medical center is equipped with a helipad.
There were 320 physicians as well as approximately 600 volunteers that contributed their services and fund raising efforts.
As of 2012 the site is disused.
White Memorial Medical Center is owned and operated by Adventist Health, staffed by 1,879 employees, nearly 700 volunteers, 462 physicians, and 86 residents.
"Their dream came true exactly 20 years later when the Indus Hospital was established in 2007."
It is the third largest hospital in Maryland; with more than 3,500 employees, it is one of the largest employers in Baltimore County.
After becoming part of Legacy Health when it was formed in 1989, Legacy closed the then 171-bed hospital in 1994.
It provides free health services to persons who meet these criteria:
Logan Hospital is located at corner Armstrong and Loganlea Roads in Meadowbrook, Queensland, Australia.
This has led to a partnership with the University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics for training future ER doctors.
The hospital has an accident and emergency department and a helicopter landing pad.
The Hôtel-Dieu of Carpentras is one of the oldest hospitals in Comtat Venaissin, in Vaucluse.
Centinela Freeman Regional Medical Center, Centinela Campus was a non profit hospital located in Inglewood, California, United States.
It replaced the original Alice Ho Miu Ling Nethersole Hospital in Mid-Levels in Hong Kong Island and moved to Chai Wan.
NewYork-Presbyterian/Lawrence Hospital is a general hospital located in Bronxville, New York that provides inpatient and outpatient care primarily to residents of southern Westchester County.
In November 2012, work began on building a new £35m Emergency Care Centre, which opened in February 2015
Anita Moreno Regional Hospital is a medium district general hospital near La Villa de Los Santos, Los Santos Province, Panama, run by the Ministerio de Salud.
St. Charles Mercy Medical Center is a hospital in Oregon, Ohio and is part of Mercy Health Partners.
The hospital was inaugurated 1903 as a replacement for the city’s older hospital that had become too small.
In 2006, a flood cost the hospital several million dollars in damages.
By 1993, Battle Hospital had 280 beds, compared with 760 beds at Reading's other general hospital, the Royal Berkshire Hospital.
Landstuhl is the seat of the Verbandsgemeinde Landstuhl.
It features photographic murals of well-known Saskatoon cityscapes along the river and interior skyline paintings by young artists from Saskatoon Community Youth Arts Programming.
The hospital accepts both Chinese patients and patients from foreign countries, such as the US, Canada, Malaysia, India and the Philippines.
K B Bhabha Hospital is a public hospital in Bandra in Mumbai, India.
It is situated 3 km from the Ambattur rail-bridge on the Ambattur–Avadi road, about a kilometer from the Ambattur—Red Hills Road intersection.
Children's Healthcare of Atlanta sometimes simply referred to as Children's, is a not for profit children's healthcare system, located in the Atlanta area.
However, she died three months later from complications.
merged with Robert Woods Johnson hospital and now does allow students to perform tests, etc as of 2016.
The Hospital serves as a referral site for the seriously ill throughout the city, state and world.
The nearest hospital is over 200 miles away.
The new hospital design includes an infection control design to prevent doctors from contracting tuberculosis while on duty.
The most recent addition to The Wellington Hospital is the new Platinum Medical Centre, which opened on 3 May 2011.
In 2016 the Trust saw improvements in its annual Patient-Led Assessment in Care Environments audits, which were introduced nationally in 2013.
Lankenau Medical Center is a 331-bed tertiary care, teaching hospital and research institute in Wynnewood, Lower Merion Township, Pennsylvania.
